PRINOE CHARMING; OR My Sister Guinevere. f.f-t ; BY TEMPLE. You say you are surprised my sister Guine vere never married ; that, beautiful as she is even now in the faded pallor of her forty years, she must have been supreme in her early youth; and that her grand manner alone would seem to have marked her out a grand alliauce — one chosen from among the many of the highest in the land offered to her. And you are too well bred to add what I see you feel that you are just as much surprised to find me, who am a mere nobody compared to my sister — small and | dark and shy even yet, for all my four big j boys, while she is tall and fair and regal — here at the head of. this princely establishment, and the wife of a man like my husband, for whom Guinevere seems to be in every way fitted more than myself. Well, it is strange, I admit. But shall I tell you my sister's story ? It is not quite one < f every (lay life, though there is nothing out rageously sensational in it. Still, it may in terest you as a study of circumstance ind character ; and, at all events, it is (me. We were always what you see ns now — the queen and her subject, the adored aud her adorer, a mistress and her slave. Guinevere, five years older than I, was, as long as I can remember, like some kind of a superior being whom it was my duty as well as my joy to worship and obey. Her beauty was always phenomenal to me, more especially as I iiad.none. No, do not say "Oh !" in that de precating way. Ic is very unkind of you to wish ro spare inv self-love, and put me on good terms with myself ; but I. have heard the truth too often. As a child I distressed my mother many times to tears, when she was low-spirited, be cause she s tid I was so like a little Aztec or horror of that kind ; aud as a girl she often de clined to tako me iuto society, because I was such a contrast to Guinevere that, she said, she was ashamed of me. Bat my husband and my boys are satisfied with me, aud that is everything. And, indeed, only yesterday my husband said to me laugh- ;ug : " I declare, Rachel, you are getting quite pretty in your old age !" So perhaps I am growing less plain. Women sometimes do as they get older. You do not mind my telling you this nonsense ? It is only for fun, not vanity. , But if I was the Aztec of the family, Guine vere was the dower — our crown imperial, our stately lily, our royal quern, our hope, our love, our enchantment. There were no brothers, and she was the heir. We were not made joint heiresses ; hut Guinevere, as was only fitting, was made sole heiress, aud I had a younger child's portion. When my father explained this to uio, 1 told him how glad I was, as Guinevere was born for wealth and position, and 1 was not ; and it. was only right that she -hould keep the family name when she married, ind lie the lepreseutative of the house as it" she had been a son. She was the superior and my queen. " Then you are no, jealous — not disappointed Little Uach' l ? You do not think I have done wrong by you ?" my dear father said, drawing me uear> r to iiim. I thought ho looked a little anxiously into my face, as if he were troubled and wanted re assuring. Dear, dear father ! I have often thought since that ho was not. quite sure of the righi.ne.-8 of his decision. But it was right, quite riirht. " Jealous of Guinevere ? sorry that you have made her the head of the family '? No, (ather, darling,"! said; "how should I be?.; You have done only what is right and wise, and I am glad and grateful — very glad that Guinevere is to he always the superior, and very grateful that jou have thought- it worth while to speak to me about it at all. And here I kissed him, and stroked down his dear bushy heard as i used when a little one ; but he held me to hiiu very, very close, and xissed 1110 hack again with something so sweet .»nd almost sorrowful in his manner — and soine- t simr almost like tears in his eve3. ' I hope I have done right, '' ha said, softly ; ' but it seems cruel and unjust,-' he added, as if speaking to himself. Mother, however, saw the things as I did, and spoke to him rather sharply. ' Nonsense, Jerome !' she said in her quick way. " How could such a girl as Rich el carry off the dignity of her p isition or bear the weight of heir-hip ? It would be ridiculous to make her rqu.il with Guiuevere. She has neither manner nor beauty, ueither dignity nor style, ami no ehatice of ever getting either. Guine vere is of course the head of the house, and must represent the family when, we have gone. How could it be oth rwiso V Rachel is out of the question. " Ah, well, I suppose it mu-t be so ; uid little liac'iel duos not luiud,'' said my father. " Of cours i not; she knows better returned my mot her, always a little sharply and as if she vere displeased. I fancy they had had a long discussion on the matter, and that she had at last persuaded my father against his original intention of leaving n- joint heiresses. " I trust she has too much good feeling, and too much sense of duty and propriety to ob ject to an arrangement so manifestly proper, so evidently marked out l»v Providence," she added impressively ; and 1 said : " I hope so, too, mother," to confirm her and cheer up toy father. I was almost sixteen when this was told me Guinevere was just, twenty-one. At sixteen a girl is rarely very solicitous about money or the future ; and I did not c ire tor either one or the other. But if I had j should have been re joiced all the same that iny smter should receive by my father's will what she d< served by sight of natural .iiihcritanc", and that she should be made the head of the. house by law as she was our queen by love. Beautiful as she was, the heiress of such a line estate as the Knoll, and with what my mother prized quite as much as' her beauty — which 1 had once heard called the " main factor in the sum of her charms " — her perfect style — yon may be sure that lovers were not wanting to Guinevere. She had as many as Pu: tia, and she was as difficult to please as -In r prototype. She took exception to every one, and made insuperable obstacles out of the most trivial matters. A uian's name, the colour of his hair and the way in whi.oh lie wore it, his voice, his lianas, his favorite Uowers, Ids manners, even his sisters his very scarf pin and rings — anything was rea son enough why she should reject him ; till really it seemed as if she hdd vowed herself in celibacy altogether and did not intend to marry auy oi:e. My mother used to get quite vexed with her for some of the offers were of a kind which did honor even to such a queen amongst women as Gu nevere ; aud, as mother said, these good chances do not come too often in any "iris life. But Guinevere stood her ground like some stately flower which shuts itself up if it has been so much as looked at ; always with the same cold regal bearing that she has still ; turn ing all men's heads and winning all men's hearts, but never losing her own, and making the disappointed world more desperate us lier tuliiii' 6s grew more continued. For whom or what was she waiting ? Mv mother used to ask her that queB'inu twenty times a week, but Guinevere always answered the same thing : " For Prince Charming." Which was all very well, as mother said, but he might have found him before now in the orowd of suitors who had made her the offer of their hands and hearts, and rent rolls and niitn. - One day he seemed to have come. At least we all thought so, and it seemed impossible but that Guinevere should not think so too. Our neighbour, Morse Herbert, came home. He had been a long time abroad — ever since his father's death — but at last he came back and prepared to live at his beautiful place. Every one was very glad, for an empty house like Wilmington Hall makes a great difference in a small soc:ety like ours ; and then Mr. Herbert himself was popular, and people were pleased to see him again. He i3 handsome now, but in those days twenty years ago, he was simply magni ficent. He was as handsome for a man as Guinevere was for a woman. And that was saying everything. When they stood side by side together it was really grand to see them. They looked like something one had seen in a dream or a picture — something ideal and beyond one's ordiuary experience. It was evidently the match for Guinevere. He was rich, of right age, handsome, in every way desirable ; and although his father belonged to the newly rich, Morse himself was, as yon know him, something more than an e very-day gentleman. He was a Bayard. Soon the neighbourhood settled it all to its own satisfaction and gave these two to each other, according to the law of manifest fitness and destiny as they said. And soon, of course, he fell in love with her. Who could help it ? They all did. Besides, these two were fitted to each other. No ; do not shake your head Titey were in those days ; if only she could have seen it, and made herself soft aud plastic ! It seemed as if nature had betrothed them, and some malign influence interfered to prevent the thing from going right. For in spite of all Morse Herbert's handsome looks and fine estate, in spite of all his noble nature and fer vent love, Guinevere would have nothing to say to him. When he made the inevitable offer she refused him, just as she had refused others; and all that could be got out of lier, when my father aud mother remonstrated with her was, — " He iB all very well, but he is not Prince Charming." I remember my father turning away in a rage when she said this in her quiet, sarcastic way. He was so seldom angry, dear, good, father, that it made a great impression on me. '"The girl is crazed with vanity," I hoard him say in a low voice. " Site does not know what she wants, and some day she will make a tre mendous mistake, and then she will come to her senses when it is too late. That will be her punishment." 1 was standing near him at the time when lie said this— so near that he knew that I must have heard him. It went to my heart to hear him blame Guinevere. To me she was so grand and beautiful — so free from fault — and so was he- 1 could not bear to see the smallest misunder standing between them, so 1 took his hand aud kissed it, and said to him lovingly,— " You would not have her marry him if she does not love him, dearest father, would you ? That would not be right." ' "No, my Rachel," he answered kindly. " But it argues some kind of moral perversity that sh does riot love b in. No one else in the field aud she ought to love him. If she were a good girl she would." "No, no, there is nothing morally wrong about Guinevere!" I said. " She is fastidious, if you like; and seems unable to be won by auy man, but she is good and true and noble, and she is not to be blamed because she will not marry even siieh a man a3 Morse Herbert if she does not really love him." 1 remember now how my dear father looked at m when I said this ; and how he drew ms near to him, and said with his sweet smile, — " I ought to be a proud lather ! I have a queen for one daughter," and an angel for another ! If that does not content a man, what should V But really, though it made me divinely happy to be praised by him, I did not see why lie should call me an angel because I defended my beloved sister, who had always been like some kind of goodness or superior being to me ! This matter of Morse Herbert's, however, did not rest here, for that evening my father and mother had a long talk with Guinevere, to which I was not admitted, but which ended by Guinevere consenting to something unpleasant. For she said to me at night, when I went to lead her to sleep, as I always did,— ' You are very happy, little Rachel, not to be the eldest of the family, and the grand matri monial investment. Heirship and queeuship, though ail very well, have at times their dis advantages ; and it may be better to be a humble little daisy than a crown imperial lily, as you sometimes call me !" Site did not speak with feeling or with temper, or as if she were sorry or annoyed ; jus with that little disdainful curl of her «a .tiful Hps which was habitual wish her when i hi ig went cro.-s ; and of course 1 did not dare to ask her more than she chose to tell. We were always so much more like queen aud sub ject than like daughters of the same father and mother, that 1 never presumed to take liberties with her — nor with my mother. My father and I were the friends ; but with tny mother and Guinevere, though 1 adored them both — eBprcially Guinevere, I was always on the lower plane, and of both— I confess it candidly — I was a little afraid. The next day — I do not know why, but I be lieve that ray mother wrote to him— Morse Herbert came over to the Knoll, about ha'f an hour before luncheon. He was with Guinevere aloue in the drawing room for Boine time, aud brought her into luncheon on his arm. 1 re member how deadly pale she was, and how flushed and triumphant, yet ill at ease, he looked. And 1 remember he trembled like a girl when he shook hands with me and said in a voice that waB scarcely like his own, — " You must congratulate me, Rachel, I am going to be your brother, and marry Guine vere." So then, he and my sister were engaged 1 The proud and stately swati was at last tamed ; tiie flower had at last opened to the sun ! But for what means ? Not ordinary ones, for the en gagement was not like those one reads of in fancies for one's self when one is young ; and for the first and only time in my lite I wai in clined to be hard oil Guinevere. She was so cold to him, so disdainful. At her best she was only placidly indifferent, at her worst she was actively sarcastic, and seemed to take a '--rucl pleasure in wounding him. And I thought that as she had accepted him, she ought to have be haved with more consideration. I used to wonder itow he bore it, such a high-Bpirited man in all other things as he was But he was so desperately in love with her in those days, he would have borne any thing, only for the delight of sitting by her aud looking at Iter and calling her his. And her very coldness uiado hini more desperate, as it had made so many others. It was something to battle against — something to struggle with and over- Come ; a kind of challenge flung down to the men who cared for her, which they accepted as Atalanta's lovers accepted hers. Atalan ta defied those who loved and would win her to surpass her in swiftness, and Guinevere defied those who loved and would win her to break down her statuesque coldness aud make her a warm and living woman. Evidently Morse Herbert had tvvK as yet been lier real conqueror, her trt/e Pygmalion. He had won her promise, hud he had not carried her heart, and she was 3till untouched. I was sorry for him and he knew it. With out being a traitress to my darling, my queen, I could not help pitying this handsome, ntanly fellow whom she treated so badly ; so that at the last he got into the habit of corning to me for comfort, as he said ; for if I were not the roBe, I lived near it ; if I were not Guiuevere 1' was her sister. And when she would not let him talk to her of his love for her. he could come and talk to ine ; and he knew that 1 was a patient listener, for that I loved her too well myself not to like to hear another praise her. Still/ 1 wished that she could have loved him more than she evidently did ; or even if she did not love him, that Bhe would have treated him better. I, like Morse himself, trusted to time, his own love, and the indissolubility of mar riage when once they were united, to bring it all right. Her common sense then would come into play, and her dignity too, and she would surely accept with a good grace a condition of things of which a bad one would not rid her. So we talked to each other., always skirting round, but never coining to, the full admission of Guinevere's want of love for him, 1 doing my best to give him hope and courage, till he got at last to really love me like his sister, and to mean it when he called me his comforter and his good angel. This was now the early summer, and the marriage was to take . place in the auiurun. Meanwhile we all went to Scotland ; and Morse Herbert, as Guine vere's fiance , went too. She would rather he had not been with us. She had none of that girlish, silly pride, which likes to parade a "conquest" — more especially one in which her own heart was not engaged. And, so far from making this joint stay a pleasure to poor Morse, she turned it into a tortur, and really made him very, very unhappy. She was too well bred to be rude or to flout him openly. She was always noble, like herself ; but she was colder than ice ; harder than stone; moi-e and more statuesque aud indifferont us the days went o:i ; as if she wauted to discharge her conscience of all suspicion of deception, so that Morse should know, if he married her, he was marrying only half of her — and that the half wanting was that of her heart. But ne bore it with the wonderful hope and patience of a strong man's love. She showed him no angry aversion, remember ; only cold ness, without warmth for any one else ; and he always believed that this was constitutional re serve, aud that some day he should warm her into the life and knowledge of love. The Glenbatroiis, at whose house wo were staying, were nice people. Mr. and Mrs. Glenbarron, and their daughter Adeline, were charming, but I did not like D »n- ald, the eldest son. The second, Mackenzie, was much better ; in fact, he was as nice as his "parents and Adeline. But Donald was one of those fast dissipated men, who are only cads with a correct accent and perfect taste in dress. He was a uiau who always looked as if he had been up all night — -very pale, a.3 thin as a grasshopper, and with those red eyelids and odd smeared kind of mouth which makes you think of drinking, as if they had been reddened by the lees of wine. He made me feel that he was living on the briuk of a precipice —as if from day to day his character and hou'-r were unsafe, and might at any moment be destroyed by some terrible dis closure. T know he made his father and mother very anxious, aud Adeline, who was gentleness in person, was sometimes severe upon him. In fact, he was a horror ; but, poor wretch ! he had some good points in him, as you will see. He bad brought down to the castle with him a Hungarian Prince with an unpronounceable name. I never could pronounce it, and I do uot know how it was spelt ; but as lie was always called Prince, it does not much signify what his name really was. fie wu3 a great friend of Donald's, and, per haps partly on that acc rant, I took a violent hatred to him from the beginning. Do not laugii and look as if I atn utiabie to take a vio lent hatred to any one. We quiet little women are often volcanoes like the rest, only our fires lay a little deeper than with some, and our explosions are not so frequent. But if I hated hitn, I was the only person who did — except, perhaps, Adeline. And she did not so entirely detest him as I did. She did uot like him ; aud Mackenzie, too, was in different to him, so was Morse Herbert. But every one else praised him to the skies and applauded him to the echo. He was very, very handsome, that I must confess, neither so tall or so finely built as Morse ; of a slighter, lighter kind altogether, and as dark as Morse was fair. But he had really an almost perfect face of its kind, and he had the most 'graceful, manners you can ima gine. They were as perfect as his face. Though L did not like him, 1 could not be blind to the things which fascinated others, his grace, his beauty, his readiness to oblige, his pretty way of asking you by his manner to forget that ho was a prince, while lie himself always reun-mbered it ; and then his cleverness. He spoke till the principal languages, one as well as another, and all well. lie danced most beautifully, and sang well, played the piano well, and rode and fenced and played billiards, and all that ; was a first rate shot, and was most amusing besides. He could do all sorts of conjuring tricks as well as any professed prestidigitator. One day Mr. Glenbarron said to him, iaugh- itig,— " Well, Prince, if ever you are brought down to the bare boards, you can get your living as a conjuror, cr worse. By George, tho.se- trumps !" " Think so ?" the prince said with a smile ; but 1 was surprised to see" how he flushed up, like a girl, more than a mau ; and though he smiled, he did not look pleased. Never after did lie do any more conjuring tricks for us. Mr. Glenbarron had evidently piqued him somehow. When the Prince first came he devoted him self to Adeline. This was perhaps natural, see ing that she was the daughter of the house and so ssveet and pretty in herself ; but she was so decidedly cool to lain that he seemed to get tired of paying her compliments and looking into her eyes. Besides, Donald evidently did not like it ; nor did Mackenzie. Indeed, I overheard Donald say to the prince, in such a strange voice, one day, when they were on the terrace below and 1 on that above, — " You promised me Karl, by all you held sacred — if there is anything you hold sacred in heaven or earth- — that you would leave my sister alone, and I hold you to your pro mise." . They passed out of hearing, when Donald had said this, so I did not hear the Prince's an swer. At all events, after this he left Adeline alone. But be turned to Guinevere, and paid her as much attention as he had paid Adeline in the begiiming. I could not understand my sister in those days. Shi-, so proud arid cold to all the world, so indifferent to her o-vn affianced lover, Morse Herbert, became somehow a transformed being with the prince. He could make her s'ad or uierry, enthusiastic or angry, by his aueed -tea of things or persons, as no one else had ever been able to do. I have seen the tears in hbr eyes when he sang his plaintive Hungarian songs, and she never seemed'- to tire of h;3 music. Hitherto she had certainly not been mon> enthusiastic abuu music than about anything else ; now she would sit in a kind of hushed, rapt way when he playe 1, and it was patheH': to see the way in which she catue back to her self, and, as if it were reality, when he had finished. Site grew, too, so much gentler to every one. Gentle is not quito the right word, for she was never anything but gentle — symp ithetic, affec tionate rather — and to ine especially so ; to every one indeed, save poor Morse Herbert, and to him her former chilling iudiff'erence changed into something that looked l.ke hate and fear. He saw it too. I knew that he did, although he said nothing to uie ; but I saw it in his sad, grave, wondering eyes, in his compressed lips, in his forced calmness, and in the flashes of fire that sometimes shot from his eyes when he looked at the prince. Donald, too, was dreadfully disturbed. Ho had gone down before Guit.eve e, as all the world did, and lie was madly in love with her. He knew that she watt engaged, aud he knew lhere was no hope for him. That did not pre . vent him loving her, or wishing that there had been hope. Poor wretch ! His love did him this good — it opened his eyes to his own vileness, and made him ashamed of the infamous life he led in secret. Far even had she. been free, he knew that he wa3 unworthy of her, and that it would have been sacrilege to have matched such a spoutless lily, such a- stately swan, with a thing steeped to the lips in vice, a mere well- dressed, correctly speaking, ruffian ! What a dreadful time this was ! Under the smooth exterior of a pleasant country party, here were we all in such turmoil and tumult of doubt and fear and love and sorrow as made the whole thing a tragedy. I think 1 had as hard a part to play as any one. Guinevere made over Morse Herbert to me as if he had been a fan or a bouquet to hold. Whenever he wanted to be with her she used to call me on some pertext, and then glide quietly away and leave us together. For the most part she went off with the prince, and naturally Morse could not be so lude as to leave me alone. 1 was so sorry for him ! I used to feel that I would have thankfully laid down my life to have made him happy. 1 - wondered at Guine vere as much a3 if she had suddenly changed by some supernatural influence, and I hated the prince more and moro, because of the pain that he had caused my poor friend. And Morse was so grateful to me I It almost broke my heart to see how this fiue, noble fellow clung to me became I was Guinevere's sister, and how touched he was by my sympathy. One day he said, — "Ah, Rachel! if Guinevere had your sweet nature and lovely charac er ; and if she only cared for me as much as you do, dear little sister !" "She is far better than I am, Morse," I an swered ; " and some day she will love you as you deserve to be loved." I felt my face grow crimson when T Baid this, and, in spite of myself, the tears would come in to my eyes — I doiKt know why — only, perhaps, it pained and shocked ine to think that inv sister — my queen, my star, my beloved — should have fallen so far below her best self as not to love this noble fellow, and to give him pain be cause of such a man as the prince. We were all out on the terrace' that evening, and. as usual, the three men had clustered around Guiuevere— Donald, the prince, an<R Morse Herbert. It was a kind of triangular duel among tliern— a trial of skill which sliould claim her attention, and make himself the mo3t favored. Morse, with an outburst of pacsion and pride strangely unlike himself, seemed as if he stood on his rights and intended to make Guinevere respect and acknowledge them. The orince, quiet, subtle, fascinating, offering homage like incense, asked mutely for favor. Donald, feverish, eager, and in some cases insolent, at least to the prince, flung himself, as it were, on the spears of lier scorn, but with a wild, strange air, as if he wished to protect her — from whom or what? And all this while she stood as a queen among them, supreme in grace and beauty and unconquerable pride, at least to Morse and Donald, but all sweetness aud almost tenderness to the Prince. Adeline and I, with Mackenzie and one or two others, were at a -little distance from them — just a few steps ; but I stood-, where 1 could hear and see all. "How beautifully the moon shines on the fountain !" said Guinevere, suddenly, looking down the long, dark avenue to where the fountain, at the end, shone in the moonlight like some pale softly shrouded ghost. " Yes, let me take you to it," said Morse Herbert, eagerly, offering his arm. "Yes; let us go," said Donald, ranging himself on the other side. The prince said nothing, but lie looked at her with pleading eyes, and she looked bxck at him with answering ones. " Very well, ive will go," said Guinevere. Then in her quiet, queenly way, turning to Morse said : " luring Rachel. The Prince will take care of me." She ignored Donald altogether. Such a strangely rapt, such a wonderful look of love and triumph and delight came on the lace of the prince as he took Iter hand and d 'ew it on his arm ! He was playing 110 part here! lie dicl truly and really love her. Who, indeed, could help it ? But I saw Bouaid Glenbarron seize his arm aud hold it for a minute, as if iu a vice, and I distinctly heard him say: " Scoundrel, yuu shall smart for this !" as he pushed past him rudely and left the terrace in a rage. Morse, too, was painfully agitated and I could feel his arm tremble with suppressed passion. But what could he d-> 1 He was not the kind of man to make <1 vulvar brawl, for the favor of any woman. If site preferred another to him-- self, though it broke his heart, lie would re spect her choice. He might, being a m m, find some occasion to revenge himself on his rival, but he would not make a scene in the presence of his lady, and he would not found his qu rrel 011 her name. I did my best to console him. but nty best was very, very little. How could I console him in h:s terrible position, with all the agony and humiliation that beset it V What were my fullest love and sympathy to hini, .compared with the want of Guinevere's ? He seemed pleased, however, by my tundeni ss, and he made tny heirt light for all i s sorrowful 1 leav ings for hiui by the way in which he said, — "My darling little sister, without you I should be wretched indeed ! You are the onlv point, of light in my present life. You are "worth- very much to me — you are very, very dear." " I wish could make you happy," I answered, "I would if I could, Heart 11 knows." " I know you would," he said ; " and so far aB you can, you do. For my own self-respect I must not endure this position any longer. It is unendurable, and Ishouid despise myself if 1 did not put aif end to it. I must make Guine vere explain herself clearly ; and if she cannot love me — " He stopped, for his voice suddenly broke, and I saw him raise his hand to his throat and loosen the knot of his necktie. '"Then we shall lose you again," I said ; and tears came into iny eyes, whether I would or ho. " You will never lose me," he answered, pressing my hand kindly. "To the end of my life. I shall never forget your sweet kindness to me iu nty trouble ; and never cease to love you as my dear little sister, my sweet citild friend." " Thauk you," I said. But I was not quite a child. I was nearly eighteen now.. Guinevere was just twenty- three. That night there was an awful row down stairs amongst the men. I was standing b\? the open window, for I was too unhappy and be wildered to sleep, and I heard first Donald and Morse talking together, then Donald and the prince. I did not hear the whole conversation, of. course. I did not listen, and I could, not have heard it all even if I had listened. Besides X did not. wish to hear it. But I did hear Donald say to Morse, — "Leave ltini to me, Herbert; I will setll r him better than you can," and I heard hint afterward say to the prince : " You're a scoundrel — a bigger scoundrel than I thought yon, Karl. If" you do not. drop it, I will expose you, cost what it may." I will not add the oaths and bud language with which he clenched this exclamation. ! did not hear what the prince said in reply. He had a soft, low voice, and always spoke in a rather subdued tone ; but Donald's voice was harsh and loud and rough, and he never moderated it, so that it was easy to hear his answer iu return, th-raoh I could not catch a sound of the other.— To ins Continued. PC 1 