BOB MARTIN'S LITTLE GIRL A Novel by DAVID CHRISTIE MURRAY, Authob or Joseph's Coat, Aunt Rachel, Rainbow Gold, &o.;, &o.;, &c.; All Rights Reserved. Chapter X. it was tho 7th anniversary of the marriage of Georgo Redwood andEUico Greonaway, Tho day fell upon a Sunday. Tho yeoman sat in an old fashioned high-backed ohair, aftei breakfast, over bis morning pipe and a copy of tbo IFeeify County Journal . He was already attired for church, except for ooat and bat, and those, brushed to tboir last nicety, lay on the tablo beside him reauy iu ins iianu. no sat in rue ounusy morning luxury of shirt sleeves enjoying bis pipe with tho consciousness of rest and leisure, not so deeply interested in the story of the preliminary mooting of tho Hunt Club but that he could find an occasional eye for the sun lit garden and an ear for tho voices of tbo houso. Ho strayed restfully over tlie local intelligence, until on a sudden the hcadingof a brief paragraph started him into a profound interest. Ho read the paragraph twice over, and then rising walked to the foot of tho stairs, which led direot from the ohamber to tho upper regions of the house. "Ellice, my dear, " he aalled, "just comedown here a minute, wilt you? Ire something to show you." His wife's pleasant treble annworod from above, bidding him wait a minute. Ho walked back to his obsir, and sat smoking rathor solemnly, until his wife desconded with a rustle of Sunday silk... "Why, Goorge, " sho said, "you're looking as serious as a orow ; what's tho matter ?" "Was I, my dear ?" said Goorge. " Hero's an odd bit of news now. Listen to this. ' It will be within tho memory of our readers that some what less than two jycars ago wo published tho news of the melancholy disappearance of Mr. John Hetheridge, a native of Upnor, of tbis county. We now learn from tho Australian jour nals that the provisions of tho unfortunate gentloman's will have been completly carried into effect. The wholo of Mb estate has boon realised, and the proceeds, amounting to moro than a quarter'of a million sterling, are funded in the English three per oents for tho benefit of his infant daughter. A statod &um; had been sot apart for alimony, but the bulk of this great fortune will be allowed to acoumulata until the young lady reaches the age of 18. Welcnrnthat tho heiress is in the ohargo of the Reverend Jordan Farrell, M. A., tho incumbent of St. John's Churob, Wellstead, Essex.' " " Why, George, " said Mrs. Redwood, " that'll be an enormous fortune by tho time the child comes in for it." "Yes, " Georgo assented, " it's a lot of money. Poor old Jack Hotheridge ! Ho must have had a rare oye for tho main ehnnco, though great fortunes do seem to grow out there like mush rooms. You might have done bettor than you did, my dear." "Oh," said Mrs. Redwood. " As how, Goorge?" " You might havo had that quartor of a mil lion," George auswored, smiling seriously up at her. " My dear lad, " his wife responded, Bhaking her pretty head with a smile as Berlous as his hiB own, "you'vo got your faults and I'vo found 'em oat by this time, but there isn't another man in the world could have mado mo as happy as I havo beon. I havo never wanted more money tlian we havo had, thank God. I oan think kindly of poor Hethoridgo now, but I never ooald abido to think of the man when he was alive. I've never been sorry for my bargain, Georgo." "Nor I for mino, "said Redwood. "Yon're a lot smarter than lam for you've found out my faults and I've nover set an eyo on yours. That's your cunning in hiding 'em doubtless, for being a woman you're bound to bo chook full of failings, big and little." At that tho wife laughed merrily and stooped to kiss him, and just then the church hells began to ring. " There, " said Mrs. Redwood, smoothing the locks hor husband's caress had disordered, "I shall have to do my hair again and wo shall be lato for ohuroh. That's ono of your faults, George. You oan never let a body kiss you without hugging like a bear. I wonder how often you brought my back hair down before we got married, and mado mo ashamed to look mv if own mothor in tho faco. Go on with your pips and paper; 111 bo baok in fivo minutes." Sho ran morrily upstairs and her husband shouldered his way into his coat, loft his news paper on tho table, and took his pipe into tho garden, whore ho wandered up and down with an oyo for tho ripening fruit upon the trees. His thoughts wore still with his old rival, and more than once bo murmercd to himself of poor old Jock Hethoridgo, "Poor Jack!" In due timo Mrs. Redwood appearing with his hat and gloreB, took his pipo from him, Bkimmcd into tlie house with it, and returning gavo aaeriosof final touchostohis tic and whiskers, turned him round for inspection, pronounced him fit to bo soen for onoo in his life, and marshalled him off to church, quito as proud as she had been on that eventful day soven years ago, and a great deal happier. In a quiet plaaa like Upnor any stranger is noticeable, hut tho married pair had not gone a hundred yards upon their way wheu they encountered a stranger, who would havo beou noticeable almost anywhero. Ho was a tall, broad shouldered man, but gaunt as a grey hound and tanned almost to blookness by tho sun. Ho wore a great heard and.moustaohe, bo sun scorched that it had grown to bo of no partionlar color. He was dressed in respectable pilot cloth, and wore his double breasted pcacoat olose buttonod.. A broad brimmod soft felt hat was stuok carolessly at tho baok of his head, and ho smoked a short blaok pipe, an almost incrediblo thing for a man of respectable exterior to do in tho streets of Upnor on a Sunday. In thosp 'daye, when almost all men shaved sornpulously, tho beard alone would have given the stranger a wild and outlandish aspect But opart from this thero was at first sight something outre in the man's appearance — a something in the largo, p&lo;, grey-blue eyes, whioh, in their contrast with tho tanned skin, looked almost colorless— an expression as of ono lost, a look altogether weird and uncanny, Tho stranger nodded ns ho passed, and said " Good day" in civil fashion, and 'Redwood re turned his salute. "That's an odd looking follow, now," Baid Redwood, turning 100 yards further on to look after him. "But what a troubled face, George dear," replied his wife. " Tho man looks as if he hod gono through a world of misery," "You women folk," retorted George, "aro always fancying tilings. " I'd lay a wager for my own part that the fellow was ono of thoso rollicking chaps that never know what troublo is from yoar toyoar." "You'd loso your wager, Goorge," his wife responded, tranquilly, "but I don't suppose that either of ub'11 bo ablo to find out any thing about him, so whero's the use of quarrelling ?" " Ab," Baid Gooige, comfortably pressing tho arm whioh lay within his own. "Where's the use of quarrelling ?" They onterod tho ohurohysrd, filled with scattered groups of ohuroh goers, oxobanging harvest notes, news of tho market and all the little gossip of the piaoe. The old churoh eiook, by whioh all olooks and watches in an about Upnor were regulated, showed yet soven minutes to the hour, and George and his wife lingered at tho churchyard gate and obanged "good mornings" with their neighbors. Whilst they stood thus the bearded man csme in sight again, looking uncertainly about him, as if in searoh of Bomeouo to appeal to. " Goorge," said Mrs. Redwood, "thero is that man again. Ho wants to speak to someone, I can tell it by his manner." Redwood had already set a foot forward with intent to cross over to the stranger, when tho man turned and accosted tho individual nearest to him — an old. .follow who, though a thousand times odder than himself in aspect, oxcited neither curiosity nor regard. Ho, too, went bearded in defiance of the general law, and was the moro remarkable in that respeot becaueo the beard was of a most strange and unusual red. Elf looks of the same color foil bolow his ears. A much battered, unbrnohed, old silk hat, a good deal too big for him, obscured his brows, and ho wore blue glasses with a sort of blinkor on either side. He was bont double at the hams, and his hands quivered poralytieolly on tho pair of sticks whioh supported him. Ho was dressed in very shabby and dirty, blaok broadolotb, and what with his general sloven liness, his shuffling step, and hang dog carriage of tho head, looked to be a vory disreputable old man indeed. The stranger stretched out a hand and laid it on tho old man's shoulder as he shuffled past. " I say matey," he began. The old man gave a nervous start, as if tho grip'and the audden acoost had fairly frightened him. "I'm not a gain' to hurt you," said the stranger. "You're got nothing to jump like that for. Tell me the way to Reynolds's farm." " I— know — not," tho old man answered, with a strong foroign accent, and as if ho found his words with difficulty. "Iam 'ere sree monco. No more." Ho wavod one of his sticks in the direation of the churohyard gate, as if to indicate that thero were people there who would be able to give the information asked for, and so shuffled paralytic- ally on again. The Btranger turned in obedience to the gesture, and Redwood mode another step forward. "I beg. your pardon if I'm wrong," he said, "but my wife hero thought you wanted inform ation. Can I give you any ? "AVhy, yes," the stranger answered- " If you know the country side you can." " Well," said Redwood, with a little langh. "I ought to know that if I know nothing else." " I want to find the way to Reynolds's farm," said tho stranger, knooking the ashos from his pipe on the palm of his great brown hand. " That's easily done," Baid Redwood. "There's the farm house over yonder ; that rod brick building with tbo three poplars behind it. But you'll find nobody there. Tho placo has been going to raok and ruin this past two years." " Nobody tiicre ?" said the atrangor, falling baok a step and staring at him. "Nobody thoro ? Not Mrs. Potter ?" "No, "said Georgo ; " nobody." " Look hero, matey," said the stranger, hook ing him by the ooat and speaking with a look and mannor curiously and almost 'pathotioally composed. "I'vo had a deal of trouble lately, an' I make mistakes This is Upnor in the country of AYorcestcrshire, ain't it ?" " Of courso," Rod wood affirmed. "Well, look bore," said tho man, "if you belong about here, you caa'tliave helped bearing talk <r me. My name is Sam Potter. My undo was old Jaok Reynolds, and when he. died ho left me everything." "I am very glad to meet you,. Mr. Potter," Redmond answered cordially, putting out ; his ' hand. Sam Potter took it half meohanioally. " And my missis isn't here ? " he said. " We hadn't boon married a month when wo lost sight of eaoh other. I know she got to England, for I've talked with the' man aboard tho ohip alio sailed in. I've been trying for this two years to got here, and why she isn't here beforo me I don't know." " George, dear," MrB. Redwood interposod, "don't you trouble about, church this ' morn- - ing." You are right, my dear," said George, "I won't. Como down to my house, Mr. Potter If you don't mind we'll have a talk and maybo I can bo of sorvioo to you. You've been away a long timo, havon't you?" .. " A goodish time," returned Potter, passing his .hand over his forehead as if to smooth a disordered thought. "ArVoll, shall wo go? " " Yes, we'll go, matey, and thank yon kindly." The hell began to tinglo spitofully as if in minutary warning to late worshippers, and thon Btopped suddenly. Mrs. Redmond passed into churoh , and the two men walked down tho street together. ; The bent old foreigner qnivered on his stioks a fow Booro yards away, but savo for that quaint . figure tho road was deserted. "That's a queer old ohap," said Redwood more for tho sake of making talk than for any other reason. "An old French fellow. I don't suppose he speaks a hundred words of English, nnd as it happens there's nobody in Upnor that can.ohongc a word with him except myself. I'm no great shakeB -of aFrenobman, but Ifve got a sontenoe or two, you know, and I thirik the old boy. likes to hear his uativo language now and then." . Thoy were levol with tho old 'man a minuto later. . "Bong jour, Andrii," oricd Redwood. "Com- moug voo porey voo, oe mating? "Bion, monsieur, trris bion," tho old man answered. ".That's right," said Redwood. "If fait; faotong, oh ?" Tho old man: gave, an inarticulate grunt. of assent, and, Bed wood and! Sam Potter pursued their way together. , . . ' It pleases him,'' remarked the yeoriian com placently, " to como across a bit of his own tongue now arid then. That's about all I can give him, but you can seo it briskB him up a bit.'.' . Sam answered that ho dared to say it! did, nnd walked on thoughtfully until. Redwood ushered him into tho house. Potter sat down and sot his hat upon the table. He drew out'hia pipe, a huge plug of tobacco, and a clasp knife.. " You don't, matey ?" ho asked. " Not a bit," George answered. . " I'll havo a vimoko myself. " I suppose," said Sam, shredding his tobacco coarsely and rubbing it botweon his palms. . " I aupposo you know my unole I" ..... - "I knew him," Redwood answered, " as well ns I know anybody." " I suppose," Potter began again, " as nobody conld-be likely to como down hero and mnke inquiries without your hearing of it ?" Redwood shook his head. " And you never hoard about my.-Httlo missis ?" " Novor. I heard of you, of course ; but I novor even knew that you were married." 'M got married in Mclhourno in Australia," said Potter." Ho had packed his pipe by this time, and now striking a inciter match on the log of his trousers, he palled away for half a minute in silence, nnd thon turning in his chair asked suddenly, "Did you over hear of a Mr. Jolin Hethoridgo of thoso partB?" " AVo woro hoys together," Redwood answered him. " Schoolmates. . It's seven years to-day since I saw tho last of him. Poor old Jack. Ho was lost in tho bush and died thoro." "I'm — - if he did," Potter said, Blowly and woightily. ' "Look here, that man was no more lost in tho bush than I was, or you was or the babe unborn was; " "AArhy, look at this," cried Redwood, snatoli- ing the p&por; from the table and soaroliiiig hastily for the paragraph he had read to his wife that morning. "Read that." , Potter read it tracing the linos with a clumsy forefinger. "Oh, Iknow all about tlmt," said Potter. " I met him in Melbourne when the news was stale. He'd beon dead six weeks when I came aoross him. I met him in his own house. He givo mo n smttok at the hook of the head, matoy, as laid mo thoro for dead. I was in the hospital 12 months along of it. .Off and on my mind's withered with it now, and I suppose it always will, bo." "But why ohonld Jack. Hotheridge liavo waotod .to do you an injury ?" asked Bed- wood. "That's more than. I can toll you; matey," Potter replied. : " The only thing I know ib, be done it." "How.did you know liim ?" Redwood askod. "AVhat brought youin his houso?" "I don't . remember," .was the unexpected answer. " There's heaps of things I can't re member." He passed his hand across his brow ngain, rubbing it heavily as if by the mere physical pressure ho hoped, to straighten tho Inwnrd tongle. "No," he said, hopolessly, ','1 canit; romombor." . Ho.lookod at Redwood with an eyo altogether vnoanfc, ond the. yeoman feared .that ho hod mado ocquointanoo ' with a madman. Ho had had -no experience of that genus, and he thought it reasonable to try and nrguo Potter out of what seemed an.obvious hallucination. - ; . "You soy," ho hegan, " that you sow Hethe- ridgo six weeks after he was ropotted dead ?". ; ".Yes," said Potior, "that's the truth;", : "Did you think it was his ghost ? " "No ; it was him right enough. Ghosts can't liit .a ohap and put him into hospital for 12 months. . Tbo baok of my bond was all!basliod in like, matey." " AVhat motivoqould he havo ? " "Oli; he lied motive onough. You mako your nind oasy about that, matoy." "AYolVwhat was it?" " My hoad goos wrong,',' said Potior. " I get it ;omotimcs ell as clear as daylight and then it goes awoy again. : There's oqly one . thing as I don't forget. I never forget ns it wns Mr. John Hethoridgo that done it. I shall find -liim some day,. nnd when I find him I shail have his life." All this was, of course, to Redwood's mind the -merest madness. There was no reason for giving the poor man's story bo much as a mo ment s oredonoe. It was doubtful if he woro even the man ha supposed himself to bo. To fanoy ho was Reynolds's heir and nophew might easily, bo as dreamy and unreal as the rest. He sat thinking thus, puffing his pipe in silence, and had begun to consider how it would bo oasioat politely to dismiss liis ourious guest when Potter struok the toblo with a heavy hand. ." I'vo got it," ho said almost passionately. " It was all about Bob Martin's little gell. Bob \- was my pal, arid it was my right to tako. charge ofhis littlo gcll when bo got murdered. Now, I put that to any honest man, if itwnsn't a pal's right more that a stranger's to take charge of a matoy's kid when ho got murdered ?" Had Redwood known the story he would havo followed Potter easily, but as it was the man's . spoeoh . sounded like the morcst gibberish. "Isaidto him, 'look bore,' I Bays, 'it's this way, matoy, I've oomo in for my property, and mo and my' missis' is goin' to England by the ohip as .coils' to-night. I shall find my matey's child,' I told him, ' if it costs me every penny in .the world. . You mind that,T says; I shall. find hor witlicrsoevor sho may be.' AVith that I turns my baok on -him and he lenooks my brains out. . I remembor it now," he ooncluded, "as woll as if.it were yesterday." Retlwoou wns uuaffectodly sorry for. the poor fellow, but little, dieposod to give or'edonce to gny. of.his'frinoios. , . "I suppose," ho said after thinking for awhile, "that you camo through London ?" .'' Yes,';' repliod Potter. .- .. .;i . ;. .- , "AVoll, did you . call on your late uncle's lawyer?" Potior shook his head. "I suppose you know who ho is ?" "It's slipped my mind somehow. I don't remember." "AVoll, as it happens," Redwood aaid, "I do. I'll write his address down for you. Tlioro's a telegraph office only three miles away at the railway station. Yoa walk over there in tho morning and send a mcssogo to tho lawyer. You ask him if ho knows whoro your wifo is. That's tho best thing for yon to do, you know." "Yes," said Potter. "That's the thing to do." - ' ; . (to be continued.) 