The Face at the Window Silvan Todd met me at the Saville one evening and took me aside. I was living in two rooms not far from the Edgware road. " Look here, Williams," he began, " I am going to Egypt on this cholera oommission, .ad I «hall be away (or six months at lesa«. II yon like to move ia to my house while I mm away, do so." ,"* Into yonr house in Grosvenor stree! ?" I ." exclaimed. "Yes. Why not t" ba replied lightly. I ; will leave obeqaea (or tho rent and taxes. Iou will be doing me a kindness. Galt ÍB a tidy mao, but I would prefer not to leave the servants alone in the house." Bal as to rent ?" I said dubiously. "Never mind about that. Or stay. In place of rent you oan pay the servants' ' board wages, or find their keep if you pleas«." "Done with you," Teried heartily. : A week later I moved into the house in ,1 ' Grosvenor street, No. 190. It woe s (air-sized I boas«. On the light ol the ball was the .. *. ? dining room, spaoious and wainscoted in '?/. oak, with much sombre furniture, and one ', . larg« window which looked upon the street. Behind this was the oonsoltiog room. The . window bete was overlooked, but a winjjw ' ? ?' garden wall stocked with ferns, and above it » Muions UM blind, secured tbs needful i^:;: privaoy; . .. '""BO muoh io* the house. I had been in lt ¿V. »bout three weeks ; the words, " Come and MS me; I am living in Grosvenor Btroot now," ?j wara beginning to lose their first sweetness in , shs month, when, on going out ono morning, .1 lound a man standing on the doorstep. He \ bad that moment rung the bell. ; .' ? "Oootor Bitoanl Todd?" he asked, looking . (rom ms to a paper hs held in bis hand ' "Are you Doctor Silvan! Todd, sir?" H No," I hastened to answer, fearing that bj was oolleoting rate« and taxes. " I am . .not Dootor Todd. Ha is in Egypt-in . tba' Sondan ; right up in the country, in . . " (aot." X; :'. '; ' " Anyone living here beside Dootor Silvan! Wy Todd?" he asked jerkily, poising a pencil ' above bis Hs», iii""Living hore! Well, I am living hore, .V"/* bo»-" "Ohristisn name, surname and prolog c- - " alon," be pat In briskly, " A oard will in v ' 'MM eoearsoy." ',>. " Then be explained that be wat . osnvasaer >-<,:toi a directory. "Tour oard, Biri Thank you," ba said. 'V; *.* * The nama shall ba inserted. May I take ? vow order (or . copy f " .'. ' .'Ko," I replied brusquely, "Isthat all / .. wtw wan»?" " All this morning, thank yon," be airily utirarad.. ,}\ ? ? /8a waa not one whit abashed by my man naror scrutiny. '." Iban good-morning." \- bold tba door open, and only shut it . ajheo be had (airly turned tba corner. I am -ai ahy man, and his coolness had staggered .'BM. Bat M I had not seen him, when my S*í?'-ba)B% was turned, as he supposed, in the act ;.*..:'y'ol examining my letter-box-not the look ol Hfz< tb» door, or the bolts or chain, bu« the > tottor-box ol all things-I was a Dutoh :->;v-\ . ffbat Mold the roan want with my ;.?~v^laMa>fbopf I began, though I would not fa**e eontesecd to the feeling for tho world, :$!|"''ts dlalika the stillness and gloom of tho "''.'CmWrnM It waa natural that suob quartora '-rS-: 'aboold leem ejuiot in oomparison with my í; "~ pjd lodging« ; but this alone did not aooount Sfiír'fait iBf uneasiness,*-which grew so marked fe;11 |ha» toa striking o( a olook startled me, and i ¿S£'V» t»jr ol sunlight shooting athwart the dim ft^TWanOf tba room made me Jump, t V Moil oaogbt tbs infection (romGalt. Hs Ki waa a tall, moon-Iooed man, ordinarily ; the ^v-'aaodal of a Una and ral» servant, sober and ?M' Bteady, and bot too Intelligent. But ba bad Wifcm «oaet babU ot going stealthily about the 'wi+'lhooas. and though I did cot mind this muoh, iX&i; «ld objeel to another trick he had ot glano yiiii'Ing ovtr his iboaldera aa be waited at table, Hi.::'S£fJ« U* '*oe would pot on ai these times an ^"^Ünplaaaant listening expreesion. More than ^^ÙMMW I oame upon bim standing still in the ,%V¿aWl Watering, And ii I went into the oon -vi'äiWng' room io veter the (erna, he was sore IggSggba at my elbow tbs next minute, listening *^;fjpi*r. I daresay. %S$£5Bol thia was notait. One night something ;V'«.^ípf>aned, which gave me rca! ground (or 'Ä«*a>njBjS' I bed gone to bed oarly, but I $$$BWo no* tleop, ond while 1 was ljing awake, J >? ^i'lbonght I bèôrd a eautioue footstep on tbe fSí'ííiÉalra. At my door l.t paused-if it was a fopattep-~for I oould only hear the oroaking . vH'-yaf . board at Intervale j then it see med to go All tansy t". I said to myself, and tarried f^*wÄ. "All taney I" ''(?.jïjr>;; -Bot I waa not quite aatleflud,andprosenlly sffiîawene aoltly down the stairs in tho dark. AU ^> ï#M âtlll. Tba ticking ot the eight-day olook fe i'JtM the oocaiioqsl grating ol a window os ;^?7vaJto bneae rose or loll were the only sounds ^MaSlda lbs boose. Outside a oab rumbled by. "'L'^Jtiaaahsn1 the toot ol the ttairB, and, satisfied ii^aoW tn,t 1 bad deoeived myeejl, was turning ~0hf$Íp back, when my movement brought the W'-f-háybala ol tbe oonsulllng-room door under S''r¿LaW «JB- A thin beam ol light shot (rom it f-'Xi |3o tn* darkness ol tbe ball. fe-Well, I hesitated ¡ perhaps while tho olook pSW'j|k6*e ticked a doaen times. I considered the "''?{'¿vwbsition. Someone might have oareloaely '!,":'.;jw5 * "got burniDg in tbat room. Only tho MS'<lWs*» waa not in use. And then what ol the '^'îi.'vatsv* on tbe stairs ? On tho other hand, ' Silbare might be a burglar inside. And then ? .-immw I ool bettor summon tho polios f But ^^ajsf pose I did this, and Io f a mere lighted 1 ''^:i''fttM\']" T Ihal would' be a humiliation in ::.:¿%-:j|kj4. I teared the burglar, but rldioule fe'ffieor». Stepping lorward, X flung opon the mWê** »nd stood on my guard. P^-.^yor a seoond or two I was dazzled by tho #^¡í;ifcgnti though il proceeded only from a single çf/-''>'r'a*odl« on tbe mantel. No one moved in tho y^'iuuirr' No one was to be aeen. I stepped ;ï;f : aaationily in with a smile on my (ace, and |-i-,.r**Hind ' Jumped, 1 daresay, a couple o( (eel M Why, Salt 1" I cried tba next minute, y pasing tba! il really was the servant who, 'r^:':'i'-§tOU» and halt-dressed, was standing by the 1 ivift'sfiaaow. " What are you doing here? What '-'.'Y-aaayoo doing up al thia lime ot night t" I ^rlB^lmpereUTely. Ir^BX ' did not answer. He was trembling 'iiolinlly I had given bim a great shook, ' ^' . ''tbml.waa olear. He passed one hand aoross ^^MWÉwW in a stupid way. In the other be '. i ~ b^ tba garden syringe I have mentioned. I '-'ibn*J«ht I grasped the position. tëW&Jt;ÏÏWU tell you what it io f" I said, taking fe' » ine aandle. and holding it so that Us light open his datod lace and distended eyes, ill voa what lt is, my man I You | walking in your sleep 1" atwded his eyes with his band and turned Irom mo. ata afraid I have, sir," he muttered if,-';: r*ïif' atill toroed to steady himooll by 'jéoè hand on tho table. I took tho wifMBvbim. .Üppose that this is not the first time , itiva oons it ?" I said quorulouuly. ^ -JtfÜn n servant who walked in his sleep. ' £.liï^'*Mprovoking. v'.l'W;.«*J|o,.sJr,*'ho nuBwcrod, his tooth ohatter [..f;fPfif^!«t:tha.ttlebi or tho cold. " I used to ;.j|'r^it »ben-l was a boy. Bat I thought I had -'^Bfo^rni'Oot'öt it years nco.". >v l''it«M tbat you will grow oal ot lt now," i-ZtU tanliM^aavarely. "There, gel to bsd, |pÎ''ïà4:ïof' goodnais' sake slay there il yon /C'"ïT«aii.M '' te^W'Jfaa,* air," he said humbly. "I an sorry Jl^i'tliat.I disturbed y CHI, nit." fs^fU|.'mâdè a sign to him co go first. As I i ?''?^''fuUawmi t .glaneed round the room al tbe P'':?J't inf ' *. inadlay tbat oovtrad tabla and ^X^jfjj'IW* ...**.»»? «a to «balts a«A # ..aaa**'* haast «Mk WiéfcW ÍIMIM MI»» »naiad ts b* winkiog Blum», «Dd in bottiee batrv st wara préparation» which Todd had bM ming to iHoitrate bia pbyriologïool ketone c< Bartholom«*1». Of h I I exolarmed, otaciDg Che door «itti a chaddc*. I BOOS l*a aalsap wheo I got back tc bod. Bot ooe* «t least I awoke with a start and MÍ op. ia the boliof tbot someone was again moving »boot the boase. Nert day I bod a bad nervous headache, ?nd waa aa irritable as oonld bo ; BO that when Quit aa nans' crept opoo me while I was watering- the terna, I lost my patience with him and turned sharply. .* Well f " I exclaimed. " I oame to ooo ii you canted anything; sir." Wan tod anything, indeed 4 " No, nothing I" I retorted. " And I think. Galt, that yon weald ba far moro usefully employed, if instead ot following mc about the house yon were to olean tbe windows. The one in the dining-room is In a disgrace ful state, considering that there aro tbree servants ia the house and only one master." " Very well, sis," he answered reaped tally. He was Dot ot all pct oat. And I, who am iby in my dealings with servants, and yasUMay wonld not bave dreamed of so re buking him felt a glow of pride io my moral oonrage. "I will se« to lt, slr," bo Mid; "but Dootor Todd nsaally allowed me to have o man to olean the outside." " Then get a man, T>i it In tho usual way. That ia all I want," I answered. He assented again, adding something, however, about the difficulty of undhig a man to help. I had this in my mind five mientes later, whon a man Bcoostod ma as I crossed Bond street on my way to ohambers. " Will yoar honor Rive me a job of work ?' he said. J looked at him. He was not tearful as beggars are. On the contrary, there was a merry twinkle ia his sly Irish eyes. " A job of work ?" I answered, gi an oin g at J my slim umbrella and varnished boots. " Do I look as if I bad jobs of work to give away ?" " Yoar honor looks as if yoa would give thom away it yon bad," he answered with ready wit. I laughed. " Can yoa olean windows f" I asked, " Olean »ll your windwfl, «ir, for ti shil ling I "bo rapped out. " Then yon wonld havo a bad bargain," I replied, thinking witb pride of my five floors .nd basement. " Hore I yoa may take thia to 190 Grosvenor street." I pencilled a lew words on « card request* lng Galt to let the bearer «lean the lower window«, and to pay bim a shilling when be bad done. For some reason, I do not now remember why, I wont home from ohambers early that afternoon. I bad eoarooly taken the latoh koy from tho door before I learned that there was a quarrel going forward. Galt wes standing at the consulting room door, his back to it, In front of him was my shabby Irishman, gesticulating wildly, and talking at tbe top ot bis voice. As I wiped my feet on tho mat, Galt out him ehoit. " You do not go into this room," be said > " that is enough for yoa I" " And why cot, my honey ?" tho Irishman was beginning. " Büro, and his honor was ] sr.ying that I was to clean tho windows, erory blesuod ono of thom." " Ha said nothing of the kind," I inter posed sternly, us I oame forward, " I did I not tay that you were to ooma into the house at al). I said that you were to clean tba outsido ol tba windows. How ÍB (bis, Galtf" The servant mattered something. " I expect him to do bit work. Now, BB yoa have let this man olean tho other win dows, bo may aa well arish the job by doing this room. Von ooo slay with bim- Opon tbe door." Bat Gall did not stir. Se looked M me ecllenly, " DootorTodd is particular about admittlcg j strangor« to this room, sir," he «aid, in a' tone that matched bia f BOB. "And to the ts ou so, I bave no doubt I" 11 returned, throwing open the door myself. " Stay f" I added, alter glancing round. " Oloso the ianer window over the ferns. | That is better. No« be ean do no dam age." I saw this arrangement carried oat before I left them. Then I went into tbe hoot room to write s> letter, bat was presently roused by the repetition ot a load knock. Galt, I knew, most bo able to hear it es.well as I could myself. I strode into the hali. " Do yoa not bear that someone Is at tho j doorf" I said curtly. He did not move. Instead, ho poiotod silently to the window cleaner, who was hard at work. .' NonBonso I" I exolalrn&d.; '* Go to the dcor at once.1' Still a moment's hesitation, and be went. Tho person at the door kept him some timo. Afterward I needed ooii in the front room and a oap ot tea. His scruples bad arisen rather late in the day I thought, and I took a misohievoas pleasant ID beeping bim from bis post. Bat what did it all moan t What, indeed f 1 did not oonneot, a« yet, the man wbo had been so inquisitive about the letter-box with Galt. Tho lattor's oonduot by itself was enough to puado me. His sleep-walking and stealthy ways, bis nervousness, and his Btrangs obstinacy abont the oonoultlng room, gave soope for wild conjectures, and certainly Siled me with distrust of him, as well BB a secret prejadiao against the boase. At breakfast next morning I was more atraok than before by the nortons manner ia whioh ho continually started and glanced be hind him. " What ¡3 it that yon aro afraid of, Galt ?" I said suddenly, tbiokirtg to take bim by I surprise. Thea, as he did not answer, ° Ie it I burglars?" I ashed, thc Boone with tbs Irish man in my mind. " Burglam, sir t" " Yes. Mind what yoa ar« doing with the kidneys I" I said sharply. " I thought that the burglary oloso by ia Band street, at that jcwcllor'e, might have frightened yoa. Man alive I there is nothing hero to tempt that gang." '. I hope not, sir," he replied hqsklly. I put down my kaile and fork and looked at bim. " Really, Galt, I do not think that yon are well," I remarked, in a more kiadly tone, II Wo want Doctor Todd back already." He began to tell me that he bad not been himself of late, when be stopped speaking, and with a low exclamation staggered baok from the table. The plata hs was holding fell, arid was shattered on the arm ot my ohair, The gravy ran over my sleeve, jumped ap in a rage. " What on aarth is the mattet with you ?" I exclaimed, very moah inclined to take him and shake him. " I saw a-a face at the window," he I His own taco waa white. His lips trembled 60 that ho oould soai'oely frame his words. A taco at the window I I had been Hitting ai a round table oloso to the window, and when 1 roao 1 bad dona au with my bock to the light. Now, I turned swiftly round, fol lowing (he direction ot bia oyon. Looking I psst ms, the> were fixed oe a corner of thu window. But thnra was co faao to be Boen. [ Galt was wiping his brow with his handker chief. " Hfive yea been drinking?" I nsfcod. No, cir." There was no indignation in bis answer. .. Um ph I I am sarpiiaod to hoar it," I said. "For shame, man I pluck np a spirit. Now go downstairs and oornpoto yonrsolf. You ean tell Caroline lo hiing ms np another plate." When tba plato had beon brought 1 ro sumed my breakfast. Heall/ dall was ba Coming <snb«!trsbli. WM bc golds' oat ol I itoaaaaaalj yOtwmMmitit«MitaUa* Miiaiw« Um Buntf ¿man maa* fc* paatty lac soo«-«arttte«, I thought, »baa oonld be »om for table tot bil neighbors-ba rbra be coala ooDjara op farce in broad day lipbt, and What waa Chat J I waa ont of my chair m tba fifth of a second, for with tbe tall ol roy eye, ai I reaobed serosa tbe "table for tho catt, I bad seen a fara at my elbow-a face gleed to tbe pane, and eoch a one I A f ooo, white, bloodless, with no forehead, a long oppor lip, ood Hanked by huge ears I A greedy taos, with doll eyes, that glsrod in upon me. I woe not frightened, bat I waa startled. Tbe face was unoxpoitod, and it was horribly oloee to mc. It was no wonder that I sprang up as I did. Yet tho tiling was hardly seen-I hod barely tamed my fall gase upon it-bcturo it was gone. " The impudent scoundrel 1" I cried, when my first surprise was over. " I will soon pat a stop to that I" I ran to tho front door, End opening it, looked into the street. Near at band there was no one. In tba distance two or three broughams were waiting, a butcher's cart was ' rattling off, half a dozen people were going this way or that. Dut no one was by tho win dow. Yet thia did not greatly astonish me. The honses in Grosvenor attest have project ing porticoes whioh would hide a fugitive, though his pursuers were bat» lew yards dis tant. My first impulse was to go ap the Btreet, hatless as I was, and hnnt him oat. But after all be bad done no barm, and 1 con tented myself with vowing vengeanoe it ho should repeat his icsolecoo, and went book to my breakfast. Though I could still lacgh at the serious way in whioh Galt had taken it, I did not return to my old ssat. I rcmovod my plats ea that I might face the window. Somehow the faao haunted my memory disagreeably. If my eyes foll upon a dark corner, a pale image of the flat features and fishy eyes shaped itaolf in tba gloom. Tba furniture, too, took queer forms where tho firelight fell upon it, and this went so far that I felt sensibly relieved when I WHB fairly outßide tho house. But that day being a busy one, by the evening I had forgotten my domcstia ooucerns, and when Caroline took off the covers at dinner I asked whore Galt was. Galt was not very well and had gone to his room to lie down, " I do not think tb at he has been well for soma time," I remarked. "No, air," said Caroline,solemnly. She shook her hoad, aa if ihe oonld folly aoooant for it. " What do yon think is tba matter 7" I waa constrained to ask. Well, sir, we think it ia the smell ot the dootor's stuff," " Oh, indeed," I answered, mach tickled. ..Bat yoa aro not Ult" "No, sir. Bat you iee, Galt-he ls more in the dootor's room. He has been in there a good bit lately, and he is not like the same man." " That reminds me ot something," I said. "I lett my litt lo silver matoh-box on the oorner of tba tabla in that room this morn ing. Will yoa fotoh it tor ma before I forget it, Caroline?" Wbilo she was about my errand, I, think ing over what she had said, bogan te sec a connection between Gait's oddity, or illness, or whatever it was, and thooocsulting-room. I saw a olear oonneotion. Still there oonld nob be anything in what tho sorvant csid. Doctor's stuff I That was absurd. And il was atill more absurd to sappoao, though I diclikod tho room mynolf, that there aoald ba any malign influenae »boat ii. That was rubbish indood, yet A shrill scream, and tho violent closing ot a door, out short my reasoning. I ran oat into tho ball. The girl was loaning against tho wall under tbe lamp, her hand pressed to bar side, her breath coming in gasps. She was on tho verge ot tainting. Laokily hst cry had reaohod other ears, and the cook oame flying from below, while on an upper landing, I, looking about for »ny cause ot fear, caught . glimpse of Gait's pale face peering down at uo. " Goodness, Caroline I what is tbe matter now?" I asked roughly. I was.gotticg very tired ot these exoarsions and alarms, and was finding it mora «nd more bard not to start and glance behind mo, BB Galt did, " I saw a faoo-a face," she sobbed. M At tba windowt" I asked eagerly. u No, sir. Over-over tho mantelshelf." M The mammy's bead. Why, you see that «very day I" I cried. " There mast have been something ciao beside that to frighten you?" " There-there WM something 6180," Caro line gasped. . " Lor a mercy f" exolaimod the oook, locking behind bet and then at me to ese that I was not leaving them. " What else I What else I What else did yon see f " I repeated impatiently. Bat, and it waa provoking enough to make a saint swear and return violently to bis diensr, Caroline would not say. No, though I asked ber again and again, sud in the main sha was a stout and sensible girl. Shs had seen something else beside the head, »nd that was all she would tell us. I oonaladsd in the end that sha was embroidering tho matter, and that all she had scan wes the mammy's head, upon whioh, perhaps, the light passing through the open door might bavo fallen with a now (ffsot. I went baok to my dinner ; but first I took tho lamp and thoroagbly searched the oon suiting-room. Ot ooaree I found nothing, or nothing thal should not have been there. The mummy's taco smirked upon me un changed, save that it looked a little more dirty. The preparations in theil bottles be low it wore antonohod, and in the midst ot them the board on whioh the dootor pinned bia oards ot invitation stood as fashionably untidy as ever. Il, too, would have been the batter, where it was not hidden by " fixtures," for a little soap and water. There was nothing new in the room ; no thing had boen removed or altered. Yet I soarohod under the table and in tho oap boards. I could not get the face I bad Beau at the window cal of my mind. The very features at the parobmenl mask above me put on a grotesque likeness to it. Bat by this time I was in at oondition to imagine any thing. Anything 1 No, not quite anything, For Barely that ory was not fanoy, could not be fancy. That short, quick Boream, which oame shooting up the staircase late that night, and pierced my ears, BO that I dropped the extinguisher and snstohod up the candle stick I That was not fanoy. It was real, as real as the white, startled taos I saw peering into the looking-glass a moment later. .'Hang it olll" I mattered hastily. "I oannot stand this. I shall be seeing a ghost noxt. Is tba house bewitched ?" I ran down ihe stairs, listening as I went. There was silence above and below. I leached the lowest Hight and baltod abruptly. From there I could seo the hall, and raising my candle above my head poorod downward. Ah I what was it ? Who waa it f Stop by step I osma down antill toaobed a prostrata form. Thon I sot the candle on the stairs, and stooped over it. Thank Hoavcn, there was no blood I It wan (lilt, and ha was alive. With an effort I turaod him ovor, re omiting an instant as a alaep-kuife rolled from his hand. I picked it up, and he ûichoiî. He had merely fainted, thoa, and punning tho mat under his hoad I rOBO to my feet, my first foars roliovod. T looked round. The dining-room door was wide opnn, that of tho consulting- room wus ajar. Without tuking up tho candle, with Eoarce a moment's thought, I flant? tho latter open and Blood on tho threshold look ing in. I held my braath and shivered, I confesa, for I saw who* ha had seen and Caro lina had saan i *>"«> overcoming tho first nervous deniri ory oat or flee, I stood looking tho thins In tba fcao until all fear \:na gone. Truly in the face-tor it waa a taos I saw-a luminous aoatb'a head. Kyee, month, and nostrils wets clash oavorne in a palo lombint rc »sb, It waa urim coonah, Bw4 IakBBg teta M*saa( il* poaUisn os« UM .repise*, « momas*'* reflection satisfied m» , tbat aomaooe bad trieUod oat tbe poof mummy'* head with luminous paint, and then had wriitai be row it on the fixtures bo»rd, io letter« rough, bul olear, " Thief I" Thief I I understand the word, the som» thing elsa whioh Caroline had scan ; bat who bad written lt, or why ? Yet it dearly be hoved me to fiad oat. In the nick, and also at tba jonction of the steel and had, were eome fragmente of a thing almost as strange in thai bouBo-dry earth. We hsd no garden at Ono Hundred and Ninety, ezoept the win dow garden at my elbow ; and why should Galt have boen digging in the half-barrowfal of earth which it held, and digging, or shout to dig, there at midnight ? Why, indeed I I brought the oandlcs olose to the window, and soanned tbe snrfsoe of the soanty soil which made up oar sole garden gronnd. Surely I was on the track, for on , putting aside fair sized ferns I saw tbat the handful ot earth against the base of the J biggest stone bod been lately moved and watered. With Ibo knife I dag oat tbe damp mould. 1 was not a bit surprised to find that a tiny oavern in or under the stone beoamo visible. I thrust in my hand, and feeling a handful of bard, sharp, smooth things, palled them out. How I started at sight of them I How they flashed and glittered in tho pale rays ol the candle I They were diamonds-a neck laos, pendant and braoclets. They were in their settings, when the sound of heavy breathing behind mo warned me to tarn. Oar eyes met, Gait's and mine. " Tbiol I" I said. ' ' Give thsm to me I" he mattered doggedly, fctretohing oat bis band. " Nothing ot the kind," I answered; I still hold bia knife, and there was a moment when I folt glad I had it. The men was a ooward, bat a coward in a corner is sn awk ward thing. I had the knife, however, and did not quail. "Nothing ot the kind, yon thief 1" I thundered. " I shall bo more likely to give you to tho polioo unless yoa tell mo this marnent the whole truth." A knock oame to the door. " You will not go," hs muttered. "Most certainly I shall," I returned; and passing throagb tho hall opened the door. A man stepped qalokly in and removed his bat. Hs was tbe man who called to oanvas for the direotory. "Yoa are Ur. Williams?" be said with a steady look at mo. " I am sorry to drop in at a queer hoar, bat business is business, and mine is unpleasant." " Perhaps yon will explain what il ia," I replied, I bad an uneasy presentiment ol the truth ; ?nd surely enough he answered: " I am a doteotivo, Mr Williams. Yon have the prooscds ot a jewel robbery hore, and it ls my daly to warn you that everything you I say will be given as evidence against you." [ " Tba! I say I" I oriod. " Againot me I lifo f You are forgetting yourself, mac ?" Good beavens this was too absurd I And yet-and yet my right hand hidden In my pocket was clasping tba jewels-was fall of tba stolen property I No wonder that I grew hot all over I " Bottor tako ll easy, cir. I have not been looking in at that window yonder a dozen times a day for nothing. When I saw that Jim's plant-Jim is my pal, who did that bit of painting inside there, and searohsd the room tua whan hs was deaning tho window -when I caw yofl cuma down with a light, and your man all ot a hoar upon tho floor, I thought it n good time to drop in. And now, II you will band over the stonos comfortably and quietly, why it is likely that it will bo better for both of you." A groan proceeding from the opon door ot the oonBulting room proved that Galt was listening. For myself, anger and perplexity drew me asunder. I mot the detective's eua ning eyes, and olenohed my fist. I felt the jewels between my fingers, and turned sick with terror. "Is tba servant in there?" asked the man pointing over his shoulder. I nodded assent. He made a sign that I should go in first, and I obeyed, though the blood flaw to my taos, and I felt os it the prison warder's band already asst its shadows upon me. Galt still sat huddled up in his chair, and as I took my plsoo beside him tho detective eyed OB both with a contempt ho did not try to oonceal. "Aprotty pair yon are I The idea ot saah as you trying on this game! Why, il ie enough to make a dog laugh I" And laugh he did. How I hated him tor his vulgar triumph I " Look here," I said ¡ " you will behave yourself properly while yon are in my bouse, my man. You know as well u I do that I am no thief." " Yon have got the plunder,** he said, be coming grave again. "And you and your accomplice have It-hidden away somewhere for tho past fortnight. It will be for yea and him tossy bow it was come by." Gall looked up, the piotuie ot wretched ness. " I toned it in the letter-box ooo morning," he muttered. "The robbery in bond street was in the papers the same morning." The detective nodded sagely. " I thought ac," he answered. " The burg, lari were chased. One was taken a few yards from here. We found nothing upon him, bul he owned up that he had dropped some ot tho plunder through the letter slit ot a homo a tow doors away. I spotted thia bonne. And now it will ba only a question et receiving goods knowing them to have been stolen, I daresay that il tho things are restored at onoe that no oharge will be mads." " Here ls the jewellery," I replied hastily. " I only diooovercd its presónos in the house a few minâtes ago. " And yoar servant ?" ho asked, u be ?natobed at the jewels. The beads ot perspiration were standing on Gait's brow. He had been an honest man before tho dieoovory of that moss of bril liants in the letter-box had corrupted him, " I am quite sure he will tell the truth," 1 said. " 1 will answer for his appearance. Do yon not think you oonld manage mat ters f" " I think I oonld," ho answered slowly. " 1 think I could square it, and do no wrong to anyone-1er a consideration, sir." I mode . bargain with the officer. He was to have twenty pounds, and to let it be in terred tbat Gall voluntarily oame to' him with the stolen property. " Wait tor me in tho hall," I said, taking a candle from the table ; " I moat letch the money from my bedroom." Galt and the deteotlve were standing to gether in tho hall, looking at ono another as ill-tempered dogs look. "Hercia your money," I said. " Now bc careful thal yon fulfil your part ot the bar gain." He put the notes in his pooket. " You will hear no moro ot it," bo said, emphatically. Galt muttorod bis gratitude, while I pat a stop to his offcalvo thankfulness. "Goto bod," I said, brusquely, " and do. not feel too Bare that hs will hoop his word," Bat our midnight visitor did keep to the lotter. Wo hava cot cinco heard of him, or ol the jowcls. ¿a day char day passed, and still co paragraph i:ppuarcd in the nows papcru, no .'uumiops arrived in Groavonor street, tho irul!: bcK-£ io dawn upon mo, I made oautioas inquiries in Sootland Yard, and learned that two mon had boen ooDvlotod of tho robbery, but thu diamonds had cover boon lound, and their disappearance have be come a standing myctory. " Thsre aro more of tho gang 'about," said tho inspector. '? We have our- eyeo upon two Irishmen, bat wc can provo nothing ; and we cannot see how the men who wore in it ooald have passed tho plunder to thom,". I oan Bso very well bow it was done.--very well, and bow any little ozponsea attending tba process ,'woro paid; bat lam shy bud nervous. I'tinah, it is ttuo, as I pass a cór tala goldsmith's shop ia Bond Bircci. bat 1 koop my urn OOBBMI So does Galt* 737 