Joe Belton’s Revenge. BY ALFRED S. BURBAGE. His tama was Joseph Belton, but • his mates on board the Hiddlsatrand lightship oalled him Grim Joe. His grizzled beard and sun-tanned face and hands told o! a lne in the open air. Joe had seen foreign service in the navy. He had stood to his gun cud never flinched emid the hell of flame and ! shot wnich rained from the forts of im pregnable Sebastopol; he had ohaeed the slaver, and brought the frowning, baffled Arab trader to hi3 knees; he had weathered a hundred furious storms and hurrioanes in the mid-ocean, and had, save the loss of one finger on his right hand, come soathless out of all- . . Ins loss of the finger incapacitated Joe Belton for active service, and ho retired on his pension, and for some time lived at a fishing village on the Essex coast. But Joe got tired of mooning about with few better Companions than the “ ’longshore men,” who regarded him with great respect, and never yarned in his presence. It was only to the visitors that they let their imaginations run ' fancy free, but took good care never to dwell! upon their perilous adventures and hair breadth escapes when Joe Belton was within bearing, or when the stories were likely to be repeated to him. A vacancy occurred on board the Middle strand lighithip, and Joe applied for it. He was at once accepted, as he had left the navy With a clean sheet and such a character as any h°nest man might be truly proud of. , Joe Belton was a bachelor. He had loved, and loved in vain, ahd, as he put it, ” hauled ■ irrhis heart’s tackle, and stowed it away for ■ ever.” Nobody knew much about the story, save*that Joe had taken his disappointment very much to heart; and nobody cared to Question him oo the subject, for Joe s face would grovr dark "and forbidding at the slightest word of ehsfi relating to his lonely life. “Look hero, lads,” he said, one day, "you’ve got wives and youngsters ashore, and when the wind roars at night, they ate thinking and praying for you, though they know that a lightship is the safest craft that floats. Be thankful you aro not like me, who cares for nobody, and for whom no body cares. Heigbo t Now I’ll go anil have a turn at the refleators,” Oa duty or c-fl duty,- whenever Jos Belton was upser, he would have 11 a turn at the re flectors.” “ Elbow grease ” Eeemed to be the only salve to his wounded heart, apd bo' would keep on polishing until the reflectors, were like burnished mirrors of silver ; and, es it were, he rubbed away the gloom from his face, and left it ruddy and calm, if not abso lutely cheerful. Joe had his seasons of silence and dejected • ness. Whenever he was “ off his bacey,” and read from a treasured copy of Milton’s poems, his mates winked at each other, and left him alone until the fit had passed One night, after Joo had gone to bis ham mock, Pail Oxley found that a leaf in the book had been carefully turned down, and, shaking bis bead, passed it to Jim Oawling with the remark that Joe must be in a very bad way indeed. “Iliad them lines lie’s marked with a pencil,” he said. “Head ’em aloud, Jim, for you know that I’m not muoh of a sebolard." Jim D swliug was willing to oblige, and, in a low tone of voice, read: “ Hence, Ioalhed Melancholy, Of Erebus and blackest midnight born In Stygian cave forlorn, ’Mongst horrid Bhapes, and shrieks, and sights unholy Find out some nncontb cell, Where brooding Darkness spreads his jealous And the night raven singe; ■ There, under ebon shades, and low-browed \- As jagged as thy looks, In dark Cimmerian desert ever dwell.” “I don’t understand much about it,” Phil said, “ but l daresay it’s all right. The only thing in my line is the low-browed rocks. Lor’, what a head that 'ere Milton must have bad, to bo sure 1 But [ eay, Jim, tki3 looks bad for Grim Joe. I s’poaa it wouldn’t be right to hide the book, would it, now ?” “ I wouldn’t undertake to do it for double ieava.with double pay,” Jim Dawling replied. •- My missus—and, bless her heart, she’s still ' my sweetheart—knows something about how Joe wjb jilted. You see, Phil, such a story gets handed down from one to the other, and gives the people something to talk about over " the fire on winter nightB. Why, bless you, Jim, the stories my old grandfather used to tell about smugglers and wreckers, who haunted the ooast when he was a young man, would make your hair curl like—like thin rashes o’ bacon in a frying-pan.” Phil Oxley was about to request the favor of the repetition of one of these blood curdliDg yarns, when bis eyes grew round and his mouth opened to its utmost limits. “ Look 1 Look there !” ho gasped. Jim Hawling’s face grew ashy pale as he turned slowly. There was some vague notion in bis mind at that moment—and Jim had his full share of superstition, and perhaps a little over—that the ghost of his grandfather had oome to,polish up his memory; but in ' stead of a spectre he eaw Joe Belton. His eyes were fixed and staring, his arms hanging \- loosely at his side, and his movements, as it he were measuring every step carefully, pro claimed that he was walking in his sleep. Suddenly he stopped, and, stooping down, \- felt abont where he had left the copy of Mil ton’s poems. Saarcely knowing what he did . Jim Dawling pushed the book noi3elesBly within the somnambulist’s reach. Joe Belton took np the the volume, and muttered: •* Hence, loathed Melancholy, Of Erebus and blaokest midnight bom and then, with a dark expression of face and fnrious gesture, hurled the book from \- him: "Phil Oxley was consoious that his hair was ■ rising on his head, and that he was as damp • All over with perspiration as if the oabin ;• had.been suddenly connected with a elow Jim Dawling said nothing and did nothing, Xbnfc simply eat and stared. I '- He felt that he was so routed to the looker, that had a gun proclaimed a vessel in danger, ; little Short of steam power could have lifted him to his feet. Joe Belton crossed the floor, and stopping short against the wall, leaned his arm heavily i . upon it, and began to speak. “ Well, Nancy,” he said. *■ you know bast. I have tried to win your heart, not to steal it, like a’ common thief. You have allowed your ears to be poisoned against me by Caleb Roze. He is my rival, and would say any thing against me. I swear by Him that made me, and whose hand rules the land and aea, that at the time Roze says I was in ■ Portsmouth, I was two days on a journey to Malta.” He ceased speaking, and raised his head as If waiting for a reply to his avowal. “You doubt me,” he continued, in the voice of a strong man subduing his passion. < “ I see it written on your face; I read it in your eyes. And it isn’t doubt, Nancy ; yon want to find an exonse to get rid of me. You favor Caleb B ize. What! yon say no ? I s\y yes. “ Well I’ll go; for I’d sooner plunge into the sea with a shot at my heels than marry a girl who did not place her whole faith in me.” Joe Belton walked away a few paoes, and then turned back again. "Tell Caleb Bozs to give me a wide berth,’’ be said. " I’ve always thought it was my nature to forget and forgive, but I’ll never forget or forgive the man whose lying tongne has blighted my life and tnrned my heart to gall. Tell him 80—tell him to keep beyond tbereaoh of my arm; and good-bye, Nancy— tot the l>(t time good-bye," The eamnambuiist crossed the cabin, and, passing out, went calmly back to bis ham mock, as i£ ha was weary, and his watch bo low had jest begun. For some moments' Phil Oxley and Jim Bawling did mt apeak, but at length Pnil broke the silonoe. “• What—what d’ye think o’ that ? he asked, scarcely above his breath. “ It’s the , awfuilest thi-g I ever saw. Lor’, I’ve got the | pins and nc-edlee oil over me 1”_ _ | “ I think,” Jim Bawling replied, “ that the i best thing Grim Joe can do is to go^asfaore | and see a doctor as quick as possible.” “ But the relief boat won’t be here for mor’n a week, and you know tho penalties for any man quitting the ship without ieive. Shall we tell Joe how he a been carry ing on ?” Jim Bawling turned the question over m his mind for some moments, and replied in I the negative. “ What good would it do ?” lio argued. “ It would only frighten him.and make him the more miserable to think that he had been walking and t3lkiDg in hiu Bleep. We’d bEtter keep a close watah over him, anti mention the matter to the cfiVisr, lie knows Grim Joe s ways, and will liad some .excuse to get him ashore.” It was a dark, wild March night. The , wind was blowing hard, and the sea ran high. E’/ery now and then the lightning glared upon the storm-tossau ocean and the distant desolate coast-, and.-itho thunder roaredvas if tearing the mighty piles of clouds asunder. While Oaley and Bawling were yet discus sing Grim Joe’s bout of sleep-walking, and promising to divulge it to no other man on board, the hoarse I03t of the foghorn rent the air. '. As fast as their feet could carry them, Oxley and Bawiingrushed on deck, and they I were quickly followed by Joe Bc-lton, .who, having .slipped his legs into his slacks, com pleted tlie rcst of his toilet, sailor-like, as hs. i went .to where duty called him. [ “ There was a lUre shown out south’ard, ' said the man who had sounded the alarm ; ‘‘and onco I thought I Eaw a vessel, but at first I thought the lightning had deceived mo. Look 1 look! There she is.” “ She’s running on to the sand?,” Joe Belton cried, snatching lip a specking trumpet, 11 and Heaven help her and all on i board if she doons’t sheer 60. Keep the horn I going. Bin out the gun, and give her a louder warning. What does the captain | mean by running into the j.vwa of death like ! this ? lie mu3t bs either drank or mao.” I Crash! went the report of the gua. It [ was answered by another, and a red Hire, I whioh told its own Etory only two well. | 11 She's lot t her helm,” Jim Bawling 6aid. “ See how she rolls and flounders. laay the Lord rend the wind about 1 ' Ah, she strikesl. she strikes 1 Poor souls, they are lost, every ' The guns were now being answered by an other lightship, eome five miles distant, and at the nearest lifeboat station men were making haste to help the shipwrecked muri n€Li"ght3 flashed, guns boomed, the fog horn eoreeohed, and men shouted—alas, all. in vain 1 The haple38 vessel, driven on the bands, was doomed to dett ruction. As its keel struck upon the treacherous sands it groaned and shuddered like some huge living thing in pain. And, as if in mockery, the wind howled louder, and its furious gusts drove the wives mountain-nigh. Sueeta of foam and surf Sa w over the lightship, blinding tho tpe*, who. clung, scarcely breathing, to the rigging. • • The lifeboat will never reach her,” some body snouted. ••Listen.” Amid the uproar came the crashing of timber, and then Buch a cry of despair as made the stoutest heart sink and quake. “ Sic-’s settling down,” Jim Bawling said; during a momentary lull iu the storm. “But. see 1 one poor.fellow has trusted himself to-a spar, and is (Lifting away frem tho ship, lie might as well place faith in a straw. Heaven help ns, wo can do nothing. Our boats would crack like nutshells.in suoh a E At that moment the aky became ablaze with a terrific flash of lightning, or rather a succession of flashes, and they showed the despairing figure clinging with the strength of agony to the spar. His features were as plainly seen as if a ray of limelight had been turned on them, and even the convulsive action of hi3 hands, as he tried to puli him self higher and higher into the taDgled cord age, was visible. “Lids,” said Joe Belton, pulling his south wester tightly over his head, ‘ I am going after that man, bu^ I don’t ask any one else hero to run tho risk. It's my affair, for yonder floats the man who did me the greatest wrong I ever endured. I want him to see me before ho gois under. I want him to know that 1 have had my revenge at “ You are mad,” Phil Oxley cried. •'■Jos 1 Joe I you ara not yourself; you are dream ing. Can’t you see that you will be com mitting suicide ? All that liny man here can do is to stand by, and fling a life-buoy to the poor wretch if ho happens to pass this way.” “ Stand back, you, Pail Oxley, and you all,” Joe Belton yelled, snatching up Bn axe, as the men advanced towards him. Sane or mad, I will have my way, and I am going. Stand back, I say ; the man who thinks of trying to Btop me had better say his prayers.” “Good-bye, then, Joe," said Jim Bawling. “ We’re not afraid to do our duty, but we are afraid of doing foolish, useless acts. Look at tbe sea, listen to the wind, and tell me it anything but a well-manned lifeboat can live five minutes.” “ I don’t expect to come back,” Joe Belton retorted. “ I only want him to catch sight of me, and I shall be satisfied.” As he spoke he out away the davits, and leaped into the boat as it plunged into the boiling surge. The distracted men thought that the frail craft and Joe Belton arid been drawn nnder the light-ship, and they raised a spontaneous shout us they saw the determinined man pulling with all hi3 might. And then they lost Bight of him in tho trough of tbe mighty waves chasing each other in mad *• He’s a dead man,’- Pail Oxley wailed “ But what could we do ? He’d have kept his word, uni killed the first' man who,a?-3' tempted to stop him; •• And now he’s gone for ever 1 Poor Joel” But no; the man bent on so strange an errand appeared to have a charmed life. Tue boat reda the waves like a swan, and nearer and nearer it drew to the spur-with its wretched burden of humanity, hoping against hope, and orying in heartrending ac cents for help when it saemed no earthly help could come. When within a few yards of the drowning man, Joe Baiton turned tho blades of the oira flat to tho water and leaned over the gunwale. “ Caleb Itoz?,” he shouted, in a voioe that rose uuove the wind and the turbulent ocean, “You know me. Liok at me. I am Joe Belton, the man whose heart you killed— the man whose better nature you slew with your lying tongue. I have come here to teo you die. Bo your bear? I have oome to see you die.” Bize was a powerful, muscular man, but his strength was nearly spent. He heard Joe Biilton’u terrible words, and a cry of anguish burst from bis lips; yot iu that agony of despair he made one more tffart, deserted tbe tpar, and alutched frantically at the boat. “ Taka your hands away, or I will beat them off 1’’ Joe Belton yelled. “ Bo you re member the lie you uttered? You told Nancy that I was only fooling with her, and that you had seen ms in the eompuny of my real sweetheart at Portsmouth. Away with yon 1 Down, down,and drown like a dog T’ “ Joe 1 Joe I” shrieked the frantic man, “ if yon beat me off it wii] be murder. If you have no pity on me, think of my wife and children. Think how they will jnisi mo, the bread winner. Think how they lov< me, and how 1 love them. Oh, it is hard t die like this, almost in sight cf home, 1 God takes my life, He gave it; but you an only a man, and not my judge. Hate me a* yon will, Joe, but give ms a chance, ant earn the thanks and prayers of innocent ehildren who have done you no harm—little children who are ignorant that their father ever wronged you in thought or deed.” The very storm seemed to hush its voice that tho words of this appeal might be heard, and the man who had risked his life to see j his enemy die before his eyes became as a little child himself. With the strength of a giant he pulled Caleb Itazs into the boat, just as a shcu; from the men crowded in the rigging of the wreck announced that the lifeboat was coming. He swooned, and the boat floated away at the mercy of the waves, ana the last flash of lightning—for the storm clouds were now rolling away—showed it indistinctly plung- i ing shorewards, occupied apparently by one man, rowing as lor dear life; but bidden from view was another man, who lay in-' animate, helpless, and a mere mass ol huddled clothing. There was a rush to the Sailors! Home at ShelUea, for the lifeboatmen had done their duty nobly, and out of all tbs, crew of the' vessel, dow a wreck cn the Middlestrand saudB, only one man was missing— Csl=b R:;za Tho story about Joe Belton soon got afloat. It was told and retold, with maDy alterations and additions, i.nl everybody was making up his and her mind that Joe had first had his revenge, and thrown bimself into the ocean afterwards, when, cool R3 b cucumber, J’oe -Belton himself marched into the Sailors’ •'* 1 want to see the chaplain,” ho said. “ I I have something particular to say to him. If any, of you want a.j >b, you can take a | trolly and bring along a boat that belongs to ■the lightshipJrom Hove." 1" The chaplain lost no time in interviewing his unexpected visitor, and Jearnod from him that Caleb It zo was not only-.safe, but by that time bring attended to by his own wife at home. , . 1 111 oouldo’t face her,” J ie Belton Eaid," so I sent him on by soma fiihermcu. Wisea I think, sir, ho?/ narrowly I escaped having the blood of a man on my hands, I feel faint and giddy- I will sit down a moment, if you please, sir." •• Belton,” ' replied the chaplain, “you j played two parts, but the better one pre vailed. Bury the pust,- and remember that | we uio tils are ever weak. To err is human; I to forgive divine.” There are peoplo down Have way who will point yea out an old man wandering on the beach, with little children hovering round him, and tell you that t ho father of the youngsters is 11 sta, and that he who watches i them with so much tenderness lives in a [ c ittage on the cliff,-but comes down every day for a walk with.tjfe little ones. And his name is Joe llclton, who looks upon his act of revenge as the best oao ho over performed iu his life. 