Local and General , ; Official intimation of the appointment of Mr Eli Daniels to the position of over seer': of , the Invalid Depot in succession to the late Mr M'Connell baa been received,. ;the appointment dating from March 1. Mr .'?'., Daniels has been acting overseer since the latter part of 1891, and during his re jime ?has been, instrumental in effecting many',, recognised improvements. ... ' ? . The great M'Meckan will case was de- ' '. cided in Melbourne on- 8th , insfc in favour of the plaintiff, tbe appeal against the decision of the jury being dismissed by , the 'Full , Court. The question was whether' the late Captain M'Meckan, who left ^8130,000, was of sound mind when he made a will on June 1, 1888, in which he favoured the Mackie family fthe children of a sister) to the' exclusion. of other rela tives.,, The Chief Justice, who heard the case, informed the Full Court ,that in his , opinion , ' the j jury were, . wrong, but that court, after duo, consideration, could not come to the conclusion that there .was not . sufficient evidence upon which reasonable men could find that there was mental in capacity.. ,.. ' , .. ' ?? „? ? ,., In another xolumn will be found an advertisement from Messrs Walcb. Bros., arid Birchall,: calling attention to. their large stock of books, musical instruments, etc. .It. is interesting to learn that the. business, of the Hobart house, Messrs J. 'Wjalch and'Sons.'was founded in, 1825 by Mr iWiiliani Tegg, of London, .who sold out ,toithe late Major Waloh in the forties. The Launcoston house was also established by Mr Tegg.^sbme, years, later ; it, was after wardB purchased by Mr Alexander.Du.thie, who sold it to Messrs J..T7alch arid Sons in December, 1857,. and waa re-opened in i January, ,1858, with Mr A. W-- Birchall. as .'manager,. In July; 18B7,. Mr Birchall was admitted as '. a . partner in the Lavnceston -firm',, which thenceforth was. styled Walch. . Brothers and Birchall, ',. and he has con tinued its management ever since.,. If the Hobart house has not actually, attained its . jubilee it cannot be far oil. . , ' ? 'Wb have received from the ^office , of the . Victorian. 'Govern ment statist' (Mr H. H. Hay ter) a. table of the census of that colony as| taken on March 5, 1891, which' shows that the total population of all ages, in ,cluding,Chine3o and aborigines, is 1,140, 405 — bales'698,4,14, and females 641,99.1. '. The Chinese .population, including pure and half-caste,: of All ages, is 9377— males 8772, and females 605 ; while, the pure and half-, caste ' aborigines number 565— »ales 325, and females 240.,, -,. 1/ ,. ' ;. : ;' Thb usual monthly meeting of the cpiin cilbf the St. John Ambulance. Association was held in the Mayor's robm,| Town Hall, ' ; .'on1 Friday, March 11. '.' ?reBent :r-Mra ',' ? Edgell, Miss Home, and Misa: Duaoan, hon. ; .secretary, Messrs Fyeb.. and ^Birohall, and ' . ,'Mr W. Barnes. in! ,,th'e chair. , Ah. kp'plogy ','' was received from Miss Hales. The secre tary;.', reported that the mechanics' class, under ?;Dr.r,PikelV,had .again b'egun.wbrk ; ; ^that store's r.had been.. received 'from Melr . j bourne and London, and that the' certifi cates for the -nursing and: first aid classes [, in : Hobart. ;had) been .received;, that a ' . nursing, class; wasVabptit, to begin ''wprfc at l'.Campbell!T6Vrn,.-I)rV'Toff(; being appointed .lecture?., ?.'. ... , ? ' ' . . '...'. '??? THE; picturesque T uttie suburb ot Tre ivallyn is making: rapid strides in, thie way , of j progress, -and J although ita .residents, .cannot ibe said to 'revel in the delights :inci- - 'dental on the i possession of, ' three, acres \ ?and'.a^cow,' .yet an acre and. an orchard Ipos3es8es undoubted charms in- thefeyes of lmanyi;::jDuring,.tb.e,last. two or three years ?' building: ,jhas-, progressed, steadily, but- ; lately jit has itaken-. quite a spurt, and nearly 1 ajdoseni houses- arer in' course of ..erection. ., ?On jTrevallyn- road .Mr Dalley has .started ?the- erection of : a fine.brick; villa, while two more , handsome cottages -will- occupy the frontage of-the allotment-' on.thq. lower ... road.- 'Mr.J^C-'owJing-.is just completing a spacious residence for, Mr J. Bain on the . satne, road, and Mr Gurr has made, a com iuiencement with, another on one of the . ,-.. blocks 'lately- submitted for sale by .Mr TV. , .Hartnoll. On ithei south ?? road tv?o neat 1 cottaces f or Mr Gow are approachins: com pletion, while a little further up the hill Mr Jones: has .another of the same sort in hand, for;himself. ;, On the far- side of the creek.-ra::roomy, ,yiila for Mr E. Archer?is ^nearly ready 'for oqcvipation, while another for Mr Gortzel is underway a little further down,- and-, in the vicinity of the small bridge across , the : creek. the foundations of two or three more are visible. A fresh . survey, of . allotments -has .been madei further up the hill, and a number of them have found purchasers, access being provided . by I the; formation of a new road that joins ' the '(Terrace '? near,: Mr Lewis's residence. Atithe head of; the. creek Messrs Higgs,... pereuct Jils, have cleared -and. fenced in . , several acres with. a. view of establishing an . orchard. The local town ..board with the Parliamentary , vote of ^6150 passed lately, haye-.men employed -taking off a portion of the curve on; the road rising from the . bridge.; , (This -is a most necessary; piece of wprk, for the, narrowness of- the roadway at this .spot, and; the cur ve-and incliae make it dangerous for:itwo vehicles meeting. The GityGouncilbave just completed the sub stitution io£-a seven inch water main for the four .inch 'pipe.; that used to afford the . residents but an intermittent supply of the much needed fluid, arid- the pipes that have be?n- .taken-, up -rare being used for the . extension of the supply further northward ? . The growth of the suburb has induced the, .'. Launceston: OmmbuB Company to start a .' line .' of 'buses from Lyttletoa-street to the . - , top| roadia' boon that, judging' by the way the - , - venture is , being .? patronised,.. \a evidently, much appreciated- 'by, the resi- ;, ., dentsirofrthe 'Corniah' suburb.', . ?'.;.. ? THREE persons who were driving into the city from Lilydale on Saturday morn- ing sustained somewhat serious injuries, on the George Town. road. The party con sisted of Mr C. Granville, Mrs Sommerfield, of the Junction Hotel, and a Mr Kettle. When the cart had passed the Retreat Hotel some object caused the horse to shy and jump to the side of the road, and the vehicle capsized on the embankment. Mr Granville was thrown on his head, and im mediately rendered unconscious. Mrs Sommerfield sustained bruises on the body, and her face received several cuts. Mr Kettle, who fell on his back, met with a severe shock to the system, but otherwise he was unhurt. The pagnal was a good deal damaged and the horse, a quiet one, was much cut and bruised. Mr Granville and Mrs Sommerfleld were conveyed to the Cornwall Hotel, where their injuries were attended to. The Supreme Court at Brisbane has been having some lively times during the hearing of the "great mortgage cases " against Sir Thomas M'Ilwraith, Sir Arthur Palmer, and others. Sir Arthur was ex amined last week and from the beginning the dialogue was of a very lively character. The witness abused the plaintiffs as curs, and quarrelled with the examining counsel. Ottr Melboum ecablegrams announce the arrest of Ernest Backer on a^charge of larceny as a bail«e of J83,'the property of Mr Pike,' of Hobart. The Argus says :— ' The information upon which Backer was ar rested' ?was, contained in a telegram re ' , ceived the previous evening from the chief of police in Tasmania. It is alleged that Backer, who was managing a debtcollect ing' agency of 400 ^subscribers, left Hobart about three weeks ago.' Thk Bertrand-Kirider case.— Many people will Btill remember, the incidents of this domestic tragedy, which at the time of its occurrence caused almost as much excite ment as the^ Windsor murder 'does, to-day. Mrg Kinder, who' escaped punishment, has since died,; bub Bertrand; her paramour, who narrowly escaped the gallows, is still liviDg.' 'A few days a'pfb, during the Bitting of the',N'ew South. Wales Assembly, Mr \- Wright^' one of the members, asked the Minister of Justice :— 1. Is it a fact that a prisoner named Bertrand has been in gaol 26 years ? 2. ,What is the prisoner's age, his prison record, and his present state of health? '3. Is it his intention to confine -this man in gaol for the remainder of his life'?,; 4. If n6t,.wilV he give this matter Us prompt /.attention, with aview to the prisoner's eprly release ? Mr Seeanswered :' —The followiag answer have been sup plied by my' hon. colleague, the Minister of Justice :— -3. Yes. 2. Hisage is 59; his pris'on record 4s ' a good one ; he has been in hospital several months, and the visiting surgeon reports that he is in a bad state of ' health. ,'3 aad 4. The question of tha ?prisoner's ' release hap been' considered by ?the Cabinet in previous Administrations, and it is my, intention to' bring it' before ihe .Cabinet' at an early date. '\ : , , Otjb cablegrams have, announced the death of Dr.1 S. M.Boome, at St. Zilda, Victoria. ITrom the Argus^ we learn, that an inquest was held on Friday last.' The evidence was to the effect that the deceased had' been acting as locum ttnens' for Dr. ' Davenport. He had been complaining of ?dysentery, and was advised to take 'sal volatile and laudanum, but he was uuable ?to take the latter narcotic, and substituted chlorodyne. On the eve of his death deceased retired early, after instructing the servant to send -any cullers to Dr. Power, «nd to disconnect the telephone, as he purposed taking a sleeping draught The girl, according to his instructions, went to ?call him at 8 a.m. on Thursday, when she found him lying on the bad partially dressed, bu* dead. Close by lay a morphia injector, a bottle containing morphia, a box of powder labelled antipyrene, and & bottle ? -3ontainihg admixture. Dr. Schleisinger deposed to having made a post mtrtem -examination on the body, which had decom- ' posed so rapidly as to render the deceased scarcely recognisable. There was a recent puncture on the left forearm, and all the internal organs and intestines were con gested. Death had resulted from an over dose, of morphia. The coroner, in summing up, mentioned that to judge by the bottle deceased had taken about -18 grains of morphia in a little over a week, when a couple of grains were sufficient to kill him. Dr. Davenport thereupon mentioned that he had most pr«bably used some of _the morpma on patients, as he left instructions to use it upon one or two. A- verdict of accidental poiBoning was ? 'returned. Dr. Roome was only 29 years of age, and was engaged to be married in about two months' time. ' Mb. ?¥. Bro'»:ericj:, purser o! the steamer ? Pateena, reported at the police station on Monday morning that a steerage passenger who boarded the vessel at Mel-; bourne on Saturday was missing. It appears that the absent n»an, who gave the name of Blackwobd,: was about 65 years of age, and was dressed in a light tweed trousers and brown overcoat. At 8 p.m. on Saturday he was notioed lying in his bunk and at a later hour he wasseenon deck. ; No authentic information can' be gleaned as to his subsequent movements, but it is surmised that he fell or jumped overboard. The only things belonging to him that were found on the steamer were a white belltopper with black ?? band, an. umbrella, and a black handbag. Nothing of any value was discovered in the bag, nor ?? any papers giving his Christian name or 1 ? ' other information about him. \- Ottr Latrobe correspondent writes on March 11:— An accident : of a painful nature occurred last night1 to1 a well-known celebrity named Frank Ryder, the to wn crier. A inerry- go- round was erected on a spare piece of land opposite1 the Railway Hotel, and a 'number of 'youngsters were enjoying ttiem&iilvea1; riding on- thewopden' horses aud'iri the carriage's, 'when1 Frank Eyder,1 fancying he' was a4 boy»nca more; mourited^otfe^of - -the- woodea&ordea.i; ? The miwEine':watfv'goiniS ?rou1n&'*t« good- ??''& when1 the' iron, holding the ?horse [broke and Frank fell' heavily to 'the' 'ground, 'and was dragged some distance before the machine could be stopped. He cut the roof of his mouth, skinned his hose, and sustained concussion of the brain. ;He was carried home and Dr. Payne sent for. ,The injured man is progressing as well as can be expected. — There was only one case before the Court of General Sessions to day, viz., Brewer y. Martin, money owing and interest, claim £27 16s 6d ; adjourned to Monday next, at 10 a.m. A judgment summons, Evans v. Kendall, jG3 19s 2d, was adjourned to April 8. In another judg ment summons, Thompson v. Shaw, .£1 33, an order was made to pay 10a at once and the balance within one month from date. — A: change took place in the hot weather we have been having lately last' night, when the wind veered round to the west and the temperature fell considerably, although the long wished for rain is apparently, as far off as 'ever, - ?'???'? ';- '' '? - The steamer Rotomahana,'; ' which' arrived from Melbourne Tuesday; brought the Viotorian, South Australian, Queens land, and Western Australian delegates 'to; : the intercolonial postal ?conference. The visitors .were met- upon arrival by Mr Robert Henry, Superintendent of Telegraphs,. and Mr 'T; C.Just; secretary to the conference, and driven to tha Laun ceston Hotel, where they were entertained at lunoheon, proceeding to the capital by the' express train'. The following are the- names of; the delegates: —New South 'Wales— Mr J. ' Kiddy Post mastet-GeneraV; Mr S. H'.' Lambton, Secre tary ; and Mr Q: C. Cracknellj Superinten dent of Telegraphs. Victoria — Mr J. Gavan Duffy, Postmaster- General; and Mr James Smibert, Deputy 'Postmaster-General. South Australia — Mr W. Copley/ Minister of; Post-office; and Mr C. Todd, C.M.G., Permanent Head: J'Queensland-^MriiT. TXnmaok, Postmaster-General ; and Mr J; MfDonnel, Secretary. Tasmania— Mr Bird; Postmaster-General ;' and Mr H. Boyes, Secretary. Western Australia — Mr K. A. Sholl, Postmaster-General. ' The golden wedding of the hon. Wm. Dodery and Mrs Dodery was celebrated at their country seat, Lauravilley -Longford; Tuesday. Invitations to an 'at home'- were issued, and largely responded to by a large circle of ... friends. -The elderly, bride and bridegroom' received their friendi' in the drawing-room, and after the reception the guests wandered about' the grounds to the Btrainsofan excellent band. About half past four a move Was .made to the .large dining hall at Lauraville; where a sump tuous banquet was' spread on a table most beautifully, artistically, and appropriately decorated. The toaat of the/health's of the bride and 'bridegroom was enthusiastically received, and Mr Dodery, in responding, remarked on the fact that they had lived the whole of their ? married/ 1 life; at iLong ford, and that all' their large family were alive; and further, with, one exception, a babe often days old, all the, grandchildren were alive and well.; Several ? very hand some presents were received by the. bride and bridegroom, accompanied with shoals of congratulations, letters, cards, and tele grams, lhe whole function wbb a pro-; nounced success, and evidenced the de servedly high opinion Mr and . :Mrs Dodery are held in. A Cinderella, dance was given to the grandchildren and their friends next evening. ; . ' It may not be generally known that amongst the pictures belonging, to . Mr Whitef oord, of this city, are several works by: that well-known artist the late John Glover. The finest of these is one entitled ' Borrowdale,' which is. an exquisite study of light and foliage. The. drawing is in. sepia, and waa such a favourite with the artist that he retained it in his own possession up to the time, of: his death, when it was purchased by Mr Whitefoord. A replica of this picture was painted for the Duke of Hamilton, and at the sale of the Hamilton collection five or six years ago brought the sum of .£210 (vide the Athenwum, July 16, 1876). It has been noticed that the works of Glover are. fast disappearing from Tasrrania, having been bought up for the best collections in Eng land and the adjoining colonies. As we understand Mr Whitefoord is willing to part with this picture if anything like its value should be offered, we would suggest that an effort be made to purchase it for our Art Gallery, to prevent the loss to the colony of one of Glover's chef-d'ouvres. ' At the Wesleyan Conference held in Melbourne last week the Rev. Dr. Wafckins presented the following resolutions in spired by a letter from the Capital and Labour Federation League :—l. That this conference heartily sympathises with the spirit of earnest efforts to reduce the fric tion existing , in some quarters between employers and employed. 2: That this conference is of opinion that the principle of co- operation, wisely carried out, is likely to be one valuable means towards the at tainment of the above object ; but the con-: ference is not in a position to pronounce upon the merits of any particular scheme. 3\. That this conference is persuaded that permanent harmony between employers and employed can only be brought about in all branches of business, by the principles of life and conduct as laid down in the teach ings of the New Testament.' : Tuesday evening the annual missionary celebration too'c place at the Frederick street-Primitive Church. It took the form of a tea and lecture. The tea was an excellent one, provided by the lady mem bers of the congregation, and was partaken of by about ,130 persons. It was intended that a meeting of the usual missionary character should, subsequently -have taken place, but owing to some ministers and others who were to have taken. part being unavoidably, absent, , the Rey. .0. Anthony, pastor-'of ?the''cn'urotii')-delivered i' a1 very' iiferesting lectnre on i'f-George Whitfield/S dealing with the times, life, and life work of that venerated preaoher. The chair was occupied by Mr J. B. Turner. At the usual meeting . of the Marine Board of Launceston on Tuesday it was an nounced that Mr S. Pinnington's connection with the Marine Board had terminated. Warden Sadler introduced the matter of the removal of the railway workshops to Hobart, one argument in , support of tho proposal, he said, being that vessels could go into the Hobart port at cheaper rates than prevailed at Launceston. It was his intention at a future meeting to move a resolution having for its object the reduc tion of the rates, . so that trade would not be taken from Launceston to other ports.The collections for the month of February were .£390 18a lOd, against £699 5s collected in the same month last year. Expenditure, general, .£534 143 Id ; harbour improve ments, £706 Os lldj rocks, £120 6s 6d ; total, £1861 Is 6d. . ,-,. , ,? ,. .... : 'War at ah,' which come3 to us from the authoress, is Mrs L. A. Meredith's latest, literary effort, and is published by Vincent, Brooks, Day, and Son, of London.' It is a story for young Australia,written iu the gifted .authoress's best. style. - It ij , essentially Australian, the poems , being founded upon such subjects as ' The True : Story of i a Tasmanian Apple, - 'Wattle , Birds/'iand/'.TheiGiant Beans of.Queeos land.' Each -story has an interest of its, own, and old folk as well as young , will, derive: pleasure from , perusing, Mrs. Meredith's charming book, which is embel- - liahed with photo-etched illustrations by, Mrs E. M. Boyd,Mr K. Andri, and the author, -j- ,,. ., ., , '? ... ., ...... . i ,, , ? ? Ms 'W. T. Sthad's; 'More Ghost Stories' (Review of Reviews), which is to hand from Messrs Walch, Bros, and Birchall, is in tensely interesting, reading,., telling , of dreamers and their , dreams, haunted h 3us.es, clairvoyants; and thrilling incidents in vision; world.' .: \\- .-... -.-.. ? ; ;. ' Mb Jambs M' Go wan, .Superintendent of ?Public Reserves, Wednesday forwarded to the Zoological Gardens, Melbonrne, by the steamer Coogee, .. a native dingo, two kangaroos, and a tiger. They, will be exchanged for some Victorian animals, which will probably arrive next week. . We have received private information from a correspondent at Longford which throws considerable doubt on the .identifi cation of the man who was found dead near. Young Town about a fortnight ago. It will be remembered /that, the Examiner published the full details of the finding of the ..body -and subsequent proceedings at, the inquest, when the body waa identified distinctly, sb that - of an old blaok man named, ,'Xximley or /rrimmerley. ,Uur in formant, whose reliability cannot be re proached, states , definitely that Trim merley is at the present time located in the Longford Watohhouse. . ... ?; i, ..-.'. - , The Court of Requestain its £10 juris-, diction sat on Tuesday at the Supreme Court House, Mr Commissioner Water house presiding. The greater. portion of the day was occupied' in the hearing of cases brought. by Matthew Donnelly, the late secretary of the Free Gardenera' Asso ciation, against several members ; of the order tor sums|amounting to 14s 4deach,al leged to be mpney due under partnership. The. evidence showed that . the association got into financial difficulties and the secre tary paid the bills out of his own pocket, and now sued the defendants to recoup him for the outlay. Lengthy arguments pro and con were indulged in by the legal gentlemen engaged, and the Commissioner reserved his decision in each case. ? A btthouk was current throughout the city on Wednesday that tbe body of the. miBsing man Hammond had teen dis covered in the North Esk river, tied in a bag- and cut in pieces. The police were on the ? alert' and made : enquiries - into ? the matter, but state that there was bo fouW dation for the report. ' We have received a copy of a report on the goldfields of the Kimberley district (W. A.), written by Mr Harry Page Wood ward, F.G.S., F.R.G.S. It contains a great deal of information respecting the physical ' geography of Kimberley, its geological formation, and the extent of gold-bearing country and prospects of other minerals. 