TURF JOTTINGS. Bunjfibah'a victory in tho Eo3ebill Cup has entitled him to a penalty of 101b for tho Don ei3tcr Handicap, and his weight is now lOst Sib. Volcano is now being trained, at Caulfield. ilo was an cinonsivo animn! whilst Earnahav trained him, and it in not likoly that his now trainor will do any bettor. Application was mado to tho ptnwards of tho Rcohill I'-acing Club on Monday, for a ro cp«Miiig of tho investigation into Hnrrah'3 running in th0 City and Suburban Handicap ou Thursday. The mattor was not entertained by the upward.). Lord Prix won both Soiling Kaccs at tho EoFohill meeting.- On Saturday hia victory wns reMponaiblo for a welcome addition to tho club's funds, for he waa bought in for .£120. 1'hus was tho owner called upon to pay .£101 (ho was entered for .£25) for tho pririlego of tccping him. Muriel's nnion with Trenton not prorlaning the looked for roault, the daughter of Wnahod Ashoro was put into work ugain by Joo Ilurton. However, ho was destined to havo lad luok with her, for tho lnnra wrenched Loraolf whilst galloping, aud in vtey unlikely to carry Bilk again. Tho nntnmn mooting of tlio irp.wlrnBbnry Kico Club will ba commonced on Saturday Jifit and conoludod on the following Satur day. Tho club aro fortunate in haying two Kutnrclaya for the meeting, aud the financial re»nlu should ba moru i*tisiactory on thu Tho scratching of ylr William for tho Don caster Handicap and Sydnoy Cup came »b a aurpriso to some peoplo who had baakod tho littleSii-Modrcd horso in doubles. Ho wan considered well in the Cup, and has been looked fpon as one of tho likely onea. Tho Quooua hwdt.orso, King Olaf , hw ftUo gono out of tho Eydney Cup. Mr. E. J. Boston (of Brisbane) whoao con section with such well-performed liorscs an Jintinjn and Eeahn lias mado hia name familinr In racing circlca, romoved with hia horaoa this *oek from Clifton, whoro lie has resided for lomo years, to Sir. J. P. Joat'd broodinif farm ecu Itosowood, whioh he Las lcaaod for a, wrm from tho owner. Ban Mp.yno, of Batlmrat, writes! 'With- out a donbt, Air. Jon .Onrton i' tho bost I ever Jw ai j-iving ii horso a physio ball. Ho takes ?-«- ball in tho right hand, gently opuna tho tooutli of tho horao with the loft, *nd,, proato, Tho ^present PoRtmastBr General lifts, nndor we udficu of tho Crown Solicitor, allowed tho i'-iW) o' Fkkedom to go froo through tho po»t. «? in nlcmpii will Hecuro iU prompt and ]-unctuut -lespntnh for duo year. .?ub)uihod lory Sjat nrdty morninj. down it gooa, nnd tho horao soemn to bo wondoriiifr whon Joo ia going to bogiu. Ho muet giro mo my physio for the future Italvolio and Corroio woro etrnok out of the A.J.O. Sydnoy Cup on Monday. . Among tho ponaltloa imposed (luring tho rcoout two davo' raoing at lioBuhill woro llnea of .£10 each on the jockoya V. Fioldor and Q. Cooper, for diaobodienoo of tho etartor'a orders whlio at tho poat. Already yisitora from Viotorin aro putting in anappoaranoo.nndaovoral jookoyuaroon tho road. Among tho arrivals ia Cuadin, whoao handling of Strnlhmoro in tho Au»tmluui Cup hua beou ao much disousaed. A numbor of wolahora werq ejected from tho ltosohiU J,egor rosorvo oh Saturday by raticcourao Ueteotlvo Hogn.il. In ouo oa.se a notorious wulaher'n bag, containing betting tiokota in four differout namoa, pur porting that tho 'buokmakor' ,wus regis torod by tho V.K.C., was annexed. ? Violont resistance to arrest waa mado in two in atancea, but the hand of authority prevailed. An Auckland writor says :— Tho Ifotclikiss —Onyx oolt luwbaou ohrlstouod Catapult. Tho taota in connection with tbo solorition of thin name aro that whilo Lord Oualow and tho CountoBa woro paving a farowoll rinit to 'iVelliugton Park, tlio Countosa i?aa naked to miggest a niino. nnd sho ut ouco eeleoted Catapult, buh aakod permission to think over it. Tho result waa that tho day aftor thoir dopartnro Mra. Morrin roooivod a wirn from Kussoll. Tho catsoyo and tho ancient weapon combination could not bo improved ou, aud 'by Jove!' romarked tho celebrated ntud master, ' sho will be Bold under that name.' The secretary of Briabano Tattorenll'a Club, Mr. J. O. liyruo. states that an order has been given for a supply of light hnrdlea for use at tho approaching untumu meeting at Kuglo 1'arm. Tho now hurdlca aro to bo similar to those used f-y tno V.B.O. at 1'lomiugtou, aud their introduction will doubtless bo hailed with much satisfaction by horseowuors. ' It will not bo long ere tho advantages to bo tlorivcd from the change becomo apparent, aud tho light fences aro adopted by all tho clubs, aud if, as an ollioial of tho Q.T.O. fearn, ouo of tho offecta will bo to throw -5ut altogether tho majority of tho hurdlo horses at present in training, we uliull havo reason to cougratulato ourKolvos ou tho fact that our meetings have been purged of a lot of uselesa scrubbers. ' At Eowliill on Thursday tho Nawcaatlo horso. Hurrah, waa made a very strong favorite for tho last event of tho afternoon, tho City and Suburban Handicap ; but after tho field had assembled at tho po3t ho receded in tho quotations, and Brown Boss was inado favorite. Tho race was a brilliant ouo, and Whitofoot stalling off a woll-timod rush from Brawn lfess won cleverly, wbilo Hurrah was a leng way out of it. Tho lattor's performanco waa ao peuuliar that the utowaTds at ouco called upon tho jockey for an explanation of his riding. After short consideration twolvo inontha disqualification was meted out to horso and jockey (Jas. Gougb), and tho finding was gouorally .endorsed aa a very propor courao Tho Murrnrundi club had a vory successful two days meeting lost week. Mr. Tory's Mor poth won tho Murrnrundi Handicap on tho lirst day. On t-ho second dny Mr. Baldock's Lynx won tho laying Handicap and Ladies' Purse, whilst tho Publicans' Purso foil to Mr. Wobater's Mentor, tho winner also of the Xtosodalo Haudicup. Wilson, tho rider of Keora, was disqualified for six months for suspicious riding in the Murrnrundi Handicap. Ross, tho rider of Black Lead, was thrown in the Bosodalo Handicap through coming iuto contact with a tree. He waa not seriously in jured. At tho two days' mooting of tho Ito3ohill Club on Thursday and Saturday, the Bum of £1490 waa distributed in stakes, of which Bungebah, by his victories in tho All-aged Stakes and Eosohill Cup, earned .£515 for Mr. J. Northorn. Mr. J. B. Clark'a dividend waa £210, Warpaint's win in tho Austral Handi cap aud Bocond for Camoola in the All-aged Stakes. Lord Prix credited Mr. J. Smith with .£150, and Mr. H. Chiaholm's aharo waa .£130, appropriated by Dutch Hoo in tho Granville Stakes and Welter Handicap. Other winners vrero : — Captain Sandenian,' .£90 (Clarence in tho Steeplechase) ; Mr. E. J. Thomas, .570 (Alarm Boll in tho Hurdlo Haco) : Mr. J. B Clift, .£70 (Whitefout in tho City and Subur ban Handicap); Mr. W. Kenny un, £70 (Meteorite in tho Nnraory Handicap) ; Mr. T. Ivory, £50 (Australian Light in the Corin thian Handicap); Mr. V. Dowling, £50 (Hnlono second in tho liosohill Cup): Mr. W. Kelso, £30 (Marvelette second in tho Anstrnl Handicap) ; Mr. A. N. Barnior, .£25 (Tridon tino third in tho itosehill Cup) ; Mr. T. Camp boll, £20 (Proctor third in the Auatral Handi enp) ; and P. Martineor, £10 (Molton second in tho Steeplechaso). A New Zealand writor says :— ' Two mora changes aro reported in tho Hon. G. M'Loan's ptable. Dormeur, tho son of Gorton and In dolcnco, who could Blip along for abo&6 fivo furlongs, when quito woll, pretty noarly na fast aa anything in tho country,, has boon sold privately, through Messrs. D. and J. Bacon, tho purohasor, I understand, being a Mr. Goodiaon, who ia either taking, or has taken, tho horso to Molbourne. Tho price baa not transpired, bnt roport Hxoo it at nbout £100. At anything liko that flgaro tho bnyor has a cheap horse. Proporly placed, Dormonr will win lots of rncea at tho suburban mooting. His dam, Indolence, i» by Grand Flaueur out of Soraps, who bolonga to tho Jnliet family. Sho waa brought over hero from Sj-duey in company with Cheap Jack, who ia now a covering stallion in tho goldfielda district. Tho other change referred to ia tho addition to tho stable of the yearling colt by Vanguard out of Ouida, by Tubal Cain. I saw him being walked about tho other day in company with Wolvorino'a brother, and at a cursory glanco I should say that ho is a nico sort of colt; bntlbopo to have a good look ovor him ono of thnao days, aud than will bo able to say whether I liko him as woll aa tho othor Vau guard referrod to in a previous paragraph.' By cablo wo learn tho result of tho contest for tho groat cross-country oyout of tho Eng lish racing scneon— tho Liverpool Grand National Steeplechase. Tho winner, Father O'Flynn, ia by Kutreat from Kathleen, and was trained privately. Aa a two-year-old Father O'Flynu startodon nine occasions, and Bocured ouo winning bracket, whou he carried Lord Cholmondolcy'a colora to victory in tho Wnrrington Maidon Plato of tho Livorpool July Mooting. Ho did not carry silk aa a thrco-yoar- old, but waa put to tho jumping business, and tho following season ho oar*ri«3 silk thirteen times, scoring four timea, tho Ardoruo Steoploohoao, 3 miles, at tho Tar porloy Hnnt April Kounion ; tho Opon Hnntora' fcjteoplochoso at tbo V.W.H. Hunt Mooting ; tho Open Hnntcra' Stneplcchaso, and tho Members' Plato at tho Ludlow Club October Meeting. During bin llvo-yenr-old career ho started on fifteen occasions, but wan succesaful only onco— in tlio Open Hunters' Stoeploohaao at tho V.W.H. April Mooting j and tho lastscamn, out of a dozen starts ho scoured fivo -victorioa — in tho Bndbrook Maiden Huntora' Hurdlo liaco at tho War wiok i'obmnry Jloeting, th» Maidon Huntora' Hurdlo Eano at ths Windsor 1'obrHary Maot ing, tho Huntors' Hurdlo Kaco Plato at tho Wyo Maroh Mooting; tho Open Hunters' Stooplnclione at tho Chopstow Hunt Mooting, and tho Open Huntora' Stooplechaso at.tho V.W.H. April Kounion. Cloister, who finished second, occupied a similar position in last year'a contest ; wbilo Ilex, who finishod third, baa tho 'Grand National' of 1890 to bia oredit, and ho iluithod third in last year's raca. Muriol has boon withdrawn from tho A.J.C. Donowtor Handicap and Sydnoy Cap, und Mcgaphono from the latter oreut. Vagrant saya i— ' Following qniokly on tho news of thodomisoof that groat stud horao, 'i'hrf Drummor, comoa ' intolligonoo of tlio dualh of nnothor noted Riro in tho Northern district, Tho Works, who died at Scono a few days back. Although ho had by no munnor of means dono no muoU to improvo tho thoroughbred in Anstralia as tho gallant old Knirltah . bay, Tho Work* wa» a wohdorfully nsoful horjo, and wax tho sire of many smart nagn. Hit waa by Fireworks from liarouoiis, by'BoIitrtlo, and waa purohiuiod with hia dam jiint a sooro of yearn ago in Molbonrno by Mr. Thomas Cook, of Turanvillo, whoro ho always Btood, and whoro— I think I am right in saying— ho waa tho first blood liorao used. I novor b*w Tht. AVorkK, but ho Irnn beon dascribed to me vi a boantlfnlly-shaped miimal which some noaMont provonti«l evor carrying silk. Honm yearn back ho mldorml from a Tonorul dinoflfio and waR long kept in running water ; but hix nftneUou did not pre Tcnt him from produoJiff npUndid atock, tho ;vat majority ot nWji could callop, but who woro not good stayers. Tho best of hia got woro African— who wont to India.— Labor, Bcono, Maltoso, Fancy, Starlight, Maitland, and Protection | but us a Biro of poaoouky haoks he was incomparable. Ho has loft Homo oxcol!ont youngHtura behind him, in eluding a half-brother to Vospnuia ami Gronadior, a half-sistor to Spondora, and a half-brother to Drilldool and Shanks. Tho Works was n. groat favorito with Mr. Cook mid his exoollout bead man, Mr. Percy Leo, and tho old homo did muoh to mako Turan villo tho most noted Btud in tho colony aa tho uuraory of usoful oquinoa.' T-catordny morning on tho Eandwiok traoka ware to bo soon tin Ht. Albatii team, iuclud ing Strathmoro, Zalluaki, La Tosoa and Coin, all of whioh camo ncroaa by mail train, and ure located in boxes adjacent to tho A.J.O. Hotel, Bandwlok. A special mooting of tho A.J.C. licensing committee will ho hold on Thursday afternoon to consider applications for jookoya' and 'traiuor's' licousos, requisitions for whioh must bo lodged at tho olliuo of the clu1) beforo 12 uoou on that day. The raoing pony Comowoll is advertised for auction nalo by Mr. Georgo Kisa. Comewoll ia by Cliftou, out of Zoo (a good pcrformor), and lias dono ao well of late on tho racocourso that ho may fairly bo rogarded as a ohampiou. Ho ia Ure years old, and at prosont in racing form. Anothor edition of that popular work of roforonco, 'Centaur's Iiidox/' ia to baud from the publisher, Mr. 11. P. Hnrroii, Mol bourno. It ia a bandy and trustworthy sourco of iufonnatiou with regard to tho porf ormanooa of horses ougagod in tho A.J.O. Donoastor Handicap and Sydney Cup, aud givos a lot of useful tabloa as well. Tho weights for tho minor handicaps of tho Hawkusbury Autumn Mooting will bo found in this issuo. Tho Hurdlo Kaco is hoadod by Hod Hoart with lOst 91b. The TwoYoar Old Handioap ia a good ouo, tbo top weight being Kivula, 9st 31b. Tho llailway Handi cap lias for top weight Whitofoot, Sub 91b. Alter Saturday a racing tho handicaps for tho second day's events will bo framod. Bluo Peter, who was brod by Mr. James Leo at Larraa Lake, uoar Bathursfc, in lSciU, is sHU aa gay aud freah aa a two-yeur-old, although hia summers number oneRcoroand throo. Blue Peter is by Kingston (imp.) from Bluo Boll, by Littlo John, and is theroforo brother in blood to Lady Jotte, a inaro in the Tocal stud, who is dam of Snrplico, Bando, Jottison, Tho Fifer, Ao. Tho old follow, who won tho V.R.O. St. Legwof 1S73, is doscribed as a rogular oquino Brighani Young, and ia crodited with having sired 100 foals duriug ouo season. Tho Tumut annual races woro not so woll supported by the publio as tlio merit of tho sport provided warranted. Tho ohiof handi cap on tho firat day was won by Mr. W. Yeomans' oaudidato, Striko-a-Light, All Sorts and Two Up filling tho places. Tho lattor got a turn in tho Farewell Handicap aftorwards, when Babotte filled socond plnco. Tho Autumn Handicap fell to Talwong, whilst Chamois won thoPrinco o£ Wales Stakes. The Sires' Produoo Stakes brought out a field of fivo, of which Mr. Baker's Sir Charles provod himself tho victor. ' Old Voluptuary, who won tho Livorpool Grand National Stoeplochaso so long ago as 388t, baa now descended to tho ranks of tho Helling platers, and was ono of tho throe runners . for tho Handicap StoopJocbaso nt Warwick. Though 0 to -1 waa betted on him, ho was beaten all the way by Beacon, but the latter waa objected to for going tho wrong side of a post, the protest boing sustained after an investigation, by tho Btowarda — tho Earl of Aylesford, Mr. U. Graham, and Mr. W. M. Low. Having beon awarded tho raco. Voluptuary found a neiv owner in Mr. M'Grogor for tho small sum of GSga. Aftar scroral postponements tho MooroQold management decided to hold their races on tho Canterbury Park Eacecourso, as owing to tho lato heavy rainfall the track at Moore field was not in a fit ntato to raco on with safoty. Tho part of the oourso near tho six furlong post is low-lying and a lagoon is formed closo bosido tho placo by any considor ablo fall of rain. Aa thia wator takos a long timo to run off a part of the racing track romaiu3 flooded for days togother. Largo drains wero cut some yours ago to drain tho lagoon, but have becoma ailted up and roqniro clearing out, when tho water would find an oscapo to tho bay. Mr. Petor Moore finds some difficulty, in common with tho ocoupiera of adjoining property, in getting tho roquirod work dono. Ho oxpoots it will bo dono out of a Government voto passed for improving tho locality Bomo timo ago, but as the mattor ia urgent an eacapo for tho flood waters ought to bo provided for without dolay. Thcro lately died in South Australia a notable horse, no other than old Shoot Anchor, onco ono of tho best knowu of Australian loppors, bnt who lately has been enjoying that lciauro which his good deod.i of tho past warrantod. Noarly a scoro of yoara ago— for Sheot Anchor waa pretty woll a quarter of a. century old beforo he gavo up tho ghost — tho old groy was tho property of Mr. John Brown, a farmer and miller of Ballarat, and it waa Sheet Anchor's duty to draw flour around tlio diatrict and to drag tlio agilo plough. Ono day aftor ho had had EOveral houra at tho' gamo, and was being taken home, he got away from tho ploughman, and whon followed popped over all tho fonces boforo him, en cumbered aa ho waa with his tackle, aud whon chasod by horsemen ho simply left them aa ho liked, and it was not till hunger forced him that ho onco again returned to captivity. From that day Shoot Anchor waa looked upon as a Bttcplochasor, aud indeed there havo beon few better in tho colonies, though ho had not an aristocratic pedigroe, ao far as I know. What an uuluoky horso Bridgmont is, Bays 'Vagrant.' Ho began lifo as a hacknoy about Broko, but, showing pnco,- was quickly converted into a racchorso, and taken to Sydney. Tho company there was a deal too aristocratio for tho son of Leoturor, and at hia Srst nttompfc at Nowcastlo bo was badly boateu in a Flying Handicap. Ifo thon ran a dead heat with Eyolino in tlio Soiling Raco— an nvont which nino out of ovory tcu thought ho had won— and was beatou by a head in tho run-off. At Raymond Torrauo ho managed to down Evoliue, and got through the perils of n, protest bafoly. Another objection was lodged agaiuat him nt Maitlaud, which ho also oscapod, bufcnftur ho had won at liaymond Turraco on Monday ho was onco more objoctod to, and thia timo successfully, for his ridor, P. Kounedy, had at ono timo ridden ponies, and had negleotod to havo tho dixqualilioation removod boforo ho took to Htucring big horaoa. Consequently baokora of thu unlucky Bridg ment at tho Terrace lost thoir money and also thoir homo, for he was olaimod and purchased by Mr. J. Hill, who bad at ouo timo previously possbBUOd him. Judgmont is nocessary in making up a ration for a horse, as thoro is great dilforonco in requirements and powora of assimilation. Those with largo bonoa and loona-lookiug joints generally requiro more food in propor tion to their weight than short, closely-knit, snug-looking boroc.i. The ration should be increased or decreased, aa may bo nooe.isary to keep tho animal in good. working condition. When idlo tho borno requiroa; and will ho satisfied with, much lean food than when thero i3 a largo daily expenditure of onorgy in work. If it nan bo foroseeu that' inoroaaed oxortion will ho demanded, increase the food oh regards quality, and work moderately, as being tho heat preparation for it.. As prepa ration for increased work it ia common to keep tho animal 'in tho stable novoral days, -and stuff with aa muoh food as it will out, as though strength and endurance could be bottled up, aud tbo stomach win u kind of tender to the ongiun, from which reserves of fuel or coudonsod energy could bo drawn during the trip. Tho horao bo treated is tho ono that does tho jouruoy in thn moat uiuatin tory mnunor, or breaks down under tho oxtra demand on ulcon.'tu. — EoglUh Fxbu and Uouk. Tlio track at Dauvillo, Pa. (A.) is n uniquo affair. A pornon oan Atand within n fow hun dred feat of it and not boo it. Danvillo ii nituatudiu ft basin, nnd tho mountain* horn it in on* all itldoa; Tho track is locatod on tho mountain side, and ia reaohod by a vory lino road, which winds around tho baso, gradually ascending. Tho track drops down a liill at the first turn, and the back stretch is thirty foot bolow tlio judges' stand. Tho ntrotcboH aro long, and tho turns »harp. Tho quality of soil lit bucIi that Uiroo days' heavy rain bun no oli'oot on it. It oan be uwd in an hour aftur tho heaviest rainstorm. 