AMERICAN SUMMARY 'I Hostility, exists between thetP,d<-s and Hungarians in Cleveland so bitterly that the wells in the quarter of the city where they reside were found to be poisoned lately. If Immense pressure is brought to bear on C'lnuress-for a revocation of the mining debris law. This enactment has had the effect of stopping hydraulic mining for gold everywhere in the State of California except in the northern part of the counties, and has caused immense loss to mine owners, and a decrease in the output, of gold It was passed in the interest of agriculture. The mistake of this is n w so apparent that there is but little doubt the law will be repaid. The American Indians are now beginning to assert themselves. The other day one of the leading chiefs of the Sioux sent a letter to Washington arraigning the Government for its treatment of his people, and demand- ing justice. The chief's name is While Ghost, and the document rather startled the Commissioner of Indian Affairs by the vigorous, logical, and even elegant language in which it was couched. White Ghost had discovered his Indians ever of being swindled by the local ot(on at the Reservation, and he made such a trenchant exposure of the whole affair that investiga! tion must follow. The Chicago World's Fair grounds were visited on April 7 by a series of tornadoes, which ripped and store the fancy buildings in course of erection, and scattered them on all sides. Several men were injured by the wrecks. There is great : depression in business in California and throughout the Pacific Coast. The Senate Committee on Military Affairs have reported favourably upon the proposi- tion, to establish two additional military posts on the Canadian frontier as a precaution in the case of war with Great Britain -one opposite Rouse's Point (Lake Champlain), and the other somewhere in Puget Sound. ' to A meeting of delegates from 203 labour organisations in New York was convened on April 20 to settle all past differences, and to unite in a solid body to work in harmony' in the future They have organised, capital and created the same condition' of i affairs that prevailed several years ago, when the labour movement was compact and at its best. The largest enterprise yet begun is the Arizona Canal reservoirs, in the Santa Cruz Valley. The cane will be 70 miles long find, the width 30ft. at the bottom. The work will reclaim 300,000 acres for agriculture, at a cost estimated at l,200,000dol.', which is supplied by English capital. The police department of New York, from superintendent To patrol, are now being arraigned before the grand jury of the county for loving from keepers of concert halls, gambling saloons, and houses of ill repute, blackmail that annually amounts to 10,000,000dol. European immigrants are arriving in New York on an average of 7,000 per day. , an end has been put to the murder of Jewish settlers in the Argentine by the lynching of one of the assailants.' ' 1 i An earthquake, of unusual violence occurred in California about April 10. The vibration was from north to south, and lasted about 20sec. The peninsula on which San Francisco is located experienced a smart shake, but no damage resulted. Several towns in the interior vote shattered, but no lives were lost. Consequent on the earth shocks on the Pacific Coast, many volcanoes near Lake Sulloloo and the Gulf of California became active. The country 20 miles around was illuminated. After a fierce fight in the S nate, the Chinese Exclusion Bill was defeated by a big majority. Duthie the debate the Pacific Coast, for special benefit of which the bill was intended, was mercilessly insulted by some of the speakers. 'This action probably cost the Republican Party the vote of the States. Meantime the present laws governing Chinese immigration remain in force, The Panama Canal enterprise, according to Isthmain advices up to April 27, is threatened with total collapse, the Government having removed, as previously threatened, the chain across the channel entering the canal which the canal company had placed there to prevent traffic. The company have now chained the canal itself. The canal people having sold a portion of the machinery in violation of the concessions made to them, the Government will probably annul the contract. , 