Photographic Notes. A SEPTEMBER TRIP THROUGH MONARO AND THE SOUTHERN COAST DISTRICTS. (BY HIS HONOR J UDSE DOCKER.) I.—COOMA TO THE COAST. (See illustrations on this and next page.) An exchange with a brother judge gave me an opportunity of re-visiting some pf the southern towns after an interval of some 15 years, and also of making a first acquaintance with a few locali- ties. I was accompanied by two young ladies of my family who required, or at any rate thought they required, a holiday trip to repair the dam- age resulting from hard work at school. Not- withstanding the large amount of cargo space necessarily occupied by the luggage of the pas- sengers, room was found in the buggy for a camera and four dozen dry plates, for we thought we might beguile the tedium of the long journeys by looking out for and capturing "bits" of scenery as we drove through the picturesque localities. Our buggy was the "desert ship " which has borne me for more miles over the western plains than a mail steamer would, had I the good fortune to make a trip in her to Europe; and was now to try its seldom-used brake-power down the steep grades of the interminable moun- tains of the coast. But my faithful roans, hard laborers on the roads for ten years, exhausted by floundering through the bottomless mud of the Coonamble plains, were replaced by a pair of energetic young browns who had yet to establish their characters for Bteady work. We started by train for Cooma on a bright spring morning at the end of August. Through certain blundering of officials—an evil augury as to our luck on the journey, which fortunately was not . fulfilled-the buggy with the luggage therein, containing the young ladies* " Sunday, best," was left behind, and in spite of assurances that it should follow by the next train, and he in time to go with us from Goulburn to Cooma, did not turn up till the evening of the second day after. I need not describe the scenery of the Southern line as seen from the carriage windows; everything was looking its best, robed in young spring costume. Arrived at Goulburn we spent the afternoon in exploring the cathedral city, and first the beautiful cathe- dral itself, which has been the occasion of the manifestation of feeling the reverse of beautiful or Christian. We then crossed the river and climbed a hill, called the Governor's Hill, crowned with rocks, from whence we obtained a good bird's eye view of the town and surrounding country ; but as the camera was packed up ho photographs were taken. About 3 in the morning we resumed the rail- way journey, and awoke in time to see the town of Queanbeyan beneath us as we climbed the oppo- site range, the fog opening for a minute to display the view in the early morning light, then closing in again denser than ever. In vain did we watch for a rift while passinq Michelago in order to catch a glimpse of the Tindara Mountains. The memory of my first sight of those mountains still shines brightly over many years-a vision of loveliness-the clear sharp precipices and pin- nacles of granito rising through a mantle of snow, and the setting sun diffusing a rosy blush over all. It were worth the whole journey to enjoy a repetition of that scene, but the inexorable mist shut out the world, and only here and there the stunted white gums y learned ghost-like and dim through the shroud, or masses of miserable sheep pinched with cold, huddled together on the hill sides, and so in the cold and cheerless morning we reached the terminus at Cooma. But soon the sun vanquished the fog, and in the fresh bracing air we climbed the rocky cone which divides the two branches of the town, and marked out points for future operations. In the afternoon we again went for a long stiff climb up the range which rises between Cooma and the valley of the Murrumbidgee, hoping to get a view of the Snowy Mountains. We did get a glimpse of them, I believe, in the far distance, though we could not be certain that it was not a bank of cloud on the horizon lighted by the westering sun.. Afterwards driving out three or four miles on the road towards tho Snowy River, we got a good sight of them. There is plenty of scenery about Cooma and the neighborhood to make pretty pictures, though, perhaps, nothing very striking. However, official duties gave no opportunity for getting any, till just before our start for Bombala, when we hur- ried up to the rocks, and I exposed No. 1 plate —the first after a break of more than 20 years in my practice of the black art. The point of view selected is like the second chosen by Balak for Balaam on Mount Pisgah, for we see only the "utmost part" of the town, the railway station in the distance. A second view looking in the oppo- site direction over "Hainestown" was taken, but is not reproduced, the negative having met with an accident. We started on the afternoon of a fresh bright day, and reached Nimitybelle, 22 miles, the same evening. The road rises for some miles over bare undulating downs of trap formation ; the scanty grass had scarcely felt the quickening breath of spring, and wss still-brown from frost. For some miles there was nothing of the picturesque to be seen, except, perhaps, the little circular lakelets which are set here and there in the hollows. But about 10 miles from Cooma we turned off the road to the left, and visited the "soda water" spring at Rock Flat, crossing a rapid and full-flowing creek. Here fine masses of limestone rock rise in pyramidal form from the plain, and at the end of this formation the mineral water wells up strongly. The only change I noticed since I visited it many years ago was that a small iron building has been erected close by, and a tank has been sunk in the spring, into which the water rises through a pipe. We sampled the soda, but decided that the mixture with raspberry syrup was not very palatable, the chalybeate flavor being rather strong. Whisky might have better disguised it, but unfortunately I had not the wherewithal for the experi- ment. Sitting there I recalled an absurd contretemps which befell me on the occasion of my former visit. We intended securing, some bottles of the water to take to Sydney for analy- sis, so before starting from Cooma we had col- 1\. Cooma, from "The Rocks." lected a number of bottles and carefully selected the requisite corks, the packet of which latter I put in my coat pocket. Having arrived at the spring, the basket of bottles was produced from the buggy ; but, to my dismay, the corks were missing, and I remembered that just before start- ing, owing to a change in the weather, I had changed my coat, forgetting altogether about the corks in the pocket. We could only console our- selves by drinking as much as we could on the spot. From the way in which the ground is marked by the overflow of the water, evidently it contains a large proportion of iron, which might impart valuable medicinal, proper- ties to it, but which certainly does not improve it as a beverage. It seems much the same as the water of the Ballymore artesian well, near Dubbo, but does not rise with anything like the same force. Here I took a photo of the rocks and adja- cent landscape. This turned out one of my best negatives, but unfortunately it met with a fatal accident before a single print had been obtained from it. It had been laid out ready for printing when another descended upon it cornerwise, and shivered it into a hundred fragments. Compeller of the sun, and god of art, Phœbus ! why not avert the fatal dart? Ill-starred plate ! In fact, very much so. Alas ! thus early perish The ones that we most cherish. Shortly, after leaving Rock Flat we entered a thinly timbered country, principally stunted white gum, and there is not much change in the appearance of the country for the rest of the way to Nimitybelle. The sharp evening air told us that the situation of this village is an elevated one, and we enjoyed the blazing fire that wel- comed us. From the upper windows of the hotel we could again see the far-off Snowy Range. We were told that a fine view of it could be obtained from a neighboring hill, but we had no time to make the ascent, and contented ourselves 2\. At the Foot of "Big Jack"—Road Party's Camp. in the morning, while the horses were being harnessed, with going to the nearest look-out whence we could trace the Snowy Mountains gleaming in the morning sun for a considerable distance. The 34 miles of road to Bombala traverse a rather hilly region, mostly timbered, with ex- panses of black soil downs in places. We crossed the Bombala River by a high bridge at Bibben- luke, a village eight miles from Bombala, and again twice on entering the town, the first time by a ford just crossable, the second by a bridge of doubtful stability, uniting the town which spreads on both sides of the river. No photographs were taken on the way though I afterwards regretted that I had not secured a group of fine eucalypts of a species locally known, I believe, as "Sally," under which we had our picnic lunch. Bombala is prettily situated, but stormy weather forbade any photography. On the second morning after our arrival we started on our way to the coast. The weather had now recovered its sunny temper, and the drive was most exhilarating as we fol- lowed generally the course of the Coolumbooka Rivulet, ascending gradually towards the coast range. The village of Cathcart was passed 10 miles out, and a couple of miles further on our route diverged from the main road which de- scends the famous Tantawanglo Mountain to Candelo and Bega, while our destina- tion was Eden, via Pambula. Turning therefore to the right we crossed some level country for about three miles, and then ascending a low gap we came suddenly upon a great gulf, into which we had to drop some 2000ft. The old road is very steep, but a new one with tolerably uniform grades makes the descent in about four miles. This new road had been blocked up by landslips after the recent heavy rains ; but learn- ing that it had been sufficiently cleared, and sending our escort ahead to give timely warning, we ventured upon it. It is a good piece of engi- neering work, but in its then state required steady nerves and a good brake to get down with safety. First a steep downward plunge, and then we curved away to the left, doubling back sharply at the heads of gullies, wheeling round projecting spurs, where the road would apparently end in space, ever downwards, a wall of rock on one hand and an unfenced precipice on the other. Here and there were the roadmen busily engaged in clear- ing away the huge boulders that had rolled down and, still left scarcely space to squeeze past, or making up embankments where the new soil had been carried away by the mountain torrents. No time to stop for any scenery, scarcely could even a glance be spared from the dangers of the road. But in half, an hour we were safely at the bottom of "Big Jack," where the road crosses the clear, sparkling stream which develops into the Towamba River, and where the road party had established their camp. Having come some 19 miles, we determined to camp ourselves for lunch and take some views, as it is a pretty spot. Many of the trees and bushes were wreathed with masses of white clematis. We expose three plates, all of which turned out well, and it was difficult to select the one for reproduction. On resum- ing, our journey, we ascended the opposite slope with the object of getting above the rocky gorge of the stream, and soon emerged in the valley, where the picturesque village of Rocky Hall is situated. Several good views could be obtained here, but as only one more plate was available foor the day's work, they were passed by. We could not resist, however, the cross- ing of the Rocky Hall Creek, and decided that we must have that whatever we lost during the rest of the afternoon. Following the Towamba River for some distance through more open country, we crossed it by a bridge, and then turned away to the left over hills, following Mada- gah Creek, to Wyndham, where we stayed the night. Having arrived, we went for our usual stroll and climbed a mountain close at hand, whence we got a good panorama of the surround- ing country, which is very wild and broken. We could look back on the course we had come, and before us was the rocky wall in which the new silver mines are situated. The next morning we proceeded on our way towards Pambula, crossing the tributaries of the Towamba River and then the watershed between that and the Pambula rivulet, which we followed down. While at Wyndham we heard a good deal about the Whipstick silver mines, and after going about three miles we saw signs of the rush, pegs, and tents, and even wooden buildings being erected on each side of the road, in dense forest, for we had now entered the great coastal forest. Every turn in the road gave a fresh pic- ture, till at last we stopped and photographed one "bit," the head of Whipstick Creek, looking in each direction. One of them is reproduced, and is a fair illustration of the forest country, through many a mile of which we afterwards travelled. Till now the morning had been cloud- less, but soon after a sudden storm rolled up and put a stop to photography for the rest of the day, to our great regret, for we passed through some beautiful scenery. We had to content our- selves with admiring the wonderful variety of foliage and flowers, for this is the home of the wattle and other flowering undergrowth ; and as we got lower we came on to sandstone country with bright-flowered epacris, and many other flowers to be found, in the neighborhood of Sydney, all glittering with the—to them—wel- come shower bath. A pause in the rain enabled us to inspect one of the quartz-crushing mills be- longing to the Pambula gold mines. But another shower corning on we were glad to take shelter, for lunch, at the "Roan Horse," on the opposite side of the valley to Pambula, where we were welcomed by the host as an old acquaintance from the west. 3\. Rocky Hall Creek. 4\. Whipstick Creek——Fern-getting. 