CORRESP ond eng e. r We do not neoessarily identify ourselves with the opinions expressed by our correspondents,] PROFESSIONAL SINGING AX THE welsh Eisteddfod. To the Editor of the Advertiser. Sir,—Re the correspondence in your issue o£ the 18th inst. by Mr J. Roberts, con ductor of the Cosmopolitan Choir, artent tho protest against the Cambrian" Choral Union, permit me to state, in the hrat place,- that so far as the Eisteddfod Assembly is con cerned we should not have troubled-you with a reply to the said correspondence. But, for the benefit of “the public'who support the Eisteddfod and have every right to know how the thing is managed’’—whom' Mr Roberts so feelingly and tenderly con sidered—I deem it my duty to shed a little more light on the subject, lest tho people should be in the same plight as Isaac of old, when he said, “ The voice is Jacob’s voice, but the hands are the hands of Esau.” Now, Sir,; Mr Roberts,- in the midst of other things that speak for themselves, refers to an incident to prove that “ there is a clique that runs the whole show.” That incident occurred eighteen months ago in the form of a notice that he had received at three o’clock of a meeting to be held at eight o’clock that evening; and before five o’clock, however, I was told that this meeting was postponed. Mr Roberts, of course, argues in his own sublime way as to the reasons, etc.,' and finishes off with a well-worn old sentence: “How is that for a star chamber, pro ceeding?” Probably Mr Roberts’-reference to the calling of a meeting and its postpone ment is quite right; but, as to the .conclusion. he draws, I distinctly say No. But, Sir, no' person as a rule rises above, his own level. Supposing,-for argument’s sake, we admit the conclusion, is it not a-pity'that such a moral rectiludinrrian should have “ fallen amongst thieves?,”.. But it is.a thousand times more" pitiful fhat^he'shbuld' have felt at ease, apparently,-to come and go in the midst of such “ honorable men ?—Oh, yes !” for • eighteen i months,'‘ without even the semblance of any scruple whatever. But that filthy lucre is somewhere ahead; the mighty dollar is on the board in the'not far distance. Now, Sir, as to the protest; how came it to pass ? As soon as the competi tion was over Mr John Roberts, conductor Cosmopolitan Choir, rushed up to the plat form and handed in a protest against Mr S. M. Davies’ United Choir. Will tho “people'who support tho Eisteddfod” note that this protest was not against the Cambrian Choir, of Melbourne, , but (as previously stated) against Mr S. M. Davies’ .choir—knowing, of course, that there was not a ghost of chance 03 regards Ringing to protest against... the Cambrian Choir of Melbourne., , By-ond-bye, Mr S. M. Davies appears on the sC0ne with .a well- prepared joint protest already written out,, and asked Mr John Roberts to conjointly protest against the Melbourne Choir. No sooner said than done ; he signed it; audit was duly handed in. Is it not galling then that after all the manoeuvres to find that the first prize was avvarded according to merit, and tliat Mr Roberts should be left out in the cold region of the second,prize? The com mittee met as soon as possible to consider thd joint protest, when two of' our members were appointed to meet Messrs Davies and Roberts to arrange matters re their evidence 'ill support Of their protest,'but' if possible to induce them to withdraw it altogether not, as Mr Roberts says, “ to 'appeal to the .better. Side of my nature,’’ but to their sense of honor. Failing this,'the two gentlemen who met them arranged with me as secre tary, to call'a meeting to further consider the joint'prritcst, and to give-all concerned' thefright: of: pursuing this'to some end. Messrs Davies and Roberts. were distinctly told that the committee would not accept anything as evidence but that which was in writing as to the payment received by the persons alleged to have been paid for their services which would disqualify them as to their right to bo included in the said choral competition, and hence disqualify any choir in which they were included. This was done’ on the ground that to the committee one person's word was as good as another’s; hence the necessity for the evidence to be in writing.- -Mr Roberts said, without hesi tation, that he would get that evidence—in fact was sure that it would not bo any trouble to' him to get written evidence con cerning one of the alleged trespassers from the very gentleman who had paid him at ,'Melbpurne. j Now,, wh'at:did we find at the committee meeting held at the Mechanics’ Institute, Williamstown, on tho 10th inst. ? Not a sotoP of evidence in Support of the. protest,' but the old, old,’ street-to-street:' “I was told by So-and-so” and “I heard him myself admitting so,” Yet Mr Roberts tendered a letter from the gentleman who was going to prove “ the third party was paid until lately for singing at St. Paul’s Cathedral in Melbourne,” stating that he was never,paid for.singing at that place, he being an amateur; so that the assembly could not but come .to .the just conclusion” that the protest was not supported by evi dence, and that prizes, bo. awarded as per adjudication—namely,' first prize to the Melbourne Choir, and second'to the Cosmo politan Choir.-1 Permit mo before closing, Sir, on behalf of the assembly to say’that, notwithstanding ■ the inuendoes thrown out here and there in: Mr Roberts’s letter’ as to certain persons words, etc., wo have perfect" confidence in the individual 'integrity of our members to do what is right.—On behalf of the Eisteddfod Assembly, ! I am, yours, etc., JAMES ;rees. 