Stemi. Ot iltterest. ONv of the many uses to which paper is now put that of making gas pipes. Manilla paper is cut in strips equalling in width the length of. the pipe to hbe.made. These are passed through a vessel filled with melted asphalte, and then wrapped firmly and uniformly round an iron core, until the. required thickness is attained. The pipe is t then subjected to powerfull pressure, after which the outside is strewn over with sand and the whole cooled in water. The core is then removeo, and the outside of the pipe coated with a waterproof composition. These pipes are claimed to be perfectly gastight, and are said to be much cheaper than iron pipes. Some German scientists have recently fur nished information in regard to the ages of trees. They assign to the pine tree 500 to 700 yeais as the maximum, 425 years to the silver fir, 275 years to the larch, 245 years to the red beech, 210 to the aspen, 200 to the birch, 170 to the ash, and 145 to the alder, and 130 to the cimo. The heart of the oak begins to rot at about the age of about 300 years. The holly oak alone escapes this law, it is said, and there is in existence hear Aschaflenburg, in Germany, a tree of this kind which has attained the age of 410 years. There is a cnurch in the town of Bergen, Norway, that is built entirely of paper. It can seat 1,000 persons in comfort, and has been rendered waterproof by a solution' of quicklime, curdled milk, and white of egg. C3areful scientific rsivestigation sow aot the average speed of the trausnsission of earthquake shocks is nearly 16,000 feet per second. The following warning to suicides is exhi bited in the province of Montenegro :-"All persons who take their lives are to be declared dishonourable. Their corpses are to be strung to gallowu, iti viei? of the public, for twenty-four hours. Suicide is unworthy of a 1Moiteniegris. Cod alone has power over a mIiItn's life, which ularc be sacrificed only on the battlefield, in defence of his counntry." The Chintese have an elaborate system for the interpretation of dreams. To be whipped by a god or devil they regard as extremely unlucky, while to enter a temple and see the gods moving about is considered lucky. To dream of fighting with wandering ghosts means that one will live to an old age. Salvation Armys ' expressive descriptioni of a week's work at Leeds :--"Indescrib able times: united' consecration ; six souls. Victory ! . Seals,: wlici basking, place' one of their number on guard to give the alarm in case of danger. The signal is a quick clap of the ltippers on a rock. Wild rabbits signal with their forepaws, and have regular signals and calls. An artesian .wll was some years ago sunk on the beach at Sail Buenaventura, Cali fornia, five feet from high-water mark. At a depth of about, one hundred and forty three .feet a strong flow of water was obtained, spouting thirty feet above tihe ground. Some fish were observed in the waste water, and an examination of the well revealed the fact that it was filled with young trout. They were perfectly developed, eyes arid all,.aud measured about two inches in length. Thousands of them were thrown out by each jet. The temperature of the well water is about sixty-four degrees Fahrenheit. It is believed that the fish may have come from the lead-waters of the Santa Clara River by some subterranean outlet; that stream itself is several miles distant from the well. In Turkey, twenty years ago, mien were hanged for trifles ; tradesmen who sold short weight might he nailed by the ear to their own dqorposts ; and petty thieves, as well as men who were impertinent to officials or who refused to pay their taxes twice over, were bastinadoed oni the soles of the feet. This last punishment, by the way, was light or cruel, according as the patient wasaccus tomned to go barefoot or to. spend his life in barouches. The. water- carriers, porters, street fruit-sellers, and peasants generally, whose soles were like a horn, cared little for twenty-five cuts with a bamboo; but to tradesmen, clerks, and women the stripes were excruciatingly painful, and brought weeks of lameness. The present Sultan has abolished the hastinado in the European part of his dominmons, and practically donenaway with capital punishment, cxceptfor brigand age andti for :ttempts at assassinating hiigh officials. . \hile Indian tea decreased in public use by about 3,000,000lb. in 1891, the consumlp tioe of Ceyloni tea has increased by no less than 1 l,7(100,0001b., or 48 per cent. SIi Eul aiud andr Wales 8,.979 uiles of rail i 'ay out of 9,044 miles of double lines are worked on the block system. In Scotland practically the whole of the mileage is worked on that system. In France last year there were killed 404 wolves, of which 194 were full-grown animals and 253 cubs. Theamount paid for their destruction was £1,313, at the rate of £4 for a full-prown animal and £1 12s. for a cub. A parasol, intended as a present for the Sultan of MIorocco, has a stick which is over 3\. yards long, and is gildedi and richly orna miented. .The outside of the parasol isof bright greeni silk, with ai heavy-gold fringe round it, While the inside is lined with pale straw colour. There is a curious snake (Hydraci yeti) in' South Africa that lives wholly upon birds' eggs.- It has no teeth or signs of teeth in the mouth, the whole dental aruay being located in the stomach. lWomn, asserts thatone of the many "lady litigants:' at the Law Courts was formerly a waiutress at a late coffee-house, where she devoted her nights to serving cups of coffee and her days to serving write. The silver wedding of Grieg,the composer, was celebrated ecenitly at; his home neari Berge,,, Norway. After dinner Grieg Ilayed his famous " \\\edding Procession," andutl Mhe. Grieg sang some of her husband's songs. In Russia blacd is never used for covering coffins, the cloth being a pink shade when the deceased is a child or young person, a crimsomi colour for women, and brown for widows. The American President, whose salaryhas been the subject of many comparisons, receives it in monthly instalments. On the 26th day of every month the Treasurer of the United States sends to the White House a cheque for 4,166 dollars. M. Jules Lelandy, the great Paris sugar refiner, has left what is perhaps tlhe largest individual fortune ever made in France. His wvealth is estimated at 360,000,000 francs (£14,400,000). How much of-that enormous sum was extracted from the French tax. payer in the form of sugar bounties it would be difficult to say. Signor Carlo Rota, the well-known Italian patriot, has died at Sah Pier d'Arena, near Genoa. SignorRota took a prominent part in the unsuccessful expedition against Sapri, in Calabria, which was organised in 1857 by Baron Nicotera and Count Pisaccane in the hope of ov-erthrowing the lBourbon (Gov- ern mlcnt established'at Naples. Baron Nicotera, tihe 1ini'ter of the Interior ii; the last ove-rnelltnut, was present at the atriot's bedside. Some ingenious contrivances are used by thieves. The latest looks like an ordinary walking-stick, but is so arranged that, by prsssing a spring at the handle, the ferrule will spread apartl and form a sort of spring clip that will take hold of anything that is within reach. The thing is called "the Continental lifting stick,"and is used to take goods from behind counters when.the shop magn's back is turned. As most people are aware, the barometer exhibits daily' variations. In the tropics these are so regular that the hour of the day imay be ascertained from the height of the mercury without an error of more than fifteen or seventeen minutes on the average. In Great Britain there are two- maxima, occurring from 9 to 11 a.m. and from 9 to 11 p.m., the two minima being timed from 3 to 5a.m. and from 3 to 5 p.m. But, after examining a series of observations in the Polar regions, Dr. Buchan finds that in the extreme north and south there are only one maximum and one minimum during the day. These data refer to the sea. But in the interior of the Polar continents there are also a: single maximum and minimum, though these occur at different times of the day from the ocean maximum and minimum. Superposition of the two sets of variations gives r. variation like thati ordinarily observed. A poor Quebec blacksmith declares he has discovered the " long-lost art of hardening copper." A GLAcIERt THAT MOVES 47FEET A )TEAR.- A glacier has been found in Southern California, of which there has been a tradi tion for ,many years. The Los'. Angeles I~reac?t l uitlt 'expedition.to.it vestigate, and the tradition wvas verified, for upon the upper levels of Grayback Mountain, the greatest of the San Bernardino range, a glacier one mile long and on the average 200 feet in depth was found. The icy mass, according to computations made, moves downward at the rate of 47 feet a year. The British Museum possesses a cup of almost fabulous value.. It is of gold and enamel, is adorned with subjects from the life of St. Agnes, and cost £8,000. The cup derives most of its interest and value from the fact that it was given to Charles VI. of France in 1391, by his uncle, Jean, .Duke of Berri. The cup passed afterwards into the. possession of the Kings of England, from Henry VI. to James II., who gave it, in 1605, to Don Juan Selasco, Constable, of Castile. All hopes of recovering Mr. Vanderbilt's yacht, which, it will be recollected, was recently sunk, are being given up. The yacht is sinking deeper every day in the shifting sands upon which she lies. The new dining- room which the Queen has had built at Osborne cost £20,000. This sum does not come from the nation but out of Her Majesty's privy purse. Prince Alexander of Teck is following in the footsteps of his elder brother., Princes Adolphus and Francis, and qualifying to enter the British Army. The princes are three of the cheieriest young fellows one could possibly wish to meet, being fine, man;ly, and:true types of Englishmen. One of the most curious stones in the world is found in Finland, where it occurs in many places. It is a natural barometer,mmnd actually foretells probable changes in the weather. It is called semakuir, and turns black shortly-before :an approaching rain, while in line weather it is mottled with spots of whitc. It is said that gas-light was first exhibited as a curiosity at the Boylston Museum, Bos. ton, in 18153. In 1915 there were 180 lamps in the town, and in 1880 it had 10,139 gas Sand 2,276 oil lamps. Electric lighting is inow taking the place of gas iin many locali ties m the city. Boston is now lighted by 1,447 electric lights, 8,007 gas, and 2,878 of other descriptions. Brigandage is 'cruelly carried out in the Turkish Irovince of Epirus. A Christian family had been carried off, and, not being able to raise the £5300 (Turkish) rdemanded as their ransom, the family have been massacred. There is in St. Mark's a celebrated tazza of black glass, enamelled in various colours and gold. No one quite knows its age. It is said to be more than eight hundred years old : and it is assumed that this very piece of glass was taken by the Limoges makers as their model for decoration. From a stiict intluiry into the history of art we may learn that the figure p:ainters are hardly ever able to attempt landscape p:iinting, and that, with one or two excep tions, thie great landscape painters have alwrays been able to paint figures extremely well.--Speaker. Scientists have estimnatedrl that every year a layer equal to fourteen feet of the entire surface of all oceans and othler waters is Staken up with the atmosphere in the shalpe of vapour, to fall as rain aud again flow , back into the sea. The Empress of Austria is the owuner of tIme handsomet blick pearls that exist. She used formerly to exhibit them in her hair on all State occasions. Queen Victoria has a necklace of pink pearls, which are 'con sidered the most beautiful of their kind. Baroness Gustave de Rothschild's collar of pearls, worn by her at the opera, is valued at £40,000." The most beautiful pearl i s generally supposed to be the one which the French traveller, M. Tovernier, three centuries ago sold to the Shah of Persia, and which is still in the possession of thie rulers of Persia. The price was 3,375,00h0fr. Another Eastern potentate possesses a pearl of 1,274 carats; it is qluite transparent, anud is valued at 1,000,000fr. nfie Orciental pearl is the one in the possehson of the Princess Insupoff; ahd which is fanmous for its unique colour. In the year? 1620 this pearl wats soqld by Geprgibus from-. Calais to Philip IV. of Spinu for 80,(001'ducats :'its .value is now consideredl I,125,000fr. Pope Leo XIII. has a pearl wahicli'is valued at 500,000fr.; anud the EmLpress Frederick'. botlier of thirty-two Iearls is valued at 875,000fr. THE VALUtE os TEA.--The Vice-President of the Paris Society of Pharmacy, 51. Burker, has given the mnembers thie esullt of some recemnt analyses of tea. lie considers it established that the commercial value of black tea is directly proportioned to the amount of thleine it contains; but in the case of green^ tea, hle says the counmercial value must be estimated by the quantity of of tannin. One would have lthought that, from tile point of view of tile connoisseur- of tea, those samples which contain the least proportion of tannin would be preferred. English Mechamic. The Duke of Portland, havingadded 20',000 acres to his shooting preserves, has now 1253 square miles of land reserved~for sport. There is this difference, at least, between a politician and a statesman. " A states man' is the Parliamentary cdirididrlate who gets to the head of tIhe poll :?t?d has the proudr honour of shaking hands with "' Mr. Speaker." "A politician : is his defeated opponent. A man who hires another iat 20s. a week to do work which brings in only 21s. a week is a phlilanthropist. But if he hires 2,0001) men at the same rate he has an income of £80 a week .and becomes "a tyrannical monopolist." This is the differentiation between labour and capital. An engine-driver .--,ys ,'hat men e in his business can always ji: 4, tIhe condition of their engines by ti, ..., ir 'ives hbt while rululiin g. E?ert" eugIne, whether stationary or loco- otive, has a partiular tone of its own. The engineer be.omes accustomed to that, and any departure from it at once excites a suspicion that all As not right: The engineer may not know what is the matter, he may have no car for :music, but the change in tone of his machine will be instantly perceptible, and will start him on an immediate investigation. Much of the fancifullyecut paper used by confectioners in this country is made at a a prison near.Berlin. The largest artificial stone in the world forms the base of the Bartholdi Statue of Liberty on Bedloe's Island, New York Harbour. This immense stohe was made from broken trap rock, sand, and American cement. Five hundred car-loads of sand and over 20,000 barrels.of cement were used in manufacturing the monster. Amongst the members of the present House of Coninions are 55 merchants, 57 manufactourers, 18S brewers and distillers, 1} medical men, anid 53 Army and Naval officers. Those who can be rightly termed land owners number about SO.: A Cincinnati man is reported to have eaten over 530 lemons in two months to cure rheumatism. He is now in a precarious con dition. Quite a craze-and a very interesting one -has comne'oer the French gardeners. They have suddenly begun to bend all their energies to the creation of new flowers and the acclimatisation of such as have never before been cultivated in France. Among the latter is a flower from Central America (as vet unamed in France) which changes its colour three times a day. It is white in the t'ining,1 gets ypink Tat nooh, and turns a - lovely blue when the sun is setting. 