Tho Hauntad House. This houso ia haunted : yes indeed it is! But not. by ghosts iu trailing robes of whito, With waving arms and icy touch and kiss, Who alwuys choose tho witching hour of To-wander up and down tho level floors, Aud sotno uulmppy wight’s warm blood to Then pass from jrjsion, flitting through closed My ghosts, a’til! are not such ghosts as these, No, they are visions, visions of tho past, Of dear ones who have entered into rest; They come and go, their forms no shadows east, I would embrace thorn; but ray unns have pIGBHed j Tho empty air. Ah, mo, tho dear homo life ! t It all comes back around mo us I gaze; 1 And then onco more bogino the latter strife, I livo once more my long uud lonely days. Como, friend, with mo and pass tho old house by ; Lot us go in ; there's naught to do us ill. Did you not hoar a murmur like a sigh '< Ah, look 1 tho empty rooms begin to fill 1 I boo a loved one’s face no raild and kind, Smiling, midst heavenly lights around it thrown. Do you not boo it ? Oh. your eyes aro blind I They should be led, liko miuu, by lovo alone, Tho Biuno old chairs stand whero they UBed to Tho curtains in tho soft brocze rise and fall, Tho same old clock points with a warning hand To passing hours that nevor seoui to pall; While forms of loved ones gone but ever dear With all their old timo actions puss mo by. Father and mother, yes, ihoy both aro hero. Aud there is one whoso fueo I know : His I! Ah, fade not yet, dour visions of tho past! Stay but a little while iu each old plaoo ! My blest and dear ! Too long ye eunnot lust While love for mo lights up each spirit face. Come, lot ns go ; tho night is falling fast; Tho visions and tho day uliko aro flown. I turn me back from that dear, loveditpast To face whuto’er the lututu holds, alone ! Nay, friend, seok not to shako my firm belief That dear ones wait me up at honvon’e gate. And in their arms I shall find full relief For all my weary days and desolate. I am not wrong in thin : I surely deem That heavou will hold tho iwootuess of the And a homo life, to which thiscarth’eshall Boom But poor uud barrou, shall be mine at last! —Gnlvuston N^wa.” An important discovery of dynnmile find other deadly materials ’was mado recently ininr Pnntin, by a smirch party, consisting of M. Atthnlin, examining magistrate, a police commiapary and a ccnatablo. Among tho ox plosives wero 139 dynamite cartridges, a largo quantity of fuse, and COO percussion 