TORQT?YMA..k AND THE IN QUISITION. Tbo iudgments of the Inquisition were always given in a large place, apshble of c:rnt.iuinri a great number of people, 3,000 or 4,OWU, tn the amphitheatre of which were arranged seats of different heights or degrees, ,.me for the accused, others for the tribunal of the Inlui.ition and conunelleor of the i5ingdomi. and t iwring above all the others that of the Grand Inqui-itor. In the srpace" Letween was pltsed a chair for the preacher, with ea altar by its side and a stool for the chininal who was to hear his sotenoo. The ceremony generally took place on a Sunday-on a good day good work. theaght these terrible men--commeno ing at C o'clock in the morning, and going on untol G in the evening. They took the prisonier from their dungeons, giving each ono a little voet, having leoeves tagged or weighted with iron, and tight drawers which came down to their hoels, vedt and drawers being umade of black linen striped with white. Outaide this dross they put a sanbonito, which is a sort of cloak or soapulary, which himng down in the front and at the back, after the fashion of a herald's orat, and those, who weore them . knew whit their sentence would bp before hand from the ditferentetolours of the cloaks and the" figures, etc., on them. Those who were condemned to death' had sanbe nitoes of yellow linen, with the cross of St. Andrew painted in red on them. Those who having been condemned to death, had escaped the executioner by avowing their crimes before their condemnation, wore a acapulary called samarnra, on which were embroidered flames burning downwards, such as the I'or tugouese called y9jo Rerollo, and those con demned to be burnt alive a grey samarra, on which was represented a man surrounded by flames, and devils stirring up the fire. At the end of the scapulary the victim's name and rinmo were written. They also wore pasteboard caps in the shapoof asungarloaf orctonicalmitre, garnished liberally with flames and imps, called earoclas. They were then gagged in a most painful way, so that the mouth could neither be closed nor opened, after which a breakfast of dainties was placed before them and they were ireoicallyinvited to eat. This farce being over, cach one was given a taper of yellow :wax and led out into the public square by ia familiar of the Holy tIlice, who, uinder the name of godfatler, we. obliged to nsower and be responsible for his unhappy comprinion throughout the whole grims per formancc. Thicen the proeession would start. First Iacl:rched thel l)niniheaus, carrying the huaners of St. D)ominic, having the hOnmcur of going first Irecause he was the first inqusiittor of his faith ; then came the other Ilccuisitors, the high dignitaries of the Cthurrch, the nobility, anid magistrates: these were followed by the accused, who walked one by one, with naked feet and bare heads, except the most unfortunate, who wire the pastehoard caps, cach one holding the wax tapeor in his hand. Tn the middle of the pro cession a ]arge crucifix was carried, the face of the figure on it turned towards those who had escaped death, and the back towards the others as a mark that they deserved no pity. hlaving arrived at the place where judgment was to be given, a preacher mounted the pulpit and gave a sermon tending to the conversion of the Jews and heretics, who were blasphemously reviled. Wheon the sermon wes finished, an inquisitor took'the preacher's place and called the crimlnals one after the other. The criminal called left his place, and, cenducted by an All:aide, placed himself on his knees before the inquisitor, who read his pro:ts and his sentence. When all the saentences were read, an inquisltor canme, accompanied by some priests, to those a?ho had escaped death, and ab solved. 1 them from the oxoommuni cation hich they had incurred, lgving each one a h tl stroke with a rod. This sentence of exco?unication was thought so terrible, that the oftlcerd of the Incruisltilod dared not speak tc the accused .nor show tliem the ht mark of friendship-not ,even the St - IL . a.n wllnka saldothmr4 I, t the omen they were absolved from,their ex comm" cation they might spos ato them. If amonat the number of vietimen doomed to suffer t?ore happened to be a priest, he was strippe of his cancunials, which he was all to ear toothelast, that his humiliation and de radation might be greater, nad then to remove the oil of his consecration he was subjcotCd to a most cruel and- abominable process. His lips, hands, and shaven crown were scraped with a bit of glass until they were raw and bleeding, after which he was nut with the common herd to await his final clnishment. Those whose execution had not yet been arranged, and the reconciled prisoners, who had saved their lives by recanting their faith, were now separated from those condemned to death, and while the former were conducted once more to the dreary solitude of the gloomy underground dun. geoni of the Inquisition, to drag out, sometimes, a miserable existence for long long years in those loathsome places, per ha p in the end,aftor sickening alternations of hope and fear, to finally expiate at the stake, the only refuge from torture and the rack, an imaginary crime: the others who had been condemned to sntler all the rigours of the Inquisitorial decree, at once were conducted to the place of execution, where piles of logs had been placed. Hero each victim was bound to a stake, and then the executioner asked them in what religion they wished to die. If they said they wished to die Chris tians they were merrcfidlf1i strangled before being burnt; if not--and the Jews and Ilohommodans often adhered to their re ligion with dogged courage, suffering any tortures rather than recant-they were burnt alive ! 'risonrs were o'jealously guarded from having any intercourse with the outer world, seeing no.one but the jailor, and a priest of the Rnomish faith, ignorant of the charges made against them, and in a truly desolate condition, with the fear of unknown horrors before them; for Torquemicda knew not the quality of morcy, and in the deep and impreg. nuble vaults of the Inquisitionhadhis unhappy vicetims tortured in the most horrible manner, in order to make them confess their guilt,,or at any rate that which the Inquisition wished them to confess, and the torturtes being more, in many cases,.thrin human nature could endure, no end of peoplercon tossed to crimes of which they had never even drealnt. At midnight in a gloomy dungeon, faintly lighted by flickering torchee, these flend.s, in the name of religion, tortured their 'hapless victims. "Whether man, matron. or tender virgin, they were stripped unaked and stretched upon the wooden befoh:; TVater, 'geights, firge. pnlloys, secrews - all .the'. apparatus b, whic the ainews. could be strained withobt cracking, the bones bruised without breaking, and the body recked oequisitely: without giving up its. ghost-tas now put into operation. The executioner, enveloped in a black robe from head to foot, with his eyes glaring at his victim through holes cut in the hood which muffled his face, practised sea cessively all the forms of torture which' the devilish Ingenuity of monks had invented." Tho'heavy noisome air of the dungeons re, sounded with the cries and groans of the miserable wretches, who in those medi tral days thought they would lose their chance of heaven, peril their souls, if they recanted the faith in which they hadn'bene born and firmly believed, and were torn by cruel and horrible pains of both mind and body. But what cared Tor quemada and hisbloodhounds for that ? They were lieretics, dogs of Jews, and theymust suffer, in thattheydid not belongtotheHoly Church of Rome. So they were stretehed on the rack, until their strained joints were like to crack, and burst asuander; they were tied with the soles of their bare feet within a few inches of a blazing fire-a foretaste of .that cruel death at the stake 'to which .o many were to come at last; they were suspended from the oeiling by ther hands, 'whitch were cased in iron gloves so tightty screwed that the victim' fingers were oroseed and bruised;, they wer' placed on frames, head downwards and scourged till the blopd,'ran ;i theyhad piecs of their fesh pinched away with red ,-ot lrones their toe. and. finger msallass t rn, off; their teeth dragged out;.thsy were forced into. rmachines tihat pressed the Imke up to the chin,' bent the head down on the breas? , and crmped them in a moat paiful hshiob ;.hey were s?eapded by hfeirp hooka' drivea in udedr the oulod.r-b ldes; 1ey Waere" nearly tirn asaunder by roep and plley; they were prodded with red?hot needlas 'all over the body sad" Itmhs; and a ,refinement of torture which Torqnemsda often ordered, was to have a cloth tied over the nose and mouth of the viotln, and a monk, who sat beside, kept dropping water on the cloth, which must have produced a most painful sense of autno cation. Torquemada, in 1408, the author of so much woe and misery, the object of such bitter hatred, died peaceably in his bed! 1, For the advancement of the faith all means are lawfuL" If this were not, it sho,dd have been his motto. 4" The convictions of tToriquemada," says Xt. Rosseuw-Saint Ililajre, "were sincere, one cannot doubt, when one examines his life; but, with what astonishment, mixed with horror, does one view this life given up entirely to doing ill, with the same ardour and perseverance that others do good? His name remains for all time detested and abhorred amongst men. But his evil work; unhappily, is not dead wit h him. During moro than three cen taries the Inquiition ground down Spalo, and'the country yet bears its impress." 