CURRENT. TOPICS. Not frequently does it happen that the author of an important book has tho privilcgo of defending his own work before tho public have been able to read it. Owing, uuwvVLif tu iiiL puiButbiuiiuB uiiu prussiQ request of an interviewer from one of tho morning papers such an opportunity has been afforded to Sir Henry Parkes ; and though it must have gono greatly against his grain to vindicate himself and his hiBtory against the attacks of English critics, he has per formed the duty of apologist with character istic modesty and self-denial. His antago nists, it seems, have not even done him tho justice to cite the title of his book correctly. It isnot " Fifty Years of Australian History," but "Fifty Years in the Making of Australian History." Tho difference is important, becauso, as he mado tho history, tho record of fifty years must necessarily be a record of his own actions, with such referonco to tho labors of others as may servo to bring his own sorviccs into special prominence. Men and events, in effect, compose the background which brings into high relief the great figure of tho hero. This is perfectly legitimate scenic effect; Mao- aulay did the samo thing for William III., and Froude for Henry VIII., why should not Sir Henry Parkes, in default of anybody else, perform a similar sorvico for himself ? In tho interview with tue xiiijituiiAru reporter air henry nas been careful to lay great stress upon his action in regard to the wretched lunatio O'Farrell, with a view to defending bis own reputntion. He says nothing, however, about the Kiama ghost, though, doubtless, tho book itself will not be silent as to the eminent publio services he rendered in connection with that apparition. He adheres to his statement that Mr. G. H. Reid is aptly described as "fluent as a waterspout after rain," and one can understand that a bosom friend of Lord Tennyson could scarcely refrain from such an exquisitely poetical form of expression. With regard to Mr, Dalley, however, the historian deems it wise to be more particular, for the .topio is daDgerous. Wo have, therefore, the dis- claimer that the sneer was intonded for tho deceased statesman, and tho insertion of a kindly lottorfrom Mr. Dalley to Sir Henry containing a "God bless you" from that warm-hearted gentleman. Wo shall see for ourselves before long what this wonderful autobiography contains, and meanwhile tho interview may be read as "a postscript whieh ought to have been a preface." J.he people of Ireland have a speoial venera tion for the soil of that saored isle, but we never hoard of their charging a duty upon exports of it. Victorians havo a still higher opinion of their own dirt, and valuo it at half-a-crown a load. Tho tariff makcB no provision for a duty of t'.ia kind, but that is of little cousequcnce. The Lands Department, as tho special custodian of Viotorian earth, and in view, possibly, of there being but a vory small quantity of it available, objoots strongly to the colony being carted away pieoemcal, especially as no less than 60 tons were required to con struct a " pitch " for tho Criokot Association at Moore Dark. Why this particular material was required is not at all clear, because there must be equally good earth procurable in our own territory, whiab only requires to bo lookod for. But, probably, in oxtremo jealousy of the position of the southern colony, its authorities were hurt at the idea that any portion of its soil should bo run over and trodden under foot by New Sonth Wales cricketers, and havo therefore absolutely forbidden its export. It may bo hoped that they will be consistent, and insist in future that all persons who propose leaving for this colony shall wash themselves carefully before crossing the border, so as to render it impossible for them to bring away any portion of tho- soil of Victoria with them. If tho calculations of tho German astro, nomer are correct tbis planet last night passed through tho tail of the comet. No bumps or deviations from tho ordinary course of events occurred, and the earth remains unconscious of the wonderful event whieh was confidently predicted. There are even sceptical people to be found who deny that anything of tho kind happened, and who pooh-pooh the whole affair. Yet half a century ago there would havo been persons who would have waited up all night ex pecting tho end of the world, and ex periencing what they call a religious revival. By tho credulous spirit of that age the very thunderstorm which ocourrcd early on Monday morning would have been regarded as tho precursor of the dissolution of all things and a proof of tho fulfilment of prophecy. But people havo hardened thoir hearts nowadays, and are specially unbe- lieving as to comets. Professor Tyndall indeod in one of his books went eo far as to state eeriously that the tail of any comet could be put in an ordinary high-crowned hat ; but this is going too far in tho other direction, and evidently follows tho story of tho Fisherman and tho Geni in tho Arabian Nights. What tho appear ance of tho aky would bo if tho earth really passed through a cloud of luminouB vapor no ono can say, as the German philosopher's experiment has not come off. Now let us hope that these comets and their tails will leave us in peaco for a time. According to a telegram from Brisbane, it seems that the recent great law case will cost the parties not leas than £40,000 in legal expenses. The defendants' bill amounted to over £23,000, which the taxing officer reduced by nearly £6000, bat which some body will have to nav in tho shano nf wlmfc are pleasantly termed costs between attorney and client. Then there aro the charges of tho appeal to tho Privy Council yet to come, so that altogether this will bo a remarkably "fat" suit for tho professional gentlemen engaged. Now,- if poor men had been in volved in this litigation, what chance would they have possessed of suc ceeding? Their legal rights might have been quite as strong as those of the parties who have been able to fight the caso out, but thoy would have been utteily overwhelmed before tho costs had amounted to one-tenth of the present amount. It is a legal fiction that justico is open to every man ; there is one law for tho rich and another for the poor in practice, however beautiful tho theory of oquality may bo. But it is a very monstrous thing that men should be put to an expense of somo £20.000 in defending tlinm. selves against attacks which ono of the highest court of judicature in the colonies deolares to bo ill-grounded ; and equally painful to know that had they not been able to find tho necessary funds they would havo been compelled to. Buffer injustice. Surely here is an ample field for tho exertions of a law-reformer. 