HOUSE OF RIMMON. ABTORY OP TUB 11 BLACK COUNTRY BOUTE BTAETOBDSEinE. « :.T37 JEAN1D G WYNNE BETTANY, Author of ; AuKi-SiBdEN'aTwoLiiQAon," urn ' . . . CHAPTER XLII.— (Continue. u Miltc pardons, mygootl frioud,"suid tho foreigner. ' 1 It' Is ao dark as tho gravo, this coantry of youro. I am despair to find my way to Mr. Haokboot's." " Tho way isn't through mo," responded Air. Rimplor iratoly, and imagining for soma roaaon that no recognised tlio voice. " Wliat do you want with Mr. llackbit f I belong to that flrm." 44 Well, I am como to Wolverhampton," re plied tho foreignor confidentially, " to do some . oonjnriug performances, Thoy nro not ele vated pconio at all ; Uioy will not givo up a room but I must pay first ; and tho priutorho mast not print my hills until I do first pay him. Is this not . strange ? And I am absolutely without tbo means to pay till I havo porformed . I am without watch, and many othor things, which Monsieur thopawnbrokor is in possession of, at tbo last placo I am in; and a kind gen tleman to whom I oxplained my difficulty has told mo you aro agont for a moiioy-lcndmg Rimplor thought, 44 Hackbit wouldn't bo too pleasoa to havo Ills private address given," and wondorcd who could have douo it. 11 It would uot matter so much," tho forolgnor wont on, "but I havo au incum brance with me, in tho shape of a woman who is no longer youug, and no longer protty, who, fiko tho cherubim in your Church . prayors, continually' doth cry ' " and ho waited evi dently expecting pity on this point ; but Mr. Rimplcr only Iaugncu, 44 I goo you havo never been in a liko situation or you would not laugh. It is no matter for laughter, 1 will assure you." 44 That's all you know about it. Why don't -you get rid of tho woman ?" 44 1 have already dona so many times, but sbo has a fino instiuct, she. She comes again; -and so, if sho woro in her gravo, sbo would como again, that woman." "All right," said Rimpler; "you go up that way." vaguely indicating, "itud I'll follow you." 44 If you have no objection, I will wait for yon. It is not iuvitiDg, that road. I havo boon ovorywhero, but uovcr havo I seen any- thing liko this." "But I have on objection. You won't hurt yourself. Foreigners are always so rash." Ho bad picked up that word in tho neighbour hood. "If you do not object," said the foreigner, "you wiU bo so good as to lead ine'to a placo of Bafoty a littlo further on, whero I will remain whilo you speak with ma'om'sollc.'' . Rimplor was furious. 44 Confound you," he -flaid, 4fwlmt do you mean?" 44 Oh, I thought tho ma'cm'eello was waiting for somo one by that pioco of building." 44 It isn't for me, at all cvonts," said Rimpler, telling a lie. . 44 On, then, if it is not for you, I will toll yon, I havo spolccu with her, but sho is no chicken, sho." IUmpler w.i a thinking, 44 IIow could lio lmve found that out in tho dark?" and said so. ' "Thoro was nothing of shyness in her manner." suid tho foruiguer, "and I did gather from otuor indications—" Simpler decided that Boreas should wait it Cut that night, and wont on with tho foroiguor to Hackbit'a, whero a loan was arranged, CHAPTER LXIH.— A Costly Relief. . Tho littlo matter of business Monsieur Pelboia find to transact with Mr. Hackbit was arranged actually iu that gentleman's absonco. Keztoh bad been up at nor mother's all day, so Mr. Hackbit took tho opportunity of looking over all her belongings, imagining that ho might discover aatno preparations for flight. But ho wan disappointed. . Ho found nothing in j&e;/d all's orderly drawers and boxes but tho most uaturnl and ordinary things. Incon sistent as it must appear, ho was angry at not flhding what he bad sought, and a resolvo aamo into his mind, witnont his being per fectly conscious of it. If people put themselves in a framo of mind to do a thing, they aro pretty sure to find an opportunity, and thorn- bcItos propaxed toact. Hackbit'a opportunity camo this night. Keziah had returned in time for supper, which bad been put off owing to Mr. Rimplor'a and Mr. Hackbit'a non-appearance, oilaa and Monsieur Pelbois camo in first, and remained in the office somo time, tho foreignor going away beforo Hackbit'a return. That geutlo- man mado u great noiso in tho entrance- hall when ho did come, and to all appcarauco had been drinking again. Ho camo in Bmiling, just as ho always smiled when ho was going to anything remarkably offensive. ' 44 Wall, ltimpler," ho said sarcastically, 44 1 hepo you are enjoying ray wife's society.' ' Simpler made no roply. Keziah bit her Up, ftnd looked sngry, 44 You know tho stock sho comes of, Simpler, " lie went on, 44 One of them, whoso 8cripturo knowledgois great, said something about not gathering figs from thistles. I wish I hid thought of that whoa I married my wife. Wo'ro all fool6 till wo learn. I took her for a saint. You know what sho is, Rimplcr. Bid you ever see a man so infernally sold ?" Keziah fixed her black oyes with wrathful intensity ou Hackbit'a foco. 44 What do you want to goiul mo to do F" said sbo. 44 Is there anything you aro anxious to bo goadod into doing?" replied Hackbit, seating Himself in a chair, and tipping it up ou tho faioti tegs. Koziali looked as if about to quit tho room, but bhe changed ber mind, and sat down. She would not havo dono so had sho known what would follow. , "Havo you ever heard tho story about my wife, IUmpler went on Hackbit, insolently. She bad a situation at Leamington, and mapagod to get over the medical man in at- ten don co at the houso, who was subsequently taken up on a charge of murder. Sho thou laid her traps for me, and horo I am. Anyouo might pity rae.'" 44 How daro you insult mo so!" broko out Keziah. She left tho room, followed by inso lent laughter. Sho did not appear again that night. A bed had boon propured for nor pro- parly in the aparo room, einco the night she had lain there on the baro bedstead. Hackbit wont to bed rather early, for him. Bat Mr. Itironler had no notion of going to bodr Ho had seen Keziah a few days ago place a sheet of white paper under some atones. Ho oxamincd it : nothing was written on it. Ho had sat in hU room silently for a long timo, when he heard a creaking upon thostairs. Somebody was going.dowu ; of courso.it was Keziah. H-.i waited somo timo patiently; but he did not moo hor appear outside. Ho thought to himself, if she had gone to mcot that fellow Elworthy, thoy must havo gone round to the bock of the back of tho bouse ; so he deter mined to go round and reconnoitre. Tho house was quite stilt. Ho thought ho might venture to do it. Tljo landing window lay botween the room where Keziah was now sleopiug and tho night nursery. Ho thought, if thoy woro in tho gardon behind, ho should hear as well as see from this petition. It was his habit when bo went into a new bouse to try all tho locks and all the wiudows, to learn if they , had any peculiarity of opening and shutting. This ho always manured to do in a natural manner. Con&oqueully;, he had ascertained that tho landing window would open without a sound, though bis own would not. So ho very quietly raised tho window, and put his head out. Ho cookl see nothing, it was bo dark. But then, ho argued, 44 If I cau sea nothing, tho b&inodarktiose; rcudcra mo invisible to othors, which is also something." Yes, thevo was somo ono moving below, and tbo sound of low voices, 44 I am afraid to stay In tho. same houao with him," ho hoard Keziah say. 44 Yet if I freod mveolf, and went away from him, then ho and aU the world would say it was to go to you, which I would never do, except as now." Alow voice answered, 44 la my ropulation worth morj to me than you are, Kizzy i You muBt como to mo, if you havo no much reason to fear, Aud why uot ? These laws are men's laws, and net God's. You aro mino by right. >V hat doos it matter what peopla eay ? You would go away, far from tho reach of their voices. It could uot matter to you then." t„ 'Ij no one know, I should know," was Keziah a reply, No, I will never do that. li I leave i my husband's roof, you must promise me faithfully you will never seo mo or speak to nra again." She was po earnest that sho could not but promise, But ho fclt iu his heart ho had nromisod mora than ho could perform.' In tho osttles of tho sou! it is n question of tho right of tho strongest; aud lovo for Keziah, trad desire to possess hor, wero strongor this timo WdhpoorElivorthy than any man-made laws. . who had. hoard overy word of this, felt »0 bad been having a- very good tiino ; nnd as they ceased talking, and appoared to separate, nesiowlyVgan to put down tho window. But Bomothiag happoned that mado him stop euddenl v in tho operation. Something appeared to fly at hira, and was pouriug down upon him. ale was taken so much unawares that be could tdbhel by special anaagemcat with Urmn Ward. Lock arm Cb, , pabtbhera. 8Q) not help crymg out, whoroupon ho was seized by tho throat and hair, and shaken 'about ao if ho bad been a pillow: after which ho was flung upon tho landing, aud roccivcd tho contonto of a ouckct, which nearly chocked him. . Ho could do nothing but uttor iuarlionlato ooum.1?. Nor did tho oxpefionco tormiuaie as yot. Suddanly ho felt himself being dragged, in the darkness, along tho'laiiding into hiii own room. Then a voico for tho first tunc ncco.itcd . him. It was Wilson's. '.'Take.thfit fora Jcucou, you imczk- fng cayoailroppor, "sho said ; 44 and loll anybody about it if you wish to "— -tliis in a tone that showed Silas plainly alio was ncuto enough to know ho would say nothing about it; Ho dragged himself up From tLc fiocr after u moment or two, and struck a match. His door was shut. Ho heard a wiping of something going on outside, and concluded that Wilson was - wiping up the spilt water.- IIo lit his candle, and remembered aavagolv that h<> had boon unable to utter a word or tio anything, and wished ho had tho timo over again. " " Mr. Rimplcr slowly aud with' somo 'of hii ordinary manner advanced towr.rdj too gUsj, and looked at himself, which lieeoutiiiucd todo forsomo minutes. Ilia face had assumed ito normal brick-wall expression. At length ho began: — "Itomo. 1, cravat misstug : item No. 2, black mark ouloft eyo; item No. 3, prrlions of hair missing; item No. 4, 6hirt front torn out— as near as possible," ho added ; 44 ilu;u No. o, largo lump on back of head, can't sec it, cm feel onough to mako up for that ; item No. t», a. (lroadful feeling along the vertcbr.v, from top to bottom, iudeacribabie, can't gco that cither ; itora No. 7, u largo .pioco of cutido muriu" under black eye, will ncceidt iio a picco of plnistor ; item No. 8,". ho ;oaid, aa hu began to takooiThiBolotheo, "ovoryono of iny thinga a3 wot as if I'd been uwimiuing int'iim: iiinNo. 9, can feel /anothorlump coming out over tho left oyo; itom No. 10, an infernal hcadaolic. All this to bo put on paper." Mr, Rituplor wrapjJL'd liinirclt in a r-luiket, nnd wroto down his libt of items in hla pocket- book, to bo roniomber.;d against Wilson for ever, and while he wsoie, AVilscu ha,;l cleared away all tho incas, and was unxiou.dy waiting for Keziah to como in. And now that her exertions woro over, aud that &l;:o had ha-.l the pleasuro sho had longed for, of giving it to 44 that Rimplcr," a feeling of dcpiession c.imo over her. oho had heard Keztah's voice bslow. "Thon it is true," oho thought, after all. " What a pity !" ami rdio waited and watched for Kczinu's coiuiog in. But Keziah was at that moment being persuaded never to como in any more, and sho was wavering. ? But film aud Rupert had heard tho cry, J though they had not recognised tho vuico ; aud tliey thought the hud boon ili-oovcred. Keziah had clung di'spuuicly t o Fup:vt\i arm and ho held her linnly. 44 Come a way, Ki.:.:y, my doir l:.vc, while thoro is yet time. If you go he wilt murder you, now ho has discovered. Why should you throw yoim- eli into tho jaws oi uoath at ran dom, aud ruin my life too, for ouch a villain as lio is ? What couldtho world say a''aiu3t you ? They know what ho is. Kuzy," lio pleaded, 44 you are eo bravo, and havo uarcd ao much. Como. dare tho world's opinion, and with me. I havo plenty of mouoy. I could get a practice abroad, easily. Thiufc, let lovetlocido, to whom do you owe allegiance ? To that mau, who baa douo nothing to 'caru it; or to mo, who am ready to do everylhiug for your sake ? You trusted yourself to him ; caii you uot tru3t yourself to me? Think, Ivizzy. all you have mado mo suffer. Can you imagine what my feelings must havo Leon, to come out of prison to find tho one who should have boon truo to me, though all else had failed— to find-you be longing to another ? Bo ycu not owe ine any thing, Kizzy, for loving yoii so after all this ? But you must decido now, this very moment. Someone will bo here. Ycu must decido botween him and mo." And not waiting for a reply, ho led her with his strong arm about hor, down tho garden path and out at tho gate. She had been scarcely conscious of anything but tho strength of what be said, till now that aho was moving away. Sho stopped with a now strength, and loosed his arm from about hor. "No. she said, "lean butdie. I will fo bock. Ho will think all this evil against mo. lo shall nover havo reason. Since I have lost you, my sclf-rospect is tho only thing loft to me ; and would you, who say you lovo me. rob mo of that?" Ho did not offor to tako hold of her again. A streak of light was beginning to bo visible in tho east, and the objects in tuo gardon began to be dofined. "Oh!" she said, with a ahudder, 44 it is growing daylight; another moment and it would bo loo lato for mo to go back." And even whilo sho spoko she fled away, and entered the boose, As sho went she heard a groat sob follow, and it wrung her heart. Sho hesitated one moment.' 44 Is ho worth this sacrifice," sho said to hersolf, 41 of both our live?" But oven while aho thought, a voico within hor bade her go back. Sho en tered tho house.- A tall figure intercepted her path. It was Wilson. "Oh, Miss Kiziy," sho said, calling bur .by the old familiar namo in a heart-broken kind of way, 44 1 wouldn't have believed it of you, I woaldu't." Keziah, in her old impetuous manner, flnng hor arms about Wilion, and criod upon her shoalder. 44 Bo uot judge me so harshly," sho said. u You would not if you know all." Wilson was unrelenting though crying; sho was angry witn Keziah, und as yot had no com prehension of the case. 44 1 know appearances are against mo, and I cannot make you believe in tne. But I have dono nothing so very wroug." 14 Oh, don't mako light of'it, misa. It can not bo right, whichever way you put it." 44 1 know I ought not to have met him. I never shall meet him again." 44 It's too late to mend matters now," said Wilson. 44 I'm not tho only ono osba3secn you to-night, and hasheardafl." 44 Bo you mean my husband?" aaked Keziah, faintly. " No," said" Wiloon, bitterly. 44 You might know who it is— that Rimpler. And he will toll ovorytfaing, and it will be ju3t as bad;" 44 Oh. Wilson, thero'ano pity for mo in your tono. Bo I not deserve somo pity V" 44 Yoa'vo boon drovo to it, I know. But that novor counts for much. Tho only thing as counts is that you've dono it. And oh, that 1 should havo lived to seo this day J" 44 Shall' I go and tell my husband all about it beforo Mr. Rimplcr can go to him said Koziali, in a tone that might be used in a for lorn hope. Wilson hesitated. "No." at last sho re plied, "Ithinknot, miss. His anger might bo so that ho wouldn't know whnt ho did to you, if ho beard it from yon." And Ivcziah felt that a stroughold of nr integrity had died ; for 6ho could not Eay to her husband, 44 He novcr tried to persuade me to Icavo you." Somo woraon uuyhi have said it, e7cn if untrue ; but Keziah could not. She feared this must como out with tho rest. Sho would net tell part of tho truth, but -tho whole truth, ff'aho must speak. And even If she did uot speak, her husband would como to her, and sho would havo to answer him. "While thoy talked, thegroy ttrcsk in tho sky had grown larger. Wilsou started. Sho noticed sho could seo Keziah now— tiro outlbo of ber figaro. 44 Tho Bsrvants will be coming down," she said ; 44 go to your room. It is a wonder thoy are not down buforc, but I have been so staggered, I had not thought of it." Ktziah fled up tho Btaircaseliko a creature afraid of tho light, anu Wilson went to Leonard, who was waking. It was soon breakfast time. Keziah had dressed herself nicely, why, she could hardly havo told, for sho felt sho "wm goiug to heir her sentence. To hor great surprise, on troing to tho brcak- faat-room, for it woe not Keziah to absent her self, Mr, Rimplcr was there kefoio her, and appeared calm, as if nothing had happoned. Ho had a black eye, and a plaster under it, which ICcziah did not remember to havo soon beforo, aud which Mr. Rimpler blundrringly proceeded to apologia for, eaying ho had tumblu l ovor eomothiug in his room in the dark ; ho did not attempt to say what. Keziah felt ho was telling hor a lie, and instinctively tho idea caran into her mind that ho had had a tuselo with Wilson, end she smiled. Strange that humanbelogs tiro eo con- etituted that, in tho moments when they nro saddest and most aore pressed, the captive mind releases itself from bondage in epito of nil cou- trol, and catches eagerly at an opportunity for mirth. So Keziah smiled in the depth ot her > tronblo. A few minutes lator Mr. Hackbit camo down Ho was much as usual, rudonnd inattentivo, und aggravating, But, boyoud this, nothing occurred. Was tho storm about to blow over, or was its brooking only doforrcd? Could Wilson have been mistaken about Runplcr's having found her out? These questions puzzled , Koziali cxtromoly, and she could not holp thinking about them in cpito of Ivrsolf. After breakfast she noticed that Mr. Rimplor mado no attempt to havo private communica tion with her husband, ecu sbc remarked this to Wilbon, and said tb&t; ho might uot kuow, or, if ho did, ho might not bo going to tell, 44 Havo you ever seen a cat with a mouse, miss?" was tho answer. " She lots it rnn about, aud think itself frao, because sho can put her foot on it when she likes." 41 Well," aaid Kezi ib, wearily. 41 Only if it is to como, I wish It would como quickly." CHAPTER XLIV.— Jcbal Revisits Juxley. That morning, whon It was nearly dinner time at tho houao of Simmon, Tubal and his undo David were coining acio3stho Old Park frcra tho atnlion of Jumloy , 44 What ahoaUiouish placo this s!" Jubol remarked to lus undo, looking scornfully around at tho wretched tumblo-down buildings, tho litorally black road, undtho great mounds of. cindors, and ominous-looking holea. 44 Really, I had no idea it was half so bad us this," 44 Ah, Tubal," aaid hii; uucly, 44 we novor cau jutlgo a place till wo'vo nnolhorto compare it with, V/hou I wao a littlo lad, aud usud to carry your graudmlhcfr, dinner iu a basiu tied up in a Imiulkcrchiof, I uhouUl have been ready to day auyuuo ua had said Tutnloy wasn't tho finest placo in tho world. No, not that," said David, b'.ushiug ulightly. " I wnsalway3 raoro like running away than olayiug anybody. But these mine;," ho wcut on, pointing with Ilia walking sliek, 14 weren't worked out thou, Tubal, that is, all of 'em weren't. And Joshua, your father, Dorcas, aud I, and tlio dear baby thr.tdicd, wo uiod lo play of a night, at hop- scfdih with a piece oi coal, in this very place, ( and ',vo used to run over tho pit-banks until it got dark. And you uco that houao ovor there, Tubal ?" ho 3aid, indicating the remains of ono ; 44 m-my's tho timo I'vo seen your grandfather wiii'iing wlmt ho o\Und 4 tho first coat' off, out- side- that door. Thoro was always a bench standing there, with a tub on it, ready for him. Your grandmother was a very clean woman, and she couldn't boar to havo her placo messed up, rho said, as soon as it was clcanod." 44 Well, uncle," rejoined Tubal, with a high colour iu his cheeks, 41 1 mcau no ofi'cnco; but for our future comfort, it may bo a3 well that I should just say, that I am not particularly proud of having bad a grandfather who worked in p. coal-pit ; nor am I particularly in- tcrcatcd in detailed accounts of his methods of performing a toilet; nor of gamc.i' pF»yod by my father and aunt Dorcas aud you. Aud if I bring any fellows homo with me, as you told mo I may, I beg you will not mention this kind of thing. Of course, I mean no offence. But fellows aro apt to look down outhi3 sort of thing, I don't mcau to say my grandfather might not havo been a very good man.'' 44 Uo ryas a very good man," said his undo in a low tone. Ho was taking in with difficulty what ho was hearing, and ho wu3 wouuded. Tubal went on— 44 You 6oe, however interesting thc?o accounts may lie to members of tho family, they cannot bo interesting to outsiders." 44 But you are not au outsider, Tubal," re plied his undo, in tho same grioved tone. 44 Still, you hoc," went ou Tubal, 44 1 nover know my grandfather, which is almost equal to notbdongiug to him. Aud," ho added, tak ing out adgar, ami lighting it, at tho sauo time bciug very careful not to soil his straw- coloured glove, which fitted to a nicoty, and wasbordercd by tho whitest of wliito cuffs, " I c ui't ray that 1 kuow n ninglo momber of tho family that anyone would liko to belong to ox- nopt you," And Tubal glanced through his long lasbc3. at hi3 uncle's face, to soq tho offset of liis littlo compliment. IIo saw only tho troubled look. David Rimmon did not caro much for compliments, and did not seo them readily. But ho did notice Jubal's cigar, and said to hitn— 44 Well. Jubah if I were vou. I wouldn't go into your father's houso smoking, seaing he dislikes it so." 44 I would do a good deal to pleaso you, uuelo, but I shall not come hero to palaver my father. Thoy are not to kill tho fatted calf on my bohalf, and hail tho prodigal roturned. And that is tho kind of story he'd toll to all tho clerks in tho bank, if I humoured his wishes over so little. If bo says I'm penitent, it .shall bo a direct lio , he shan't havo a foundation of excuse for it. Aud seo, uncle," ha said, point? iug with his hand in which bo hold his lighted cigar for a moraoat, 44 as y on aro fond ofro- mioisconces, thoro is the noble edifice occupied by grandmother duriog tho lattor part of hor eh'ghtful sojourn in this neighbourhood." David, slow though ho was, could tako tho improssion of a tone as quickly as anyono ; ana ho felt that Tubal had known hor as a qaoruloua old woman, it was true; but David had kuown hor as tlio patient, hard-working mother of tho family. Ho could remember many a timo being rocked in hor arms at tho cottago door, when ho had fallen down or when somo playfellow hod been hitting him. Ho did not pat all this in words, but he aaid with a gentle dignity which becamo him groatly— 44 You asked ras, Tubal, not to speak about your grandfather, or our childhood. I now bog of you not to refer to your grandmother, whom you nover know— I ropeat it. nover know; for people aro not thomselves out sotneono olse, whon thoy aro wo n down by many griefs." 44 Oh, all rmnt. uncie," saia uuutu. didn't moan to hurt you. It's all true what you say. I was only joking either." 44 That was just it," said David ; 41 you woro joking," They wero now naming a ruined engino houso; and JubaI,happoningto glance down, saw lying half-hidden undpr a rusty wheel what appeared to bo a bundle of parchment. ' Ho took it np, and put it into his pocket. 44 What's that r" asked his uncle. 44 A bit of old parchment somebody has thrown away." 44 Bat you have nover oxamincd it. It might bo somo important document, I don't know how you are to know, if you don't examine it." Tho fact is that Jubal did know what it was, and did not wijh his uncle to know— that is, hqknow.toa certain extent. Ho had re cognised his father's handvvritiug upon it ; that vas enough for him. Yes ; the knife had been to tbo grinder's, and had got eharpened ; but it seemed to havo dreams of cutting on its own account. Tubal, having a notion that his undo was pondering over wh it ho had picked up, and wishing to chance his thoughts, remarked, 44 "What au awful mess this road makes of one's boots and ono's jrousers !" You can turn your trousers up," repliadbis undo, looking down at Jubal's. 44 1 turned mino up in tho station." 44 But you seo," return Jubal, in a lordly fashion, 44 trouscr-bottoma uover sit well when thoy'vo ban turned up. It quite spoils tho look.4' This bind of talk was beyond David's com prehension. But just as ho had always thought that Joshua kuow better than ho did, bo now ho thought that Tubal did, at least in nnst things. Tho strougor will has often this kind of effect on ; tho weaker one. A stroug wind is propelling a boat on a coarao which threatens disaster ; surely tbo wind cannot bo at fault Why then trouble to alter the sail3 ? Tho boat may bo blown upon tho rocki and smashed to atom1, 1 but what of that 'i One must submit to tho will | of Providence. Jubal pulled his coat a littlo down, and smoothed, a wrinkle. Thoy wero in tho road whero his father lived. Iu tho houses they hud to pass, people might be at the windows— ncopio ho had known, and who had known uim wlfn bo was shabby, and used to go about- with a stoop. Boys ho used to p'ay marbles would probably boc hitn Well, if they did, they 'shoald ace a goutlemun, a fdshiouablo man of the world, Jubal thought, who was not ruinod by his fathcr'e disinheriting him. who was not coming homo in sack cloth and oshos to denoto his repentanco, but in ns faRiiouablo a suit us tho best Manchester tailorcould mako for him, and with annirand manner befitting such clothes. It was no beggar coming to his father's liuuso to ask broad. Tubal wcut as a prince conferring a favour by his presence. The dooi was opened. Sarah, who had not seen Tubal so long, could hardly keep hor joy in. Sho sehmd turn after tho manner ot tho Black County people, not too gently. 44 And, oh, what a beautiful gentleman lie's growed into," she exclaimed. 44 Ifleas his handsome It was not until ahu had exhausted as many, epithets as eUo could thiulc of, that she beg in to notica that Jubal wus not eo effusive. In fact, bo was considering whothcr she had been cooking, aud might potaibly grease 1»3 elothci. IIo said— 440b, so it's you, Sarah.' How do you do f" This without a smile, aud in it very condescend ing way ; uud ho was about to pars ber, when ho turned buck, and putting his hund in his Socket, took out half-n-crown. 14 Hero, Surah," e said, superiorly, 44 you lent mo half-a-crown once ; here it Is. I juat remembered it." Sarah stared at him in blauk amazement, but did not hold out her band — the hard working, rough hand that was always so kindly aud so ready to labour to tho uttermost in loving ofliccB for tboso ehe cared for. Jubal dropped the haU'-a-c:ovn into her hand, taking great caro not to touch her with his glove. The touch of tho cold metal seemed to mako Sarah r.ealiae tho truth. Slio flung it from her, aud lluhg her apron over her head, and began to fcob, whilcfhe gapped out— . 44 No, I will never lake it ; no; not if I wero starring. To think that I would ha givo aU my i>avihj3 for one shake of his hand." Tubal fiushvsi, and drew off one of h:3 light- fitting glare. ' » Besr me," fco said, 44 if it's a bhako-hauda you want. I don't object to shaking hoods and he held out a band white 1 enough to havo dono a lady credit, but the girl would not taks it. . Haw muny havo had to suffer a liko disappointment: how few '.aro prepared for it beforehand. Our brother orour eistor goes away from us for years, to coma back again, so tho .world says. Iho body rOturoo. perhaps, but tho samo self never. We have said gocd-bye to that person for ever. Yot thoso who stay at homo thluk o! the abaont day and night during tho long yoirs, and break their hoarts whon but a ghost of tho lost ono comes homo. Tubal merely did as tho world; doos ; only Sarah had novcr thought out tho question. Sho know that for years sbo had, lightened his lifo when ho was at homo;and miGorablo, that sho had duriug tho past woek .proparcdall kinds of pleasant surprises for him. And now ho treated hor liko a. strange and did not ovon shake hauda with hor. 0 oimplo Sarah ! with your good heart, you Iiavo mado and hiddon away iu tlio cupboard an applo- pasty for hira ; but his tastes have changed, ho docs hot caro for applo-poaty now. IWte tic Jbio f/ms is moro in bra lino. You may as woll lcavo the pasty in tbo cupboard whero it is. But peoplo in tho Black Country don't cry guiotly. They do nothing by halves. And arali1 s cry brought Miss Dorcas on tho sconc, rcsplcndont in a green silk. 44 "Whatcver'a una diaturbanco about ?" said that lady. But her oyos falling on her nophow. 'ahowaathundorstruckby his appoaranco. Could this handsome figuro that might havo como out of a gentleman's foshion-booK bo hor ncphow Jubal? It seemed impoaslblo. 44 Howd'yo do, aunt?" said Tubal, oxtending tho tips of his fingers. i 44 1 think you aro too fino for such a houso as this." sho romarkod Eomowhat cuttiiiclr. 41 Wo aro not grand onough for such a fino gentle man." 44 Ah," said Tubal, with a raock bow. (Sarah had slipped away into tho kitchen.) 14 It is not to enjoy myself I havo cothc, but to boo tho nakedness of tho land. You flee," ho said, hopinghls father was aoinewhorowitliinhoaring, 44 I've not let my Scripturo knowledge rust. But really aunt, you aro bohtnd tho times down hero at Jumloy ; grccu isn't in fashion, you kuow, now— not in Manchester.' ' This was a vory spitoful thrust, and it went homo. 44 You aro very rudo, indocd," rojoincd Dorcas, fooling tbo glory dio out of her green silk ncvortholoss. 44 1 got tlio fashion-plates regularly. I know what's in fashion better tlian you. Well, David," Bho said, turning abruptly towards hor brother; and a cool family kiss was exchangod. But whero was Mrs. Rimmon all this timo ? Will it bo beliovcd sho was within hoaring, and yot did not como to speak to hor son ? Suo was naif -afraid. He did not eoom to havo rooeivod the others well ; what would ho tkiuk of hor ? Jubal went into tho dining-room, not Bering his mother in tho dark pa33ngo leading into tho kitchen. Tho tablo was laid for diunoh Jubal looked at everything ou tho tablo. whilo his undo and his Father shook hands. Mr. Rimmon was determined not to bo tho first to speak to his con, and Jubal decided that ho could lira without shaking hands with bis father ; so thoro wasno sort of greeting betwoou them. Juba meout to speak to his father, if there wero any occasion, as bo would speak to any stranger; and an occasion camo. Jubal sat down on ono of tho chairs, and got up again directly, looldng ecornfally at it. 44 You don't moan to say that you've not had (he spring of that chair mended yet?" ho said to his father ; aad that was aU. Dinner must como in, and Mrs. Rimmon know sho could delay no longer ; so she timidly entorod tho room, her face nervously working, and hor tears ready to fall. j UDOi Etssca nor, ana item ner irom mm ana looked at her, and kissed hor agnin. 44 The farce has begun, has it ?" said Miss Boreas, seoing this. 44 No," aaiu Tubal, standing with his arm round his mother's waist, 44 it has not. Tho farco will bogin when the minister .comes in to toa, and you and father act the loving family beforo him." . . When Keziah entered ths room, very pale, and looking paler in her black dress, which sho wore for her grandmother, Jubal could hurdly believe it was his sister. Tho short, crisp, black ourls wero tho samo as ovor, but the xoatnrcs appeared to bo changed : thoy wero moro pointod— a chango duo to thinness. Sho wont first and kissed hor nnclo David. Ho pressed hor hand oacouragiugly, and was much tenderer than ever in bis manner towards hor. Thon Keziah wont bebiud Jubal's cbair, and, leaning over, kissed his forehead. 44 Oh, Keziah," exclaimed Tubal, starting, 44 how frightfully cold your lips aro !" 44 Aro they ?" said Kcziab, with a wan smilo ; and she took her place at tho table, kissing hor mother as sho passed hor. The door waa now Hung open, and Mr. Hackbit Bwaggored in, and surveyed t? o com pany with a leor, Hogavo u goneral nod, sat down and placed his napkin across his knoes. 44 Well, brother-in-law," said Tubal, across tho tablo, 44 your valet has noglocted you this morning. Bo you know your toilet's rathe: defective ?" Mr. Hackbit looked severely across at Jubal, and remarked with somo asperity that ho would rather wear no clothes at alt than bo dressed up liko a doll, as Jubal was. Boreas was sitting next to him. 44 Your necktie's right under your car," sho said, 4 4 and you look as if you'd beoq to bed in your clothes." 44 And you," rstorted Hackbit, looking critically at his aunt and her get-up, 44 you look as if you'd just como out from under a glass shado, you do." 44 Oh, don't Jet us havo aoy quarrolliog," pat in David. 14 What can bo the use of thut ?" After dinner, Jubal auuounccd his iuton- tion of taking a stroll. Tho mother would havo liked to havo bogged him to remain with her, but how could sbo dictate to this son who had grown into such a gentleman V 44 Yes, show yoursolf to tho inhabitants,' was Hackbit's comment. 44 You'll collect a crowd if you go out." 44 You'll collect a biggor crowd than I shall, 60tne day," retorted Jubal. 44 And roilly, Hackbit," ho said, eying his brother-in-law with a good bit of merriment in his face, 44 1 want to light a cigar, and I belluvo I could do it at your nose. Havo you been acting tho clown, and forgotten to wash your face?" With thia home- thrust ho wont out ; and Keziah helped to clear the table. Mr. Rimplor was to como to tea'.' Ho had been invited to dinner, but had mvlo au oxcusc. When tea- timo camo ho appeared. Thoro was a marked coldness in Borcas'a manner of receiving Mr. Rimpler, -which that gentleman could well nccbunt for. Ho, for his part, appeared to havo aorac fino joko ou hand, and laughed to himself without any evident reason several times iu succession ; und at each laugh Dorcas coloured. Ho waa, how- over, scrupulous in his attention to her, and also seemed to tako aomo interest in Jubal, whom ho had been led to supposo a very different sort of poison. CHAPTER XLV.— Mont: Hitter Tiiam Sweet. When at last tho evening was over, and it was time to go home, Mr. Rimpler offered to escort MiuDorcaj, which seemed natural enough ; but no noonor had ho mado tho proposal than Dorcas said, spitefully, 44 No, thank you, Mr. Ritnpler, I am no chicken, and am not at all afraid of being in tho Old, Park myself at night." In spite of s, Rimplor did go with her ; and they walked along iu eilouco for a considerable dis- Unco. At last Miss Dorcas said, snappishly, "Are you goiog to spoak, or not, Silas /" Mr. Rimplcr gavo a snort, and said in a tono of some bitterness, 44 1 don't remember tlio occasion on which I asked you'to call nio Silas. When I bsgin to call you Dorcas, you'll liavo some excuse." Tho unquenchable spirit of tho spinster roso. 44 And If I did call you Siku, how many aliens and outcasts would bo glad to have somebody to tako thorn by the hand and call them by their Christian name." But 1 happen to bo neither an nlion nor au outcast. I tell you once for all, vou must drop it." 44 Oh, Silas, — Mr. Rimpler stopped iu tho luthway. 44If you don't drop it, I wou't go another inch with you : so now you kuow. And another thing I should Uko to rcfor tois your raannor of making signs at mo beforo people." 44 And you never tako any nolico when I do," interrupted Hiss Dorcas, 'uo matter how im portant it may be." 44 And I never will notice. I tell you ouco for all, I won't li t vo it. Do you Ihiuk I wnut nil tho world to Vriicvo wo havo a secret under, stun ling together? It was 'disgusting all tho ! overling to see yoi r oyo fixed ou mo ovory time I looked your way." 44 And this after tho way you Isft mo iu tho Old Park last night 1' said Dorcas, growing irate iu her turn. Thoy wero on tho same ground now. 44 I'll Icavo you hero again if you don't mind." "Thon you'll leava all thut I havo to com municate to you." 44 1 don't care ad iibont your communi cation." 44 You know you do. or vou wouldn't have taken so much trouble about it all. .Well, at any rate, I got the papers you usked ino to got out of Joshua's eafe." "Whoto are they?'' responded Silas, now interested in a moment, and betrajed into bhow'ogit. no had not expected this. 44 Well,. I waited here, til! I was cold attd tired, last night, uod I loit thera ; bo there." 4 4 You lost them," said ltimpler, honor- struck. . 44 Yet, and I bad then eafoeoougb, whon vou cause first; and you'd have had them ii it hadn't been for your going off with that foreigner. I heard yoa deny mo to him, and laugh when ho said that I was uo chicken. Mon arobad enough for any thing." \- But Silas had not been listening to hor last words. Ho was absorbed by tho thought that tho papors woro lost. At last ho drew a long , broatli, as if ho had forgotten to brcatho a few moments, and was making up for it. ' 44 Woll," ho said, 14 what a fool I havo Loon." Dorcas was infinitely relieved to find it -was not herflclf ho was calling ft fool. 44 1 might know that a woman was suro to make au ass of hersolf iu business," lie added. This somewhat spoiled tho soothing effect of tho last sontcnco he had uttered. ' Thoy had now como to a standstill, both of thorn. 44 Now, I havo a warning to givo you, ' said Silas. 44 It is for your own good, uot mine. Vou must be as silent as tho gravo upon this business. Do not think of tolling anythiug to spite mo, ovor ; it would bo no good. You've no proof of any kind agaiust mo, remember; anu tho moment I hoar of your doing anything, then I shall begin. And if I over should, yoa will wish you had novor boon born, mind that. And from to-night I'vo dono with you ; so don't got trying to 6co mo or to speak to rao. And now wo nro partiug, I'll flay auother thing to you. that I'vo bocu thinking all along ; and that is this. There's no wickedness you'd atop at, to got your own cuds. You don't mind whom you botray. But you cau't think for tho future that you'vo uono it au in tno dark, I'vo booh my sharo of bad womon ; but I novcr camo across a worse than you, in reality." ' Dorcas was literally thuudoratruck, Sho could mako no reply. Sho could not bcliovosho was hearing right 44 And is this true, all that you aro saying?" shooaidatlougth. 44 Yes, it is truo," replied Rimplcr. ' Than," aaid ahe, with ft tragic air, 44 1 hliall throw mysclf down ono of theso old mines." 44 Don't," said Rimplor, quiotly. 44 It would bo quito Io3t upon mo. I Bhoulu uot hya to get you out; and I should not got in mourning for you." And Miss Dorcas did uot fulfil her threat. 44 Aud I am really to say good-bvo to you, Silas ?" said Dorcas plaintively. " Am I novor to hear tho sound of your voico again, tho voieo that has grown so dear to mo ?" 44 You'll hear my voico soon enough, if you intorfero with my business. And really I don't think I ovor did moot with suoh a humbug in ray whole lifo. But I tell you, I can sec through it; don't try it on with mc." 14 Thou I will go liomo to my desolato hearth," said Miss Dorcas, still in a tragical vein. 44 Yes, do." eaid Rimpler. 44 You'd mako anr hnarth acsolato ; ana you'd turn any para- diso into a howling wilderness." 44 Very woll," roturned Dorcas, 14 1 will loavo you ; and the day may como whon I cm do you a had turn, nnd I shall do it, nover you fear." 44 1 don't fear," was Rimplor'a reply, 44 hut I know it beforo you told mc." Yot Dorcas did not move off. 44 Look hero," eaid Rimpler; 44 if you think by waiting you'll got rao to alter my mind, you'ro mistaken. I shall go not a atop farther with you, aud you cau go homo yourself." Dorcasmorea away with great bitterness in her hoort. But whea iho waa out of sight, Siias lit match aftor match, and searched quite fruitlessly as woknow he must— for the missing papers. IIo scarcely oxnoctod to find anything in his search ; but bo was very angry, and it suited his humour to bo scarchiug. Ho was not alono, though he imagined him- eolf to ho so. Jubal had strolled after Rimpler and hisauut, on protonco of smoking, but in re ality hoping to hear what terms they woro ou, and to find out anything detrimental to otther of them. He heard tho quarrel, which amused and gratified him. He also felt suro what tho tmbjocb was. Bat if ho had not been sure, his suspicion would havo boon confirmed by the soarcb Mr. Rimpler mado under bis eyes. Jubal did not wait to seo how this search ended. Ho proferrod to get away whilo still unobserved, Wlion bo got borao— that is, to his father's house— be found his mother in a violeut stato of agitutiou. 44 What is tho matter, mothor?" ho asked. 44 Oh. Jubal, somebody has robbed your fathor." 44 Do you raeaa broken into the bank, mother?" 44 No, tho safe, hero, ia the house. Ho's nearly frantic." 44 Was it money ?' 44 No ; papers. ' 44 WolJ, thoy can't mattor much, unless thcy'ro bank notes," said Tubal. Jubal swaggered iuto the room whore his father was. 44 What is it you've lost?" ho saidiu an in different tono. "Papors," cried Mr. Rimmon, quito forgetful for the moment thut ho and his sou were enemies. "I suppose thoy 're not of much consequence," said Jubal. "They are of all consequence," oried bia fathor. 44 1 toll you unless 1 can gain possesaion of thoso papers I'm ruined— ruinod— do you hoar, Jubal V — ruined." 44 They must bo funny kinds of papers, I should think," said Jubal. "Juba\"Baid Dividj who was as whito as his brother, 44 is this a timu to talk liko that?" " When wero they stolen?" Jubal asked his father. 44 To-day ?" 44 Ob, no ; I'vo had the koy in my possesion all day." 44 Lock piefcod, I supposo, then." 44 No, tho lock Jiaa not been picked," £:iid the father, despairingly. 44 Then how doyouacccnntforit?" 44 Yesterday I dropped my koy accidentally; it must havo been used by someone." " Well," said Jabal with mock sympathy, 44 it isn't a pleasant thing to have lost papers that compromise you. You may never find out whero tboy tiro ; nnd it's like a'aword bang ing ovor your bead by .a heir, isu'tit, father?" Every word stabbed Sir. Iiimracn. Who knew their woight so woll as ho did? 44 Oh," Jio said, turning to his brother, with a touch of very real feeling, 44 how I wish I'd stuck to aiy bank, David, aud kept everything sqaaro." 44 1 wish theo fcadst," roph'otl David, falling into his dialect in his emotion. 44 Jubal," went on his father, with such a real ring in hi toue that Jubal was startled, 44 I've not traiucd you wtll, hcavim knows." 41 Kacth knows it, too," put in Tubal. The father took no uotico, but went on in a most solemn tono. 41 But you aro young, and need nover como to bo what lam. You'vo often heard mo quote Scripture, Jubal." 44 Too often," said Tubal. 44 Woll, you shall hear some moro, Tubal, though it may be tho last, uud it's tho truest ia all tho Bible. 'The way of trausgroiaorj is hard.' " David was quito overcome, and bid his faco in his bauds; Tubal felt uo kindling of sym pathy. 44 Don't tako uny notico of hira, uncle," ho so id contemptuously; 44 ho's only making out." "Making out!" cried tho elder man, in an agonised tono. 44 That is likely, that ia ! I meant to set it nil right, aud to givo up tho other businosB." It was iho first time tho "other business" had ov-.r been alluded to between tho brother. 44 And uow I'vo uo chance." Half an hour later, when Joshua was aloue, ho bitterly rogrottod having exposed himself in this manner, uud ho would havo regretted it still moro had ho known thut tho sou beforo whom bo had committed h'uusolf had tho mU- iug papers at that very moment iu his posses sion, aud gloried in it. Joahua had hccu a hard tyrant to Tubal when Jubal waa a boy, and now that Jubal was independent of him he showed no disposition to heap coals of firo on his father's head by returning good for ovil. Had this via.v of tuo case beou put to Jubal, ho would probably have said, so great \vui his hatred to his father, that ho would have pre ferred toheapcoaU oi die under his fathor'3 feet and burn liim to iuIics. The rinve makes a terrible slavd-diiyct- when his dunce romcs. Hta master may havo known limits; no knows none. So whilo Joshua tossed that night upon his pillow iu au agony, for tho tin, a being, of remorse, his sou lay awake, too, for very joy. Ho had got his father iu hii power. CHAPTER N LVI.— Deatu Dnrocn'Du- jioxovu. The snow had bcon falling all tho evening,' anmollmes rlightly, somolimns more thickly. It wan falling when the different companies wont homo from tho houso of Kimmuu. When Thomas llackbit ami K-./ijli had got outride ' tho lioure, ho said to her — 44 You aro a vory tu-'r nctret3, Korir.h, but I can heat you iu uctiug/' Kczialx turned her face toward him in stinctively, though sho could uot bee huu, uot to mis what ho should ray uoxt. " You havo kept ycur oytc opou very woll, coiiMiloricg you wcm up nil hist night. But don't you tlnuk I have, couaidcring that I waa up, too? .Should you -liko to know whero I 'was last night, Keziah'?", 44 No," sao replied in a stifled mafiuer. 44 But I shall tell you, whether you vriaL to hear or not. I nazst-d tho uight ia ray own garden,- Kcziab. Keziah could not War to havo it broken to her thus. Sbo would do it herself, and liavo it over tho moro quickly, Tbo qu-'et tono in which ho was speaking tilled bar wiih infinite dread, Of course ho know everything. Well, thoro was no help for it. " You may as well eay it at ouco; you saw us. and you beard everything." 44 Yes," ha echoed, 14 1 saw youk and I h/iard I everything." "Thon, Thomas," sho eaid, puttiug both of hor bauds on ht9 arm, and forcing liitn to otop, "you heard mo rcluso to go. That is hotter than anythiug I could havo told you, if you hoard it." This Boomed to lighten her load fcr tho moment. At least ho had not to lako hor word for it ; Uo hid hoard her lutnsolf. 44 1 know," oho went on with great fervour, 44 how wrong I havo bcon, I know it myself, if you do not cay it ; hut 1 at least stopped short, and olio continued, beginning to cry bitterly, " I wa3 bo miserable." Keziah had mado u mistake iu uring this last expression. Hackbit had bocu iu lovo with her in a certain way, perhaps wa3 ho still ; and it docs not smooth a man's tompor for his wife lo tell him, by way of excuse, that sho ha3 boon led iuto eookiug tho company of another mau tacauso ho, foraooth, has mado her miserable. It was thereforo with nddttiouul bitterness that i ho uoxt spoko to her. "Don't try that ou with mo, Keziah," ho said, shaking her off. "Nothingyou can cay will alter my deciriou." Then ho bad arrived at como derision, Kcrial: thought, ber heart failing her. Sho did not attompt to imagine what it could ho; alio know it must bo tho worst for her, whatever it waa. 41 It is not last night alono that you lnavc met that man, JCeziah. I know aU about it, uud I'vo determined that, como what may iu cou- soquoncc— mark my words, cdujo what may — ycu shall novor outer niv houso again." ruo mil sctiso or tno woruo coma nr.rmy striko Keziali in a moment. Could lio mean that sho was' to havo no shelter that night — that sho was to bo shut out or liouro and hoinc, liko sorao vilo creature who deserved no better I As sho mnda no reply, he asked her, 44 Do you understand ?" Thoy had walked on, and wero now standing boforo thoir own houso. 44 You cannot mean it," i»ho said huskily, "I do mcatj it," ho said, "Try to enter, aud I will throw you back with my own hand." 41 But you won't scpardto mo from my baby r" sho said, with a eoh iu her voice. "You caro for tho baby!" ho said with 'a lioarso laugh. Keziah cluug to huu.- "I do, I do," sho cried. 44 Lot me havo hira, aud I will go away without a word." 41 And let luin starvo with you!" snoercd Hackbit. "But no, you aro not going to starve," ho ndilcd; 44 vou will know whero to go." Sho would not notice this. "Ho ahull not , starve ; I would not lot him starve." .. 44 Aud so you think I would let him cat that man's bread ?" said Hackbit sarcastically. 44 Oh, 1 cau't mako you bcliovo mo, if you wou't," eaid Keziah; 44 it would not bo that man's bread ; but lie should not starve." 44 And in any case," went ou Hackbit, 44 do you think I should lot iny child starvo?" 44 But you would let mo starve." 44 You aro different, and you kuow whero to go," 44 I'm his mother," pleaded Keziah faintly. "Wo'vo talked enough," wa3 tho reply, ' Away with you aud uo pushed somo money into her hand, a few coin9. Bho flung them from ber, and tlio snow covered them. In a flash, it seemed, ho was gone, and tho door was shut, and sho heard it barred. Excited to frenzy, eho felt like ringing tho boll violently, and rebelling against thu sudden expulsion; and efio stood and gazed, she could not havJ told bow long, at the houso. At list she was conscious of someone approach ing her; It was Silas Rimplcr. Bho moved away, and ho did not seo her. She bcaid hira ring the bell. Sbo heard tho door unbolted. It wac ojKjncd, and a flood of light shot across tho suow-covercd path. Should sbo make a sudden bound, and bo w;ithin tbat light aad warmth, and beg him on her knees to lot her remain with her babv l No, it could bo of no use ; nothing could bo of uny use now. The door was shut, and ogaia alio heard tho bolts. Still sho waited, till at last lights shone out from the windows of her husband's aud Mr. Rimpler's bedrooms. Thou thesj lights went out, and all was dark. The rcow begun to fall faster. Keziah frit sho must do something for herself now. But the only thing that suggested itself was to go round to the back of the house, through the gardon gale, and look for the night-nursery ugur. xnuc was out. 44 Thoy boliovo I am stayiug at mother's for the uiijht," sho thought. "Thay littlo know I am shivcriug out hero." What a grim satire it soomed. Sho was standing ou tho spot whore, last night, sho' had listeued, with so much hidden leugiug in her heart, to au appeal to leave tho place. To night she could not onton again if she would. She passed out at tho garden pate again. Sho could not stay there, it was clear. Go to her father's sho would not. No, sho must walk en, as far away us she could, boforo moruiug. Bhe would writo to hor mothor. But the roads were bad, and walking wa3 difficult. When once outsido the gate, sbo had turned and thrown some kisses towards the window whero tho littlo Leonard was ariecp. 44 At least he will not ill-treat the child," .she thought: and that was soiuethiu Bbo had -got a little nousekcapiug money in her pocket. She could go on a few days till sho should got something to do. She trudged putioatly along tha road, which grew darker. Sho know where ahe was goiug, aad kept her direction; it waa to Y»'olverkampton. She know of a women there who kept a registry oflico for servants. Bhe had got servants for her. Sho would go to her, and get a tempora-y lodging while she could phiu what to do. The womau had always seemed kind and pleasant: and tliia was the only person Keziah could thick of that she wouid bo williug to go to. It was a long, weary walk, aad Kczinh bad not mado much hcudwiy when sho wu3 conscious of being followed. She stopped a momeut u:.d liatcae-i. ' . ' No ono was following her. Yot as aoou 03 tbo began to walk again, she bsaid the footsteps uiterhsr. .Somo ftirnac-i-5 were lighting up. tho way ahead of her, now. Bhe must pass tho glow; so must the ono who was following her. It is a horrible fueling, that of being followed in tho dukr.C:S, und ouly those who have experienced i: can know hew horriblo. Along a Black Country road tni3 is especially true," Thoro ia r. griniucs.i about tho road, the boundaries of which aro so often iiEck mounds, or dark, stagnant waters. To bs followed on such a road is worso than to bo followed ou a decent high road with inoffensive hedges ou either side. Keziah felt this to the full, iu lier -excited con dition. It wwi ono horror more added to the rest. Deride, it ii almost a necessity icra Black Country person botn and bred to havo some traco r>t'>:uper.uit;on, ro called; and it did alarm ICcziah all t!u raora tha? tho foot3tops csased when sho listened to thuin. Ska walked ou bravely, and wsflg-jtlinguunrarand nearer to the light of tho fauo'irhs. But thou tbo clangiu? of the iron made it almost impassible for ber to hoar the fgotstvf-s. Sho clung to tha hope thut alio should sec who it was when they both' pencil the light of the foundry. And now sho herself was in the full glare, aud her ears were deafened by the noise. A thought struck her. 44 Perhaps the thing that is following mc may wait till l am out of flight iKjfore passing ;" and oho, who had often traversed the road before, knew by experience that thero were nuloa of dark, deserted road boyoud this one light. Opposite the foundry wis a tumble-down' cottage, one of rona? such, deserted aud left to ruin when those who bad occupiid them had migrated. Sho would hide herself a moment in this place, and perhaps the thine that 'was followingher would pass bsfcrc her eyes. Once inside tho cottage, sho placed herself in the shadow near . 'whero a window had been, but where now not even a framo existed. She could seo the road, nnd she could seo the foundry. She moved a: little farther,- for no paitlculnr reason, Aud something aerangupon her with an. unearthly tsouud. AU sensation stopped within her for a moment, and then' ber heart gave a giea? thump that nearly shook her. She saw what had startled licr, for it was crossing the road now in the light. It teas , only ft homeless cat that hud sought shelter ; from tho iurioment weather. -.Still, tho frip.ht had increused her nervousness greatly. Bba tried to keep her nttontion : ou tha dark road, witlwi streak of light across it. But somehow her gaza was fafcriuuted by tho foundry, where tho night-workers moved hither and thither iu a terrible glow of light, being covered at times by nmsea of sparks, and then dragging out from betwoou immoun? rollus long-lengths of red- hot irou, and carrying thera quickly, aud without any apparent deration, right among the crowd oi other workers, and laying them at the side of others to cool upon the ground. Thc-?o silent workers, for they were not talking to ouch other— how could tiiey, for that uratu r, amidst the hubbub cfh.uaci«r3. tho hissing of streams of water upon red-hot irou, and the Toaring of the forges '< They sccoied to Keziah's excited mind almost like demons preparing for eoniu evil deed. \- But now, us aho looked, something obstructed tho view. It was tbo figuro of a man along tho road. His faco was turned towards tho forgo, and ho soomed puzzled, and stood hesi tating. At last ho walked across a black mound that separated tho forge from tho road, aud went towards tho great shod under which the men wero working. Ha seemed to bo apoiking. Ono man camo out of the gloro. and ho hotd hU oar towards hira, and then snook hi bead uud went back. I Koziah felt Vbe must movo on now, or bo da- I teotod.'. -For h"ow did sho know that the I stranger, .whom shAholit'Vod to bo tho persou who had followed >r, niisht not look noxt into tho ruined oltagu? But no, sho could not movo away. IIo wn.\ croosrag tho road, in Ihs direct stream of light, 'Aud his back was in tho full light; his fuco wax in shadow. Sho nut her baud against somo of ruo brickwork to t.teady herself, and it camo down ivith it crash.. T!iu 'iliMiigor paused, and then m'ido hi3 waj' »o tho cottage. . \ . One of thubrsckn had fallen hoavil «pon her loot. It wa3 extiemriy nuiuful. ISve/ythmg seemed to bo closing in. Tho figuro cuteicu by tit-! dotrway, uiul camo quito nourtobar, iW'l- then, in what seemed to her an unearthly toms nroko hor in mo. , _ , JfriKMihl not cry out, that did not proceed frv.u any t'lcal bruvuy m licr part ; it waa from inability. Who has not in a thunder- Htonn waited with haled breath for the noxt clap and JLiwh ? and uon a lonriy stret.h of moor, who hua not trembled inwardly in such a dorm, us crush has suocvotkd crash, and glare, utter darknoia ? Keziah's lif» of tho last few- hours was such a storm as this, aud at this moment her breath was bated for another crash, with possihlo direful consequences. Bomcono had said, 44 Kcziab," but tho voico wan ono sho did uot know. „ , , In what appeared ages afterward.1, a nana travelled towards her, and touched hor. Th on tho camo strange voice suid, 44 Don't you know mo ? I have como lo tako c.iroof you," Then the bolt had not "descended upon her nnd struck her. JL/un was nor t.nouguo ac first. But on its hoela camo another thought. Tho holt had descended, and hud struck her. She knew who was speaking to her. "IIow daro you follow mo?" sho raid. 44 IIow can youhavo the cowardico ? And ouly brat night you promised mo you would novcr acc wo again. ' You have lied to mo ; yon hare lied to iuo !';' she. said bitterly, tho tears chasing, eiioh other vapidly down her check3 in tUu darkness. . A groan wan the only reply to this. " Why, do you wantrrao to hato you, too sho cried. ' 44 if you love J me, you would caie for my.rcputatiori," i " Oil, Koziali,' cried her companion in heart broken toucs, " to think you should ever uia such words to mo 1 You havo misunderstood mo, quite misunderstood hie." 44 1 have understood you perfectly," returned ICcziah, 14 It is you who havo not understood mo." And alio tried to limp away. But tho pain in hor foot WU3 so great, tho was obliged . to stop herself. 44 Keziah, why won't you believe mc ? I said I hcdcorao to take caro of you, as your father might, or your brother ; thufc ia my meaning." 44 Yes," she cried, passionately, "liko my father aud my brother! you have well spoken. My fathor and ray brother would ruiu ma for their own cuds ; so would you, or you would nover havo asked rao to leave my husband's roof last night, and so got :ue turned out to night. Yet I was going away, praying for you, aud forgiving you. But now you havo broken your word and followed mc, to tako advantag-a of my misery, what can I say to you 'r If ever there was a moment when you should have kopt yoursolf far from me, it ia now." "Keziah, I would dio for you." 44 Then why not do a small thing, and keep away from mo ?" 44 Keziah, that is a greater thiug." 44 Then bo a man and do tho greater thing. I : have dono wrong, too," sho said, weeping afrcfch, 44 or I might never havo coma to thu."' 44 No, it was all ray fault," said Rupert, gazing with despairing tenderness at ber. 44 1 deserve what ha3 como," said Keziah. 44 Heaven knows, tbatU not truo," replied Rupert. 44 It w I and only I, who havo beeri to blame. Keziah, tell mo what to do,. and you shall sea how I will obey you now." 44 Go back at onca to Leamington, if ycu mean what you say ; and show the world that I aua not with you. That will bo proviug your lovo for me." 44 1 will do if," he nnsweied, with a sob. " But you will tell me whero you are going? At lenri ycu will tell me that r" 44 No," snid'Kcziah, sadly : "It is right yc» should not know that either." 44 "What harm could it be for you to tril' me where you aro?" 44 Thero would be harm." 44 Ycu have oome mooey with you?" 44 Yes, I havo 3oms mousy." "And will you tako iust a littlo from me?- You may i eturn it some day. if you like." 44 Do you uot understand," broko out Keziah hotly, 44 that 1 can have no dealings with you oi any kind ? Oo back at once; you may oven now havo boon seen following me." Ho took off a large 3carf tbat wo3 about his ' neck. "Let mo give you this, Keziah, You ace but ill-clad." 44 How cau you!" she cried, despairingly- 44 "Why do vou make my way so difficult? Would you havo me found iu possession of ycur scarf! Whero is your common eease.'" 44 Oh, God!" cried Rupert, breaking down utterly, and sobbing. 44 And am I, who love you so, not to bo allowed to do tho least thing for you, because a cursed villain baarobbed you lxora mo, and ilMrzuted yon, and shut his door upon you"' "It can do no good to talk of that now," said Keziah. She was about to pass him. He- caught her by the arm, still shaken with sobs, and would not 1st 'her pass. Bhe tried to wrench hersrif free. 44 Keziah, I havo only one tbiug to ask you. I know more about th's world than you do, Keziah. If you do not want to be suepccted, Keziah, go to come friend. You need not tell me whom. If yon promise mc this cue thing, I shall go awjy contented. Contented! No, not that. But it will be mere endurable, tbat is aU I cur; say." "I will promi3ejouth3t»thcn,"3a;d Keziah. Anu h»i was moving iwuy again . ,"Not ono wb: l \\.i rTrevvcll, Keziah!" he " Goo'd-bya," she answarad, passing gq. He had almost hopi-d, when hs hud eo far acceded to ber wish, trait sbc would have given a different farewell fro:u this cold 44 good-bye." But ber manner was sm-h tbat he dared not ask f jr more. Tho Keziah ha loved eould never be further from htio, he felt, than sho was this niyht. Bho was cutfMo n«w; but th?se words followed her in a choked whisper,. 44 Ycu will say you forgive me." f forgivo you," she aaid In a low voice; and disappeared In the darkness . Aud Elworthy, half beside buu3elf with grief aud misgiving, aud uuab'e to do anythiug, watched the spot whero her figure hftd dis appeared, until his oyoj. weis strc.iued; but fidiow hor bo would not— rather, could not. Aud when at lart ho h.id gazed eo long tbat his eves, grown weary, drooped their . Udsj ho sfowly turucd bis head uud gazed at tbe foundry. "Iiomanhn? ever been go wretched as I. am," ho tboucht within himself, " ao wretched und id powerless." And whilo lie thought this, the immenso hammers ctme uewn upon the. irou, And flattened it and crushed it. " Oh !" be thought, 4 if only I could place my head one moment uutlsr that hammer, and end it ail; it would be eo soou over." ire remained long gazing at tho glare, aud ocarcelv thinking. All was too much m u tumult withln-hira. _At lut ho becamo conscious that he must go away. If ho woro not in Leamington iu the morning, people might ay ho had been with Keziah. They should never say tbat ; andhe staggered out of the place, and walked like a drunken man along the road. It had ceased snowing sometime, and tho- path was very dark. Suovr blackens almost as it lulls in tho Black Country: and it must bo- deop indeed beforo it can be like a pure white short over tho earth. It wao uot deep now, and was blnckuued as it had fallen. At last he struck his foot against something: it wnfl -only a rising footpath, of which theio arc many in these neighbourhoods, a foot, anil even sometimes a. yard, above the road. He staggered along this footpath. It seemed to bo going down all at once. Ho felt kimsvft fall ing, und tbo next sansutioa waa thut water was closing ovor bis head. CHAPTER XL VII. — Tut-: GniwTEii- Barn?. An-lbosaM, . . . "r will puM- dmr. invbarn. and build greater." ' Had Keziah waited beforo hor own house a littlo longer, sho would havo reeii the lights re appear in tho two front bedroom windows ; fcr Mr. Hackbit, having made cn effort to go t<v bed a3 if nothing were tlio matter, had fount? himself quito tco excited to sleep, 4 it," to said tu himself, 44 I'll have tbat fool Rimpler up, and wet our throstles a lit." Now Mr. Hackbit wa3 deeper than Rirapler gave him credit for being : though he cki let things out somrtimcs when ha wag drunk, thcr never were things that tal.l against himself. To night ha h-ul drriea.Kjziah forth, aud eo natural had. -been hi dcm&auour; that uo 0110 su -pectcd it. The servant know she- had not como heme, but they thought she murt bo stay ing ether mother's, and of courBO thoy know bolter than to ask Mr. Hackbit a question. Mr. Rimplor, finding Hackbit at homo ou his return, imagined Kunah to bo in tbo house. Ho had Tlkewiso imagined Hackbit to be ignorant of what had occurred tho night before. Bo when Hackbit rappod sharply at his door, nud thou thrust his head ia, and said, 44 Get upt Rimpler, I eay: lota havo a drink," he merely I thought Hackbit bad pAwcd an unpleasant day, and meant to mako up for it ; anil got up dixoctly very quickly as llackbit thought, fur- i.wii —i.i— J5W% ho did not know Mr. Rimplor was dressed by tho window. . y' When'MiV Runnier had fumbled the roota'a little, -lie lit his Caudle, c'«/(\spteted his toilet as if ;(t 'had been tnorn'r rwd went downstairs.- Ho looked in Vje'-iRxSng-ruom, but found no Mr. Haekbit.' lAo wr. sun>u-«eff. Ho wont into the ball aml./iVtjneU : h» heard a movement in the kitchen acut thore. "I say, what are ,yu itehgV" he asked Haekbit,' who wn, about with a candle. 4 . ' J A!p going '«$ gdt s/inib \vood tn light a tiro m tlio drawing. votm ;' Siding, with great as sumption of. grau&eifr;, "We'll sit In the draw- ing-room, Simpler. 'I V.t h rich man, nnd shall be richer. Why rthtfiWd'.i't I use the best room I've p;jt f ». . ".All right," 'replied Ituupler, aivnsed, "Vhat's your you know. Only X shouldn't have tlibvght you wero such a fool as to toll anyono'ytiu'uro rich. 11 Yon aro not Kio outside world.1 44 No> nrVd'r6r.ro shrewd enough to know I nhonld knoV'rw any case. That's it, ran't it, Haekbit?" A largo ftfc'Was soou Vtnuug in tbo drawing- room, whfriVrith the nmsual quantity of wood nd- tho "b.lows whirii Mr. Uimpler plied. . Haekbit -hf; down corsviacccxtly, With two or throo brft'tfrs in front 'jf litres, also glasses and ? uugitr. j- . " I shy, Itimpler. bow di»juld you liko lobe a parttiflv?" "IDh, 1 don't tacow," n&plrofl; -RimpLor, in- differeiilly. l4,Birt X say, Rimplfr, by Jfovo, wo are 'making money, old Bcomon and 3. You tbmlf you know Mvoryttt'ng, but wu could ?ur- prise you a bit. Some pedplo nave aud eavo Hull save, «u£ never enjoy their radnoy, -I f don't menu to be liktXhat." And bo poured out a gli\ss of neat lmnQy, rtrcfl took a draught without blinking. " if my futher was a collier, I mean tn ha'.-n ulplaeo among couutrj ' gentlemen, thorn, Rc&tMlvorHi; Hnll'is to f lot, and I menu to tefkeit, I'm getting richer: j than them all, nnd; 'htmg it, why shouldn't 1 1 / live ns well IVh, Rhnpler, though : \- they hate me, '?lioy shall envy 'ine. Tf . old Josh ltiinir.on <k content to live in f that pig-sty, all rtio'bdtfcer for mo. I'll live lor ' the two of us." 'ho 'trtfck another draught of brandy. " And — mo, Itinipler," hu Went on, " there's sumo jf.nasuro iu living when you can buy aborse, er what not, that 'soma noble lord wodld his head for, 'just bo- causo youvo the 'Itftigfrt parse. By Jove, I'd give any firico/ft '1 thought one of them chaps wautcdtfV" Ail this did'ndt wrbuso the interest and sy 111 - pithy in Mr. Rimpler which it might hnvouono. hud he not knoWn nboiit'tfie missing papors. The man whoffttiews that ttio'bost 'horso in a race has boon -drugged drd will break down does not show tiftOUnuIng muteness in not back ing the Mouso-of Rimmon ; and throughout Mr. ItimplcrV-lifo'he hinl'noarly always backed, the winner. 'He 'rather enjoyed the -joke of r hoaring Hutkbit run ou, however, and en- couraged I rim to' talk. " 13il!s<rf3ft!e -artf the grandest investments," said HackMt, it can' he "kept dark: and my ce'rietfcuia/Mio Wenror iu a'cunuinnj tone, 44 tbubpeople who havo beeo sold up havo1 not spirit SuOu&h; left to goto law with you': about it, tioithoi' havr, thoy the cash,' and ho ' burst into a'lirtfgh. j ' D.t you know, 4n rho .'beginning, Itimmon! wanted toyjayme a'sulnry V ' hsoon tniigbt.btnij a lesson. I've'hrfd more than he's hnd, by Jove. There'sn xhty for-5Vory dog,'rud let every dog havehisdiy." Yes, >Ir. Mmplcr assented,, " lot overv iloghavo'hisklay. My'dayMl come next." And he" pretended to aip his hratidy. " Don't cofcfttyour chickeus beforo thcy'ro hatcltCd/rojikctriEiAckbitrwho wasnow getting, much thonbrso for driiik." "I dont usually," 'ritorted Mr. llimpler. "Nathevdo I get tlrlihk, and bo sco double when Ttti-'tibotit couiiffeg' them, after they're hatched." This wnrnlittldbif too rcfiucd for llackbit in his jceseiit' condition; so ho' took offonco. 44 CcnloUnd' yttu, rlo'you mean to say 1'nn drunk i" 41 Oeitninly not. IfVby, you've only had half- ft-bott!e." It wes "not long before ho had the whole bottle, and ltic appearance began to alarm Kimrder-not n Httio. Ho bulloiily hung his head down, knd' looked lowering. At last ho intently tixed'his byes bn'tho- door of the room. Rimpler in'volentbrily gazed' in the Bamc direction. 'Ho could toe nothing. 44 What is it ?" bo said to Haolrbit. Hcckbifr'pointed' a trembling hand townrds thodobr. The hand had grown very bouy since he'had takert to drinking so furiously, l'or ho had ehten hahlly enough to keep body and soul together. M Whatis it? inquired Simpler ngatu. ''Don't yenz seo'tlroso spiders r" "I cau't cujl I do." 'Thcurou must bo drunk, or mad. Look, UimpIerJ"»'ho -srfid, rising iu ngitatiou nud trembling all over, 44 have you over seen such large spiders V You can't pretend you don't setf them »-£ook,'thflynro chasiugeach other in two ' lines ; and they'll come down ; they arc covnng'down. 'They're coming at me, and they're growing bigger." nimbler "bbcftmo 'mora und moro nlnrmed. Haekbit clutched at tho tablecloth, and tried to get -on 'the table ( but ho could not; and tho tablecloth enme off, and the bottles craebcd on to the'floor. ""'Ohj'hceried/sliaWiig till tho vcrydloor shook," 44 frhcxloth'B full-orthem too. See how they epread'thtir legs nr.d come on. Oh, let me get -out <nf here," ho- screamed frantically. 44 Tho wdllR'.ire covered with thcin. Aro you n devil-that you won't lielp rao ?" And with -one more effort t> escape from tho room, ho feli-fnce downwards upou tho ground. We wilt spare our reidors tho horrors of tho scene which followed. 'Joshua and David Himmon-both'Came» at -Rimplei's roquoat ; and by the doctor's suggestion, Mr. Suttring was telegraphed for. Ho arrived about 1 1 o'clock in tho morning, -and with him Dr. Towers, Ho had broughb1hi6'do2tor on his own responsi bility, haTing such great faith in him ; nnd he took him upstairs without any ceremony. Mr. Rfmmon was seated in a chair, lookiug the picture of misery ; Haekbit was sleeping now, and- breathing -very heavily. Dr. TWors adviuiced to the bedside nnd lifted .his eyelid, nnd turned end-looked about tho room, but said nothing. He'll get better, now," said Mr. Rimraon. hoiirsely ; 44 he's gone -to sleep. Oh, what a night wef vo had." Ho'l!" never »wako -again," , replied Dr. Towers,, quiofly. 44 1 have seen esses like this before. It is a possible eudiug to eieiiriitm ti'emem. They sleep to death. I can do nothing for him; so I had better get back." 44 Wait a bit,-' said Mr.-Saltrinp. "il-want you to witness, aomothing." Ho was ashy whito. Ho- walked towarda.the - bed. : Ho laid unehaud upon- tho roun who was- sleeping his Inst sleep, -and raised -the other above his head, jtr.d looked "upwards. 44 I call-God to .witness, "Jie said, 44 that I w»Il never soli one droo. of anv intnipniinf» Ihjuor again. And I will- rid invself of anv property I now. possess that is the tosult of tho sale of drink." His raised hnnd. fell. by his side, and he faced round nnd looked at tho astonished Joshua and Towers. 44 Thoro is no evil sqgrcat.in this xvide world as drink. Can it.imatter whether the poor wretch drinks it at your counter, or carries his bottle homo ? The end Js the same." lie looked upwards again, 44 1 pray tbO'God of, pity - to forgiva.mo for tho greubwrongl have done tho humao race, for-e'ver having sold or even given away a drop of this poison of route. Reparation tnero can boRone. . Theovil-is done. " And Mr. Saltriug covered his face with his hands. Dr. Towers placed his atrn rouud Mr. Salt- ring's neck, and .said toothinftfv, 44 My good friend, God judges ua. by the motives. Could you, who haver -tho best» heart in tho world, have ever.mcant to xuin. anyone r" 44 Remember tho proverb', doctor," returned Mr.-Caltripg, without.talcing bis hands from bia face. 44 4 Hvi! iV wrought by want of thought as well as want of heart.4 Thishis brought it home to me-hroncbt it bomo-to me. Witbin thc laatitwolvo. months," he-said, raising his whitetface and lopkipgat the doctor, 44 cases of epiritohare loft my shop enough to bring this" —and rho -indicated ..with bis ihnnd without looking towurds, the bed— 14 ioMear to say how muny homes. Come, doctor, Jetns poaway. I should like to have seeniJCoriah, butlcon'tface her. Ifizo ouo had sold the brandy, hecoulda't have b>gght it, and ho couldn't havo drunk it." 44 Ho.d.'dn't buy tho brondy of you, at any rate," eaidtJoahuaKimmon, rouring himself to speak. 44 That -ror.ksBtX.o .iOiffcrence,-" replied Mr. .Saltring, 44 Come, doctor, Jet us.go.' Hut whtlo-.to-epoke, all three noticed that the sound from tho-bed hud ceased, Towqrtlooked 4 moment, and«au&f7ered; Mr. Ritnmon's look, 44 Jle's gone, poifaJellow," he said. CHATTER XliVil/,— fToii Tomiuis.QoeS'Up ) on Jfzs 0£t Exauixaxion. It was about tho oiddlo of January. ThoajaB Haekbit lay in Jomfey cemetery ; nnd in the window of Lis&ousa; was a notice, 44 To Let." io one had . made any search for iKq/.'aJ;. She was missing, and iilM<xrthy was missiag. The facts seemed'to esplak) fbemselves. The bouse of Jiiznmcn WAB diegiuwnvk Mr. Rimplor bad boon engaged by Mr. 1'imiuon, mul wHsnow residing in his house. Tho baby was there, too ; audiViteouhad como to uurso him, at Mr. Rinimou'a request. The other servants had been dismissed. Mr. Hack- hit had leftuo will, 'as is otteu tho caao with thoso whoso business it ia to make wills. During tho last few week Mrs. Kionuou had aged visibly, and seemed so near breakiug up 1 that her intlr.n nt'ito formed a principal renson for Mr. Gimuion's engaging Wilson. Mr. Rimiuon'i hair had grown very gvey, and he walked with 0 slower step, with his head bent forwaid, und his shoulders stooping. Rut where was KozitiUf It was growing dark one evening wheu a -ghostof her former self— yea, a ghost oven of her changed Bell— entered tho gate of Tho Hollies at liowdon. Maud had Iwen watching at tho window aud saw her approach, mill tlow to open tho door. Keziah foil into her arms, crying hysterically, 44 1 have como, Maud, liko a beggar, to'heg shelter, I have 110 prido left now, SlamU" Maud half carried, half led her into her favourito sitting-room, cooing ovor hor and calling her her lost darling, her oivn darling, and her own ICizzy. In an incredibly short time refreshment was brought, and tho _ poor wanderer was fed and warmed. Maud, flitting hither anil lliiiher, swift as in thu old days, carried most of tho things with her own hands, ami only tended, and forehoro to question hor old friend. When K-oziah had eaten, and was warm, hor head drooped upon her breast, and eho loll asleep. Maud looked at hor hoad. Where were all tho short curls gone ! Tho hair was shorn quite close to her licad. And her chookB, how sunken they wero ! Maud had placed her self so that the head -might rest against her, and caressed it tonderly with hor wluto fiugors, and dropped scalding tears upon it, anu to- manicd crumped in ono position for nearly two 'hours, rather than wako her darling. Then K-ez.irth opened her largo startled eyes, and said p'.cadinnly and quickly— "Look, 1 will toll you -something. Don't aend me out just yet. I bavouowhero to goto." Then uko recollected herself, and said, 44 Ob, I was dreaming. I thought I was back in the hospital again. Oh, Maud," sho cried, Hinging her arms about lior "friend's neck, "how glad I am it is trrio I nra bore.", Maud answered only by her caresses. Then Korioh drew her head buck, and looked into hor friend's -eyes inquiringly. 14 Do you know?" she asked. 44 Jlavo you heard 44 Dearcstdvixzy," replied Maud, "if I havo hove hoard, 'ttnd iM know, I do not reproach you ?'» "Reproach mo?" said ICeziuh, looking puzzled. 44 Well, yea, I did provoko him ; hut I am roncntant now, Maud ; I wiU go back to him anu-beg his forgiveness." Was it possiblo that Kezinh did uot know that hor husband was dead '( It seemed &o.; Sho bad been iu a liOBpitnl, it appeared from her conversation. Sho might know-nothing. 44 Ki/.zv," sho said, taking tho worn face itttween In i- hands — the faco that had nothing to recommend it now but its pathos — 44Kizzy, you will novergo back to your husband." Keziah started, 'not at tho words she hud heard, but at tho tono. Sho looked for more, aud did uot speak. 44 Kizzy," my own love, you aro free ; your husband is dead." Kezinh fluug hersolf upon the couch, and sobbed historically. 44 Oh, that I had been a bettor info to hioi,"sho cried. "Oh, that I had been a better wife to him. It might never havo ended so." ' And sho sobbed aloud. -Maud knelt by Kcziab, and laid hor head beside bora, and wept with hor. Sho was weeping because sho behoved hor friend had : fallen. ""Kizzy," bUc said iu her ear, 44 at least if you diibgo away with him, you havo lofthim now." Kezinh started up ut tho words, and' looked her friend in tho face. "I— go away with him, Maud! Who dares to say it?" Maud only cried, "Thank God! it is not true." "True, Maud!" said Keziah. "Xo: I have sunk bw, but not so low as that." 44 Oh, Kizzy, forgive mo for having believed it." raid Maud humbly. 44 But you see it looked bo much like it, that you aud he should both disappear." "lie disappear!" exclaimed Keziah, aftriglitodly. "Is he not in Leamington then?" "No lie has never been heard of sinco that night. Your brother Jubal camo in hero and told me all about it." Keziah looked vcry:quietly into the fire. And then, as if suddculy recollecting, said, 44 Where is your husband, Maud r" "Hois in London, Kizzy, being examined. Wo will not talk of him, if you don't mind. And now. Kizzy, bad uot you better go to bed ? I don't think you should talk any more to night."- 'But I must kuow one thing more. Of course, my baby has gone to father's?" " Yes, and Wilson is there with It," A beautiful erailo broke oyer Keziah's face, us she heard this, and she said contentedly, "Then I think I will go to bed. Maud." It must have been about 3 o'clock ill tho morning, when both Maud and Keziah awoke with a start. Thoy heard a fall und a terrible crash. " Whatever can it he?" said Maud ; and sho flung ou her dreeaing-gowu and went out. But though sho searched tho houso all thnugh, sho found nothing wrong, nothing broken, nothing displaced, nothing of anv kind to account for the noiBe. Mm tho sound had been so loud nnd of so startling u character, that noithor of them could sleep aguin, so thoy kept their light burning nnd talked, Keziah related to her friend how she had wandered along the road to Wover- haropton in the night time, and then bow a break came, and she could remember nothing until she uwoko in one of the wards of the Wovcr- hampton Hospital ; and she was told she had bad a fever, When 6ho was well enough to go out, they had given her tho money they had found in her clothes, aud she hid come straight I to Manchester. I Then, about dawn, Kezinh fell asleep again ; and Maud remained awake. The sound_ eho had heard bad been exactly liko tho smashing of thohalldnrap by something falling upon it. When dnyligbt canity sho was glad iuileeil to end a night of wondering and silence. She was dressing herself when a postman's knock came to the door. Uow early tho post is this morning," sho thought. Ifc'WasnotA letter; it was a telegram. Sho swayed and fell, crying, in a suffociting voice, 44 My darling's dead, he's dead." Keziah, -weak though sho was, gained her side, picked up and rend the telegram. Yes, ho was dead. Maud lost her consciousness entirely. And when at laat she camo to herself, it was only to cry, 44 He 19 dead ! andmow he will never learn to !ovo<me again." Sho became so ill that a servant waB despatched for a doctor. Ho ordered what is always ordered in such cases, end can never be obtained— rest. And the day wore on, aud. Keziah and Maud wept in com pany. They were both widows now. Tho -noxt morninc n lntfpr <tf Ttnrit/Milam cimc. Tom Towers had pasecd his examina tion, and bad gone to his hotel, and right up to his room, which was at the top. And'byucci. dent, it was believed, -ho had fallen over tbo 'oanistera from -tho top to the bottom of that .great -building, smashing the hall lamp by hie fall. .Inside was a letter ad frosted in his hand writing to >bis wife. 44 Read it, Kizzy," she -said, "for I cannot.' Kizzy opened it and read, with dilated eyes and horror in her faco . 44 1 have passed ey examination, Maud, my own much-loved wife, and shall end it all to night. Shall I tell you why? l ean bear lifo no R'Waa I who committed the murder .poor Eiworthy was accused of. I-did not mean to doit, 1 swear -I did not, I ought, perhaps, to -havo -died aud never told you. But you migbthear of it someway. You would bear it better coming from me. Tlio .money I have had from you at different time# has been to purcboso tho silence of a man who -saw me commit tbe<deeed. "Aud-now with mv last words I begyou-to Jorgivo «me, and to believe how well a have loved you. The man will trouble you no more wheu 1 am gone. You will, 1 know, believe I did not mean to do it. And now I enter on another world, where wo may yet meet if God imrdons mo, as I am sure you will, 44 Yotm heanxnnoke?/ Husuaud.'" , Kezinh did -not show this letter to Miud for a- day or two, not till a verdict had boengivon at the mqueet of 44 Accidental death, duo to over-excitement from examination." Maud never saw his body, and never oven saw tho coffin. Sho felt it would have killed her. He was haried in Mauohester, in tho cemetery where she had so often walked. CHAPTER XLIK, — Jubai. Instoccts me Unclb in tub Ways op Socibtt. In the afternoon of a very dull Saturday in January, two years after Kezinh Haekbit and Maud Towers wore made widows, preparation wore being mode at Tho Chestnuts at Bowdon for a psrty which Mr. David Ruaoon vraa to g'vo to some of -his nephew's friends. Jubal, who now boasts of something more than down on his upper lip, and has grown broader and handsomer, stands with his back towards tho drawing-room fire, his hands threat into his transera pockets and his head potod super" ciliously, David, anxious and nervous, watches I his nopbew'fi taoo,juilto team JUs oontont or I discontent in it. I 44 Well, Jubal," be remarked, passing 0110 baud through hi hair, which was growing very scanty now, 44 does thu room look liko other peoplo's now? Doyoulikoit?" 44 well, really, undo." replied Jubal, breaking into alight laugh anu showing a shining row of teeth, 41 as I choso all the things, it would be praising mysulf.if I Biiiil I liked thoui." j David hooked both his thumbs into thO arm- holes of his waistcoat hud looked quizzically at his nephew. 44 Yes, of courso, Jubalj" he' said; "but is the furniture properly put in tho 1 00m ? You see I'vo no other room to compare it with." 44 Oh, yes." Jubal allowed, 44 it looks well enough, '' Ho had got iuto the way of not expressing much pleasure at anything. 44 And undo, if you don't miiul luy mentioning it, porhaps it may he as wall that you should not >ut your thumbs in your waistcoat arm-holts >eforo tho follows that aro coming here. Fellows are apt to take thoso things for indi cations, yon know. And," ho ndded, without noticing tho manner in which poor David removed tho thumbs iu quostion, 44 don't you thiuk really now that you could manage to use h's just a little? I shouldn't liko to hoar tbo fellows describe you as 'young Rtmmon's uncle, innocent of h's. Ira suro Medwin laughed when you askod him to como to your' 'oubo; and after all, it's a simple enough raattor to sny 4 house,' and so much hnngs on it." Poor David was completely in a flutter, and all tho more likely to show badly beforo tho 44 follows" ou that account, 44 You see, .Tubal," be said, not ut all crossly, 441 nover bad much schooling-; I went to work when I "And there's another thing," SBid Jubal, Hushing. 44 I'my, don'trofcr to the time when you went to work." There was almost impationco in tho tono in which David replied to thie. 44 It may bo an easy niaMer to you. Jubal. But at ray timo of life it's no easy mutter. I have managed to got ou ami make 11 little money without h's ; though I am sure 1 didn't kuow that I talkod any dilYereut to other people before." 44 That's what I thought," said Jubal, 44 and for that reason I draw you attontiou to it. Don't imagine that 1 wish to hart your feelings." Rut Jubal had hurt his uncle's feelings, and very deeply too ; but he, with his native geuilpinanlinc49, which existed despite his lack of li'a, did not turn upon hinvnophow with a rude rejoinder, ns that young gentleman would Cirtainly have dono, could thoy havo cxch&uged; places. Neither did he wound Tubal's feelings by telling h<iu of tho wound ho bad iufUctod, thereby proving himself tho truo gontloraan ; for are not all tlio rules of society founded upon this basis, the avoidance of openly wouuuing the feelings of others ? 44 1 don't uriud altering anything.' said David, if I uni able to do it, nud it's for your welfare." ' I thi ught you'd tako it like that," returned Jubal. 44 You re an awfully good follow." It Jubat imugiuod that this sulvo would heal tho wound bo had indicted, he was miBttken. lie lia l robboil his uncle of confidence, and given him mtetrust of himself in placo of it. He had called his undo a hctir, aud thought that patting hitn on tho head, and saying, 44 Good fellow," as ho might havo dono to a dog, would quite make up for it. Uo might have re membered that even a dog who has been well thrashed rather resent) thau is grateful for tho pata upon tho sore places given him in tokon of reconciliation. But on tho strength of David's saying nothing moro than wo have recorded, Jubal thought ho would contiuuo -tho lesson which had been so well received, haviog no penetration into tho real stato of his uncle's feelings ; at thoso who do not love scarcely over have. "And you kuow, uuelo," ho wont on,' 44 gentlemen don't Bay 4 Sir' to oiio another. Iu fact, there's littlo noccBsity for calling anyone anything. If you have occasion to use a ii&mo; nt all, you from your position might uso the surname nlouc, as soon as you know them - a littlo ; otherwise you cau say 4 Mr. So-aud-So,' but never 4 Sir.' 44 Well, that is Btrange," said David, 44 1 was brought up to think 4 Sir, tho right thing." 44 Ncvor mind what your bringing up was," returned Jubnl, 14 I'll tell you the way to treat these fellows. You must protend to look down on them instead of up to thorn." / 44 Is there any necessity at ull for that r" said David. 14 Why should thero bu looking down or looking up ?" 44 That's mat what it ie," Jubal replied. 44 There's always looking down and looking up. And so you must look down on theso fellows, or they'll soon reckon you up. You musn't remember anything except thatyou're a manufacturer and a .rich man; and theso follows may bo swells nnd nil that, but I cata tell you, between ourselves, thoy often don't know which way to turn for money ; so you've uo need to let them look down on you. And now, uncle, if you don't object, I'll put you into your suit, so that you may havo timo to get. used to it a bit," 'This suit was of a pattern such as David had' never had on beforo. But, us Jubal had told his undo, ho dressed altogether out of his position. 44 Yea, I'll put the suit ou if you like, Jubal. I'm afraid it won't look very well on mo. And you didn't tell ute what thc60 round tublo9 aro for, Jubal." 44 Oh, never tniud. about that,"- replied his nephew. 4 1 Coino and havo your clothes on." As they parsed out at the (loor, David looked back ruefully nt bis metamorphosed drawiog- rooiu. It was very pretty, with its rose- coloured curtains and furniture, palo carpot, aud straugo eabiuets. But David's drawing- room was gone. Ho could never tako nSunday afternoon nap on that coueb. It made liim tremble even to tbiuk of it. Iu fact, ho couldn't use tho room for anything auy more. Every thing was gono that ho wanted, and ovcry thing there was useless to him ; aud there was a great deal of disappointment in his mind when ho looked at tho spot formerly occupied by au old- fashioned bureau which would open out, and on which ho wroto his letters, and in tho drawer of which ho kept his camomile flowers, from which he tnnde herb ten, as ho callod it. It wns hard to bco this spot occupied by a perfectly uncles thing with glass in front, through which could bo seen a numbor of very ugly curiosities. However it had been inevitable, as the new salt proved to be. 44 Thore, unclo, you'll look something like, now," said young Himmou, standing at a little distance for tho purpose of j udging the effect of this new tailoring achievement. 44 It doesn't feel very comfortable," David remarked, ruefully. "It's too tight around tho waist. I must undo this button." 44 Ob, -no; you mustn't do anything of the sort. That would spoil tho effect entirely. You'll soon get used to it. And, you seo, when that's buttoned you won't forget and put your thumbs in your waistcoat armholes, or your waistcoat pocket." 44 It's very hot and uacomfortablo up here," said David, feeling towards his chest. 44 It seams too thick somehow." 44 If it's hot all the better this cold weather. They always put a bit of padding in there; it makes the coat sit well. You'll get to liko it." 44 But, really, lean assure you, Jubal," said bis uncle, in some concern, 44 1 can't wear these shoes. They hurt me. I'm suro thoy'ro two I sizes too small." 44 You -didn't say so in the shop. Besides, it's all rnbbisb. If people have keen used to wearing boats on their feet, they're sure to fancy their feet aro confiucd too closely in a pair of ordinary shoos." 44 Bot why can't I pnt on the pair of slippers that Kizzy worked for mo?" pleaded David. 44'0b, if you4re going to get obstinate," said Jubal, protending to got vexed. 44 I'll try to got used to them," 6aid David. "Perhaps, if I walk about iu thorn, they'll got easier." And he made tho attempt. 44 0h«h-h," cried Jubal, aghast. "You mustn't limp about liko that. The fellows'll roar." "PerhapB they'll get oasier just now," said poor David, 44 or -else I shall really be obliged to take them off." 41 Oh, bless you, you'll got used to it, uncle. Everybody's boots hurt them, only they pro tend thoy don't. I'm sure minodo; and, you see, you vo always tno advantage of being able to put on fiorno big shoos wheu nobody's here." David was silent. He was ruminating. If society made such demands as theso, it must surely have some big return to give. David could not exactly see any return, but then that was his ignorance. Taking advantago of the silence, Jubal wont on talking. "I'm glad that the waiter has arrived in good timo. I shall go in and give him some directions. And mind you don't treat him as if he's a stringer, and had in for the evening. You must order him about well, you know. And you mustn't say ' please' to him, nor 4 thank; you people never do that in socioty," Boor Divid felt himself ia a labyrinth of now formalitioe and ideas. Ho knew his troubles wero not over. Children are to be pitied some times when, under merciless teachers, they tread their first steps towards loaning; but how much moro the old pupil who takes bis first Ieteone at tho tyrannical and merciless school of society. CHAPTER L. — JUEAL'S FBIENM. As eight o'dook approached, the bcll rang, aod David trembled. He hau been told by Jubnl that ho must receive tho guests, and he inwardly wished that tho earth would receive htm. cat tho oarih is not kiurily ia this respect; arid though for -indefinite ceuturics sho has been frequently called. upon to perform this office, sho has but rarely been known to ac- ccdo to tho demand, nud in theso fowmases tho result has probably not produced all thu satis- fiction desired. . : j Tho waiter iuiuonnced. tbo Honourable Pel- ham Winterfold and Mr. Allan Denlcigb. David nervously shook bauds, and aluuk iuto tho back-grouuu, whilo the new arrivals ex changed greetings of a freer kind with tho nophow, whom thoy callod "Rimmon." - Thoy appeared to havo dtned, aud wero iu strikingly high spirits. 44 Snug littlo place you havo here," romarkod Winterfold, addressing David, who started vfolontly, aud muttoreusomothiug inaudible. 44 Yes, quito so," assented Mr. Donloigh, throwing himself unceremoniously upon onoof the new satin chairs, and shaking out a highly- scouted handkerchief boforo applying it.to tho prominent feature of bts faco. _ 44 Are wo to play high or low to-night f" in- quired Winterfold backing towards tho fire, and remaining stationary in front of it. 44 As far as II am concerned," said Mr. Dou- leifili, in a high treble, 14 half-crowns ere all the piecos I am worth. Pluyod out, you know, lAst night. Awful bad luck. We wore nil at Springwood'e. Deuced hot time of it. . Spring- tyood pcrc won everything." 41 He's a triflo too sharp," replied Wintor/old. 'fBut, you see, one must bo willing to pay a littlo for one's pleasures ; and his daughters are deucedty fine girls." 44 Winterfold's going to induce tho youngest to marry him and loavo the stage," said Dcu- Icigh, winking at Jubal. 44 Sho'd mako a chnrmiDg 4 my lady,1 eomo day." ! 44 Thanks," said Winterfold without moving auy feature oxcopt his upper lip, which curled slightly. 44 Marrying's not in my line. Besides, 1 aon't consider that Miss Juliet or her Biators tyould bo rnuoh good in electioneering, and everything depends ou a man's wife if ho liae a Parliamentary career before him ; dooBn't it, Mr. Rimmon r" he said, appealing to David. David was bo much aghast at what ba had heard, that bo could uot stammer out a word of reply, He had not understood the conver sation in tho least ; bnthowaa undortho im pression that all was not right. So bo pro tended not to hoar when Wintoifold addressed 'him, and oxamined a picture on tho wall, as if he had never seen it before. 44 You'd do a lot iu Parliament," remarked Jubal ; 44 you need to have a wifo who would do somotbiug. Audi don't think Mis9 Juliet can do anything, unless it's dancing ; eho can't act at all-; and ns for singing— well, I cau't thiuk what Springwood'e dreaming about, to put in so many songs for her." . 41 Well, you see," Winterfold rejoined, "the British' thoatro-goer has uot a very good ear for music, and sho always gets applauded. But whatever bo her merits, slio's not for mo, oven if I wished it. Sho's already the secret pro perty of a. certain judge who often dines at my father's tabic, and preaches morality to my .youug brothers aud sistora." Auothor ring at tho boll. "Mr, Sheridan Springwood and Mr. Richmond Scratch" wore Announced, Another ordeal for David ensued, lie went through it bottor thie timo, howevor, as he thought. In shaking hands with Mr. Springwood, lie remarked with cordiality, t Why, I knew someone of your name, Mr. Springwood; I wondor if it was a relation of youra." "Vory likely, indeed," replied that gentle man, cheerfully. " I'vo a great many about." At which there was a loud laugh, for which David saw no reason. Where did tbo people livo that you know P" went ou Mr. .Spring- wood, with tho utmost good humour, while Mr. Scratch kept as cloee.lo him asllie con veniently could, his hoad pctched 011 one side, taking it rill in. ' "In Staffordshire,'-' said David, "the Springwooda lived I know. Thoy wero batty colliers, and worked iu thol'roworth mines." . 44 Iu that ca8o,"broko in Dculeigh, 44 I can auswor for it thoy wore no relatives of this Springwood, who is most highly connected in overy way, I can assure you upou which there was another loud laugh, in. which every body joined except Springwood, who np- poarcd rathor auooyed, and curtly disclaimed tbo relationship. , " Don'tlookoack,Springwood,"8iiid Winter- fold, . nggravatingly, 44 or oteo you'll havo pcratcb writing a paragrnph about you, in which ho wjll say tuat tlio admirable manner in which this gentleman personifies Othollo can only be accounted for by those who havo the privitego of kuowinghimm privrito." - , 44 If I couldn't writo any bettor than that,' said Mr, Scratch, indignantly, "I shouldn't have been so successful us I havo been.! j 41 Ah, to be sure," cbitncd in DcnleigH, 4 4 you writo paragraphs for tho- J'olia' JVttcs now, don't you?" " If I did." replied Scratch, hotly, 44 it might bo possible that you would figure in one of thorn," 41 Oh ho," brokb/rom tho rest of them, Mr. Sheridan Springwood had received a deeper wound than appeared ou tho surface ; for ho had never yet ployed Othello, though he was tnoBt ambitious to do so, and had a dreamy notion that ho might havo mado this dosira of his public after taking n littlo too much brandy. Ho looked upon himself as a spirit io chains, for ho was at present playing Blue Beard in his father's theatre, .where nothing boyoud low burlesque was ever at- tompiea. David felt sorry for liim, though he did not iu tho least eomurehcbd tho situation. 44 Ave yon fond of acting, sir f4' asked Mr. Rimmon, forgetting his part. "Ism obliged to be, whother I am or not," replied tho actor. 44 It is iny profes sion.'-' 44 Oh, indeed!" said Mr. Rimmon, looking at him with a now interest 44 1 wns not aware of that." And ho stared at him, thinking with in himself that an actor ,looked uncommonly liko an ordinary man. 44 1 don't know what wo'vogot to amuse you, goutlemon," wont on David. " Wo might got up a charade, ns you are foud of acting." A groat roar of laughter followed this bold sug gestion, in which all joined excopt Jubal, who looked vory angry, and remarked that thoy ,wcro not infants in arms, any of thorn, aud that they would have & rubber of whist ns soon as Dm other fellows should arrive. Thoy did arrive before ho had done speaking ; onu wore announced : 44 Mr. Rufus Harris, Mr. Hunson, and Mr. Medwin." After a hurried touch of hands, tho gentle men placed themselves round two of tho tables, aud David saw now what they wero for. Pooka of cards began to bo shuffled. At the tablo nearest to David, Winterfold, Denleigh, Spring- wood, and Scratch wero seated; at tho other,- tlio rest of the party. Tho waiter came in with glasses and bottles, much to David's astonishment; and feeling himself quito liko a fish out of water, bo mado his escape through tho open door, that he might bo ablo to breathe a little. Returning to the room in the aourso of half an hour, ho found it io a state of uproar. A sharp alterca tion was going on between Winterfold and tho comedian, in which a glees had becu knocked on the table and smashed, at which Mr. Scratch abstractedly aimed an empty hotilo. David could hardly believe his oyes. He was still moro startled when ho observed Mr. Dculeigh gathering up half-crowns and pocketing them with a delighted smile. 41 They must be gambling," thought David. But Jubal assured him this was not tho case ; that each man would be given back all his lialf- crcwns at tho end, when tho party broko up, which statement was received with a buret of applause by tho company, and which poor Davio took in. David didn't smoke, ond tho drawing-room was getting really stifling by means of tho fumos of eight cigars, ond ho was literally compelled to absent bimielf. This ho did rapier unwillingly ; for ho was, in fact, any thing but easy at the oourso things seemed to bo taking. Hot knowjog what else to do with himself, he went into hie dining-room, where on elaborate supper was laid, and ho dreaded tho moment when he should have to sit at tho head of it, Tho noise in tho drawing- room increased. He heard a crash, which he aftorwards discovered to bo caused by the fall of some of tho glass pnndants from tho chandeliers, at which Mr. &craccn; caa nimea another bottle. Random throwing was always a feature in his form of drunkenness. David thought ho would quito as soon enter a lion's den as go back into tho drawing-room. Ho waited for thorn to break loose upon him in tho dining-room, when they should choose to have supper, which thoy did soon after 12. The drawing-room door was flang opon, and tho party came out quite steadily, to David's great surprise ; they did not appear to bo very drunk. Jubal placed Winterfold At David's right hand. Tho rest took their seats as thoy liked, and with an air of being perfectly at homo. "No journal'll got any paragraph from you, Scratch," remarked Hanson, who was sitting next to him. "You've pot boon looking out for anything, you know." "Oh, inaeed," replied Mr, Scratch, trying to fix his eve upon tho.spoaker, but failing in tho attempt, for that organ would wonder all about the room indefinitely, and his mouth was stretched into a strange aoilo, though he was in anything hut a good-humour. , - 44 It's a mystery how he lives at all,!? «aid Medwin, who was upon the other side of Hanson. 44 Ho'sJ always sending ia wrong in formation." „ . t . 44 That's quito true," admitted Mr. cratch. "You son, when thoro's 110 information, what a ono to do?" . , David heard this, nnd askod in some anxiety, "Am I to understand, Mr. Scratch, that you invout things to send as news to tho papers r , 44 Well, you seo, I must livo," was tho reply . David forgot to go on carving for a moment. Ho wnn thinking within himself that v"® iocounted for statements in tho papers gotting contradicted tho next day. At last David went on with his work aud with a valiant effort entered into conversation with Winterfold, who was holping himself to thowioo rather freely, as indeed most of U10 company seemed to be doing, without ceremony. , "My nophow tells mo you are at Cam bridge," ho bogan (ho nearly said 4' sir- ) 44 Well, no," replied Winterfold, with an ap proach to a grin, 44 1 was thore." 44 Ah." said David, 44 it's tho vacation now, isn't it r Whon will you bo returning f This question was greeted with laughter, especially by Donloigh, who oxplaiuod to David that Winterfold was 44 down" for a year- 44 Down?" said David, interrogatively. 44 That is, he's not to go back to Cambridge for a year." , 44 Oh," said David, 44 1 undevatand you. Your health gave way, I aupposo, air?" "Woll, no," replfod Winterfold, who cer tainly did look in protty good health. 44 1 wm sent down. Had a difference with tho tutor, you kuow," 44 Yes,4' chimeu in Denleigh, 44 and it was an awful shame, for ho would havo been suro to have come out Senior Wrangler if he had stayed up." . tt w David, out of politouees, felt obliged to con tiuuo the conversation. "It must he very pleasant at Cambridge. I passed through it once, on my way to Ely, and I thought it looked very solemn." " You'vo never seen a degree day, have you, Mr, Rimmon?" broke iu Denleigh, tossing off a glass of wino as ho spoke. David confessed that he had not. "Very solemn," said Winterfold, 44 vory. 4 I got sent down because I smiled at oue. You ro not allowed to smile in the Senate House. And yet it's difficult not to do so when you're so full of ploasuro at tho sight of so much greatness. Tho Public Orator makes a speech In Latin. ' 44 Rathor difficult to follow, isn't it?" asked Mr. Rimmon. , 44 Oh, no, not at all;" assorted Winterfold. 44 We're examined in it aitor." " I don't quito understand," said David. "This is it," put in Denleigh, winking at Winterfold. "They think it well in tho universities to train spontaneous memory, ami onoof the means is to reproduce the Public Orator's speech." 44 And when have yoti to do this? Soon after wards?" naked David. "The followiug Sunday," answered Winter- fold. "Just boforo tho sermon at tho 'Vanity Church." 44 1 didn't know thoy had anythiug of that sortin churches," David remarked, considerably astonishod. 44 But I should liko to know how thoy givo tho degrees." "Well, tho Vico-Chniicellor, you know, ho sits at 0110 end." "Does ho sit waiting for thom to come in?" iuquired David, trying to got details. "Oh, no. He has to march thrco times rouud tho town first, in gorgeous robos, preceded by two big fellows with silver pokers, and maakj ou ; and thou thoy walk all tho way up tho Sonato Houso, when it's full, to have better effect; after which tho Vice- Chancellor site down, as I told you.' "Is anybody allowed to go in?" asked David, . " Oh, yes. And it gotb pretty full, I cau tell you." "I supposo you cheer your friends when they take their dogree," David obsorved. Winfold shook his head. "Oh, no, we're not allowed to speak in tho Senate House." 44 It's voryetrango," replied David, 44 but I'vo somewhere got hold of another impression about that." 44 Misinformed," said Donloigh, 44 misin formed." 44 The best lark is when thoro are some honorary degrees," continued Winterfold. "Those fellows who are going to havo a degrco given thom, always look twice as grand as any body else. Thoy quite patroniso tho Vice- Chancellor and look up with a lofty scorn at the galleries, where wo undergraduates aro packed liko so many herrings. No doubt they would liko 119 to applaud, but, you seo, we're not allowed. . Only wish they'd got tho Littlo. go to go in for," went on tho speaker, with con siderable warmth; "they'd find it out, nud porhaps thoy wouldn't be up taking their degreo quite so eoon. A lot .of 'era camo and dinoa at our collego, at tho high table, where I usod to dine, being a fellow-commoner, you know." " What do they talk about, now?"£aidDavid, addreeain" tho fellow-commoner. "Awful rot,'.' replied Winterfold. "Thoy did nothing but pay oach other complimonts. I know ono wai trying not to got out of temper wltb another— something about tho weight of tho world. Ono eaid it weighed a quarter of an ouuco moro than tho other; and that's how it was, I think." 44 Isay, Fuss," said Donloigh to Rufus Harris, who wos-UBually so nicknamed by his friends, 44 do you remember when Professor Stargazer had his degree r" "I rememker what followed it, if I don't rcmomber that," answored Harris. " What was it?" inquired Scratch, anticipate iucr a narn?rnnh. "Y'ou'dhetterask Winterfold; hoknowsmost about it. 44 Ho wasn't my friend, at any rato. It was father ho know," broke out Winterfold, iadignautly. " I don't know what he called at my rooms lor, I didn't want to seo him, I'm sure." 44 Then why did you offer to tako him to Bie the boats?" 44 1 didn't. It was ho who asked mo to go with him." 44 Well, you needn't havo led him through such frightful' miro," went on Harris. "Be sides, it didn't look dignified to seo him running by the sido of the river, as you made him. And it was too bod to get him in such a mes9." 44 1 suppose ho know what tho river bonks were hkol- to bo when he asked," returned 44 Ho did'nt, I'll swoar." " Well, ha wasn't disgusted with me, at any rate, for ho camo into breakfast with me noxt morning, nnd a doucod lot it cost. Howover, Jiip. to pay for ifc » wont down too 1." y0,u breakfast in your own rooms, 'Mi " asked David, breaking in once moro. "Oh, yes," replied Winterfold, "if a pint of fast0" 3 a r aut utter can bo called break- "Really now, aro you not allowed to chooso what you like?" "Ob, no, not at all. Plainest possible diet, roculalodsirictly. Harris Lad tho time of it; Hlodgedout, up in Lily Crescent ; and ho passed tho evenings throwing toast into tho opposite wmdowe, where another fellow lodged. Thoro aro shops underneath, and the toast fell on tho UQopio woo went into them sometimes, aud lumps of sugar too," V was it started tho toast-throwlng," put in Harris, 44 1 should liko to know ? Both of you were ware in my rooms at that time, at any rate.' ' ull\eH; an? "collect," observed Denleigb, that you locked us in tho room till after twelve, and gotus gated." " Iieally," said David, " I had no idea that gontlemon went to universities to nmusa them selves— really I hadu't." . Thotbreonndcromduatcs laughed on hoar- mgthis. "hook hero, Mr. Ilimmon," Bald Hams, with great solomnity, "I saved both thoso mon from rum once. Tho proctor got wind of us, and tho elavey lot him into tho fCinJ»?U a" no llica wIm' awful elaveys thoso lodgiug.houio ones are. There ouoht io bo a university regulation to mako them wneh wnaT' - / 1U 5ay ,u if hou could see ono. Welt, when I heard the proctor coming up- " a, proctor ?" asked David, i- 11 tond of university policeman." re- thnnA?0"18' yu#t tocked tho door, and let two ®warm down a rope I'vo got, into tho street, and there thoy were, vou ktmar- «nA t maflo out there was something tho matter with the lock, until thoy had gonolean 0w down Shep."t nrat0- F1C" tho proctor camo in, ho saw only mo and my reuding-lamn and him If ?i?iWa" <nito amozed when I askod if anything wero tho matter — nutte K'y-.P0", !» euro. Ho said he«? tatnly thought ho heard an uproar comino from this very window. I euggMted hn rooms opposite ns tho seat of tho Stance and complmned of tho difficulty , 3 whilo there was such a row." woriang -YZpao il was aeMon ''fdLl?«y,lto&a;?ir' hotly.0""7 tla,', aU'" ,aia Denleigh, a rope in another nmifinn » uggestod facratch, who waa gottlTrathir fur gone, and hiccupped considerably. yon havo. Oh, "he said timih.. a" " I wish J had half that fellow's ?haucHe> always losing them. Only tho othor day ho was sent specially to report on tho health of n certain member of Parliament who had been lying at tho point of death and whilo he i was waiting for latest details, bo hanged if he ididn , t go and get drunk, nnd whan tho details, were given him, ho couldn't understand a word of it, nnd tliuro win nothing m tho paper neat mormug about it." . e -»»». " But there was u jolly row, Sciatch """Twondoi thoy hnd any more to do with you on Hie paper," observed Medwin, who eaid Vory littlo, hut gouorully managed to nuiko that littlo offcueivo. " Thoy know whom to vatuo," sard Scratch, laboriously. " It's more than you seem to." ' i toU yml another thing Scratch did," re; marked Hanson. " Young Ilimmon down t know it, I think, lie wont to u great tern- pcranco mooting, whoro Lord Winterfold wns presiding." " \h," said Winterfold, appreciatively, 44 my dad's awful on the teetotal question." ' 44 You havon'timblbed much of his spirit, at auy rato," put in Jubal, toughing. 44 1 prefer to imbibo spirit of another sort,' replied Winterfold. .This was pretty evident from bis action nt this moment. ' Tho gontloraan about whom the story was to bo told bogan a devil's tattoo on tho tablo wish two glasses, to drown tho voice of tho narrator. . . . Mr. Hanson only raised lua voice, und waa porfoctly audibio; while Mcdiviu, who was his supporteriu alltlunga, took tho glaasosfrom Scratch's hand", and flung thorn quioily uudor ; tho tablo, for which ho wan applauded. "I say Scratch went to this mcoting whore Lord Wintoifold was presiding; aeutou pur pose to report his speech, and bo hanged if ho didn't go druuk to tlio meeting and fall asleop iu the middle of it, and just half of tho epcoch was reported in tho pnper noxt day, und tho compositor had to mako something up to round it oil a bit." 44 It wasn't tho compositor," oxclaiuiod tho indignant Scratch, 44 who roundoff it off." % 44 That's quite immaterial to tho story," said Medwin, " Somebody had to round it off, at any rato, whether it waa tho compositor or tho doviL'' 44 And yet ho wasn't turned off tho paper," said Hanson. " lloroyou bohold him flourish- in" liko a green bay trco. You wouldn't tako him to bo a poet, now, to look at him," went on bis tormentor. Tbo wholo company agreed that thoy cor- taiuly should not. . . 44 Woll, it's all through a poem ho wroto, that got published in tho 4 Kangaroo,' that ho got bis position. Ho was only a ponny-a-Iiuor beforo thon, and now he cau take what ho ' Scratch suggested that ho should liko to tako soiuo chorry brandy, and forthwith bo helped himself, after which ho turned very aftoetion- ately toSpriugwood, and announcod his inten tion of uying if Juliot did not return his affection. 44 She cares no moro for mo," said journalist, 44 than if I wero nobody," winch wns probably tho truth. David began to bo alarmed at tho prospect o soma private revelation. Nono followed, how ever. But Scratch forvently promised Spring- wood that ho would writo tho host notice imaginable about tho now burlcBquo then' coming on. . .... 44 Look hero, old fellow," naid, you shall writo down what you want me to any, and I'll put it in form." So Springwood and Scratch shook hauus, and Scratch invitod himself to lunch at Spring- wood's tho following Monday, whoro ho would eatch n glimpse of Miss Juliot beforo sho went to rohcarBftl. Hero, without any prelude, Mr. Denleigh unuounced in eong his iutention of not going homo till morning. All tho company, oxcept David, joined him iu tliis, aud n great uoiso ensued. It was about 3 o'clock in tlio morning when a flood of light shot across tho path from Tho Chestnuts, and seven rollicking figures turned out, still insisting thnt they wore not going homo till morning. Most of them had not far to go. fortunately. But Springwood nnd Scratch had to got into the boart of Manchester somehow. As a matter of fact they didn't'pet h jmo at all that night, owing to Mr. Scratch's sitting down on a stono in tho high road, . and refusing to stir, doclaring in sepulchral tones that this was tho hoadstono of the gravo of his fallen genius. . As for Jubal, ho was stretched at full length under the dtnineroom table, until his undo and tbo waiter carried him upstairs; the- former, wretched and dazed, not in the least knowing what action to tako, and- repenting as bitterly that ho had adopted Jubal. CHAPTER LI.—' Tnii Dbnleigjis. " About two miles, outside Bowdon was a; dreary, stretch of land, productive chiefly of thistles. A widish brook intersected this pioco of waste, aad pollard willows of gaunt and weird proportions flourished on its banks. No other trees wore to bo seen, with tho oxccpiion ; of three solitary straight poplars that stood; eontincl over a bed of osiers. Tho land was pat to no sort of use, and had a man-and- Qod- forsaken aspect rarely to be met with, but not easily to bo forgotten. No cows grazed thore, no cottagors mado use of the deserted placo to run pigs or ducks out, no birds over cccmod to bo singing in tbo immediate neighbourhood ; not even a donkey browsed thore, though his favourite herb was most abundant. A narrow footpath lay right across it by tho side of tho brook, and finally crossod tho brook by a littlo bridge, with a rail on ono side only. The path was not much worn, as thore was a moro direct road than across these fields to almost any where It could lead to. At ono 6cason of the year it nearly always became flooded. Tho pcoplo who owned this land lived in an old-faBhioncd great houso, situate in a valley about half a mile distant from it. Tho reader might conclude cithor that there was no roaster to this establishment, or that ho was abroad. Neither was tbo case. . Colonel Denleigh scarcely ever left tho houso, which everyone else in it devoutly wished ho could leave. They led but a dreary life, oxcept when tho colonel's nephew and a chauco friend camo homo from Cambridge. Mrs. Douloigh, a tall tody, with much to boast ofiu tho way of ansestors, and an indescrihablo air of never for a moment for getting that she usod to be young and good- looking, invited such society as could he got tugothcr, considering that her husband was a confirmed invalid, and a thought too likely to quarrel, and that sho was encumbered with a rather plain daughter, who, if sho did not know that she wns plain, had the lesson pretty well drummed into hor in her daily contact with her worthy parents. It will be imaglnod that Wintorfolu's advent was a perfect godsend. "For who knows," said Mrs. Denloigh to her husband, when ho was in ti rather better temper than usual, which was not saying much, 44 but what ho raoy marry Amelia oft our hands ? I do think there's nothing so disagreeable and irritating to soo a girl mota- morphoscd into an old maid under one's very eyes." 44 Nono of the other fellows that havo come here have married her," retorted her husband, snappishly. 44 Evorybody isn't such a born fool ns I wns." Mrs. JJenloigh was so accustomed to this kind of remark that sho went on without noticing it, 44 It's of no use to tako Amolia to dinner parties and to balls. She doosn't show there. She shines in a domestic light. Therefore if wo wish to marry her, we must bring young mon to stay in tho house and sea what sho ie." 11 If sho shines in a domestic light," said tho irritable father, 44 it's more than her mother doe.1' This conversation, with slight variations took place at least once or twics in every vaca tion, when Allan proposed to bring a friend On Sunday morning following the party at The Cbesnuts, tho colonel, with the aid of the the butler ana one or two moro servants, bad been landed in the breakfast parlour, and waa angrily looking out on a dreary stretch of lawn, and a partially frozen ftehuond at the bottom of it. There was no newspaper, and this always vexed him. It was tho ona drawback to Sun day, in his opinion. For this reasou it was but peevishly that he replied to tho greeting of Winterfold, who entered tbo room as faded- looking as any painted beauty appears at hor breakfast-table after a night's revel. "Morning," grunted the colonel. "Think wo shall have any skating?" askod Winterfold, rubbing his bloodshot eyes with a silk handkerchief. ' 'Itow am, I «".?" ropliod the colonel. " rtio weather a nothing to do with me. I wi«h Allan?" 8 ,hl,t breakfast Whore's " Here, undo," said that gentleman, entering the room as washod-ont as his companion" 44 Do you want me for anything ? 44 Where's Amelia ?" "Hang it all, undo, what's np with von this morning?" J Tho colonel mado no reply, hut continued to scowl through tho window. When Amelia camo in, and nodded to her cousin and his companion, and kissed tho colonel's foreheod, she seated herself at tho table to disponso tho breakfast, which had been brought fn on her entrance. Perhaps she was a triflo plain, but sho looked very pleasant, which was a credit to her In such a place. joaeoing to help mo up to tho tabio or not? said the colonel tohte ncphow; ' Wky. certainly, sir/4 replied the individual. But you might ask in a different manner.' I And Winterfold on ono side, nnd Dealoii?hon tho other, ejeorted tho bristiiug colonel to his accustomed seat. Conversation was uot readily mado, as tlio two yoting gentlemen hud headaches; the older gentleman, a gonoral acho all over, produced by combinofl rhouinatisui and gout, which, in fact had crippled him. As. for Amolia she never talked much— perhaps . because hor ' elders had sbt lior tbooxaranlo of talkinga great deal mora than thoy should havo dono.. She did, how- over, ask if hor cousin and Mr. Wiatorfold wore going to church with hor. 44 Wo may as go," ;said Denleigh to ',hia companion, rathor than in answer to his coiiain. 44 wo mny soo thoso girls." 1 44 What girls?" Inquired tho colonel. 44 Well, to toll you tho truth, wo dou't kuow," replied Allan, 14 but. wo know where thoy live, und I wish aunt would call on their folks." ' 44 What aro thoy liko?" tho colonel proceeded to ask, with a show of interest. " Rather difficult to describo," said his nepitow. 44 Thov aro bctli tall. But I think tho dark one's the prettiest. .She's more. . piquaut, at any rate.' Tho colonel, who was always desirous to add to his acqunintnnco any goou. looking women, mentally rcsolvod that his wife shoulif call upon-' thorn, whoever they wore, and .invito them to his next dinner, if thoy could be got to come. But ho remarked aloud, not being ablo to ex press this to his wifo At tho moiiientt that he. did wish Mrs. Dontofgh would leavo off that' habit of having breakfast in bed, and come down, as auy otiier.lady would. ' . , Boforo breakfast was fiuishod, Mrs. Denleigh did nrrivo, but dressed for church. 44 Look hore, aunt," began Allan at once, 44 I'll show you thoso young ladies I spoke or to-day. They aro sure to bo at church, find undo wants you to call on thom." 44 Which I BhnUnot do ' until I c.ru fiudont who thoy aro," said tho proud lady, with a- haughty and disdainful look at Lcr husband. 44 If array gontlomeu aro contout to make in- discriminate acquaintances, they can scarcely expect their wivos to follow suit." That morning after church Denleigh managed to got tho Rector's wife to introduce tho lauios in qucstiou to his aunt. After a f iw common place remarks, tho ladies passed on, and Mrs. Donloigh naked tho Rector's wifo who thoy wore. "Thoy are two widows who lire together," . was tbo reply. 44 Very quiet, and keep a great doal to themselves, 1 havo heard, sly hus band has been insisting that I should get them out. "But do you mean to toll tin,'' said Mrs, Denloigh, 44 that that ono with thu short black curteisawidow? Sho doesn't look out of her toens." 4,Sbo is a widow, and has a littlo boy. I, havo sceu him out with his nurse. But she is- very gross-grained, and will hnrdlv let you look nt tho child," A fow minutes later, as they were walking along the road bordcriug on the wasto land wo havo spoken of, Winterfold descried two black figures moving loisurely along nt tbo sido of the brook. Ho indicated tho fact to bis friend;, and when onco tho ladies of their own party had turned round tho coiner nbieh led into their own grounds, Winterfold :md Denloigh' mado a simultaneous rush towards tho Utilo- bridgo that led across tho brook ititj tho waste : land, and then walked leisurely enough towards tbo two block advancing figures. 41 Wo must tako off our hats, tMVMti80,you6eo». wo'lidvo beGn introduced," said Winterfold.. " Wo'vo- no .nood to wait for thein." They wero quito closo to tho ladies now, and off went tho hats. , Tho two girls bowed slightly and' gravely, and passed on, tolking together. Tho young mon wore now uncertain what to- do. , -".Wo may as woll go on to the high rood," said Denleigb, 44 Thoy are bound to como back this way, unless thoy go by tbo liiph road; for' that Way loads uownoro except to uur house or else following thom. "Deuced cheek, whichever - it is," And as tho 'stranger pimcd by thom, thoy greeted him with ia naughty, (tore, which- hb returned with ono equally haughty, (TO UB CONTINUED.) ' 