Tli&j; BUKGJLAK/S GHOST. [Chambers's Mihcella^y. ] I am not an imaginative) man, and no ono who knows me cati say that I have ever indulged in sentimental ideas upon any sub ject. I am rather predisposed, in fact, to look at everything from frotn a purely practical Btand point, and this quality has been further developed in me by the fact that for twenty years I have been an active member of the detoctive police force at Westford, a large town ill one of our most important manufacturing districts. A police man, most people will Veadilv believe, has to deal with so . much - practical 'qualities.: and lio is more apt to believe in tangible things than in idons of a somewhat superstitious nature. However, I was ohce Under the firm conviction that I had been largely helped up the ladder of life by tlio ghost of a once well-known burglar. I havo told the story to many, and havo heard it commented upon in variousiasViions. Whethsr tho comments woro satirical or praoticul, ib iliado no dif ference to inej I liad a arm faith at that time in thb truth of my tale. Eighteen years ago I was a plain-clothes officer at Westford. I was then twenty-three years of age, and vory anxious about two mattes. First and rfotettiOst, 1 desired pro motion! second, I wished to be married. Of courso I was more eager about the second than the first, because my sweetheart, Alice Moore, was one of the prettiest and cleverest girls in the town; but I put promotion first for tho simplo reason that with me promotion must come before marriage. IvnoA-ing this I was always on tho lookout for a chance of distinguishing myself, and I paid such at tention to my duties that my siiperiOi's began to notice me, and foretold a successful career for me in the future. One evening in the last week of Septem ber 1873, I was sitting in my lodgings wondering what I could do to earn the pro motion which I so earnestly wished for. Things were quiet just then in Westford>atid I am afraid I half-wished that Bometllihg deeadful might ocour if only I eoilld have a share in it. I was pursuing this train of thought when I suddenly heard a voice say:' ' Good- evening, officer.' I turned sharply round.. It was almost \ dusk, and my lamp was not lighted. For all that, I could see, clearly enough, a man who was sitting by a chest of drawers that stood between the door and the window. His i cluir stood between the drawers and the i door, and I concluded that lie had quietly 1 onterod my room and' seated himself before j addressing me. < ' Good-evening)' I replied. ''1.didn't hear you come in.' He lftiigiifid when I saidthat—<V low; chuckling) rather sly laugh. 1No-,' llti said, ' I dessay not, ofliceh I'til 5i very quiet sort c£ person-. Yotf tiilght say, in.fact—noiseless. •Just so.1 :. . ....; :■ " i I looked afc liim narrowly, fooling consider ably surprised and astonished at his presence. He was a tliickly-built man, with a square face and heavy chin..: His nose- -wis small but aggressive; his eyes were little and over shadowed by. 'heavy eyebrows; I could see them twinklo when he spoke. As for his dress, it was in kefepihg with his face. He wore a tought suit'of woollen ; or frieze; a thick, gaily-coloured Belcher neckerchief en circled his bull- like thtoafc'i and itt his tig hands he continually twirled and twisted a fur capi .made'apparently .out of the skin of Sotue favorite dog. As ho sat there smiling at mo. and saying nothing,'it raa'do mefidel uncomfortable. .1.: ' > 1 ' What do you Want with me V I asked. 'Just a little matter o> business,'he an swered. : 'You should liave gone to the office,' I said. 1 We'ro not supposed to do business at home.' . _. .. , , 'Eight you arey giiv\lor,V he replied. ' But I want to soc you. It's you that's got to do my job. If I'd lia' seen the superin tendent, he might ha' put somebody else on to it. That wouldn't'ha' suited me. Yp*i see, officer, you're yoiing, 'And liftt'raliy eager-like, for promotion^, Eli t' : What is it yoU Vraht V I inquired again. .'Ain't you eager to be premoted 1 he re iterated. ' Ain't you, now, officer?' t saw no reason why I should conceal the fact, even from this strange visitor. I admit ted that I,was eager for promotion. ' Ah !' ho Said with a satisfied smile; ' I'm glnd o' that. It'll make you all the keener. —Now, officer, you listen to mo. I"n\ agoin' to put you on to a nico little job. Ah! I des say you'll be a sergeant before long, you will. You'D bu complimented and praised for your clever conduct in this 'ere affair. Mark my words if you ain't.' ' Out with it,' I said, fancying I saw through tiie man's meaning. - ' You're . going to split on some of your pals, I suppose, and you'll want a reward V He shook his head. ' A reward,' he said, .'.wouldn't be;no uso to me at"\all—np,vnbt if it was a thousand pounds.1 "No; it ain't uoth ing to do -with reward.- But now, officer) did you ever hear of Light-toed; Jim V Light-toed Jim 1 I should have been a poor deteotive if I had not. Why, the man known wilder that sobriquet was one of the cleverest burglars and a famous career that his name was a household word. '• " Well, he is hanging round herfe tor no good, and he has his eye on the 'ere mansion of Miss • Singleton,; 'that rich old lady as lives out on the Maple ton road. Youi know her—awfully rich, with nought but women servants and animals about the place. There's some very valuable plate there. That's what Light-toed Jifti'fi after. ;He'll get in through the scullery window about one ■ a.m.; tlleh he'll pass through the front and b<Ack kitchens and into the butler's pantty—joiily.its a butleress, 'cos there ain't no men at all—and there he'll set to work on the safe. Some of his late pals in Portland gave him the tip about this 'ere job.'. . r r . ' How did you come to hear of it,' I asked., 'Never mind, guv'nor. You wouldn't understand. Now, I want you to be.up there to-night, and to nub Light-toed. Jim red handed, so to speak. It'll mean promotion for you, and it'll suit me right down to the ground. You want to bo about and watch him enter. Then follow him, and dog him. And bo armed, officer, for Jim'11 fight like a tiger if you dou't draw his teeth first.' ' Now, look here, my man,' said I. ' This is all very well; but it's very irregular.: You must just tell me who you are, and "how: you come to be in. Light-toed Jim's secret, ] and I put it down in black and white. I turned'away from him to get my writing ) .materials. I was not a half-minute with my back to him, but when I turned round he was gone!: The dcor was shut, but Iliad heard no sound from it either opening or shutting. Quick as thought I darted to it, tore it wide open, and looked down the narrow staircase. There was no one there I ran hastily downstairs into the passage, and found ray landlady, Mrs Marriner, standing at the open door with a femalo friend. 'Mrs Marriner,' I said breaking in upon their con versation, which way did that man go who. came down-stairs just now V Mrs Marriner looked at me strangely. ' There ain't been no man come down- stairs, fir. Parker,' said she—' leastways, not> this good three-quarters of an hour, which me and Missis Higgins 'ere, as ave come out to take ail airing, her having been ironing all this blessed day,' as been standin' here all tho time and ain't neverseen a soul.' ' Nonsense !' I said. ' A man came down from my room just now—the man you sent up twenty minutes since.' Mrs Marriner looked at me with an ex-, pression betokening tho most profound as-, tonishment. Mrs Higgins sighed deeply. *' Mr. Parker,' said Mrs. Marriner, ' sorry' am I to say it, sir, but you're either intoxi cated or else you're a-sickening for brain fever, sir. 'There ain't no person entered1 this door, in or out, for nigh on to an hour, for nio'and Missis Biggins 'ere will take our' Bible oaths on? : I went up-shiirs and looked in the rooms; on either side of mine. The man was not: here. Hooked under my bed, and of course' ho was not there. He must have gone down stairs.. YBut then tho woman must have seen him. There was only one door to tho house. I gavo it up in despair, and began to smoke my pipe. By tho tiive I had drawn the last whiff I had decidcd that if any one was ' intoxicated,' it was probably Mrs Marriner and Mrs Iiiggins, and that my strange visitor had departed by the door. I was not going bo believe that ho had anything supernatural about him. I had no duty that night; and as tho hours wore on I found myself stern in my resolve to '/•> up to Miss Singleton's house and see ■ what I could make out of my informant's ' 3tory. It was my opinion, that my late visitor was a whilom ' pal of Light-toed Jim's, and that having become aware of tho hitter's plot, he had, for some reason of his'own, de cided to split on his old chum. Thieves' dis agreement is an honest man's opportunity, and! determined'to solve the truth of the story told mo. Lest it should come to hotliing, I decided not roport the matter to my chief. If I could really capture Light toed; Jim, my succefis frolild be all tho more brilliant by being suddenly sprung upon by the authorities. I made my plan of action rapidly. I took a revolver with me, and went up to Miss Singleton's house. Fortunately, I knew the housekeeper there—a middle- aged, strong minded womatl, not Oaslly frightened, which Was ft good thing. To her 1 communicated Such information; as I considered necessary. SheconsOilted to conceal meiil tlifcl robin where tile safe Stood. There was a cupboard close by the safe, from which I could command a full view of the burglar's operations, and pounce upon him at the right moment. If only my information was to be relied upon, there was every chanCe of iny capturing the famous burglar; Sti.oil (iftfir midnight, whon tho house was ail quiet,' I went to the pantry and got into tho cupboard,; locking myself in. There weretwoopeningsin tho pai'el, through either of which I.was able to command a full view of theroonii My position was somewhat cramped but the tune soon passed away. My mind was principally occupied in wondering if I was really about to have a chance of ' dis tinguishing myself. Somehow there was an air of unreality about the events of the even ing which puzzled me, Suddenly I heard a sound which put me on tho alert at once. It was nothing mote than the creaking of a board or opening of a dodr wotlld make in a quiet hdtisej but it .sblinded intensified to niy expectant; cat-m . I dt'ew myself up -igainst the door of the cupboard and placed my eye to the opening in the panel. I had oiled the key of the door, and kept my fingers upon it, in readiness to spring upon tho burglar at the proper moment. Afterwhat seemedsome time I saw the gleam of light through the keyhole of the door opening iilto the piintr^.,. Tiled it Opened) and ii ttldn Mrl'ylttg a small lantern SilM6 gently into the room. At first I could see nothing.of his face ; but when my eyes !>rew accustomed to the hazy light, I saw that [ had been' rightly informed, and that indeed ihe burglar was no other than the famous Light-toed Jim. .; ■; As I stood there Wfttbhinfchirtij iboiild not lelp admiring tile Bodl fashion in which he went to Work. He went over to the window itid'examined it. He tried the door of the iupboard iil which I stood concealed; Then 10 locked tile doot rjf the print ty ahd turned lis ttttehtioii to the safe. He sot his lamp >h a chair,before the lock and ftook from his jocket as neat anj:l.pret,ty a boilefctidii rif tools is ever I saw. "With tlibab li9 Weill tjuietly ihtj 'QlViltlVitn ffnrlr. Light-toed Jim was a somewhat slimly kuilt felXpvc, with little muscular, develop ment about him, while I am a big man with plenty of bone and sinew. If matters had come to a fight between us I could have done what 1 pleased with him ; but I knew that Jim would not chance a fight. Somewhere about him I .felt sure there was ■ n revolver, which ho could use on the least provocation. My plan), therefore. Was to. Walt until his back-was bent elver the lock of the safe, then to open the cupboard door rioisblcssly and fall bddily Upttn .hihi, jjiriiiittg liiiii to the grditnll bbn'dilth 1118; Before long, the moment came. IIo was working steadily away at tlie,lock; hjs whole attention concentrated oh thb j (,>}>. The slight ii'oigb bf iliftdMll was suilicicrit to I arbwn the faint click of the key in the cup board door: .1 turned it quickly and tumbled right upon him, driving tho tool.out of his hands and tumbling him updn a hoap at the foot'of the,Safe. He' uttered ail exclamation of ra.ge ritid. astpiti&lhhWnb; tie tfbiit dbwn, dhd irhhiSaiafcely began to wriggle under me like an eel. As I kept him down, with one hand, I tried.to pull o'd't the handcuffs with the other. •! This 'somewhat embarrassed me, and the burglar profited by it to pull out a sharp knife. "Heliad worked himself round tin his. ba'ck,; iin'd b'pfore I realised what lie was after,. he was hacking furiously at m'e with his keen dagger-liko blade. Then ;I realised that we. were going to have a t'ghfc for it,.and prepared myself. He tried to run the knife into my side, I warded it off; but the blac^e. caught tho fleshy, part of my left arm, and I felt a. warm stream of.blood spurt out.. That maddened me, and I seized one of the steel drills lying near at hand and hit my man such a blow! over the (emples that he collapsed at onco and lay as if dead. I put tho handcuffs on him instantly, and, to make matters still more certain, I securcd his ankles. Then J rose and looked at my arm. The knife had made a nasty gash, and the blood was flowing freely ; but it was not serious; and when tho housekeeper,'' who just then appeared, . on the scene, had bandaged it, I went out and secured the help of the policeman I first met • in convoying Light-toed Jim to the office. ' •I felt.a proud man when'I mads ray' re; port to theinspfcbtoh " 1 Light-toed Jim?' said lie. 'What, James Bland ?' Nonsense,' Parker.' . But I took liini to tho cells, where Jim was being attended to by the doctor. ■ ' You're rjght, Parker,'he said. 'That's the man. Well, this will be a fine thing for yoii.' ■ """ . i After a time, feeling a bit exhausted, I . went home to try and get, some sleep. - The surgeon had attended to my arm', and told me it was but a superficial wound. It felt sore enough in spite of that. . I had no sooner reached.my,-iodgings than I saW, sittihg in 'my. easy-cliair, the strange man who had called upon'me earlier in the evening. He rose to his feet when I entered: I stared at him in utter astonishment, JiJ'' 'Well, guv'nor,'said. he, T see you've done it. You've got him square and fair, I reckon ?' '' ' ; ' Yes,' I said; : : ' Ah ! he. said with) a vsigh of ~completei satisfaction.' 'Then I'm satisfied. Yes, I don't know as how there's aught .more I could say. I reckon as .how Light-toed Jim an'* me ie quits.'. . ; I was determined to find out who this man was this time. • Sit down,' I said. ' There's' a question or two I must ask you. Just let mo get my coat" off and I'll talk to you.' I took my coat off and went over to tho bed to lay it down. 'Now then,!" I began and looked round at him. I said no more, being being literally struck dumb. The inair was gone! I began to feel uncomfortable. I ran hastily down stairs, only to find the outor door locked and bolted, as I: had left it a few minutes befre. I went back, utterly non plussed. For an hour I pondered the matter over, but' could' make neither head nor tail Of it.' . .: When I went down to the office next morning I was informed that the burglar wanted to see me. I went to his cell, where he was lying in bed with , his head' bandaged; I had hit hiin> pretty hard as it tnrned out, and it was probable he woulH lic: on the sick-list for some days. 'Weir gov'nor,, said he, 'you'd the best of me Ifiet: night. You hit me rather hard that time.' • I was sorry to have to doit, my man,' I answered. 'You would have stabbed me if; you could.' | 'Yes,' he said, ' I should.—But, I. say,; guv-nor, come a bit closer; I want t.o; .ask; you a question. IIow did'you know-I iwas; on that little job last night,? For, "s'elp me,, there wasn't a soul knew a breath about it: but myself. I hadn't no pals, never talked; to anybody about it, never thought aloud about it, as I knows on. How came you. to; spot it, guv'nor?' _ i There was no one else in the cell with us,, and I thought I might find out something' about my mysterious visitor of the night be-': fore. ' It was a pal of yours ■ who gave me the information,'I said. , ' Can't be, guv'nor. No' use telling me| that. I ain't got no pals—leastways not in this! job.' Did you ever know a man like this ?' I described my visitor. As Iproceeded, Light-; toed Jim'sface assumed an expression of real terror. Whatever color there was in it faded away. I never saw a man look more thoroughly frightened. 'Yes,yes,' he said eagerly. 'In course I know who it is. Why it's liarksca Bill,as I pal'd with at one time. And what did he say, guv'nor —that he owed nie a grudge 1 That we was quits at last ? Right you are, 'cos he did owo mo a grudge. I treated Bill very shabby—very .shabby indeed, and ho swore solemn he'd have his revenge. Only guv'nor, what you see wasn't Barksea Bill at all, but his ghost, 'cos Bark sea Bill's been dead ahd buried this three year.' I was naturally very much exercised in my mind over this weird development of the affair, aud I used to think about it long after Light-toed Jim had once more retired to the seclusion cf Portland, While he yrag i in charge at Westford I tried more than once t< Worm Boincmoro information out of him about the defunct Barksea Bili, but with no success. Ho Would say 110 more than that ' Bill was dead and butried thi.s three year and witl that I had to bo content, Gradually I cann to have a firm belief that I had indeed been visited by Barksea Bill's ghost and I often told the story to brother-ollicors, and some tirtlea gdt wolt laughed at: That, however, mattered little to me ; I feltsuro that any man who had gone through the samo ex periences would have had the same beliefs. Of course I got my promotion, and was soon afterwards married. Things went well with mo, and I was lifted from one step to another. In my secret mind 1 was always sure I owed' my first rise to the burglar's ghost) and 1 should have Continued to thinlc so but for an incident which occiired just five years after my capture of Light-toed Jim.' I had occasion to travel to Sheffield from Westford, and had to change trains at Leeds. The Carriage I stepped into'wus occupied by a solitary individual, who turned his ftUie to iiio fls I sat down, though dressed in more respectable fashion, I immediately recognised the man who had visited me so mysteriously at my lodgings. My first feeling was one of fear, and I daresay; my faco showed it, for the man laughed. I ' Hallo; guv 'nor/ said ho, ' I see you knew me as soon as you come lii. You owes deal to me, guv'nor ; now, dontyou, eh ?' ' Look here, my man,' I said ; I've been taking you for a ghost these five, years 1 past. Now, just tell me how you got in and.out of my room that night," will you Y Etc laughed long and ioud at that. 1' A ghost V said h8i ' Well, if that ain't a good un ! ,Why( easy ehougtij guv'nor; I w»3 a-lodging for a day of twO ill the same house. It's easy enough, when you- know' how, to open a 'door very quiet and to slip 'out too.' i ' But I followed you sharp and looked for you.'' ■ '■*. 'Ay, guv'norbut you looked down and I had gtjiie uj)! YoU shiiold ha' Some Up to the attics, and there you'd lia' found me.— So you tvok me for a ghost? Well I'm bio wed.' • : ■ , * ,; ; ' I told Tiim -what Light-toed Jim Tiad said in the cell. .. . 'Ay,' said lie; t dessay 'gUv'nor. You see 'twas this way—it weren't Jim's fault as I wasn't deads , He trifed; to murder me, guv'hot, he did !—and l§ffc iiiQ a-lying for dead. So I ses to myself when I comes round that I'd pay him out sooner or later. But after that I quit the profession, Jim's ;nasty cbnduck, lirtviil'iudde ltle Sick of it, So' I went in fdrail holiest living at my old trade which' was drainjhg find . JJipo-repairiiig. I wafj oil .a jqb d' tliat sort it^ Westford, near Jtisa Singletoii's liotisej lien I saw Light toed Jim. I had a hidea what Iib ivds iip to, hayin' heard o' the plate ; :and I' watches him one or two nights, and gets a ribtion 'bw he was going to work the job. Then o' course, you being an officer and close at band, I split on him— and that's all.'; > 'But you had got the time and details correct V' " 'Why o' course, guv'nor. I was an old hand—served many a year in Portland, I have, find I knew just how Jim would work it, after seeing his perlim'niiry obserwations. But a ghostr j Ha; ha; iia •^'rthyj gUV'ftor, yoli niusfc luivo been a: Very greeii youhg' ofticor ill th,6til dttj's!1 " • i . Perhap's; i wrts;.,At any rafce'j I learnt a les son: from the.ci-diveiit Barkse'a Sill—namely, that in starching li HBiisb it is aliiriys advis able to look ii|) as .veil aS utjiVii. 