THE PRESENT STATE OP THE LABOR MARKET. to the editor of tiie daily telegp.afil Sir, — A few words on the present business depression and scarcity of employment in this aud adjoining colonies. I trust what 1 am about to say will be accepted in tlio spirit in which it is written. Many suggestions have been put forth aa a remedy for the existing evils, aud statements have been made in the public press that the worst has passed. The latter 1 aui unable to credit for tliia reason — and there is no use in beat ing about tho bush on the subject — until a more seeuro aud butter understanding can be arrived at between capital and labor no important improvement as regards employ ment is likely to take placo. J ho average capitalist has had too .jitter experience during the past few years to be anxious to invest Ilia money in any industry in this country without some reasonable security ot obtaining fair interest thereon. As one - who has taken a keen interest and pretty fair amount of risk in the industries of the country, 1 am of opinion there is not the ghost of a chance of auy sensible man with capital at his command planking down his hundreds or his thousands as an invest ment in any industry so long as workmen insist on the high rates of wages they have been receivinu. and tu> long as the men re quire the observance of ( he absurd rules m the various unions which at present exist. Is it not ridiculous that an employer, who is well qualified to see whether a man is lit to do a fair day's work or not, is nut permitted to discharge a schemer or an incompetent workman without tho sanction of tho union to which he belongs to or their representative. Who, jL may ask, is belter able to judge than the person who has got to pay? And who suffers most now ? Why the really good honest competent man, equally with the scheming agi tator and incompetent operative. Until good steady workmen can get rid of agitators tilings will remain — certainly not much better than they aro at present. L have an idea what some of the self-elected leaders will say on this subject, as 1 have met these men more than once, before the late unfortunate strike. They will declare that X am opposed to the unions. I say now, as 1 said then, that I never was opposed to the union of men, when that union was divested of tyranny, but I never would ami never will permit any delegate to die Late to me whom 1 nha'l employ or whom I shall discharge for in competence — and let me say in pausing thai in all tho companies which I am a director of aud have largo interests in I have never asked whether any of tho men were uuionists or not. X would, if it were possible, be pleased to see tho employers and employes meet in some kindly way, mutually bury the hatchet and discuss what is bcHt to be done to remedy the existing evil. The men should by this time know that no good can come forth out of tho nonsense put forth by tho agitators. I have been tliinking that the citizens should bo appealed to to subscribe, Bay, £5000, ami that a number of deserving married men (with families) who know something of banning should bo assisted out of ouch fumi ' to be sett, led upon tho lands of the couulry. in such places as the Government might de termine. Tho Government, under the pecu liar circumstances, would, J feel certain, set apart, say 20,000a. of land at a nominal rental or price. These men with their families would in a short lime bo able to make a living, and would be a benefit to tho eouutry and a blessing to their families. If such a scheme can bo wrought out I will give a donation to same and will give my time to Blither tho object. — Yours, etc., luirlignt, Manly. JOHN VVOOHa. 