? Why Did So Love Her? CHAPTER XXXII (Continued). 1 1 Ha! Miss Carrie, you faere? bnt I anp« pose the news of last night's escapade brought you over. I hope my patient knows nothing of the affair, for 1 nrn told he was opposed to tbo marriage. I can't see why. for Philip Vans is au clogant and clever young follow, and the heiress liaEn't made such a bad choice. Poor Fontaine's mind was probably no clearer on that score than on others, or ho would not have opposed her wishes." "I cannot agreo with youj doctor* X think tbc objections of Mr. Fontaine were well founded," she coldly replied. "I did not come over on Savella'e account, but to remove Ieola to the Vale. I am sorry to say that she has been attacked by illness, brought on, it seems, by the sccnt of tba fresh paint upon the houso. Mr. Summer* ton gave her such remedies as he considered ncoessarj, and she is much better; hat I shall be glad if yon will go up and see her-be fore you leave." " Of oourse; such cases are not uncom* mon, and Isola has a very sensitive tern* pcrament. But I must first go in and see how Fontaine is. It is a melancholy halln* cination ho labours under, and I almost despair of dispelling it." " Is it even so V 1 said Miss Cailoton, with a slight shudder. "Is thoie no hope for him ?" " I can seo none, for thero is a cause for the spectral illusion in this case—a fatal oauso, which medical skill can never remove/' Their eyes met. and both felt that the other knew what the dire cause w&B;» She presently asked: " Can I not see him ? I do not wiah to speak with him ; only to look upon him and form my own judgment as tohiBCondition." " lean easily manage that for you. Pass through this window, and remain in the library while I am with him in his own apartment. I' have had a curtain placed in front of the door to conceal the person who watches near him, as it made him irritable to have some ono always in sight. Toti can shelter yourself behind it and look en him while he talks with me." While he was speaking the doctor opened tho blind and threw up the sash of the window. Cssar aroused himself as he heard them enter, and arose with a deep bow and a look of intense surprise as he recognised liiss Carleton. She motioned to him to remain silent, and. passed with the physician towards tho heavy folds of damask that aweptto the floor. Dr. Sinclair lifted thorn aside and entered the large room, while Miss Carleton, with a quickly beating heart, placed herself in such a position as to enable her to look into Fontaine's apartment without being herself seen. He was sitting with his face turned toward her, holding a fragment of paper in his hands, which he nervously turned from sido to side, rolling il up and smoothing it out alternately, as if unconscious of what ho was doing. The criiuBon cushions of tho large chair on which be sat threw out his statuesque head, with its clcarly cut features, now nearly as colourless as marble iteeU. His large black eyes, as they wandered restlessly around the room, had in thorn tbc same wild, unsettled expression they had worn on that last morning at tho Tale ; and the conccalcd visitor shrank from meetiug them again with a sort of suppressed feeling that shivered through her aching heart. When Dr. Sinclair appeared before him, Fontaine's gaze dwell an instant upon him, and then dropping his paper ho stretched out his hand, and said, in his natural voice: " Let me grasp your hand, doctor, to convince myself that you are real. I am so haunted by phantoms that I cannot distinguish flash and blood from them unless I touch it." "I, at fill events, am a substantial entity, Fontaine, ond I never intend to visit any of my friends in a ghostly shape. Have your filmy friends multiplied ? M iirst it was only one that visited you." " Yes," he mysteriously replied; •* he has brought others with him. He was the doad demon ; but he has called otlicrs to aid him in his work of torture. He has brought up Banquo's ghost, with those that came to Richard III. the night before tho battle of Bosworth. Ho has even gone back into tha days ol antiquity and summoned that goblin grim who stood besido the couch of Brutus and said, * Meet me at Phillippi!' Ah ! it was death that met him there; but my familiar gives me no such welcome warning." 1 1 Why should you wish to die, Fontaine ? you have much to live for," was the sooth* ing reply. «• Much, much—yes, I comprehend that yet it would be a mercy to me to die. If £ could wipe this red stain from my hand, I might olasp one that could drive every evil from me; but it deepens, it darkens with flvery hour, doctor, Oh ! murder is a fearful crime; and ho who commits it merits death. 1 I had rather pay that pepalty than live tlio life to which I anrdoomed." '"Mien you are tired of being shut up here.?; If you wish it, I will permit you to walk out out daily^ You need not go beyond your own grounds." Fontaine slowly shook his head, " No,{Sinclair; I will not make a 6pM» taele-of myself.to. my own people. Besidei, jthe phantom forbids that; he is standing between us now, and he frowns even at tho proposal from you. No—these rooms 6haU become my living grave for I Kill not gp boyond them;" •< We shall aee when the spring weather oomes. It Is cold now, and it is well for you to stay in doors." "Onoe l breasted the storm and defied the wind; now I am as a reed shaken by its faintest breath. Sinolair, who is behind tbat curtain? I feel a presence thero that wafte sweetness and comfort tome. Who is it?" He half arose as if to approach tba ihadcd door, but the physician placed his ftiaad ppon his arm, and said: " A friend of yours is there, but she did not intend to intrude upon you. Would it please you to see her 1 You are BO calm to- 4aythat l think her visit will not harp you." Fontaine Bank b&ok;, and in an excited whisper said: « Bring her in! I know—I know who it mast be." Br, Sinolair want to the eartaiD, drew it aside, iand led forward the woman who had watched and listened with her heart upon her lips: 1 Fontaine advanced to meet her with his usual stately elegance, but when she offered him her cold hand, he rapidly drew her toward him, and pressed her to his breast and said: •• You have coma to the lost one, Carrie you might have saved me, il 1 dared to lay the burden of my sin upou your inuocent heart. But I could not—I could not; and and now I am demon-haunted, while my angel is fat from me. Ah ! there it is now —gliding between us with its deadly breath —chilling me lo the heart." His arms dropped down suddenly, and he (ottered as if about to fall. Dr. Sinclair hastened to support him to his seat, and after a few moments he became more composed. &£iss Carleton gentiy asked; " Is there no other oue you would like to ece, Mr. Fontaine ? One you have dearly loved would be made happy by being admitted into your presence again." He regarded her vacantly, and seemed to consideriDE the me&mog; ot her wordi. Pretently v tits noao and eaid: " Yea, yes—I remember. I called her my child; I loved her as inch; but the demon forbids me to do ao any longer. He com> mands me not to look opon her, and I dare not diiobey him. But you can take my plaee. Take Isola to your heart, Carrie Carleton, and ehe will prove as great a blessing to you as she might havo been to me, but tor this oruel, cruel persecution. I cannot see her again; her presence is oppressive to me; and—and—now even youri is becoming so. Thero stands the phantom bis wrathful face is turned upon you. Go away, I entreat, or he may gain the same diabolioal power over you that he has over me." He put up bis hand deprecatingly, and at a sign from the physician Miss Carleton glided from the apartment, carrying with her the painful fear that Claude Fontaine'* mind was wrecked beyond restoration. Miss Carleton wrote a brie! note to Mrs. Berkely, describing the condition of affairs at La Fontaine, and requesting her to send over such articles of clothing BS she might require during her stay. The carriage wa8 sent back with this : and unablo to remain within doors with the weight upon her heart that seemed cruEhiug her to the earth, Carrie Carleton wandered out into tho grounds, and sought to exhaust her emotion by rapid exercise. Sho spent many hours in this bitter struggle with herself, and more than oncc tho cry came to her lips : " Oh, would that the right waa mine to be near him for ever—for ever 1" CHAPTER XXX11I. NEWSFROM GE0BGE. As the dinner hour drew near, Mies Cat let on returned to the house and went up to l8ola ! s room. She found her sitting up in bed, while she read George Bevkeiy's letter. There was a glow upon her lately colourless face, and her eyes sparkled with her usual animation. Miss Carleton had recovered outward oomposurc, and with her usual affectionate kindnesB she said: " I see that you are agreeably employed, BO I will leave you to tho enjoyment of George's letter. Dr. Sinclair promised to see you before he left. I suppose he has been up." "Yes—ho came with Mr. Suramerton; bnt I was sleeping so soundly that tboy did not arouse me. The Senora was hero just now, and told me that he said I had been extremely ill, but 1 am now doing well." "He approved of Mr. Suwmetlon's treatment?" " Yes, entirely." This assurance satisfied her friend, and removed the fears she felt in Bpite of the solicitude of the llnlinn for- Isolds recovery. She lingered long enough to arrange her dress, and dim left tho girl to read again ths letter which contained so much that was precious to her. During the months that had elapsed since tho departure of George Berkely, Isola had learned to look on him as her future companion for life. All his truo qualities arose before her in rivid contrast of Philip, and the warm friendship she had cherished for George assumed the hue of love. She felt that she could implicitly trust that honost nature, and give him that entire respect without which affection can have no firm basis. His letter ran thus— M St. Petersburg, "November, 15, 18— "My Beloved Isola:—Your precious letter has just reached me. It giveB me the right to address you thus, for in it I behold the pledge that my Peri will, in time, fold her wings in the nest it shall be my sweetest care to'prepare for her. "My darling, I am happy, for I know that you would not have replied to my last letter if in your heart a spring of tendefnesfi had not opened for me. I will prove myself worthy of it, Isola, and I feel the tweet assurance that I can make your bappinesB, as you will mine, in the future which looms before me bathed in the rosy hues of love. "But I must not fill my letter with protestations which you do not need, to assure you of the depth of my affection for you. That, you know, is indestructible SB life itself. 1 have becomo that important personage to the home circle he has left behind him—a traveller in fovoign lands; and my communications will have especial interest from a country so little known to ' outside barbarians,' as Russia ! therefore I must endeavour to maintain the character of an intelligent observer. " I have now been in St. Petersburg several weeks, nml we have weather to which our keenest mountain breeze is comparative summer. " Our ambassador has been recoived by the Emperor, and his subordinates have, with him, attended a court ball. There I had the honour of an introduction to the the grandest looking man I have ever Been. " Nicholas is a magnificent man, and as oourtoouft as he is handsome. He was surrounded by a brilliant group ol officers who had distinguished themselves in his Eervioe. "Among them was a stately-looking man, who attracted me from the first moment my eyes fell on him. I cannot tell why this was, for he was not more Gtrilcing in his appearance than many others near bin). l?e was a middle- aged man, with hair sprinkled with grey, and the expression of one who has suffered wrong, hardship, and disappointment; all of which had been merged in the philosophic determination to make the most of what Heaven spared from the,wrecked hopos he had left scattered opon hia life-path. "I inquired who ho was, and learned that he is an Italian of the name o! Fon* tani, who for many years has bceu in the employment of thp Emperor as an engineer. Sis services have been rewarded with the title of Baron and a large estate near Moscow ; and the decorations he wore bore witneeB to tne triumphs ho has gained. But he soon retired from the gay soene, in which he only appeared at the command of his master. " It would fill up my letter to describe to you the magnificence of the sceno on this occasion. ImogineAIaddin's palace illumi* nated'with radiance, and filled with a crowd of lovely and richly-dressed women, attended by cavaliers in brilliant court costume.; "It was late when we made our conge; in my; Bleigh was Charles Brinsley, my /ellow attache, and myself; the night was enchanting; the moon was shining with a lustre that rendered every object visible, and we aped over the snow-clad earth with the velocity of the wind. At a sudden turning, our sleigh came in contact with another approaching from the opposite direction. The collision was so violent th&t; one of our horses fell in the traces; but tha fiery steeds of the other sleigh Bwerved to one side, dashed forward, evidently unmanageable by the driver, who had been partaking too freely of the strong waters to which his countrymen are much addicted. "Agentleman attempted to spring out, but caught hia foot in the leopard skit) with which the sleigh was lined, and fell in such a position as BO be in danger of baviDg his brains dashed out by the horses. I sprang to his assistance, seized the reins, and succeeded in holding them in till Briasley aud the driver could come to my assistance. "Thecheck enabled the prostrate man to recover his footing and extricate himBell from his perilous position. Ge spoke to the horses, and they stood docile and obe- 4ient to his voicp. £e thanked us for our efforts to serve him, and insisted that w» •hould accept seats in his vefeiflle ainop ours was disabled, fie said; <" I am Baron Fontani, and I am on my way to the palace to lay before the Empiror fiome despatch;! which have ioit ar- med; but l pledge ^myeelf not to detain you many momenta, aud I will then act you down at your own liotol.* " Of oourse we accepted his offer; and > taking tho reins in his own hands, the Baron bade hia driver remain with ours ind aid him is every, possible manner. " After a brief iaterviow with the Czar, he returned to us, and soon aet UB down at our own door. On parting fcQUI me he gave me his card, and requested me to call on him on the following day. I, of course, availed myself of his iuvitation to visit him. " At as early au hour as I hoped to find him free to receive friendly calls, I went to his palace. He met me with hie kindness; was pleased to exaggerate the service I had rendered him, and showed as much interest in my affairs as if he had been a friend; of long staudiug. ••Tho Baron informed me that in his youth he had travelled in the Uuited States. Many portions of the country interested hiui deeply, especially the mountain scenery of my native state, with which he seemed familiar. He showed me * Jefferson's Notes on Virginia' in his library; and I discovered that he understands English, though at first he spoko to me in French. " He showed mo several sketches, which he said he had purchased from a wandering artist; and among them I found a picture of the Vale, and anotbor of La Fontaine. He pointed to tho latter, and said: " ' I was induced to take thnt because the name is so nearly uiy own. Do you kuow of such a place in your native State?' "I told him all about the place and the oonncction between its owner and my family. I caunot describe to you the interest with which ho listoned. lie inquired about Mr. Fontaine—his habits, his peculiarities ; and when I had fiuished my description) he said: "' From your account of him, one would think this man a king among JiiG peers. How is it that he has never m&rried; ?" " I could not explain that, but I referred to constitutional melancholy as the probable cause. He seemed struck with that, and quickly asked: • ,4 la there no other cause for tbat sadness? It seems to mo. tliat the owner of this beautiful place, situated in a bracing mountain atmosphere, aed surrounded, as you say he is, by kind and itcadfa&l; friends, should be able to rid himself of the morbid taint in his blood to which you refer.' He had much to sadden his youth,' I told him; but the Baron was not satisfied till he drew from me the whole of that sad story about Henry Fontaine. When I had finished, he said: If your friend was guiltless in that aflair, why should he cherish the foelings you have described ? I am afraid there is a dark stain on the ermine of his robe, spotless as you would have mo believe it.' Forgive me, Isola, for repeating hia words to you, for we know how pure, how aoble Mr. Fontaine IG—how far above any temptation to crime, and such crime as this! " I speedily disabused my new friend of this idea; but he has shown the interest he takes in the subject by frequently referring to it when wo meet, and the mystery of Henry Fontaine's fate seoms to possess as strong an attraction for him as it could for the nearest friend of your father. " I have not yet told him of yon. I fio not know what feeling withheld wc; but I am a jealous miser, who hoards his happiness in his own heart an too sacred to be shared by others; for in this I am not expansive enough to make the idol whose shrine is in my inmost heart visible to those around me. To tho working- day world I give my energies; to you, the cousocrated dreams of love and hope. 1 1 1 have a miniature of you which I pilfered from Fanny, and in my (solitary hours it is my constant companion. I yearn to return lo you, to claim you as my own for ever, but my friends would not approve of it just now; so I must curb my impatience, and prove myself worthy of tho happiness that awaits me. " Adieu, my precious lovo ; let your heart rest on me in perfect trust, for in life and death I am yours alone. Isola folded her letter, and laid it upon her pillow, with a sweet smile upon her lips. She felt that her haven of rest was almost gained; that George would take her to his noble heart aud shield her from Ike storms of life. (To be continued.) ••GronGE BEnEELY." 