GHOSTS AGGRESSIVE AND TANGIBLE. Ghosts tako many and various forma, and thero are a few pretty terrifying ones in Mr Stead's collection. Thero aro diabolical floating faces and mutilated trunk Thero is a ghost which inflicted its company on an unhappy living friend for a walk of some duration, which it enlivened with a long and detailed account of Its violent death, and wl,h tho spectacle oHta body "burning from within, outwards unconiamcd." Thero are aegroisive ghosts wbioh pall off oun's bed clothes, or grapple with ooo in a confusion of material or immaterial. Thero is oven a ghost which attscked a railway porter at night accompanied by a ghostly dog, which actually bit tbo porter in the calf of his leg-' And thero is one which strikes us as the only iustanco wo havo. yot como across of a 41 Warm, soff and plump ' ghost— hut the Eoor thinonly consisted of a hand and arm. ut wo will concludo with a vory ercepy tale which shows that a mutilated ghost docs not always correspond with a mutilated corpse, Tho apparition may fit Itself out, it seems, with tlie very parts which are missing in tho mortal remains, to say nothing of making its Ercsuucu known by an cnergotic smack on tho ack !— About the tniddlo of tho first decado of this century, thero lived in tho little seaport town of Girvan, in South Ayrshire, a young man and his sister ; they were warmly attached tu each other. My grandmother, from whom I heard thoir story, was inti mately acquainted with tho young woman. Tho brothor followed tho precarious and dangerous avocation of tho fishor, aud our story begius with tbe loss of his Uio by tbe swamping of his boat in a storm. 44 For a' wcok or two his sister was Jncon- sotabto ; her mind dwelt in imagination on tho loved form of her brother tossed amongst tho weeds and oozo on tho bed of tho - ocean, tbo food for fishes, and the dwelling ploco for creeping things. At tqis utago tbo body was discovered in a rocky part of tho coast owing to a singularly vivid dream dreamt by a casaul visitor tc tha town ; au incideut romorkablo in itself, but not to our prcsont purposo. Tlio corpso, which was much decomposed, hod lost tho right hand. This nintilationmadu a deep and painful impression on tho sister's mind. 44 Ever and anon sho would burst out into a fit of wconlng, wringing hor own bonds, and bowoiling tbo lost of "her brothor's hand. 44 This continued for about a week, until ono night, prspatory to going to bed, she had undressed ; but before sho bad got into bed, overcome by tho forco of hor emotions, sho throw her face on the pillow and burst out weeping, and bemoaning tho lost hand ; but scarcely hod sho done so, when with a cry of foar, sho sprang from tho bod. 44Hor cries soon brought tho other inmates ofthohousoto her room, and when ques tioned sho informed them that when sho bad thrown herself on tho bed, sho felt somcouo givo bor a slap on tlio bodr, as if with tbo open hsnd ; and that tho place whero she was struck was still pricking from tho effcuts of tho blow, and put her hand over hor shoulder to point out cho place wboro sho was struck.' 44 Thoy oxaminod the place, and over tho shoulder blado, in viviu blue, was tho im pression of a man's right hand." 