Memmon. J The gray curtains ot morning twilight oung gloomily over tho . endless dunes ot ¡and. Tho drab-greon leaflets ot the mimosa wsro not rustled by tho slightest breeza, and no bird had yet broken into cong. Not u sunbeam to lend its golden embroidery to tho oroken column of thc templo ; not a ray of ?ilver light to dispel tho ashen gloom of thc beavens, or break tho songlcss repose of tho palm-dotted desert. The distant river, with its fringe of olivos melted into tho sky, and its silvery shimmer appeared like the sinuous reflection of a luminous lily-star in a gently rippled lake. An opalescent mist crept like a ghost abovo the parohed sands, and the peaceful spirit of ?Uenoo seamed to reign until the morning song ol Mcmnon should break the potent ?pell. The eternal Pyramide frowned in the dis tance in orders gray, and tho acacias bent like tho Faithful in prayer, as though im pressed by the subtle charm of tho silence that was lonely and unbrokon. j The horons stood in majestio immobility, ?s though ubarmod, among tho reeds and sedge that surrounded their watery haunts. Numbers of motionless palms wore atoned, Uko sentinels, against tho horizon, whose hem was yet unconscious of tho first faint kiss of dawn-whoso folds and drapories of gray Boomed awaiting tho golden roses of sunrise to blossom forth and light them into perfeot beanty. In the miilit of this apparently eternal hush, this silence that would make suob a beautiful back ground for tho harp string twang of bis morning voiae, Mamaos sat in the unbroken solitude, with no breeze to fan his cheek, looking steadfastly toward the oast for tho first rosy light to trouble in the wan, white sail ot day, andwako tho accents of his morning song. Suddenly, tho Bombre mantle seemed to fall from the sky, aud in tho diatanae be hind tho PyramidH a dainty, doliente Hush ot ross appoarod, a breeza started across the burning desert, tho lipa of Memnon parted, and filled the ripple! air of midsummer with: " I« it hot enonch Inr inn 7" R. K. MnmTUui. I ., - flia .Nomo Cheap.-"Mías Protlyßirl (HO ? '-ling BUbaotlptioiia for soma ahnrity) ' Djnr Mr. SiropBon, oould I gat- yottr nanu / . £5?" -Iiiuk Simpson (.with co-itfitio grin)-'. You 'i.» got my nome for. uothirg.: arid 'I'll jm parson."- ' .-<?.: ? , l'nu .turn in .rthu long, roft.l tranliad U \--¿^n^ri^h^ inlo tin. Ccii.i 