A CRIMSON FORTUNE. A STORY OF LIFE IN THE COTTON MILLS. By F. MONK FOSTER, Author of "APit Brow Lassie," "Slaves of Fate," "Queen of the Factory," " P&isionj; Aftermath, " A Miner's Million," " Chi! dren of Darkneaa," " A Drama in the Dark, Sc., 4c. CHAPTER XXXIX. ON THE VERGE* Jacob Freokleton's dreams of wealth ap geared to be in a fair way of speedy reatiza tion, for after weeks of weary waiting—aft-or vainly cudgelling his not too strong brain for . a scheme that would enable him to fecnre the lluried treasure, accident had done that which he had failed to do for himself. The frieudly.acquaintance Jacob bad struck op with the Btoker had not been permitted to lapse; on thecontrary, the wily old fellowhad been at considerable pains in order to place himself on terms of the closest intimaoy with his newly-made friend. Night after night, after his first successful . venture, Sam Tv eon—that was the name Freckleton had selected in place of bis ownhad visited the watchman at his work, always staying a while to chat with his new friend, . who seemed fond, of the other's company-, tricing with him oocaeionaliy a pint of beer or . a tout in a bottle, or perchance a nip of whisky; and sitting there in;front of the glowing fires tmfco which the fireman had listened attentively and with every sign of belief. Prior to a few weeks ago, when he first cams to Leghsbury t Freckleton said that he had held a good position In an office in Manchester, which he had been'compelled to resign owing to his weak sight. He had saved a littlemoney, : and had come to Leghsbury thinking he might pick up a job of some sort—such as night watchman, firer-up, or anything suitable to his Strength and .years. He had asked his friend if he knew of any job that was vacant, and had reoeived an answer in tho negative. But the goodnatured workman had promised to let Tyson • know if he heard of any shop that was empty; and the other had thanked him, and mentioned where he lived, _ One nigh t when Tyson, paid the watchman a yisifc, the latter had news of the most interesting kind to relate to him. Lewis's workman was juat throwing a few spadesfol of slack oh the fires when Jacob walked up and seated himself, and the other, pansing a moment at his task, said :— < . "Hello, Tyson, is that you? I wasjnst wondering whan I should see you. If you hadn't turned op to-neet I should ha' come to your place to-morrow." /"What for*' "Because there's a shop going to be empty whtoh will just suit you." "Indeed. What is it 1 ?" " A seet watchman's place." " Where at f , "Here." " Why, are you leaving it? 1 . " I am. : Bat its this way. Harry Sharrook •—him as fires up in .the day—is leavingat the end of "the week/ and as its -more money than my own job I axed- for his plaoe an have gotten St "too.;;jBo <theyll. want .a vratsh'man next week, and if ytHi look after the ehop -I daresay to yo^gStWL- - - - : "Xben 111-look after it at once. Who shall Xhave to see about the matter 1 !" '' • •• - -'Vl'Meater^Btott,theraanager. If you like HI no to him to-morrow with yon." " Thank yod. " 31 I geti the plaoe I will give yoo five BhiilingB." - On the following day Freckleton and his friend saw the manager of Pennyhdrst Mi", aadJtheu vfcftiropttopeBsfal. The place of nigfc'twatbhman was promised to Samuel "gyaqn, and he was .ordered to start on Jus new job on theJolIoWingSuhd ay evening; When the time cameuJacob did not fail to put in an appeatanoe.- The friend whose place he had taken had instructed him in his duties, and hep^ttothe nulla that memorable evening with the brightest and gladdest of hearts, Tor were not at fist all barriers between him and the crimson fortune removed. t jfAt least rWie only obstacle in tide way now was'a brici; wall, which "he 1 would fce able to remove with a few hours' patient labour; and then the treasure lie had buried there all those •years ago wotjldlielia i and he would be away from Iaeghsbnry for ever. \- Jaoob was at his ne w job betimes. Half an hoar before he reached Pennyhurst the mills had closed, and the men and women,, lads Mid lasses, had trooped homeward. At six o'cJwi the whole plaoe wait deserted and the new watchman was in possession. • , His heart thrilledaa he thought of the good iax& that had befallen him. He had the free run now of the place he had thought about— dreamed ofall those dreary hours at Selborne .Lodge.Without exciting the least suspicion Iwwaldxoam-ati will about the old and new mfll^ijthe .-factory? yatd and the fire holes, ; where we wlthdoo-forRme wasreo anugly^and Tinfelyjhoue^L > , - • r!- AfwV«oei>Tn^;the»kpys £r6m' theold ^fellow - who nad chaige offche' Iddgehbuse* and entrance gate during the daytime, Jacoo had nia^e a carefiUfewrof inspection of the whole place. HpfM≶^Igraul^with the lamp hie predecessor lad formerly carried, and he had. flashed the light into every nook and and out^S^^i^^nS^d^S^^ 6^ order to assure himself that no one was about before he oommenced to dig out the treasure.' v W%enhe wasdane with.the task *>f search-, mg the place he made his way,to the,fire holes. -Opening the iron doers he perceived' that the fires .were burning low, so he threw a few apadeefui of alack upon each one. Then he "seated him«Jf tin the raae seat and rested for a fewroinutes. •' As he; sat. there his wizened faoe was JHS^^^ffttiWffl^-tteglowfmm thefallihg l^feetandjthe ground : -about -tbenvaaa-lus-^yes.wandered towards' the low waU which bounded -chat side of the Penny burst factory yard, and acrow whidh he had inade his waythat night when he first Jilw aeg.uaintaBoe of the former night watchman. - l( / He could hear voices, in tha .high road that: •ran alongside the wall—could even discern tSio faint outlines of--passing pedestrians—and .notitig those things he recognised a danger that had previously escaped his attention. The wall behind which the money lay could be Been from therroad, and if he wa« to 6it there exposed to the view of any chance passer-by, he mi?ht~be rintewnpted-at. the work—might even.be frustrated from accomplishing his great plan, *' 1 What wse he to ao i -/Wait until n^Jpight was come and gone, when the chance of any one seeing nim would be small indeed?: Qjr erect a temporary screen between him and the highroad ? He could not bear t^e'thought of watting. He had \vait< d eo long already that his fingers were literally itching now to grasp the buried treat-lire. He would shelter himself at .once from the eyes ,of wayfarers, and then cut out the pohd brickwork which'barred his way to the ^old and notes. Rising,' he left the fireholcs und went at a quick pace towards the new mill. In his previous visit to that part he had noticed a pile of timber—light spars and deal boards—lying about, and with a portion of these he meant to cover in the spot he intended to.attack with hamir.er and chisel. Reaching the pile he shouldered several long slabs, and staggering under their weight ran back to the boilers,...and .placed them in a sloping position against the wall which formed, one. side of the-engine house. Then he lvurrifd ba$sk for another' load, got it, and was fixing the . boards in their places when he beard a crash, then a clatter; and when he leaped round; with his heart at -his. throat, he '-was' amazed to" gee a man's form come 'rolling d own the heap of elafek. " What do you want here ?" Jacob screamed in a .-maniacal Vjky.J ". Do you - want to be locked -np* .Get away at ..once,-or 111' have you lock«d up! Be quick. too, or it will be the worse for you,-whoever-youare." By the tame the half frenzied'old fellow had ceased eereatumg, the man Who had made such an undignified apjiearanoe on tfte scmie had picked himself up apd was striding towards Jacob; and a hoarse yell of terror and amazement^ell from Freokfeton's lips aa he saw the faoe of the "newcomer and recognised it. "Mr God! It's Atherton'e ghost!" he gasped but, and fell grovelling oa the earth. " Not a ghost, you FCoundrel!" Will Atherton critd, as he stood over the mate'lie had •ought so loop in vain. " But if I am 1 not a dead man it is-not because vou did not do your best to kill me—bury me alive. -.Don't dgcovel there, j'ou villain, but get up and come with me." "Goaway! Go awayT' Jacob exclaimed, having mastered his terror to some extentnow. "What do you- want here with mei Why can't you leave me alone ?" " You may Well aVk that, you muttlerou* rascalAthertqn replied, indignantly " Get np or I will give you a kick in th • ribs." "I'm not a murderer, Atherton.' On my soul I'm not 1" Jacob muttered abjectly, as hi rose slowly to his feet. " I had' nothing to do with Adam Blackburn's death. As true a; God's in heaven I hadn't!" "Who had then?" '.fTo lc continued.) ToOvtkoow: Weakness.—Pepper's Quinine and Icon Tonio gives New Life, Appetite Health, Strength, and Energy. It cures Indi- 'iion, Nervous Debility, and Neuralgia, f-crown bottles. Everywhere. Insist on bavidg Pepmb's. c93thao 