j PARLIAMENT. i Thursday, Septemdee 22. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. .. The Speakeb took the chair at half- past 4 o'clock. ) MOTION OP CENSTJEE. i The debate orq tho motion of censure, and 1 the amendments thereon, was resumed. I Mr. WALL said there were times when a member was relieved from all party ties, and he felt tnis was one. The whole question had dwindled down to the subject of the Broken Hill arrests, and had nothing to do with the issues raisea oy nr. nam. " »» could be shown that the Government had stepped outside the ordinary course of the law he would oppose them. But no con- I cessions could be granted, . no good result 1 attained except on the basis of law and I order. The members of the labor party had 1 started to try and secure reforms in a con- a stitutional manner, and they should do so, 1 If the Government kept law and order then 1 it should not forfeit the confidence of any 1 section of the House. It was only when the I ordinary operations of the law had been suspended by the executive Government I that they could bo amenable to the consure 1 of Parliament. They might as well ini- I peach a judge in the courts for adminis- I tering the law us the Government. (Hear, I hear.) They must administer the law ns they I fouud it, and if the law required amendment I then Parliament was the power to amend it. I (The leader of the Opposition had fnirly defended his position, shirked no issues, and had stated what seemed to him the only right course an Executive Government ought to take. If the Opposition could not have suc ceeded on the original motion they should not succeed now. This Parliament must not allow itself to bo swayed by the passionate utterances of persons outside, but must tnke a dispassionate view of tho matter. If they forced tho Government out they must go to the country to decide the question, and the country could not improve its position by breaking the laws, but by amending them. In this Parliament he contended there was too much protestatiou, and too little of tho legislation for which tho people were languishing. The Government was in duty bound to pass those measures, and beat down all obstruction, or go to tho peoplo and confess their inability to do what the people wanted. It wus only by legislation that the people could get concessions, and members would be more truly eloquent in the people's interests if they voted for tho measures heccssury than by all the protestations on the floor of the House. He would make one to silence useless discus sion. It was a reproach to the House that Bomo of the measures now on the programme had been dangled before it so long. (Hear, hear.) If Mr. Murphy had the opinion before he went to Broken Hill that the place was in a state of riot, might not tho Executiva Government have had tho same iden, and was it not right that they should send their officer to report ? Although theso men might he innocent, the Executive authorities must be guided by tho law, and if a case was shown the men must be dealt with. It did not follow that be cause they were indicted they should be convicted. Tho law courts were established to investigate such cases, and no man could claim immunity from tho law courts. If th Government did not deserve censure quite apart from this action at Broken Hill, then the House would bo wrong if it censured them. Tho Governmeut had a programme of legislation which if given effect to would give employment to hundreds of men and advance the colony. Ho would sink his fiscal creed to pass these measures, and he claimed that the House should assist tho Government rather than waste time in paltry discussion, which could have no good result. There were too many members who used tho time of Parlia ment to talk through the pross to their con stituents, and be would be one of fivo to clear the galleries night after night so that members might not have the opportunity of airing their eloqucnco for such a purpose to the delay of the legislation which the country required. (Hear, hear.) Mr. CARRUTHERS said that Mr. Barton's speech showed the Government was riding for a fail. If Mr. Reid was wrong in not referring to the Broken Hill arrests, then the Premier and the Govern ment were equally to blame for their reticence. Ho denied that Mr. Reid had been guilty of subterfuge, und said tho Governmcnthad acted throughout the Broken Hill affair with subterfuge and apology. The common law was more obsolete and older than tho obsolotc statutes, and, therefore, tho instruction to Mr. Coffey . was an unnecessary subter fuge. Tho prosecutions in .Sydnsy had been initiated by private individuals, and the Government had nothing to do with them. If the Attorney- General was going to show the same amount of fairness to these men as he > ad to Mr. Rsid lie pitied them.( Shame.) ' He thought tho Attorney-General was fairer than he had shown himself to bo. - Ho then . stated that Mr. A. G. Taylor had been brought forward for West Sydney to harass . and embarrass, the then Government. (Labor dissent.) Mr. KELLY : How do you know that ? Mr. CARRUTHERS ssrid the lion, member knew it. Mr. KELLY said ho did sot. Mr. CRICK : It's a lie. Mr. CARRUTHERS contended that the members of the present Government did not assist tho Parkes Government out of their embarrassment during tho maritime strike, but came down with a distinct vote of censure on the genorai issue. Then the present Premier had said ho would go bail for 1C.000 strikora. Would he do so now ? Then he had blamed the Government for patrolling the streets of Sydney, but now he did the same thing at Broken Hill. (Hoar, hear.) He would not ulter his tone now he was in Opposition, and would go for the maintenance of law and order at all price and at all hazards. The men now. under arrest had said very little more than. the Postmaster- General at Redfern when the Minister for Mines was present. He charged tho Government with attempting to contuse the issue before the country, because, strange to say, the arrests were made on the day the motion for censure had come on. It might be that the Government had wished to distract attention from the gravo issues buforothe country. With regard to the pro posed censure on the Govcrumeut with re spect to their action at Broken Hill, ho would not give a vote on a subject on which ho had not evidence. Looking at the great issue of the action of tho Govern ment in arresting certain persons who they thought had been guilty of a breach of the law, he took it tho first duty of a citizen was to render himself obedient to tbe laws of the country. The first duty of tho Go- . vornmont was to see that the laws were en forced with regard to all citizens. The Government was tho executive body of tho country, and tho Parliament had - no right during tho course of exccutivefunctionstoassume any control over them. After an action had beon performed to vindicate tho laws, then tho Government must bo held responsible. Tbe Houso must not interfere with tho judicial body and de cide on a caso which was sub judice, Tho Government had not acted without informa tion which in tho mind of tbe chief law adviser established a prima facie case. If this was so, then he must put tho laws in motion, and it was injudicious and unconstitutional to decide on these cases while tho courts were dealing with them. Those men would be tried before a jury. If they were found guilty then thoy must suffer. If they wero shown to be innocent then perhaps they could mako a charge against tho Government for their action. Men could advocate the improve ment of the laws, but they must not advocate the breach of tho laws as they existed. He claimed tho labor party desired to see law and order maintained. He would oppose Mr. Cann's amendment, and in so far as the Government lmd maintained the law ho wus with them. Ho complained that tbo Government should have brought tbe Trades Disputes Concilia tion andArbitration Act into force before this. He thought the Government should consti tute tbe board and request the parties to come to arbitration, as Sir Henry Parkes had asked the parties in a recent great strike to come togother. He advocated that arbitration should be made compulsory. In all individual disputes the law courts wero there for compulsory arbitration, but when the interests of tho community were at stake they would do nothing. By proposing that arbitration should bo compulsory he did not intend to convey tlia'. the awards of the court should be com pulsory. When tho peoplo wore put in possession of evidence regarding disputes that side would succeed that had tho sup port of public opinion. The laws must be enforced, but he thought a new law in the direction he indicated should be introduced, which would obviate ill-feeling. He did not want to curry favor with anybody or mince words, but he must say that tho law had not been impartially administered. An Hon. Member : How ? Mr. CARRUTHERS said he alluded to tho mineowners, who should be charged with conspiracy, because they in every case except one had registered their companios outside of New South Wales, thereby taking the management and tbe power of taxation beyond New South Wales. The mineowners were not citizens of tbiB country. (Hear, hear.) Ho denied the truth of the languago used by the lion, member for. Bulmain (Mr. Murpliy), who, when speaking the other evening, had stated that the in terests of the masses had been neglected, and that was the cause of the prosenee of tbe labor members in the House. : He claimed that many had fought hard for I he rights of tho people long before the labor party or Mr. Murphy wero beard of. Mr. KELLY : Oh ! Ob ! Mr. CARRUTHERS, continuing, said that the liberties tho peoplo now possessed had been won for them by some men who, after many a battle, Btood there to-day, not wearing the laurels of victory but too often subjected to the scoffs and abuse of those who but for thoir efforts would not bavo dared to open their mouths. If tho social system were wrong, tho defects in social systems all over the world were gradually, but surely, being remedied. Alluding to the £1000 expenses given to the Premier, he said that it was no answer to the charge to say that Sir, Henry Parkes or himself had done the same thing. Mr. CRICK : Hear, Hoar ! You did it, though. Mr, CARRUTHERS douied that he had spent money without Parliamentary sanc tion. Mr. CRICK : Nonsense ! Mr. CARRUTHERS proceeded tofurther condemn tho Premier for misappropriating public funds to his own private use. Sir GEORGE DIBBS: What you are saying is deliberately untrue. Mr. SPEAKER said the Premier was not justified in using such an expression. Sir GEORGE DIBBS said that he had no desiro but to conform to tbe rules of tho House, but he merely seized tho opportunity of denying the hon. member's statements. He kuew quite well that the statement that he had misappropriated money to bis own private use could not be true. Mr. CARRUTHERS explained that was not what he meant. In deference to the hon. member ho would alter the charge to misappropriating money to public use as a plenipotentiary while in England. He did not impute nrivato dishonesty. Sir GEORGE DI.BBS : You used the words, that's all. Mr. CARRUTHERS was willing to admit that uo public man could visit the old country without doing Borne good to the colony if he made his preseuce known and spoke on its behalf, (Cheers.) He was, therefore, prepared to admit that tho hon. member must have done some good iu the old land, and he would not enter any further into the question of the Premier's mission. But he pointed out what he considered was the Premier's inconsistency in regard to tho financial part of his mission, and charged the Government with an abuso of their powers in regard to financial matters generally, and especially in regard to pat ronage. He contended that merit only should be tho test of fitness for a position in tho public service, and that in making ap pointments party considerations should bo placed altogether on one side. This Govern ment, however, bad violated this prin ciple. Mr. SEE : Name one case. Mr. CARRUTHERS : Ho could name one, the inspector of scaffolding. (Cheers and laughter.) \ Mr. SEE : What about Angus Cameron? Mr. CARRUTHERS supported Mr. Cameron's appointment, and condemned appointments which had been made in the Department of Agriculture. Mr. EWING considered tho leader of the Opposition was perfectly within his rights in moving tho resolution, but argued tlmt in regard to party matters the Premier's mis- I sion was out of tho question altogether, so far as it being unconstitutional was con cerned. It did not matter what they Baid in regard to tho Premier's duty, the future and succeeding Parliaments would not be affected by it. (Hear, hear.) It was not a right .thing to destroy protection for the purpose of punishing a Premier who did wrong. They had to decide, not what was right in the past or what would be right in tho future, but what was right now. He contended that the Premier had not done wrong in going home. The constitu tion wa3 not a mere written document, but tho real constitution lay in the independ ence, confidence, wisdom and discernment of the people. If it was not there it was not to be found at all. A written constitution was no protection to them — no benefit in a time of trouble— and therefore it lay in tbe character of the' people and not in a written document. There had been no expression of public opiuion against what tbe Proinicr had done, and therefore ho could not be considered as having committed an offence against the constitution. If they woretohave a general election to test everything which hoc. members could deal with themselves, then they would become mere delegates. Coming to the labor question, he said he was prepared to grant that it was the vital question. It was satisfactory to find that every man in tho community believed in law and order. When' the debate com menced no one required all those assurances of law and order. It was said that if a mistake had been made it waB the fault of tho law, and not the fault of tho Governmeut. If that was so the end in view was the altera tion of the law, and not the destruction of the Government. It was better that tbe laws should be kept than broken. Mr. BLACK : Bad lawsshouldbe broken. Mr. EWING said if tbo laws wero bad it was the fault of public opinion, but to break them would degrade tho whole ques tion of reform, and bring about anarchy. There must be reform in legislation. Legis lation might be effected by classes, but because there were defects in the law it should not bo broken. The law wus tbe best they had. Law was like life, whicb, despite colds and influenza, was well worth living. Thoro was no short cut to roform, and those nations who had tried short cuts had mot witli disaster. Selfishness of human nature and custom weru groat obstacles in tho way of progress. Another difficulty was to get a Parliament fit enough to deal with reform. Politicians were scarce who would try to do for tho peoplo that which was right, despite tho people themselves. What was wrong with tho presontFarliamecc was impatience. Australia, compared with tho young re publics budding in America, was an ideal State. England and America had difficul ties that dwarfed Australia's into insignific ance. The negro question in America was a far more serious one than any in this country. Federation, ho considered, would have tho effect of paving tho way for im proved laws in Australia. Sir HENRY PARKES said ho had lis- tened to tho last speech with intorcst. Ho wished he could say with instruction. For the life of him ho could not understand why it was delivered in the present debate. He i ventured on his experience to address a few remarks to that body of gentlemen who were regarded there as the labor represen tatives. He had told them he declined to acknowledge them as the labor party r-(hear, hear) — and he told them — and he thought ho was paying them a high cumplinient— that ho recognised them iu the House as representa tives of a free country. (Hear, hear, j He had said that, and in giving them advice had nothing to hope from them and nothing to fear. Tho sooner these gentlemen began to realise that there was no room in the Legislative Assembly of tho country except for representatives of tho whole people —(applause)— tile sooner they recognised that tho sooner they would be in a position to win advantages for a class they were supposed to reprosent, and to add dignity and houor ou the proceedings of the Assembly. If it coula for a moment bo admitted that tho workers — and tho name was much abused— (hear, hear)— could have class representa tives there, why not tho capitalists, why not tho bankers, why not tho merchants, and, above all, why not tho employers as a class ? Mr. RAE : So they all have. Sir HENRY PARKES, continuing, said ho would like to impress on those mem bers whom ho was addressing that things had beon done before they entered into the Legislative Chamber. He was struck at what he must characterise as tho impudent remark of tho member for Bulmain (Mr. Murphy). Things had -been done for the great body of the people of the country, before they were born. (Applause.) He himself was elected to Parliament so far back as 1854. Had they not done a great deal for the workers since then? (Cheers. ) Was his long service to bo ignored ? Tho colony had been iu a state of barren and lonely bar barism, and it was no w a country of which any rich mail might be proud. Wero not the services of his old friend Sir John Robert son to bo acknowledged? (Cheers.) Who had unlocked thelandsof thccolony to tho people? He did not say thut there was not much yet to be done. There was no rest, thoy wero told, for— politicians — (laughter)— because thero was no rest for the wicked. (Re newed laughter.) He thought the hon. member, Mr. Rae, said bad laws ought to be broken. Mr. RAE : I did not say so. gir HENRY PARKES: Thoro was a special interest surrounding Mr. Rae, and he was glad to learn that the hon. member did not say so — (laughter)— though he felt he would have a harder task in deal ing with the gentleman who did say so. It there was any wisdom in it that bad laws should be broken, what he wanted to know was who was to decide which wero the bad laws? (Cheers.) Were they to allow Mr. Black to decide them ? (" No.") How was the decision to bo arrived at? Mr, M'GOWEN : By the unanimous de cision of tho people. (Loud laughter.) Sir HENRY PARKES : If they had to wait for the repeal of all bad laws, or rather for their being torn out by tho roots, until the people were unanimous they should have the bad laws until a thousand Blacks had died. (Cheers.) What was a bad law except tho power which the peoplo of a free country had called into existence to mako good laws ? (Hear, hoar.) He made these observations addressed to tho gentlemen who called them selves labor members, but whom ho called the representatives of the peoplo. The moment they forgot they were representatives of tho people they were unworthy to represent labor or any other classof men. (Cheers.) Coming to the other matters with which he would try to deal, he desired to say in the first place that tho speech of the hon. and learned member for Padaington appeared to iiim out of place in that debate — (Opposition cheers) — that it was a speech of which be would never feel proud, nor ono on which his constituents' would feel complimented. (Cheers.) He assorted that the maritimo strike was a much moro serious affair than the present difficulty at Broken Iliil, and said he had been hampered by the supporters of the present Ministry during itscontinnance. They wanted him to alter the fiscal policy of the country at that time in order that certain classes might be offended, and thus help to complicate matters, when he had that great trouble on his hands. He refused to do this, as ho was justified in doing, aud how was he treated ? (Cheors.) The hon. member (Mr. Copcland) characterised his action as onb of tbe hollowest shams ever brought before any parliamentary chamber in tho worid. (Cheers. ) That was the way he was treated. But, notwithstanding this, he claimed the credit of having by wise pre cautions, by what he considered judicious conduct, and above all by a patient watchfulness, preserved tho peace of society, protected it from any serious outbreak, and without there having been any serious assault, and without the necessity of a single arrest. (Opposition cheers.) He condemned tho speech of the Attorney- General, which was one of the most abusive for a man in bis position that had ever been delivered in that Chamber, and said tho House was being too much " begeneralled by the Attorney- General," who, by Parliamentary law, should not have the direction of the House or tako part in its deliberation ; in fact, he should, as in England, bo only the legal adviser to the Cabinet. He considered the Government had done right in regard to the Broken Hill matter, and said so at the time. He said tho Attorney- General had tried bftt he had failed to show that tho resolution of which notice had been given by the hon. member for East Sydney had disappeared, and tlmt the question to bo dealt with now was that which had been raised by Mr. Cann. He failed utterly to seo that. The hon. member . for East Sydney had acted tho part of a sensible, upright, intelligent man throughout this business, He did not .sympathise with his namby- pamby sentiments with regard to the absence of tho Premier, and he still thought it would havo been more fair to the Govern meat to have given notice of the motion on tho Addrcss-in- Reply. He should give his vote in direct opposition to the ameudment submitted by the bon. member for Sturt, and if tho hon, member had at heart tbe interest of tho class to which he belonged, and wished to serve their cause, he would withdraw the ameudment. It could ouly confuse the issue. He considered the Government were entitled to have the matter terminated on the plain bald resolu tion submitted by the hon. member for East Sydney, and as he felt that any condemna tion of any part of thoir conduct was em bodied in the motion, he oould not see the utility of tho amendment. He thought it would be better if all amendments were withdrawn. He then wont on to refer to what he had Btated on a previous occasion with regard to the £1000 used in the Premier's trip to England. Hb said ho did not attach any importance to it, and what he said about it was that the caso was unknown to him whero a Minister here or anywhero else had appropriated to his own use £1000 without the sanction of Parliament for a mission fashioned in him self, dofined by himself, and in regard to which ho had refused to give the slightest information to Parliament. What ho had done in expending money without the sanction of Parliamont was nothing to do with tho matter. There was ono thing ho had not done. Ho had never appropriated the use of a Government launch for his own personal purposes. Sir GEORGE DIBBS: Your weakness has been special trains. Sir HENRY PARKES said ho took a special train tho other day, but he paid for it. Ho had expendod money without the sanction of Parliament. Sir GEORGE DIBBS : You expendod £275,000 without the sanction of Parlia ment. Sir HENRY PARKES said he had never expended money belonging to tho public for his own advantage. Ho then went on to contend that the hon. member for East Sydney had made out a case against the Government which no one had made an attempt to answer. The Government had, in his opinion, acted a suicidal part from i tho day thoy took office. In conclusion ho Baid ho would be found voting against the Government. Mr. COPELAND said ho was quito sure that nobody would be in tho slightest degree surprised at tho concluding remarks of tho hon. gentleman who had just sat down. That hou. gentleman had bccD, since ho knew him, continually closing tho door of his political life for over. How many times had ho closed the door? Sir HENRY PARKES: I havo not closed it yet. (Laughter.) Mr. COPELAND said he was quite awaro of that, and was also awaro that lie did not propose to closo them while thero was tho ghost of them being kept open. Nobody over expected tho hon. member to do other than vote against tho Government on this and every ochcr occasion when ho could in jure the Government in offioo. A Govern ment that did not contain the hon. member at the head of it was no Government in the hon. member's opinion. No man was com petent to govern this country except the hon. member in tbe hon. member's opinion. Sir HENRY PARKES: The truest thing the hon. member has said. Mr. COPELAND Baid there was no doubt about it. (Laughter.) Sir Heury Parkes at this pciut left tho Chamber. Mr. COPELAND said the hon. member (Sir Henry Parkes) had adopted the char acteristic practice of having inado a speech aud then going out of tho Chamber so as to avoid hearing what was to be said in reply. Mr. GARRARD : That is what tho Attornoy-Getieral did, Mr. COPELAND replied that tho At torney-General had done nothing of tho kind.. ' Tho Attorney-General could take his gruol, He might say that the Government wero perfectly content to rest their ease with the statement of tho Attorney-General, who had made so many home thrusts that tho leader of the Opposition was not likely to recover from them for some time to co.ne. It was to correct misstatements which had been made in the debate that be ba9 more particularly risen. ' Sir Henry Parkes had stated that the leader of the Opposition knew nothing whntover of the Broken Hill trouble at tho time he gave notice of his motion, and whon he came iuto the House that evening. Before tho loader of the Opposition commenced to speak at tho very opening of his remarks Mr. Cann asked the Government a question. He proceeded to read Mr, Barton's reply. Mr. CHAIRMAN informed the hon. mem ber that he was out of order in quoting from a debate of the present session. Mr. COPELAND said that at all events he could say in contradiction to tho hon. member for St. Leonards that tho Attorney- General gave a distinct' reply to the hon. member for Sturt. He entered into particu lars, and gavo every purticle of information that iho Government wero in possession of. Mr. NEILD : Ho told us to wait at tho end of the debate for information, Mr. BARTON explained that ho bad said he would have preferred tho bon. member or somebody else to havo taken the course during the debate then about to take pl&co.; At any part of his speech he could bavo obtained any information ho wanted. Mr.' COPELAND, continuing, said that they had_ heard a good deal about tho Pre mier's trip to tho mother country and this £1000. It was a well-known fact that at the timetlioHousewasgoingintorecesstheybegan to realise that tho borrowing powers of the country wero to bo very materially curtailed. They found on taking olfico, to their great astonishment, that tho Iato Government, tho head of which.- had not the courage to stay in the Chamber and hear what wus said on the subject, had had tho audacity, after spending £10,000,000 or £11,000,000 during the four years they were in office, to let contracts to the extent of £4,500,000 without having provided one shilling to pay for them. Mr. BRUNKER : £12,000,000 less than you spent.' Mr. COPELAND said yes, in order to pay for exactly what they had to pay for now. The Parkes-Robertson Government let contracts to the extent of £11,000,000 for railways, which were not paying expenses, and other works, most of which were not reproduc tive. Tho present administration took office at a time when tho credit of tho colony was gone, the contracts were let, and there was no money to pay for them. Now what was to be dono? Were tbey to cancel tbe contracts, disband the working men employed on the contracts, and so bring about a fearful collapse in all business matters ? Their duty was to do the best thoy oould to restore confidence in the English market. . Matters got from bad to worse, and from worse to still worse, and it was not until the Houso ' got iato re cess that it was finally determined that tho Promier should go to England, Notwithstanding his bad hoaitli, it wus not till they received communication from the very best men in tho world, who wero com petent to advise them on the financial pro spects of the colony, that it was agreed that tho Premier should go. It was under those circumstances thut the Government, as a Government, the House being iu recess, determined in Cabinet three weeks after the prorogation that it was desirable in the interests of tho country that somebody should go to England. At tho prorogation the Premier had no distinct intention of going home. Sir GEORGE DIBBS : Hear, hear. Mr. COPELAND repeated that it was decided by Cabinet that the Premier shiu'd go home as being the head of the Govern ment, and therefore most likely to carry weight in the English money market. This was with tho doqblo view of doing his health good Bervice and with the distinct intention of endeavoring to restore confidence in the financial prospects of tho colony. Mr. TORPY : Which bo did. Mr. COPELAND said most undoubtedly so. He bad himself received letters and from people who wero somewhat opposed to the Premier giving glowing aceonuts of tho beneficial effect, of his visit. (Cheers.) The Government having decided to send someone, the next question. was whether tho Premier, who was not tho richest man in the colony, should boar tho burden of tho journey or whether the country Bhould bear it. Now, he would put tho matter bo- fore the Houso by asking them to suppose that the mission had been one relating to soma profession or another. Would they Bupposo for one inomont that in such a cuse tho man whom they chose to send home should not be paid in addition to bis salary a travelling allowance? In any branch of tho civil service officers travelling wero entitled to from 15s. to 3 guineas a day for expenses. Ministers were allowed three guineas, and surely a Premier was entitled to fonr or five guineas. Judges, he had iearnt, received on the average £10 per diem. Then he would ask why should they expect the Premier to go homo on this commission of the Executive at his own expense ? It might be thought that ho had a right to do it if ho wero a rich man, and so ho would no doubt, but his financial matters were not iu such a satisfactory state. Ho ven tured to say that tho visit of tho Premier had rendered good sorvico to tho colony. If the Government hnd not taken tho course they had they would havo been neglecting the best interests of tho country. The good ho had affected in negotiating £3,000,000 worth of Treasury bills would easily cover such a small amount as £1000. The Government had decided that tho Pre mier's travelling expenses should be paid by the country. Thoy came to under £1000, and tho action of tiio Government could bo tested whon tho votu was before the Houso on the estimates. Ho had been amnscd by the remarks of Mr. Roid with rofcrenco to this Government being a banqueting Government. It reminded him of boys call ing ono another names. Tho last Government deserved that title. Day after day, month after month, Mr. Cnrruthora had been flying about all ovor tho country, and never spent two consecutive days in his office. Ho travelled about when the Houso was sitting, and had even left the Chamber to go away when tho UEtimates of his department wore being dealt with. (Hear, hear.) He had stumped tho whole country. Mr. CHANTER: And the country laughed at him. (Hear, hear, and laugiiter.) _ M r. COPELAND did not object, for by his free-trade speeches Mr. Carrutbers had made many converts to protection. No man had mado more protectionists than Sir Henry Parkes. (Hear, hear.) Tho ex- Preniicr when in office had visited every electorate in tho country, leaving tho work of his department undone. This Go vernment was, least of ail, open to tho tauut, though it was no crime that they should visit the country and make them selves acquainted with it. Ono tiling tho present Ministers did know tho country, whoroas tho previous Government, com posed of city members, did not. Then Mr. Roid said that the gravest objec tion to this Government was that it had not tho confidence of the people. Yet tho Ministers when they took office went to the country, and by the districts they repre sented— districts including all classes of in terest and in all parts of the colony — they lmd been returned unopposed. The country expressed this confidence after the fullest de finition of tho policy of the Government. Mr. Roid had not tho approval oi the country to him holding the position he occupied. That hon. member's Ministerial service bad only lasted 12 months, and during that time bo was thu most extravagant Minister for Pub lic Instruction tho country had ever had. Ho waa, through a technical point," forced to Ilia constituents, who thou rejected him ignoiuiniously. Mr. TOOHEY : Through tho influence of the Minister for Mines. Mr. COPELAND said he, as a member for East Sydney and a colleague of tho hoc. member, had supported Mr. Rcid'B candida ture, and Mr. Slattery was also a supporter at the time. Tho Governmeut waB not un popular at that time, as was shown by his own return at the following olectiou. Ac cording to all tho evidence that could bo obtained, the Government possessed tho con fidence of the country, whatever its position in tho Houso might be. He pointed out that when Mr. Reid was in offioo in 1883 tho cost of the Education Department was 10s. 8d. per head of the population. In 1881 it was only 12s. 7d., and in 1880, when Mr. Suttor was Minister, the cost, although tho number of children had increased, was £107,440 less than in Mr. Ueid's year of office. (Hear, hear.) If then Mr. Roid showed such in capacity in administering the Department of Education how could ho properly ad minister them all as leader of the Government? Mr. Reid was much troubled at tho Government calling the Houso together in tho abseneo of the Premier, and his great troublo was that if the motion of censure was carried thon the Government could not go out, and thus the Opposition might be kept a week from the emoluments oi office. What u terrible calamity that would be to tho colony. (Laughter.) The Government had shown courage in meeting the House with its chief and one of its best men away, and they should be given credit for not wishing to wasto tho time of Parliament. Mr. Reid's Bpeech was nothing but a wild screech. Ho had never read a more rambling, pointlesB speech. He thought the attempt to stir up bad feeling against tbe Upper Houso was contemptible. It was wrong and unconstitutional of the lion, member to say that tbe Legislative Council would throw outtlicElectoral Reform Bill. Ho had played low too in using such a subterfugo as the statement that tiio Pre mier had in England been holding out in ducements to peoplo to corns out here. The hon. member knew the Premier had only been removing an ubsurd impression that the country hud blocked out people from coming here. If Sir George Dihbs had not removed this foul slander that we did not want peoplo from England here ho would have done less thun oould havo been expected of him. We did not want to import their goods to dis place the labor of our own people, but let the peoplo themselves come here and tiiey would bo perfectly welcome, Tbe leader of tko Opposition, however, in a sneak ing, unmanly and underhand way had ondeavorcd to show that tho Premier had held out inducements for immigration to set in. But the Premier did nothing of the kind, and no remark of hiB could pos sibly bear that construction. Mr. Reid had not the courage to say that ho himself was in favor of immigration, but qualified it by saying that when tbe proper tirno arrived he would be. Yes, tho proper time, for him to get into office. His remarks on labor-saving machinery wero equally fallacious. He (Mr. Copeland) was utterly astounded that a man who had had a liberal education could cxpresB himself aB ha had done. Ho could understand a man 40 or 50 years ago object ing to muehinery, but it would be difficult to-day to find a man, oven of the working classes, so foolish as to cxpresB himself as opposed to the introduction of labor-saving machinery. (Hear, hear.) The fact was the hon. member had spoken as ho hud simply with the idea of influencing tho votes of t ho labor party. On the same principle as the hon. mombcr had laid down ho would probably stop the running of trams and introduce wheelbarrows in their places so as to give additional employment. (Laughter.) Mr. HOLLIS : What about tho Minister for Works manufacturing iron pipes hero ? Mr. COPELAND: That wa3 quite right, because tho Minister would establish afresh industry. America, tho homo of protection, was equally tho home of invention. Mr. INGLIS : I think you can give any American points iu invention. Mr. COPELAND said tho hon. member could invent tigers— that was about all. Mr. Reid then went on to refer to the employment of children in factories, but it was like all his other assertions. He (Mr. Copeland) could say this, that if tho colony would Dot prosper under protection it cer tainly would never prosper under free- trade. Mr. Reid's political career was utterly barren of results so far as any practical legislation was concerned, and notwithstanding that he had been a member of the Houso for some 12 years, his free- trado proclivities had never induced him to try and enforce free-trade principles on this country. (Cheers.) Tho members of tho Government, however, had acted very dif ferently. He had always endeavored to give effect to his protectionist principles, and directly tho opportunity offered they wore given effect to. In I88G while tho Jennings Ministry was in office they introduced a bill to provide for an inepmo tux, so that tho wealthy should contribute in proportion to their wealth to the coffers of the State, but neither by word nor vote did ho support that bill, although ho was nominally a supporter of tho Government. Tho samo course had been pursued by tho hon. mem ber in regard to the Land Tux Bill introduced by tho samo Govern ment. Now what became of the lion, mem ber's attempt to hoodwink tho Houso by his assertions now in regard to the principles contained in those two measures. Tho lion, member talked about his policy. Ho never had one, and never camo to the Houso once in three months. (Hear, hear.) Then the same Government introduced a bill imposing a tax of id. in the £ on tho capital value of unimproved land. Surely that was a matter of taxation that they had heard numbers of hon. memborB shriek over. They had heard the hon. member shriek over it last night, but as in tho caso of tho other measurea the Government had failed to pass it owing to gentlemen, who now formed tho Opposition, and who were now clamoring for such taxation, refusing to support it, Tho Government had had the courago of their opinions, and sought to impose taxa tion on the wealthy classes. They had heard a number oi assertions from lion, members, but not ono of them had been nijin enough to bring a charge of corruption against the present Government, Tho Government had been attacked for making certain appointments, but if it was wrong on their part to do so, it was equally wrong for the previous Government to do it. He would draw attention to another remark mado by the leader of the Opposition during the time tho Jennings Government was in power. Mr. Reid on that occasion said, referring to tho ad valorem duties : "Free-trader as I am, if a protectionist policy wero brought iuto force to-morrow I should bo the last to try to upset it, because the moment vested interests arise, the moment men bccomo dependent upon in dustries, tho moment you have to deal with flesh and blood vou cannot alter the policy of tho country.' Tho hon. member was now doing exactly tho opposite of what ho said ho would do. Protection had been imposed, vested interests hnd arisen and the hon. member was doing all he could to upset the policy. If he succeeded tho effect would bo that manufacturers would never again attempt to establish industries here. They would say tho country was not safe to spend their money in. Then again, if the lion. member was successful, what Cabinet could lie form? Sir Henry Purkcs would not take office uudcr him. It would bo impossible for him to get the best men of the frce-trado party in his Cnbinot. The hon. member was simply loader of the fag end of the free-trade party. Tho best men of tho party would not think of taking olfico under him. In conclusion, he pointed out thut in 1887 Sir Henry Parkes threatened the House witli a dissolution unless it granted him supplies. The hon. member for St. Leonards dared Parliament to refuse supplies simply bocauso lie hud the promiso of a dissolu tion. Tho debate was adjourned on tiie motion of Dr. HOLLIS. ADJOURNMENT. Tbo House, at 11.45, adjourned till tbo usual hour on Tuesday next. 