A GOOD MATCH. OCHAPTER XII. " So yoiu think she has really managed it I" said Mrs. Vivian, laying down a newspaper she had beeoon perusing with great attention, as she sat some four or five months later in the drawing. room of her honse in Hydo-park place. " ' The marriage of Miss Pennyfeather of Albion- park, S-shire, and Sir Bar nard L'Eetrange of L'Estraugo Castle, will take place early next month.' Will it ? 1 hope I am not a very vin diotive person-I hope not-but I do look forward to seeing Albiuia Penny. feather have a come- down in life. As I told her, I hate eunning and schem. uing and malice, and she has planned and schemed Lad hesitated at nothing to gain her oeis. If she had broken Doris' heart instead of only breaking off her engagement, she wouldn't have cared. She thought nothing of trying to injure her character, and did all she could to enconrage me to leave her a pauper. I gave lher a hint more than once; I told lher I knew the Moronys, and should tell them all about liher. She might have taken the trouble to find out what I meant by my hint, but she was too wrapped up in heliar own underhand schemes to think of any thing else. I hate making mischief and meddling, as 1 told liaher; but now I think it is my duty to do something. Perhaps some day she'll thank me for it, though not now. She'll hats me, of course-it will be but natural; but I think " (and she laughed grimly) "I shall survive I" Albinia Pennyfeather had by this time returned to London, and was busy preparing wedding finery for her self and ordering now dresses, jewel lery, and fal-lals of every description in the greatest profusion. Her wed ding-dress had been invented by the most celebrated of Parisian modiates, and had caused that distinguished per son to pass several sleepless nights ere its details could be settled to her satisfaction. Her jewels, especially her diamonds, were the talk of Lon don ; everyone thronged to see them, and wore eager to make the acquaint ance of their fair possessor. Indeed, Albinia began to find herself quite a notoriety in the fashionable world ; and it was whispered that she would be quits the handsomest and certainly the richest bride of the season. A few days later, as Miss Penny feather was seated in the dining-room with her lawyer, who had brought various documents for her perusal (Albinia was a good woman of busi. ness, and loohked into things carefully), the door of the room was suddenly thrown open after, as it seemed, a little skirmish had talken place between some person and the servant in the hall, and Mrs. Vivian stalked with her usual abruptness into the room. " My dear Albinia," she cried, " I know you will excuse me. Ah I Mr. Broughton," (to the lawyer,) "how do you do I, He and I are very old friends, my dear; and hero. are two other old friends of yours and mine, and his, too, maybe-Mr.: and Mrs. Morony of Boston, and another friend, whom I have no doubt you will be charmed to meet again ; but prepare for a: surprise, my dear--a very great surprise." Albinia had risen on Mrs. Vivian's entrance, and had dones' her best to look delighted at the old lady's iunox pecsted visit. Her 'faeo had fallen a little however at the appearanca of Mr. and Mrs. Morony, and. turned ghastly white as a tall, black-bearded strangerfollowed them into the room. " Who-who is this ? Mrs. Vivian, what have you dons this for?" she faltered, her eyes blazing witls' anger and fear. "Why, have you. brought here-that-that man P', - And she pointed at the stranger. "Surely, you know, my dear," re. plied Mrs. Vivian, calmly. "Mr. Joe Harris. You can't have forgotten him ?" Albinia shrieked aloud, and put out her hands before her as if to keep him back. "No-no," she cried. "He is dead I He died four years ago. You are trying to deceive me because I broke off Doris Lislo's engagement, and you hate me. Joe Harris is dead. Who is this man ? Joo died." " Not a bit of it, Albinia," replied the stranger, with a hearty laugh. "I'm all alive and never felt better or more likely to live than I do at this moment, my dear. Mr. Morony, Mrs. Morony, ma'am, you'll speak up for me and tell Albinia I'm myself and no ghost. Why, I must be changed in six years if my own wile don't re oognise me I" "Whew 1" whistled the old lawyer, looking round with raised eyebrows. "Your wife, sir 2" "That's so, sir-my wife; married to me ten years ago, though circum stances separated us"--and he winked knowingly-" and by a strange acci dent I didn't learn till quite lately that those circumstances were changed. You really believed me dead,.then, Albinia ?" And he advanced towards her ; but she shrank back, and falling on ths sofa, burst into a fit of hysterical tears and oobs, real enough as every one saw. "Poor thing-poor thing I No wonder she's Qvercomo," he said, kindly. " Wo've been too thdden with her, I reckon. There-There l and he took her hand. " You'll get accustomed to the idea presently, Albinia, and we'll have a good time together when we get straight. This is how it is, sir," iho continuod, ad dressing Mr. Broughton, who had been addressing a few words in a low voice to Mr. Morony. "I maonied Albinia there against her father's will, for I was a poor man ten years ego, and he had set his heart on his daughter making a good match, and wouldn't agree to it at any price. We ran off and got mar ried on the sly, you know (but I took care everytliug was legal and correct), and then Albinia returned to her father's house in order to break the news to him gently. The old man was in a terrible rage, how ever, when he heard it, and swore that if Albinia left him and went back to me it should be 'with only the clothes she wore for a por tion. Well, this didn't suit me, nor her either, and we reckoned we had best humour the old gentleman a little. Albinoia stayed with him and I went out west. Four years later I came back and found him in the same mind; then I concocted a little scheme to outwit him (he was an old man and I guessed he wouldn't live long); he still vowed he'd not leave Albitia a cent asno my witfe, so I resolved to die and see what be would do for her as my widow. " Well, fortune favoured me, and a friend "-with a look at Mr. Morouv -" helped me. Joo'Harris isn't an uncommon name. There is more than one man so called I've met my. self. Well Joe Harris died. and John Pennyfeather, after careful inquiry, came to the conclusion that Joe Harris was-me I" Albinia gave a smothered shriek as he said these words, and snatched her hand from his grasp. "Poor girl-poor 'Binia I she believed it too, it seems. I hadn't reckoned on that, you see. Well, I went away from Boston, out west again, after my supposed death, and was-well, it doesn't matter how- unable to return for a long spell. When I did come back I found Morony there was some where in Europe, and John Penny. feather, too; but I didn't hear till a few months ago that the old man was dead nor that lie had made a will in Albinia's favour before he died. I am indebted to Mrs. Morony for that in formation, which I am told she re ceived from this good lady here-Mrs. Vivian, I mean." "Yes, sir," put in Mrs. Vivian; " I heard your atory from Mrs. Morony in Italy last year, and when I had the pleasure of making Miss Penny feather's acquaintance in Chillhurst I felt certain she was the other party in the romantic history. I congratulate you, Mr. Harris, on finding your lost bride. Albinia, my dear, I am sure you will feel thankful to me for having been the means of restoring to you- But, good gracious I I believe Mrs. Joe Harris has fainted." "Mrs. Joe Harris I " The sound of her name finished Albinia. She closed her eyes and sank back yet further on the sofa, and away from her husband, in a real swoon. Hints of an extraordinary and romantic occurrence in high life ap peared in all the society papers that day : " A marriage that had been looked forward to as one of the great'events of the season, for mysterious reasons would not now come off. Astounding disclosures, &o.;" Sir Boernuard.at Brighton read these hints oarelessly. Ib was not till another day had passed that he real ised to what they referred; then a peremptory letter from his lawyers recalled him to town, and the fact that Albinia Pennyfeather was already provided with a husband was made clear to him. His rage was terrible. Even Mr. Broughton, adeustomed as he was to be brought face to fae with all phases of anger and despair in his business capacity, was appalled by it. Sir Bernard, in speaking of what had taken place, seemed to lose all control over himself and all respect for the woman who in a few days he would have made his wife. He rushed off to Albinia's town house, determined to have an interview with her and Mr. Joe Harris; but lie found the great house shut up, the blinds drawn down, and on inquiry was informed that Albinia and her husband had set off the evening before to Liverpool and were now on their way to the States, in which they in. tended for the future to reside for good. Somehow the news seemed to sober Sir Bernard. He returned to his rooms at Brighton, and next morning crossed with something like secrecy to France, and made the best of his way across the border into Spain. L'Estrauge Castle was speedily let to a rich cotton lord, and it was some years before Sir Bernard showed his face again in London or in S-shire. No one know till after he had departed how nearly ihe had stood on the verge of bankruptoy. a' * -k v It was autumn again, the shooting had just commenced, and as usual Chillhurst had thrown open its hos. pitablo doors to many guests, amongst others to Mrs. Vivian. "Your father has told you, I sup pose, that I have altered my will ?" site said, warningly, to Doris, who received her with great warmth and affection. "He has ? And you believe it true-sih ? Well, you don't seem to take it much to heart. Bless the child I fow well and happy sie looks I" and Mrs. Vivian hold Doris at arm's length and looked at her ad miringly. "I'm very well and very happy," she cried, " and delighted to see you, god-mamma. We have a charming party staying with us-people I know you will like. Autt Margaret is coming over, and-and the Sybil is expected at Portsmouth every day." A few days later, as Mrs. Vivian and Doris were seated in the drawing room alone, the gentlemen having de parted on a big shoot, a carriage drove up to the house, and a moment later the door opened, and Oscar Dun raven, bronzed, happy, and radiant, entered. "Oscar i" cried Doris, in joyful accents, while her cheeks glowed witm delight. " Oh I Oscar, how pleased I am." His eyes met hers, full of a glad, passionate light. Ha seized her hands in his without uttering a word. Mrn. Vivian rose gently and silently glided from the room. " After all, I ought not to feel so hardly towards Mrs. Joe Harris-poor AlbiniaI " she murmured. " Out of evil has come good. Her selfish scheming has brought about the Iap pinuss of these two true lovers. Without it, I might not been able to accomplish my wiahes." Of course, Oscar lost no time in as suring himself of Doris' love and gaining Mr. Lisle's consent to his suit, and the marriago was fixed to tahe place in early spring. It was to be a very grand affair, and the rich and grrat, the lile of S-shire society, were invited to it. Mrs. Vivian took the koeenest interest in all the arrange ments, and took iall trouble about them off Doris' hands, assuming the command of overything and every one in a manner that rather irritated Mr. Lisle at times, who thought pri vately that as Doris was no longer her godmother's heiress, that lady need not take sucho a very active interest in her concerns. He was obliged to acknowledgo, however, that Mrs. Vivian quite understood the arrange moent of the festivities, and carried out all i his nts and ideas very ably and very graciously. Presents poured in on the bride and bridegroom from all aides - plato, jewels, rare ouriosities, costly lace, valuable ornaments. As Oscar said, laughingly, La Vallid would hardly be able to contain his bride's now acquisi tions; but time went on, and tihe wedding day arrived without MIrs. Vivian making any offering, either to her godchild or the bridegroom. " I never can think of a present to give a man," she said, "and Dorishas got more plate than shabe will want, and more jewels than she'll be able to wear. I shall give her a cheque. Yes, that will be best. If you are sending a list of the presents and donors to the papers, Philip, please put down ' Mrs.Vivian-a cheque.' " Mr. Lisle did so, wondering mean time how much of the fortune that ought to have been hers Mrs. Vivian intended to bestow on Doris-a trifle, he supposed a few hundred pounds at most, and he sighed. Dorias would not be very well off as Mars. Oscar Dunraven, certainly not rich till after his and Aunt MIargaret's death. The happy day dawned clear and bright, the bride looked lovely, the bridegroom happy and handsome, Mr. Lisle proud and self.important, Aunt Margaret sweet and full of quiet content, Mrs. Vivian fussy and nervous though everything went offo xcellently, and everyone was charmed with the arrangements and the breakfast, the weather and the dresses. Just as the bride had finished her travelling toilette, and had laid aside her costly bridal robe and flowing veil, Mrs. Vivian suddenly entered her dressing-room. "My dear child I" she cried, "I had nearly forgotten that cheque. Here it is" (and shel held up an envelope), " and with it there is a note for your husband. See II am putting it into the pocket of your writing- book, in your travelling-bag. To-morrow, when you are a little tired of each other's society, and want something to amuse you, you can open it. Nay, don't thank me ; enjoy it-that's all. And now, give me one kiss before you go." Ten minutes later Doris had bidden farewell to her father and Chillhurst, and was on her way to the railway station with Oscar, and it was not till a couple of days later that Mrs. Vivian received a letter from Doris and one from Oscar acknowledging her gift. MIr. Lisle received letters from the young couple by the same post, and scarcely had he read them than he rushed to thie library wItere Mrs. Vivian was sitting, in a great state of excitement. "My dear Mrs. Vivian, this is kind, generous, noble of you," he cried. "To what do you allude, my dear Philip ?" she asked, innocently. " To this-this princely gift to Doris-fifty thousand pounds I How can I ever thank you enough ? And then your promise to Oscar to make him your heir 1" "Hum I Doris might have been my heiress, but I dare say she doesn't ob ject to the change I have made; she is too happy to care about money, I fancy, Philip. Do you know, sir, it is my firm behef that if I had not out Doris out of my will as I did, and if I had not taken care to let Sir Bernard know, lorg before I told you that I bad done so, he would have married Doris and made her miserable ?" Mr. Lisle looked puzzled. " Do you think so ?" he said, doubt fully: " Yes, I'm certain of it. Why, I declare, Philip Lisle, you are as blind as ever I But, there, we won't argue, and I won't be cross. Doris has mar ried the right man and is happy. and that's all we need ears about. After all, she turns out to be, what L'Estrange once thought her-the best match in the county." THIe END. 