INTERNATIONAL CRICKET MATCH. AUSTRALIA COMMENCES BADLY. ALL OUT FOR 144. SYDNEY. EmnAT. \- flie second of the international rwHriwi between England and Australia was com menced to-day in weather best described as uncertain. The day anas fine enough of itself, the doubt being as to what lay behind it. It was one of those days, indeed, upon which the captain wonld wish his opponents to win the toes and take the responsibility of a decision. The Englishmen were not sanguine at starting, some of the pro fessionals thinking their matches on matting in Melbourne were a bad preparation for a big game on the turf. The Anstralians played this time in the light bine of Sydney, a better arrangement - than the go-as-you-please style that prevailed in llelbonrpe. The colours have, how ever, been a bit out of luck of late. On fVfdpgr a further change was made in the jgtbpiire, J. Tooher, who some years ago played in intercolonial cricket, acting with Fljrnn. The general belief on tbe&ound; was that Moses would >be ofcptain, each colony in thin fnrfiisbiBg ^felrfleader. The members hbW* ^pri--Kthjeir*; .,'dfpision being that the bart man Should lead, irrespective of /PoloniM? Blackham would have pre D^^reucpngement, as he worries ~ '' $ About the responsibilities t;Jbe o«n rarely do justice to lajHSofcster. The attendance was rfft^bn ahy of the chiefdaye ;wbpfih: the fcydney > Here nppexnl ofbeatjiigthe Melbourne fciokbOT had the doubtful i>rivi etoMfrom Orace, and on * '"•'"W-" ~ While Lyons's first was a pull to square-leg for 3. In the third over he got right over one, and for an instant the hearts of nine tenths of the crowd were in their mouths. No catch, but a sharp appeal to Tooher soon after for 1 b w against the same batsman, that also being given in his favour. Banner man was batting beautifully, and was loudly cheered for an on hit from Sharpe for 4. They ran promptly to 24, Lyons playing a much quieter game than is his custom, when Lohmann went on in place of Sharpe. From the first the Surrey man bowled with ex cellent judgment. Sometimes he put down a few slow straights, one just clear of the off stump; then a faster one which came back sharply. The fieldsmen were in a chronic condition of rushing out to the chains and back to the wicket just as Lyons or Banner man happened to face the bowler. The first 20 were made in 25 minutes, and then Ban nerman, trying to place one behind the wicket, came to grief exactly as in the inter colonial match, Abel catching him at short slip. The first wicket fell at 31, Bannerman being in 26 minutes for his dozen. George Giffen made the superstitious amongst the audience gloomy by twinging out the wrong bat, to commence with, and Lyons, to break the charm, changed his bat, which he declared was • one-sided. It certainly was in the sense that it made nearly all the runs. The chanse had a good effect, for with the new bat he lifted Briggs over to the scoring-board, and put one of Lohmannis on the top of the ladies' pavilion —these ' two hits, both made without the ghost of ah effort, rousing the enthusiasm of the crowd for the first time. At 57 Attewell weut on for Giffen. On the night before the match, the Englishmen, being told they mast expect more runs from Giffen in this match, retorted that Attewell had got him several times, and they thought he could get him again. The matter was never put to the test, for Giffen, who is always a bit unsafe in the slips at start ing, touched one of Lohmann's and was caught by Abel in the slips. 2—6—57. Moses went in with Lyons, but just on the luncheon hour the latter went for a ball of Lohmann's nearly wide, and hit it hard into the hands of Grace at point. It went thence straight into the air, and the English captain held it with more comfort when it came down again. Lyons, in making his 41, batted with nnuBnal caution, and he was clearly afraid of the heavy wind behind the trawlers from the south end, where his drives might have come down short of the boundary. Three for 62 and luncheon, by which time the popular opinion was that the Australians had made a mistake in going in first. The balls were hanging a bit on the pitch at one end, and all the bowlers got work on without much difficulty. The Aus tralians would have been in a predicamenthad the Englishmen gone in to bat, for Turner was unable to reach the ground before the interval, but he arrived in time to go in with Moses when play was con tinued. Both men played first-rate cricket, Moses for the most part waiting for them, and scoring )>ehind the wicket, while Turner ran out and smothered most of them on the pitch. At $5 Sharpe bowled instead of Attewell. and with an even 90 on the board a rising ball of Lohmann's went up from the shoulders of Turner's bat so close to the wicket that M'Gregor got to it without any difficulty. Turner, as he has always done lately, played first-class cricket. As soon as Bruce came in Lohmann made a fine effort to catch him by bouncing down the pitch to one which the batsman played back. Bruce was a long time starting, all his hits finding fieldsmen. But at last he got through with two of his sweetest back cuts, bringing 100 up. Moses's batting was simply pier feet In running he saved his leg as much as possible, bnt it in no way affected the free dom of his batting, and he drove Lohmann especially with decision from almost every ball. At 116 Attewell came bark in place of Sharpe. This change was disastrous to Brace, who jumped out. to drive Attewell, and was oauglit by Bean, who waited for it close to the fence. Half the Australians^ wickets for 117 runs was a record not nearly good enough, provided the fine weather lasted into Saturday. Trott' was next, and got his first runs through the misfielding of Briggs. Moses, in faying to glance one to leg, put it towards point, but Grace was too alow in getting under way. Trott was never at ease. He played one or two afaeakily, then polled an off ball of Lohmann'a back on to his wicket Six for 123\. M'Leod also was all abroad the first few he got from Lohmann, which all rose over his bat Lohmann was bowling splendidly, and backing it up between wickets in the finest style. They bad just, tan a sharp single when Moses' leg gave way again, and he was only able to limp between the wickets. Having taken the risk in play tbe Australians were disinclined ing Moses, to ask for a substitute, and the Englishmen said nothing. Next over Moses, in trying a back cat put ohe up, and was caught at point His score of 29 was made by first-rate cricket, arid his innings practically closed with the recurrence of his injury, as it was quite impossible for him to have gone on hatting under the circumstances. Walter Giffen joined M'Leod, who glanoed one to leg for 4, and at the 4 o'clock adjournment the score wasl32. The game thus far was quite uninteresting. ' \- On continuing play Walter Giffen, when shaping wefl, was splendidly caught and bowled by Lohmann. He'followed it up, and jumpipg forward, shovelled up a ball which never seemed to rise higher than six inches above the iutf. Giffen was disinclined to go, and appealed to the umpire at the other end, who also gave it out. Eight for 132, and Callaway came in. The light fading about this time, mid the clouds gathering, rtrns came at very rare intervals, ana the play was scarcely worth watching. In about! half Sn hour's batting they; adored 4 runs only, apd: Attewell foiled in a one-banded 'effort to hold Callaway in the slips, -the' catch not.being fit' all difficult. One of M'Leod's singles was dan gerously close, to Grace. Callaway was in '* ■ " 4 ^ a run, the M'Leod, who gerbnsly close, to. Grace. Cafiawa neatly half ah hour before be got a firstbeing satiricailycheered. MM had laboriously acquired 13, snicked one, ' jht by Atf " * which was d&ughtby; Attewell; 9 for 141. Blackham, the ever popular, was loudly cheered as.the last man, bia modesty in that respect being rathprmisplaced. He lost no tMqg te rooting fam Lonnmnn 'with a^snfok for a too short oim—aifsSmost hopelesscase —and Calloway was ruh put, the' lnnjngs closing at a few minutes past II o'clock for the poor score vf 144L The.T Australians was entirely disa) tbg bowling was for * ttuus ui juasji uuwji wc npf wuw helped by the wicket ^d ' some $ay, with the egceptioo of 'the few .open luDpicg slips. The Englishmen opened their innings with Grace and Abel to the bowling ol Turner and M'Leod. Tire first run they got was a sharp one, and a better return from George Giffen might have got the wicket, Abel snicked his first one pretty close to his wicket, so that each got his first run riskily. Grace cut Turner prettily to the fence. It was pitiful to see Moses trying to field them in the slips, and still more pitjful from a manly or generous point of view that he should have been asked t« do so.1 Grace, giving a grand-stand catch at the close of on over, had an opportunity to sell the crowd, and did so completely. The Englishmen's backing-up was good, and they never lost a possible run. Grace put another beautiful 4 on with a back cut oft' M'Leod. He lifted one, however, which Lyons, out near the chains, might have got to had he not first misjudged it. M'Leod was easy to both men and 20 came up quickly, everything splendidly run. At 27GeoigeGiffen went on instead of M'Leod. Grace brought 30 up with an on hit to the fence off Turner, but he could do nothing better than stop Giffen. Abel again got heavily on to Turner, when stumps were drawn for the day, the scores standing—Grace 23, Abel 15; total 38. The following are the detailed scores Bannertnan, o Abel, b Lohmann .. .. 12 Lyons, c Grace, b Lohmann .. .. 41 Moses, c Grace, b Lohmann .. ..39 G. Giffen, c Abel, b Lohmann .. .. 0 Turner, c ITGr^or, b Lohmann .. .. 15 Bruce, o Bean, b Attewell l>r> Trott, b Lohmann .. 3 M'Leod, c Attewell, b Lohmann .. .. 13 W. Giffen, c and b Lohmann .. .. 1 Callaway, ran out 1 Blackham, not out 3 Extras 6 Total 144 Cowling Analysis. Balls. Buns. Maidens. Wickets. Lohmann .. 200 08 18 8 Attewell 186 35 20 1 Brigws .... 60 24 2 0 Sharpe .... 60 31 1 0 ENGLAND. Grace, not out 23 Abel, not out _ ..15 Total 38 