WxnwesQAy,~: JA2UAetY G,>1S92. - LOCAL IisTELLIOCEN CE. Divine service in -connmedtion itli the Church ofiEnigland will be hell Sunday next, as folloi?s :Toordiii, .11 m. Clyde, 2.30 p.m.; Cranboarne, 7p.m. Cardinias, 7 p. m. Wii are in.receipt of the" Australian Journal "? for the month ofi January,' It' is, as .sual, very readable and entertain= pig and coispipnds itf', .:.: Membership of th'e Daidenong -lie iiichan Institute Billiaid Club having ceased at. the end of December, those whb'iisah to become .meni rs for.:the essuntlg' yearr s wte a . The main street .of Daniidenoig :was seen at its best on Saiturday morning; ,when the wind swept doicii with sisch hurricane force as to cause. clouds of dust to rise, which 'completely obscured from sight the buildings on each side of the street??- A more disagreeable state. 'of :affairs is hardly: possible,- but, still 'our civicddignitaries, who are not compelled to bear with the nuisance;, listen to the complaints. of the suffering. ratepayers with blaipd, sympathetic smiles; in which there is o inuch of promise, but, alas ! solittle of fulfilmnent. A man named Francis Key, an inmate of the Beaconsfield Inebriate Retreat, committed suicide in a most determined manner at about five o'clock on Sunday morning by placing a loaded gun under his chin and firing it. The charge went through his head, blowing his face and the fore part of his head to atoms :The deceased, who was a commission agent, resided at Seymour, where his wife and family are living. Much indignation is expressed at a man in Key's condition being allowed to obtain firearms. On New Years; Day a team representing theFi?i' Company of Engineers visited Hastings :to compete against the Battery Rifle Club. The weather was remarlkably fine, and notwithstaudingthegood average shodting, the local team S on by GO points. In:th'evetiing the members of tlie Hasitings'Battery assembled pt a- dinner, and tdok occasion to wish hbosn'oyage to Lieutenant-G. ,W. . Watson, -the officer cominanding the battery; whi: leaves for Queensland this week:- Avery pleasant evening was spent, the" visiting team' leaving for town by the 9.35 train. Th.' e congregation of the Presbyterian Church; Carlton; have made a call to the Rev. R. W. Rocke, pastor of Cranbourne and Berwick parishes, and the matter was ~iscussed at the the usual monthly "igee ngof the Presbytery on Monday. 'On "liefirsiit intimation of the call the i?caengregations at once passed reso lutions'tothe effect that they wished to retnais the services of "Mr. Rocke, and representatives from both congregations attended the nmeting. Mr. Rocke stated •that he had seriously considered the call, and he felt that it was his duty for the present to stay with the people amongst whom he was now stationed, and he must decline the call. It was decided not to give effect to the call. Disciples of Izaak Walton are directed to peruse the following letter from the San Remo correspondent of a Melbourne daily ;-" An unusual supply of good fish has beep found both in the Bass and Powlott rivers this season. Two rival fishing parties started from San Item- on NeW Year's morning, consisting of Mr. G. D. Carter and friends for the Bass, and Mr. Jex and friends for the Powlett. On returning it was found that Mr. Carter's party had hooked 51 black fish, averaging 11lb. each, and could have hooked many more but for their attention being attracted by dupks, of which they got a good bag. Mr. Jex and his friends caught (fly fishing) in the Powlett 72 perch, ayeraging frola .li!b to 311b. weight, ,A very plesnpt daisco *pas Iold ip the i D~ndEnong towi' hfll onNew Year's Eve. About fifty ladies mnd geutldmen pttnded, as tihe night piissed verr 1lesu.l . it ': Dandengeo t Cour .t oorro Cran bourne and Berwicsik Shire Councils meet on Saturday. pert, Danidenong Rateo payers Assegiation tieet this eveying, at A notice nlppear elaewher , in .our columns which will be found of import ance.to.the electors of thg Dromnna and T ootps bik - divisizps opf the e 'lectoral distnrict of Morpington" r The Dan'deong Bras. Band: play a s "ort programn of anus~~pc on No'e ,ear's Eve. They took their stand iii front of the town hlll and their'playing o was very much enjoyed. Thq bandsoein desire to thank the townspeople for their.kiud iess andlibermqlity on Christniasv E e. A eMeeting of shareholders iii the Oak= leigh and Ferntree Gully?Traiway Coinm pany was held Iat the office of'theo c?n? pany, 229 Collins street, oni Wedesday I last.. ir..T., G. Wilkinson presided, and' explained'thiitthid objept of the iiieetiiig was to confirm theI resolutions paseed ata meeting.go the 7th ilt',? the effEit taint the.comlpquuy:sh ld be vouiid up;oblun tarilaid thatr?f G` BarD ker s,-ould ~itiatvur. He qniiovrd tlitf the resol? tc?ns.belconfirmed M"fr" G=:D' Barker isecond'ei the 'mitidni, and stated that thciigh there wasigreat nged- for the tramway, it would be impossible to carry" it out with the piesint limited number of shareholders, and n lorder to avoid the necessity of mnkiii fiurther'calls it haid been resolaed to go into liquidation.' The mutiouio: was carried and the' meeting closed. A magisterial inquiry was held att Mor- nington on Saturday, before Mr. A Downward, J.P., touching the death of A: Meiklejohn, aged about 25, a native of Stirling, Scotland, and a stranger to the district, whose body was found on the 1st inst, in a shallow pool of water in the Sea Paddock. " on the south side of Mount Martha, by Mr. A. H. Sargood whilst out. shooting. The evidence ad- duced went to show that the deceased called ,upon Mr. J. Irvine, grazier, of Mount Martha, at about 5 p.m., on the 30th ult., and. asked for work. Mr. Irvine promised him work. He after- wards stated that a number, of men were in the paddock,,and had threatened to shoot him. He had, the appearance of having been drinking. He went to. bed, but at.about 11 o'clock : he got up and went out, and after running about the road for some time disappeared. The post mortem examination of the body showed. that the cause of death was drowning. A verdict of found drowned was returned . : hTlieI new:" Roima'n Catholic- Church; Dandenol g wtill bie formally opened by' 'Archbishop Carr. on Sunday: next. Pre parations hare bedin made for the.prriduc tibli of a speciall fnlss, antd besides the best local talent: available .a quartette of singers from.. St. Francis', Melbournied, have been secured t.o titke iat in the solos. j: o have been' informed that Bliss JeJoqepine O'Brien has consented to assist the choir, so,thit lovers. of good music may anticipate a brilliant service. A number of the Dandenong Water Trust Commissioners met by appointment on Monday afternoon, and proceeded to for the purpose of inspecting the site of the proposed reservoir in that locality. After a thorough examination of the site, the Commissioners decided that if it were possible to complete the scheme without erecting a second reservoir it would be better to do so, as by such a course the pressure would be greater; and the water much clearer from the reservoir on the Monbulk Creek. At a meeting of the Commissioners later in the day a resolution to that effect was carried. The following return of infectious diseases is officially publishedby the Board of'Pdibli Health :--Typhoid cases reported for the.week ended January 2 of 1891 and 1892-For the whole colony, 1891, 28. cases, 11 death ; 1892 61 cases; 0 deaths ;'fori metropolitan area, 1891' 20 cases, no,deaith; 1892, 40 cases, 4 deaths. Diphtheria cus:s reported for weeks ended 30th Deceinber of :1890-1891-For: the whole colony, 1890,-28 cases, 6 deaths; 1891, 21 cases, 2 deaths.; for uetrOpolitani area,. 1890, 7.c cases :3 deaths; ! 1891 5 cases,' 2 deaths.' Scrlet. fever eases re ported for weeks ended Jani-asy of:1891 atid 1892-1891'10 cases, no death; 1892, 10 casies, 1 deatlL A ease was decided ii the Sheppartoud Police. Court;yesterda;', which should prove a warning gainst the careless use of fires 'The particulars are as follow : Oin Sunday;'tlid 27th iuH., 'a man named' Edwaird 'Kupkelit a fire on the manure depiot't biurn the body of a horse: On lthe Monday m:iorning he ;left a log iisoulderiiig, whilst he irent to Sheppar ton for bread. The log- fired the grass, and despite the exertions of Mr. Groham and others who saw the danger almost at the first, the fire swept some 5000 acres of land between Shlepparton and Pine Lodge, and destroyed miles of fencing, dmuingdamage estimatedat some thousands. The evidence as to the fire lit by Kupke being the cause of tlhe bush fire was complete, as three men working near the depot saw the flames spreading, and endeavored to bea~k.them hack.. For Kupke it was urged:that, lhaving destroyed the grass about his fire, save at a single point where a big ldg rai out'from the smaller ones, he had shown a desire to take reasonable precaution. Mr. Small man said the Bench were detenriined to do all in their power to prevent the care less use of fire, by which so many hard working people were 'robbed of the savings of a lifetime, and with that end in view inflicted the maximum penalty, a fine of £100 or six months' imprisonment. The international cricket match was concluded to-day (Wednesday), and re suited in a win for the Australians by54 runs. The display of cricket throughout the match is generally admitted to have been very good, with the exception of the Englishmen's second innings, which someine good judges consider was "a trifle off." There appears to have been some pretty heavy wagering on the matchl, one person being credited with a win of £1800. A regrettable incident occurred in connec- I tion with a catch maude by Bruee in the long field, and the Herald, commenting on the matter, says :-"It is deeply to be regretted that the memorable inter national cricket natili caihcluded toi-day hlps been ma~ned b? ren one grgrettablp iloident. It is thowever -an fortunate ' fact thast a rathder strong feelin has been I evokedd by a nhisuidersta?? iot thi use a stronier tertn-- betdede r. W G.' Grace ad lMr: Bruce, of the autralian teiti :aIt. ill ie reinemibere ?hat Bruce U execitd' a brilliant'catch in tbohng fields c which disposed of Bea; -fterwards, a Dr. Grace: ;.addressed Bruce r regardingthe catch,; wlicli was-very] low downi, and after someel, c'ersationi tlihe:English captsin `ex'presad a doubt a whether it was r catch at'i, and Mir. Bruce replied by giving himiis word of a honor .that it was an', undoibted catch. t Dr?? Grace, acacooding: to (tr. Bruce, b replied in language. that cld nut he imisconsttued, a.nd tthe' latF abisuptlj t terniinated the coilveraailwoi on' hearing the tone adopted by the Englih champion. This is the version given byMr. Bruce, g whose-word there is no renimn to doubt. 1 Airepresenlative of the Herad addressed a DL Grace to-day, with a vie to learning what he hado to say on the subject, but the Doctor thought' fit to re, somewhat offensively, that lie had notu g to say to the Australian papers;, ?Hisexplanation, if hlie have any; is ther are, for the present, at least,:a.:secret ith hiiiself. In the meantime, Mr. 2iru?s friends a-re very indignant, and,tif po6sslo will take, t was discovereil br w li agrunt it a. 'lorence, thlita diamond would urn,; Cosnio IIL ad otnlo fixed-,in tJefoeocus of a burning;glasi band, aftersomoeexposure to the rays; of theo. sun, it cracked, corruscatedaiid =finally. disappeared like'a ghost, leaving.no traces behind.;, Experi mtents of this kind are costly. They are long in yieldinig any scientific results. . It was, only a soivereign Princi wih, could affdrd to seer his jewels .vanish like the giftsa.sofa fairy godmother. 'Another. potentiate, the Emperor:Francis I.,-tried a number of valuable diamonds ini"the heatiof a smelling furnace, and may have felt solse gratification inl tinding that they had disappeared. This was in 17i0, anid about twenty years later a .nagnificent diamond was burined- in France.., A jeweller by the name of Lq Blanc denied the possibility of burning (liianonds and suspected unfair play ni .the part of Macquer, the'chemist who conducted the operation. He had often, he .sserted, exposed dianionds to great heat, with the sole result of increasing their brilliancy. lMr. Streeter has done tlhe same with success. Butte Blanc only knew half of -lwhitMr.:Streeter knhows, and when the chemiist demanded that he.should enclose esome diamonds in coal in' a crucible, he rashly assented, and in three hours they had all disappeared.. Then another jeweller, Millard by naime,who a senes to have had a suspicion of illd truth, put three diamonds into ani learthen bowl pipe, .packed in chaircoal, arid exposed them without,-injury 'to_ intense heat. LIvoiser, who was present, pitn?d in 1776 that by shutting out the air, tlihe d"iiand was preserved in a futrnace, but that the admission- of. oxygen, with which the carbon combines, allows lthe dianmond to burn like a piece of coal, Tlh? Russiain famine is sometling of a riysterjy. Foreign newspapers 'are:iot allowed to send correspliiietiits'into the stricken districts, and th'ntiatve Russian press is not pernnitted ti des?i'ibe what is passing. Hence we ?re coispllCd to rely' mainly on' such private.lest rs as come from. foreignma's ,loc?tcd :i the;affilicted provinces.' Tlese ar ire f rit i reassuming. The necessities ,f the pesa?.ry'are uaik ing'enormous inroads upon thie. itional. S-= , . . 6.- ki, is said t'ba in such desiar thiat hI ?a a'k?,k±d5" be relieved of lhis i?SiSt fonie ilii ter. Further,; it is. repu` it that the Czar has ordered 50 utllitins f roubles to be taken from the revenudesinf iisliilerial properties,: t6 be pliid't tliihe disposal of the Central Comnmittee of Relief. The prohibition of.tire expilrt tif .ieat, which has had the effect of thrivoi is" tt of work some 20,000 people at Odessa' alone, has been followed by a generil disposition on the part of merchants to 'hold the grain for'a rise. 'This has given vi?st offence in. St. Peteisberg-and other c'eities, and` the press goes-the length of c.alline upon the Government either to foire'`aales at a .fixed 'price, or to confiscite the grain against vouchers to, be pain ii some future year, as' was 'eoe" :during-, the ,Crimean: War., The st.iee;h'"s is made that iwhilst the price of corn is declining where the local authorities haie. accumu-, lated provisions, "freslh ditricts Fare almost daily included :in the tblacklist of. the famine -stricken." : Aii '-idemic of small-pox in the south is the latet scourge put updn the afflicted peasants: Dr. White, a lady who retently acted as loculo teneiis for Dr. Hodgii hai beeri appointed house surgeon at tlW Woein's Hospital... : Three Risian -policemeni recently arrested the Grand Duke Sre es,brother o 'f the Czar and Governor'of hlsow, as; he' was visiting the bakeris 'lops i disguise. When they'fdound uth~iir mistake they committed pscaid A ~el bourne policeman, says aiconh pirary, .would have entered this o' ihis e d as a" smart and intelligenit aptur The Pakenham Racing. Clus alnnal meeting is announced to' be: heo odffth' 13thl iist. The prograniimme cdsaisms*t Selling Hurdle Raceof 10 'soyaf' Wimht Handicap of Tirsovi: 1i.2 " PGn Selling Race of 10 sovs,, Pakenhaii' sdmiiap oft 15 sIrs., 13.2 Pony BHandidipipf' 8 stirs.; Selling Flat Race of 10 asivs and Hti'rsdi cap Flutter of 8 sove. 'i . 