MENTAL TELEGRAPHY. A lecture on " Mental telegraphy" was given at the Y.M.C.A. on Friday evening by the Rev. E. H. Sugden, B.A., B.Sc., of Queen's College, University of Melbourne. There was a very large attendance, and the chair was occupied by Mr. V. Chappie, 8.A., B.So. (vice-president of the association). This was tbe first of a series of popular winder lectures. The lecturer began by affirming that the method of communication among human be ings by means of articulate speech had been brought to euch perfection that it is now almost the only means of communication which we possess. But this was not the only means of conveying mental impressions, as was in st&nced; among many animals and birds. The primitive power of direct communication be tween mind and mind still remained in man, although it had been largely superseded, and had been weakened by long disuse. The term "thought-reading" should not be applied to what is really " muscle-reading," an art which had been practised by Mr. Stuart Cumberland and other public entertainers. Provided there was actual communication between the so called thought-reader and the person whose thought was to be read the thine was very easily done. This was very satisfactorily proved by Mr. Sngden, who accomplished two thought-reading feats in a very short space of time. By hold ing the chairman's hand, Mr. Sugden, blind folded, led the way to a gentleman on the upper seats of the platform, whom he relieved of a eflver-headed cane and carried it to Mr. C. H. Goode. The feat to be performed had previously been written down on paper by the chairman and handed to the Chief Justice, who verified its correct performance amid the cheers of the audience. A hidden pin was cleverly found, in the same way. The lecturer told the audience most of them would find, if they tried the experiment at home, that they were able to do the same thing. The only eecret, he said, was to gently hold the muscles of the patient's hand, and "follow the line of least resistance." The lecturer then dealt with the interesting question as to whether there does not exist) a teal transference of thought from mind to mind without any intervening physical medium. He believed the experiments of the past few years —prominently those of the Society for Psychical Research —had proved this beyond doubt. The eae was lowered and diagrams were displayed by limelight, showing the experiments made by the society with two men named Blackburn and Smith, who possessed peculiar powers of communicating their thoughts without any muscular contact. The modus operandi was for the society to draw a picture (generally a geometrical figure, which was handed to Blackburn, who stood behind the blindfolded Smith, and " thought hard" of the diagram in hie hand. Smith waa successful in reproduc ing this more or less exactly. The originals and copies were shown on the sheet and created much interest and amusement. One experiment* the lecturer, said, was tried under the most rigorous test conditions to prevent any communication between the two. Smith's eyelids were plastered dosrn, he was blindfolded and wadding in serted under the handkerchief, his eats were completely stopped with putty, and ?blanket and eiderdown were put over his head and body. Blackburn stood in his Btock ings on a cushion co as to prevent the possibi lity of communication byfoot tapping. Under these test conditions a rough figure of a bird and snake was handed to Blackburn, and Smith managed to draw an animal which looked like a magnified flea with two legs, bub which nevertheless was evidently modelled after the picture of which Blackburn was < thinking. Several other plates showing similar experiments were thrown on the sheet. The idea of a letter, such as a capital B, ap peared to be comparatively easy of convey ance from mind to mind, although sometimes the figure of each loop would be conveyed separately. Coming to the question as to whether there is any explanation of these phenomena, Mr. Bogden quoted effects in acoustics and magnetism &s; analogies to real thought transference. In most cases where the spirit of a departed person in supposed to be present and to answer qaestdona the re6ult> is due to trao?f ereno?. He did not question the bulk of the facts brought forward by spiritualists, but he questioned their explanation. His explana tion was that the medium unconsciously re ceives the correct answer to a question regarding the dead from the living mind of the ques tioner and not from the spirit of any defanofc person. Tbe second application he would make of the principle was to ghost stories. Ghost stories of a certain class were much more numerous than people imagine. The dying mother naturally tliinfai of the child she is leaving behind, especially if it is away from home, and the strong thought of the mother projected at that supreme moment is sufficient to bring before the mind of the child what he takes to be the very form of his mother. Several remarkable instanoee of thought transference which had come under the lecturer's notice were given. Again there was the effect which he would cau unconscious moral influence. There are men whose mere presence is a means of grace, and others whose presence is itself felt as a contagion and an evfl influence. Tbe infiuenoe of each one of ns does not depend on what we seem to be, but what we are. A man may be a hypocrite and seem good, but if his heart is evil it wiU evilly affect all those into whose society he is thrown. "If yon wish," said the lecturer in conclusion, "to exert a good influence you must be good, for the heart that is bad can exert a bad influence without a word being uttered. For the sake of your children I beg you to be pare and good right down in your heart. For it is not only what yon say or even what yon do that influences your children, j You are exercising a mighty magnetic in fluence apart from all this, and unless you are pure you wfll damage and hurt your children's souls, in spite of every thing that yon may wish to do to the contrary." The lecture was listened to with much interest, and the speaker was frequently ap plauded. At the conclusion a vote of thanks was enthusiastically accorded on the motion of the Chief Justice. 