His Angel.* CHAPTER V.—THE SPECTRE OF THE PAST. BY HENRY HERMAN. Author of "Eagle Joe," "Scarlet Fortune," "For Old Virginia," and joint author of "He Fell Among Thieves," &c.;, &c.; They had been sitting there for fully a quarter of an hour, puffing silently at their cigars, the old man staring in front of him blankly, coldly, vacantly, the younger man moving uneasily on his chair, ousting wistful glances at his companion, and drumming a silent raaioh with hia finger-tips on the table. "Tell me all about yewrself," said the pioneer on a sudden. "Let's have a (air, square look at yewr devil, and sco it he's as black as yew've painted him. Tell U3 all about how yew've growed np, an' whar yew'vo growed up, an' how yew've bin gettin' yewr livin', an' how yew'vo come to be what yow are. I guess then I'll know what I've got to do." The young man hesitated for a few moments undecidedly. "It is perhaps better that you should know all," he said at last with a heavy- drawn sigh. " I have told you the worst. The rest of my history has no surprises—of the disagreeable kind at any rate. . " I can remember myself first of all," ho continued, "a grimy, smadge-faoed, half ragged urchin, running about Front-street, St. Louis; diving and dodging about the steam boats on the levee, and picking up pieces of wood*, bits of iron, and all such rubbish as are generally found in similar neighbourhoods, and carrying them to my mother, who lived in a tumbledown shanty not far from the railway station. The stewards and the cooks of the steamers used to be very kind to me, and many a piece of pumpkin pie, of meat, and of corn cake I got from thgm. I roraerabev well how, even at that time, the boys of my own age used to shun me and taunt me with my father being a thief or with my father being in prison. At that time I saw very little of him. Even when he was not in gaol he was seldom at home, and when he was at home our little shanty was a hell upon earth. He used to beat my mother unmercifully nnd went so far as to bring other women into the house. As I grew to years of better comprehension, young as I was, I came to be heartily ashamed of him. A Baptist missionary had been talking to me on tho levee and I had been going to the evening school, and thero I had learned that it was wrong to steal; and I know that it was wrong to steal when, one night, my father took me with him and another man on an expedition to break into a house. I could olirab like a cat then, and they wanted me to get over a high wall and open a door for them. " I had p;ot heartily tired of being jeered at and gibed at for being the son of a thief, and quite a horror againßt dishonesty had arisen in my young mind under the teachings of the good Baptist missionary. So I climbed that wall, but when I got on the top I shouted with all my might, and the people of the house were awakened and came out, and ray father had to run away vowing vengeance against me. " After that I dared not go ho^je, but Mr. Casey, the kind Baptist missionary, sheltered me for a few days and niglit9, and at last he got me a place as scullery boy on the steam boat Wisconsin, running between St. Loui9 and Dubuque. All went very well with me for a while. From the post of scullery boy I rose to that of pantry boy, and then to that of oabin boy. The purser took a fancy to me and lont me books to read, and when winter came he got me a place on the Yazoo City steamer, running between Vicksburgh and Yazoo city, and I passed another season there. "My good fortune would have it that on that boat I mot the Hon. Levi Walker, member of Congress for Missouri and editor of the Kansas city Slur. Me offered to make a journalist of me, and I was glad to consent. In his office I rose from ono position to the other, and all would hare been well if ono onluokj day I had not in the street ran acrosa mj father. He was unfortunately too well known in the place. He had been tarred and feathered there, he had been flogged there, he had been in the ohain-gang, he had been within an ace of being hanged there. He immediately claimed from me the rights which his ties of affinity gave him, and I had to confess the horrible troth to Mr. Walker. I triod to buy my wretched father's departure, but the more money I gave him the firmer became his reso lution to hang on to me. The people in Kansas city were very good to me*. They had had time to learn to know me and they pitied me. " Mr. Walker gave me an introduction to several Cincinnati editors, and I left Kansas city and with it my dreadful father. I found immediate and remunerative work in Cin cinnati and I stayed thero several years. From Cincinnati I went to Chicago, and on my journey from Chicago to New York you met me. Now you know all about me. I do not think I have forgotten anything of importance." "An' ain't yew seen yowr father since then; ain't you heard from him ?" asked Kershaw. " I know of his existence only through the newspapers," replied Underwood. "They periodically record his convictions. My mother died shortly after my leaving Cincinnati under his brutal treatment, that I know also." " Waal," exclaimed Kershaw, "if yew ain't heerd from him nor yet seed him, maybe as yow'll never hear nor see no more of him." " That 18 not to be hoped for," sighed the young man. " I live in daily dread of running across him in the street, of his calling at my rooms, of his coming here. If the slightest chance is given him of blackmailing me or you he will fasten on us like a leech, and it would be easier to get rid of a vampire than of him." "I've had to deal with that kind o' man afore to-day," said the frontiersman quietly, "an' they nary once got the best o* me yet." " Ah," replied the young man bitterly, " it is easy for you to say that. Not one of the scoundrels whom you came across was your own father. One cannot mete out justioe to the man to whom ono owes one's life and not be soiled by his guilt. The taint clings, one's clothing reeks with it, it poisons the food, it embitters the drink, it calls up hideous grinning ghosts to hannt your sleep. It turns your honest handiwork into rebuke, it makes good mon's praise a stolen deceit, and all your life one long reproaoli. O God! "he cried, in a sudden agony, "how can I be rid of it? Shall I over bo rid of it? I have .nover folt it as I do at this moment." The old man oast a Bcrutinising glance upon him, a long glance full of pity. " Poor boy! " he muttered. " The sins of the fathers.- Poor boy I'\ Underwood jumped up on a 6ud<len. " You must let me go, Mr. Kershaw," he cried. " You really must not try to detain me. Don't think me a coward. I do not go to Europe to run away from him. I go to osoape from myself. I love your daughter and I have no right to love her. God knows I have struggled and fought atid contended against myself. I have tried to be marble, and sec the result. lam bat human after all. Pity me by having no pity on me. There is no harm done yet. Let me go before it is too late." In his heated excitement he walked np and down the room like some frightened caged creature, trembling in every limb. He grasped the decanter that wa3 standing on the table, and pouring out two glasses of water swal lowed them greedily one after the other as if thereby he were able to cool the fever of his emotion. " Sit down thar," said the millionaire softly, pointing to an armchair, " and let me bide this over. When they've bin cryin' sign yew've got to stand to yewr rifles an* be ready. But that ain't no reason for runnin' away and leavin' all yewr peltry behind. Yew've got that thar father o' yewm and yew oayn't get rid of him nohow, 'cos it ain't 'lowed to smother him. Yew've got to takekear that he don't harm you nor those that like yew, that's all. It's all well an' fine an 1 oasy for yew to run away an' go to Yewrup; but what am I to do with my Angel, who'll cry her eyes out when yew're gone, an' who'll pine an' wither, an' die perhaps, for she ain't over strong,—an' she's an obstinate critter when she's set her heart on a thing. No, my boy, yew've got to be a man, an' yew've got to bear yewr load like a man an' not sit down nuder tt, an' yew'vo got to do it for the sake of tho gell that loves yew; an' shea worth it, I can assure yew." "But" "Thar ain't no but," interrupted the old pioneer. "On the straight road, the honest road, the broad road that lies afore yew, thar ain't no by-way 9 an' thar ain't no turnin's. Thar may bo rocks an' boulders an' big stones all alonp, but yew've got to sit on your hoss an' jest to ride over 'em. It ain't no use a-sneak in' away a 9 if yew wos the guilty one. Hold yewr head up straight, young man, 'cos yew've got the right to hold it up in spite of yewr father, an' if so be as anybody challenges yew, yew aay, 'Go an' ask Dan'l Kershaw for my character,' an' I guess Dan'l Kerehaw's purty well known from the I'latte to the Canadian an' from the Bookies to the Atlantic; an' if they come to me an' say anything agin yew they'll soon find out the truth." "I don't merit this, Mr. Kershaw," said Underwood in a voice broken by his emotion. " I wish I could feel myself more personally deserving of it. Believe me your daughter's love, your own friendship, are priceless in my oyes. It is just beoause I value them so rarely that I tremblo to stay." "Come now," exclaimed Daniel Kershaw, " that's better. I guess that's a heap better. Yew let me think this business over. Uut the thing yew've got to do is to go an' tell yewr people that yew ain't going to Yewrup, an' yew can start with me as my secretary as soon as yew like. An' mind yew, not a sylab of this to my Angel, not a word on yewr honour until I see what's got to be done." Miss Angelica was sitting in the dining-room waiting for the result of her father's interview with Tlubevt Underwood. A trifle more anxious pcthaps than on the previous day ami a shade * The riffht of publication of " His Angel" hoa beon piueliusrd by the Umbuue Newspaper Company, Li mi ted, paler, the tiny fingers twitched a little more nervously and wrung the gauzy cambric hand kerchief in rapidly tremulous agitation. Once or twice her rocking-chair came very near overbalancing itself, so erratic wore the young lady's impulsive movements, and bo forgetful vas she of licr own safety amidst her heart's tumultuous doubting promptings. She jumped up with a glad cry when she heard the door open upstairs aud Daniel Kershaw's heavy footsteps on tho landing. "Where is Mr. Underwood?" she inquired eagerly when she saw that the oW man was alone: "Ha is gflno out by the frout door, my Angel," answered the pioneer, pattinj? her head, " an' ho wants yaw to excuse him." "Excuse him?" she repeated in a dismayed wonderment. "Excuse him? Tell me,daddie dear," she burst out convulsively, " is he going away?" "Thar now, dry yewr eyes," he replied soothingly, "he ain't agoin' away, not a little bit ho ain't. This won't do at all, yew know. 1 cayn't havo my Angel a-cryinl an' a-losin' her roses. Mr. Underwood not only aiu't agoin' away but he's goin' to be my secretary, an yew'll be able to sco him every day." How those big lustrous eyes brightenod and those downy clieelca dimpled! She Btood on tiptoe and threw her arms around his neok and kissed him for tho happy news he had brought her, and a few minutes afterwards she had forgotten nil about her little troubles and the sorrow they had brewed for her, and the dreadful anticipations that had affrighted her over the imaginary woes and joys of the heroine of the latest novel. ■ Daniel Kershaw was sitting at the big bow window of tho dining-room looking out into the street. He was not an imaginative man, and had been accustomed to deal with hard matter of fact in a hard matter-of-fact way all his life. Ready resource, prompt decision, and swift ac tion had been and were bis chief characteristics, yet the present emergency brought a strange indecision in its way. For the first time in his life the sturdy pioneer was puzzled, and he was angry with himself for being puzzled. A conflict of thoughts and memories surged in his mind and threatened to interfere with bis habitual determination. He looked upon the street and tho little crowds of passers-by listlessly, unintcrestedly, when on the opposite sido of the road he espied a man, who rather clank than walked along, casting furtive glances about him from time to time. He was an old man, a tall man, bent, with broad stooping shoulders. His gait was shifty and his manner shrinking. Whilst looking in this direction or in that, as if seeking somebody or something, he turned his eyes towards the window where Daniel Kersbaw sat, and thereby gave the latter an opportunity of seeing his face. It was not a pleasant face—thin, haggard, and gaunt, and of a ashen pale._ A great scar ran across one cheek, and gave it a nearly villainous look. The eyes, bright and piercing, bespoke a devilry not yet extinct. The mouth was hard, with square set jowl, and yet it was a face whioh might have been handsome ycarß and years ago, before manli ness was stamped out of it and ferocity and brutality had writ their mark there. His hair was sparse and white, and a small scrubby white beard fringed his checks. His clothing, though not absolutely in rags, was of the coarsest, and an unkempt, unshaven appearance added to the general repulsivcness. As Daniel Eershaw's eyes rested on the man's face an indistinct remembrance dashed upon him and gripped his mind. '■' I've seed thai man afore," he said to him self, and strove to obtaiu a better look. The man had slunk on, however, sad was turning his back. A little farther down the avenue he crossed the road, and was lost to sight. "Whar have I seed that man afore?" Daniel Kershaw kept asking himself all that morning. "I'm sure I've Beed that face afore." Whatever work he was engaged upon, whether he were writing or reading or resting or smoking, that pale unshaven face thrnst it self between him and his thoughts. It followed him when he went upstairs to his own room and it was with him as he sat down to lun cheon. So preoccupied was he and so moodily ab stracted that Angelica imagined him to be ailing, and was profuse in her questioning and in her pretty solicitude. After luncheon he sat himself down by the window again and the picture of that face flashed across his mind, but not as he had seen it that morning. The white hair was nearly dark, the face brown and robust, but even more scowling and more villainous than as he had last seen it. " I've got it," he cried. " I guess I've got it. I was sure I knowed it. It's Mike Turner— Cheescface Mike—Hellfire Joe's pardner!" [to bk continued.] 