HOW SHALL WE DECIDE THIS QUESTION - Now, ohich is the orsae-to have no appetite for your dinner, .r to have no darnerjor your appetite? There are lots of people on the one sideor the other of this question. When "good digestion waits on appetite, and health on lath," that is the ideal attitude of a person towards his meals. But most of us are not blessed in that way; we either have too much food without an appetite, or a vigor ous appetite without enough to satisfy it. Diferent folk will answer this question dif ferently, yet theecommon sense of it is that, within reasonable limits, it is better to have an appetite without a dinner, because, short of the starvation line. a hungry man is a healthy man ; whereas a man who ought to ear and doesn't feel like eating, stands in need of " alterations and repairs." To illustete. We recently received a communication in which the writer says. "I was afraid to eat." Did he fancy his food isoned or did his natnre rebel against e noirishin ethtlfred-on - -'tbhe later why! Let him clearthe mystery himself. He says, "In the yearlSS9 I changed my work ifrm railway porter to signanman. I had been signalman twelve months, and then all at once, so to speak. I did not feel mysel. Myr month tasted bad" so that ordinary articles of diet seemed to lose their flavor; the palate, to put it in that way, ppeared to have nothing to sayio them. One thing was like another and none was goad. ly toneue was coated and furred, with a dark line down the middle and yellow fur round it. My breath was offensive aid my appe tite poor, with pains through the chest and shoulders, which were always right before I had eaten anything. Then I was greatly troubled with wind. It- would gather so it felt like a ball inmy throat, and net as if it would choke me. We cannot wonder that under these cir cumstances our friend failed to do justice to his meals.' He adds thatthere was what he calls "a priteing sensation nat his heart, as though it were touched with some sharp instrument Then, again, attimes he was attacked with spasm, the agony of which was so severe that the sweat olled off him. " I dreaded," he ays, "the thought of eat ing, and 'many a scanty meal have I made, for I was afraidto'eat." "After time I got into a low, weak, ner Tons condition, and felt miserable, as if something was going to:happen, and this caused me to lose a good deal.of sleep. What he means by the fear of" something goingto happen," is, of course, the fear of some calamity, such as the loss of his posi tion, his own death, or the death of somebody dear to him. - This was due, as he intimates. to the impoverished state of his blood (the life bearer), hisunstrung nerves, and to the brain enfeebled by lackof nourishment. The night in this form of illness is always fall of ghosts'and goblins. the creatures of a rest leasand rngoverned imagination. \- With great idffculty," hesays " I stck to my.work; for 1 -had a wife and family depending on me. So I strggled on, bot wha I sefered for over two years is past my powers of description...'I am sure.no one has suffered so much Nos have done.'" I. thelatterstatementbhe is undoubtedly wrong. - One's own pain is one's own, and is always hardere o bear than s one's notion of his neighbor's pain There is a countless multitode who .aredll .the while. going throuch the same wrethed'erperience, only we don't happen to come in touch with_ them. l lell, the writer fnally mentions that after all medical treatment had left him where it found him, he chanced o read in a book of a case exaatly like his own having been cured by Mother Seigel's Syrup. "My wife," he soay, "got me a bottle at Mr. Lancstfs., in Waodlesford, and after using its contents the ailment left me and has never returned since that fortunate day. I should like the whole world to know what it did for me. I have been employed by the Midland Railway Company for eleven years. (Signed) "GEoOe Hetr, "Car Bottom road, "Apperley Bridge. near Leeds." We publish this by Mr. Huni's desire, in order that part of the world at least may know how thankful he is and for what reason. Get a Share and Hair Cut without wait inc, at 3L Evans' Saloon. Lonodale Street, Dandenong. Clean towels. etc 'RoccUa ow Conss."--Ad for Wells "Rough on Corns." Quick relief. ctmplete permanent cure. Corns, warts bunions. At ehemistsand druggists. S"RLouGH OS CATARRi " corrtrcs offensive odors at once. Complete cuae of worst I chronic cases; also unequalled is garglefon diphtheria, sore throat foul breith - 1 