THE SILENT SEA. Br Antahlo, Author of "An Australian GIriL Chapter XXX. " I wonder if this is something further about tho cave room," thought Victor, turning tho telegram over, as ho wont into his own room with it. By Saturday's mail a letter had reached hitn ' from his uncle, tolling htm that instruction had been sent to Trevoakis to havo tho la to manager's effects removed, and afford tho pursor full ecopo to investigate tho cavity on behalf of the company. The delay in answoring Victor's letter lisd been caused by Mr. Drum' mond's ahsenco in Tasmania. Within half all hour of tho receipt of this Trevaskis had come into tho office with an open letter in his band. " I suppose you have hnd instructions about this?" he caid, in a tono pitched at a dellberato calmness, yofc with a curious vibration under- lying it, of strong omotion. Viotor, in roply, read the portion of his uncle's letter whioh dealt with the matter. " I can't possibly bavn tho things removed for a day or two," said Trovaskis in accents which suddenly jumpod by a noto above the diapason of hla usual voice. There wos an odd ©mothered fierceness in his manner that mode | Victor suddenly look at him with inquiring wonder. It cccmed as if the man had aged by years in tho past few weeks. Perhaps, con sidering all the circumstances, the change was not surprising. For nine consecutive nights ho had worked in tho cavo room, his eyes gradually getting worse. At the snd of tlmt time ho waa uimbln to Rf.onn, or road, or walk- in tho sunshine, without torturing throbs of pain in his eyeballs. Tho dootor, whom he at last unwillingly consulted, strongly urged bird to go away from tho mine for & change. ""Why, man, you'll blind yourself," he said two days later, exasperated into brutal frankness by tho patient's obvious disregard of his instruc tions. At tho words, a sudden cold dread shot through tho manager's mind. For tbc next Oight days and nights ho rested almost abso lutely. Oiice in tho twonty-four hours he wont below, and took a turn all round tho mino. For tho rest of tho day he eat in his room with tho blinds down. Whon solitude and enforced idleness becamo unbearable, be would go into the cavo room and gloat over his bars of shin ing gold— each ono worth close on nine hundred pounds. Then ho would pace about in tho obsourity of tho place, pausing at the spots where the great bottles of amalgam that wero still untouched lay hidden. "Oh, if Dan would only come ! if Dan would only come !" ho would sometimes say at auoli times half aloud. Ho was not ono who indulged much in tho habit of addrcsKing remarks to himsolf audibly ; but the constant strain of nnxioty, of harassing uncertainty as to whether he conld after all scooro this treasure, culminated at times in fits of snoh Intense restlessness that to walk about speaking to himself in the nolitudo and oh- sourity of the cavo room afforded him a certain roliof. But Dan's coming was indefinitely delayed Ho wrote to say that ho had been stupid enough " to get upon the spree," and that when he was getting over ibis ho had a fover- ish attack. Ho was now in the hospital, ond tho doctors wouldn't toll him when ho could get out, but ho hoped ho would soon bo well enough to travel. This might menn the dciay of a few days or weeks. It might mean that Dan would nob oome till it waB too late ; for in a couple of weeks, at tho moBt, IUphaol Dunning would arrivo to take po«cs«ion of his brother's belong ings, nnd once that was done, the last vestige of cxcure for delaying tho scaroh.of tho cave room would be cone. Trovaskis did not fail to grasp tho weak points of his situation j but these, somehow, only inspired him with a sort of desperate, despairing resolution, to use every posaiblo and impossible means to seouro the gold. If tho worst camo to tlio worst, ho would secrete the bars at least in his own room Could thero bo anything among Dunning's many papers that could give a oluo to the treasure ? At the thought, Trevaskis instituted a ri gorous sonroh of all tho letturs, documents aud boxes which would be handed ovor to the lato manager's brother. In one of tho latter ho discovered two duplicate keyo of tho strong safe for the gold. Ho regarded them curiously tor some moment, wondering to which of his predecessors belonged tho credit of having them manufactured. Webster most likely, so as to cuuble him to steal some of the amalgam, when kopt for a night in tho cafe, before it waaretoitod. This discovery, curiously onougb, lessened tho accidental scruples which still visited Trevaskis from time to time, especially when hiB conscience was illuminated by tho foar of detection, He thought, with something akin to indignation, of innumerablo "dodges" by which the majority of mining managers con trived to rob the poople by whom they wero employed.- " I wouldn't, and I couldn't, so holp me, God ! steal an ouuee of gold or amalgam from tbo mino on my own aooount,"ho thought; "but to keep a treasure that you have disco vered — all ! that is quito another matter. No one else has a better right to tho gold thau tho one who finds it." After all, the fact that a man's forefathers have fastened a lantern to a oow's head on a dark night by tho seashore, so as to lead a casual trading smack to founder ou tho rocks, for tho sake of Us cargo, must impart oertaiu distinguishing nuances to his conscionoc. At any rate, after discovering those keys Trevaskis was more than ever upheld by tho consciousness that his morul rectitude would never allow hitn to stoop to tho bono pilfering which had been so largely practised by othor managers of tho Colrnar mine. Yet, sido by side with this, his determination grew stronger not to let any untoward circumstaoccs cheat hitn out of tho enjoyment of tho fortune he had discovered in the oave room. When hia eyes becamo strong enough to bear the sunlight, his first care was to ride across to the weatherboard hut erected on the quarts claim, which ho bad secured in thu broken dowu whim. It reassured him to prowl about this hut, aud reflect on thu treasure that might soon be hidden there. As ho waa riding back he finally determined that, as soon as ovor Dan came, the best thing wouldboto take him fully into his confidence aud secure his help in hiding the gold nnd amalgam iu the hut, away from tho miuo altogether. " I'll send a message to Dun on Monday or Tuesday, begging him ' to come on even if he' half dead. If lie became muoh worso ot tho little hut it would bo a fine opportunity for mo to resign suddenly. I'd just say that tho com pany had better send anothor manager as soon as possible. ' Aly only brother has been taken very ill all by himself ; I must givo him my wholo time. In any caso, I Intended to resign soon, as I find my hoalth will not stand tho climate here.'" Ho wrote theso linos and Bevoral moro, find ing & oertaiu relief in picturing this conoluaioa of his suspense. "It is now somo time," he reflected, " sinoe Fitz-Gibbon and I had that barney. He baa never said a word about the searoh since ; I dou't believe ho ever thinks of it. Ah, there's nothing liko a good bluff sometimes 1" Suoh were tbo half-complacont reflections that passed through Ticvaakis's mind on Thursday evening after ho returned from visit ing h.s quartz olaira. On Friday night he felt well enough to resumo operations in tho cavo room. But by 'Saturday morning's mail camo an official letter, written by tho mine secretary at tho dictation of the oh&irman; of directors, instructing the manager to permit the pureer to remove the lato Air. Dunning's effects from tho cave room, and institute a careful search of tho place. For a. short time after reading this letter Trevaskis sat perfectly motionless, storing hard before him. The meshes were closing round him ; lie was snared, and not only so bub ho had been porfeotly hoodwinked by this double faced young Irishman. "Tho thought galled him almost as muoh as the prospect of losing the gold. " But I won't lose it 1 1 won't 1 1 won't I" ha muttered to himsolf, clenching his hands aud teeth. He had need of all his decision and energy to quell tlio rising passion that threatened to over master him. Whon Viotor, struck by tho ourious intona tion of his voice, looked ot Trevaskis, ho saw that' his f&co; looked grey and lined His ojes wero uncovered. The spaco between them, as has beon said, wob nmuually narrow ; but now the pupils 11?$ lengthened in a curious way, so that they almost seemed to meet in a 1 mniitcr glittering line, liko tho eyes of a cat in tbe dark. Tho expression of his whole face gave Victor ft certain shock. Ho concluded that Trevaskis was furious at having bin objections set a3idc. Or was there, after all, some truth in Vansit- tart's conviction ? Tho las&surmiso; led Victor to answer with n certain reserve that, as soon as Dunntag's things were cleared out, he was ready to begin his search. On that Trevaskis strode away without snaking any reply. For tbo rest of the day bo purposely kept out of Victor's way. " If this telegram is to hasten operations," he thought, as he opened tho envelope, " the old fellow will certainly have a fit." But the first glance showed bim that tho mes sage touched him much more nearly than any event connected with tho Colmar mine. It was from Mis Paget, dated Saturday morning, from Albony, and ran — " Left Colombo sooner than anticipated. Not going to Perth. Caught in a tornado three days ago; vessel almost foundered. Stay hero till Tuesday to recoup. Expect to reach Adelaido on Friday next." When the doctor, after paying his morning visit to Challoner, interviewed his second patient at Stonehouse and dressed his arm, he dcolarcd tbe young man had developed febrile symptoms. "Why, both yonr chcek3 look as if thoy were scorched, and your pulse is going nineteen to the dozen. You'll havo to be careful, young man ; that's a nastier burn than you think for. You'd better lay up for a day or two," he said solemnly. But Victor, who was in his own confidence more than tho man of healing, did not propose to take this adrico seriously. He knew it was the prospect of his interview with Helen, which was now so near— tho thought of tho moment when he should bo free to put his fortune to the touoh and win or lose it all — that made his pukes bound and his temples throb. What would Doris say when ho first uttered tho words that had been tho refrain of his thoughts and the burden of his dreams ho long ? Not so very long, perhaps, counting by the more duration of time- But iu periods of vivid emotion, whon ' the hours he doles out aro counted by heart beats, and not by the oloolc, Time is found to be ftn old bankrupt who has not the wherewithal to pay his debts. "Doris, I love yon ! I lovo you !" He was dramatising tbe scone to himself, as la tho manner of young lovers, Bitting in tho wes tern verandah lata in tho afternoon, staring hard at an open book which he held right side up juntas if lie wero reading it page by page. Would the words startle her too much? Would tho moist, radiant oyes look at him in troubled wouder? He had sometimes feared that she would hardly understand — that the guarded seclusion of her life and tho dewy sim plicity of her youth would ronko his words of love a strange tale which as yet could find no response in her heart, and now ho began to reoall all that had fed his timid hopes, and the unreasoning happi ness that of late had taken possession of him, and then began to fear lest be had built too much on her candid friendliness, her unembar rassed pleasure at the prospect of hie travelling with them. And yet was nhere not a great thrill of gladness in her voice as she said, "You havo come !" Ho was in tbo very heart of tboso reflections when alio came out with the hushed footfalls that so soon become habitual when there is ill- tiess in a housohold. " I want you, please, to let down tho cur tains. I have made Mrs. Challonor lie down in my room, and I want to make it quiet and shady, bo that she may havo a good sleep whflo Euphe- mi a takes care ot her fathor," alio said, with the gravity befitting one who has to look after many people. Victor obeyed, and then drew forward a rock- eg oliair for her, saying — "Yon havo been going about working all day, I believe. Now don't you think it is time you rested ?" " I have nob dono nearly as much as I thought I should——" " Oh, you ambitious child ! Didn't you give Shung directions three hundred and twenty times, and beat up egg9, and put fresh water in all the flower voscb, and eoold Bridget ?" ' But you and Fhemy helped me with the flowers. As for scolding Bridget, I only just remonstrated with her for carrying such dread ful tales as—" She suddenly stopped short, and Victor, who bad merely invented the accusation at random, Baid gravely— " I suppose you gave it to her well till she cried, and promised she would do so no more?" But Doris had assumed a little air of reserve, which piqued Victor into saying — " Was tbe tale too dreadful for me to hoar?" " It was last night," you see," answered Doris after a littlo pause. " Last night when you were alone ?" " Yea." " She oame and frightened you with some ghost story !" " Oh, it was much worso than any ghost story ?" " May I try and guess what it was ?" She gave a shy little nod by way of answer, and then said, with a half mysterious emile : " But I don't believe you can guess in the leaBt." " Well, I think it will bo only fair for you to help me, as wo used to do when wo played at hiding things indoors on a rainy day." " How was that ? I don't know ony gregari ous games atalL" The whimsically old and sedate words that Doris sometimes used amused Victor intense ly, but he kept his countenance as he ex plained. , " The other youngsters go out, and you hide a penknife, or a big glass marble, or any thing, in some secret place ; then, when ho irioB to find the article, if he goes near it you say ' Hot,' if he goos away from it, you say c cold.' " "Oh, very well." " Bridget came and told you that she put alt- bush in the custard?" " Cold." " That she broke a S&vres; bowl and buried tho remains without an inquest?" "Cold." " That she wrote a spoiling book, and dedi cated it to the universe ?', Doris laughed outright. " You are in the polar regions," she said, gently swaying the rocking chair backward and forward, in comfortable security, that Brid get's biti$et and her owu foolish credulity were too rauoh beyond the ken of a third person's unassisted speculations. Victor looked profoundly dejected for a moment, but so far ho had not an inkling that an incredibly happy revelation awaited him " She went to the township, and said she met a dragon ?" " Hot and cold." " Ah ! I won't como away from the town- hip. It was last night when the fire broke out ?" " Hot," said Doris, in a tone of losing con fidence. " She oame and told you some dreadful tale about the fire ?" Doris, who had eo little practised the art of eoncealment that even the evasion of a ques tion half offended her instinct of absolute sin cerity, began to seothat no alternative remained hut to confess tho whole story. " I will tell you how it was," sho said alowly. " When Shung told us about tho firo last night, he said some people had been hurt —he did not know- who. Euphemia said she hoped you were not, and that made mo feel so dreadfully afraid " 41 That I was hurt ?" said Tioior, a quick flush rising on his face as he leant over towards DoriB, drinking in cvory word she said. " Yes. I went round to send Shung down to see if yon were safe, bat he had just put out his light. Then Bridget came, and | yon mustn't think I was very foolish for qnifce believing it— even now it eeoma terrible to Bay it " She gave a long, low sigh. " Was it about me ?" asked Victor, in a breathless sort of voice. " Yes ; she said you were burnt to death." He could not for a moment utter a word in reply. Doris, glancing tji at htm, thought he looked strangely gladj/ Vvd some undefined 'feeling made her heart begin to beat more rapidly. "And wan that what mado you feel so ill, Doris ?" asked tho young man, in a low, shaken voice. "Yes. I quite believed it till I hoard you speaking, and — oh, I felt ns if I would die I" "Oh, Doris, my darling ! you do care for me, then ? I lovo you — I love you with all my heart nml soul ! but I havo been afraid—" She uhrank back a littlo as bo bent elosor to her, and tho look in licr face was partly what he had conjured up half an hour before. Only with tho wonder and timidity there was somothing of dawning comprehension, even of gladness ; but she did not apeak, and after a littlo tlrao he spoke again. " You ore not angry with me, are you, Doris ?" "No — oh no !" she Answered softly. 11 And do you think you love me a little?" There was a long pause, and then, whether she knew all that it conveyed or not, she answered in a perfectly audible voice— "Yes, I am suro of it." "And do you know how muoh I lovo you?" he asked after a little, trying hard to keep down tho rising torrent of his joy. A vivid color had risen in her oheeks, but Victor was qnito pale, and his hand, as he placed it on the arm of tho chair on which sho sat, shook a little. Scoiug him so pallid and agitated, a troubled look came into her faco. "Yonarnot unhappy, aro you?" sho asked very gently. "No ; thero is only one thing that could mako me unhappy just now, Doris." "What is that?" "The thought that you could not love me as long as we both live." " Yes, and whon we both die," she answered very gravely. And then lie was more than content. Only one moro petition would he make just then. "Doris, let me hold your hand a little mo ment." A smilo ported her lips as she gave him her hand. It trembled like a little reed warbler whose wings are suddenly pinioned, as his lithe brown fingers closed over hers. Very gently, fearing to frighten her, yet unable to realafc the impulse, he bent hia head and imprinted one tremulous kiss on tho palm of tho imprisoned hand ; ..and thon ho released it, hardly daring to glanco at her, for fear he might see a look of troublo or displeasure in her face. But it was happy and serene, and he took heart of grace. ." One day this littlo hand will bo given to me, Doris, and I shall place a plain gold ring on tho third finger." "Do you mc&n; that we will be married?" she said hesitatingly. "Yes, that is just what I do mean," answered Victor, with a low, glad laugh. "But mustn't we bo a good deal older and wiser first?"' "Oh, no! "We're wise enongh at this moment, Doris, nnd we'll bo quite old enough in another ycr-r— perhaps in six months — as soon as I can see your guardian in London." " Why will you have to see him ?" 41 Ob, to assure him that I have somo money and ooine of decent pooplo — that I am the very ono to m&kc; you happy as long as you live." " He'll know that as soon as he boos you," said Doris, with a slow, thoughtful utterance. " Oh, you darling !" murmurod tho young lover passionately. And then he rose and paced up and down tho verandah. The temptation to kneol down and enfold hor in hia arms rose too distrnot- ingly. " Oorae into the avenue for ft little walk, Doris," be said, after a momont or two. They walked side by aide, for tho most port in silence. When Victor spoke, lb was of indif ferent subjeote, for ho saw that gradually Doris had become a littlo more agitated. When she turned to re-enter tho house, he said— "Doris, before we part tell mo once more- do you love me?" She looked up at him, hor Hps slightly parted, her eyes fall of a soft, deop light, some luminous touch of emotion in every line of her faco— all her young, pure beauty mado more beautiful by the great enchanter. "I am quito sure of it, "she said slowly. A kind of hushed awe had fallen upon her. What w&b; this new divine Influence that wrapped her round, making tho thought of sorrow faint and far away, enclosing hor as if in anew world? She had no word or phrase for it all. She could only feel it thrilling every fibre of her being— feel it keenly, physically, ; as one feels the touoh of a hand, or hears the melody of a bird's song, or inhales the pene trating breath of the oarly violets ; bat more mysterious than any of these ecstasies of feeling, seeing that this new facnlty of her natnro em braced them ail, and yet was centred in another. The consciousness of boing so haj)py apart from all tho influences of her past lite, apart even from thoughts of her mother, struck her with a kind of amazement. She was glad to be in the silence and solitude of her own room thnt night to ponder over the strange wonder and beauty of it all. To be Continued,) 