LEITtlHS TO THE EDITOP. SIR JAMES LEE STEERE AND HIS CRITICS. Sib,— In your issue of the 3rd instant appears a letter over '? Bleckwood Elector. ItB neither manly nor fair to make a personal attack under cover of a nomde plnme No c rresponaem our'1- '\ ~ ashamed to give his name, « bis motives are wnat they ought to be. The burden of your correspondent's eoag is. that the mem ber for the Nelson did not 'try' to^ioot the Treasury for the special benefit o* n»s electorate. Looting the Treasury lias In come an integral part of currunr ?politic*. and is now the chii-f function of Hast em legislator?. It is a profession to which yj-ry many owe their scats as well as tin ir living ; and those curious to seo tbe results of tli.-ir patriotic services have only to visit the Melbourne Exhibition, turned into a min ster soup kitchen. Consuming our limited population and means, ai d the fi.ct that as a colony we are by no means doing :i paying trad*,— our imports are always so far m ex cess of our fxpoits— I incline to tie '-pm- ion that too much loan monoy has b«^n aiicady fritted away upon logos ventures in notoriously favored districts, which is a flagrant wron* t^and robbery of others more needing and deserving-. In ftouimoH with your correspondent (whom I take to be gander of the ' Blackwood geese') J should h .ve been very much surprised indeed « a far-seeing and experienced politician like Sir James Lec-Steere approved of Sir John s latest land craze. 'ihis colony has had qaite enough and to spare of such bubbles, tiiat eelbpse at the first test 'ouch, and want no fli«*e.- I have uot seen any details of the latest, and care not what they are j it suffices me that the principle is radiciUy bad, and, if ever attempted to be curried out. cannot fail to inflict a great injustice upon the existing agricultural mi^»c=-.=, ?— - asmnch as it will, in common with other in dustries, be called upon to support one assisted by the State, and bard to compete with. It is a correct maxim that no one class ought to benefit at the expense of an o'her, unless the* public good demands it. Here there can be no countervailing benefit to tbe public, because in practice tbe scheme can never possibly be trade self-supporting. Suppose Sir Johfi imported one ship-lead as a trial, where is he going to plant them out ? Of first-class land there never was much in this colony, and what was is not the ten millions gasping for the plough not withstanding. Second c'.ass is being absorb ed by selection, and will soon be gone. Third may be represented by numerous sour and barren sand plains, soil ana sub soil alike worthless, and tbe residue rockj and gravel ridges, garnished with the pret ty heart-leaf. Should he attempt to plant the Bew arrivals side by side with present settlers on second class then a hue and cry will be got up, and ' no rent ' made the order of the day all round. Third and fourth may be available, but how are they to be supported ? Over the greater part of their heritage a billy-goat would starve upon 20 acres. It is positively childish to talk of the wonders labor will effect upon such land. What wonders have been achiev ed bya lavish and well- directed expenditure of money upon Mr. Powell's estate near Albany ? Four-fif rhs of the land in the Sniitfc.ir0.irf; has neither body nor consistency and no capital which employs labor, aided by all the blatant 'Mow' of itinerant demagogues, will ever give it one. Possibly, Sir John expects his raw recruits to be fed bythetavens, as the fropaet was of old, or will they simply go to the State store for supplies? This scheme will, moreover, require an experienced kind «f machinery. In practice it must have a stsff of hind showers, classifiers, surveyors, iiuprove ment valuers and bailiffs. Thirty thousand will hardly make a decent start, and then arises, like Hamlet's ghost, the vital ques tion — where is the cash to come from ? There may b* geese on the Blackweod, and possibly ilot a few even in the Assembly, but cone will be found in financial circles at home. On the arrival of a batch of emi grants their expense is over, and they at once become self-supporting i bat it is *-***£ the arrival of Sir John's 'awkward squad the drain btgine. They are, I understand, to have tbe land for nothing, and be after wards assisted to live upon it, at the ex pense of everybody else ! I have known many wild schemes professedly for the amelioration of the toiling masses, during the last three-tcore years and ten, from poor Fergus O'Connor's 'seven points in the charter ' down, but this one is the most extraordinary and bangs and overtops the let. Your correspondent complains that the Nelson member did not also ' try' for a railway 'to penetrate the Upper Black wood, a mere Bpur, wmcu win nor, iook at axle grease, and has be any conception of the approximate cost of connecting Boyanup with the G.S.R? The distance, from 120 to 150 miles, at say JB1.200 per mile, totals something like .£150,000, and whatever route it can take would not serve three dozen settlers ; and again starts op the ever-rtcurring question, who is to fork out the needful ? The day will come when such a line must be built, but that day has not arrived ; and if the settlers interested are wise, they will not insist upon the im possible, but request what is both possible and urgent, viz , the construction of good main roads, which population will follow, and thus pave the way and lay the founda tion, sure and certain, of the future railway. It is all very well foe your correspondent to b3 persuaded that ' Nothing hinders the Blackwood but the want of a railway.' His opinion, I am afraid, wont go far to persuade others, and if confident that 4 or 5,000 would be settled along ' the line within 5 years '' he snrely emDlovs the term as a noun, not as aa idverb. What great settlement, may I 18k, has taken place within the last five pears along the fringe of the G S., which is bhe pink of the land in tbe South-West ? Nor was it necessary to build railways in bhe Eastern Colonies to induce settlement* Fbis was an accomplished fact years before branch railways were ever thought of ; but their construction was proceeded by a net work of excellent roads, that paved the way and acted as their precursor. It was the 6oil that attracted population there. It is tbe soil that repels population here ! It is the opinion of eome that Sir James moves behind the times and ' hastens slow ly,' but commend me to caution, which means safety. There is too much heedless ' go 'and too little of the salutary brake in all the colonies,asd they are just beginning to find it out. It was thought at the time th*t he made a mistake — in fact selfish motives were attributed to him — in vigor ously opposing tbe rlordern proposals and railway concessions ; but the intel ligent and thoughtful public of the day think otherwise. A greater blunder, fraught with more lasting injury to this colony, was never made than the contract the Gov ernment fixed up with the Land Company. The latter have made a catspaw of the former throughout, now hold the trump card., and can afford to play a 'waiting game ' until their grand prop-rLy is furth er improved, while Government rasp on second fiddle for their amusement. Why selection upon the reinainine three- fourths of the belt, still owned by tbe Government, has been all but a failure, is that strangers got hold of the impression— and a correct one— that th-i Company held all the land within the entire belt worth having. The same may be said of the Land Corporation poison leases, covering over one million seres. This fine territory tbe patriotic Government of the day, simp'y handed over to the Company. If there ever wan a quid pro quo, the former never reached the cof fers of the State. The conditions are all bunWuJi. they commaud tbe country through which their leases run, and can barter and traffic with them ad libitum. Sir James consistently and intelligently op. posed tk:s mal- administration iu dealing with the public cs'a'e. No one can blame the G.S.R. Co for making a good bargain, and, be it record d to their honour, they have faithfully and well leleemed their obligations j but tbis does not exonerate the Government. For aught it cared, or took precautions to pre vent, that Company might hare turned out a counterpart of the ' Midland,' and thus, in addition to evils inherent is, and in separable from the vicious lani-graut sys tem might, like that huge millstone, have hung round the neck of the colony for half a century to come. For these and other pnblic services rendered to the colony. Sir James Ler-bteere, in his capacity as mem ber f -- tbe Nelson, has well earned tbe thanks of the present generation and grati tude of posterity. — Yours, etc , JAMES SCOTT. The Mullidup, Oct. 28, 1892. 