MARRIED "MISTAKE; OR : A WOMAN'S CRIME, CHAPTER XXXIV. -"(Continued.) Only he himself know what delight ful visions wore being conjured up by the simple little scene around him. The fair heads of the children flitting Into tho liresliine and back into the shade, as they trotted about, excited by the presence of visitors, and eager to display a fracture in dolly's head for Oppity to mend; tho pretty girl and her gentle ways with them ; the cosy homelike charm of the half-light; even the drowsy ticking of the nursery clock and the glimpse of two little white cribs visible through tho arched doorway that lod to the night nursery — there was nothing very romantic i'n all those; but from what material cannot a man in lovo create fuel for his flarao ? "Lucy has been telling us stories — I love Lucy," said Pamela, with her two fat arms around Miss Thrale's white throat. " Oppity, isn't she liko tho princess in my story book?" "Me love, Lucy!" echoed Dotsie; and another little pair of still fatter arms met round Lucy's neck, nearly smothering her. Nurse Roberts was putting the cups and saucers on the table. " You love Miss Thrale, indeed ! I find it very hard to believe that," declared George, coming to the rescue. "I thought you wore lying down with a headache, Miss Thrale," said Mrs. Throgmorton somewhat coldly. Lucy moved away at once, and got to the door like a sad little ghost in a blue gown. " I am going away now," she said simply, trying to smile. "I did not mean to stay so long." " We are all going," put in Doctor March eagerly ; and placid Mrs. Ack- royd held out her hand as the girl . passed her. " Come down with me," she said kindly." "Captain Sugden has been looking for you. He has some wonder- fill Iinl1 vr.hoi«mno fr»» waii " But Lucy shook hor head, not trust ing herself to speak, and went away. ; George March caught up Pamela in his arms and buried his face in ker amber fleece. " Oil, Oppity, Oppity J" the little thing cried, pulling his beard with ' both hands. " Ob, don't love me v quite so much 1 You take my breath away I" CHAPTER XXXV. Doctor March did not seo Miss Thrale again before he left Croome. In vain he watched the door that even ing as he drank his cup of tea ; in vain he dressed nipidly, and was the first to enter the drawing-room before dinner. The slender virginal figure he was looking for so eagerly did not appear, and at last Bee, coming down very late, brought word that Lucy's head ache was worse, and that she had gone to bed. George hoped then that she would at least come down in tho morning early enough to allow him to say good- bye to Her Uotore he started tor town ; but ho was again disappointed, for Miss Thrale, ho was told, had taken her breakfast an hour before, and was already out in the grounds with tho children and. Miss Throgmorton. So tho young man was obliged to drive away with only the remembrance of tho previous day to live on until ho should be able to steal another few hours at Croome from his duties at Barlaston. Lucy's littlo noto to ICing's-rond had been duly written and posted, she her self having slipped it into tho letter box in the billiard-room on the evening before, while they were all at dinner. But, when tho answer arrived, and it was- announced by Bee that Miss Thrale was going away five days earlier than had been intended, almost as soon indeed as she had arrived, such an indignant protest was raised, headod vigorously by Ted Ackroyd, that between tears and laughter Lucy was fain to take refuge with Mrs. Throgmorton and beg that lady to obtain her release. But Mary Throgmorton felt that it would injure rather than help Ada's cause if she were to excite a popular demonstration on Lucy's account, and, reflecting that Doctor March's week day visits to Croome must necessarily be of rare occurrence, sho told ' Lucy, kindly enough, that, as Mrs. Ackroyd was so kind, and as Aunt Lotitia was pretty well, it might bo better for her to remain for the week, as originally arranged. " Oh, may I ?" asked Lucy, de lighted. " It is so nice to bo here, but I could not enjoy it if you thought I was selfish in staying so long away from home." " A few days' delay will not mattor much to Ada," said Mrs. Throgmorton, with a significant smiie ; and Lucy ran away, singing for joy, to toll Bee that she was not to go home just yet. Bee was standing on tho steps in hor habit, feeding her horse witli sugar. Sho was surrounded as usual by a crowd of men, who were just starting for their day's sport, and the news was received with a cheer that made Lucy blush like a rose. Miss Thrale was very much admired by Mrs. Ackroyd's masculine guests, and particularly by Mr. Oliphant, tho handsome rector, whose nice deaf mother lind also taken a great fancy to the girl's beauty and simplicity. In deed Lucy was a general favorite. Being so badly dressed, and so childish for her years, oven women liked her, and forgave her her charming facoand her fresh and thrilling voice, which it was a happiness to hear ringing about the old house from morning till night. She seemed liko one of tho children aimosi, sue wns so mucn witn tnem. In the bright cold afternoons ad miring men who were making their way homo from shooting often met her driv ing the roomy old pony carriage, laden with the babies and thoir nurse, about the baro brown roads. Tho pretty group would trundle by, followed by the dogs, with many wavings of little hands, and Lucy, in her blue Nor mandy cap and her warm furs, would smile and nod and blush like a half- blown rose among the buds. It was so that George March met her on the day of his return to Croome, as he was walking up from the station ' He had stayed away a day and a half, and considered that by that feat of self-denial and prudence ho had earned a dinner with his darling, a,nd as long :n talk with hor afterwards as fate would allow. Mr. Oliphant, who had been talking to Lucy with his hand on the little carriage, iiad lifted his hat and gone on his way. The Doctor, when he came struggling up the hill in his great coat, mot him, and scowled a little jealously at tho Rector's hand some woll-bred face as they nodded to each other. " Oppity, Oppity 1 Oh, Miss Thrale, here is Oppity! the children cried when they saw George ; and then, of course, Lucy wns obliged to jtop her ponies again, and allow him to speak to Pamela and Dotsie, and to the three dogs, who also loved Doctor March in their different ways. Lumbering, stolid old Grouse, with his black jaws and nose,' wagged his tail calmly, and allowed George to make the advances. Nell, who was coquettish and mischievous, showed all her white teeth in a laugh, and jumped up to kiss him. Hip, the contem plative and pensive, rubbed his head against the young man's hand, and looked at him with melancholy af fection. " It is nice to find that somebody is glad to see mo again," declared George, with infinite contentment. " How do you do, Miss Thrale ? " Lucy heldouther handquietlyenough — he looked in vain for some of the pretty perturbation ho had detected on Sunday — and began to talk very glibly about the dogs. " They are the dearest old fellows," she said. " I should not be afraid to go anywhere so long as they were with us ; they would take care of us — wouldn't you, dogs 1" She stooped down to pat them, each impartially. " I think Grouse must be a mer- chant in dog-world, Doctor March," she added gaily, " with a big bank- account and gold eye-glasses ; just look at his important air." "And what is Nell, Lucy ?" asked .Pamela solemnly, who believed every word of Miss Thrale's stories. " Nell ? Oli, Nell is a little bur lesque actress, I think, always saying pert things ; and Hip, dear old Rip, is a poet whoso books don't sell." " But how can ho writo without a pen and ink ?" asked Pamela, puzzled. " I am fondest of Rip," said Lucy, who seemed to find Doctor March's grave silent gaze somewhat oppressive. " Ho is a little bit lonely and oub-at- elbows, but he was Lucy's old Boofleums for all that ; wasn't he, Rip ?" She stooped down again to pull tho poet's long ears. He evidently under stood the absurd pet name, for he sighed with pleasure and looked a little conceited. " Oppity," cried Pamela, " you must get in ; there is room enough. You can take jjotsie on your knee." " Ob, no, no 1" Lucy exclaimed, dis tressed. " I have to go to the village for Mrs. Ackroyd. I want to order somo spotted muslin and some lemons, and all sorts of things. Doctor March would be terribly in the way ! They are playing tennis," she added, hur riedly, gathering up her reins. " You will be in time for a game before it gets dark." "You see, Pamela," said the young man, just a little mortified — " you seo Miss Thrale sends me about my busi ness," And, before tho children could remonstrate, the pony-carriage had driven oil', tho dogs divided in their opinions as to which side to follow. George looked after ; the blue cap and tho bright hair with a somewhat wistful sigl), beforo he went on his way towards tho house. " Patience !" ho thought. " She is worth waiting half a lifetime for. How can I expect her to feel all at once for me what I feel for her ? I will give her. time." But, his ' sensible resolutions not- withstanding, Doctor March found it rather hard to bear with entire equanimity the very apparent change in Lucy's domeanor towards him from tho moment they mot again in the drawing-room before dinner. IIo watched the door with a nervous intensity that a week beforo lie would have believed himself incapable of, until she came in with Bee. Evidently she had dolayed doing this until tho last moment that wasdecently possible, just as she had avoided the tennis- ground when sho had returned from tho village, and had apparently shut herself into her own room. Sho clung to her friend, too, in an unusual way as they entered tho sottly-lit drawing- room. Ordinarily Lucy was too simplo to be shy ; indeed, her unconscious frankness with young men, hor way of looking them straight in the face, and of talking to them as if they were all her brothers, had oarnod her, among more sophisticated damsels, the reputation of being a skilful coquette. But to night she would not look at the young men at all, nor talk to them. She went straight to Mrs. Throgmorton's side with some blushing little speech, which was kindly received, and stood there for tho few seconds that elapsed before dinner was announced. She wore a high white muslin gown of Bee's and some knots of white rib bon. There was a broad band of black velvet round her throat, and her bright hair was rolled up into a low coil at tho nape of her neck. George thought he had never seen her look so pretty before, and he tried not to reel vexeci when she was sent into dinner with somebody else. The party was a largo one, and was divided at two tables. Miss. Thrale and Dr. March happened to sit at separate tables. Even the satisfaction of opening the door when the ladies rose was denied him. He was too far away, and some beardless lad among the "London fellows" was the recipient of Lucy's little laugh and yytrd of thanks as he disengaged the lace of her sleeve from somo point in which it had caught. Doctor March was not more for tunate when ho got back to the draw ing room. Lady Sardh was playing a waltz, and the younger ladies, instead of spending the feminine mauvais quart- d'heure in listless expectation of tho first man's appearance, were blithely indulging in . a little carpet-dance among themselves. George saw Bee and Lucy float by, thq two tall pretty heads close to gether. .Beo gave hiin a little nod as she passed, Lucy looked through him — apparently at the opposite wall. " Has any one been saying anything to her" thought the young man a little fiercely. Men were crowding into the room and saying it was a shame. Captain Sugden and the little follow who had touched Lucy's sleeve insisted on separating Miss Throgmorton and Miss Thrale; and soon, in the very laziest hour of tho whole day, the great room was full of whirling couples, Who were dodging, the tables and otto mans, and taking and giving bumps with cheerful unconcern. Lady Sarah played on and on with her good-natured tired smile. 'You are not dancing, Doctor March 1" she said, as George went and stood by the piano, following one couple with kind anxious eyes. George shook his head. (to be continued.) 