THE mm HAND. I A Tale of the Secret Societies- i Bj the author of ' Th« Q/ie^n of the 1 Blondes,' 'Dazzling bat Doomed/' * The Fairest in Mayfair,' 'Perils of Paris,' u Nina the Nihilist/' *' Princess aad Police Spy,' &c.; CHAPTER XCrtlL I THB OUJ HOUSE O'SBLOOKINQ LIltE» | HOUSE 1'OOL. I She tripped up the stairs iu front of 1 tier companion, he floiaderLag heavily : -af tev her on accautit of the bos which he : married on his shoulders, and whose chief 1 ?contents were a few disguises, for he had put a stem veto on Katinka increasing 1 ier. wardrobe by as much oven as a yoeket handkerchief, adding as a rider, * We members of the secret polios don't 'wash our soiled linen either at home or elsewhere, we cast it oiTand bay lies', and Uhen our belongings never inconveniontly , ^accumulate ;* and Gretch was a firm be liever in this theory, and would him* self hare travelled round the entire world with all hia personal property iu his coat pockets. Arrived at the head of the staircase be carried tho box into a tniaerab'.y fur nished room, and dumped it down upon the Boor. '* This is your chamber.' tiavd he. 'Mine adjoins and is our joint sitting Toom as well, because of its size and agree able view.' lie chuckled as he gave utterance to the last three words, whereby Katinka knew that there was more is them tbaa their mere sound implied, and this conviction fortified her against tho spiders and the nice, who evidently tenanted her bedroom in common. * There was no time for a general clean* up/ muttered Gretch apologetically. And, besides, it was hardly worth while when in all probability we shtU slay here for so short u period, added to which we should feel a sort of sympathy and brotherhood for the spiders, because oar tastes and our pursuits ate so very similar to theirs, eh, Katinka ?' The girl shrugged her shoulders, bat made no answer. 6 he was too much in earnest to take any pieasura in rail lery. Presently she made a moro t wards the door, for she had sees enough of that gloomy chamber with its broken-doxn iron bedstead and rickety pair of drawers, wash stand, and s&atless; chair, its cracked and chipped toilet ware, and its fragment of broken looking-glass propped up against the window-ledge, and was curious to learn the characteristics of the adjoining 1 apartment. They proved to be very similar, except that at tbe fireplace ©nd of tbe room there was a strip of carpet with tho pattern worn out on which stood a cloth less deal table, whilst beside is was a ! battered arm chair with a castor off, ! and the horse hair sticking out everv here and there from the holes that time and wear had made iu the American leather. On the shelf at the back was some common crockery ware, and a few cook ing utensils hung from nails underneath, the walls being sooty a^id greasy against which they rested On the chimney pieoe was a match-box and snuffers, and in the red-rusted grate fuel wrs yeady laid, with a tin tea-kettle, badly balanced, on top of it. ' Sit down, Katinka/ said Gretch. 'Ad versity and secret sorvice make one ac quainted with strange bed- fellows, but things will^ look more cheerful whei; lighted up by a good bl&ze; ; and, as ' said before, it is not for very long.' * How did you manage to scrapc to gether this odd collection of things r' asked Katinka. * I didn't sarape them together. They were all here when I came into possess ion. * Oh, yon took the mansion ready fur* nished ? You must have paid a good pricc P' ' Wrong again.' laughed the Police Majrvr; * for I didn't pay anything.' * .Just the correct value, I should say. ! But how did you manage it ?' G-retch did not answer her for a minute or so. for he was kneeling down on the hearthstone with his mouth cloBe to tbe red-rusted bars, trying to blow the newly-lighted fire into a blaze. Directly he effected hia object he turned round, however, witb — * 'Twas easy enough managed. I first I found out what would suit me down below in the shape of land and water, and, this done, 1 knew that we must hire a man-trap close by, so I first visited the houses to the right and left of this one, but they wouldn't do at all for they were reeking colonies of foul humanity, in which, doubtless, everyone knew his neighbor's business even bettor than h« did himself. Then at last I came to this place, which I found had for its tenant a drunken shipwright and a ghost ; the ghost had defied everyone to take possession but the shipwright, who, getting the plaoe for next to nothing, could afford to keep drnnk enough to pot-valiantly defy the ghost. My terms of tensncy are pimply to keep the said shipwright sufficiently supplied with moDcy to maintain him continuously in the same drunken condition in the more comfortable bar parlor of a distant Sublio-houBe, where they also accornmo* ate him with a bed, and there isn't the slightest risk of his even desiring to slip his moorings whilst the present state of things remain both to his own and the landlord's complete satisfaction.' * The scheme was simple enough, after all, but I don't believe in ghosts.' 4 Nor do I, bnt 'tis qoito sufficient for us that others do. It suits our purpose admirably, and, as shrieks, groans, and the soundB of straggling are said con* tinually to be heard in this ranrty, fusty, rat-riddled old pile of a night time, it will surprise no one should they chance to be heard again, and the ghosts will get all the credit ' 4 You don't mean to say that you have altered yoar plans to such an extent as to contemplate inveigling them here in order to murder them on the premises if' exclaimed Katinka, with a thrill and a shudder that she could not control. 'Foolish girl, have I not again and again told yon that both must positively be carried to St. Petersburg alive, because his Excellency the Polica Minister's hobby is vivisection rather than dissection t- It's only a child, who takes any pleasure in skinning his knuckles agaiost in animate objects that have offended him ; ihe grov.'u ra;.n wants tbe exciting oddition oi quivering ileeh, straining muscles, r.nd n&riiog; eye balls, and the voc*I ucaompa^imeai. ot nroans, screams, shrieks, tad curses By the bye, would yon like to have a cup of tea and a bit of toast P The ingre dients are here.' 'No, thanks,' responded the girl curtly, for, remembering the JuKuriou* and daintily served repast that they h&d; partaken of in the Strand Hotel only a couple of hours previously, fibe could not as yet bear the thought of either e&tit-g; or drinking in the foul, dirty, and alto gether horrible abode to which she had been brought. Her mind, however, needed further stimulant if her body did not, end seeiog Gretch preparing to light a pipe she re commenced her eager questioning. 4 Four actions prove that you hare relinquished the idea cf demanding Count Loris Ipanoff at tho hands of the British Government as a common mnrderer. ' 4 Quite ! Oh, dear me, the scheme didn't hold water at all. It was beau tifully simple in theory, )-ui practice would have revealed il to have been full tf the lui'sl abominable complications. Why, instead of managing it with decent j reticence, they would havo bungled tbtt j matter so that every scurvy newspaper ] in the land, end there sro thousands of i them, would have had their niy upon the ! fcubj^ct* thnn continental i-ap&rs; wouldl 'hare coDfcd, «nd aided th; ir -?m toai usfnts, &nd; ibe treat afid honorable name of Garishkir-e would have been dragged through the mire to j-ucb an ffct-Chl that — well, in fchoH, l-hero would bave been a very undesirablo exposure.' I 1 Well, what is it that you really intend to do P' asked Kstinka queru lously. 1 L&t; the moon give you & guess. It has come out, as 1 thought it would do before long, for it lias been one of those t-mcke fops that seldom dcscend the river further than Wappiog, or the streets further than half-way down tbe Com mercial-road Fashionables uneer at this end of the metropolis, but the air is, at all eventB, clearer and purer than it is at the other. Now, Katinka, come along if yon thirst for information.' Ho strode out of the room before her, and down a passago until they entered another compartment which seemed to be a kitchen, coal hoase and lumber room all in one, and then he abruptly opened a door at the opposite end* rod the fresh air came rushing in. 'Vint as she lefts fcWmt to Kten forward to look out Gratch stretched an arm I porosa the doorway a9 a bar, at the samo J i time spying to her — ] 'It ia a vrifitr plan to regard the I ground iha-n tho stars, espociaity In a : strange place. Three taore stops and you would havo found tho ground to be thirty fbet belosr, and without making use of ihe steep step ladder whioh is th? legitimate w&y; of getting down to it from this doo?.' ' Why the river 'is close to us. How br-)*d it looks rt this point/ cxclaicned ]£a:inke, 'Vcs, it is pretty broad here. The portion of it iamedi&tely; beneath us is known as Lltnebouse Pool, and that great illuminated cVck up yonder is in the tower of Limehouse Church. What do you seo nearer to us than tho rirerP' * Bight under us f Why» it looks like a patch of waste ground, and a wood-jard, and—yes, I think I can make out a small wet dcck and rome sort of a vessel afloat in itt and seeming to be leaning against the side of the next house X see the after part of a much larger ship. It ma^t be the same whose bows almost invaded the street that we came down, and which Eoemed to be intent on peking oxt one of the opposite windows with the end of i'-s bowsprit. It seems to 'be restinc on a slip as though under repair and ? ' * Never mind about that craft. Turn your attention again to tho smallor one i that is floating and looking so help:cs- and so innocent iu the wet dcck, whose gates, were thsy uuc'.osed, would at once give her the freedom of the open river. There, the moon gives a brighter lich1' now, for the mist is not so thick. Well, K&tinkaP;' ' I can make ber out to be a little steamer — a shabby, dirty, little steamer — a steamer that I am sure no one would look at twice.' 'A favorable verdict, for we d?n't want anyone to look at her twico. There aro scores employed on the busy river which flows oceauward alnnst at our very feet to anyone of which she might be a twin sister. She dou't bear much resemble?, does she, tD the oacfl spruce aod natty Ivan the Terrible, with her 1 pale chocolate-paiatcd ftnnel, her gleam ing yellow decks, and blaze of burnished ^raesTrork, and yet she is the Ivan the | Ten-ibl», ner.'rJhel^g. Are all y^ur j doubts now sol?- d, £s.tinkaP' 'Entirely. But is tho gunboat sLih awiiitine her at Havre P' ' Muc'i nearer than Havre, for this v©ry nigh!; she commenced to cruiso on and off the mouth of the Thames looking out for the d-acbargo of a rocket.' CHAPXfil; XLIV. TJIE DEVILISH PLOT TOAT WAS HATCJIED IS X1IK OLD HOUSE. Katinka stood for nearly five minutes with hands tightly cla^p^i and her eyes fixed on the transformed steam yacht Then she turned round, and s*.id abruptly — 'The housr, and tho boat, and the intermediate spscs are in oar favor, and all that I r.m puzzled now about its how you will lure Vladimir Garirhkiue's assassin acd the woman who believes herself to be his wife into the house or I even into the neighborhood P' * Those doubts cannot bs solved her**, but they shall be by the fireside. Gome 1' He drew his companion gently back from the door, and closed and fastened t. Therj he led tha way bask to the chamber which they had last quitted, stirred the fire iato e more cheerful blsze, and took down, from a shelf & small portfolio and an ink bottl?. ' Take tbs arm-chair and 6tuiy patience whilst, you warm yourself, or i^ you are'#oo 'fidgety to keep quiet lo?k about and see if you can find anything to stuff into those broken wiojow panes to keep ont the c?!d air from -he rirer. I am about to write a lotter, and when it is finished and you have read it you will b£ able to guess at everything.' He opennd the portfolio, which was evidently a recent purchase, and taking out a penholder, a sheet of paper, and an envelops he drew a stool up to the table, and seating himself thereon he stretched out his legs towards the fire bo as they should gather as much of the heat as possible, and immediately commenced his task. ffe wrote on tha envelops 'The Princess llomazoS, Private/ but no ad dress. Then he reflected for awhile, bat when once he had begun his epistle he dasicd rapidly on with it in French, without a single check or pause. ' Stepney, London, 20lh Dec , 1SS2 *To her Highness ike Princess FMora liomazoff and Conntess Ipanoff. ' I have c3me from Paris to London on purpose to afford your Highness the opportunity cf eariobiag me, and I am sure yoar Highness will do so as soon as you shall bo told t^e moderation of my wants and the ne'.ure of my claim upon yen Tcue, it is but the score', gathored from the ravings of a dying man, but I have also proof 'Last night T was a simple gendarme, to-night 1 am an adventurer, and to morrow nighl , through your aid, I moan t) bs it geuticman. Now for the why and the wherefore. 4 Last night a dying man was brought into our barracks in the line de Richelieu, lis bad been assassinated in U-e public streets, and a dagger s'iT. remained in hi? b:»riy up to the hiif, wiih a black glove tied by the fioger and thumb &ro;*rii tue pDumel. The tok *n told us that he wes a Jtussi&n; police spy. and that the blo v had b'-en struck by a refugee, or a Paris de'egate of the famous secret society of tbe Black Haud. ?When the doctors had done all they could for him, a comfortable bed was made up foi' him iu one of the eel s, and — happy chance — I, being off duty, was constituted his nurse, and seldom was a nurse put in the way of better payment ' When t'ie poor fellow began to rave I should doubtless have called the dcc'.or to him again. But I did nothing of the kind. 1 simply locked the door on the inside, and listened to all he said, managing uow and then to draw him out by a question or two. 'The following is an epitome of the useful knowledge that I gathered from him : — 4 That yout Highness was on the poiat of marrying a man whoso brother had juU b.in drowned is a dungeon int- which he l ad been cast at your instigati n, and ;or a deed in which he had had no share. The drowning, was effected by,a«udden riung and inration through, the oub liettes of t^e Bivcr Neva. andtheresuU wa» cot on'y the hailcse captive's, death but also th«.t of bis ag-;d and widowed who dropped do *11 dead when the ne9,s~*was -communicated to her the day after. * Your Highness miy think that you can afford to despise ihfe ravings of a dvine mafi. and aiiok mieht have been the oasfe nad not the living watcher rifled his pockqtft and foiiad indubitable proofs of everything that he had averred as well as evidence to tho cffect that his name wai Paul Gretch \- 4 It is these cvide&ces; that I am willing to fcell either to yourself or to your husband (for I have discovered that you are already married to the drowned prisoner's brother) at a price. With the gallantry of all Frenchmen I make my offer to tho lady first. 4 1 have, before oud that my wants are small* A tho&ssnd; pounds British will f arnish me an annuity of fifty poaada * year, or almost a pound or twenty-five francs a week. Oa that I oan contrive to live quite an independent gentleman. 4 If you will fwOedfl to these terms, tats a Biackwall omt-ibus from the Bank 1 of England at t ereu o'closk on the even : ing of the day that this will be plaoed in Stepney railway Btation in the Commer cial road By retracing your steps a matter of fifty yards or so you will come bo a ¥*n'y broad piece of pavement front ing an inu called Tbe Waifcc- Horse, aud there same the deaf and dumb boy who wiil give you this letter will be wai' ing to gaide yoa to my place- 3fou wilt accom pany hi in on foot, and had^ better be plainly dressed because tbe neighborhood is a low one that yoa wiil have to traverse in his company, ft you* should wish it I htve no objection to yiur being accom panied by one of your own sex. 'Should yoi foolishly neglect the invitation cont&incd; in this letter, or fail to keep the appointment at Ihe time I have namod, I shall next address myself to Count Ipanoff, your husbaud. but for the present I remain, your Highness1 very faithful and oompleis&nt; servant. ' Chevalieb d'Ikdustbie. ' P.S. — It may gratify you to be told that one of my evidences is a silver mounted, ivory-ttocked revolver, en graved with the crest, arms and initials of the drowned nobleman. It, along with the other proofs, was in the pocket of the assassinated Paul Gretch.' And Paul Gretch himsolf chuckled with domoniacal glee as ho p'aced his own obituary in K&tinka;'s hands aud requested her to read it over. Sho did so without missing a word, but when she had done she remarked — ' The idee is clorerly conceived, but it will only lure her hither. What of him t-' j ' Do-n't be so greedy, Katinka. Won't ; one fish at a time content you f' j 4 One at a time, yes, bnt decidedly not one for at entire day's sport.' ' Listen to mo, my girl. You saw the hint th&t; I let out ftbout bringing a female companion. Well, ten to one f-he wiil do it, for I know tbe ways of woman. Now, when tho Prinoess has been inter* vie wed alone, and chloroformed, and other wise rendered silent and secure, the oiher wom«n, who will doubtless be Mrs Grimsbr, mast be made our ambassador to iln husband, who, whan he is told by her ihf.t his wife is kidnipped, and he!d for ransom by some o £ tho mo-t dospyrate characters iti Tiger Bay, will hasten to her rescue iu person, you may be r-ssured/ I ' Surpoie ihst he comes with a posseof the London po'Jcs at his bscz ?' ' Tcoy wouldn't givo uiui more than two, ovc-Ji if he applied for thorn, and by the timo ihn-j he is expected 1 shall have the captain and tbe six men belonging to the launch hid awey in the hr.use ready to overcome all armed oppoci'ion, and, added to all that, the inhabitants of this neighborhood would liso to oppose law aud order upon the slightest invitation or teaiptatioD. Oh, have no apprehension on that tc»e, Katinka ' ' But wbat if the Prince** should not bricg u companion with herP' 4 Then we must have the intelligence of her cip:ure cjavtryed to her husband in borfto oibcr way.avd adozeu ways all eqaaily gooi vrili doubtless prosent them iel res 10 uj.' 4 Have yoa thought yet how the letter is to bo delivered to the Princjsn P 4 Yes. I shall p'ace that jab in your hands. Kitinka, but jou will have to do it by deputy though, for wera the Prin cess b? any chance to recogcite you it might spoil all, fo?, no matter how I might disguise you, that look of hate would c me into your eyes as you regarded her. which you doVt seem able to keep out of them whin Hor Highness is anywhere n rou. N«', you must do the job by deputy, as I t.aid belora, end I think i c \n lay my h&.nd on the deputy— a shrewd little ch&p; of twelve, who seems to be up to enytbiag, from turning a cartwheel to robbing a gentleman cf his watch, and I've eccii film do both. Yesterday he staried in a fresh line of hutiaess— namely, as * sliocb!a?k, but as he seemed to have ntfhing to do whenever I passed him except to blow into his empty hands to keep tlicm warn, I dare say he'll jump at a live shilling piece for delivering a letter and ailing dummy, p.nd hslfan hour will sMlica 10 c^aah him well in his part ' ' The part that I fhall have to play seems to be a very dillicuJt one.' 'Nob a bit of it. You will have to sHp hip leash at the proper lime, and tell him whom to 800:8*, and also to ob serve from a distance whether he doos exactly as ho is directed. You two will take a 'bus .o the Bank, and then, cross ing the road, change into a Paddington and New lload one, which will be painted green. Ask fo he put down at the Glouces'er G»te entrance toEegent Park, from whence you will be able to fiad yonr way on foot to Park Village East aud tho Pfinc?ss' villa, The Perns, be cause I've taken you to it that way with au eyo of mskicg some aucb use of you as I now pirpjse doiyg. When you get there you must not go too near th? housr, but cruise off and cn, and separate until you see the PrincebB come out ot diu gates, bat I don't think yoa will have to do so for long. 16? she takes several :u:as in the park during the day, and in nine capes out of ten alone It would be better if your deaf and dumb companion didn't accost her, until she got into tbo park, fr-r then you rrould see that; her husband wasn't coming alter her, sad 50a could be sitting tranquilly on one of the seats, or loobiug out from brhiud a tree whilst ihe interview was taking place. Taeboyhad best ssk by dumb motion if there is any answer — that is to say if we find him very sharp, but if not ho had better start off directly he has de'ivercd the letter.' 'Stop, stop/ uaid Katinka, 4 1 shall never recollect half what yoa've already said. Lac us see the boy first aad then you must go over it all again.' CffAPTEE. XLV. now uhetch's letteb was delivered to THE JMJINCJrsfl. The next day tamed out a clear and beautiful one of bright suus^ine and bard frost, aad close upon eleven -o'clook in the morning the Princess set forth irom her pretty villa to take her usual * alk in ihe parJfc. Although the next to idolised this second husband cf hers she looked far f cm happy, and, in fact, she was far f ouj ii* ])f, for she could never for a \- ngi-- irtg.aut banish from her mind the thai through her something .ireviful h*d happened to his brother | ^nd to his mother, and tbat 1 ?? - ti. r vi lite; ho would hear of it, and r»jr4* &ui; Hirndou her for h viug been the | Her unca&iLeBfi; was inoMMed through h'ir having, as yet received no answer fvom her *8i- Petersburg atjenfc, in bor lotter to 'vhotn sheliad-asta! for all ibe intelligence that he oou'd collect oiDcem n(i the Ipasfff famdv, bnt had ssi/rp^ into the envelope -before aealing.it a ^crap of pap r wherein .she had hastily scribbled, unseen by her husSand — 4 Private and important. Lst the newB nf the Ipsnoff family be all good sews. Invent anything that ia pleasant and plausible, rather than tell disagreeable truths. Nothing must tempt my husband , bi ck to Bussia.' But although well aware that this business man of hers would oblige her in ull things and that he was as shrewd he was^ unsorapu'ous, Fedora enter tained an inward presentiment, amount* ing almost to a conviction, that sooner or later the torrible RAnnt wmild nrit. and that her husband's love for her would thereby be changed to hate. Nor was this her only source of dis quiotude, for now that the excitement of immediate danger was ovor, and she had ample time on her hands calmly to review the past, she csuld not conceal from herself that thfcr.v existed at all cants a possibility that Count Ipanoff's fi'st wife_still lived, and tho more she tortured herself over the agonising doubt W.B avnu^ci U1BV tm»siuuii.jr weuivm w grow. BEe had deolared to her in his con* frssion that he had not dared to look in his wife's face after he had shot her down acroBs tho body of hor presumed paramour, and that he had only noticed tbat she lay as still as though dead before taking his hurried departure from flat lone house in the Vbrsbeevya suburb. Bat then, when a few minutes later De Siriex and Bcleslas Sasinski had burst into the chamber of death, only one body had been lying there — that of : Vladimir Garisbki&e; , What could have become of the other | in bo brief a while P she again and again trrtured herself by wondering; and then, { tco, what of the bloody track all the way i from the corpse across tho carpet; to the farther door, which led no one seemed to havo ascertained whither, and the bloody impress of a hand, evidently a child's or a woman's upon that door, a fact that both tho Pole and the polioe had alike Oh, it was bewildering, maddening. The thought that another woman, and that woman a despised Jewess, should one day claim her beloved Loris from her, and by that claim acd her mere appearance change her, Fedora, from his honored wife to his mere mistress, was in itself amply ^Efficient to s'ing almost to madness one so proud and haughty ee tho Princess Uomazoff— slill the Princess 1 Bomaz?ff, despite her marriage, brceusc a higher title cannot merge and bfl lost in a lower— for although Count Ipanoff would in case of such a resurrection be able to oStsin an immediate divorce, yet, after that, there wcu'd havo to be are marriage, and E.ny children th&t; might be born between the two marriages would be esteemed by th-J lavs of all European countries illegitima'e. It wa 8 to endeavor to gat rid of some of those, what the Princess tri«d to regard as 4 vapors/ that she ndalged in so much bodily exercise, sometimes with 1 but quite as frequently without, her J husband, for his was on indolent nature, , and he had besides teken up a hobby for 1 punting, which kept him much indoors..^ But tho trnth was that F-Sd?ra pre ferred being alo&e; when she felt tho need of wrestling with the?e horrid, and at the time even appalling, fears and fancies, for then she had not to wear a m&Bk; as when Loris was with her, ard she would return. hotrn from a rapid, walk across the park and to tho top of Primrose Hill strengthened ard rc companionably cheerful during the re mainder of tho day. On this particular morning, however, Ffedora was destined neither to get so far as the bracing heights of Primrose Hill, nor to return home companionable and chccrful, for she had hardly entered the park when a boy approached her, and presented for her acceptance a letter, making pantomimic signs that she was to read it at once. The Princess looked at the boy, and beheld a bright-eyed and not uncomely little fellow of abont twelve years of age, clad in tattered habiliments and with bare feet, and having a shock of tangled hair that answered ail the uses of a cap. 4 He is bnt the cat's-paw of others/ was very naturally tho Princess' first thought, and she glanced suspiciously round, seek ing to discover if those others were watching ber from a distance. But as she beheld no one near save a quietly dressed young lady sitting on one of the park seats, aud to all appearance abstractedly boring holes in the white frost-covercd tuif with the point of her umbrella, Bh: took tho letter, tore it open, and rapidly ran her gaze over the, to her, terrible contents. So terrible were they, as leilisisg her worst feari? — fears thut had been torturing her daily and almost hourly of late — that ere ehe had arrived at the eud of the somewhat lengthy missive she had to stagger to a scat, rink thereon, and even to lean back against the trunk of the tree beneath whose shade it stood. Yet though it had aft'ccted her &o; strongly Bhe had to go through it all again before her bewildered brain c.?uld grasp at its full moaning, fo thoroughly had she been unnerved by tue first shock. 1 Where did you get this from P Who gave it you ?' Ehe then dtmmded of the boy. The little fellow shook his head sorrow, fully, and then toachcd with a very dirty forefinger his mouth end his ears, thus implying that he was dumb and deaf * I have a^ deep, 'canning, and wary man to deal with, and he shows all three qualities even in his choice of a messenger. Luckily his demands are not exorbitant, and I can gratify them. There is no help for it.' These were Fedora's reflections, and she was wonderiag how she sbo^d convey her determination to the dumb bo p . who was standing in front of her evidently awaiting some kind of answer, when he himsolf helped her out of her dilemma by firdt touching hrr, then himself, and lastly pointing with a grimy finger iu an easterly direction. The Princess perfectly understood the meaning of this pantomime. The method of reply was a nod of the head to begin with, aud then, taking out her watch, she attracted the boy's atten tion -o it, moving tho hands oa to the ap pointed hour of the evening when she was to meet him in Stepney, and sodded again whilst she also pointed ia an easterly direction as he had ju«at done. The broad grin on his fere, and ths succession of short nods which he made towards her with his round bullet head, convinced Fedora that tho young street fi*ab perfectly caught her meaning, and would be able to render it intelligently enough to the individual who had sent him, so she gave him sixpence and motioned that he might start off back m soon as he liked, a permission tbat ho was not slow to avail himself of. Tarnitjg a cartwheel in grateful ac knowledgment of the bright silver ' tanner ' that he had received, he started off as £ast as he could lay his bare brown feet to the ground, but he took no notice of Katinka. who was still digging 4he point of her umbrella into the turf, and print log the word DEATH in a series of puuetured capital letters, for ehe guesse 1 hat the Princess was still following him with her eyes. Whon his rapid pace hsd carried him almost out of night, bowfve?. he tnael round and asme leisurely ba-.-k to pick u ? his companion ugain, who win tlu'. rime also slowly moving thiough thv j aik in hia direction. ? You done well,' slid Katinka, in her brMr'U Eigh^. when they me', for ale; 1 ad already picked up a few words of, the *angusge . 4 She c*me, ch P' ' Csaie P ay, ra . regler baste r.' snsrer/d ile «Ei'f L-hralod one, bat Kaii--ks bad . n this occ 'fti-jji X o rilerpret his looks in tead of his speech, whioh waslETilddlelO His expression assured her, however, that it was all right and she indulged in -0 malignant a smile that it caused the lad to remark— # * I say, you're a pretty girl, but don t look like that again, for it puts me ( in mind of the beautiful^ and wicked fairy that's in nigh every pantomime. She that's employed by old Nick, you l_-_— 4-n fllrniinirAnt *!»« . JTDOd fslTT and part the lovers, aud all that kind of ^Katinka shook her head in token that she didn't understand what he was talk ing about, so the boy relapsed into silence, inwardly pitying 'them fanners who didn't seem to know their AoO even when they was groxed op-' The Princess Fedora did'nt extend ber walk to Primrose Hill on this particular morning, bat instead, crossed through the nark and took a cab to her bank in Fieet £YL* l -,!,« All ;n . i^ennf and drew a thousand poauds in Bank of Eng Iftnd notes which she carefully concealed la her bosom. The Piincess was more cheerful tbat day even than usual, and Count Loris Ipanoff congratulated himself, even more than he had ever done before how delight ful a friend and companion he had won for the remainder of his life. When their unusually early dinner was over, he pressed his wife to accompany him to the theatre, but she made answer that she had setter heart upon going out chopping, ni'.h Mrs Grimsby, and. when ho asked her in some astonishment whether they wouldn't all bs closed, she J Jinswered him that the kind she de- 1 sired to visit didn't close before nine, by which hour she hoped to be home .-gain. (To he continued.) 