I WIT AND HUMOUR A “ hearties*i” deception 1b a bar of imitation Magic Soap which ruins your clothes, but A “heart” “less” deception is .‘tampedon every bar of Genuine Magic, which actually improves the linen, besides doing your washing in 29 minutes without rubbing.—[Advt. A Painstaking Max—A dentist. Stahtlixg 1* iouiiES.—GhostB. A nor.SE may pull with all his might, but never withhia mane. Ancient Female : “IIow much would you take mo for?” 'CutePhotographer: “About four-aud-twenty, mum.” He got the job. A rOET aslca: “What ia warmer than a woman’s love?” Wo infer that he never picked up a newly-coined horseshoe fresh from the forge. : Magistrate: “If I let yon off this time will you promise not to come back here again ?” Prisoner: “Yes, sir. The fact is, I didn’t come voluntarily this time.” He (very tenderly): “Darling, you are the only girl lover loved.” She (coquettishly): “Oh, pshaw! You can’t imagino how much fun you have missed.” He Needed It.—“I look like a tramp, ma’am,” ho said, “ but I ain’t. I’m a sailor, raa’m. I was wrecked and washed ashore.” “You ain’t been washed since, I’ll wager,” said tho unsympathetic woman. “You say I was born in London, pa. Where was mother born?” “In Dublin.” “And where were you born, pa?” “ In Gloucester.” “ It’s very strange, pa, isn't it, that we three should have met?” He: “Mildred, will you be my wife?” She: “ Well, net to-day.” Ho: “ Oh, Mildred, how can you speak so flippantly?” She: “Flippantly? How do you suppose I could, possibly bo your wife to-day? I should.want at least two weeks to get ready in.’* i■*" A youNO dandy, from the town, once made the acquaintance of a pretty and lovely, milk maid, and being greatly enamoured ’ with her charms, be went to the farmhouse where dwelt his divinity, for the purpose of seeing her. Not knowing the fair creature's name—for, like all flirts, she had given him some half-dozen different ones—he asked the sour-looking man who was stacking manure in the yard, “How’s tho milk maid?” The man did not think he was referring to Mary, the milkmaid, hut only meant fooling him, so he replied, “ My young buck, us don't make our milk—us gets it from the cows.” AFeminine Paradox.—Mudge: “What a paradox woman is?” Wickwire: “You— don’t—say?” Mudge: “ Consider her foot, for instance. The larger it is, the less it appears.” Fob a Pubtose.—Mr. Feeder: “This vest wants to be a little larger around the waist, Schneider. ’ ’ Schneider: “ But it fits you per fectly now, sir.” Mr. Feeder: “ I know it fits all right now, but I am ordering this suit to wear at dinners!” Small Peo3pects ix Life. —“ What did Miss Shorteleeve say wben you asked her for her hand?” “She asked me bow I made a living." “And you said”-“With my brains.” “And what did she say?” “X hadn't capital enough.” He Wasn’t a Chip of the Ould Block.— Mr. Flanagan: “Oi don’t knowphwat Oiwull ■lo wid me bye Micky. Faith, lie’s a bad young spalpeen.” Mr. O’Rourke: “Phwat iiez he been afthcr doin'?” Mr. Flanagan: “Suro he kirn home last noight rollin’ a beer keg that he'd sthole from tho saloon av the Dootchman bovant.” Mr. O'Rourke: “ Sure, he’s a cliver bye, is Micky.” Mr. Flanagan: “That’s phwat Oi thought, an’ Oi was u«t afther tolliu’ him be wuz a chip av the ould block, wbon Oi dis civered the keg wuz empty.” Mr. O’Rourke : “ Oi hope yo tached him a lesson for tbavin* ?'* Mr. Flanagan : “ Begobs, Oi think he’s a howlin’ yet from tho bastin’ I give him.” AxoTHEr. View of It.—Hunker: “I wish I had courage enough to propose to Sue and end my misery.” Spirits: “That might not end it.” Hunker: “How's that?” Spatts: “ Sho might accept you.” BI1IDAL FANCIES. Married in white, you have chosen all right: Married in gray, you will go far away: Married in black, yon will wish yourself back; Married ia red, you will wish yourself dead; Married in green, ashamed to oe seen; Married in blue, he will always bo true: Married iu pearl, you will live in a whirl; Married in vellow, ashamed of your fellow: Married in brown, you will livo out of town: Married in pink, your spirit will sink. BELINDA. Belinda's tresses bright Are rich bevond compare; The beams that fall from heav'n to light Her locks are not more fair. But, ah, by one sad doubt I’m tortured evermore— Are those bright treason all her own, -— t Or purchased at tho store ? 1 Belinda’s smile is sweet ; Tho gems her lips display When m that smils they part and meet No art can o'er portray, But, oh, I long to know— ' I'm on despair’s dark border These pearly teeth—oh, did they grow, Or were they made to order ? A CASE IN POINT. Husband: “Now, here’s a thing. Nellie; that I wish to ask your opinion about. I am reading soino items of philosophy here, and one of these items mates that there is a fool m every family. Wlmt do you think of that ?” Wife: “Well, you lost twenty dollars at poker tho other night, as you confessed to me?” It.: “ Yes, my dear. W.: And you buy what is called pools some times, iu the expectation of making a grea t “ Woll, that’s a fact. But what hast ! to do with there being a fool in every *■i am coming to it. Now, you havo four lamily—the family composed of your iers and Bisters- you left your family wheu married me. : “That’s correct.” .: “ Wei!, there's no fool in your family "'’Then tho husband fell into deep meditation, while the wife watched him out of the cometot her eye.—American. WOMAN'S CHANGING FASHIONS. When hoops were worn by woman fair, A nuisauco they were found; Ono run against them everywhere, The hcops -.vere always round. When hoops went out, by tome cracked braiffi The hustle was designed, And woman’s fashions, it was p.ain, Were getting quite behind. Tho hustle also saw its day. Though to it they adhered For years, or,cl when it passed away Tho clinging dress appeared. And as it suited old iindvoung, ’Twas worn without domur: To fashion woman long had clung, Now fashion clung to her. In timo the train became the style, And every woman wore it. In fact, the't'ashion for a while Swept everything before it. And thus the years new fashions bring Which nourish and decay; The corset is the only thing That over chium to stay. 