BETWEEN DRINKS. 6 Sliect music — snore3. - As the cook said to the dough : " This is my hour of knead." » V A hundred yards is a short race ; but a foot raco heats the record. it - You never hear a man finding fault with the muagrenoss of tho bathing-dress worn by another man's wife. Tho man who points out our faults to us is a true friend j but wo feel that we should like to kick him all tho same. w ft A woman's tongue ! A woman's tongue ! It's awful wbcu a woman's stung ! . Instructor : " Squo-arr-d — T'chunn ! When I say ' Eyes right,' now, I want to hehr every eyo go round with a click !" » « » A printer in sotting up ""Wo aro but parts of a stupendous whole," by mistake of a letter made it read, " "Wo are but parts of a stupendous whalo." W © At many marriages tho father gives away tho bride, hut it's no doubt often a very, lucky arrangement for liiui that no one gives tho groom away. # Four- fifths of the world's supply of cloves come from Zanzibar and Pemba, ; Afriea, say3 an exebango. And enter the . ' mouths of the Bird staff. — Ed. B. O' F. ft » Old 'Un : " Do yon want to know how to ' win at horse-racing ?" Boss.- "Certainly!" Old ' Un : " Back the horses that I don't." . « . » . A theatrical manager advertises : " Won derfully fmrny and doliciously mirtli- pro- voki'ng comedy — 'Two Baits of Twins.'" If this , is true it only goes to show how widely different tho stage is from real domestic lifo. ' # # He tried to kiss tho servant maid : Ne'er dreaming of a row, Tho day was hot, she raised her mop, And mopped his ardent brow. » » » Young Smith (tolling the news to his grandmother): "Wrinkle, the grocer, has busted." Grandma : " La' mo ! who'd a thought it ! Ho was one o' the skinniest, boniest men I eve j- laid eyes on." # » I ppimtrymau to his son (during the per formance of a "cluefc at a cflncsrt- f " D'j see, Tom, now it's getting late they're singing two at a timo, so as to get done sooner." « # "Look liore, waiter! Here's a cow's hair floating in.tliis milk." " Wall, sir," tho waiter answered, rub bing liis hands softy together, " you would , not expect to find a horse hair in milk; would you, sir ?" » ft A man has patented a device for the purposo of effecting on tho stages of thoalres the rising, sinking, rolling, and pitching motion of vessels at soa. So per fect is tho imitation that, in connection iv it'n sheet-iron thunder, saltpetre light ning, and bellows wind, tho actors are made sea-sick. « » "Have you any occupation ? Do you do any work ?" the magistrate asked the prisoner, who was charged with vagrancy. " Yes, your honor, Iim an actor." "Ah! well, thou, you don't work; you play." "Ah ! yo3, your honor; you only seo me on tho stage. You should seo mo when I am trying to collect my salary." Tho magistrate entered " day laborer " against tho prisoner's name, and gavo him an honorable discharge. She: "llor father is an undertaker in Sydnoy, isn't ho ?" Ho: "Yos. She told me she wa3 tho daughter of a planter." " . Magistrate (to prisoner) : " Have you any remarks to malco ?" Prisoner (a harbor) : " Yos, your Wor ship. Your hair wauts cutting." ft « Irish landlord (to tramp, mending his clothes) : " What aro you doing in my barn ?" Tramp: "Only gathering in uiy rents, sir." e Kissing is a fleeting bliss, That leaves a lasting pain, For each kiss is followed by Desire to kis3 again. ft ft Old 'Un, Jun. : " Carl Hertz can do tlio wonderfullesb trick you ever saw. He took a shilling, moved it round a little while, and turned it into a ro30." Old 'Un: "That 3 nothing Tommy, Your mother can turn 203 into a bonnet ia a" twinkling." Can any of our readers render the assistance so courteously asked for in tho following paragraph ? "A young gentleman on the point of getting married is desirous of meeting a man of expcrienco who will dissuade him from tho stop." . « « An unfortunate man gained access to a rich nobleman. Ho depicted his misfor tunes and his misery in so moving a manner that the- noble lord, with tears in his eyes and his voice choked with sob3, called to the servant : "John, put thi3 poor follow out into tho street ; lie is breaking my heart." He : " Are you happy now that you aro married?" She : " Comparatively." He: "Compared with im ?" She : " Compared with my husband." « A country woman who had married a rather worthless fellow was asked why she did so. Hor reply was, " Doan yor zoo, zur, I'd a-got so much wasliin', aud.I wa3 a-foriS td Sell7 it W ftff' lf._I had not married him T must a-bouglit a donkoy.11 Mary had a little pug, But not as you suppose — Because it's not of tho canine breed ; The pug is in her noso. # » Ho was about to pop tho question to the Eurl of liis choice, aud was trying to decide how liq should do it. First he thought of a knightly proposal in the stylo of tho middle ages : By my lialidaine, fair maid, say thou wilt be mine, and the holy friar shall unite us ere another sun gilds the turrets of the city hall. Then ho con sidered tho theatrical stylo : I have long loved you in secret", go-ur-r-1, and though fain uotrich.Ican offer you tho time and unselfish do votion of mo wliolo ha- a-r-r-t. Ho thought perhaps tho easy conversa tional stylo might do: Well, Alicia — I may call you Alicia, mayn't I- every ono thinks wo aro going to bo married. Ha ! lia! Supposo wedogetmarried justto please 'ora. But, aftor all, ho did it something like this : " Er — Miss Alicia — er-oxcuso tho familiarity — hut — er-or — will you — or— oh, lord." Then sho camo to tho rescue, and said: "That'll do, Willio dear, it's all right, and I know papa and mamma will bo so ploasod." Tnininiinr'Miiawriiiiimiiiw> <nftiiipiw \- Tiio prima-donna who " carried away hor andionco " is oarnostly requested to bring it back, n3 there wore sovcral mothers iu it who loft babies at homo. e - " Tlioro aro pooplo," says Mrs. Potts Point, " who can bathe with impurity in water as cold as Greenland's icoy moun tains or India's coral strand ; but as for mo, I prefer to bathe in water that is a little torpid." IN TIIE TUBLIC TAJIK. Sallie Ann (ragged little girl) : " How is it you'so can go on tho grass an', wo . can't ?"' _ Maiule.'-Alico (woll-drcssod little girl) : " 'G'auso our nurse is engaged to tho pTocceiuan." THE 1'TItST. Ilor beauteous lips wore tcuder, moist and warm — I hope somehow her wrath might be appeased— I daro to tako ouo swift, magnetic kiss, And she — sho looked unutterably pleased. IlOW MEN CAN BS WHEEDLED. Ladies, don't- try to mako a man think how clover you are. Mako him think how clever ho is. Brighton him up. Lead liim on to say witty things. YoU may oven coax liiin up to a joko, bo he as glum as Pharoah's ghost, liomhul him of clover things ho said " the other day." Never mind if tlioy aro inventions of your own. Novor mind if ho knows the' aro, so long that ho does not iinagino you know they aro all right. Tell bright things about him. It won't tako long to make him feol, especially if lie is really a dull fellow; that lie is a lot smarter than ho thought liirn- solf, and ho will' correspondingly adore you. A man is apt to frizzlo undor tho firo of your own humor and wit and bright ness, and of coarse a man is never com fortable whoa be frizzles. Customer (taking something from be tween his tooth and looking at it) : " Waiter, hero ; there's a stone I found in this pie." " It's no good to us, you can liavo it," said tho waiter, as ho took it, glanced at it ci'itically, and handed it back. « Wife (from tho window, at 1 a.m., to tipsy husband) : " Woll, what is your ox- cuso for coming homo at this hour?" Husband ; . "Let mo in, M'ria. Just couio from tho meeting of tho labor Uiifoll. ' Been considering what we'd do about tho recent striko." Wife : " Woll, you just sit down on tho doorstep and consider what you'll do about tho present lockout." And she slammed down tho window. « « Fair yisitor : " So you liavo really de cided not to sell your house ? " Fair Hostess : " Yes. You seo, wo placed the matter in tho hands of an estate agent, bub .after reading his lovely advertisement of our proporty neither J elm nor mysolf could think of parting witii such a wondorful and perfect homo." o " Oh, yes," said the eldest Miss Culturo the other evening ; " 1 broakfastod yestor- dav with Mrs. Brainweight, and we onjoyod a delicious repast — excellent coffee, superior bread and piscatorial globes, done admir ably." " What ?" askod her friend. "Piscatorial globes," ropoatod the inaidan. " And what undor tho sun aro tlioy ?" " I believe," said Miss Culturo, drawing herself up stiffly, "I believe uncultured people call thorn fishballs." Wifo: " What's that wliito stuff on your shoulder ?" Husband : " Chalk from tho billiard cue, I guess." Wife (sniffing) : " Hereafter I wish you would use chalk that doesu't' smell like . toilet powder.'' « # ft Mamma and littlo Janette passing Buck ingham Palace. Mamma: "That is where the Queen lives." " i Janette: "Aud whore does the King live?" Mamma,: " There isn't a king now." Janette: "Oh! And where does tho knave live then ?" » » Policeman's Boy (breathlessly) : "Mothor, tlioro's beon a big row down town, and sovcral officers aro hurt." Policeman's. Wife (excitedly) : " Where is it?" " On father's boat." (With a sigh of relief.) : " Oh, I'm so glad 1 Of courso your father wasn't there when it happened?" "No." « "Wish to leave, Parkins? Why you only camo yesterday ! " "Yes, marm. In ongaging I thought you was a sparrargrass and champagno gentry. But when I 'ears from the cook last night that you oat portaters, cabbages; carrots, and such-like second-hand vege tables, and drinks beer, I sees there ain't nothing esthetic in it, and I resigns my office, so to speak." w MODERN DAT 'COURTSHIP. Lips alluringly red, Eyes that aro brilliant and black, A figure divine and a breath like wiuo, And I lovo hor well, but alack 1 Sho somehow fails to respond, Aud rofusc3 iny life to bloss, I Although I'm inordinately fond I And press hor hard— for a " Yos." | I'll buy her a bonnet, I think, | A " lovo of an Easter tiling," I All prettily ribboned with pink, ! And I'll supplement that with a ring. j And then do you think sho'U resist j My picas for a loving caress — Still bolong to tho groat unbiased ?— You'll ho at tlio weddiug, I guess ! I . v . ft - j ; Mr. O'Baffefty has a boy Mike, wlio for laziness cannot be beaten. This assertion is not absolutely correct, howover, for he is beaten for laziness every day by liis father. ' After ono of those sad scenes between parent and child, Mike remarked dismally: " I persavo that ' thero is no plazin of vcz. It is wisliin' I was dead, I am." " It is loilro ycrsolf," retorted tlio father, "to bo wisliin' ye was stretched in an oxpinsivo and convayniont coffin, takin' it aisy for tho rest of yor life 1 " » # "Ladybird" sends us hor "correct measurements " of bust, liips, thigh, calf, j ankls and height, with a view to asking us 1 if " sho is a well-made woman," and suit- j able to go on tho stage. "Ladybird," j however, forgets that .there aro oao or 1 two other important particulars which, bo- j foro deciding so delicato a subject, it j would bo as well to know— namely, her I ago, color of her hair, whethor she can | dance or has any idea of singing, and, I lastly, whether sho has any pretensions to good looks, for despite tho list of interest ing measurements sho soruls us, lier charm ing figuro (it must be charming) might be surmounted with a headpiece as ugly as a hair of bummers. Also, fair " Ladybird," what about your feot f B DRINK CURE DILEMMAS. I " The troublo about all these cures for j druukonness," said an ox-inebriate, "is j that you cau't arrange to have all your alcoholic companions cured together." " A man goo3 and gets rid of tho habit of toping. Wlion ho returns from tho hospital to liis homo ho finds that nono of his friends are nearer sobriety than he was before lio started. Ho is a non-drinkor, with nobody but drinkers for acquain tances. fi " Ho hasn't much in common with any j ono ho knows, and it takes a long timo for him to got into ico water society, for which ho is unsuited by instinct and training. 1 hen comes tho temptation to resumo his bar-room visits, if only for tlio sake of some- thing to do. Ho falls . and becomes a drunkard onco utoro. A man is too much handicapped fight ing tho battle against drink alone. Twenty or thirty of tho same cotcrio should sub mit to the treatment togotbor, and whou cured thciy could learn new habits all together." , - , . 