Valhalla. (cONTJIUiVTED.) On atvaking for the first time in Wallialla, there is much, of the novelty of one's first uprising in a foreign city: much that is so strange aud new. True, the same language is heard, but the rising of the sun is missed, as his lordship lies long in bed and retires early. He does not show his face over the mountain tops till 11 a.m., an hour when our ancestors used to dine, and he dips below the opposite summit between 3 and 4. p.m. The ear is struck with the con tinued monotonous thud of the stamper batteries, varied from time to time by the ruuibliiig roll of the tramway overhead, ou which a single horse is drawing 11 or 12 trucks of firewood, or as many of stone, to the crushing plant. This is a good example of what ingenuity, under the influence of necessity, can do. There are some 15 or more miles of the tramway, of a 8-feet guage, constructed by the min ing companies under the direction of their essentially practical engineers, who cannot write C.E. after their names. I think they use a 15lb rail, hut they wiud round the sharp spurs of the mountains in a graceful manner that would terrify the ghost of George Stevenson. However, they do their work satisfactorily, and far more easily and economically than it could be doue otherwise, and yet this only cost £1000 per mile ! Let the Railway Depart ment send some of their pupils over lice, and it will indeed be strange if, with all the advantages of optical de monstration, education and science, they cannot design lines substantially built, capable of carrying all that is required at a reasonable speed of 10 miles an hour, and at a cost that should he amply covered by £2000 a mile. Of course there must be no red tape, no 90-ton engines to draw half- empty trucks and carriages, no elabor ate stations, but the purest items of necessity for doing the most modest quantity of work asked for. If, after this, such gentlemen cannot achieve what is expected of them, then estab lish a department of " Light Moun tainous District Railway Construction, " and appoint the manager of the Great Long Tunnel, the Long Tunnel Ex tended, or any other weU-organised gold mining company, and give him carte blanche to employ whom he will and he will do what is required. The first visitor in the morning is the batcher, with his beef and mutton slung across pack horses ; the milkboy follows with cylindrical cans of large dimensions, encased in leather, one on each side of his horse. Later ill the day the store delivery boy "will be seen on one side of his animal, balancing his baskets on the other. Look out as you behold a hoy taking some weatherboards to their destina tion, as these arc balanced on the saddle and nearly cover the narrow street way. And, again, beware of the pack horses, for they are of a con ceited, proud disposition- One has an a second follows ' with Ihe bedding ; another will have one or two trunks on one side, and, maybe, a box or two on the other. But, except for this loading, they enjoy the freedom to which they were originally born. True they are supposed to be in charge of some one, but his catechism is confined to one axiom, " caveat yiater," and lie (that is, the traveller) had better look out. Pack horses have one ob ject in view — to get to their next halt ing place, and keep their idea of a bee line "impugn them wboso list." They get out of the way for no man, and are quite unconcerned if they up- set you with their pack. The waggon and coach horses have a certain amount of respect and reverence for these fourfooted nomads, and let them get in front of them, round them, jostle them, tie knots in them, until neither party can move at all, and then somebody has to step forward and untie them. Most of the people being engaged in mining and its attendants are tolerably early risers, but I cannot say the same about retiring. Sotto voce, I have heard they sometimes make night hideous, but for that matter, so they do elsewhere. I took a look round or through the town, and was really appalled at the : task before me. It was not so much its magnitude as its chaos, and the fear that the municipal authorities might be staggered at the amount I conceived inevitable to restore any thing like order. It was in fact only a trifle, some £10,000 or £12,000, but such a sum appears enormous to a local body collecting only £700 or £800 for their whole year's rates- Up and "down I walked the tortuous street ; here ahd there a narrow goree cut in the rock ; here and there a wide expanse"' of creek . full of shingle, boulders?- -tree1" stumps wreck;' Ml signs of vegetation buried ; fences broken away ; bridges broken down ; what had been the natural channel choked up ; what had not been bitten out, in some cases right across the road. I met in the council a very intelligent practical body of men to repair drainage in the most econo mical manner, hut at the same . time the speediest. They practically gave the carte blanche, only insisting on being continuously kept au fait of what I was doing. I began by study ing what had been done by my pre decessors, and how they had answered the purposes for which they had been designed. The condition of things was in many respects different from that I- have been accustomed to. Tn" the "Kerang district, the land seldom falls more than 9 inches to the mile, and sometimes not even that,— here its declivity is 18 inches to the chain ; your rainfall is from 10 to 15 or 18 inches per annum ; here it is from 40 iptCO. (With.you the » creeks We wide, shallow and sluggish ; here an ordinary rainfall makes little impresaon, as it flows away as fast as it falls ; but what is the effect of a continuous heavy rain is vividly impressed on the mind. Jjy the vestiges destruction eveiy- where visible. Two bridges in the main street were last year washed completely away. The remains of houses overturned, beams buried deeply in debris, but with an end upturned, or a bolt protruding, mark where tbey are interred. A few planks placed side by side, at frequent intervals, answer the purpose of temporary cross ings until more substantial ones can be erected, while wildernesses of gravel and stone overlie what once were well kept lawns. Walkalla must have been prolific in flowers, ferns, wiUows, pop lars and fruit trees, which I believe she grows to perfection, aud which will, I trust, soon again decorate her minute but picturesque aflotments. Bricks have to he brought from a long distance, so most of the buildings are of wood, with which the country is richly endowed. " Walhalla itself lies between two lofty ranges. I do not suppose the width of available flat country anywhere ex ceeds, and in many cases does not ex tend to, five chains. The main street winds its tortuous way along the ap proximate centre. It has been for a great part of its length metalled, and a substantial kerb of redgum defines its miniature footpaths from five to seven feet in width. The thrifty house- bolder has dug out some of the moun tain side, or blasted away a portion of the rock to secure the advantages of a veritable yard, and many little out offices are to be found hollowed out of the slate or other formations. Huge mounds of mullock are the inevitable adjuncts to each mine, and these, being so limited for room, frequently slide down into the creek, and help to block it up. Still, mining is the mainstay of the place, and one cannot find too much fault with its little peccadillos. Stone abounds everywhere and thus, though the rainfall is decidedly fre quent, and the streets, there is no denying, are muddy, still it is a healthy, aristocratic sort of gritty mud, that leaves some evidences of the hoots having been blackened since the palao- ZOIC New to a district, its locality, faci lities and difficulties, I speedily realised that I must speud some time in pre liminaries, and carry out a survey of respectable proportions which must necessarily involve some delay, but I had two opposing forces to contend with ; one tbe necessity to complete the work within a very limited period, the other to satisfy the immediate cravings of the unemployed. Here let me digress a moment to give a word of explanation. Before leaving Kerang many of my old contractors, for whom I had for years entertained a great re spect, extorted a promise from me to furnish them with full particulars of the works I would be engaged in, and give them an opportunity of competing for them, and they may naturally wonder why I failed to fulfil this pro mise. I did not know when 1 was so rash what was before me. Through out the year the abor market has been, as is well known, pniversally depressed, and its effects had extended, iu" a minor .degree, even to Walhalla-. aihoimt of ifiOOO lying itTllien' credit and waiting to be expended, but through a series of unforeseen circumstances were without an engineer to supervise its expenditure. Bo the flay after rny arrivai I was besieged with applicants for employment, who thought I could put them on at once. My office became a small labor bureau, into which dozens came to register their names. They would be seen hanging about the streets in scores, and as there is only- one such street they naturally made a formidable show. Day after day I was importuned for work, and my only re ply became a refrain, " I must wait until I am ready." This naturally grew into a murmur, and I am satis fied that it was as well I did not hear all the compliments that were paid me. At length I got some contracts ready, and having advertised for tenders, met with an unexpected surprise. The cm-rent rate of wages was 8s 4d per day for a laborer, and 17s Cd for a man, horse and dray ; but all my con tracts were let at very fairly low prices and under my estimates, thus proving the honest desire of the men to get employment. 