WOODEND. OBOM OUR OWN CORRESrONPENT.) n , r Monday. _ Dread of the mystical and supernatural is firmly implanted in man. and manifests itself in many ways. In his earliest years he peers with fear ami trembling into the shades of night, and darkness, while in his maturer life he looks just as fearfully into the shades of that greater night towards which his days are verging. That fearfulness, that dread, that prying into the outer shades produce their effect upnn his mind and upon his imagination. Thus it occurs that all are more or less imbued with a kind of superstitious awe of a mysterious and indefinable something With the ignorant, and often eren with the educated, it shows itself plainly, the most common form taken being a belief in the existence of ghosts. A thriffinjr storv, a lo-iely walk afterwards along a dark roo'l. the sndden appearance of an old whito cow, or perhaps an old stump, and the existence of the ghost is assured. A couple of others hear the story, have some similar experience, and no further donbr can be entertained. His ghostship is fully fledged and established. Few of onr colonial towns have vet got their spectre, perhaps because they have no quaint old towers and rains to serve a!s a comfortable abode for one, or else their traditions and histories are not old enough for superstition to cling to. However, this is not tbe case with Woodend. One has alreadv stepped from the realms beyond, into the neighbourhood. But'lie is rather a retiring fellow, and, perhaps out of considerati-v for the number of young children and old women in the township, he has taken up his quarters out on the Campaspe, in the precincts of Harper's bridge. A great number of the residents about that place are perfectly convinced of his exist—if a spirit can be said to existence—tlier". Several accidents have recently happem-i to people travelling past the spot, and <-f course he is blamed. Only last Fridiv night a young man from that locality asked if he intended goir- io the entertainment to-night, and his -p'y was that lie would not venture al<\- Then asked the reason, he said that the p.ace had the name of being haunted—and this quite seriously. Well if ever a ghost should be ashamed of himself this one ought, for he has evidently not got the pluck to appear to more than observer, unless the other is a horse, and he is, though perhaps unwittingly, an adversary to a good and charitable cause. It is to be hoped that he will desist from his little pranks, or else get transferred to some other place soon. At meeting wes held at Mrs Heating's hotel, Newham, on Saturday, with a view to starting a creamery in that locality. Mr P. Meagher occupied the chair. Mr Arthur Froomes was appointed secretary pro. tern. It was ultimately decided to attach this creamery to the Kyneton Butter Factory. The creamery is to be formed with a capital of 500 shares at £1 each; ten shillings on allotment, and the remainder, as demanded. Two hundred shares were placed at once, and a committee consisting of Messrs James Kenny, F. Davies, Eli Jones, M. Shannon, Bryce, J. Ferris, P. Meagher, was appointed to canvass the district. It was decided to erect the bnilding between Mrs Hall's and Mrs Heating's hotels. Another meeting is to be held next Saturday, when the canvassing committee will report progress so as to forward ą report to the directors of the JactOry on the following Thursday. \- "-Another meeting of farmers was held afterwards when a resolution was passed expressing the satisfaction of that body ^ the'actipn oi the Government in imposing.a -duty .óf one pound per ton upon imported potatoes, and also asking them to increase it to thirty shillings. It was also resolved to approach the members for the district, both in the Upper and Lower Houses, asking them to take steps with the "view to having a like duty imposed on hay, chaff and straw. Bather an amusing little incident was .enacted here this afternoon. Two of our local tradespeople have recently had a difference the casus belli being the actiou of one who has decided to have a right-of-way on to some of his property, and has further removed a fence belonging to the other party which was opposing his design. The result is that a lawsuit is in progress. The defendant, who is preparing evidence to justify his action, engaged a photographer to take a phootgraph of the scene of the trouble. The other party to the dispute, who by the way is a female, aware of his intention, came out, attended by.aoouple of full-blown olive branches, and a gentleman friend. She placed herself in the line of fire of the camera, and either on account of the cold or moved by some inward emotion, kept fluttering backwards and forwards, while her male at'oom- ;iani&t; kept firing boxes in front of the ; nstrument as if testing whether it was an instantaneous worker. The object of the Ta&ywas; attained. Defeated, but bubbling oyer with merriment, the photographer and hi£«mployer retired, i A meetmg was held on Friday night at Mrs Sampson's Hotel to settle up accounts in connection with the recent benefit entertainment held here. The total receipts amounted to nearly £13, which, after all expenses are deducted, will leave a tidy eurplus, * The iady stall- holders for the forthcoming Ł.C. bsiaar held a meeting yesterdflyto deeittri£h some general business. The amount in ; hand at present is ahoutX4S. decided; to 'hold two socials during the season, tha first one heing set down for. file 10th this month. 