3tells- of 3interest. jlOn of tie many uses to which paper is now put that of making gas pipes. MIanilla paper is cut in strips equalling in width the length of the pipe to be made. These are passed through a vessel filled with melted taspaltc, and then wrapled firmly and uniformly round an iron core, until the required thickness is attained. The pipe is then subjected to powerful pie-sure, after which the outside is strewn over with rand and the whole cnoled in water. The core is then removcn, and the outside of the pipe coated with a waterproof composition. These pipte are claimied to be perfectly gastight, and are said to be much cheaper tYian iron Some Geri?.cR scientists hare recently fur nished information in regard to thie ages of Ltrie. They a-iign to the pine ties 500 to 70(1 years a tihe linxillutin, 4*2 years to the 'ilver lil-, 27 years to the larch, 245 years to the roel lbchl. 210 to tile aspell, "'0(t to the biltch. 111 t tl,: ash, and 145 to the alder, mld :13ilto the lln. The lhei t of tlie oak begins It, it;' a't bout tlie age of asbout :1)00 years. 'The holly oak alone escapes this law, it is said, anid there is i'l existence near Aschallfenburg, in Germany, I tree of this kind which. I:st attained the agent 41 years. There is a enurch in tile town of Ilergen, Norwtay, that is built entirely of paper. It can seat 1,000 persons in comfort, and has been rendered waterproof by a solution of qluicklime, curdhle milk, and white of egg. Careful sientific investigatgations show that the average speed of the tranulissiion" of earthiiiako shocks is nearly 10,000 feet per -ecund. The followin- w-rn ring to su;ciles is exhi bited in the province of Montenegro :-"All Iterons who tke their lives are to be declhured dislionouorable. Their corpses are to be strung to galloi·t, il view of the public, for twelty-four hours. Suicide is unworthy of ;M .oatenelrill. Cod alone has iower ove.r ta a lit- .e which dhare the sacrificed onlyv ti I le baitletield, in defence of I?s country." The Clinece have an elaborate systcem for tile interplretation ofi dreams. To be whipped by a g>od or devil they regald ias extremely unlucky, while to enter a temple and see tile gods rtoving about is conisidered lucky. T"o treatm of lighting with wandering ghosts Imellsl that oie will live to an old age. Salvation Arillmy's CXIItrive deacrittlit'l of Ia ueck'. work at Leeds :-" Indescrill able times : tmiite:l lon:CIeltioall; six soutl. Victory !"' Seals, when lbasking, place one of thl- il nlluliber ioil uar'dt to give tile alArll ill cOi-e of udalngr. The signal is a Iquick clalp of tile flippers oi a roCk. Wild rabbits signal withl ttieirforctiaws, andl have regular sigllt ,,nd calls. \ll attesiaul well was osome years ago sllllk on the beach at Sani Buenaventura, Cali fornia, live tce't froll highli-water mai k. At a depth of about one I;uldred ;aill] folty three feet : striong flow of water wa obtained, spiouting Ithirty feet above ithe grOitoun. Soiae filh were oberved ill the w'iste vat.-r, aid ?il exaainiationi oi tile well revealed tle fact. tlhi it was lilled with yoinig trout. They were pcrfectlydeveloled. eyes all all, llnld lieasured about two iiich, in length. Tthousandis of thlem weere lthrown out by each jet. Tle temilierature of the well water is about sixty-foulr dieglee Fahrenheit. It is believed thatl the lish may have come from thiehead-waters of tile Soatta Clara Rfiver biy sooie subterranean outlet : thatitreal itself is several miles diFtant from tbh well. In Turkey, twenty years ago, mnen were hanied for trifles ; tradesmen who Fold .hort weight might be nailed by the ear to their o\wnl doolrposts; and petty thieves, as well as men who were impertinent to otlicials or " hu refused to pay their taxes twice over, were bastinadoed on the soles of the feet. This la-t punishment, by the way, was light or cruel, according as tile patient wasaccus totaed to go barefoot or to spend his life in barouches. The water-carriers, porters, street fruit-sellers, anl peasants generally, whosre soles were like a horn, cared little for twenty-live cuts with a bamboo; but to tradesmsen, clerks, andtil woleul the stripel were excruciatingly painful, and brought weeks of laulleineir . TIhe present Sultan lia. abulihed the bastinadoin the Eurolecan part of his dominions, and practically done away witli capital puiiishlieitll, except for briga.inl age and for itteaipts at asassinating high otticials. While Indiain t,. decreased in public use hy about:lll,(l0l). in 1.S1, thle conltuImp tioli of Ce lon tea has increassed by no les thanu lI7ii.sl,00lijb., or 48 per cent. In Engl,,hndl and W\ales 8,7 nles of rail way out of! ,011 miles ot double lilies ate worked on the block system. In Scotland iractirally the whole of the mileage is worked os that iaystem. In Fraice lat year therere re killed 404 wolves, of which 19t were full-grown animals and 2533 cubs. Theamount paid for their destruction was £l,113, at the rate of £4 for a full-rown animal and £L1 'is. for a cub. A iara.-ol, intended as Ia present for the Sultan of Morocco, has a stick which is over 3\. yard- long, and is gilded and richly orna mentedl. The outside of the parasoltisof bright green silk, with a heavy gold fringe round it. while the inside is lined with pale straw colour. There is a curious snake (Hydraci yeti) in South Africa that lives wholly tipon birds' eggs. It li has no teeth or signs of teeth in the mouth, the whole dental array being located in the stomach. li'oaniit asserts that one of the many "lady litigantlts.' lt the luw Courte was formerly ai wraittress at a late cotffee-house, where ihe devotetl her nights to serving cups of coffee and her days to serving writs. The silver wedding of Grieg,the composer, was celebrated recently at his home near Bergen, Norway. After dinner Iirieg Ilayed his famous " Wedding l'iocession," andill1rs. Grieg sang some of her husband's songs. In Russia blacK is never used for covering eoltins, thlle cloth being a pink shade when the deceased is a child or young Iperson, a crimson colour for women, and brown for widows. The American President, whose salary has beetn the subject of many comparisons, receives it in monthly instalments. On the 6tlh day of every month the Treasurer of the United States sends to tihe White House a cheqiue for 4,16 dollars. M. Jules Lelindy, the great Paris sugar refiner, hlas left what is perhaps the largest individual fortune ever imade in France. His wealth is estimated at T00,000,000 francs (£14,400,100). How much of that enormous sum was extracted fromn the Frencl tax iayer in the form of sugar hounties it would be difficult to say. Signor Carlo Rota, the well-known Italiant patriot, has died at San Pier d'Arena, near Genoa. SignorRota took a prominent i|rt in the unsuccessful exlpelition againstSapri, illn Calabria, which was organised in 1857 by RBaron Nicotern and Count l'itsatccns inl the lo,,e lif overthurosoiu.?g thie Btioi'rbi, ll;vertn tin-ll e-tablisheda alt Nples. hiarotin NicOItera, ;lie .Mini-lterof tihe Interior iin the last r(;rI]Inetlt, evas present at the patriot's bedeide. Some ingenious contrivan l arle u.ed by thieves. The latest looks l e anll ordinary walking-stiek, but is so armnIged that, by pressing a hspring at the han _, the ferrule will slread apart. and form a ort of spring elip that wili take hohl of al 'thing that is within reach. The thing icalled "the Continental lifting stick,"anud' used to take goods from hehind counters nll the shop. man's back is turned. As most people are aware, tie barlocter exhibits daily variations. Ii the tropics these are so regular that the hbar of the day may he ascertained from the heiglht of the mercury without an error of olure than fifteen or seventeen minutes on the Iver?lage. In Great Britain there are two maxilma, occurrinll from 9 to II a.m. anad from i to 11 in m., the two miniima being timeld hfom 3 to 5 a.m. and from 3 to 5 p.ln iut, after examining a series of observations in thle Polar regions, Dr. Buchan finds tihat i the extreme north and south there are only one maxillmuml al one minimum dIluring the day. Thesedata refer to the sea. But in the interior of the Polar contilents there are also :a single mnaxilnmum adllillmulnn, tholgh thlese occur t dillerent tillre of tihe dalilly from the ocean miaximnU and miillilnlun. Sperllepositio of the Iwo sete of v;.riations 1ives : variation like that oldinarily obecrvcd. A poor Quebec blackollith dehl;sree he ha discovede) the "long-lost t a of hardeniugcoi emap|er." A G;osLACIcR Tt I T 11MoVE 47FrtgrA T.AL- A glacier has been foounld in Southern California, of which thesle Ihas een I tradi tion for 0many years. The Los Angeles H0era(!! I sent n expeditin to ivlleC?liate, and0 the tradclitioll was 1erilic ielo. upr i the upper levels of Grayback Mlountain, the greatest of the San i.ernardinto sllngs. a glacier one mile loung andl on the avelage "rll feet in depth was foltl. liThe icy imals, accollinl to compulltatlllions tlmade, mloverc downward at tile rate of 17 feet a year. The British Mlueuln piosesses ia cip of almost fabulous value. It is of golohl and enamel, is adorned with subieCet from tihe life of St. Agnles, and cost ,t ,1te. The cpll delive- mneotuf its interest alnd va~ e froml the facl, that it wa., given to Charles VI. of France in 1391, by his uncle, Jean, Duke of lerri. The cup pli..Iuse afterwards into the po.se-ssion of the King?s, of England, from Henry VI. to Jamots ll., 1wh. glave it, ill l;llsT, to 1)on Julil Selaco, Constable of Catstile. All hopes of recoverieng Ir1. Vanllder.lbilt y.tll. which. it will beu Ielleeted, was recently slunk, aie lying given up. The 11aht is sinking lie ir e etey day ill the l-hilttilg ands upon wli hii h she lies. The new dining:-room ywhich the Queen has had1 built at Osbornlle ioot 2ll i,llltl. This sum does not come from 1the lnation but out of Hellr Majesty's privy 1111 se. l'line Alexalder of T'eck i. lllowing ill Ihe footstepl of his elder brothers, I'linces .ohllphus alnd Francis, and qluahfying to enter the British Army. The pri'ies are thiue of the cheeriet. young fellows ,ue cold po.ibly ihll to meetl, beillng tie, ni..l y, anri true ti?p"- o Englishmnen li 1e I 1 the ill I lSt lii L -tu, nes it the11 trhld i fou.d il Finland, whereit occuls in many places. It is a natural bhu'mneter.anl aIltualy foretells probable clhams.nt- ill tile iall 111. It is callled siemakni. anld tur1ins blil:k hortlyhieftore an alppruichlml rainllll w lei ii ille weIather li is mattled with 'pots of I hitle. It i.s .ud that gas-light ttas Bros exhibited as a curi -ityat the l;o3 I?stn M-enm, Ihs. .un, in 1I13. In 1911 there were It1 lamp-l ill the town, and ill 1 it hadll 1,139 gas lawl d.76i oil llus,. Electirn lightint.g is o.n taking theb palee of. g.a in many l,.sali tie in tilhe city. l oll-lu i- nowli lightli by 1,117 electric light-, 0,9117 gas, an :2,s7S of other description.. Brigandage is cruelly carried out in the Turkish prooince of Epirus. .A uhral.iian family had been carried l tf, all, nor being able to raise the £ali5 ('l'urki-h) demanded, as their lanllOllm, the family have been nlassacred. There is in St. Mark's a celebrated loaa of black glass, enamIelllc ill varions colours anl gold. No one quite knllos its age. It is -aid to be more than eight, hundre.I years ol :; and it is asslmled that, this very piee of glaes was taken by the Limoges maker as their muodel for decoratilon. Fro a strict inquiry i noqi ito thie his1ny of arl. we may learn that the figure palnters are hadlyh ever able it) attempt lallld.aleI paIinting, rol, that, with one or two excep tions, the great lallds.caple pailnters have allways bee, able to paint figuires extremely nt ell.--,n, 'r. Scientists have esltimateld tlhat every year a layer equal to fourteen feet of th el otire *urfa1 e of all o111es and othllier waterl i of vapour, to fall ias rain and again flow back into the sea. The Emp1ress of Austria is the owner of the handsome?t black pearls that ei-st. She use1I formerly to exhibit tlheml ill her hair onil all State uccasions. Queen Victoria ha, ai neeklaee of pink pearls, which aire con1 sidered the most beautiful of their kind. Baroness tlustave de Rothschild'ls eollar of pearls, worn by heic at the opera, is valued at £40,00011. Thie most beautiful pearl is generally supposed to be thie one which the French traveller, M1t. Tvernie, tlhree centuries ago sold to thile Shall of l'eria,and which is still in the Iposeesion of the rulers of Persia. Tile price wn1s :l,:375, 1iuif. Another Eastern potentate posseses it pearl of 1,274 carats it is quite tr nsplrentl, and is valued aIt t,ftlllIltfr. A fine Oliental Ielarl is the one iln the possession of the Pr0ince. 10 hnUll, anlIt wlhich is f.ollulls for ito unique colour. In the 3year Itit this pearl was Oild by lGeorhibs t rom Calais to l'hilip IV. of Sin0il for 80,tball ducats : its value is now considerled I,'2,tllnfr. 1'oie Leo XlI. has I pearl which i.O valued at 1s0,000tifr.; andi tilhe ElIllrcs Frederick,. 'retofl' of thirty-two Ilairls is valued at 873,000fr. TiU VALett tIt' T..l-Thi e Vice-P 0 esident of the Poaris iSociety of 'llPharmacy, i1. lBurker, 1a11 given tile leIhelR th illc Iolle ol of SO er rcet analy e3s of ten. Lfe Onid?es aoiolnlt of Ihcinei it coltaisil llut in the case of greeln tol, lde .1i' the onml1ercial value mllOt be estiln.ted by the quantiity of of taonin. One wonhli a10e thought, that, fiom the poilnt of view nf the enluoisseour of teo, those samples whi h colltain the least proportion of tanni wouIo0hl be preferred.- The Duake of Poorthild, havinguadded i,0110 acres to his sholotillg ii'eser'e.-, Ias now 123 slluarl miles of hind 1toersre :for sport. There is thisdilerenco, at least, beiseen Spolitician and ii .talesman. " A states m in s is the Parlianmentiry cantlidate who gets to the head of the oll ,itid has the proud hononrl of haking halids Oriih " Mr. Speaker." "A lioliticilnl" is I11 defealtd Olllolunt. A mal who hhies auotiler at di11. a week to do work whicl brinie in Iuly dIe. Il week is aphilanthropist. ihut if lIe hires ,i0fi men01 at the 1am1 rats le iihas an iconie of £30 .1 w0ek a0n1 becomes "a tyranlicial monopolist." This i5 the differentiation between labour and capitn!. All engine-driver .-0,13 'ht men ill hi' blisiliess can llwayll j,.. .1the 1 .' diio of lhe'i eighine1 bh" I ... . ile- 111it 51hile Inllnlllg. Eveli 0.?,,,,-, whhrh Itationary or locomoti'e, has a particulhr tone of its own. The engineer becomes aeclustomed to that, and any departure from it at once excites a suspicion that all a inot right. The engineer imfy not know what is the matter, he may have no ear for susie, but the change in tone af his machine will be instantly perceptible, and will start him on an immediate investiga.tion. Much of the fancifully-cut paper used by confectioners in this country is made at a a prisio near. Berlin. The largest artificial stene in the world forms the bas aof the Barthaldi Statue of Liberty on Ihrdloe's Ileand, New York IHarbour. This immense stone was made from broken tp reeock, sand, andi American cenmelt. Five hundred car-loads of sand anl over 2(1,0t51 barrels of celent were used in manufacturing the monster. Amongst the members of the present House of Commons are .is merchants, 57 imanufacturcrs, 18 brewers and distillers, II inedial men, and53 Ai my andNavalollicers. Those hlo can be rightly termed land owners number about SO. A Cincinnati man is reported to have eaten over 3311 lemons in two monthll to cure rheulnatism. He is now in a preenrious con dition. Qaie a craze-n-nd a very interesting one \--Ih. comeovcr the French gardeners. They have suddenly begun to bend all their energies to the creation of new flowers and the acclimati.-ation of such as have never before been cultivated in France. Among the latter sa n flower fromi Central America (as yet aloamed in France) which changes its eolour three times a day. It is white in the iorllillng, gets pink at noon, and turns a lovely blue whel, the sun is etrtil lg. 