tfhildtcuo Column. LITTLE MR. QCIMBO. rode out of the inn gates iii -Santa Carnova, a little, dirty Mcxicin town away down in south-western Texas. You needn't look on your inafjs lor it — 1 never could tind it on one yet, and you cannot. Dut of all the HleonJi tioned towns I ever saw this ranks among the Well, as I said, I rode out of the gateway such an inn as you would imagine, but a plain, urtiily. square, flat-roofed structure built of adobes— a kind of sun-dried bricks. There was an archway leading to an ill-paved court, and as I rode out I gave Rangoon the rein. A proud head, two ajert ears, a silky bright bay coat, four swift, restless feet, a frame of No one ever ruled him but I. and he scorned all laws but the law of love. If yon own horses, boys, make them love you, and you have stanch friends— truer, sometimes, than human ones — who will not fail you iu time of ueed. Rangoon loved me ; lie obeyed my voice or signal ; I could guide him by word if uecessary. He saved my life mauy times, and at last .rave his own for mine. But of that I will not toll now. I rodeat full gallop down the dirty, narrow street. I was Mad to sec the last of the dingy houses, to leave the road, and to strike off on the trail that led north-east across the prairie. Manv Eastern lioys know nothing of the ? - *i ? I I r |.:° „„,!„ uraines — the wide. »rau-i, lar-ie.u-iiiiij:, unuu laiing lands that lie ..11 through the south west and west. All, that morning I he world seemed us fresh and sweet as on the morning of the Creation. The prairie was a mass of flowers — the air iudeseribably pure and ex hilarating. The sun rose to meet me, slanting .rnlHfiilv over the tons of the lonjr swell Rangoon had buckled down lo hi= day's work, going forward with the lung, easy, loping gallop natural to him. I rode all the morning. The sun crept up and up the sky, and al noon I camped down in the timber by a s« U narrow creek for dinner. I was iu a hurry that day. I wanted to be in Mendius by noon on the morrow ; I had many a weary mile to get over and expected the prairie to U; n y bedroom for the night. I liked company too well generally to travel alone, but I was taking a crosscut to meet the doctor, whom I expected to find at the inn in iJeodios. Well, when the sun l«i«an to decline in the west I was still iu the saddle and gallupiug on to the north east as 1 had been all day. I was tired ; so was Rangoon. He slackened suddenly to a slow trot, threw ay his head, and sniffed the air. Just then something singular happened. A child's cry, faiut but cold chill crept over me. Just consider. I habitation and I did not know what to make of it. Rangoon stopped short. That try again ! A long-drawn pitiful cry ; it made my hair stand on end. I don't know whether 1 thought it was a ghost, or what ; but nothing ever moved me before or tsiuce as I was moved at that moment. It was suusct, too, and the dusk of the evening was beginning to envelop all things. The wide, far-reaching prairie lay ou nil sides ; no human being was near ; uo emigrant waggrni would pass this Bowers waved silently in the fresh wind. I tried to start Rangoon along I said to myself. ** It is a coyote or a prairie dog ;' but common sense toid me itetter. Suddenly Bauiroou turned short- round aud dashed off to the Teft. lie took the bit in his teeth, put down his bead, and bolted. What under the sun possessed him I could not tclL Foraltout three minutes he galloped like uiad through the tail grass, and then brought up with a jerk. What did I see * A. little fellow about three years old, standing in the tall grass which was as high as his head. He had beaten it down all round him. A wee little man alone on the lonely, darkening prairie, with none but God and Uie angels to watch over and defend him. He looked up into my face with a pair of the brightest eyes I ever saw, and said, ' Well, 1*8 dot most tired out ! I t'ought nobody wouldn't never turn. ? You's been a most awful long time, Mr. Man !* I never said a word. I couldn't ; some thing choked me. I reached down, pulled the little fellow up, and set him in front of me. Tbcn I reined Rangoon back to the trail I bad left. ** I -less I'm some tirsty, Mr. Man,' ssid tlie wee mite ; and, still without a word, I 'I dess I'm some hungry, too,' he added ; and then, looking up in iny face, he observed, ' Has you lost your tongue, Air. Man **' *'Xo,' said I; but I could hardly smile. Do any of vou realize, its I realized then, the probable fate of tills innocent child left alone on the wide prairie at nightfall * *' How did you come here, child *' said L ' I's little Mr. Quimbo,' he explained with dfeniLy. ' I did turn in a big waggon wiz a white top, an' I looked a walk, an' I wcat all aseepy, and gj« moruin'T de waggon w^ all gone.' ' Who was in the waggon *'* ' My papa 'n' i'a.r»at course,' he answered with complacency; 'an' Sam; he's a. black man. An' my kitty,- an' Bo Peep. He's a lamb. Bo Peep is.' ' What's your papa's name !'' 'Papa's 'houey1— zit what mama says.' 14 Nothing eke T asked L ' Nnffi' 't alL S'pose I don't know ♦' said the midget. ' Where were you going in the l»ig waggon ?' Here little Mr. Quimbo *ras at fault. He said his papa was going to a big river, but he Plainly there was nothing for it but to aonvey little Mr. Quimbo lo Mendios, wbere I might possibly obtain information of the traggoo. I camped down soon, for it was too btc to search further for timber, picketed Rangoon near by, and rolled the child and invseff in the blauket. 'I didn't sleep much, but the little fellow liardly stirred all night. Toward morning Rangoon slipped his halter, and came and lay down close to me, treading circumspectly, for fear of hurting me. After he laid himself dowu be slreteh&l; his long neck over and sniffed at the child with au air of astouish ' ii 3 all rijilit, old fellow,' said I sleepily. ' We'll take cure of him, wont we, Rango-m !'' I dozed and waked till the western bky turned darker blue, the east a lighter grey. The stars pai.d and went out. The cast turned pink, then ro-y and golden s.ieaks shot uV. It « -it sunrise. A fr^li u-iud blew aciooS the flower prairie. I rose; so .lid Rangoon. Tlie cliilil still slept. I was iuvi-stigating tlie oiutculi of my kuapsjek, iiml n'onderiujl whether it woulii klv to stop to shout and cook j^imc, lor 1 «ai ID haste, when a bliout of laughter made me The yount; --H^inip was hanging for dear life Ranizonu was aniazed. He pax'c a jump aud uhirl ul.iel, 6»UUL' the child ;.l.out like R father; but the boy still LuiKlit-d and would n°' llLf'iny soul, chil.I : The horse might kick I lie life- out of )oo !~ I cried, aiul spruuj: to the leseue. l-ut Hani;uo:i knew betu-r. Ho »lolil»-d, UiJ back his ears, and shouk his bead. I got the midget away, ami gave him him a fatherly caution. Then breakfast, and a fresli slait. Little Mr. Quiinlio chattered like a ni^m-iie. Hat toward noon he grew bleepy, ar.il liy tlie tiuie I struck the liroaii, quiet street of Meudios he The inn was quite i'tiposiug. Sonic of the w iudows bad balconies. It was built iu a hollow euuaic with a Urtf pavod court in tl middle. There was a fountain iu the court. You entered under a part of the house through an arched piLSpaye, ant] the clanp of Rangoon's hoof, ou tlie Uagi opcufd uide tillic Mr. QuimWs eyes. ' Has you dot dere. Mr. Man _?' Mas his s&luta; t :on. 'Where s m\\* |-ap-i 'n mania? ! : I felt uneasy. What if I couldu't fir.d I them t Out came the host with many low bows and Spanish couiplimenU. Out also came a, ragged old woman who said she would take my horsc. ' Is seuor the doctor here V' I asked in ?Spanish. Before be could answer the doctor's portly ' Ransom, my dear fellow, you've been for ever and a dny. Here I've spent two ni'hts in this wretched old place. But, my dear fellow, whose child is that ?' ** I *s my papa 'j-' mama's child ' said diTii lied little Mr. Quid .bo. ' I picked liini up on the prairie, doctor. Do vou know anvtbing of an immigrant waggon that has pissed hereabouts?' ** They're ull over creatiou ; you might as well seaivh for a needle -in a haystack,' said the doctor philosophically. ' Hold on, out of here early this morning. ' He enquired in Spanish of the attentive innkeeper. 'Si, seaores^-aud in it was the Senor Hayes, his wife, who seemed like one dis traught, aud a rascally negro. Then go to Broad's much ; it is uot far from here, tire miles dowu the §an Saba.' fellow,' said I to the doctor. ' 111 be back Aud down the narrow trail b\T the .San Salia I galloped at the top of Kangoon's speed, with little Mr. Quiiubo on the pommel of the saddle. By-and- by we saw the ranch, on a knoll overlooking -i beud on the stream. ' Dere's zat wag-'on now,' remarked little Mr. Quimbo. '1 de*s I t'ink its pretty not to speak to 'c;n V A negro sat idly on tlie shafts ; a lamb was tied to one oE the waggon wheels by a long rope The negro looked up as we rode through the gates, jumped several feet, and gave a shriek. lmi, iii— ynr: name is: Liar ne is now, dis yer minute '. Oh, lors-a-uiassy. Mars' Hayes, whar is you, anyway ! Hi ! Mars' Saves ! come ont byar, utiick, dis minute !' Aud he performed around Rangoon a war d d.nce startling to behold. Two men rushed to the door as I ascended the steps, the child in tuv arm?. ' Stranger — *!od bless you; where 'd you coTne by that boy * Tell uie quick !' Hi; seized me «nd the ch Id together. ?' Is he yours ?' asked L ' He's my brotlier Abner's. Abner, come hero,' the man called through the house. a time as we've had here since Abner and bis wife come this tuornin.9 She's uigh about crazy cause they lost the boy on the prairie, an' she goed on like a cre'tnr' possessed. There now.' cry — a eob — and little Mr. Quimbo was snatched ont of my aruifi. When Mr. Hayes had set his wife and boy op the settle — for she nearly fainted away — be made i charge at me. Everybody else made a charge at the same time* Two or three got hold of my bauds at once, and they were nearly shaken off in the excitement aud gratitude of these good people. ' Hold on bold on,' said 1 when I got my breath. ' It's all right, friends, but I am a bashful fellow, you. sec, and this is all quite too much, you understand.' In a hearty laugh that followed the tears were wipnl away, and the men became com posed. Broad's ranch that afternoon, and I left next day nnder strict promise to see them again whenever I came that way.— St. Xidtola*. 