C0BB]SS3PGHX»EHCE. Answers to Questions. Ihqotbkb (Bowral).— 'The New South 'Wales Municipal' Directory end Local Government Blue-book ' contains, besides much other useful information, rules for debate. The price is 5s, and it is published by Messrs. Turner and Henderson, 16 ani 18 Hunter-sfriJet. Of course, f ou should ask for the latest edition. The book al*o c stains legal decisions re municipal mattera. T. B. (Queensland).— The Directory shows that nearfy every town of any importance in New South Wales, and, of course, well supplied \rith public- houses (width appear to increase as population increases, or even when it . doesn't) , has cne or more cordial factories. It would be a difficult matter to comply with your request. It is eug gesled that an advertisement in the Sydney Mornini Ilerald stating that you wish to start such a factory, and asking for communications from towns in want of one, might lead to the desired result. . A. W. — No; certainly not. If a husband leaves his wife for fire years or SO, die cannot get married again unless phc first obtains a divorce and waits until the rule of divorce is made absolute. However, by an Act to amend and extend the Law of Divorce, pasted on March 24, 1602, divorce can be obtained for wilful desertion for a period of three years and upwards. If any person con tracts a mairiage whfle her husband is alive, no matter ?what he may hare done, she cannot marry again until freed from that marriage. Ekquibeb (BaUiurft).— You were asking some time ago the cost foT subscription, to 'The Electrician,' and the terms were mentioned as obtained from what is usually considered an authoritative referecce work. It is stated that 31s per annum was given as the annual subscription. ?' The Electrician,' Printing and Publishing Company, Limited, Salisbury Court, Fleet-street, Loudan E.C., however, inform us that the subscription of 'The Electrician ' from London is 26s per annum, post paid, and not 31m per annum. Betby. — An illegitimate child should bear its mother's name, but if the child should grow -:p to be a man and ' he married under another name, eueh marriage will not . be illegal, and the children of euch marriage will be perfectly legitimate. The 13th clause of the Mairiage ' Act says : — ' No marriage shall be deemed to have been unduly celebrated by reason only of mere defect or error in the declaration made respecting the same where the ? identity of the parties to the marriage shall not le in question.' The maker of a.fa'jse affidavit is liable to punishment for perjury. Takneby (Eedfern). — To tan skins : Kangaroo, wallaby, opossum, &&— Collect Borne wattlehark, and make a strong decoction, either by boiling or steeping. If you have a tannery near you, it will be easier to buy a ? bushel of crushed bark. ' Before you steep the skins scrape off all the -fleshy part*. A large square water tight case is preferable to a hogshead, for it is best not to double the skins up mere than can he helped. Look at the eking once a week, and not only scrape them oVer again, but charge tfce liquor. The same liquor will do if you boil and skim; It will take nix: weeks to tan large skins. For 'possumskins a month wdil be enough. A. L. C. (Meroo).— 1. The conditions of enrolment of can didates for the police force, New South Wales, do not make any reference to the candidates being single or married. They muKt be under 30 years of age. The superannuation clause is ae follows: 'All members of the police force subscribe 3 per cent, of their salaries to a superannuation fund, from which pensionsand gratuities are payable to members of the force who are over GO years of age, or who may be certified by the Police Medical Board to be unfit for further service. Widows o.f members of the police force are also entitled to gratuities from the police reward fund.' Make application to Inspector General of Police, Phillip-street, Sydney. You can obtain at that office a copy of the conditions qf enrolment of candidates. 2. You can obtain Kendall's poems at any of the leading booksellers. The price quoted at Messrs. Turner and Henderson's, Hunter-street, is 7s -kL X.Y.Z. (RvLstone).— The course of procedure in taking out a patent is too lengthy to be inserted in ' Answers to Correspondents.' Application!* for Letters Patent i.e. complete applications, should comprise (I) A receipt from the Colonial Treasurer of £6 ; (2) A petition addressed to the Governor in the form prescribed by law; (3) A copy of the specification and drawings attached to the petition ; and (4) An accompanying letter enumerating the name and number of the documents annexed. Your . best course would be to send to the Government Printer, Phillip-street, and obtain e, copy of 'The Law and Practice of New South Wales Letters Patent ; ' by A. G. Taylor. The price is 2s Cd. It would be advisable if the patent is likely to be valuable, to obtain the services of a patent agent. The cost would be, inclusive of the £5 already mentioned, probably about £12, but a good deal would depend on the tune and trouble involved. Kovicb.— The origin of the superstition respecting pea cock's feathers being1 unlucky cannot be ascertained, but .perhaps some of our readers may be able to furnish the information. The bird was the royal bird of Juno, and was looked upon by the early Christians as a type of a glorified body. The expression 'Let him keep peacock to himself,' means ' Let him keep to himself his ec centricities.' When George TIL had 'partly recovered from one of his attacks, his Ministers got him to read the king's speech, but he ended every sentence with the word ' peacock.' The Minister who drilled him said that peacock was an excellent word for ending a sentence, only king's should not let subjects hear it, but should whisper; it softly. The result was a perfect euc . cess; the pause at the end of- each sentence had an excellent effect. *' By the peacock I' was a common oath, which at one time was thought sacred. The fabled incorruptibility of the peacock's flesh caused tiitTbird to . be adopted as a type of the resurrection. W. N.— If you have tried caustic and acetic acid for your warts, it in not known -what else you can try. The daily touching of the point with any of the ordinary escbaro tics, such as the sulphate of iron or copper, nitrate of silver, or lunar caustic, or strong acetic acid, should in a short time destroy them. The wart should be pared down as much as possible. In using caustics, care must \- be taken not to aaply them too freely or too often, as they are liable to be over-stimulative, when the wart, in stead of being reduced in size, is often very greatly en larged. Warts are sometimes removed by means of a ligature, a piece of silk or fine thread being passed round the base and then tied tightly, so as to cut off all circula tion through the excresenee, when the wart, in conse quence of this strangulation, falls off in a few days. 'Warts sometimes -fonn on the nose, eyelid, and other parts, whence they should be immediately removed, but in some instances the knife is the only remedy within the \- power of the surgeon to use, caustic being employed after the excision. C.H.K. (Cudgellico).— The quantity of brickwork in the 'walls mentioned equals lOfSft'rods of reduced brickwork. The number of bricks wul, of course, vary according to size of bricks and thickness of mortar joints as shown by the tables at the end, but taking the standard London stock brick 8Jin. by 4£in. by 2|in., and* with an average joint the number required per rod will be about 4500, or r say 48,500 required for wall. ' The {following is taken fzom Thickness Gauge of] . *-T~T7~i Zi „ , . I of he^ht I** Bod. PerCubieyard. mortar of four ? . ? __ 'Points, courses. Bricks. Mortar. Bricks. Mortar. fofl. Inches. No. Cub. ft. No. Cub. ft. ( 111 4516 j ... t 470 ) Z } ] 12 4358? 49 { 384 J 4'32 ( 12* 4162) ... ( 869 j ? ? (Ill 4546} ... .' 470 ) ... ' i \ 12 . 4336J 71 | 384 } 6'26 ? ? '( 32j \ 4182 J I ... '( 869 ) The rod of reduced brickwork is 16'6 by 16-5, which equals S72jft. superficial, 13$in. thick, or 306 cubic feet In walling, the reduced foot is usually taken as to require 17 bricks. Technical questions of this description should be referred to practical experts, such as building sur veyors, &c.; Miles (Drake).— Besides the tournaments referred to in last week's issue -the New South Wales Cavalry Begi ? ment .organised one at Rosehfll on 22nd and 23rd January, 1892, at which the intercolonial competitors were repre sented by strong teams from Victoria and Queensland, and all parts of New South Wales, although at each of * . the above-mentioned tournaments each colony cent some v representatives, but not eo many as in 1892. New South Wales sent a team of cavalry to compete in. Victoria in ' Jane, 1887, and in July, 1892, a team of cavalry and field artillery also competed at Melbourne. In July, '92 a team . .of New South Wales cavalry, end -also mounted infantry, , took part in a military tournament at BriEbane. The re vival of the military tournaments on the present ex tensive scale was commenced by holding a tournament at the Agricultural Hall, Islington, London, in June, 1679. Prior to that time tournaments were held in certain dis tricts, notably at liiybridge. One of a very successful character was held at York in 1878, in aid of local chari ties. It was organised bv Colonel Shaw HellkT (com manding 4th £ragoon Guards), who was always an advocate of holding finnnqi tournaments. Naval and military athletic sports have been held in this and other colonies prior to that organised by the Sydney Lancer* in 1886, but no mounted arm of the service competed tntil that date. Make!/ -Balmain).— In, the marriage ceremony, how the ring came to be us d is not well ascertained, as informer days it did not occupy its present prominent position, but was given with other presents to mark the completion of a contract. Its form is intended as a symbol of eternity, \- and of the intention of both parties to. keep for ever the 6o!emn covenant into which they have entered before God, and of which it is a pledge. When persons were . betrothed as children among the Anglo-Saxons tiie bride groom gave a pledge cr 'wed' (a term from which we derive the woid.' wedding'). Part of this 'wed' con sisted of a r jig, which was placed on the maiden's right hand, and there religiously kept until transferred to the other hand at the second .ceremony. Our marriage ceremony ia very nearly the same as that .used by our forefathers, a lew gbsoiete words only being changed. The bride was taken ' for fairer, for fouler, for better, for worse ;' and promised ' to be buxom and bonny,' to her future husband. The bride groom put the ring on each of the bride's left-hand fingers in turn, saving at the first, ' In the name of the Father;' at the second, 'In the name of the Son;' at the third, ' In the name of the Holy Ghost ;' and at the fourth, 'Amen.' The father presented his sonin law with one of his daughter's shoes as a token of the transfer of authority, and the bride was made to feel the change by a blow on her head given with the shoe. The husband was bound by oath to use his wife well, in failure of which sl:e might leave him ; yet, as a point of honour, he was allowed 'to bestow upon his wife and ap prentice's moderate cas-tigation.' An old Welsh law telle is that three blows w;th a broomstick on any ' p ut of the perron except the head is a fair allowance,' and another provides that the stick be not longer than the husband's arm, nor thicker than his middle finger. 