A BURIED SIN. 'I had to order the clerk to shut the door and he did it, with much noise and difficulty, for the sabbath breaker thrust a piece of wood between the hinges, which the man being old and near-sighted, did not discover for some time. The reckless profaner of God's day and God's house was your son, Lord Ferrars.' The earl bows again. The Reverend Felix looks at him angrily, indignant at his unsympathetic silence. 'Surely it is unnecessary I should endeavour to awaken your lordship's appre- hension of paternal duty.' 'What duty, Mr. Pendexter ?' 'To restrain your son in the violation of laws, human and divine, more particularly the latter,' cries the priest, warmly. 'Lord Ferrar's behaviour in the church is unpar- donable, sacrilegious, blasphemous. And the mischief of so high an evil doer's example is incalculable.' 'I deplore the evil behaviour, and the bad example, but I am powerless to prevent their repetition.' 'Powerless ?' 'Quite so. I am sorry to confess, Mr. Pendexter, that my boy's father has less in- fluence with him than the merest stranger.' A transient emotion of pity for the noble man softens the priest's heart towards him. 'What is to be done, then? Can you suggest any course ?' 'None, unless you feel inclined to try your own persuasive powers,' and the earl glances through the open window, ' but Iwarn you, he is as likely as not to invite you to single combat with those same boxing gloves, the issue to decide the question of further irreverent interruptions. He would doubt- less consider you bound either to accept or to confess yourself an unworthy member of the church militant. The Rev. Felix Pendexter glances across the lawn to where Lord Ferrars and the stable helper are having five minutes 'rough and tumble', by way of concluding the morning's pastime. The helper is a perfect giant, twice his opponent's weight, sturdy, thickset, with brawny arms like a blacksmith's, the hard muscles standing out in knotted cordage. In this description of boxing superior strength gives him the advantage, and he has had so much the worst of the encounter hitherto he is eager to make the most of it. His blows fall like the strokes of a flail, but they are parried or evaded. Lord Ferrars springs round him, cool, alert, awaiting his opportunity. It comes—a quick blow, de- livered with lightning speed, straight from the shoulder, and the helper lies prostrate. The clergyman turns away, shuddering faintly. For a second imagination places him in the helper's place, and he sees himself occupying an undignified and unclerical position prone on the soft turf. 'There is nothing to be done then,' he says sadly. ' Nothing.' So priest and peer shake hands and separate and the earl muses for a time deep in reflection. 'I will give him another chance,' he mut- ters, ' but Abercrombie and Darrell shall help me to select the next tutor.' ' You have hitherto chosen from the wrong sex, my lord,' says a voice behind him, a voice of cold severity, frigid, emotionless, unsympa- thetic. 'What do you mean, Mrs. Carew ?' Mrs. Carew responds with a question. 'Do you remember a period in your own early history,' she asks,' when your career was one to cause your friends deep anxiety ?' My lord of Malbreckthane winces at the interrogation. It arouses memories which haunt his life—unquiet ghosts of the past, which are ever ready to lift their shadowy hands and point at him with silent accu- sation. 'Well ?' he answers, gruffly. 'What brought about your reformation ?' ' My marriage.' ' The inference is easy,' says Mrs. Carew. 'Nothing but a happy marriage can save Fer- rars from ruin.' My lord's thoughts revert hastily to his previous conversation with Mrs. Dampwick, the housekeeper, and he mutters with bated breath, a word or two that are not intended for Mrs. Carew's aristocratic ears. He be- lieves that if his hopeful son were asked at this instant to define a happy marriage, he would do so as a union with Clara Markham the under housemaid. Mrs. Carew turns to the window and watches a young girl who is crossing the stretch of lawn. Her swift movements are singularly graceful yet dignified; the June sunshine glints on the yellow gold of her un- covered head, and as she laughingly seizes Lord Ferrar's hands and begins to untie the strings of his boxing glove, one may see that she is very sweet and fair. It is Blanche Carew. ' They make a handsome couple, do they not ?' comments her mother. The frigid tones are less emotionless than usual, they have a ring of meaning, and the earl detects it. 'It is possible you have thought he might marry Blanche ?' It would be Mrs. Carew's turn to wince at the directness of the question if her strong features were wont to tell tales. She has led the first card in a game upon which all her hopes are staked, but at present it would not be wise to show her hand. ' He is much too young to marry anybody and, certainly, I should not dare to confide Blanche's happiness to his keeping.' ' The love and the influence of such a girl might save him,' says the earl, thoughtfully. And Mrs. Carew turns away lest any trace of the exultation she feels may be visible. Of the game upon which all her hopes are staked the first trick is hers. CHAPTER III. Of all friendships commend us to that of the dear old college days, when we rode each other's horses, drank each other's wines, abetted each other's misdoings, and lived like brothers. Of all cosy dinners of two commend us to those served in quaint rooms of our university towns, rooms disorderly and bookstrewn, with the old monastic colour about them. Dinners ordered by a grave college don, epicure and bon vivant; eaten whilst gay laughter, merry shouts, the chorus of a drinking song, float across the quadrangle; and we and that dear old boy pause with uplifted glasses to listen and grow young again. Of all wines commend us to those our host, acting as his own butler, will produce from great dusty bins in huge, cool vaulted cellars, handling the cobwebbed bottles with tender care, and decanting them as though the pre- clous golden drops were his life blood. So they are, the blood of a richer, fuller life than that of the present; a life of wild, foolish freaks, of fierce town and gown riots, of hairbreadth escapes from prowling proc- tors. How the youngsters would stare if they could hear us talk ! How the subtle delicate aroma of the wine quickens our recollections I Do you remem- ber Tom Jervis, who thought himself insulted at one 'wine,' and proposed a duel with a bundle of rockets he had smuggled into his room? Poor Tom ! he was killed at Balaclava. Goyne Jeffries! What, the man who was rusticated for playing the maddest pranks every night for a fortnight, finishing by the adulteration of Professor Brown's coffee ? The little man, you know, drank ten cups every night, and the stuff put in them made him so unwontedly agile he danced a hornpipe opposite old Sextus's door, to what he called panel accompani- ment, thumping it, that is, with a thick stick. You remember old Sextus? When he came out, looking Jove's thunderbolts, the professor said that he had discovered the secret of perpetual motion. Goyne Jeffries ! Well, well, and you say he is the celebrated Judge Jeffries now. Wonders never cease. There is little Spiffkins, who could not say 'Boh' to a goose—Miss Mary we called him. Now he is the finest pleader in a criminal case on circuit. And that rabid Protestant, Dolly Stanhope, has gone over to Rome, and Slowcombe Jester, of King's, the fool par excellence, is a bishop.' With some such talk as this the earl and his friend chat over their wine. In the days of which they speak, Abercrombie and he were inseparable, so much so they went by the sobriquets of Mind and Matter. It was the truest bond of union, that of op- posites; their dissimilarity was the firmest bond of friendship. Many a mad orgie they assisted at, and came away scatheless, either by reason of the intellectual force of the one or the brute strength of the other. 'You supply biceps, old man. I will find brains.' That was their simple contract, and it worked to admiration. The earl wants his old comrade to find brains now. 'The sins of the fathers are visited upon the children,' he cries bitterly. 'You re- member what I was thirty years ago ; what I should have been without you to keep me in order. Multiply the headstrong impulsiveness, the love of mischief, the reckless disregard of consequences by ten, and you have a pretty correct picture of Ferrars. 'Hal,' says the other and the old boyish diminutive falls soothingly upon the earl's ears, 'can you not work upon the lad's affection?' A twinge of pain contracts my lord's rugged features. 'Heaven knows whether the boy has any filial affection left. When he was young I neglected and,' (the speaker's voice sinks very low) 'almost hated him for his mother's sake, do you understand ? When he grew older, and I saw what a wild young cub he was, I thwarted him always as far as lay in my power under the impression it was necessary dis- cipline. And now all my influence for good or bad is gone.' 'Are you not tired of a constant succession of tutors ?' 'Tired enough, but what can I do? He is not fit for college ? the boy is densely ignorant. If it were not so I dare not send him. We know what the life is, you and I. If thirty years have improved it in some respects, they have rendered it in others a fitter training-school for a plunger's career. A broken reputation, a wasted fortune, that is all college would prepare him for at present.' 'Then you still hope a resident tutor might accomplish a work of reformation ?' 'Drowning men: catch at straws; the resident tutor is my straw. The difficulty is to find the right Mentor for so truculent a Ulysses.' 'Shall I find him ?' asks Dr. Abercrombie, quietly, but with a confident intonation which causes the earl to look up eagerly. 'The hope you might do so brought me here.' 'Fill your glass,' rejoins the other. I will tell you a story.' The last rays of the setting sun steal through the little triangular panes of the casement, and make a faint glory amongst the decanters. The earl leans back in his chair, composing himself to listen. The reverend doctor plays idly with a little heap of walnut shells, and speaks absently as though he were thinking aloud. 'Did you ever read Tennyson's 'Holy Grail?' Did you picture to yourself the face of the purest of all Arthur's knights, of him who sat in Merlin's mystic chair, 'the siege perilous,' and saw first the vision in quest of which they wandered ? 'Four years ago I first noticed in hall a lad of whom my first thought was that he might sit to a painter for Sir Galahad. His face was a perfect oval, almost womanish in its clearness of complexion and delicacy of colouring, in the perfect arch of the eyebrows and the whiteness of the teeth, but he was considerably above the middle height and his slight, symmetrical figure was stronger than it looked. 'It was the expression that arrested my attention. I never saw so good a one before. I never saw so clear an impress of earnest, noble purpose, of loyal gentleman and chivalric knight, sans peur et sans reproache. ' Sir Galahad I dubbed him on the spot. When I came to inquire his name and family I found the former was Mostyn Howard and the latter a mystery. 'There are Howards everywhere, you know—north, south, east and west. No one knew where the lad spent his vacations, on that subject and all bearing upon his con- nections he maintained an impenetrable re- serve. 'I once heard a half-tipsy gentleman com- moner banter him upon this silence, only a few words somewhat coarsely strung together and I saw the look with which he returned the gibe. I never thought the boy's beauty effeminate after that. There was such a blaze of furious repressed passion in the eyes that the speaker stopped short and faltered an apology. ' Mostyn Howard made but few friends. He worked very hard for one thing, always as though it were against time, and he could waste none in cultivating acquaintances. 'He seemed to have plenty of money and spent it lavishly upon the amusements he al- lowed himself. 'There was rather a contemptuous feeling about him at first traceable to his womanish appearance and close application. One big fellow nicknamed him ' the sucking cherub.' Three months later that man was his warmest admirer. 'Judging from results the ' sucking cherub' must have thrown into everything to which he had set his hand from extreme youth the same determined energy which distinguished him now. 'He proved a capital cricketer, the best bowler of his college and one of the most brilliant bats. The boating men got hold of him one evening after they had seen the style in which he sculled, felt his biceps, and wanted him to train for the university race, but he declined. As for courage and pluck I saw him one night mixed up in a big row with the 'cads' and they went down like ninepins. He fought like Achilles. Well for two years I kept an eye on the lad with a kind of paternal interest. Sometimes he would spend a quiet evening with me. I did not ask him often, for I thought he might find the society of such an old fogie dull. 'Hal, I can assure you he put me to the blush more than once. I have read carefully and assiduously, I have a scholar's reputa- tion, but the youngster's erudition sometimes took my breath away. He had not studied systematically, he must have skimmed very lightly, yet he seemed to have carried away more than mere surface knowledge, to have mastered the subject, in fact. 'It was marvellous; but the secret lay I imagine, in the quiet intensity with which he applied himself to everything. I never remember being so thoroughly impressed by any man's brain power as by his. I predic- ted great things, for I saw he aimed high. I regarded his success as certain when he went away for the last long vacation prior to the exams. 'When he returned there was a change in his face. It was not Sir Galahad's now, it was Lancelot's, all marred and worn by some great passion or some great sin. I could not connect the latter thought with my boy knight; you will smile when I tell you I found a more romantic solution. I believe that he met his fate in that long vacation, and was ' crossed in love,' as the old women call it. 'Be that as it may, he worked fitfully, irregularly. The old knack of concentration seemed lost. He went up for the exams and took honours, but low down on the list. It was a kind of failure—for him. 'His income ceased, he told me, with the payment of his university expenses. He is in London now, earning a bare subsistence, I suppose by literary work. I recognise his style occasionally , in the leaders of one or two of the daily papers. He is worthy a better fate; some day, please God, he will make his mark in the world, I am sure. 'Hal, if you can induce Mostyn Howard to leave London and become your son's tutor it will be the first step towards reformation. Once interest him in the work and I have faith he will carry it through if any man can.' Doctor Abercrombie's tale is ended. The earl reaches across the table and shakes hands with such a mighty squeeze the little man winces painfully. ' Dear old friend, you give me new hope. Where does this wonderful protégé of yours live ? I will hunt him up to-morrow.' 'Surely, you mean to give me your com- pany for a day or two ?' 'Impossible. I am always uneasy away from Freston Castle, haunted by the idea Ferrars may conceive the brilliant notion some day of setting it on fire. I should like to leave by an early train in the morning to catch St. John Darrell at his late breakfast.' The doctor laughs. 'I see. It is a case of Ahithophel and Hus- hai the Archite.' 'Eh ?' 'You think two heads are better than one,' and wish to confer with Darrell.' The earl colours a little. 'I certainly started with the intention of consulting you both,' he says. 'Far be it from me to baulk your intention; it will be by far the more satisfactory course. I will write a note acquainting Mostyn How- ard with the position, you can drop it into the nearest letter-box as soon as you leave St. John, if his advice agree with mine, as doubt- less it will. The note will reach Mostyn in an hour or two, and you can call upon him in the evening, so no time will be lost if you are really so anxious to return home.' So the subject drops, and the earl and his friend fall into disjointed talk of pleasant far- off times as the mists of memory clear and re- veal them. The rare old 'comet' port warms their sluggish blood. They crack their an- cient jokes, fight the old fights, disinter from oblivion forgotten escapades. The two grey- headed men are boys again, boys—and brothers. Late into the night their tireless tongues wag merrily as ever, till they discover with a start how long past midnight it is, and so ascend the worm-eaten stairs in their re- pective rooms. But in the morning they awake, fresh and hopeful as though so many youthful reminis- cences had given a fresh lease of life. They breakfast together, they walk arm-in-arm to the station, brothers still, they look fondly and lingeringly at each other's wrinkled faces as the train steams slowly out. Ah ! there are no friendships like that chosen out of the dear old college days. It is half-past one when my lord of Mal- breckthane presents himself at his kinsman's rooms. A table, glittering with silver, covered with costly dishes, spread with all the delicacies that may tempt a faded appetite, is laid for one. Through the thin walls comes the sound of the splashing and dashing of falling water. St. John's voice shouts that he is in the shower-bath (used in preference to any other both summer and winter from sheer laziness) and will be with tbe earl in a few minutes. Then it relapses into its usual languid monotone, requesting Pepito (his valet) to place a fork and a plate for the unex- pected visitor. 'Good morning Malbreckthane. Have some breakfast.' 'Good morning,' retorts the other. 'I have no objection to a little lunch.' 'Comme vous voulez, monsieur. A rose by any other name would smell as sweet. 'If you arose five hours earlier for example. In that case you might call the first meal of the day by its proper name.' 'An' you love me make no puns, Mal- breckthane. I object to an inquest being held in my rooms.' 'Eh ?' 'I should not like to see twelve grocers, and bakers, and candlestick makers, sitting on the body of a defunct relative, to return a verdict of' Death from unduly stimulating the imaginative powers.' What brings you to town ?' 'To ask your advice in the first instance.' ' My advice ! Malbreckthane, I am an in- genuous youth of only thirty summers. Play not upon the credulity of such a one.' 'I am in serious earnest.' ' Nay, then, let me be serious also. There are two subjects of paramount importance in the eyes of mankind—money and love. I flatter myself you have come to the right person for pecuniary counsel. He who has spent two fortunes, and has nearly run through the third, is a brilliant financial genius of course.' ' It is not a question of money.' 'Tant mieux'. I am still more au fait upon the tender passion. A man who has broken his own heart regularly for the last decade and a half, and the hearts of about a hundred fair damsels within the same period (if the owners may be believed), should be able to advise a lad of your age. You are quite a lad still, you know, in the eyes of matchmaking mammas and marriageable daughters. The title makes you look twenty years younger at least, and every thousand of income knocks a year off your age by their calculations. Who is to be Countess of Malbreckthane ?' ' No one until Ferrars marries.' 'Which the saints forbid till the young lunatic comes to his senses. Neither love nor money then incites you to consult such a Solomon as myself. I will guess once more. It is ambition. Do you want to be ambassador to the Court of China ? Chan- cellor of the Exchequer ? First Lord of the Admiralty? Seeing that your adviser has persistently declined every chance of distinc- tion, social and political, all his life, your choice of him is hardly a happy one.' With the last sentence a slight change comes over the speaker's manner, a kind of chafed earnestness. The earl does not note it. He hears only the careless words and the mocking intonation. His ear is not fine enough to detect the sadness which under- lies the carelessness and mockery. He sees only the broad, white brow, the dark, repose- ful face, the languid eyes, in the depths of which lurks indolent, sarcastic amusement, and he feels irritated with the chosen con- fidant, whose care-nothing air is so un- inviting. ' For Heaven's sake, Darrell, get rid of that look of everlasting boredom. Here am I at my wits' end, worried out of my life and you sneer, sneer, sneer at everything, as though there were not an evil under the sun worth exciting one's self about.' St. John Darrell laughs gently. ' I have never yet found one. But I am not so unsympathetic as I seem, old friend. What is your difficulty ?' Thus interrogated, the earl begins the history of his troubles, describes his interview with Abercrombie, and reproduces in an odd ly distorted fashion, that learned doctor's description of Mostyn Howard. St. John Darrell listens with grave at- tention. Occasionally the ghost of a smile flickers under his drooping moustache as my lord of Malbreckthane makes a sad jumble of historic names and poetical associations, but the supercilious, cynical, ennuyé ex- pression which habitually mars his face has vanished in answer to his kinsman's appeal. 'So if we can secure this Sir Gad-about, as Abercrombie calls him, Ferrars stands a fair chance of finding his match,' concludes the earl. 'What do you think?' ' If Mostyn Howard be what Abercrombie pictures him—a manly fellow, well up in all sports, a good 'all-round' man, only a few years Ferrars' senior, and yet his superior in patience, courage, and dogged determination —the young cub may probably be licked into shape.' 'Bravo!' cries the earl. 'I knew you must see it in that light, but thought it better to take no decisive step until I was quite sure of your opinion. Now I will post Abercrombie's letter of introduction, and towards evening I can put in an appearance myself.' "Stop,' says Darrell, as his companion rises from his seat and commences to hunt for hat and gloves. ' Pepito will post the letter, but have you counted the cost of installing this rara avis, this admirable Crichton, this handsome young tutor at Freston Castle ?' 'I do not care what may be the cost. I shall offer him five hundred a year.' 'Do not be dense, Malbreckthane. It will not be a matter of pounds shillings and pence, but of broken hearts—possibly of stolen meetings and clandestine vows.' ' Eh?' the earl looks supremely mystified. 'If this young fellow has sufficient pluck, dash, energy, and natural force of character to break in the brother, he will probably win the sister's heart during the process. To throw a lad—he is hardly more—of brilliant parts into the constant society of a raw schoolgirl, high-spirited and beautiful, is an act of folly that invites such a catastrophe.' My lord drops into a lounging chair and laughs long and heartily. ' Ha, ha, ha ! Saul among the prophets.' Darrell turned seer and romancist! By jove, if you could only have seen the little puss as she appeared an hour before I left Freston Castle your romantic notions would die an untimely death. She had put on a short frock and was racing Ferrars for a box of chocolate creams. He gave her ten yards in a hundred, and she beat, him. 'Love! The child is a perfect baby still. I almost wish she would fall in love, if only to take away some of her wildness and make a woman of her.' All his companion's listlessness of manner has returned. 'I have cautioned you,' he says, languidly, striking a hand-bell. ' Pepito.' 'Si, signor.' 'Post this letter at once.' ' Si, signor.' 'The Rubicon is passed,' says St. John Darrell, meditatively. "Eh ?' 'How shall we amuse ourselves until this evening ? Are you quite disengaged? What do you say to a turn in the Row? Really Malbreckthane, an eligible young fellow of your age ought not to bury himself in his den at Freston. Come and stare at the belle of the season, man. She is every whit as much in the market as those prize heifers you bought at the Bath and West of England show.' CHAPTER IV. 'Is Mr. Howard at home ?' ' Yes sir.' 'Be good enough to take this card to him and ask—if he will see me for a few minutes.' The woman returns, dropping a succes- sion of little reverential courtesies, and evidently seriously flurried by the presence of a real live nobleman. She conducts him up two flights of stairs, pausing now and again to proffer servile apologies for taking the lead, and ushers him into a large and comfortably-furnished room. There is a table in the centre covered with sheets of manuscript, a pile of foolscap, and books of reference. A young man rises from it and lays down his pen. 'Mr. Howard, I presume?' says the earl, bowing. 'I am Mostyn Howard, my lord. May I wheel this chair forward for you? Not that one'—as the earl is about to appro- priate a slight structure within reach—' it is a delusion and a snare, and has a knack of depositing my visitors on the ground.' 'I fear this visit is an intrusion,' hesi- tates the earl, glancing at the table, 'If you will be less busy—' 'By no means. I am generally hard at work. An old English proverb illustrates my unfortunate position in a not very refined manner, 'Needs must when the devil drives.' You passed his Satanic Majesty in the passage I believe.' ' Eh ?' 'The printer's boy waiting for copy. To what do I owe the honour of a call, my lord?' 'I hoped Doctor Abercrombie's letter, which I posted earlier in the day, would open the subject. Has it miscarried ?' Mostyn Howard glances round the apart- ment. 'A letter was certainly brought an hour or two ago, but I was deep in thought and put it down without breaking the seal. Oh, it is here, on the mantelpiece.' ' If you will kindly acquaint yourself with its contents,' suggests the earl. 'I could wish for no better introduction.' Mostyn Howard hesitates, slightly embar- rassed. 'My lord, pardon me for asking a ques- tion.' ' My dear sir, I will answer forty with plea- sure.' Mostyn laughs. 'Will our interview be a lengthy one ?' 'It will take half an hour, possibly longer.' 'Is your lordship's time so precious that twenty minutes delay will seriously inconven- ience you?' 'Certainly not.' 'Then may I beg the favour of that delay for reasons I will explain afterwards? Here are some daily papers and two or three maga- gines. I will not trespass upon your patience longer than the stipulated time.' Mostyn Howard returns to his manuscript, and my lord of Malbreckthane studies osten- sibly a newspaper, in reality the unconscious thoughtful countenance bent above the blank foolscap. A powerful face, he decides. One of min- gled sweetness and strength; one that impres- ses the observer with a sense of settled and almost stern gravity, oddly at variance with its youthfulness. The strange contrast forces itself even upon so unpractised a physiog- nomist as the earl, and he wonders. The twenty minutes draw to a close. The writer's pen travels quickly, incessantly, and concludes with a flourish. He counts the sheets, folds them, thrusts them into an en- velope, and turns to his visitor, who is watch- ing the proceedings with eyes observant and amused. 'I must leave you for one minute, my lord. Pray pardon me.' The earl bows contentedly. Quick steps descend the stairs and return as rapidly. 'I owe you an explanation.' 'By no means. I am unhappy in not dropping upon your moments of leisure.' 'They are like angel's visits, few and far between. The work for which I had to neglect you is a leader for one of to-morrow's papers. It should have been sent in an hour ago, but I was unexpectedly delayed hunting up some dates.' 'Please do not say another word about it or you will make me feel quite a culprit for intruding at all,' cries the earl. 'Let me commend Abercrombie's letter to your atten- tion.' So Mostyn Howard peruses the note, and the earl watches his face anxiously, but it gives no sign. A keener student of human nature might infer from the thoughtful un- varying expression, masking completely its wearer's thoughts, a constant habit of guarded repression. The note is long, and the reader lingers over it, going through some sentences twice. Then he folds the letter and replaces it in the envelope. ' Well?' says the earl. 'I cannot help you, my lord.' 'But you CAN help me,' cries Lord Mal- breckthane, excitedly. ' Do not make up your mind in that composed way before we have even discussed the matter.' 'I fear discussion will not render it less hopeless.' 'Do you apply the adjective to my son's reformation ?' 'No. I would not abandon hope of so desirable a result.' ' I am almost in despair,' rejoins the earl, sadly. You are my last resource, Will you not help me ?' 'I cannot.' A polite way of saying you will not. At all events, hear my proposition. I will pay five hundred pounds per annum to your bankers so long as you remain at Freston Castle as my son's tutor.' ' It is a munificent offer, my lord, about double my present earnings, but money will not tempt me.' The earl groans. 'Will you take me sufficiently into con- fidence to tell all your objections ?' Mostyn Howard mused a little. 'You may deem them very ungracious, probably.' 'Nevertheless, I would like to know what they are.' 'Then let us assume that I accept your offer. In the first place, I sacrifice inde- pendence.' 'A delusion. You will be in all respects your own master. Your movements will be perfectly unquestioned. You will be re- ceived and treated as a member of my family, and your orders will be respected by my servants as though they were my own.' 'It is a position of great responsibility.' 'Granted. But the responsibility is to yourself, not to me or any other person. If you fail, it is what dozens have done before; if you succeed, you earn my life-long grati- tude.' 'I may be subjected to most objectionable personal indignities from Lord Ferrars.' 'True; but you meet him on equal terms. You have pluck, brains, strength, and my moral support under all circumstances.' 'Even if I be obliged to use violent and unprecedented means to gain supremacy ?' 'Most assuredly. I bind myself to ques- tion no expedient, however extreme.' 'My lord,' exclaims Howard, 'your generosity shames me into confidence, although not compliance. May I tell you a little of my history and of my aspirations ?' ' If you will.' ' I am an orphan. My father was a con- temptible scoundrel to whom I owe nothing save existence. My mother died when I was eleven years old. She bequeathed a small sum in Consols—which came originally from her father, the savings, I believe, from his busi- ness as a woollen draper—to be expended in giving me the education of a gentleman. That sum was exhausted when I left college, save about one hundred and fifty pounds which I preserve for any emergency. 'I distinguished myself less at college than I had hoped to do, owing to a cause into which I need not enter. Want of capital barred all the professions save that of litera- ture. I came to London with scanty introductions. It was up-hill work at first. Now I am making headway. I write for magazines and for the papers, and my articles sell. I begin to know a few literary men who have climbed high upon that ladder at the bottom rungs of which I am stumbling. 'In intervals of necessary work I am en- gaged on an historical novel. It progresses very slowly, for I hope to make a name by it, and I write most carefully. Can you understand how acceptance of your proposal would interfere with my ambition ? I should lose the connection, gained so laboriously, with publishers and proprietors. I should be obliged to relinquish dearly-earned literary intimacies and friendships. Failing in my new aim I must begin again at the very foot of the ladder as I did before.. 'Succeeding I must conscientiously en- deavour to earn a liberal salary by devoting all my time and all my thoughts to the end required. In common fairness the novel must be laid aside, and I am not prepared to sacrifice ambition to either ease or lucre.' 'Nor need you,' rejoins the earl. ' Are you willing to be convinced that the three things are compatible ?' 'Who is not ?' Lord Malbreckthane leans forward in his eagerness. The young man's rejection of his offers makes him the more desirous to secure his services. 'What I hope from your installation as Ferrar's tutor is not the driving so much Latin and Greek per day into his empty cra- nium but a moral influence that will save him from becoming an accomplished blackguard and make him in time, I trust, as true a gentle- man as yourself, Mr. Howard, be your an- cestors woollen-drapers or Plantagenets. It seems to me that if he prove you his superior in those muscular exercises he rates so highly respect for personal prowess will induce de- ference to opinion and example in other mat- ters. In time he might even be persuaded to read with you. Meanwhile the tutorship will be almost a sinecure. Its requirements are comprised in presenting yourself at meals and in taking an interest in such of Ferrars's pastimes as you can share. Many hours daily might be de- voted to literary work. My library, one of the best in England, is at your disposal. Personal expenditure will hardly be more than one fifth of income, so that if you hold this appointment only one year you will save sufficient to afford a long breathing-time. Should Ferrars's insults drive you away in less time my purse and my influence will be at your service and you may rest assured no serious mischance will have befallen your prospects. 'My lord,' says Mostyn Howard, 'you over- power me. I—I— ' ' Accept, I hope,' interposes the earl, trium- phantly. 'Will you dine with me at my club in an hour from now? Will you come back with me to-morrow ?' 'Neither, thanks. I have work that must be done. I can hardly free myself from all engagements in less than a month.' Nonsense. I shall fret myself into a fever in that time. Your rooms shall be ready in a week, and I shall look for a letter every post after that instructing me to send a car riage to the station. It shall not be my fault says the earl, warmly, extending his hand, ' if we are not friends.' 'Nor mine, indeed. I will join you as early as possible.' ' Then good-bye for a week.' 'Good-bye. Let me pilot you down the stairs. There are often traps laid for the unwary in the shape of brushes and pails.' With another vigorous hand-shaking the two men separate. Lord Malbreckthane hails a passing cab, and is driven to his club, feeling gay and hopeful. Mostyn Howard returns to his room, but busy as he professes to be, he throws himself into an easy chair, and thinks. 'Right or wrong,' he murmurs, at length, ' the event must prove. I was growing very weary of this monotonous existence. I shall work the better perhaps with the scent of new-made hay floating through the window, and the sight of green fields to soothe my eyes when I lift them.' It is a bright, sunshiny afternoon when the earl returns to Freston Castle, and the family are at luncheon. Mrs. Carew greets him with a cold bow; she feels aggrieved at not having been taken into confidence as to the object of his journey. Blanche Carew gives him a smile that is like sunshine itself, and that bespeaks a perfect understanding between them. Lord Ferrars nods sulkily; Lady Clare jumps up, and bestows an affec- tionate hug which renders a change of linen imperatively necessary, so seriously do starched cravat and collar suffer. 'Confess !' she cries, 'confess ! Where have you been ? What have you done ? Why did you run away without telling us ?' 'May I not have a morsel to eat before I answer all these breathless questions ?' 'Certainly not. You might refuse, whereas now hunger will compel you to speak. Harris!' ' My lady ?' ' You are not to give my father anything he asks for without my permission. Now, my lord, confess.' He smiles down on the merry, upturned face. With all her faults, this loving, petu- lant, intractable girl is very dear to him. 'Tyrant ! Put your questions one by one.' 'Why did you run away without telling us ?' 'Because an unruly daughter might have insisted on accompanying me. Discretion is the better part of valour.' 'Where have you been ?' 'To Oxford and to London.' 'What have you done !' 'Engaged another tutor for Ferrars.' 'More sport !' exclaims that young gentle- man. 'Clare, I will bet ten to one in boxes of chocolate creams, I drive him away in a month.' 'I shall be careful how I bet with you; the last time you swindled me. Papa, is the new tutor very aged ?' 'No,' says Lord Malbreckthane, smiling. 'Is he a gentleman ?' 'By education and breeding, yes. By birth, no. His grandfather was a woollen draper.' Lady Claire's dainty head is raised a little disdainfully. 'Does this—this person—look at all like the keeper in a lunatic asylum?' 'I never went over a lunatic asylum.' 'You know very well what I mean, my lord. Is he strong, muscular, and all that ?' 'Tolerably so, I think.' ' Then I take your bet, Ferrars.' 'The month to begin from the day of arrival ?' 'Of course.' ' Hurrah ! you will lose again, Clare.' 'It is to be hoped,' says Mrs. Carew, stiffly, 'the disgraceful insults which drove the last tutor away will not be repeated.' ' It is to be hoped,' mimics Lord Ferrars, with curiously correct imitation of the lady's measured and frigid intonation, 'that this gentleman's departure will not be accelerated by matrimonial designs on the part of a certain widow who shall be nameless.' Mrs. Carew looks deeply horrified. 'Surely, Ferrars, you cannot intend that abominable insinuation for me.' ' Surely,' he continues, 'the worst spoke in the wheel always creaks first. Surely she whom the cap fits must wear it.' 'Ferrars,' cries his father, angrily, your rudeness is unpardonable. A lady should be safe from such attacks. You astonish me.' ' One good turn deserves another, my lord. I have often wondered at your proceedings. Mine ought to have ceased to surprise you.' 'They ought, indeed,' asserts Lord Mal- breckthane, sadly. 'Harris!' shouts his son, 'a tumbler of sherry, and fill it to the brim.' 'A glass, my lord?' ' A tumbler, idiot. I am about to propose a toast. Fair ladies—my lord of Malbreck- thane—I am about to give you a toast in the good old-fashioned way. 'Confusion to the new tutor.' He swallows half the wine at a draught as he speaks, and looks round the table. There is a dead silence. 'I pledge myself,' he continues, 'to drive him away in a month. To this task I will devote all my energies, woe to him who interferes.' Mrs. Carew raises her hands in mute des- pair. 'Will no one drink my toast ? Clare, dear little sis, we have pulled through many law- less freaks together. The old life is sweet and pleasant to us both, is it not ? What have we to do with musty old tutors, musty old books, rubbish written ages ago ? Come, join me dear. Raise the glass to your pretty lips, and join me. Confusion to the new tutor,' 'Confusion to the new tutor,' repeats Lady Clare, softly. TO BE CONTINUED. The following programme of matches, other than club matches, has been adopted by the N.S.W. Cricket Association :-November 9, seniors v. 18 colts, at the North Domain ; December 16, 17, 19, 20, New South Wales v. South Australia, at Ade- laide ; December 24, 26, 27, 28, New South Wales v. Victoria, at Melbourne; December 26, Metro- politan v. North Coast Districts, at the Association Ground; January 1, return match with North Coast Districts, at Newcastle; January 6, 7, 9 10, Now South Wales v. South Australia, at Sydney; Jahusry 26, 27, 28, 30, New South Wales v. Vic- toria, at Sydney ; April 3, South Coast Districts v. North Coast Districts, at Sydney. Messrs. Kelly. Garnsey, Davis, Smith, and Camphin were appointed a selection committee to pick the colts' team. 