The Windsor Murder. |foBDE&6 and. the ghosts which natatally follow in their traia have fcom tunfi immemorial possessed an eerie interest for those still in the land of the living. In this prosaic nineteenth century even the ghosts a® not played out, and this is shown t»y the euormoos sale of, * r. St&ad;'s Christmas number of the Review of Reviews. Bat if the general belief m , ghosts has somewhat weakened, the i all-surpassing interest in a murder still remains ; it existed in tis when as children we read of the wicked doings of the homicidal uncle of the bab-s in the wood, and wbea in later days fact surpasses fiction, our = maturer age cannot refuse to give its attention. The most enthralling kind of murder too is one in which the in jured wife or sweetheart is w worked off." It is this class of murder which Is the most produce ire of ghostly phenomena. . A well conducted sweet heart, sp'ritually speaking, who has "stooped to folly," and learned too late that men can slay, i invariably makes a most inter esting .ghost, and a communicative one, too, for in the legend of the Red Barn it will be remembered the spirit i of the murdered girl communicates to ' a relative the date of her decease, j cause of death, place of interment (under the tted Barn floor), and incidentally an unghostly desire to be avenged on her perfidious lover. That spirit of revenge is shared in by the public who object t> the indiscriminate slaughter of yonng wives and sweet hearts. In,the case of other victims the sentiment is not so strong; a traveller occupying the same railway carriage as & spoilt child is quite in sympathy with the cruel but scien tific uncle who removes his juvenile waxd by inoculating him with the cholera microbe. The same mqp could read quite unconcernedly of the murder of an elderly lady, «ho almost certainly was someone's mother-in-1 * w, and it a capitalist were translated by a bomb, the same indi vidual would think of his mortgagees and feel resigned. JBut young wives and sweethearts are not so objection able as spoilt children, so dictatorial I as elderly ladies, or so hard- hearted I as mortgagees, hence the public disfavor which manifests itself in isuch cases. It is this feeling which is intensifying public interest in the Windsor murder, the details of which, as elicited, appear daily in our columns. First there was the dis covery of the body of a voung woman underneath the hearth stone. Then cacue inquiries as to the latest tenants, .the testimony of a carter wjbo conveyed the furni ture from the ship Kaiser Wtlhelm II to the cottage, and so led up to the identification of the murdered woman as a Mrs. WILLIAMS. Since then every movement of WILLIAMS has been traced during his stay in Mel bourne. We know all about the ship, the sale of furniture, the silver mounted ebony walkitig stick, on which, with a sublimit} of effrontery, the murderer seems to have placed his dead wife's ring. It is quite possible this latter unique attachment to a walking stick may lead to his identification. Then, again at-the end of January he was seen in Sydney, in company with '&. woman, who surely could not .know of his iniquity, ( he communica tiveness of his wife on the way out has revealed WILLIAMS' past history, land from far off St. Helens an absolutely correct description of the hunted man will be cabled It I is interesting to speculate where is the wanderer, and what are his emotions as he reads of the discoveries we are daily chronicling. Mis failing as a murderer Seems jfeo have been that of economy ThelQsworth of cement £ym<»othed the surface, but £1 Worth of quicklime was necessary to $eetroy the miff W fiend the unfortunate girl was Wedded; the crime wjas probably planned in Eng land, brooded on during the voyage, aiid duly consummated at the destina tion That it was premeditated none eaa doubt, and the dumb walls of the suburban cottage must have wit nessed a hideously revolting scene, j .BILL SYKES, the typical , ruffian, I flees the house after the murder! of Nakct, bat WILLIAMS strolls oat, porch apes cement and sand, and artistically ^ conceals all traces of His crime. A month's start to such a schemer is a long one, but it is possible « lie may have believed that the body would not be discovered for years, and so have recklessly exposed himse f to observation. If that is so, and lie has remained in the country, his. capture . is assured, for all the passengers by \ the Kaiser Will<elm IL, the people he * met In Melbourne, mid the police are mow upon has traiL *lThe «icfeed flee when no man pursued*," but really Williams has mason to consider it time to beat-a retreat.* 