OUE, MIEESRIGAK LETTER. [Prom our own Correspondent.] New York. October 9. 1892. After a two months' wild orgie of -strikes, armed revolts, defalcations, and most other forms of devilry, with a cholera-panic thrown in just to make- the cup of onr misery full to overflowing, we have jun into smooth water again, and everybody haa settled down to celebrate Columbus in the new world -with befitting fervor. Wive days of this week will be devoted in New York to the festivities, and already the city is bedecked with un told millions of yards of bunting and of flags, and with all sorts of costly and beautiful special de signs. On one day there will be a pro cession of the . school children and civic societies ; on another a parade of the ? military, the firemen, and the police ; on another a grand naval review, in which warships of most of the Great Powers will participate as visitors, and, of course) oh the evening there will be on the Brook lyn-bridge and in the principal squares and parks a colossal display of fireworks, with ageneralilluminationof all the houses and stores. A quarter of a million of visitors hAye already arrived in the icity to take part in the rejoicings, but perhaps* not even London or Paris is better pro vided with facilities for the transient accommodation of guests, and alt-hough the streets are uncomfortably crowded no one has found any difficulty in getting food and shelter.. Columbus may pos sibly, as a poet laureate does sometimes, have turned in. his grave with disgust at the thousands of bad odes and hymns which have been printed in his honor, but if he have indeed any con sciousnesB of what is going on he must have been the proudest of ghosts as he realised that bis memory is being Celebrated with more ceremonial f n«n and feathers than were ever before awarded to mortal man. And next week Chicago will take up the ball, and do its best — but, of course, as we think, in vain— to outdo the splendor of the New York pageants and banquets, while in even the smallest of American hamlets there will be an attempt, more or less successful, to add a tribute to the memory of him who first led the way across the Atlantic to the great western continent. Meanwhile, there is progressing a campaign for the Presidency, but although the nominations were made in ' June and it is now October, the party managers have so far utterly failed to arouse the usual excitement and en thusiasm among the people. There have been no big parades, and comparatively few meetings. Yet the Democrats tell us that the Republicans are plundering the country of countless millions, and the Republicans tell us that if the Democrats win we shall all certainly be -rained. But it happens that forthe first time in American history the candidates have each actually governed us for four years ; and it would be hard to say which man acquitted himself the better. Everyone knows that either will give us an honest clean administration, and has firmness and intelligence equal to any storm that can possibly assail the ship of State. The official platforms purport to show that there is a ' wide divergence of views between the two parties, but in their letters of acceptance the candidates have smoothed off these asperities until it is really difficult to distinguish one from the other. If the Democratic platform meant anything, for example, it meant free trade, and yet Mr. Cleveland now ridicules -? the notion that any intelli gent voter should be 'frightened at the spectre of impossible free- trade.' We may, indeed, confidently expect that, no matter who is elected, there will be no violent and sudden wrench of the exist ing system. It is not easy to get the two branches of the Legislature and the Executive to pull together even for the imposition of duties, but it is far harder to get them to agree to reduce or to abolish them. This is so notorious that manufacturers are -everywhere starting new industries ; and scores of firms have wholly transferred' their plants and busi ness from England and Germany to this country. Four large plush firms, for in stance— the same business in which the famous Saltaire -firm was engaged at -the time it stopped operations-^-have come here, and four of the most important Nottingham lace factories/and an ever growing, number of tinplate establish ments. So deep is the attachment of the working elasses to the Demo cratic party, however, that many of the men-. employed in these, very indus tries will no doubt vote that ticket, but ? only after receivinga pledge that, whatever happens, the Congressman who represents them shall see to it that nothing hurting their -particular interests shall be per mitted to pass. The result -will be that in the event oi Democratic success, when the caucus meets to frame a Bill to modify the McKinley tariff, everyone of the spe cial interests will have a friend at court, and in the end scarcely anything will be touched save articles which, like -some kinds of cotton goods and iron, have almost outgrown the necessity of protec tion. Thus, on certain cottons which are sometimes even cheaper in New York than in Manchester, and which are never more than a half a cent a yard higher, the price ranging from £ to 1 cents a yard, the duty is 6 cenbs a yard. Of course this is absolutely prohibitory, and after the Democrats had reduced it by four-fifths it would be just as prohibitory as ever. The shrewdest observers, therefore, believe ?that the battle of 'protection was really won when the McKinley Bill became a law, and that the only substantial relief : that foreign traders can hope for is by means of reciprocity treaties. And even were it otherwise the Congress now elected will not convene until December of next year, and it would take at least six months to push ' through a revised tariff, and the new Act could only be put into effect after several months' notice ; so under any circumstances the manufac turers will have the field all to themselves for a - couple of years to come. As to other party issues — silver having ceased to be a party question, owing to a pledge having been given by both parties that nothing shall be done which shall cause gold to go to a premium, and the honor of the Government being committed to the preservation of absolute parity between the two coins — there is not. much to be said that would interest Australians. Whichever party wins something will be done, and very speedily, to check the stream of undesirable immi gration. The ruin of Hamburg is a lesson that American cities have taken earnestly to heart, especially as 33ew Yorkers have within the past year been twice threatened (first with typhus and now lately with cholera) with a like fate. To secure escape from these two pests this city has expended many hundreds of thousands of dollars, and the energetic methods employed, while they were, as we think, necessary, have brought upon us a chorusof indignant criticism from all other civilised lands. But even from a merely- political and social standpoint it is very plain that we are receiving more human material than we can assimi late in the body politic. One-fourth of all our voters are now of foreign birth ; seven millions of aliens have come here within the past 10 years, more than 10,000 having often arrived in the port of New York in a single day. Compared to this the incursions of the Goths and Vandals in the Roman provinces were numerically unimportant. All mild mea sures of restriction have hitherto failed, but Congress must now find an effective remedy. The great difficulty is that no one cares to avow openly what is Teally aimed at — which is to permit British, German, and Scandinavian immigrants to come in as before, while shutting out the peoples of Southern .Europe and the Jews from Poland and: Russia. A poll tax of 50 .dollars or 100 dollars would be practically effective, but that would shut out the people we want and the people we don't want alike. Just now, owing to^ffe peremptory stoppage of all immigration on account of ihe . cholera, we have learned that some caution will be necessary. Practically all our domestics are foreigners, and they leave service to he married at the sate of nearly 1,000 a week, their places being taken by new arrivals from abroad, and even a month's cessation of the supply has sent up the wages of ordinary girls of-all-work from 14 or 16 dollars a month to 18 or 20 — i dollars advance. What their wages would go to if the supply ot new servants were absolutely shut off no one can even faintly imagine. And one can hardly help wondering what will happen in Europe if we should succeed in erecting a ' Chinese wall' not only against its merchandise, but against its superabundant human product as well. There will probably be no new labor troubles until after the election. The Homestead struggle, however, still continues and has reached the extreme point of bitterness. The company, as is admitted, have lost 2,000,000 dollars, and after three months' effort have so utterly failed to get together a new set of mechanics capable of turning out the better sorts of work that they have formally announced 'to the Government that they cannot say when they will be able to deliver armor plate, and the Secre tary of the Navy can, if he pleases, now abrogate the contracts. At the same time the company is pressing the strikers in the courts with a vigor never before known. Pennsylvania has still the old colonial legal system under which there exists a nominal provision that in cases of treason there shall be a ' King's jury' — that is that the prosecution shall in effect, as the King used to do before the Revolution, name the jury by which the culprit shall be tried. But no one in Pennsylvania has been tried for treason since the King's soldiers were sent back home for good, and so the law has never been attacked, as it certainly can be, as a violation of the United States constitution. The-3arnegie lawyers, however, have persuaded the district attorney to take out many scores of indictments for treason, and in this way to secure convictions which could not be hoped for from juries drawn in the usual way 'from the body of the people of the county.' Of course such convic tions would not be allowed to stand, but it is expected that they will have the moral effect of aweing the strikers and bringing them back to work. Three of the strikers, including O'Donnell, have been refusedjbail, and are now held in close custody at the gaoL A non-unionist board ing-house was wrecked two days ago witbja dynamite bomb. No one was seriously hurt— rthe aim of the dynamiter ' having been probably rather to frighten than to murder ; and the strikers, of course, protest that it is simply a new trick of the company to discredit them in the eyes of the pnblic. Evidently €his ? Homestead trouble will preserve to the end its claim to historic importance. By a singular coincidence, Mr. Carnegie, on the very day of the boarding-house out rage delivered a public address in Ayr, Scotland, in which he reiterated his belief that rich men were merely stewards of their wealth for the public good. It is fair to add, too, that no living rich man has given away a larger percentage of his income, baa known donations amounting to more than 4,000,000 dollars. Perhaps, the real truth is, as is secretly reported, that when he turned the Carnegie business into a stock company the shares that he sold were accompanied by a pledge that he would for three years abstain entirely from interference with the management. Possibly, too, never having himself been a mechanic he has no very keen sympathy with that class of -working men, He began life as a telegraph operator, and while still a boy devised a new method of train dispatching, which saved the Pennsylvania railroad scores of thousands of dollars a year and earned him the place of private secretary and con fidential 'right-hand' man to Colonel Tom Scott, the then president of that colossal corporation — probably, with its 500,000,000 dollars of capital, the greatest aggregation of organised capital in the world. When Scott died he was suc ceeded by Mr. Thomson, the reigning prince of the iron trade, and by him Carnegie was first made superintendent of his iron business, and not long after wards -a partner in it. Of course after that the rest was- easy, and in the follow ing 25 years he amassed nearly as many millions of dollars. Next to inventing improved methods in merit a readiness to adopt improved methods wheninventedby others. A recent report of the Minnesota Labor Bureau brings out very strikingly the fact that the Western men are certainly not lack ing in this second form of intelligent enterprise. Until about 15 years ago, from the earliest times, alike in Europe and in this country, winter wheat brought much better prices than spring wheat, the English prices of the seventeenth century showing an average difference of 25 per cent. 35ut in the northern belt of American wheat lands, the climate practically made the growing of winter wheat impossible, and the farmers of Min nesota and Manitoba were handicapped by prices that previous to '73 were about 40 cents a bushel less than those gained by their more southern rivals Since 1880, however, spring wheat has not only sold on an equality with winter wheat, but actually 20 cents a bushel higher. The secret of the change is an improve ment in the methods of milling which was introduced by the Hungarian millers a quarter of a century ago, and then brought to this country and carried to very great perfection. One city, Minneapolis, had the intelligence to devote itself espe cially to this new high grinding and roller process, and by its aid made itself . the centre of the American milling business long before its dozen or more of western rival cities had awakened to what was being done. Thanks to this new method the north western hard wheat can now be turned into the highest priced brands, and the Labor Bureau seriously asserts that a million more people are now supported in the three states of Minnesota and the two Dakotas than would have been pos sible had winter wheat retained the supre macy which it had held for more than a thousand years, and perhaps even longer. But it is pleasant also to realise that the benefit of this change has not been con fined to the wheafcgrowers alone, but by increasing and economising production has lowered prices so that poor men all over the -world find it less hard to gain their bread. In 1873 a bushel of Min nesota flour was worth 1 17 dollars at Buffalo, and a barrel of flour 11 dollars. Now the wheat is worth 74 cents, and the best flour 4.40 dollars a barrel — that is, the fall in the price of flour, due partly to the new process, has been twice as great as the decline in wheat, due to general causes. A hint in the Iliad has enabled a modern statistician to compute that in ancient Greece the labor of one person was re quired to grind the flour to feed 16. Now, in the Minnesota mills, the labor of one man grinds the flour for about 1,000 ; and, according to Edward Atkinson, the labor of one man is sufficient to move a barrel of floor a thousand miles. Would that the Labor Bureau could also add that the lot of the modern agriculturist had improved in the same ratio over that of his Homeric prototype ! The past ten years have brought enor mousbequestsandgiftstobeneyolentpub-ic institutions, amounting certainly to more than a hundred millions of dollars, and new act galleries and hospitals, and libra ries and parks, are everywhere to be met with. But the laws in regard to such matters are very lax. Wisely enough, the private- citizen rarely puts the control of his gift in the hands of the local government; but the dangers of confiding the care of it to trustees are proving to be very serious. Trustees, naturally, and perhaps properly, color their control of affairs with their own prejudices and caprices. Thus in New York we now have an art museum, con taining thousands of gifts, many of which were accepted subject to a condition imposed by the donor that they should! never be exhibited on a Sunday. Ib would have been far wiser at the begin ning to have rejected all except unquali fied and absolute donations ; but the trustees were themselves opposed to Sunday opening and secretly encouraged the donors to make the restriction. Now that the museum has been literally compelled by an overwhelming public opinion to open on Sunday these gifts are a serious embarrassment to tha management. In other cases benevolent; donors have hedged about their bequests with conditions that will seem as curiously eccentric to our posterity a couple of centuries hence as the conditions in English wills of a couple of centuries in the past often seem to us. Relief can, of course, here as in England, always be had by means of a special Act of the Legisla ture, but this is a clumsy method, and id would be far better if there were enacted as is now proposed a general law covering all charitable bequests and restricting the power to make conditional gifts. Very recently a Baltimore society refused a legacy of 100,000 dollars because the deceased required that the society should put before its title of ' Society for the protection of children from cruelty and immorality' the words 'Wm. C. Gonine.' It has been universally found that when an institution is labelled with a particular name it is almost necessarily doomed to extinction. All gifts from the general public are at once cut off, and it is not willing gratuitously to administer its affairs. Personal names may of course properly be appended to scholarships and medals and similar special funds, and in some cases of that sort the name may even enhance the value of the gift, as ia notably the case with the Professor John Tyndall fund of 30,000 dollars, devoted to the encouragement of original scientific research, and consisting of the proceeds of his lectures in this country, which in spite of almost affectionate pressing he refused to accept for his personal use. It is interesting to notice the vigor with which the English statesmen are fighting over again the Irish question in the American magazines. At least a dozen articles have recently appeared in American reviews from prominent Englishmen. In. the North American a statement by the Duke of Argyll: was re plied to in the following number by Mr. Gladstone, and the argu ment will be continued next month by Mr. Arthur Balfour. This is the more amusing because Americans have at bottom simply a mild and sentimental interest in the issue involved, and the publishers print the matter merely to help the sale of their wares in England. Americans practice Home Rule them selves and believe in it for others, not as a Sunday-school prize for good behavior, but as a cure for bad behavior ; and they are now cheerfully enduring all sorts of distressing misgo vernment because they hope that an unfit voter will after a while, as Mr. Beecher said, begin to ' squint at' the right use of his ballot and will become finally fully awakened to his responsibilities. A few generations will be required to prove how the experiment will turn out, but so far as material prosperity goes it is certainly not yet to be condemned as a failure. Englishmen, probably with justice, draw many distinctions between the case of the rebel states and Ireland ; but there wa3 certainly a time, though it is now happily past, when harsh treatment would have made the breach with the South utterly irreconcilable. Some of the English papers have been put to considerable expense in getting by telegraph the spiciest extracts from the reviews, especi ally in the case of the Gladstone article, which, appearing just after his return to power, was believed to contain interesting glimpses of his latest views. The English rival magazines may also well grumble at being relegated to second place as a means of publication, but after all these things bring grist to the mill of the American publishers. On the other hand, American newspapers are grumbling at having to pay out good money for tele graphing over what all of us who have ever used a pen regard as the superla tively bad verses written by three of the , principal candidates for the laureateship — Austin, Arnold, and Lewis Morris — aa tributes to the memory of the man whom they would like to succeed. For the English laureateship is something of the very highest importance to the American public, and columns of gossip about ib and as to whether there will or will not be an eaxly nomination are printed here to-day, together with elaborate notices of the contestants and their crimes. Our vote would be practically solid for Swin burne on the ground of literary merit, but his republicanism is of too red a type to suit us politically, and that terrible ode against our friend the Czar is univer sally deplored. Of course, all our own poets are busy in proving that if they were only Englishmen they would be at once moved up to the head of the proces sion. This is, indeed, an amus miraMlis for the poets, with Columbus and Tenny son and the discovery of the fifth moon of .Tm-iifoi* ac a.lf-*i.r.a fnr f.lipir f-.ril-mftarir scrolls. There will be little doing in the theatres until we have fully recovered from Columbus and the elections. Mrs. Beerbohm Tree is the only celebrity of the first magnitude expected from the other side, for although Mr. Wilson Barrett is also coming we have had the fortune to see him before. There will be no grand open, because the Great Opera House was burned down just too late to allow of its being rebuilt for the coming season ; but no doubt opera of some sort will be given now and then in the smaller theatres. The Casino is turned into a copy of the London Alham bra, but the stockholders, who have never yet received a penny of dividend, are trying to put it in the hands of a receiver, and may perhaps be successful — at any rate, every actor and actress hopes that they will be, for a general invasion of the London music hall would be regarded by them as a national calamity. 