COOTESSIONS of a. HYPNOTIST Driven to Suicide. (BY ALLAN CARTEK) (Conclnded from yesterday.) The inspector and I had both, been car ried away by the -vivid reality with -which the scene had been invested, As -vre fol lowed Mr. Garner's looks and actions we could' alm6at fancy we saw the event he bo dramaticffiHv described. ' Ask him who it -was,' ?whispered the Bicex* ' Have patience,' I said. ' His nerves re overwrought. He must have time to jcover.' I placed, my bands on the suffering lan'e forehead and temples, arid presently ae quivering 'which had seized his whole rame ceased, and he became calm. The erspiration stood in great beads upon his row, and for two or three minutes Mb reath had come in great gasping sdbB, bo iten.se was the agony. Then I put the final question, for I lought it was time to awaken him. ' The woman — tbo miirderesB ; you saw erface. 'Wbowusitf' He seemed instinctively to shrink from jplying. Persons in this condition are by 0 means automatons in the hands of the perator, and will even argiie or refuse to newer for a 'while. ' You must tell me who it was,' I said, nnly* Reluctantly the answer came — : ' Mary Bates.' ' dan he say where she is now P' asked be inspector. ' Ifc imay save a lot of ime.' ?? Where is Mary Bates F' I isked. Mr. Garner sat for a minute or two, quite till, with a very -weary look upon his pale ace. Then he mentioned the name of a treet in a distant quarter of the town, Imofrfe as vile -a part as that in which we ben were* ' That will do, eir, thank you,' said the aspector. ' I will have the woman in ustody within an hour if she is to be ound. A most marvellous thing, upon ly wtord.' And he bustled out of the oase, while I awoke the man who had ieplayed detective qualitea of so superaa. oral a character. It was all perfectly true. Mary Bates, onfronted -with the victim and charged pith the crime which she had thonght idden from all human knowledge, con eesed that after leaving Nelly at the Boar's lead she had procured a knife and hidden ereelf in the victim's room, stealing from .er hiding place and slaying the helpless roman in her drunken sleep. They had sng been enemies, and Mary Bates hated .er rival's comparative good looks and etter manners ; hated her also for the aterest taken in her by Mr. Garner. And he barman at the beerhouse, when closely uestioned, remembered to have seen the wo. women together, though he had previ usly stated that Warren left the house rith the sailor, whom, lie did not eee go ut. Two days after the experiment which ad ended in the discovery of Nelly barren's murderess, Mr. Garner came to ay hotel. He looked very pale and worn nd terribly dejected. Of course he rexnem iered nothing but what had been told him if what had transpired at that momentous Lypnotic interview. ' 1 can't get that woman out of my ight,' he said, after the usual greetings. 1 Night and day there is ever before me he vision of the blood- stained corpse, with hat horrid gash across the throat. I con ure up all manner of scenes depicting the rvent, and it all seems as real as if I were in actor instead of a spectator. I shall go aad if it goes on much longer.' ' You ought not to stay in this neigh )orhood,' I said. ' The associations are iltopether too painful for you. Apart Tom this terrible affair, it is not a place lor a work at all suited to a man of your emperament. Take my advice and leave it once. Take a eea trip, go abroad, get imong scenes the novelty of which will listract your mind from this morbid dwell :ng upon the horrible.' ' 1 thank you for your advice,' he said, quietly. ' 1 know it to be good. But I :annot go away and leave my work like ;hat The little good I have been able to lo would be all thrown away unless I can leave someone behind me to follow it up.' ' I do not think you will be any better iriiile you remain here. Get away as soon ib you can. Meanwhile, try not to think rf unpleasant things, and above all force four mind away from contemplation of that murder.' When Mr. Garner left he was calmer, and lad promised me he would expedite his arrangements for leaving the town. But there was a brooding horror in his eye I lid not like to eee. I felt so uncomfort able about him, indeed, that early in the norning of the day after his visit to me I set out to call upon him. My way took me through the disreput ible quarter in which Mr. Garner carried -n his untiring self -sacrificing work. As t approached the street I could see that something waa wrong. People were xon tring with frightened, anxious looks on their faces, the whole district seemed to be n commotion. Could it be that anything sad happened to Mr. Garner., 1 tho tight, a» [ quickened my steps. ' What is it?' I inquired of an artisan irho seemed a trifle more respectable titan ;he generality of the people thereabout. ' They say it's another woman mur lered,? he panted, as he hurried on. A few doors from the house in. -which tlr. Garner lodged a crowd had assembled, lad was noisily discussing such details is had oozed out. As the body had only teen discovered within the last half-hour, these were of the most meagre description. [ was passing on to acquaint Mr. Garner ^ith the affair -when. I met the inspector who had assisted at the little seance a few 3ays before. He accosted me, and made a strange grimace as he remarked^ — ' Wonder, if we shall wantf you ftg^n over this affair F* i-J1 ' I hope not/' I said, bb I entered the bouse with him. *' I doubt very much whether Mr. Garner -would have the strength, even if. he iad the will, to go through another such experience.' - The ecene in the room, was an almpst exact repetition of that in Nelly Warren's case. The -wanifta, Phoebe Thomson, was one of the class among whom. Mr, Garner had labored so zealously, and, as far as I could gather, with so little result. She lay stretched at full length upon the bed, dressed as she had probably returned front a drinking bout the night befofC' Affid across the throat -was a great wide ga«h. There was this difference between the two cases, that another lodgCT in thehoifeehad seen Thomson stumbling up the stairs shortly before midnight, much the worse for drink. There was ceivtaiiily no one with her then. ' '' While the inspector was making Bis ih Testigations, I shipped away to Mr. Garner's lodgings. I found the landlady therein a state of considerable agitation, not on account of the inurder, of 'which she had not heard, but because of the state in which she had that morning: found her lodge*. He 'was generally so punctual said the woman, that when at 10 o'clock he did not make his appearance in the sitting- room to partake of the breakfast she had prepared for him she had gdne upstairs. Getting no response to her knock she tried the handle, found the door -was not locked, and opened it. Sitting on the side of the bed she saw Mr. Garner, dressed in the loose overcoat and fof fc felt hat he usually wore out of doors. ' He looked like a ghost,' ahe added, ''and give me such & turn, specially -when he sat there all dazed-like and never looked up or spoke & Word, that I ran down here to think what it -would be best to do. Because ho aint got no relations about these parts, aB I knows on*' Leaving, the woman to get over her ' turn ' as best she could, I ran up the stairs and looked into Mr. Garner's room through the partly open door before I ?ventured in. He -was still sitting in the position -which had b*en described to me. ' Mr. . Garner,' I said, stepping softly into the room. At the sound of my voice he lifted his head, and I1 saw that he had relapsed into a state of hynotic lethargy, the result of the peculiar mental 'condition in which he had been living the last two or three days. ' Come, rouse up,' I exclaimed, as I took the usual steps to awaken him. : He started, looked at me with a puzzled stare for nearly a minute, brushed his hand across his forehead, and generally behaved like a person emerging from a state of stupor. ' Where am I — what does it all mean ?' he cried. Then, with a cry of horror I. shall never forcet, he started to his feet and exclaimed : ' There has been another woman murdered.' ' There certainly has,' I said, ' and close by, too. But bow on earth did you know of it? The body has only just been found.' ' I have been dreaming about it all night,'' he said, in a sad, weary tone which cut me to the heart. ' Look here, Mr. Garner, you must get out of all thia at once, -whether your work suffers or not. We shall have you in a lunatic asylum very shortly if you stay here.' He made no reply, and I -went on — ' I'll just run. dow,-n to the place and bring you what particulars there are, while you change your things and freshen your self a bit. You look as though you had been up all night.' ' Who is it this time?' he said quietly, taking no noticse of anything I had said. ' Her name is Phoebe Thomson,'' I re plied. Waiting a moment to see howrhe took the announcement, and finding that it seemed to make no impression, I went out, pulling the door to after me. . I had only been in the murdered woman's apartment long enough to learn from the inspector that, grasped in her clenched fist, he had found a black cloth covered button, such as are used on men's coats, when a woman's terrified shrieks re sounded from the street below. Leaving a constable in charge of the room, the in spector hastened downstairs to ascertain the cause of this fresh tumult. We found Mr. . Garner's landlady in a state bordering upon frenzy, and. learned that her lodger had cut his throat. It was even so. We found Mr. Garner in hia shirt sleeves, lying on his back across the bed, with the blood streaming on-to the floor from a gash in his throat, inflicted evidently with a lar?e clasp knife still grasped in his hand. It was impossible to save him ; by the time a surgeon arrived he was quite dead. But the tragedy was not yet ended. There were marks of blood upon, his clo thing: and upon his left hand, which from the position in. which we found hiin, as. well as from, the fact that the blood was dry, could not have been caused by the wound he had inflicted upon himself. /The inspector, chancing to look at the 'thin black overcoat Mr. Garner had thrown off, ?was struck by the similarity of the buttons, -with, that- found in the murdered woman's grasp, as also by the fact that one was missing and had evidently -been recently torn off with considerable force. In one of the pockets of the overcoats also were' marks of blood as though a bloody hand had been thrust in. Piecing together bit by bit one link of evidence with another, vre could come to . no other conclusion than that Mr. Garner's mind had been thrown off its balance by the shock of the sudden discovery of Nelly Warren's murder, that he had brooded over it till the whole affair, as he had informed me, -was present with him day and .night, that he had seen. this woman leaving a beerhouse in a similar condition and under similar circumstances to tbose in the other case, and that he had tracked her to her lodgings,, and then, or afterwards, cut her throat. ' I did not believe, I do not believe *V?W» that Mr. Garner ' knew. .'vy hat' he was doing.' Not that he ;was mad or insane as such a condition is generally understood. But the morbid susceptibility to -which, he was .subject had predisposed him to an attack of homicidal mania, which -was aggravated and started into activity by the unfor tunate hypnotic experiment he himself had suggested. . Af ter I Jeft him, having for the time dispelled the .vapors by -which Ms mind had been beclouded, and aroused him to a fuller cqnsqlpu-3ne£p of hie actions, something must have -occurred to lead him to suppose that he himself -was in this case the murderer j a discoT/ery quite sum. dent in a person oj? Euch temperament to indues .the ^iucidai )act ? he *heri com mitted, ,.v „, .,. ? —/..,.:. , ,. -, f., ... 