The Haunted. House. This house is haunted oyes indeed it is! But not by ghosts in trailing robes of white, With wavinug arms and icy touch and kiss, o Who always chooso the witching hour of night To wander up and down the level floors, And ome unhappy wight's warm blood to freeze; Their pass fronision, flitting through closed doors: My ghosts, as are not such ghosts as these. No, they are visions, visions of the past; Of dear ones who have entered into rest; They come and go, their forms no shadows cast, I would embrace them; but my arms have pressed The empty air. Ah, me, the dear home life ! It all comes back around me as I rszo; And then once more begins the bitter strife, I live once more my long and-lonely days. Comes friend, with me and pass the old house by Let us go in; there's naught to dons ill. Did you not hear a murmur like a sigh ? Ah, look! the empty roomsebegin to fill ! I see a loved one's face so mild and kind, Smiling, midst heavenly lights around it thrown. Do you niot see it ? Oh, your eyes are blind ! They should be led, like mine, by love alone. The same old chairs stand where they used to ' stand, The curtains in the soft breeze rise and fall, The same old clock points with a warning hand To passing hours that never seem to pall; While forms of loved ones gone but ever dear With all their old time actions pass me by. Father and mother, yes, they both are here. .&.Ana there is one whose face I know : 'tis I l Ah, fade not yet, dear visions of the past ! Stay but a little while in each old place I My blest and dear! Toolong y cannot last While love for me lights up each spirit face. Come, lot us go: the night is falling fast; The visions and the day alike are flown. I turn me back from that dear, love.litpast To face whate'er the future holds, alone ! Nay, friend, seek not to shake my firm belief That dear ones wait me up at heaven's gate. And in their arms I shall find full relief For all my weary days and desolate. I sn not wrong in this: I surely deem That heaven will hold the sweetness of the past, And a homro life, to which thisearth's shall seem lut poor and barren, shall he mine at last ! -" Galveston News." 