The Brisbane Hunt Olub. VISIt TO GOODNA. The members of the Brisbane Hunt Club wihited Goodnes, on SaturJay afrternoon last, when a frat and interesting run was the resu'et As is unsueal on the ocoasion of a visit from the Hont Club, the people turned out en masse to view the chase. Several persons journeyed from Ipswich in order to take part in the paat. time, and altogether a very repreaentative gathering wase present. A drag was laid down, and the throw-off took place at the paddock opposite the Railway Hot-l, after which three fences through small allotments wtre ngotisa. ted. The party then went towards Ipewilh on right-hand aide of the railway-line, and passed over several fences in the village of Goodna nfter which Anderson's and Cross's pad. docks were gone through at a rapid pace. The coal-pit paddoik was then travesled, and, after passing over the Brisbane-road a double brought them into B;air's. Aftergoing throngh Powell's, another double was put behind anoreoss the Briabane-road again, and on der the Redbank railw y bridge. The party then went through Clifford's,and overs double into the brick-yards, after which a very big fence was jumped on to the Briebaneroad, and the company checked st the Redbank railway station. Throwing off for the second time, M-aopregor's paidocks were quickly gone through, after which a stiff double brought the oontingent into Miss Alexander'e, and then over a very snbatantial double into Simpson's. They then creosed the Ipswich-road, under the railway bridge, and over a large exotent of open conntry, after which seweral fences in small allotments were speeddily orossed. A big tecce brought them into the school paddock, and through Anderson'aproperty.thefencensin which were very high and stif. After pasiog the eaw mills, Obippendale'a and Mrlroney'a were traversed, -after which they passed over Woogaron Creek, intm Holmes's, ant under the rsilway-line. The hunting party then crossed the Brisbane-road, and a good fence brought themr into the Asylum paddock, and, after journeying through another of the Anylnm paddolke, the trail was run into at the dam, thus ending a most suncossful and fast run, The country travelled over was rather wet, and etif fences were the order of the day. The distance travelled was about twelve miles. The members of the olab present were: The master (Mr. E. G. Echlin), on Pilot; the whip (Mr. Moylano), on Cloutarf ; Mr. E. Baynes, on The Dootor; Mr. C. Townley, on Problem ; Mr. . Alexander, on The Drone; Mr. F. W. M'Gill, on Melton; Mr..H. Winter, on Anybow; Mr. Lambart, on Stall; Mr. . Baynes, on Fairfield; Mr. E, G, Harding, on Parnell; Mr. Thurlow, en Silver Sides; Mr. O'Brien, on Ringwond; Mr. . Gogge, on Dahlia; Dr. Sechole. on The Quaker: Mr. 0. Hanebury, on DBlne Peter; Mr. T. O'Brieo, on Ca?snia; Mr. A. Feez, on Gladstone; Mr. H. Goggs, on The Ghost; Mr. G. I. Hudeon, on Andax; Mr. D. Rich, on Delight; Mr. J. J. Byrne, on Corisande; together with Mien Nenton on Pashba, and Mabel Newton on Bolivar. The followingB pursuned the bounds fairly well :-Mesprs. i. Harding. on Tyro; M. Burke, on Flirtation; H. CaOsmeron, on Ebony; J. Yaldwyn, on Dany; -. M'Dowall, on a bay; J. Josey, on a bay; -. Rice, on a grey; 0. Graham, on Bay Lord; end Mr. Newton, on a bay. Among those driving we notioed Mrs. M. Gogge and party, M-r. Thorn, Miss Blanchard, Miss Unisoke, and Mr. G. Moffatt; Mrs. Soholes Mrs. H. Bsyoes, and Miss Hanbury; Miss Yaldwyn and Misse Sinclair; Messrs. Hollander, Newton, and O'Sbea; Messre. Petford, Mansaeld, Bemi, nll Miller; while Miss Harper (on a obesunt), Mirs Thomas (on a gray), and Miss Thomas (ton a bay) attended among the visitors. During the run, several falls took place, no doubt owing to the slippery state of the gronnd. Mr 0. L HIudeon, the well-known ohemist of Briabane.street, appears to have been the most anfortunate in this reepeat, as when he wasee about to jump a fence, his horse went into some aloppy ground, with the result that it fell, and MI. Hdseon was thrown heavily to the ground, slighting on his head, When picked up, be was partly ungasoeione, having been severely shaken, He was brought to town in a cab, and taken to his ra:?eode, where Drs. Dunlop and Lossberg attended to his injuries. They found him to be suff riog from eouene sion of the brain, as well as a rather severe scalp wound. On enquiring last evening, oar representatlve was informed that Mr. Hudson was doing as well as could be erpeuted. 