WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 28.1882. THE deputation from the Chamber of Manufactures which waited on the Chief Secretary yesterday addressed itself to a question of the utmost importance in con- uectioa with pending legislation for the settlement of industrial disputes by means j of conciliation and arbitration, Mr. Kingston's Bill, which the Government have taken under their patronage, embodies the principle of compulsion. The Chamber of Manufactures—a body entitled to speak with some authority on the subject as representing the views of a large number of employers —freely acknowledges the expediency of State intervention, but wishes the line to be drawn at the enforcement by pro cess of law of the decisions that may be arrived at by the proposed boards. It urges that it is not safe to initiate any other t*3>i^T| a ntui?ly voluntary fiohfisno. and considers that to ensure the accep tance of the recommendations of the board or boards which the State may call into being reliance should be placed, first, on the desire for justice and the good sense of those interested in the dis putes, and, secondly, on the strong moral support which the community would give to the awards. This view !b sustained by the employment of some weighty arguments. Compulsion, it is virtually contended, would tend to disar range the whole industrial system. It would have the effect of hampering busi ness, it would interfere excessively with the liberties of both employers and em ployed, and it would work unequally, in asmuch as certain industries and certain districts might become subject to restric tions from which others would be free. The Chamber accordingly proposes that the first instalment of experimental legislation should be of the simplest possible character, and concern itself solely with the provision of suitable and permanent machinery for conciliation, without ven turing to furnish the means of com pulsory interference in the relations between employers and workmen. The reply of the Chief Secretary to these repre sentations was exactly what might have been expected, seeing that the Govern ment have adopted Mr. Kingston's Bill. Dr. Cockburn puts it that the question is whether the tune is ripe for a courageous legislative policy, and apparently he thinks it is. He combats the objection to Governmental interposition in labor troubles to the extent provided for by the Bill, substantially on the ground that the people are getting reconciled to the rele gation of the antiquated doctrine of Inissez Jaire to the limbo of discarded theories. In other words, to quote the familiar phrase of Sir William Har court, "we are all Socialists now." On the merits of the case the Chief Secretary argues that unless there is some power standing behind State boards of conciliation and arbitration, more solid and better defined than the mysterious entity which is reverenced under the name of "public opinion," all legisla tion, however well-intended, is likely to prove futile. Large and difficult issues are involved in the opposite contentions which have been briefly sketched, and whatever view is acted on by Parliament,, there is ob vious danger of an unsatisfactory result— the passing of a law either inoperative or mischievous. The cntx of Mr. Kingston's Bill is undoubtedly the question of com pulsion. But, to clear the ground a little at the outset, it may be pointed out that the compulsion proposed is not of the unqualified and arbitrary form which is generally imagined. That is to say, it is preceded'first of all by the application of the voluntary principle. If, as opponents belonging to all parties com- i plain, the Bill in actual working should turn out to be an irritating fetter on the freedom of both capital and labor, it will be a restraint voluntarily accepted by those subject to its provisions. It will apply only to the unions of employers and employed registered under it, and registration, at any rate, is not compul sory. The trouble is, however, that these unions are equally at liberty to go in or come out, and though it is provided that the cancellation of registration shall not relieve the retiring unions of em ployers or employed, or members thereof, from the obligation of awards given while they were under the Act, it is not at all clear how this provision can be effectively carriedout. Admitting, forthesakeofargu ment, that unions with funds to be attacked can be coerced into obedience to arbitra- j tion awards by means of fines, will it be possible to reach the individual employer and workmen in the same way, when their unions have retired and perhaps have been broken up ? ' But the same question may even be asked as to the enforcement of awards on those who remain under the operation of the measure. Although power is given to the courts to enforce industrial agreements voluntarily entered into by registered unions, and awards of the boards of conciliation and arbitration, all is vague as to how the fines are to be imposed in the event of agreement or award being terminated or rejected by one side or both. We fully appreciate the efforts made by Mr. Kings ton to evolve a workable scheme, and aie in full sympathy with his objects ; but nothing is gained by shutting our eyes to the practical difficulties which arise in connection with his daring method of treat ing the subject. That there is a suspicion of the possible failure of the compulsory element of the scheme is indicated by the provision of clause 71, empowering any board, when it thinks fit, to refrain from making an award and to decide the dispute on the merits of the case "by a report which 6hall not be enforceable." Most of the legal witnesses called by the Sydney Commission were in favor of compulsion, on the ground that a court which cannot enforce its award is unworthy of existence. The Commission, however, thought otherwise. It pointed out that a court of arbitration is not like a court of law. It interprets no fixed code of law, and its decision is only a declaratory statement as to what it thinks just and expedient. Neither party to the 6uit has been breaking the law, and the deci sion asked for is not, as in a court of law, what is the law of the case, but what is the justice, wisdom, or expediency of the case. It is very much to be questioned whether the time is ripe for such a radical departure as is recommended by such writers as Mr. W. S. Lilly. That deter mined opponent of the orthodox economies declares that "in the extreme individualism, which is the outcome of material selfishness, consecrated under the formula of Supply and Demand, every man's hand is against every man. The em ployer asks how little he can give his work men ; the workman how much he can get out of his employer. The very notion of a jutt price has vanished from men's minds. It must be restored." And Mr. Lilly would restore it by creating a State tribunal, empowered to fix a minimum rate of hire in every case brought before it. Those who advocate such drastic changes seem to forget that after all the ideas of the new socialism are in many cases only a reversion to ideas tried in former times and abandoned. In England it was for many years the law that justices of the peace should assess wages; the re establishment of that arbitrary principle, even if expressed in & sew and improved form, would probably turn out to be equally obnoxious to workmen and their employers. The idea is that democratic institutions would secure a fairer applica tion of the principle of interference, but there is quite enough ground for doubt to discourage the experiment. If, however, public boards cannot be expediently clvjged with tha power to fix wages-or other conditions of labor, in order to avert strikes and lockouts, where is their power to come from ? The only answer is that it must be die support of public opinion. We agree that this is somewhat un reliable ; it is not a concrete force which can be exactly measured. It often fails us, as in the case of the present miserable business of the Broken Hill strike. Nevertheless, such as it is, we shall probably have to make the best of it. After all, too, it has done wonders in the pa6t. As the Sydney Commission pointed out in their report, " In England all the trade arbitrations have been out side the law, because the three laws passed for the purpose have been in operative. And yet, though arbitrations have been very numerous, the cases are very few in which the decisions have not been loyally accepted." What is certain is that whether compulsion is fair or not is not the whole question; a vital point : is whether or not it is practicable. =========================== No science has of late years been more assiduously cultivated than psychology, and yet it appears that many singular phenomena of the workings of the mind have scarcely even been observed. A congress designed to promote such ob servation has just met in London under the presidency of Professor Henry Sidg wick, the well-known writer on morals and politics. A large number of dis tinguished men from various lands were present, the list being headed by what the chairman called "the great name of Helmholtz," whilst such men as M. Richet and Dr. Liegeois of France, Professor Ebbinghaus of Germany, and M. Grubner of Roumania, took part in the proceedings. The femi nine mind is popularly supposed to be eminently practical and disinclined to Ab stract reflection, but a formidable pro gramme—formidable in the nature as well as the number of the subjects discussed— did not deter a fair proportion of ladies from attendance. There is a sense in which to be " strongminded" is not a dis tinction to which the fair sex care to aspire, but clearly it is not a weak mind that could brave the ordeal of attention when such subjects as "The visual centre in the cortex of the calcarine fissure," "The psychical character of hysterical amblyopia," "The anatomical and phy siological relations of the frontal lobes,' and others of similarly alarming serious ness are in process of elucidation. But just as the British Association have long found that they cannot do without the addition of some piquant element to their proceedings, whether it be a new theory of the origin of life or a discussion upon tight lacing, so the psychologists were merciful, and papers with strange sound ing titles were pleasantly diversified by others more adapted to the ordinary intel ligence. Perhaps the older thinkers— Hobbes, Berkeley, Hume, and Mill— would have been astonished could they have heard such subjects as "The female poisoner of Algeria," the " Muscular sense of the blind," and drink and sleep- walking classed under the head of psycho- logy. But ghost stories which formed very largely the staple of the last pro gramme of the congress are already out of date, and it was essential to provide other entertainment, even at the risk of exciting derision, by enlarging unduly the field of mental science. "Experimental Psychology" was so conveniently defined by die chairman as to compass almost any mental process, be it hypnotic suggestion, thought transference, psychic force, clair voyance, or what else it may. Professor Sidgwick in his opening ad dress referred to the various departments of science in which each nation excelled, and claimed England as the home of psychology strictly so called, viz., the science dealing with the results obtained by the internal observation of mental phenomena. Germany, even with Kant, Fichte, and Schopenhauer, does not reach the level of England with Locke, Hobbes, Hume, Bain, and Spencer, but though our own country has done more than other nations in establish ing psychology on a scientific basis we have somewhat lost ground, or rather in a new direction have permitted others to break ground. Of late years the Continental scientists have invented a different method of dealing with mental phenomena—that of direct experiment with regard to sensations and thoughts, not of one self but of others. Whereas formerly thinkers evolved their systems from their inner consciousness, now they analyse and speculate on other people's brains. Descartes believed that the soul was a secretion of the pineal gland, just as bile is a secretion of the liver, and nowadays Continental observers are intent upon establishing a connection between cerebral and psychical changes. In Germany psychology has become almost a branch of physiology, and all effort is tending to the reduction of the whole phenomena of life to mechanical attractions and repulsions. The French contribution to experimental psychology has lain in researches regarding hypnotism and cognate subjects ; or, as the division was stated by Mr. Sidgwick, whilst Ger many had gone furthest of any nation in experiments on the sensations of normal human beings, France had achieved the greatest mastery over abnor- mal phenomena. The Germans maintain that the problem of the connection be tween mental processes and molecular changes in the brain is not to be solved by the study of hypnotism, and it was only by mutual deference to national pre dilections that the nations could have combined in a congress at all Dr. Liebault recounted a number of extraor dinary experiences in what was formerly called mesmerism, and is the still more curious department of suggestion, and another paper on the subject, that of Dr. Bramwell, an Englishman, was illustrated by sticking pins into subjects under the influence and inspiring them with all kinds of delusions, just as we have seen done in Adelaide for our amusement or instruction. Dr. Bram- well showed, as the French doctors have often done, that persons can be made to do whatever is suggested to them not only at the time but at any fixed date afterwards; that they have no remem brance of the suggestion but commit the act believing themselves to be free agents; and that they may be made to commit illegal acts against their own conscience. But the contributors of papers on this theme lamentably erred if they hoped to convince their fellow members as a body. Beyond bewildering a wonder-loving audience they had no effect whatever. A committee of enquiry appointed by the congress could not be persuaded that hypnotism rested on any sounder basis than the mesmerism practised in the past by charlatans and itinerant lecturers. Hypnotism did sot exhaust the popular interest attaching to the congress. Per haps of all the papers one of the most re markable was a contribution from Pro fessor Lombroso, himself one of the most remarkable of the new school of analyti- cal psychologists. This consisted of an amplification of views he previously ex- pressed regarding the inferior insensibility of women to pain as compared with men. Dentists have been amazed at the courage of female patients, and doctors are agreed that if men with their higher nervous organisations had to bear the pain that falls to the lot of women the human race would soon come to an end. When Bil- roth, the famous surgeon, tried his first operation for the removal of a cancer from the stomach he preferred a female patient. A male waiter would drop a hot plate which a waitress would hold with ease, and an examination of fingers re- vealed in males a finer sense of touch than in females. Professor Lombroso was so ungallant as to say—" What had led to the belief in the greater sensibility of woman was her greater irritability and freer ex- pression of feeling." A man is not ex- pected to weep, and he controls his emo- tion. A woman could similarly repress her tears if she choose, but "in her case courage is not demanded but grace ; she knows how all-powerful are her tears; she tries to weep with policy, to weep much, and to weep at the right time." Like Mrs. Bumble she tries tears because they are less troublesome than other modes of per suasion. No wonder that "the ladies did not seem to like the paper, though they laughed at it." To assert that women have less sensibility than men has been truly interpreted as "an attack on one of the oldest privileges of the sex," and a repudiation of one of its chief claims to man's consideration. ========================= The Oxford of to-day ib a very different place from the Oxford known to the undergraduate of thirty or even twenty years ago. Some of the past dons of that ancient seat of learning would stand aghast if they oould see how it has be come Americanised and has bowed to the spirit of the age. Yet in truth the changes that have taken place are rather a revival of the true spirit which should characterise and which has always been supposed to characterise the chief national educational establishments of the United Kingdom. Men do not light a candle to put it under a bushel, but to place it on a candlestick that it may give light to all inthehouse. AndaUniveraityfuMlsonlya small part of its* function if it limits its sphere of usefulness by unnecessary and mischievous restrictions. One of the most remarkable effects of the re laxation of these restrictions has been the Summer School recently held in Oxford. The idea originated with the authorities of Mansfield College," one of the most recent of the institutions in that ancient school of learning, erected chiefly through the liberality of wealthy members of the Congregational body, although from the first members of other denominations have fa*k«p an active inte rest in it. The principal (Dr. Fairbairn) is well known both in England and America as a man of deep scholarship, profound piety, and intense enthusiasm. The Summer School was intended to com bine the advantages of what is known in the Catholic and Anglican Churches as a Retreat, and of the conferences and annual gatherings of religious, scientific, and philanthropic associations. But it was intended to do much more. Special series of lectures were arranged to be given by eminent men with as distinct an educational intent as the lectures given in the ordinary University course. The experiment excited a gocd deal of interest, and among the more conserva tive there was no little amused curiosity as to its probable success. It happened fortunately that the general elections were over before the date fixed for the first meeting. On Monday evening, July 18, the ministers, after fining in the TT^IIk of Mansfield, Wadham, and Exeter Colleges, assembled in the library of Mansfield College. More than 300 had then arrived, and by Tuesday the num ber had reached 360. Roughly speaking about a third of those who had joined tbe School were Congregational ministers, about a third were Presby terians, about one per cent, belonged to the Church of .England, and the others were members of other Christian denom inations. Lectures began the next day and went on at the rate of four a day for ten days. Each morning a brief devo tional service was held in Mansfield College, followed by tiro lectures in the same building. Later in the day a lecture was given in Balliol College, and the fourth in the same college from 5.30 to 6.30. For the evenings four conferences were arranged. On the evening of Tues day, July 19, the first conference on the " Church and Social Economics" was in troduced and presided over by Mr. Tom Raleigh, of All Souls' College, a son of a well-known Congregational miniatur who died a few years ago. Other conferences were held. A course of three lectures was given on "The spiritual world in the light of the doctrine of common sense." Another course was on "The historical writings of the Old Testament," given in Balliol College by Dr. Francis Brown. On the second day the assembled *' Summer scholars," who included several eminent divines from America, were re ceived by the venerable master of Balliol —Dr. Jowett—in the hall of that college. He expressed his warm appreciation of the work done at Mapafifti^ College, and said he was delighted that through Mans field men of many denominations were thus brought into contact witbieach other. He then gave a brief and exceedingly inte resting history of his own college, mention ing tbe names of famous men who had been trained in it, and concluding with the effective and characteristic peroration, "This, gentlemen, is the best history of the college that I know." On a sub sequent day a select party was invited by Dr. Paget, the Dean of Christ Church, to visit his college. Of the beneficial effects of the Summer School there -tsan. be no question. Even the educated minister of religion is apt to get into one groove and to allow his scholarship to become rusty. He gets accustomed to certain modes of thought and expression, while the people growing up around him are familiar with other modes of thought and expression. Hence he too often lives apart from his fellows. On the oilier hand the active and energetic pastor finds his time so tuooh taken up with matters of detail that it is almost impossible for him to combine his work of aJiiiiniHuv tion with an intelligent pursuit of bis studies. To both classes of men contact for ten days with some of tbe most eminent men in O? Gbriatan Cbarones i «jkmhb> specnfisfa? JujpttbuakozhMadbe* of study most be an enormous gain. A man leaving the University is often like the youthful student of griUnntiUli* The latter finds the role very dearly stated in his text book. Examples ate also given and worked out which he has no difficulty in understanding. Snfc the very first example given afterwards which is not worked out seems to present elements of perplexity for which the rules do not provide. In this way the half-furnished student—and the bulk of those who go from colleges and universities are barely half furnished—is at a tremendous disadvantage in the battle of life. He has lost the boldness which unsophisticated ignorance gives, and he hae not acquired the firm conviction which is the outcome of earnest and honest study. To such a man, especially when he is a professed teacher of men, the withdrawal for a brief season from his ordinary avocations in order that he may eit at the feet of some of the choicest masters of his art is like giving him* new Me. The branches of study which en gaged his attention in his younger days are now seen to be not something apart from his real life, but something that enters into its very essence. The suspicion that has been becotten of modes of thought unfamiliar to him is felt to be without foundation, and his mental and spiritual life is perceptibly quickened and made more robust. The Oxford Summer School, which was both an imitation of and an improvement upon similar experiments in the United States, was chiefly intended for ministers of religion. It seems to have been so successful that there is little doubt it will be repeated in futurejyears. There is no reason why it should be confined to ministers of religion. With a slight alteration in their methods of procedure the annual gatherings of the British and other associations might be made to serve a useful educational purpose. As now conducted they are of little value in this respect except to a few who stand less in need of instruction than the bulk of those who attend them. On eocisl economic questions, particularly, there is much confusion of thought, and ten days given to the honest study of such questions would dispel much of the fog in which they are at present enveloped. In Australia a Summer School is not likely to become popular, and there is not much prospect of the Mansfield College experi ment being copied here. But the essen tial spirit of the movement is worthy of imitation, and must be imitated if our Universities an to play the part they ought to play in moulding the thought and life of the nation. Hib Excellency tbe Governor and Lady Kintore gave an "it home" a* Government House on Tuetday evening, when about 200 gneete were present. The rooms were beauti fully decanted, and the comedietta " Heads or Tails" wasprenented. The characters were:— Mr. Wrangleworth. Mr. A. 35. Ayers; Harold Byoaster, Mr. H. D. Haggard; Christopher QoaOe, &[r. A. G. Rymill; fiosamond. Mm Peacock ; and Winifred, Miss Marryat. The eoene was laid at Mr. Weangleworth's house, and the performaooa passed off wry success folly, closing at about 11 o'clock. Members of the Assembly were very inqnisU tive on Tuesday, and informal questions on a multiplicity of diverse subjects were?indtts triousjy pot to various membara of tin Minis try for the space of more than half an hour. There was a good attendance in the seats above the clock early in the afternoon, bat there was never more than a sprinkling of hearers in the Speaker's gallery, ladies, as usual, being in the ascendant there. Although it was not ex pected that any concerted attack would be made upon the Government, less than half a dozen members were absent when the House met, and interest in the proceedings was maintained right through tho afternoon. Mr. Parsons gave the Treasurer an opportunity of miking a statement on the subject of the disgraceful libel on the fir"?«ifl position of the colony which has recently been published in London, and it was announced that'every possible means had been adopted by the Government to authoritatively deny the damaging report through die press of Great Britain. Mr. Kingston suggested that Mb Holder had not acted constitutionally in accepting the advice of tbe Governor that a telegram on the subject should be sent to the Secretary of State for tbe Colonies, but the Premier skilfully parried the en quiry. Before the business of the day was called on Mr. Cohen drew attention to the recent reduction to half-time of employee in the fiailway Department, and suggested that they should be placed on three-quarter time for at least six weeks longer so as to allow for the termination of the Broken HOI strike; Mr. Handyside, however, bad little ~^"^i?«iTMT to offer to die men. Mr. McPherson asked that every effort should be made to protect the men from Tunning into m**yoidaMft debt because of the difficulty which they would have in recovering their position owing to the sinallnees of their pay. Mr. Grayson said further enquiries should nave been made before the action of the Gom missio&ers; was ratified. "We must take their word," interjected Mr. Catt, to which Me Grayeon retorted that pernape when he was Commissioner of PnbUo Works Mr. Catt had tikes their word to his Borrow. "There is only one course to adopt if youoan'taooept their word," added Mr. Gatt, and the House cheered, while Mr. Kingston said, "Yon must either take an offioer'e word or sack him." Other members having spoken, Mr. Kingston said somewhat warmly that the responsibility thrust upon the Railway Commissioners was incompatible with Ministerial control and formed a good reason for an alteration of the Act. In tbe matter of the running of a> small train to curry favor with a few the present Government had over-ruled the advioa of the Railway Commissioners, but they refused to look into a subject where large issues were involved. If tbe Commissioner of Poblio Works ratified tbe action of the Com missioners he relieved them of all the responsi bility and should be prepared to justify it. " I thought you'd put the plaster on, 3 inter jected Mr. Lamshed, to which Mr. Kingston replied, "Yes; on your chest so as to improve the voice of the country." Continuing, he said the Government had against the advice of the Commissioners used the pruning-knife in tbe Hallway Department to such an extent as to render it impossible to work it to advantage. He asked the Ministry to say that the arrears of work could be overtaken by tbe ordinary staff in the ordinary hours. "I do affirm that," said Mr. Holder quietly. Economies had been carried out by rale of thumb, con cluded tbe member for West Adelaide, and ao long as expanses were cut down efficiency was not thought of. Why were the men in high places not touched, was there not dearth of work there too? Then, Mr. Kingston's fiery speech being ended, calm onoe more settled down over the House. Five minutes less than an hoar was spent over Mr. Cohen's motion, but to all outward seeming nothing was gained by the sudden and copious stream of talk. Mr. BartleM kepi the Assembly amuaed for ■aore than two and a half hours oq Tuesday 07 a sprightly speech concerning the Pastural BilL He began by referring to tbe utterasoea of three ex-Oomauanoners of Grown land*— Messrs. Howe, Playford, and Bar?oyne—ud then mentioned the "sensible remarks" of Mr. Giles. Immediately, afterwards, however, he said he would oppose tbe Bill if only because "that squatter's bosom friend, Giles, the honorable member for Moorooroo, t-uppor^ji it, being prompted is that action by O?!.; - .11, who had reoa&tiy; gOQeover-tothepasf..:. i. t,. " He always pricked op his ears bt -. ■• a Mr. Gfles was epesfcing about lbs j.«t ~.-. "Gile%"lieaddedf)BDtentroasly, "fa L^wi up byOaldwell, bat I have the country at my tatfk" Ife Playford veatand aa interjso. $00, andMr. Barttett told him that he could feet teeth**he had ever done any good for South Australia while he was reigning. "I will no* aaythfc bemad his back,- said Mr. Barflet*, and tbe House laughed, for he was then standing immediately to the rear of the seat on whioh the member for East Torrens was oom fortably reclining. Proceeding, Mr. Bartlett said that payment for improvements reached more than doable the amount obtained in rent from the squatters for the last quarter of a century. Sir Thomas Elder had received £109,926, Messrs. Sella & Go. £18,289, Mr. Wm. Mortlook £11,236, and Mr. 6. C. Hawker £21,274. He was gUd, he added, that Mr. Gillen was keeping down the expenses for improvementa, and he would take this into consideration when the no-oonfidenoe motion came on. Here Mr. Gillen smiled oampla oently, and the House laughed. Mr. Lamsh«d now came between the wind and the nobility of the orator, for he began talking in an audible tone to Mr. Hawker. "I wish my honorable colleague would sit down," remarked Mr. Bartletl severely, and the interruption suddenly ceased. Some caustic oritioism on action by Me Gillen induced Mr. CaldweU to interject—" Don't be too hard ok the Commissioner of Crown Lands. You may be one yourself some day." " I hope the House will be better constituted than this •Den" answered Mr. Bartlett with emphasis. Referring to the valuation! of Mr. Httbbe and Mr. Bradford he said that the latter went down tbe wells and forked them to find out their value. "And there he found truth," said Mr. Kingston with a remtnisoeot know ledge of the old provacb. "There is more truth in the bottom of a well than in aotne corners of this Bouse," retorted Mr. Bartlett, who added that he could keep the House a fortnight by reading these things, but he must decline. A great eigh of relief was breathed just here. "The Commissioner of Crown Lands has too sharp a man on his right, H said Mr. Bartlett, pointing out the Premier by a wave of his hand, "and he being led by the now." The BUI, in his opinion, was a con glomerated mass of deceit. After he had been speaking for a little more titan aa hour Mr. Bartlett acknowledged that the House had a right to be impatient, while he was growing tiied, so he had better oome to the point. Hunting among his papers be exclaimed, "Where's this here Bill that CaldweU wants me to go in for," and a little further on when some remark called forth from Mr. Catt the interjeotion, " Quite right,' Mr. Bartlett said— 'Tin glad to hear tile honorable member say' Qoibe right' for it shows that there's one sensible man in tbe House.' There-was a good-tempered laugh which was intwewd to a roar when, tbe remark having been made the Bill wm too dangerous to go into committee, Mr. Grainger cheered, and Mr. Bartlett said, "Ah! I'm glad yon say 'hear, hear.' Nobody takes notice of a feller when he ppeaki." Here Mr. Castine, who has similarly eufferad, gave vent to a fervent cheer, and this encouragement was greeted thus— " Ah! Tut glad to bear the major say 'hear, hear. 9 I want cheering up a bit, for I haven't got a very good tune. I only perused the Bill this morning." Said Mr. Gillen—" If you took another week and read it carefully you might understand it.* "Ah,"said Mr. Bartiett reflectively, " there an good plodding Irishmen np at Clare who asked me to stick up for that little Gillen, because he was a good man for them. Well, I have tried to stick up for him, but I shan't do so much longer if he goes in for Bills like this." Mr. Bartlett com plained bitterly of the powers given to tbe squatter to sue tor trespass. If a farmer's pig strayed on to the squatter's land the "cooky" might be fined £5, while "for the third pig a bench of aquatters might make the poor devil pay £100. 1 have been suffering from pigs,' added Mr. Bartlett with tbe air of a martyr, "and they have eaten the shoots off my Tines, but I can only drive them to the pound. There you are—£loo on one side of the fence and a simple pound on the other." Here Mr. Gt singer interjected that it would be far better for the country if there were no aquatters at all. Mr. Bartlett resumed his seat with the statement that he would do all in his power to prevent the Bill from becoming law. Me Bacons gave a hearty cheer at the VrH union of the orator's master effort, and then Mr. Butler filled in the remaining 94 minutea to the dinner adjournment. An amuring episode distinguished the dinner adjournment in the Assembly on Tues day evening. Mr. Butler wm in the full Sow of his exordium on the Pastoral Bin when an interjection caused him to refer "to tbe innate sense of modesty with whioh I am afflicted." This was apparently too mnch for the Speaker, for ha immediately vacated the chair, and as honorable members trooped after him there was '? loud laugh at Mr. Butler's expense. On resuming, the member for Vatala treated toe House to some trenchant criticism of the meaamo, and wound up a forcible speech by stating that he would support die second wrffng. but he believed the administration of the Bill in ite present form would be very expensive, and feat, though its immediate effects would be apparently bene ficial, in the end it would prove very harmful Loud cheers woe beard as Mr. Butler eat down after a speech lasting for aa hour and a quarter, and tbe debate wae continued by Mr. Cock, who expressed the hope that the Bfll would become law this session. Mr. McDonald also supported the second reading, but Mr. Brooker was less pronounced in his friendship. He promised to give the measure every corewfaration, but at present was doubt ful as to what its results would be. He expressed tbe hope that if the squatters showed an inclination to hold the land from mittlmmit Socialism would stop in and resume it " Socialism has nothing to do with the country colored yellow on the plan," said Mr CaM well, with outstretched finger pointing to the map dwplayed on the stand to tbe left of tbe Speaker. Mr. Homburg prefaced his speech by a long indictment of tbe Pastoral Commission, and both Me. CaldweU and Mr. Holder became very restive under his attacks. "Why didn't yon give m all this on the motion far the adoption «t tbe report of tbe Pastoral OommawonT'1 asked tbe Premier, who saw tbe tame available for dealing with a? bud«et debate was growing steadily lees. "Beoanse,* answered Mr. Homburg, "as Attorney-General I had to follow my chief, Mr. Piayfard, bat now I am free to epeak for myself.' rhea, paacng on to the BiU, Mr. Homburg complained* of its complicated nature and also proteeteAagaiast tbe oo?oeesions given under it to tbe pantoralintn. He said tbe squatters had not come under the Act of 1890 because hope was held oat to -Ht t*>«* -mm. tiling better would be offered. After speak ing in oharacteristioally vigorom style for an hour and tbree- quarton Mr. Homburg sub- Bided, and unappreciative Minimi >ii?li?tii oraelly described hi* oration aa a clever piece of stonewalling, tint alleged object bemgto delay the eompletton of die budget debate. Mr. Solomon eeoned aa adjourn ment -all Tbuzsday. after the solid attention of the E*ias bad been de voted to pastoral matted for a-Bven and a half noun, Mr. Gillen asked that on Tbws day members would oomeiprepared to vote on the second reading, but Mr. Howe interjected —" Oh Lord! if you pase it this day two months you may consider yourself lucky." The Attorney-General oooupied 30 minutes in criti cising the new instrnetions to Governors, and a* the instance of Mr. Playtord farther talk was poctponed tOl Thursday. A motion for the printing of the papers MferzinK toatokn opium was earned, and the House adjourned at five minutes past U. Daring the afternoon tbe La-palaferve Council aamtdowa the Com panies BiU, and returned with inafiwinmiH tbe awatfeoaio-n AmeadowM 80, wmeh desk with the qwhwoitinn of voter* foe tbe Council. Five motions m favor of inwusaiij Ootoms duties are on the Assembly notice-paper for fchit afternoon. Mr. Cobao, who k ropooaibfe far three at them, seeks to- advanoe the impoats enbooH shoes, laatber, bate, aad iafc; Mr. Grainger wants a dor/ on copper aad other wire; and Mr. Oaldweu1 deafrea that mgber taxes shall be placed on -piaw apoda, imttaiVT tweeda, flaaaihy blanket* ruga, fingering yarns, and clops. To-day, ateo, if time permit*, wnieh appeaia vary mlnteiy, Mr. Bcookarwin mo*e --Toat tteotatfandq-g partiMi?^derilnrahWawJleeat BaokapHffl AmU Mbmit the dispwto to Mttarttoo/ 1 Thaw are 16 ordam of the day, one of them ft**** moMon by Mr. <aflbtsfrtto^ rftot that, in the interest of the terming oommnmty, the general elections be held not later than the last week ia March. This will cause univenal talk, and it ia morally certain that the House will ait late. The Speaker's dinner, however, will necessitate a holiday to-morrow night. The Legislative Council sat for nearly four boon and a half on Tuesday, wnenbofiineasof a varied oharaoter was transacted. Mr. Ward was primarily responsible for the wanting of the first hour in an interesting bat somewhat in effective discussion on the question of when bis motion regarding the treatment of the New Sooth Wales police; by the Govern ment should be taken. He urged that as it was •' no- oonfideaoe" in its character it should take [precedence of all other business. This Mr. Gordon warmly combated, and keot the vantage of Messrs. Baker and Ward in the wordy interchanges which ensued. The member for the Southern district was speaking when at 3 o'clock the olerk called on the orders of the day. "I move that the orders of the day be postponed until after the oondueion of the present business," said Mr. Baker, but Mr. Gordon cried "No" when the President put the motion, and the sound volume being in bi« favor Sir Henry decided that the next business must be proceeded with. " Divide," oallad Mr. Baker, but subsequently withdrew bis call, so the discussion lapsed, and the Constitution Act Amendment Bill was read a third time and passed. The debate on tbe Land Values A«tesanent Bill was continued and further adjourned. Mr. Gordon briefly moved the second reading of the Trades Marks Bin, whioh was earned and the measure taken into committee, where the first 16 clauses were passed without amendment. After the Minister of Education had read a return relating to the proposed declaration of Braemar as * polling-place, Mr. rTwflam asked for and obtained leave to withdraw bu> proposition. Mr. Cotton delivered a/oarefnUy prepared speech on the motion of Mr. Ward respecting the manner in which the Govern ment bad treated New South Wales regarding the passage of her! police force on September 7\. and then Mr. O'Loghlin suggested that Mr. Ward should withdraw his resolution, while Mr. Simpson expressed the opinion that it was now too late in the day to make it desirable ar mefol to proceed in this matter. Then this discussion waa also adjourned, and Mr. Copley moved for the appointment of a Select Com mittee to enquire into the question of special rates allowed on wheat coming from railsray statio?C in the north-western districts of Vio toria. After some debate this was carried, and the Council adjourned till this afternoon. The Treasurer reoaivqd the following letter from the manager of Renter's Adelaide agenoy on Tuesday:—" I have the honor- to acknow ledge the receipt of your letter of the 24th iasfe. The delay in replying thereto v owing to the matter having been referred to our general manager in Meloourne. lam now instructed to say, in explanation of the seem ingly erroneous message, that enquiry shows that our telegram of Tuesday last was appa rently mutilated in transmission. It read 'Deficit account,£Boo,ooo,'meaning that the balance of the deficit account stood at that amount. The word 'account* was presum ably received in London aa 'aooounts,' and interpreted to mean the defioh in the aoooonts for the present year, but our telegram also *atd 'Treasurer hoped cloee year without deficit,' thos qualify ing the apparent misinterpretation, that is of the first park of the menage. I tenet that this explanation will prove aetiefaetory, as our company in no wise intended to oonvey news of a misleading character." Appended to the communication ia an exant oopy of the tele gram sfnt to London, which was:—"Septem ber 21, 5 a-m., Adelaide—Supplementary budges deficit aoooont, £800,000; loan funds in hand, £1,800,000; half nnfioated, £900,000; required works needless borrow fall amoant; harvest prospects improved. Hoped close without deficit.'' The death is recorded of a very old and well" known colonist, Mr. George Samson, of Unley. The deceased gentleman was a native of Soot land, and after an experience of some.Ve*rs in various capacities in. the old ootmtry, made bis way to South Australia about 30 years ago.' After experiencing the vicissitudes of early pioneers he ultimately took over the business of the late Mr. John Styles, at Unley, wbioh he has carried on for the last 20 years. The deceased waa one of the most genial and papular residents of Unley, and was well-known throughout the oolony.' He served the Unley municipality in the capacity of councillor, and in many ways furthered die inteteetsof the district. He was a very old member of the St. Andrew's Lodge of Freemasons as well as of the Holdfast Lodge of Unley, and his death will cause a vacancy diffionlitonlL The deceased leaves a wife and family, consisting of four daughters and one son, the eldest daughter having married Mr. J. C. Hamp, solicitor, of Port Augusta, tome 18 months ago. The fifty- fifth half-yearly meeting of share holders in tbe Tmpgfikj Permanent Building Society was held at tine society's office, Monte Sore Chambers, Waymouth • etreet, on Tuesday evening. Mr. W. Burnet, chairman of directors, presided over & good attendance. The balanoe-sheet showed that the receipts for the six months ended July 25 totalled £5,117 16s. lid.; that the amount advanced on mortgage and on investing shares wat £2,737 IBs.; and that the sum paid out to shareholders whose shares matured during tbe same period was £3,679 10s. The rearing directors. Means. Burset, Holmes, and Jones, were unanimously re- elected. The chairman congratulated the members on tbe continued suooeea of the society as evidenced by the balance-sheet, and stated that at the present time so properties were in tbe hands of the society on which any loss was anticipated, although provision had been made for such a contingency. Tbe Inspeotor-Oenend of Roads (Mr. O. T. Hargrave) arrived at Port Augusta on Mon day, having travelled from Jamestown by way of Caltowie, Stone Hut, M«lnf«f?, Wilmington, andHozmka Fast, He left on Tuesday for Hawker. On Tuesday evening the Rev. H. T. Bur gess lectured to the North Adelaide Working Men's Amora'ation in the Temperanoe Hall, Tynto sUset, on "The future of Australia among the nations.*1 Mr. T. Hewiteon pre sided over a considerable audience. The lec turer spoke as to the great ad vantagqp possessed by Australia in her extensive territory, fine climate, religions equality, educational fao3itaes, sad political institutioes. These wps posMMMHift of which they might indeed be proud, and the worth of whioh all should fully recognise. The confedera tion of the various provinces was but a matter of time. Various Motions of the Qommanity bad already takstrfederated action, sash as the religious bodies and mentifio societies. An invasion would speedily bnog all the colonies together. Whether Australia were made independent of Gnat Britain or not the lime mast man came when she would take her place sawn* the nations and apt w> mistnas of the Sonthexa Hemisphere, On die motion of Mr. Belcher toe lecturer was gpry ntiKJly th^i^A tern frj. ff^ mi According to a return laid on tbe table of the Houaeof Assembly ooTuteday afternoon by tb? Ohief Beofotsry the total number of sheep in all landed estates in the oolony, over 20,000 acres in extent, is 599.794. and of cattle 4,488. The total number of sheep on runs leased from the Crown and. over 20,000 aores in extent is 2,989,496, wKMbe otttlo'oo. these row total U7.735. Ttafaalf-yaacly meeting of the Democratic dub wuTfarfaetd this mating. The Bey. Genoa Green win lecture on "Ooarfctip-«t tbeThebMta-TowttHallto- Tbe amwat meeting «f to South AmtraUan Rawball league wffllw bald at the Bwbaage Hotel this evening. Zfh. Haxfcy wffl launue before tb> Adelaide gjaritnaWstte itMi.ioiUWin this wveming on MBpintaalAdvHMeM«t.* The Gaasroolitan Friendly Benefit Society will meet at the Desuwntao dub ballon alter nate Wedmsdsya tram to-day. Studeoti intending to eater for tbe fortb ctmuff tHUJammOmlinu ik tbetheery of mam m iwbMthatthe*mostMadtheir name to the eejntrar of the Umvemty by Sfttaronr?MCtjOetobsrl. v^ Mr. Jamw Ataawffl lecture •* .St. M" iwri Ha& this eveoiiiff. Ob "W? 4) finaloiliti HvrUasdenm Afghsnhitwi* Tb? krtwa will be gives nateJ?M??Bta? of tbe &A.; OaWosia? 