The Argus. PUBLISHED DAILY. "I am in the place where I am demanded of con- science to speak the truth, and therefore the truth I speak, impugn it whoso list." TO CORRESPONDENTS. Letters and other communications intended for in- sertion in the new a columns should be addressed to THE EDITOR. Rejected letters cannot be returned under am cir- cumstances whatever. Correspondents are advised to keep copies of their letters, as this rule will be adhered to strictly. No notice can be taken of anonymous communica- tlons. Every letter must be accompanied by the name and address of the writer, not necessarily for publication, but as a guarantee of good faith. To avoid inconvenience and delay to persons in- terested, we have to request that all business com- munications, including advertisements, orders for the paper, and remittances be addressed to WILSON and MACKINNON, and not to THE EDITOR. Payments by post- office order, bank drafts, or Victorian postage stamps will oblige. SATURDAY, MAY 21, 1892. The historians of the present genera- tion are terribly perplexed by such questions as whether RICHARD of dramatic fame had a hunchback and was a murderer, or whether his physical development was only equalled by his moral rectitude. Nor will the improvements of to-day in his- tories, biographies, and journals save historians of the distant future from similar troubles. A problem that pre- sents itself on the first consideration of the subject is how will the writers, say of the 21st century (when existing parties have long been dead and buried), describe the " Liberal " of the close of the 19th century. One fore- sees for these unhappy gentlemen much labour and much anguish of mind, each of them conscientiously contending for his own view, and hurl- ing anathemas at obstinate but equally well-informed opponents. Let any one of us make the effort to describe the Liberal as the world now knows him, and he will soon come to realise the terrible task which we are bequeathing to posterity. There is no doubt as to the origin of the term. In Great Britain the Whig party of the " great houses," the party of the aristocrats, or the Venetian party as DISRAELI termed it, begot the Liberal, much to its own dismay, just as the Liberals are ill-pleased and half-alarmed about their own offspring the Socialist. But the British Liberal, after all is said and done, is a distinctive creature—a politician with a character so well marked that no one can mistake him. COBDEN was practically his apostle, MACAULAY his historian, and MILL his philosopher. He is a trini- tarian, for he has three doctrines, no one of which he would put before the other, and any one of which he would say includes the whole, his principles being—1. Free trade ; 2. Popular suffrage ; 3. Religious equality. And doubtless the pioneer historian of the future will be apt to say with confi- dence of the nineteenth century Liberal, that he was a man who favoured free trade, a broad suffrage, and non-inter- ference in religion—and he will make such an assertion at his own proper peril, for nothing is more certain than that he will be over- whelmed and routed by the critics who will rise up against him. The first of the historians will naturally be most confident with regard to free trade, as he will point out that the British Liberals were to a man free- traders (the opposite doctrine, as he will say, lingering only as a heresy in the opposite camp), and the great Belgian Liberals, he will add, were freetraders, while the Canadian Liberals, a most influential party, came together to resist the contrary doctrine. All will go well with this historian for a time, until some student of Australia arises in just wrath and quotes conclusive testimony to the effect that in the old days it was held that no man could be a Liberal and adhere to the pernicious doctrine of free commercial inter- course ; that this was the party test, and that he who adhered to the Canadian and the Belgian and the British view was anathema. The new generation will listen to this authority for a time and will come to the con- clusion that the Australian Liberal at any rate was somewhat adverse to the idea of fiscal freedom, until someone who dives deeper down discovers and proclaims the remarkable fact that the labour party in New South Wales claimed to be Liberals, and that half of them, includ- ing their ablest and most advanced men, took their stand on the very fiscal doctrine which the other half flouted. The earliest of the writers, those who skim the surface of events, may think themselves on safe ground in the assertion that all Liberals were for a wide-spread suffrage. He will quote from the documents of the day the assertion that " the Liberals trust the " people and their opponents do not." And, alas, tho refutation of those rash authors will be an easy task for their successors. For instance, there are no more distinguished Liberals than those of Belgium, and their dislike of manhood suffrage is unconcealed, and up to this day they have blocked the demand. The Belgian Liberals shrewdly fear that the peasant vote would be absolutely in the hands of the priests, and that they would be crushed out of existence by an ultramontane majority. The Belgian peasants, it is declared, are Catholic and reactionary, while the miners are irreligious and " red," and between the two the advocates of progressive and orderly liberty fear that they would dis- appear from the scene. Wisdom, they argue, would be replaced by crass bigotry and rash folly, and they propose no such end. Their recently deceased leader and expositor in his last words affirmed that the suffrage which would give Belgium the best governing body was the suffrage for him ; and the constant dread of MILL, the great English expositor of liberalism, was that a mere numerical democratic majority would ruin every- thing, sweeping before it all the in- dividual liberty which he held so dear. Indeed, the investigators will soon dis- cover that great as the reputation of MILL was with the English Liberals, no writer was more cordially detested by certain Liberals outside of Great Britain, his name being especially repugnant to the socialist division. " "The next form " of error," he once wrote, " will be that " of making all take care of each, " instead of each man being stimu- " lated and helped to take care " of himself. This will mean a " terrible trial and a crisis pos- " sibly with a speedy termination." Such sentences as these explain to us why MILL is repugnant to one class calling themselves Liberals, and yet the puzzled investigator will find MILL an idol to another class. Finally, if the historian takes his stand upon non- interference with religion as the dis- tinguishing Liberal trait, he will be con- fronted with the appalling spectacle of M. MERCIER, the Liberal leader of Quebec, who bound his Liberal fol- lowers together by his endowment of the Jesuits, and by haranguing them in ecclesiastical garments, and who was the priests' man or was nothing. M. MERCIER has fallen, pro- perly disavowed by the priesthood, owing to personal corruption ; but his last effort was an appeal to the " Liberals " of the province to rally against the con- servatism which was proceeding by intrigue and in the interests of Satan to undermine the liberal relations between church and state. In America the inquirer will note that there have never been Liberals. We have Republicans, Whigs, Free soilers, Copper-heads, Democrats, and Mugwumps, and, generally speaking, a varied and picturesque party nomen- clature ; but the modern English term has not been acclimatised. Possibly it is thought in that land of political equality that no citizen has a right to claim to be more liberal than any other citizen. The Democrat of to-day in some points approximates more nearly than his rival to the British Liberal, as he is an advocate of free trade and of decentralisation and of individual liberty ; while the Republican conforms more closely to the ordinary Liberal of the colonies, all faddists and eccentrics being found in the Republican camp ; and also he is committed to tho principle of restricting commercial interchange. Still, the "Liberal" is unknown in the States, and this fact suggests the fearful idea that the historian of the future may come to the conclusion that there were no Liberals in the 19th century, on the ground that if there was such a distinc- tive party it must have been repro- duced in the vast republic of sixty-five millions of English-speaking people, and on the further plea that the accounts from England and the colonies are too self-contradictory to be relied upon. But this will be an error. The true record will be that a party which called itself Liberal by a happy selection came into existence in the early middle of tho century in Great Britain to establish free trade, to broaden an unduly restricted representation, and to promote many long-delayed reforms. It was a great party with great men and great leaders, but, the historian will add, " it passed away, a new " generation having to face new issues, " such as the union or the separation " of the mother country itself. In the " colonies there were no such tasks to " perform, but party managers there " seized upon any title that would serve " their turn. The time soon came " when the colonists had to take sides " on practical issues without regard to " nicknames, and least of all to a " party title generally usurped by " the masqueraders and charlatans " M. MERCIER in one place and others " elsewhere—whom the English Liberals " unanimously disowned." No one would turn to a Budget especially to sucli a drab-coloured Budget as% Mr. Goscnr.N's last-for either humour, or philosophy, or intel- lectual nutrition of any sort. Never- theless the Budget speech of the English I Chancellor of the Exchequer is really a very nutritious bit of literature, full of odd and significant hints as to the social habits, the material development, and the general drift of tho English nation. The public pocket, in a word, offers a curious and quite unexpected but very expressive picture of that most complex fact-the British Empire. The English Puulget undeniably has its humours. Mr. GOSCHEN, for ex- ample, wept through several paragraphs over one surprising villainy per- petrated by the publicans, which, it seems, bears the mystic name of " grogging." This crime, as described in solemn tones to tho shuddering House of Commons, consists in pouring water into the empty spirit casks after they have been taken out of bond. This water dishonestly absorbs the spirit with which the cask is saturated, and so evolves an " alcoholic liquid " on which no duty has been paid. This process, which Mr. GOSCHEN denounced as "legalised smuggling," robs the public treasury of £200,000 a year; and amid " loud cheers " Mr. GOSCHEN announced that the "interesting pro " cess " of extracting say three gallons of proof spirits from an empty cask shall no longer be permitted ! The dis- covery that the British larrikin has a fiscal value, and has helped to smoke Mr. GOSCHEN into the possession of his modest surplus, must also be classed amongst the humours of the Budget. The tobacco duties yield this ycar'neaily .£10,000,000 sterling, an increase of £222,000, almost exactly Mr. GOSCHEN'S surplus; and Mr. GOSCHEN himself explains this by the circumstance, not that men smoke harder, but that they smoko earlier than they used to do. The general precocity which is the " note " of modem civilisation blossoms most. vigorously at the point of the pipe! Nearly one-half of the public revenue of Great Britain is yielded by the pipe and ' the beer barrel, and the British taxpayer,'.' speaking generally, either smokes or drinks himself into a beatific condition..of .surjüus. Out of a total public revouue of over .£90,000,000, tobacco and alcohol alone yield, roughly, £40;P00;000. Mr. LABOUCHERE wickedly"says in Truth that "Mr. " GOSCHEN has just squeezed through ",by; tho nid of influenza, brandy, and ".tobacco-;"' and it is a curious fact Inat.tho ¡pflueriza did send up the pro- bat, dutios £358,000. A good rousing epidemic, in fact, is nearly as service . able'to the public exchequer as a great industrial revival. The English Budget is, ot course, an eloquent pi oof of tho national wealth. Mr. .'.GOSCHEN, h_deed, grows almost poetical as he describes the sea of liquid gold, in which the gi eat ship of state floats. " Wealth," ho says, " is being " rolled up like a veritable riyer of " Pactolus ;" and out of its brimming flood, ho dips up annually, in his modest -little official pannikin, some -.90,000,000 steiling, a sum easily written, but whoserealdimensionsalmost baffle the fancy. The Budget supplies ?curious incidental pioof of the growth in national comfoit as well as of the drift of national habits. In 1S41 the iverage Briton drank 17_ ounces of softee, 191 ounces of tea, and 7_ pints of alcohol. In 1891 he contents him- self with 12 ounces of coffee, he drinks half.a pint of spielt? more thau ho did fifty years ago, but ho absorbs no less tha.i.87 ounces of tea ; a circumstance which, perhaps, may help to explain a good- many facts not only in our mortality, statistics but even in our literature and our politics. Might not a suáiciently ingenious philosopher, for exa_iplevdiscover some relation betwixt the quantity of tannin with which'the British taxpayer torments his liver and, say, -tho movement for Homo Eule. The.average íiiiton, again, in 1841 was confient with, 13 ounces of tobacco per annum. in 1892 the population of Great Britain consumes 26 ounces" of tobacco per head, including women and babies ! This fact is enough to make the very bones of tho Royal author of the. "Countorblast" shuddor beneath thoir marble lid in "Westminster Abbey. The' Budget sheds unexpected light on the lelativc prosperity of tho various classes of the community. The " cotton " lords " and " labour kings " no longer head the great procession of the prosperous. AVhat Mr. GoscnEN describes as the "quiet callings" prove to yiold more fat estates than even the great industrial pursuits. The total profits, for oxaraple, of the. cotton industry, with all its niilh and spindles, are less than the eai nings of the doctors of the United Kingdom as legistered in Schedule D. Lawyers os a class, again, aie proved to extract aioio coins from their clients' pockets than tho, coal-owners of the kingdom do from ¡. all their mines ! Cotton and coal as productive forces aie hopelessly beaten by the earnings of the stethescope and tho lawyer's wig. The instinct that makes mankind take physic and go to law is commercially more productive than all the inventions and energy of manufacturing in- dustry ! The physiognomy of a nation may be i not inadequately traced in its finances ; and when wo compare our own modest | and much abused public revenue with the huge figures of Mr. GOSCHEN, we have, on the whole, no reason to blush. Tho stage in civilisation of any state may, for example, be measured by tho value it gives to education. Great Britain spends ¿£8,000,000 in elemen- tary education, tho high-water mark of its expenditure under this head. But if it spent in tho same ratio as Victoria its I educational budget ought to be three Hmes .£8,000,000 ! ,Mr. GOSCHEN'. whole estimated surplus is only <£22't,000, or one-fourth of the estimated surplus of New ¡Zealand. Responsible critics, too, can bo-found who can hurl against Mr. GosciiEN'&lfinance; tho very epithets with which our own finance has been so plentifully pelted by so many diligent critics. Does not the Daily Keins, for example, accuse Mr. GOSCHEN quite in tho manner of our own familiar financial enemies with the manufacture of "fictitious surpluses," aud with finances " thoroughly bad and rotten " 1 Mr. GOSCHKN'S Budget, it may bo added, contains one historic " revenge " which may well satisfy tho ghost of Lord BEACONSFIELD. His famous purchase of the Suez Canal shares in 1875 roused the anger of Gladstonian critics to mere shrieking point. No one to-day denies . the political value of that transaction ; it gave Great Britain a control- ling voice over the great artery of Eastern trade. But it turns out that as an investment the purchase of the Suez Canal shares was a simply golden stroke of finance. When tho shares carry their full rate of dividend they will yield a return of £625,000 a year, or nearly 15 per cent.; while their market value two years hence will be, Mr. GOSCHEN calculates, £19,000,000 ! Lord ßE.-UONsrn.i.D'i- " blunder," that is, represents a profit to the nation of nearly 400 per cent. "Would that our own " statesmen " would commit a few such " blunders " ! " Ta-ra-ra-booni-dc-ay !" repeated ' eight times and with great emphasis on the "boom." Such is the intellectual refrain that has delighted London, the capital of the British Empire, the birth- place of CHAUCER, SPEKSER, MILTON, HERRICK, KEATS, and BROWNING, tho town which boasts that no good literary work can be done outside its hugo limits. One young lady has already made a fortune by singing the song. Let tho name of Miss LOTTIE COLLINS pass down to posterity as the first who thus with profit sang the enchant- ing . strain. The contagion quickly spread. All over London the song ?was being sung, and-still withiu the limits of the bills of mortality the tune pervaded the air. Next the lay made its appearance in the law courts. A rival singer was " cutting " in," so that by way of protection to a native industry an injunction had to bo sought. But the words, except of the refrain, are apparently unimportant, and, like the American or Australian politician's views, they " can be " changed." So the Court ruled that there was no property in an air, ' especially an air which by this time was circumambient. For the latest development, how- ever, tho world was hardly prepared. At the Empire Theatre in Loudon i French version offers a new sensation. Now, sensation "fetches" ('tis its own word) the Pall Mall Gazette almost as much as morality does. Fortunately, that paper is well known'as a guardian-of public morals, or we might hesitate to draw attention to its frontispiece, evidently by an admirer, or to quote the descrip- tion of the French version by ono for whom admirer is a mild term. "It cannot bo imagined what n charm " there is in tho lines of the song, trans " lated and sung in the soft, siuooth " flowing Parisian." So thore aro limits to the imagination, and yet somo of us havo heard French songs, and there is sense as well as music in BEIIANGER. " And then Mdlle. VIOLETTE is as naive " and daintily bewitching a, jeune femme " as ever exhibited a pair of dimpled " shoulders before the footlights." The shoulders, however, aro hardly the most conspicuous element in the picture. "We are further told that the young lady is " very conscientious "-a good word " and throws her whole soul into it " not to mention some considerable " quantity of lace and finery as " well. Tho house never fails to bo " ' fetched ' to the last man, while " the young rich hang dangerously out " of their boxes and appear simply " paralysed." Among the audiencowere H.R.ll. the Duke of CAMBRIDGE and .Lord RANDOLPH CHURCHILL. . It is believed that the former was medi- tating the conversion of the soul stirring strains into a military march, whilst the latter was reflecting on the marked superiority of civilisation to African barbarism. It is impossible, especially for a Victorian, to under- estimate the valuo of that strong central syllable, which is the making of the refrain. It is rich in sound, far-reaching ; for us' it is, alas ! too rich in memories and in results. At any rate, the success of the song has not as .yet..been great'in Melbourne. Something is amiss. Wo feel inclined to ask, with the late Mr. BROWNING, "Wanting is-what?'' Perhaps this something, this inde- finable element which we call charm, may yet be granted to us ;nor do we hear of the song " catching on " else- where than in London. At present, at all events, tho empire is not as the Empire Theatre. But shortly wo may all, in Capo Town, in Montreal, in Calcutta, and in Melbourne, be singing and humming it, oven as tho street boys of London. Wo aro ^generally a little lato in our hums. At any rate one good result is pro- bable. "Hush! hush! hush!'hero "goes tho Bogie mau," and thero aro indeed few who will be sorry to hear the last of him. He has had a long innings, and should be content ; but in the natural history of popular songs it is ordained that wheu a new song comes in, its predecessor goes out. Tho reigning favourite brooks no rival near the throne, and thero is always the prece- dent of Ministries. It is curious that moro attention has not been paid to the history, natural or unnatural, of the songs of the last quarter of a century. At the opening of the period Villikins and his Dinah were struggling with the daughter of a certain Ratcatcher, whoso residence would havo been in West- minster had it not been for the inter- vening Thames. Then the attractions of a young lady named Nancy were set forth, whoso domicile was in that crowded thoroughfare the Stroud. Should the dato of this song ever be lost, it can be recovered from the fashion plates, for the dress of the damsel in question . is described with some minuteness. Tho ladies retired before a roysteror who pro- claimed that his name was Champagne Charlie, though his origin seemed to bo rathor spirituous or beery than due to the noblest of wines. But the poor fellow was by no means as boibterous as tho singer who succecdod him with the rollicking words " Slap- bang ! Hero " we aro again." Onco moro the ladies carno to tho front in the lay that told of " pretty Polly Perkins of Paddington " Green." Perhaps our order is not quite accurate, for wo still desiderate that history, or at least a chronicle. Somewhere in the above list thore should be a break, denoting the reign'of King Christy with his numerous allure- ments- in song. Who, whatever his real name may be, could fail to be in better spirits when adjured in the words " Cheer up, Sam," especially when the later promises aro revealed ? In one of tho many modern volumes of reminiscences there is au "account of tho vigour with which Mr.' GLAD- STONE gave tho company "Camp " town Ladies." The chorus of that ditty, "Oh-da-doo-dar-dey," seems to suggest the nearest approximation to the word of wisdom written at the opening of this article. Meanwhile, Mr. FLETCHER, ot bai toun, has been standing at the door and demanding admission into this article. Ho cannot be refused, espe- cially as he is generally misquoted thus, " Let me make a people's songs, " and I care not who makes the laws." The Encyclopaîdia gives a contem- porary description of ANDREW FLETCHER us a "low, thin man of a brown " complexion, full of fire, with " a stern, sour look ; " and quotes his often mangled remark : " I said I " knew a vory wise man " who " bo " lievetl if a man wero permitted to " make all the ballads ho need not care " who shonld make the laws of a nation. " And we find that most of the ancient " legislators thought thoy could not " well reform tho manners of any city " without the Jiclp of a lyric and some " times of a dramatic poet." Hero there is work for a laureate, and it must bo fairly allowed that our present laureate has worthily produced ballads such as " Lucknow " and " The Rc " venge," calculated to stir the heart of a people. PVDDYARD KIPLING'S " Flag of England " is another admir- able instance of what can be done. But we wish the music-hall songs could really follow suit, could elevate instead of vulgarising. The famous Jingo song is perhaps the best of them all. No doubt its note was somewhat defiant, and in the tone that was commoner amongst the British after Waterloo. Yet it is better to havo too bold a heart than one too weak, and the Jingo strains did for a while something of the work that "John Brown " wrought for the Northerners in the great American war. The Jl.M.S. Oriental, from London, with mails to date 22nd ult., arrived at Albany vcaterday morning. She should reach Ade- laide on Monday in time for tile mails to leu\ e by the usual express train, aud letters should bo delivered here on Tuesday. The K.M.S. Austral, ot the Orient line, ]?. Melville TuUe, li.N.lt., commiinder, arrived yesterday morning from London after a Bucccsstul passage. Bis Excellency the Governor will hold a levee at Government-house on Tuesday, the Queen's Birthday, at 11 o'clock in the fore- noon. Gentlemen attending the levee arc requested to appear in uniform or evening costume, and to provide themselves with two cards with their names written legibly thereon ; one card to be left on the table at the entrance-hall, and the other to be given to the member of the staff who announces the names to His Excellency. It is requested that gentlemen who ure. members of the several public bodies will likewise cadi pre- sent a card to the member of His Excel- lency's stall', in order Unit he may announce their names to the Governor. Those gen- tlemen who have lcceived cards for the pri vate 'entree, will be admitted at, tho main, entrance, the other gentlemen at the ball- room entrance. The address adopted by the Legislative Assembly in reply to the Governor's Speech at the opening of Parliament will be pre- sented to Ilia Excellency, at the Government offices, nest Wednesday afternoon, at a quarter to 4 o'clock, by the Speaker and such honourable members as may desire to accom- pany him. It was generally understood among mern bera of Pailiament jesterdiiy that the Government did not intend to propose in the Legislativ e Council a motion similar to that of which notice has been given m the I oner House for the presentation of an address to His Kxcellenci the Governor proving for the removal of the suspended Ilaihvaj Commissioners from ofhci It was thought that the Ministry intended, on th it motion being carried m the Assemblv, to pro rogue Parliament convene a second session a few weeks'later and then pass a similar motion, which would have the effect ot ibso lutelj removing the commissioners Irom office without the intervention of the Council I rom inquiries made among Ministers, however it has been ascertained that the Government has no present mtt.ii tion of ignoring the Lpper House m the matter Vt the meeting of that Chamber on luesdaj vveekeithei the Postmaster General or the Minister of Defence (most likelj the formel) »ill tive notice of motion that an address be piesepted to His Lxcellencj pnjini, for the removal of the commissioners from oflicc If the Legislative Council approves of that motion, and the Lower House also, the removal from office natually follows If, however, the Council simplj negatives the motion, but takes no action in the direction of demanding the reinstatement of Mr Speight and his colleagues, and if no such action is taken in the Assemblj, those gentlemen will vacate their offices at the e\pirj of the session Mr Plaj lord, the Premier o£ faouth Aus traha, and Mr Homburg, the Attornej General of tint colon j, had an interview with the Premier yesterdos when considera tion was given to a number of mutters of mtcrcstto the various Australian colonies On the question of Chmeseimraigration, Mr Play fold stated that while vessels were limited to bunging to the coloniesoue Chinese passenger for every 500 tons register, winch was in tended to almost practically prohibit any uitloiv ol Chinese, the intention of the Chinese Lxclusion Act waa circumvented by captains of ships entering Chinese on the articles of their vessels as a portion of the crew and discharging them on their arrival in Austiaha Ot course, these quasi seamen had to pay the poll tax on landing but at the same time the provision that a vessel should only bnngto the colomesone Chinese forevery COO tons of her remstered burden w as nullified Such an evasion as this Mr Playford said W13 never contemplated and he BuggesteU that the Chinese Ls.elusion Act should be amended by all the colonies to prevent its recurrence Mr Shiels agreed with the suggestion and promised to open up com munication with the other colonies on the subject, with the view of uniform action being taken in the matter Mr Plajford then brought forward the desirabihtj of establishing intercolonial free trade but it was felt that owin^ to New South Males being adverse to the movement at the pre sent time no good could result by bringing the question forward An arrangement w as arrived at to amend the Intercolom ii Debts Act, in order to facilitate its working m certain pirticuluis Mi Shiels took advantage of the interview which he had 3 esterdav with the Preunei of South Australia to strongly urge upon lum the adv isibilitj of that eo'ony continuing to he represented on the 1 edcral Council, us so little practical progress wus now being made with the larger question ot the federation of the colonies It was nof desirable Mi ¡shiels pointed out, to let the 1 edcral Council fall out of existence until the federation of the colonies had been completed Mr Plai ford promised to bring the representations mudo by Mr Shiels under the notice ot his col leagues on reaching Adelaide w ith the new of having the mutter submitted to the Pur hament of that colon} Hie Premier of South Australia proposed to Mr Shiels yesterday at their interview that all the colonies should be requested to combine in guaranteeing the pavment of interest and the repa) ment of the principal of loans Hooted by anj single colony He con sidered that if this were done the colonies could obtain money on better teims than under present conditions After discussing the mattet however, it was seen that there were so many difficulties m the way of the scheme that it was îeally impracticable Among the subjects dealt with at the in- terview between the Premier and Mr. Play- ford, the Premier o£ South Au9tralin, yester- day, was that relating to the qualifications of the commanding oflicer of the garrison to be placed on the forts ut King George's Hound, the construction of which is now drawing towards completion. The Minister of Defence, General Tulloch (the mili- tary commandant), and Commander Col- lins (the secretary for Defence), were also present at the interview. The Vic- torian defence authorities contended that the officer in question should either be an Imperial artillery officer or a colonial officer who had passed the long course in gunnery at Shoeburyness. After discussing the matter at Borne length, Mr. Playford agreed that the South Australian Govern- ment, which is to garrison the forts on behalf of the colonies, should send one of its military officers to England to pass the necessary examination, and it was arranged that in the meantime the services of an officer from one of the other colonies possess- ing the requisite qualification should he secured., Another subject which wasconsideredat the interview between Mr. Shiels'and Mr. Play- ford yesterday was that of bi-metallism.andit was agreed thut if possible the colonies should combine and send u representative to attend a conference on the subject, which is to take place in England shortly. The desira- bility of securing uniformity in the compila- tion of the Customs statistics of the various colonies was also touched upon. Correspon- dence on this subject has been passing between the different colonies for some time past. Owing to the fact that in the preparation of the statistics, a number of importa are placed under different headings by the several colonies, the value ot the statistics for the purpose of comparison of trade is lost. On the suggestion of Mr. Playford, it was decided that an effort should be made to induce each colony to appoint an experienced officer to attend a conference, at which a uniform plan for the compilation of statistics should be decided on. Mr. Zeal, the Postmaster-General, accom- panied by Sir. James Smibert, the deputy postmaster-general, visited Williamstown and Port Melbourne yesterday, to inspect the postal accommodation and to inquire into the claims of each place for a new post-office. The residents of Williamstown consider that the present post-office is not in keeping with the importance of the town, and ut Port Melbourne it is desired that the office near the pier should be abolished, and that a new one should be erected in proximity to the town-hall. Having made the inspection Mr. Zeal will be in a better position to decide whether the requests made should be compiled with. lu speaking on the Address in Reply in the Legislative Assembly hist week, Mr. Salmon, the member for Port Melbourne, marie serious charges against Mr. Allison Smith, the locomotive superintendent of the Rail- way department. The matter has been brought specially under the notice of the Minister of Railways, who intends to ask Mr. ,. Smith for a report on the allegations. The dynamite explosions which occurred in houses at Urimnwick on the tiru inst. form the subject of a repoit to the Mmistei ot Customs by Mr Hakt, the chief inspector of explosives Most of the matter contained m the report his already appeared m the press, but oin point not there referred to, and on wlno'i Mr Utile laja pu ticuliu strcs-i i-, tint ¿real < .witton should be e\crci&cd; in h milling dj nannte cait nd_es He stutts that the djnaimte lound m tilt house referred to was shown to lum bv the officer m churge of the police cell at Brunswick, tint several of the cartridges were intact, and that in breaking themup he found se\ eral detonators embedded in each He « arned the sergeant of the danger connected with the handling of such ort ridges especially as he anticipated that the police intended to destroy thero In what manner would thej have dtsttojed them Most people would burn them, and Mr Hake, suspecting tint the police would adopt this couree, cuutioned them against it "V. hen asked how he would destroy thom, Mr Hake replied, " I would throw them into tim sea in deep w ater At the conclusion of his report, Mr Hake recommends that it should be brought under the notice of the thief commissionei of police and points out that the ordmaiv methods adopted for destroj ing d> namite might lead to a serious disaster, and that therefore the greatest caution should be obser\ed H.alsosugg-ststhatmfuturccascs of^explosion coming under the notice of the head of the police, he (Mr nul e) should be cotnmumcaU.d with, so that he may have an opoortunit) of making an examination before tim thing is disturbed, becuise Ins knowledge as un e\peit might possibly assist the police m their investigations At the request of the secretary of Trade and Customs, the Harbour liust Com missioncrs have decided to make alterations in the wharfage rates in certain classes of ¿oods 'I hese alterations, it is pointed out, will result m little orno loss of revenue to the trust, whilst they will greitlj f .edítate the despatch of business 'the rate for cocoa heans coiiarj seed, clover seed, giass seeds, and all othei kinds of seed and hops «ill he 3d per cwt bj weight nistend of Jd per cwt bj meisurement mjrobolams, twines, luna, and jams in cuaes will be charaedpackage ratea instead of 3s per ton bj weight, and vegetables, both salt and preserved, will be charged *M per cwt by weight, instead of Jil per cwt by measure ment Hie Minister of Public Instruction Ins de culcd to amend the regulations as to emploj ment m temporary unclassified schools bj omitting from the liter uj qualifications for permits to teach the necessity of passing the examination for the clerical division of the public service and also of passing the full course of free instruction in state schools The pioposcd alterations will be submitted to the Hxecutivc Council at au emly date, but persons holding either of the qualiiica tions which it is proposed to abolish, and who arc seeking employment, will have a mouth allowed them aftei the passing of the Order in Council to forward applications to the department, and thus secure priority over other applicants The proposed alterations will not affect those persons whose names are already on the employment register. Mr L J. Dunn, who for some time past has been emploj ed by the Mining depart ment in endeavouring to solve the mode of occunence of reefs at Bendigo, and the pos sibihty of forecasting the probable extension or recurrence of an> given lode either horizon- tal!} or verticallj, his forwarded a repoitto the Secretary for Mines, accompanied by a plan showing the line of the anticlinal axis of the Hustlers, Garden Gullj, and J.eiv Chum reefs on that field About 110 miles of strata has been described, each line being mde pendently traversed, with tie lines connect- ing them at intervals Mr Du"n expresses the omnion that these anticlinal axes are the key to the structure ol the Bendigo goldfield, ind that along them vast deposits of gold remain to be won compared with which the qu Hitit} hitherto obt lined is trifling "Within the comparatively limited area laid down on the plan there is, in his opinion, a large quantity of gold within the reach of the miner which will profitably employ the pre sent population for many jems Mr Dunn recommends that no land along these hues should be alienated, but should be kept foi mining purposes In connection with the militar} celebrations m honom of the Queen's Birthda}, the church parades which were inaugurated on the last anniversary will be repeated to morrow. Services w ill be held in both St Paul's mid St Patricks Cathedrals, the latter for the Hollian Catholic members of the force, while those belonging to the Church of longland, as well us other Pro testant denominations who wish to attend, will raustei at an afternoon service at Sr Paul s, commencing at half pist .1 o clock The Cathedrul chapter has placed the w hole of the seats in the building at the disposal of the military authorities, und the gcneial public will only be admitted by permits issued to the friends of members of the nav al and military force« Mr it Murray imitii win preside at tne annual general meeting of the Tree trade Democratic Association, which is tobe held on lnday evening next in the upper hull of the Atlicmeum 'I he busnics includes the election ot the office hearers tor the ensuing j ear, and the reading of the annual report 'I he meeting w ill be open to the public A Dunedin veterinary burgeon, Mr A Hamilton, believes (writes our Dunedin correspondent), that he has discovered the bacilli of tvphoid in the milk of cows which he is convinced were suffering from tj phoid fever At the time when tjphoid was rather prevnlent m Dunedin he believes it wns common among cows 'Hie sjmptoms in several animals he attended were similar, and ii each case the fev er ran the well defined course eli tractcristic ot tj phoid, and the success of the treatment supnhed supple mentury evidence ot the correctness of the diagnosis In his own mind he has no doubt w hatev er that the disease was tj phoid Milk drawn from the cowa suflering was found to show a broken surface, with uneven cells, some small and some large Near the large cells could be seen w ith the microscope some miciobes, which wete altogether diflerent to unj Uimg to be found in healthy milk A sample of the milk was examined bj a powerful microscope hy Dr Coughtrcj, iv ho found bacilli but as far us he wa» uw ue they did not difler from what is usuallj found in milk '1 he matter may probablj receiv e furthei in\ estigation at the hands of scientists Jhadbtrecla has for two jears past carried on an interesting mvestigition into the causes of bankruptcies m the United States, by examining, as far as maj be, the mum cause of each individual commercial failure (stijs The Times) J rom the statistics of what is c died " business mortalitj thus ob timed, it appears that the 12 i94 commercial insolvencies in 1801 were due to the follow ing causes -Luck of capital, 4,809, commer cial crises and disasters, 2 07u incompetence, 2,021, fraud, 87o , inexperience, 39J unwise credits, 509, neglect, ¡01 speculation, 141, failures of others, 279 extravagance, 2ii competition, «HI, total, 12 394 'Die total assets of these binkrupts amounted to 102,893,000dol , and the liabilities to 19317t>,000dol Ihus onlj about 20 per cent of the finîmes were due to vv hat maj be called legitimate causes such as commercial cises, disasters (fires, floods, failure of crops, J_o ) the failure ol others, und undue competition, v. hile four fifths of the men w ho fail are eithei diBhoncst or incompetent-those who fail through lack of capital (more than a third of the whole) being sometimes included under one of these tw o heids, sometimes undei the other, according to the circumstances of the ease "\\\eha\e received from Mr Walter Sheen, of Sydnej, the Australian agent foi the publishers, Messrs Perrj and Co s Manu facturéis and Merchant* Directory of Great Eritain and Ireland and Continental, Arno can, and Colonial Mercantile Guide ibis is »volume of over 2,000 pages and will no doubt, be found of great value by the mer cantilc commumtv It is divided into seve ral sections, BUCII as the London, provincial, Continental, colonial, and American, and in each of these the trades ure arranged alphabetically, the names of the difteient farms in each trade being arranged m the same order There ore also special sections devoted to hotels and to shippers A feature of the work is the index to trade headings, which extends to nearl} GO pages I he Malvern Centre in connection vyith the Mellournc University i xtcnsion lee tures have completed arrangements tor their thir 1 course 1 lu course will consist of six Icetuies 1} 1 rofcssoi t auric on ' J he I volution of "VTonliti an I will be held on ilternate Momhv evenings commencing Monda}, loth Tune next 'tickets for the whole course, puce 6s , arc now ready and can be obtained on application from the lion secretar} Mr Philip I ox, Ravensburg, Dandenong road, Armadale 'the text books prescribed are Spencers Data ot Lthtcs, and Sorle} s Nataialiim A limited number of copies have been ordered, and intending members riqumng the hooks should com mumcate at once w lth the lion secretary A reception m honour of M Blouet (Max O Kell) and Atadamc Blouet was held at the Austral 'talon }esterda} afternoon, when there was a lury. gathering of members and associates to meet the distinguished v îsitors Madame Blouet w -is presented b} the Salon with a han lsomc bouquet of chr} santhemums tied with the 1 tench tncolour while M Hlouet w as button holed m a double sense Amongst those who "ave vocal selections weie Miss I alla Miranda Miss Ada Crosslc}, andMdlle Drejfus MissBurdettTilbur} con tnbuted i pianolorte sole and recitations w ero given bj Miss Aimee Mooie and Mr Blas ched In thanking the ladies and gentlemen of the Salon for tin invitation to himself and Madame Blouet M Lionet said that since their arrival in Australia the} lind been fcliûun so much courtes} mid hospitality that a very little moic would make them bank rnpt smco the} could nev cr hope to repay it Mr J S Sui}the has received a letter from M Paderevvski, dated 4pnl S, in which the great pianist expresses Ins deep regret ai the po«tpoinent of the Australian tour, but stales that the constant succession of con certs m America, the long and fatiguing journe}s, with the inevitable nervous strain had so prostrated him thut the doctors had ordered lum complete lest Peierring to M Paderewskis American tour the Pall Mall Oa-ette sii}3 -- Hie record is remaikable He has appeared at over one hundred con certs bisides t,ivingliis services on behalf of several charities But perhaps his lost week is without a p irullol in the annals ot music He L/ive six farewell recitals in different towns and netted the extraordinary BUIII of 22 222dol I his is undoubted!} the biggest thing ever known in the musical histor} of Vmenca and M Paderewskis business manager refers to it with quite pardonable pride It beats the best records of Neilson and even the earnings of Mdme Patti, who appeals m America three times a w eek, for which she receives £3,400 Hie last recital of all on the da} before he left tor ] ngland produced as M Podeiewskis share some thing in excess of ii 300 ' .lie committee or the May l'air of the Goidon Institute to be opened by His Lxcol lenoy the Governor on ihursdaj, June 2, m the lown hall announce the following fist of prizes, which will be open for comnetition on that occasion bj amateurs only -The best basket of cut flowers, value of prize £2 2s, presented bj Lady Wrixon, the best hand bouquet \ uluo of prize £2 2s , presented bj Mrs J \ Lev pj , the best oil painting, \aluc of pn/e £2 2s presented by Mrs W I "Walker the best collection of sweets \alue of prize £2 2s, presented by Mrs alfred Cornish the best diessed doll, \alue ofpn/e£22s presented bj Mrs I L Currie , the best furnished work basket, value of prize £2 2s , presented by Mrs Albert V ise man An entrance fee of Gd , with name ifid address in a sealed envelope, must accompanj each article for competition, and be delivered nt the 'J. own hall on 2nd Tune before 12 a m Prizes will be distributed immediately aftci the opening of the fair Any contributions m money or kind will be most thankfullj re cencd, the former by the honorarj treasurei nt anj time Donations in kind should be sent to any member of committee, or to Mr Barber, the manager of the Ooidon Institut?, Bowen street, Melbourne, on oi before 1st Tune or delivered at the lown ballon 'lhurs daj, 2nd June not later than 10 a in A musical com erin, tone is arranged for this afternoon at the British Art Gallerj by Mrs Fred Jolley, who has secured the v oluntary assistance of Miss Ada Crossley, Miss Ramsaj, Mr Pallett, and Mi Gould Special music is dso to be provided next Siturdaj, these being the last two Saturday afternoons befoie the pictures are withdrawn from exhibition No cxtia charge will be made for admission I he art union will close next Satuidaj, and be di ann on the -0th mst y\Q are requested to state with lenard to llie arrangeuicnfc» for Uto oilklal e\ onlnjr part), to bo held ut Go\eminent house on Monda} evening, ato o clock, that all x-arria^es will be admitted bv the &t; Kilda road cutíante, mid will depart bv tho santo loutc Those cuesta who have the cards of entreá will aluhtat the main cntrauce, and the remainder at the ballroom entrance. Mr C A Pearce desires to acknowledge the receipt of the following subscriptions in aid of the soup kitchen to be opened at the Deaconesses' Home - The Bishop of Melbourne £10 Mrs Edward Miller, £5, Mrs Marj Anmu"e LS Mia? Mollison, £3 3S For the same fund WL have iccei\cd ¿--'a from Mr N Miine and LI from T L The lion secieUo of the Brunswick Ladies Bene volent Society decres to acknowledge the receipt of a cheque foi £°5, contributed bj, the Mavoi of Melbourne as ticasurci or the Hoods Relief Com mittet The Bishop of Melbourne is announced to pi eich to morrow morning at llolj Trinitj Church, hast Melbourne Ou Thunda* "(Ith inst (Ascension Da\\), at St Paul s Cathedri! there w ill he full choral matins and (tlebution at 11 oclock Ihc sermon will be preached bv the His nop of Melbourne Dt I T ttilhaiin will dehvci an address at the forLiiÍL,htl> meeting of the Womans Branch of the Melbourne Total Abstinence fiouctj, in the Tem perancc hall, Kusscll street, on Monday cv emiig-, at 8 o clock The Australasian United Steam navigation Com pam Limited intimate b\ advertisement that in cou bcquence of the Queen s liirthday falling on Tuesda\ (the usual siihnn date of their steamer Barcoo) the time of the Birtoos depaituie is postponed till "\\\cfIiiDsda> at noon The committee or the St Kilda Ladies Benevolent 5ociet> repoit havuiff relieved 50 cases wctklj during the fortnight ondina Wednesday 18th Slav The I cases numbered 1 'J adults and ehildicn The adults I comprised o0 widows «> deserted wives f» mariied couples 2i a_ed and Miinle individuals Ino evpen diturc for the fortnight waa Lil 4s 7d \ssistance in mono will be fjadh icccived bj thecollcctoi, Mrs Collier, I\irk road Middle park, oi by the honorai v treasurer Mrs Morrill, Punces street, St hilda Gifts of tlothlmr ma} be scut to Mr» Currie, Lildon, Gre} street, fat hilda 