CAN THE SEA GIVE; UP ITS DEAD? Sold l)y an Ex-Detective. CHAI'IEB I. THE GHOSTLY HAMST- Ili that'delightful suburb of London, H&rupslead;, cweH bit Charles Lesttr, a man not of greftt. wealth fur the position he h&ld; by bis rank. S:ili, be was j proud and haughty, and, Co tttoee j^lio offended biin, Etevii aud unforgiving. The bouse iu nhicli he lived was an old-faehioned red brick one, surrounded ivit-b a iiigii wall and Sae old trees, which shut out the charming prospect of the country mound. The windows were guaint, being formed of little equates—for Sir Charles would have bstn horrified &c; the idea o£ modernizing the dour old place. Ha bad for many years lived almoGt the life of a hermit; even hia own relations were received with such coidness that they called ss seldom as propriety wouM pc-imit. To this quiet mansion I had been summoned, and there I found Sir Charles extended upon a eofa bed, with a' era ail table - plaeeS by his side. On this table were fruits, u liicic, and a battle of physic. " lie seated, Mr Gerval," said Sir Charles. " May I off°r yuu aome cefreeiiuient.'" Nj, ib.iDk you, Sir Charles ; but, if yon please, we will to business. I always like to have the full particulars at once, and I would ask you not to keep, any .seoret from me. 0£ course, what you tell me' will ire in the stri'utcsli coulljtnoe." " (rood 1 I will endeavor to carry out your in., structions. I may as well inform you that this house has been said to be hsunted Ivor siacs the days of Qjsea Acne. X did cot believe it; hut now " Ho paused, his face bso&oie; pale, and bis lips quivered. Then he added in a broken voice : " Afoot Ik tieve it." "liaiieve it, Sir Charles 1" I exclaimed, in aatonishmoct. ' It would tako a great deal to make mo hciisvo any house was haunted." " Ttiat may be. llowaver, listen. You must know thfct my estates were entailed, but my grandfather, viith the eouseni of my father end myseif, cul off the entail. The rc-aeona for doing this were, firstly, heavy mortgages which hud been made to pay my grandfather's gambling debts—for we ail preferred fowil/ to dishonor." " Hut, Hir Oharlc-s, you are not po6r 1" " Hot as an onliiuuy mau,"enid Sit (Jharla?, with pride; "butiormy posilion terribly;so. Wei?, let. (hat matter pass. 1 came into the piopsrty, in due courfie of time, and set about restoring the family, fortune. Foolish idea ! I showed my knowledge of the world by marryin^/iv lave, a singer—boautiful us an angel. .But no matter; she diad in giving birth to a child. Oh, how I iovsd that cbiid 1 Perhaps 1 am to blame tor what happened afterwards. H'.-rfcert grew up tsif-wiilid, and—Heaven foigiva me for having to ssy it of my son (—dissolute to a degree. I argued with him—he laughed in mv i&uB; I bicscie stc-rn—he replied in equhl aogsr. 1 turned him from my doors, and ha fled-to America. But a vengeance more terrible thin mine overtook ! bun. Tun slip Etruok upon some rcc'is en the ooaet i of Australia and every soul on board perished. But ! time heals the deepesS wound of the .ili'-etionj a"ij j i forgot and forgave Herb.ri. I adopted a relation | a csu.in only—who is gov? at. college,arid on him ; I hive settled everything—aye, evun to my hssrS'e love, and well have I been repaid by his aftection." \ j ' Wen, Sir Charles," r said, " ii that is the case j j j ! j I trust truss yi u a;e at last happy. bsppv." " 1 should hs.vo been giosiisd th» iiivrontt. Then after a pause, ha sdeied in an awestruck wbisner' " Cun the eea givo uy its Send ?" " ' Tae intensity with which the qaestion was put somewhat etwtlcd me. Uooevet. with on attempt f',» »»•'«. \ 66*0 hisn to uudarstaiii that I was no bentver ia tr.e supernatural. lis fire*- himeeif nearer to.rue, sad said, ia a whifper: - ' My son.Herbert, who waadrowi'.a-l .-.t 503 bjunt'' th s bouse. I—///!»?«-, '' ft nui3t i)3ve been a deiu-i' a cr a 1,rick, my dear j sir," 1 remarked. ' N.-ither," bo said, earnest!, rv= his spirit, I had just an-ikt-neJ from a li'/ht d when by the ! inooaliBht wbieb cr.mo thrcngii that wind, lea* Bhiilo'.v elides across tbe roii'i ;Mil!it from an fS-xtion oi the spiae, aud can but ; nve with slawj . _ —- , r sica-.', and wiLb the greatts', L'jm. Ho sever, with some d'ib-'U.iy I managed to taisa ray-cl* 0-1 elbow to Wiltuil Wis ppec-i.'c-'d mdveaents. li glided to yonder ceoriloira-to open which you must touch a sc-cr>t sprins Juis iho apparition seemed to know, for it touched the epi-wg, /he oec-res arawsr Sew open.,and ths Spirit took thewrf document, d r «»«K.t s : r " wasnotdreamin^,"Mr. Gerval. "Oh, ho i I o^lled ppCfVfthb ;are ycu-wfcat do you want hereT The spectre turned tbo pals light of the moon the failures 0f my son Ue seaed 1i irrowfully at mo,and then vanished close by that old wardrobe." "A stsriiing story I" I remarked. "Have von se: a Eiiytbing since ?" ' " Only-only onaa-acd then it vanished in a moment. " Vou found the document ail right?" "•Yes ; but it had been opened and read " " And what was tho nature of tbe document f ' ? 1 inquired. "My will. The will iu whiish I leayi all my nro. petty to my adopted eon-^orgo Standing Since thc-n I havo had the will removed to an i»on -" And you.havenot seen the ghost since? •" Never, But 1 haveknown thatit has befh near •me. IhCTe hearait." 'tHcsrd it!". « YijBi . 'Have I. not told yqu that my wife was „ jip^er . Well, she need to play the harp admirably, When she dic'd.l conld act bear the Bight of ilia inj strument, and had it removed to a room where tftnotigsroia oabintfs and so forth, it bne remained" in spite of iny son's pleading tfaatif. should bs given I to Kim—for he was passionately fond of musin • i but X could nott'eEt ftisy onettj touch her hare so it I -cenuSBea remaipea silent sileat until anfil "—here "^-hera he h. paused,'-passed n.,,.^ «.<. big hand (Juickly over his eyes, and groaned. Then '<»?Jf«d« me, ho said, in a solemn 1 !:'>Bspgr;?.TJn'ta,A-'faw v/b.srnss '•l^nfil .if,-.-.. nights - . ' , ... _ that harp played lay—by—my wfic " -'< Impossible I - i h W . 5 . » AU.a \- - ^ i f o d j o t e l t i ^ A rem^ked I < '•^hatMpBrlebtlv tinv-- w ^ V r . . . S i S a t the Eame time 1 C t e i S ? ^ r t S i5 E' ° 6<s ™ Id j S entrance! I c'nld n.f f 1 V J.«-i i >not-I:«»ised notmove morning I went to the room, not into It'— i Icould not do that. I foond it Ioak»cJ nnfl l^it-» • X had Wt it. i examined the bolt, oad fSi dto i- «un atfll nn-diam —,V.""' 0 , ^ WB„ etill m.-thflm ". .l tee . ?»• «»*», . | your-adoptBd" ibn, ^rV'Gti>,rgb . : StSBaiBB-doei,, hi know any thing about this ?" I asked "I wrotehim all partiouiars, and I oxpccteahim here from Oxford before you," replied ;the baronet I wished you to consult with him " " Gontound it all 1 I thougbt, < Whoa wil' people l°arn to beep thai tonfeucs still ? But I said quietly to Sir Gharles, L am sj-e £ shall L most delighted, and 'i'he.£ODoroustelai)g of tho iodf 0 bdl interrupted A OoiMge came up tho drive, ai.d m f i w moments a handsome young ieHow burst into the room >0 a manner I thought, little littcd for a sick chamber. dear benefactor," lie cried burn a uo to •the bed and bonding o^rUesicHm "f what ," Jthis I Heart 'Oan~it fcs tbat-stitae walehea ave «v jng -by the e means-to rob you-to Ml y0 _£ VolkmgDnyourXtoo ssDsitivs nature*? Ol course being real epeatrea,' that's all woojehme "'Hush,hash, George 1" said S11 Charles fai itl , " you ate too boisterous or toe. Ijua is the senile man whom I have Jsedfetched from London to«olvt the mystery ana he say® tbat we jr.u t keep the matter en' alttely to osrselve loa mu t not kt a goal jn tho the hotiBg know OT fc ; s_ you nnHerdtsnd^ „ Mr George Sknaing Seclared fio did unaerstand SSSSSSawaS Dinner over, at Mr Standing's invitation I joined him in the smoking-room, where we had some capital cigars and ct>2:e. In coutie of conversation bs'lot drop the secret that Sir Charles's son bad to go abroad in consequence ol some forgeries he had committed. " Sir Charles never told ma that," I said, quickly, "No, 0" ciuiae he would not—the honor ot the family, and «11 thai kind of thing," said Mr Standing, soraewhathuskily. " And now poor Bertie has gone, tbo least said about it the better. But that was the case. Of course Herbert had to bolt, a" d— you know the lest-—he was drowned,'' " Vou are sure he was drowned?" " Positive. I do not know oil the full psrtiaulars b"t Sir Charles had tbe case thoroughly investigated, and there was not the slightest doubt of it. I never could make poor Herbert out. I suppose his erratic and bad qu&litieg; came from the mother's side." " Perhaps eo," I remarked, quietly. " You sleep in Sir Charles's room to-night!" " I do," he muttered, pulling forth a pistol, " And ic the ghost appears I intend filing at it." " Be careful, and don't shoot rashly, " I remarked. " It Sit Charles really did see this phantom, who can tell that it may not be some sleep-walker? And ia that case it would be homicide, though, perhaps, in the lowest degree." " Never fear me ; I know what i am about," he said. " Psrbaps you will have news by the worn- " Perhaps I ehisll," I said., and, wishing him good evening, scrolled out in the grounds. CHAPTEB ir. IHE MVSIEEI or tflE HARP. That night, being tired from the day's work aud the fresh air, I soon fell, asioep, to dream of all kinds of ghosts and mysterious music. Suddenly I awoke, and as I colleoted my thoughts, the sounds of music fell upon my ears, but not tbe music v> hich I had heard in my dreams. It was the music of a harp lightly touched, and yet with exquisite Jeeling. I do confess that after all Sir Charles had told mo, I began to feel superstitious for the first lime in ray life; but for all that I was not to be done, S gutting out of bed hastily, I pot on my alothes, tilting care, however, not to put on my boots ; for I wished to steal about the house aB noiselessly as possible. The music had csaeed by now, and all the honse seemed wrapped in silence. Taking up the lamp I gtntly unlocked my door, and stole out into tbe aorridor, Ail quiet. Indeed, after tbe shook my nerves had received, all seemed to mo most unnaturally quiet, and I could realise the old Baying—'" .is still as death," I was about to return to my own room when the sbarpreport of a pistol smote upon my ear. It was followed by a f>"iir,t cry, and both eame trorn th room lately occupied by Sir Charles, and now to.'-'amed cy his adopted sou. I soon found that not I uione bad beard the report of the pistol. Tha household had bcea eroueed, and lights began to (lit, about. "Qjiak, quick !" I cried. " Come here!" '•What ia it, sir? Wnat is the matter? nir.ndsd many of the servants as they hurried to wards me. " I don't know, ljut follow ni3. i would sooner have entered tha rooia alone, but t'aat eould not be. We knocked at ths door and calkd on Mr Standing, but no reply oame. So, ordering one cr two otbers to help me, we burst in th--' door. Gjorge Standing lay on the bed as pale as death. Indeed, whsu I first eawhitn I believed ha was dead bai the servants dashed water over his face, snd aiter a little while he recovered. In fact, I tbodiiht he recovered somewhat sooner than was Datura!. •'' Let 'ne get cut of this horrid room 1" he cried " I ateu it—1 have seen it 1" '• Scon what ?" demonded the servants, eagerly, "Mr .SSendins," 1 said, 6ternly, "are you a oow/.id, that n drenn could hivo eo IriahSencd you ? X'iiiuk how ill Sir Charles Lester is. By the way, 1 I-O'jiitinued, turning to the eervants, "some of you bad better go and sea how Sir Cnarlcs is. This mad freak—niybttn^re, or whatever it is—may have greatly alarmed him. Ths rest can go to bed. I wil!remain with Mr Standing." Of courssthe servants did not liks this, ns.it did ulI satisfy their cjdoaiiy ; but aB Me Standing, much to my surprise, ordered the people to obey me, they did so most I'eluatantly. When ws \vc-r9 alone, and the door eccurcly looked, I turned upon Mr Standing, and said q^istly : " Mr Standing, I ara not to be humbugged. What ig-tbe meaning of thi3 littlo game?" ! l " Game !" he cueliiiuned. "I do not understand you. What do you mean ?" He tried to look indignant, but I could see that he moved about uneasily, and there was that trembling of the upper lip wbioh no honest or truthful man over has. about the ghost. I believe yoif'tiaive^dohe&is; oiiiy to frighten Sir Charles, I do not believe in ghosts, and therefore 1 do not for one moment credit that Mc Herbert Lester amuses himself by marching about these rooms at ths dead of night. Sir Charles is ill; lie has been very severe with his son, whose death has been a heavy blow to him. Naturifly, in bis weak state, his imagination runs wild, and he fancies all kinds of things, and nothing so likely that his healed thoughts should run upon his boy. But you are. different. From what I can hear, there never was much love between you and Mr Herbert. Vou could only oonjnre up such a vision from one cause.", . "Indeed;! And what may that cause be I" he said, with a forood' laugh and a, meaning glance atmc. '•'""' " To kill Sir Charles with lear and t6morae. you knew the nervous state he4s in, and any great shock might bo his death. Take my adviea, sir ; go and see cba baronet atocce. Tell him it must have been f a dream." .. " By heavens, it was not 1" cried the young fellow, quickly. " Very well, then, if yon will not go I must," I g&id;, q-iietly. " Only X thought you oould have made the story so, ai to suit your purpose bettor than I shall bo alila to do," He thought lor a moment, ana then hastily wrsp sng a dressing- gown about himself, thrust his test into bis slippers, and, aiuttsring something about beins ready to do what I wished, although he saw nojise in it, left the room; waited until I was sure ha.would not return, then locked the door, I seized the lamp, and turned the light up a littlo way eo that I eould ego better. Then I began to examine the plaoe c-atcfully phere the Eptctre was said to have dieap peared. . "". ..,"'..- Tbe wall appeared solid enough;, J triodit gently Was gTven^orfb?* d 'SBadenly-:hjy eyes wafe-'arrested by a Bviotbn-thtfpoiished-boards. 'i knelt dowii and ex. I iouohed it I found that it was blood. Yee/UooiH."' I traced it jon jindtm, drip by drip, until I oame to the recess bv tha old-fashioned firsplaae> jilcte they ceased. J esaminedthe wainec«t carefuuv, ano at last discovered what appeared to be a emailenrved knob, which I screwed round and found that the oak panel on which it was Used yielded at oncc to my touoh, and I discovered a narrow, .opening, in, which .was a staircase, I found tho secret of tho spring utstae. and then, hayrig entered the pa sage, closed the dior oaiefully Up up, up I went, tor the stairease was spiral, when at la 11 found myself opposite another door, which I cxammed-earefull t apd soon discovered a Bimilav sprier as in the dooi below I was about to touoh it when low, sweet sounds of glorious music-rose soitl on the air—so softly that I could BWrctly btlicVB it to be of thiB earth I tarned the light ot the lamp Sown until it was onl a spark, and then placed it upon the «tep I tu tied the secret spring, pushed open the door, rfcich opened noiselessly, and crept into the Jumb 5 r room—for the s und told me that wa the anartment said to bo haunted It was ® fine long room, lighted snly on ono side by low, gaoled w.n down, through whioh th6 fitiul light of the moon now and then gleamed as she broke thrruga stormtent cloud By tins igni I managed to see that tiers were Iicaps of old, tarmture end such like things a 1 ou f , loplnng moot j»bo8* like m the gloom. Bat ops obj?ot firad iny attention, aud I became nhbd to all otheis II was a young pmn who was Bsateda^a haip, the siring of wii?h he touched pi iMtivslj, , whilstii wbls pale Suva ms turned with a: 30r offtul look to Che window m an netauf It wa that of Herbert T/sell 1 *, Jmt & fipastl? pale that Ts, most believed a n j. gbost^ Urpssnily fee touolied tho Btimgs ic.hcir louder ssudia foith tho waird sounds whiafo hau go scaled the 1 ouseliold f am like 3 gliost " Herbert Lester, what is the meaning of cbis folly ?'* I said. There was no doubt be was thire, flesh and bono now; for he turned roun 1 and grappled with me with a strength that I could not hava brlieved so frail a creature could have pijSGested. However, I soon bad his under my control, and said : " Listen to me, sir. 1 am your friend, although tho way I may have to behave may not secin like it. IVe hava not a minute to loso ; g-, if you please, you will just tell me what, the whob mii-iir moans, hiding nothing from ma. K:mc- ni''Jcr, 1 nay, 1. am your friend, and 1 mean it. Come; epc-sk out, and do not bido a thing." X.ie young fsllow eaw that I was right, aud briefly lold me all. CHAPTER III, BETIllIiDTIOS. Than, noiselessly and oiutiously, wo crept to ths door of Sir Charles Ljatc-r'a clot-ping apartment. By the dim light of a raaderateur latnp, which was only half turned up and oarefnlly shaded, I mw Sir Charles seated iu bed, propped up by pillows. By tha bedside stood George, his right hand grasped in the lon;< thin ones of tbe sick man, and tbe left placed over bis eyes. He looked the picture of griif. '• My 6on—for so I shall now consider you, Herbert bcini' dead—I fee! £bst but a few days, or at best weeks, can intervene between thie and my death. Ua, moi when we are iu fetcuug health, how little do we think of the ra.'briesg of our aelionEl But death, in dimming our bodily sight, opens our mental eyea and clears thsir vision. Harbsrt did wrong, I know ; but was I not to blame as well?" O'j, no, no I" sobbed the sorrowlul Goorge; do not say that. You could not bs to blame." '• Ah, yes, I was I But that is over—ha is- dead. You saw his spirit?" " f did indeed. I can swear it. I fired at it." " What could have brought it here? Stay, Gsorno, I have left yon everything ; but still I love my son. Had ho returned to ms and asked forgiveness, he should hava had it. I have grieved for him deeply, and long since 1 have forgiven him. Hay Heaven lorgivo hiru also I" " Surely, surely," sobbed the young man. " I pray for hia soul night and day. Oh, had he not forgid tht.se bills "—— '• Ho did not fcrjs those bills—at least, I have hopeslhat such ia not the case. Yesterday I received s letter slating that proofs of his innocence would scon bj forthcon-.iag. li.dted, lately 1 hava had several ceiuirunicatioiis oE almost, the like nature. S^mstiines 1 could almost fancy 1 reaognise llsibeit's stylo in the writing of these noKs."- " Ah, how ilis Bfl-:ctiom work nron the imagination I" groaned George. " No doufas some scheming wrctch has aone this." "It may be so, 1 do not know—l cannot say," replied Sir Cjarles, as bo paeicl bin hand wearily over " h id brow. " I feel as if 1 had ueen been in some horrible drear from which 1 am slowly awaken ing." "Who were these letters signed by?" a6ked George, softly. '•They are not signed—they are anonymous," replied Sit Charles, " 1 have placed them carefully awsy iu that drawer. You may examine them." 1 saw G:arge's eye light up with glee as ho left the bed end moved towards tbe drawer indicated. As ho did so, the 1 iklit fell full on his fane, &nd; 1 must eay 1 tievsr saw anything so evil. There was a devilish triumph in the thiu lipa, and the long, thin white hands moved nervously, as if eager to grarp the papers. To me that loot b trayed sll.acd 1 determined upon a bold movo. Motioning Mr Herbert to keep Btil), 1 moved quickly forward, so as to place myseif between the young fellow and tha drawer containing the letters. Pardon me," 1 Baid, quietly. " With your permission, / will examine these letters before you touch tbern," He eprang baok, his face first pale and then livid with rage, as ho exclaimed : " What tho devil do you want here, sir ?" " To do my duty," 1 replied, quietly—" honestiv and fairly; and that is more thau I think you eaa say. Mr Standing." " Sir Charles, am 1 to be insulted?" almost shrieked Sir Stindiuy, " SirCnarles has placed this matter in my banos aud will be kind enough not to interfere," 1 put i:>'. as 1 dr£w forth tha letters, and, cpsuing the piane;, took oat a letter. Siting that JlatSer Goorgei was ready to male 15 spring upon tha others if 1 put the.vs 0.1 fba tib.'o, I thrust ttiem into my pookas, and, admcning to the lamp, coolly commenced to read the one 1 bad iu my hand, although 1 knew tho coE£ ; ;Gts wouid not guide mc to anything. However, 1 took great care to watch my agitated friend out of the corner or my eye. ""Good wri'.i- -. {,n \ ,4'0:,.' ' • enough for tl.'.1:.';,. r. 1. 1 •. .••. ... , but •there.iis u uiksiiscs^ abioi -.1 . .::. . , .-; •..:: .. JislJs eatossttoe.' ths 1 packet,-bpeded ir, read tniii. I Sir Charles," . .-id 1, qiiict.,, '• jsvs yon . .> . those forged bii!-. i.^nd;- ?' He pointed to ha rvue : 1 y. y, 1 , | .. the bills in my nanu, companns them with trie letter. This is too bad 1" cried f!sorgo Staiidin,-. " In tho honor of the family to ba placed in t.'ii; f.Jloiv's hauds—a low policeman ?" "Better trust tha honor of tbe family in my hinds thau iii those of some people I know. Sir Guar!"* are yon prepared for a great surprise—an agreeable one, 1 hope, but one which may tax your ttrsni/th to the utmost ?" "Goon. 1 am ill, but 1 cm bear uli." '' Some of these letters, wherein your son esks for pardon, are no doubt genuine ; tha others are forgeries." ' Forgeries 1" ' Yes; and the man who forged those letti^s orged the tills." " Groat heavens I" George grew ashen whits. " It's a fact, and 1 can prove it," ssid 1. " Your son shall prove it," My eon! He is dead 1" cried the baronet., an angry shade gatheriag on hie face. " Bs calm. He is not dead. You ess- no ghost— you heard no ghost; but you did sec your son in the flash. Now, be calm." 1 am calm. Where is he?" draauded Sir ChsrleB, eagerly. " Here 1" cried HerbBrt. And the next mamcnt lie was kneeling at his lather's bedside. X shall not easily forget the glanca of hatred Georgegavo me at that mcmeci. As sponas'the father and he were calm enough, 1 said: "We had better wind this littlo matter up as quiqHy iind quietly as possible. Sir Charles, with your permiBsion 1 will take a chair. Gentlemen. 1 pzuy you will be calm and keep your tempers. Kamember /accuse nobody, and the shorter your answers are the quicker will this painful scone be over. First; ol all, Mr Lsster, how came you to be. playing ghost in your own father s house 1" " After 1 was accused of all sorts of crime?, iiT the advica of George, 1 started for Australia 1 was ihipwrecked, and having heard taat mv father lerused his forgivsncsB, 1 made my wav inland At last, all other tics being broken, 1 determined to return home, face my fate, and prove mv inpocaaa 1 communicated with George, who told me it y>" madness ; that iny father bad a warrant out agiiinst me, and I; could expect Bometoy. .Still, l ieturned, and being acquainted with a seorct assage which led from the ola tower in the rounds, 1 availed myself of it, determined to discovr wnai baleful in JSacnce was at work to keep my f iter's heart so -from me. : Knowing the ways :of this old'hOBS", I was able to glide about like a ghoBt . At last I was aucovered "by ihia gentleman whilst playing niy mother's harp." ."Great heavens I s ; murmured the baronet, ela=nleg his thin hands,. v "J. think.mast ghost sfcoriee' oould be as easily explained as tbia ono," said I, 'rif people would bot set aboutclearing up.the matter coolly. Goon, Mr Herbert—go on, sir " " The dread, ot "bemg tried toc jfj^ory kept me a way some time At la 11 ventured nil 1 wished to obtain tho fo'ged document , prove m» muocence, then father, humbly or ve your me,ov, Of course directly freoige lieard of the ghost. Jio knew who it wfl". Ho altempted my life jn the so aniu haunted ohamber I was wounded, and by the bio d maiks (liis gentleman traced me to the old lumber room Aty -stotv is tcltf— nd father, I er oould do tlie pathetic-business and m ©yes are nbt guea to neeprag but th" were d mp ih?n, and I nad fi nasty lump in toy throat At la i Sir Cnarlcs -releasad ins so», ma, turn tng to OfloriiB ding, said , « Gwge Si6L5'n& yo» have hearfl all that bps fBBid Can you dthy it? Nay, ia not add to jour many other ensues lispt oj Ijiag) I see jhe Ue is myonr train ^our Bcart, but t-ehokeB your throat. Confess all, and 1 will LOe only pivt TM«» tonrtyoufitoUflottofB?^' but, seifc yi u n uiytlisl eouipoieiicy on whicb you can livo abroad, v;bsrs your antecedents will be unknown, Tuiak bclore you answer—for your choice is finul Us ib'-ui ii. £cr a Djoijiect, and then said, sill I.-U- : " \v.ll, I : I.fc.s ti 1,1 1 did lay the trap into wJ.it 1 Lit!, riir C.n.tl's and llmbcrt feil. The .HQ wi.ab trie ris!., apd bold bb the game was i' i it. Of c.iuito 1 tried to keep Herbeit W't il-,:- 111 was scaitnhira in Mexico, I was F.-i'moe tumid upon 111c—he came back. / th.. wrti-jl: !" cried Sir Charl6B. "tiol Ksiv.r mere onl, t n.y pr.-rtnee. Go to your room, and llmr con.,, ii a fn;t c.iiJtseinu of your crime to pap: r. ii v iiUiuuine-sB shall I regulate the allowance 1 r.i'.-< i Ki'iiii you. Thea quit the house forrvbr. Ail 05 iirnucications bi.twetn us must now ba made Ibtoii;- lawyer. Go! "Wiih a hal£-di li.int air, tbe youni; fellow left the room, 1 toon followed liim, deeming it prudent to leav.) father au.i son slcme. As 1 sofily dosed the doer, 1 lir.ivd S r Cbarlea offering up a fervent thftiiksgiving tha'. the aea had givc-u up itsdesd. 