fÎHAi-TKR IX_A CRUEL Cossrin»cY. "There arc men about the house;" said Hannah, in a whisper. " - : ' . "Our necbors paesiu' by wi' their goode und chattels to be ready for thc morrow, per haps ; somclhin' unusual in Sampson's experi euee ; that's it, old friend, ch ?" , . , ,, Snmpeon wagged his tail for a 'moment bv way of answer, and once more stood sentinel by the door. "lt is a very dark night," said Hannah, "and I'm afraid ; it may bc that those cruel men are hack again from their shins. " "Nae, dinna fear that," said Alan ; "they Imo gin us twenty-hour hours, and it's rathci to catch us in thc toils o'«OHIOillegal act titan to put their eel's in the wrang they'll be scheming ; I dinna fear their presence, my lassie, until to-morrow ut sunset ; anti thc», please God, we'll bc cookin' nur evening meal .beneath thc pines nf Heart's Content" < "Don't go out, dear," said. Hannah,'cling' iug to his arm. . Tlic dog walked quietly to tho window, then sniffed at thc further door, and with a grumble fallowed Hannah and Alan tn thc old cushioned settle by thc lireplacc, and once more disposed himself in a pietnrosnuo atti- tude at Hannah's feet. "Gooddog," Bile said, "yes, thc had men are gone ¡ aud I prny God we may hear no more of them until it is daylight, When wc can seo their faceB." " Hannah, you arc trembling as if yon had seen a ghost . " Those men from thc ships ure about, I feel sure they arc, and for no good." "Nae dinna fear; I um linc inclined tn think ye aro reight ; Pat Doolan, by way of bravado,' said samethin' aboot turning thc two wee guns upon the ships. The man His tack ia a great co wu rd, end may be iit Would think it safe to dismantle the fort until such time as the removal V Heart's 'Delight is accomplished." "Thank God they are no longer near our doora!" said Hannah, ns Sampson seemed (o bc settling himself down more and moro steadily to sleep. Thc old clock in the living room of the Great HOUBO could now be heard as if afar off striking thc hour of ten ; it was very late for Heart s Delight. Thc note of time was echoed by a small timepiece in thc annexe which thc Keiths had called their own domicile. "Time's getting on," said Alan j "how quiet it ull is 1" " Yes," said Hannah, laying her head upon his shoulder, os they sat side by side on thc settle. " It will he quieter iu tho Back-bay valley," said Alan, "for there ye dinna hear the sea ; but the trees mok a music o' their aili, which isna much different." "The sea is very calm tonight," «aid Hannah. "Not a ripple on it," Alan replied, "and to think o' the Lord of Hosts letti»' yonder pirate ships ride at anchor as if they were un some landlocked mere ; ch, Hannah, I ken u. wondcrfu' place where » man o' war might just sleep Ly thc shore while thc sea tvae ragin'." '. Tho lake you talk of hy Labrador ?" " Yes." " But a terrible place, Alan ; thc sailors sec demons there ; and it was taboo even in thc earliest times when thc natives roamed this island from end to end." " It'e a woiiderfu' harbour ; it's a dock made by narine ; a sort of hide aud seek for mariners. One day when it's very calm weather as thc noo we'll jnst sail down the coast, und I'll show you thc way ; ye would think there was nae channel enough for u dingy, but there's a channel that would float a three- decker ; a waterway as gudc as thc entrance to St. John's, but it's disguised ; ch, ye canna guess bow safe it's disguised." They did Sampson an injustice to think lie was Bleeping. He had gathered that Hauti'uh did not want tho door opened. He knew that thc men who had been prowling without had left the immediate locality of thc house. He did not know that they had only gone down bf the beach to take counsel »ncc more by thc boats. Boritz and Ruddock had heard Sampson's growl ; also the voice of Alan. They bad hoped to find all ohed; both in the (Jreat House and thc annexe. They had now to revise their plans in presence of a watchful dog, and a strong and wakeful opponent. "Jim Smith," said Ruddock, ?'Admiral Ristack has trusted you with thc command nf this thing ; I um only a volnn teer ; it's naught to do with my ship ; it's Admiral RistacVs affair, and you arc his representative, and, therefore, mind ye on this occasion you carry thc authority of the King himself." " Very well," said Smitb, "Î um ready to do my duty, if I am rightly supported." *' Ye nccdna question that," said one of thc crew. "If wc dinna think imieh of ourleodrr wc hae undertaken tho job, and they say duty's duty at alt times." " Aye, aye," said tho others. .1 "Then, continued Ruddock, "my udviob and that ulso of this loyal man, Master fyester Bests, - is that one of jon have a-knife handy for the dog, and tho others crowd nil sail on Keith und secute him at any risk, dead or. alive; alive if possible, and gagged, ch, Master Bentz?" "Justso," said Rente. " I shall try a subterfuge," said Smith. ' ' " May a mau ask what a Subterfuge may be ?" said Nicol, who was a very matter-of fact Scotchman. " ~" Knocking at tho'door and -begging-for . assistance' ss if a body was in trouble ; Or Cay the fish stages arc afire ; or what you will,". "Andthen?" asked Ruddock. i ." Well, the moment bc shows himself seize > him." . ? ? .. "And thc dog?" asked Bentz, who. had. seen Sampson's teeth more than once. .1 , ?> -.' " Mardyke undertakes thc -dog, with ton ' iuches of cold steeL" . "That'sright,"said Mardyke. -, . ?'* "For which duty well performed,".said Bentz, -trna volunteer, am .milingio ¿ay ; out five golden guineas." . ( " Consider that dog dead," said Mardyke. " Well, then, we arc Agreed," said Smith ; "march, and take your orders from rac." " Aye, aye," said the men. " And uo one speak above a whisper." "Aye, aye." once more was'the rcspVinfc, and in less than balf-an-bour Sampson, at'flife ; moment when Alan aud Hannah had resolved. ' to retire, once more showed signs of-uneasiness, and at one bound, with a great lon'd, Jjayf- ?'? rushed to thc door. .- , .; "What is it?" said Alan, following thc" dog. Bannah clinging to her hushaiid's-urnj; -?. "A man in distress 1" said a voice if rom . without; "wounded, dying-help ! help !" i "Don't go out?" Hannah exclaimed, -ss Alan unbarred the door. ., Thc dog crouched at Alan's heels ready to spring. "Oh," groaned thc voice outside, ,Tdon'ji leave me to die 1" ; ' Alan opened the door. .... As he did so bc was attacked hy half-a dozen men beforo he could strike a Wow iu self-defence. At tuc same ihomeut. Ruddock and Bentz rushed upou Hannah, fastened her apron over her head and smothered her cries. . The attack was so sudden and complété that hardly a sound was heard beyond dtt first grating bark and growl-of tlnniogeVlte leaped at the throat of thc very mah wild, unfortunately, was best prepared for -the assault. '? (Toit continual. J .'. 