NOTES AND NEWS. The World's Fair at Chicago will be opened on May 1, 1893, by the Marquis de Veraqua, a descendant of Columbus. The Marquis is too old to go Chicago, but he will set in motion the steam machinery in Jackson's Park, Chicago, by pressing an electric button at Madrid placed in direct communication with the World's Fair by submarine cable. As a London correspondent remarks, what a change from the days of Christopher Columbus ! Mr. Henry Matthews, the Home Secretary of the Salisbury Government, will, it is said, visit Australia when she is relieved of the cares of office. He is a Roman Catholic and a rich bachelor, and his has been a noticeably firm administration. During his term he has had to run counter to the rosewater sentimentalism party, and once or twice (as in the Maybrick case he has had to submit. But he has left a good record of clean, firm, and, on the whole, just administration of a very great office, that of Home Secretary. The " globe-trotting " nuisance is rampant in India just now. " infested with shallow-witted and irresponsible people who remain just long enough to get a hopelessly erroneous idea of the complicated problems of Indian administration !" Thus Sir Lewis Pelly in the Fortnightly. ? A deluded reporter in the United States has a peculiar way of describing the starting of a race. His latest effu- sion to hand is :-" Go !" shouted the starter, dropping a square of crimson bunting, which I flashed really against the green behind him. " They are off!" roared a Latonia multitude in a huge, hoarse chorus, that rolled sullenly out from beneath the grandstand and booking shed, rumbled across track and paddock, was caught up beyond by the ribbon of stablemen and boys that fringed the far whitewashed rail, and was ultimately tumbled back again, softened and sweetened by the journey, a faint echo from the emerald hillsides. It has been hinted that Max O'Rell may write the introduction to the report of the next Melbourne Cup Day. if so, he might study the Yankee's description of the start. It is stated in the Kolnische Zeitung that at Amoy, in the district of Hay, in Belgium, a young man was about to be married to a young lady, when he engaged in a flirtation with another. This was objected to by the young man's betrothed. One day a trip to the forest was arranged by the offended lady, with three female companions. The promised bride invited her rival to accompany them, which invitation was innocently enough accepted. The forest was invaded by the little party, and at a given signal the four city beauties fell upon the unsuspecting girl. They beat her black and blue, and dealt her a dangerous wound upon the head. Then with cord around her, they drew her up to the bough of a tree. A letter carrier passing at the time interfered, but he was set upon, scratched and bitten, and driven away. A second champion soon came up, and with the assistance of the postman put the women to flight. Great was the surprise of the newcomer when he discovered in the lady his sister. The girl still lives, but the doctors consider her life to be in danger. Mr. Hall Caine's sketch of Morocco in a recent notorious novel should not be taken for the true truth about the African Sultan's dominions, or of the Sultan himself. Nevertheless, the condition of the country could hardly be worse, and if the Angheriue rebels gave it better government, success, could be wished to them. But Amurath j an Amurath succeeds in Mahometan lands, if not in name, in fact The Cincinnati (U.S.A.) Inquirer is in sore distress about a local racehorse. It says Julia May is in love. She is only 3yrs old. The object of her affec- tion is Dock, a large setter dog. These facts will not appear so surprising when it is stated that Julia is a filly, and one of the speediest that ever sped over a Western track. Julia's parents, the mighty Springbok and the peerless Easter Planet, were burned to death in the Megibben stock barn near Cyn thana, Ky. Julia was saved and brought to Latonia with the stable. The filly was a crack as a two-years-old, but, despite the assiduous attention of her trainer, she seems to be going back in form at present. This is due to her \- astonishing fondness for Dock, the setter. Julia will not eat unless Dock is perched on the manger. She cannot be induced to gallop unless Dock accompanies her, and she shows genuine distress when the dog is out of her sight. Mr. Mcgibbon is puzzled, and is thinking of killing Dock and of sending Julia back to the farm until she re- covers from her strange attachment. Queries Mr. Herbert F Spencer : How (under Socialism) will the individual worker fare if he is dissatisfied with his treatment thinks that he has not an adequate share of the products, or has more to do than can rightly be demanded, or wishes to undertake a function for which he feels fitted, but which is not thought proper for him by his superiors, or desires to make an independent career for himself ? This dissatisfied unit in the immense machine will be told that he must submit or go." " My father, says Mr. Dickens, Q.C., of his father, was an excellent speaker, and, like Lord Chief Justice Cockburn, had a beautiful voice. I remember his giving me some excellent advice on the subject of public speaking. It was this 'Open your mouth well and roundly, speak to the last person visible, and give yourself time.' " The Figaro tells the following An English Bishop, returning from a tour of the States, occupied a large double cabin with his wife, who was somewhat querulous and exacting. One night, during a storm, the lady complained or close air, and her spouse arose and opened a port - hole, whereupon a big wooden ball bobbed in, and kept on bobbing. The Bishop knotted up its string and hung it' on the wall of the cabin ; it bumped as the vessel rocked, and annoyed the lady further. So the patient Bishop let out the loops and and put the ball under his pillow, after which peace and slumber. The next day at dinner he recounted his adventures of the night, and bridled with intense delight at the roars of laughter which greeted the story. The captain recovered sufficiently to gasp : " Why. man-ah-that is, my lord that ball you slept on hangs at the end of the ship's lightning conductor !" It was characteristic of Prince Bismarck that on arriving at Berlin station the other day he should have called for drinks. No one holds stronger views as to the efficacy of alcohol in forming character. " You English make a great mistake in giving all your drink to the common people. The southern folk are born with a bottle of champagne inside them. We northerners have to put it in, and the moment we cease putting it in we shall knock under to the southerners" says Bismarck. It is reported that The Times is trying to arrange with Sir Henry Parkes to get the ex-Premier to contribute a series of articles on colonial affairs to that paper. Sir Henry, however, is now busily engaged in the compilation of his memoirs, and has no time for newspaper work at present. It is also reported from Sydney that Sir Henry lately thought of writing some poetry for publication - to supplement his famous " Murmurs of the Stream "- of but that Lady Parkes got a deputation of his old and tried friends to wait upon him and dissuade him from the dreaded enterprise. Sir Henry's poetry in his best days might well be warranted to kill at 40 yards, but if he let any of it off now there is no knowing what might happen in Sydney. a pretty story, but not true. Mr. Fairie, whose horse Galeopsis ran so well in the Two Thousands, became a millionaire in a remarkable manner. For a time, says the Sporting Times, he was in low water in Australia, when he came across a man to whom he had lent £100. The man could not pay him, but said that he had an original share in the Broken Hills, which he would let him have for £150. This was refused, and it was finally decided to play five games of care to decide whether the price should be £200 or £100. Mr. Fairie won, and out of this hundred pounds he cleared one million sterling, and it would have been three millions if he had stuck to the whole of the share. The Hawera Star reports an extraordinary case of what it terms " second sight." Mr. Douglas, a settler, who is 87 years of age, has not been able to read without glasses for many years, but now is able to read the smallest print without spectacles. Mr. J. Baillie, of Cadzow Villa, Lismore, N.SW., has in his possession the stuffed specimen of a very old parrot of the Rosella specie. Mr. Baillie took the bird from a nest at Cadzow Plantation, Leycester Creek, in the month of October, 1867, and he had it alive till about a week ago, when it sickened and died, respected by all who knew it. It will thus be seen that the parrot had attained the advanced age of 25 years, but strange to say the plumage of the bird lost none of its brilliancy. Here is a story of heroism and self sacrifice of a special order. About 15 years ago a middle-aged man felt himself dying at Marrickville, Sydney, without any relative in the world. He held a fortune of £4,000, and feeling satisfied that all was over with him, sent cheques for £3,000 in all to the trustees of various charities. The gifts were accepted, and the donor, unknown or forgotten, to his surprise recovered, and then faced the world in silence and penury. For years he lived in extreme want, never speaking of his former fortune or the way it had gone. It was only within a week of his death, which occurred recently, that he revealed his secret. I A cockatoo that was brought up in the Sydney Zoological Gardens was taught to say, " Walk in, ladies and gentlemen I Don't come all at once one at a time !" The bird escaped and was found with a troop of wild cockatoos attacking it. It was lying on its back fighting beak and claw-, and screaming out " Come on, ladies and gentlemen come on ! Not all at once -one at a time !" The bird was a typical Australian. Originality is everything, and un-English confectioner is up to date. He has begun to manufacture thin leaves, resembling sheets of paper, out of sweet paste or dough ; these sheets are then used for printing the pro- ' gramme of the play. This is done, not with ordinary printer's ink, but with diluted chocolate. The programme can be devoured, and if the play is a poor one, the audience can at least have a pleasant taste left in its mouth. Now, if he will go further and saturate his sheets with whisky, he may also make the practice of going out between the acts to see a man " an obsolete custom. Jiveryooajr has a story taken just; now on the financial crash of the down- fall of the unsophisticated director. There is a bright sunshine of truth illumining many of these statements, but few are more brilliantly lit up by veracity than the circumstance now to be recorded. A quiet citizen of Newtown, of no a great educational advantages, but with a keen estimation of the value of money, was tempted to deposit £2,000 in one of the companies which recently went under. He was in receipt of the interest at the rate of 12 per cent, for six months, when the manager of the company urged him to accept a position on the directorate. He was somewhat upset by this movement, but replied, after a few days' consideration, that he would act. Now the first official act of the director from Newtown was to withdraw his £2,000. Very soon afterwards the company collapsed, and the depositors have not yet drawn one shilling from the concern. Being asked what induced him to withdraw his money, the new director replied-: | " Well, when I saw you were so anxious to have me on the directorate, I jumped to the conclusion that something was creek, so collared my coin." He was a Scotchman. _ touching stories and strikers, this little incident may be interesting : " The proprietor of a large business was seated in his office, when a deputation of his workmen entered. We have come to lay our views before you, sir," said the chief spokesman, before proceed- ing to enforce them by striking.' 1 All right ; fire away.' ' We intend to work only 44 hours per week in future.' ' At what pay ?' ' Oh, the same of course ; we'll do just as much work ' Very well, go on.' Then the manager doesn't altogether suit us. We want him to be dismissed.' ' Any- thing else!' 'Well, considering the nature of the work, we think we ought to be allowed a little light refreshment in the middle of each afternoon.' ' Certainly ; proceed.' ' And we come to the conclusion that it would be detrimental to our interests for you to set on any new hands at any time until we have certified that we are willing to work with them.' ' Yes ; anything else ?' ' And that each man ought to have a fortnight's holiday, and double pay once a year.' 'Exactly; what more V ' That is all, sir, at present.' 'No, it is not; think again. I am sure there is something else.' ' No, sir.' ' Well, I'll just tell you then. You've arranged your hours of work ?' ' Yes, I sir.' ' You've managed to have the manager dismissed ?' ' Yes, sir.' And the refreshments and holidays, and the other matters you've mentioned V ' Yes, sir.' . Just so ! But you have forgotten one thing, and that is to arrange to get some fool to pay your wages on a Saturday, for I won't. Good morning.' " a Queensland policeman tells a queer story of the back blocks. He describes how, having received instructions to proceed in search of two men who were wanted by the police authorities, he wandered into the wilds of the bush. After riding for some considerable time without finding any traces of his quest and as the day was waning, he resolved to give up the search and make for civilisation. Suddenly the sky darkened the lightning flashed, and the rolling thunder pealed ; the rain descended in torrents, and the benighted policeman found himself in the midst of a dense and awful scrub, with no definite idea as to the way out. Riding in as furious a manner as possible for some time, he was overtaken by a vivid flash of lightning, which struck a tree immediately in front of the horse- man, splitting it completely in two. Hastening on the charger rushed through the opening, only to be brought to a standstill. On- examining the situation closely, it was found that the I tree which had been passed through had resumed its former position, and had thus caught the horses tail. After wandering about for some hours, a shepherd's hut was found, from which a pair of shears were obtained, and the faithful steed, minus his tail set at liberty. Policemen always tell the plain unvarnished truth, of course ! In a large portmanteau establishment in the London Strand a new development of the well-known type of travelling bag known as the " the Gladstone is on exhibition. miscalled "the real Gladstone." On one side the leather is coated black, while the other side is left the natural colour. The merchant naively explains that either shade i of colour may be turned outwards as circumstances suggest. G, B. Sims does not admire the modern style of cricket 1,000 runs in 1,000 hours. After watching Shrewsbury bat for four hours in his most sedate and scientific manner, G.E.S declares that he would have found a performance of the " Old Hundredth " by a young man learning the cornet particularly exhilarating. Thus a London gossips correspondent sends me the following inch i dent, which he hopes is not a " chestnut,' I sincerely hope so, too. A short time ago a strolling company gave a performance of Macbeth at a seaside resort. The aspirates of the Members of the occasion _ were' not on a level with his aspiration, and when, on seeing Banquo's ghost, he shouted in stentorian tones, 'Ence, unreal mockery ence, ence, ence, !" the effect was thrilling, and the house was greatly moved. But when the ghost, with a white sheet tucked round his neck, sat down on a chair in the middle of the stage, and a gentleman in the pit asked him, " shave or hair cut, sir ?" the audience gave way to tears. The School Board education of to-day (remarks the Pall Mall Gazette) is not a failure. Recently a Government inspector visited a South London school, and the following viva voce examination was overheard : Inspector to class of girls : " Why is America called the New world ?" Bright scholar : " Please, sir, because it was made last. Inspector : " No, no ; it was discovered last. Who found it ?" First girl : " Our teachers." Second girl, triumphantly : " Governess Third girl, desperately : "Why! the inspector." Their youthful minds could not imagine an authority higher than the " Government 'specter," and the name of Columbus fell very flat, and was greeted with murmurs of " Who's he?" 