THE SCAB ACT AND ITS ADMINISTRATION. Our article on the partial administration of the Scab Act. which appeared in our last issue, called forth a vile and libellous reply on tlio part of our contemporary, in which, casting aside the usual courtesies observed by journalists, he gives full vent to the envious and vindictive feeding by which lie is actuated towards ourselves. Criticism, when just and honest, is produc tive of public good, but when it is indulged in to cover malevolence it becomes as contemp tible as it is reprehensible. The critic is of course allowed to use all the arguments he can" command, and to avail him self of the strongest language tliat he can em ploy, but if the critic becomes personally in sulting he violates the recognised rules of Ids art, and proves himself wholly unworthy of discliarging the functions of the responsible position which he has assumed. A critic can be unusually severo with his opponent, but when he descends to vulgar abuse and does not hesitate to brand his op ponent as a "liar," and further declare him to be so deeply steeped in the vice of lying as to be preparing to excel in the school of Annanias — the chief of liars — lie exceeds the bounds of legitimate criticism, brings himself within the purview of the law, and places himself on a level with those whom polite society designate by the term blackguard. If one man were to call another a " liar " to his face, without any grounds whatever, he would probably meet with summary chastisement, and between a street blackguard and a literary blackguard there is merely a distinction without a differ ence. Personally, we could very well afford to pass over the vile calumny of our contemporary with the contempt it deserves, but occupying, aa we do, a place of public trust, we must bo jealous of our reputation, and must not only refute his vile charge, but also prove beyond all cavil that our article already referred to was based on facts, and on facts that cannot be impugned. Truth wo may say is reality. Vcru.ni est id quod est. It is that which is. And hero we iri.vvo bold to say tliat all the facts contained in our article as to tho " partial administra tion " of the Scab Act have a tangible reality, and were given to us by squatters who are directly interested in seeing that " fair and equal " justice sliall be dealt out to all under tho Act quoted. Our contemporary, however, on tho strength of a telegram, sycophant- like, he obtained from the Under Secretary, and on some alleged remarks of Mi-. J. M. Craig, the Chief Inspector of Stock, lias tho hardihood to ,i sort tliat our facts are not facts at all but are like " The baseless fabric of a vision Wliick leaves not a wrack behind." Assuming the correctness of his position, he excels himself in vituperative language, and concludes one of his vile paragraphs thus: "Had our contemporary consulted Mr. Craig on this matter before committing itself to the garbled facts it has seen lit to publish it would have been more to its credit, but it would almost appear that the height of its ambition is to matriculate f»r honors in the school in which Baron Munchausen, Joe Millor, and a party by the name of Annaruas arc patron Baints or rather sinners." Knowing that wo were hitting the Govern ment very hard, and that we were also bring ing down upon them the obloquy of the whole community for their partial administration of the Scab Act, to make certainty doubly cer- u.ivll, ivikj laj ouic uiiii/ o ur conQemuation was founded on facts, we did what any jour nalist of common sense would have done under the circumstances, and we submitted our proof sheet to Air. J. M. Ceaig, and that gentleman assured us that " our facts " were true and could not be contradicted. Our vilifier admits that if we had referred to Mr. Cp-aiq we would have done a creditable act — and we did refer to that gentleman — but Mr. Craig's statement to ourselves and Mr. Craig's alleged statement to our contemporary can hardly be reconciled. The task of doing so is not ours but Mr. Craig's. But pasEing from Mr. Craig to the Under Secretary's telegram, we will show most clearly that that document will not bear the test of a strict examination. The Under Secretary says: "Permission is granted to all aliJce to travel sheep from or through the Victoria District on to the Murchison as far North as Moorarie under restric tions as to dipping at Elizabeth Springs, the Mur chison runs being virtually in the affected district though not exactly within the declared boundary." Now, we have iton the testimony of several squatters that they Icnew nothing of any such permission as is here referred to, and that if it had been granted , that it could only have come into operation within the last few days. Airain, if such a permission was not necessarv why was Mr. N a trn 'r application to remo vesheep many miles south of Moorarie refused? Mr. Nairn was refused permission to travel sheep, while Darlot Bro3. were allowed' to do so from the centre of ail infected district, al though Darlot Bros' station by route was 50 miles inside the clean district, The Hon. Thos. Burqes was refused permission to travel sheep), but Mr. Monger was allowed to travel sheep through an infected district, .with the result tliat the sheep caught the infection and had to be quarantined for six months at Cheangwah ! The Under Secretary states Mr. Monger brought sheep from a clean district. Surely that ought to have been the strongest reason for refusing him a permit to. travel his sheep through an infected country and thus assist in perpetuating the disease. Regarding the refusal to Mr. Nairn and Mr Bcbses, the Under Secretary remarks : " The " refusals to Mr. Burg us and Mr. Nairn were " to take sheep to the North and Gascoyno." Let us see how far this reason is a valid one. According to the 3 1st Section of the Scab Act : " Every owner of sheep shall on the last Satur- " day in December in each year make a return " in writing of all sheep depastured and kept "by him," such return to be " made to the " Resident Magistrate or Magistrates of the " respective districts within which snch sheep " are kept and depastured." Now, Messrs. Nairn's, Monger's, and Darlot Bros' returns are all sent to the Gascoyne Magistrate, and for the purposes of the Scab Act, as will he seen by a proper map, they are all in tho Gascoyne division. Uenco, what in the name of com mon sense does the Under Secretary mean when he asserts tliat Nairn was refused be cause he wanted to go to the Gascoyne, when, as a matter of fact, Monger and Darlot Bros, were permitted to travel their sheep there ! To sum up : Mr. Nairn is refused permis sion to travel sheep 314 miles inside a clean district, while Darlot Bros, are allowed to travel 50 miles inside the same district. Mr. Burges is not allowed to travel sheep, while Mr. Monger is allowed to travel them 110 miles by route into the clean district ! As to the Chief Inspector of Stock concurr ing in the action of the Government, with the facts placed before our readers, and from the information given to us by squatters we must certainly accept that assertion cumgrano satis. But toroturn to our calumniator. In another paragraph lie writes. " Mr. Craig, we might add, has assured us that the Government have never thwarted him in any single instance nor has there ever existed any antagonism between liimself and head of the de partment to which he is responsible, while as for the efforts of himself and his assistants being " rendered nugatory," Mr. Craig says the most complete refutation of this statement is the rapidi ty with which the disease is being eradicated." If the disease was being rapidly eradicated what is the meaning of this paragraph which appeared in our contemporary on the same day : — " His Excellency the Governor jin Executive Council lias been placed to appoint the following persons to he Assistant Inspectors of Sheep under the Scab Act, 1893, viz., \V. G. Gregory, Lp.chlan Macpherson, Jno. Perks, Montagu Steel aud Michael Rowland." Had not the Scab Act been rendered farcica by the partial administration of its provis ions, would it have been necessary to appoint five Assistant Inspectors to assist Mr. Craig in stamping out the disease ? We have, we opine, fully freed ourselves from the vile accusation of our contemporary, and, while apologising to our readers for occupying so much of our space in rcplyingto the criticism of our contemporary, we can assure them that while we shall continue to afford our opponent abundant opportunities for the display of liis critical acumen still until the Telegraph is con ducted by a person with the characteristics and instincts of a gentleman we shall not in future afford him the gratification of a reply. Four insane persons, from different ports, one being from Geraldton, were on board tho Aus tralind on "Wednesday on her way to Freman tle. Their destination was the lunatic asy lum at that port. Two valuable fox terriers, which were sup posed to have been stolen from their owner, Mr. Robson, and which it is still believed were stolen, were found by Sergt. McKenna early on Wednesday in Gregory Street. Infor mation as to his loss had been given by Mr. Robson to the police, and they were on the look out for the dogs. There are six native prisoners on board the Australind, bound for Rottnest, from the North West ports. Mr, Jules Gascard has returned from the North West after disposing of all his horses. A Russian firm is reported having constructed a vessel the propelling power of which is electricity, and on a trial trip the speed was phenomenal. It is expected that the vessel will make the voyage frornNew York to Liver pool in 28 hours. A very curious will case is now being heard by Mr. Justice Manning in the Sydney Pro bate Court which is being watched with more than ordinary interest. The facts which came out in evidence show that a Mrs Hannah Cowell, a wealthy widow lady, died suddenly at her residence in Gladesvillc, and as it was presumed that she had died intestate the curator of intestates® estates took possession of her effects. Just as the curator was about to administer, a will dated January, 1891, which it was alleged was found Btuffed in thv lining of an easy cliair, was produced, but f it only bore the signature of one witness tt document was set aside. The curator win again about to proceed to dispose of the estat : when another will was produced, dated Octo ber, 1869. The extraordinary circumstances . surrounding the finding of the second will gives the case its supernatural and romanta interest. A servant girl, formerly in the em ployment of Mrs Cowell, stated that she ha . a dream in which an angel appeared and toL " her that an escrctoire - belonging to her lain mistress contained a secret drawer, and that ii that compartment she would find a will. Whether the angel was anything superior to tho ghost seen by Southey, remains to be proved, but the will was found, and among the bequests was one of £400 in favour of th' maid servant. It is a question, however, not withstanding tho information of the celestial messenger whether the will is good in law., as it is alleged that the provisions of the Wills Act have not been strictly- observed. The case is proceeding, and its ending is be ing watched earnestly by believers in dream:; and spiritual manifestations. We notice from an English exchange thi. Lady Broome is new in London, and that sk intends to publish a book containing .statistic-, of Western Australia, add reminiscences oi her sojourn in our colony. It has often been remarked that to obta J news of " home " you must go abroad for th desired information, and the following tract from Mr E. W. S tree tor's letter to Field on the "Hidden Wealth of Austral; is another illustration of the adage. I-:- ring to praxis and pearl shells, Mr Slav says : — " (The greatest, source - of wealth . Western Australia, as far as gems are coi - cerned, is from their pearl fisheries. Unhaj pily a system of wholesale license to pinnae-: is adopted by the Chinese, who obtain th : finest pearls from the divers at nominal price ; in comparison with their value. The exter of these robberies has reduced the incomr from this industry to half its actual estimate This in time will be checked, when the righ . sort of emigrants arrive, and when the worl 4 at large is brought to believe in the vast re sources of the country. Australia may well be called " the field for exploitation." Preg nant with every description of precious stones and gems, inclusive of diamonds, sapphires, emeralds, <fcc., rich in its gold and silver and other mineral mines, and with its important pearlshell fisheries ; with valuable exports, steadily increasing, and already, in some colo nies, actually exceeding the imports — Austra lia may become in the near future the El Dorado of commercial enterprise." The seri ous charge which is here brought against th® Chinese is we think based on very slender grounds,- indeed, we must say that it is the first time we have heard of Chinese 'being charged with plundering, although frequently accused of ail sorts of other vices. The following particulars jn connection with the preliminary hearing of the case against Wild, who wag recently arrested in Geraidton, will'be of interest to many of our readers. The extract is taken from the Sydney d-ustra- lio.n Star : — " At the - Water Police Court on the 23rd ult., John G. M. Wild, a solicitor, ap peared before Mr. G. K. Smithers, D.S.M., on a charge of having an November 3rd. 1887, misappropriated a valuable security, to wit, a cheque for £1000, the property of Edward Terry. Mr. Mann, instructed by Mr. Hawkins (Messrs. Carruthers and Hawkins) appeared for the prosecution, and Mr. Grr-er appeared for the accused. Detective Rochaix gave evi dence of arrest. Edward Terry, a landed pro prietor, residing at Eastwood, Rvde, stated that in November, 1887, the accused submitted some securities of mortgages. On the 3rd of the month he approved of a mortgage |from a person na-ned Bartlett, and he gave Wild a cheque for £1000, the interest on which was paid regularly-. He subsequently submitted; a certificate of title to property purporting to belong to a Joseph Kilpatrick, and numbered val. 2SI, folio G43. He (witness) handed htHi another cheque for ,£1000 to lend Kilpatrick on mortgage ou November 14, 1887. In 1889, after a trip to England, he found That th« interest on Kilpatrick 's mortgage was hot paid hp. From something he learned he called upon Wild for an explanation. The accrued did not account for it, and could not produce the certificate of title on which Mr Terry had ad- vanced the money. He (witness) had not taken proceedings on account cf Wild's family. Thomas S. M'Coruiack, a solicitor of the Su preme Court, and managing clerk for Messrs. Dea-r.e and Deane, stated that in 18S9hewas clerk to Messrs Jones and Jones, and on be half of their client, Mr Edward Terry, of East wood, Eyde, he went to see the accused at his office in Howe Street, in connection with some securities. The accused produced what pur ported to be a mortgage from Joseph Kilpat rick to Mr. Terry for £1000, dated November 14, 1SS7. He did not see any ceriificate of title. As far as he recollected 1)6 asked Wilda where the sertificate was and he realied that he thought it might be with some other papera. William E. Hawkins, solicitor,- gav:; evidenae of cvrtajri correspondence which passed between him (as t ug on behalf of Mr. Terry) ana the accused relative to the matter. Evidence was called to show that no certificate of title" num bered vol. 281, folio 643, had been granted to a Joseph Kilpatrick. or to any one in fict, be cause thje .folio numbers did not exct-. i 250. Evid nce was also given allowing Vhat the cheque for £1000, dated Novembewgwd, had - been banked by Wilde to hig own Hceovnfc Tho accused reserved his defence, and was com mitted for trial at the ensuing Criminal Gourt.- Bail was allowed, self in JE1000, and two in £500. Charles Everett, last heard of at Ashbnrton, W. A., is enquired for in Lloyd's by his mother and sister. " Robert Smith, of Barrack Street, Perth," says tbe Daily JNews, 'lias been exhibiting cab bages grown in tho Bunbury district which are 361bB in weight. We wish the Bunbury people would send Borne of their cabbages ou to Ger aldton, or, better still, thaL our own people would endeavour to secure such successful" r(S suits at gaideuing." The custom returns of the colony foi Novem ber show that 164,291 lbs, of ham, 41,133 lbs. of butter, 13,115 lbs of cheese, 8,338 bushels of o;-.t=, and 33,955 lbs. of dried Truit wore import- id into the colony during that month. A etron" argument in favour of Sir John' Forrest's Land 8'ittleinant Scheme. ' Me. W". II. Timperley, who was, for .many years I risp-ictor of Police iu Geraldton, has written another book. Commenting on it, tha IFest Australian say 6- " A copy of " Bush Luck an Australian Story," has \ leached th'is office! It is the second attempt in the domain of let ters. of Mr. W. H. Timperley, the Resident Magistrate of Bunbury, and marks a di-cided advarioc upon his funncr effort. The tale ii told in a very mtei esting form, and the sketch es of Australian hueh life and scenery are graphic, lively; - and above all accurate. Th« sci-ne is supposed to be laid in Western Aus tralia. Almost cvtfry chapter is worth reading for itself. Some of the incidents of bash life are really exceedingly well told. Tbe book was we believe originally published in a Boy's Magazine, ana proved most popular. The pres ent volumi is' published by the Tract Society." Mr. E. Lacy has been appointed Assistant In spector of Sheep vice W. G. Gregory resigned. Drs. Walter, Patter and Frederick Hitch are registered as General Practitioners " for the colony. A notification appears in the last issue of the Government Gazette to the effect that the Greenough Roads Board" have decided to ask the Government to declare a road, half a chain in width, from Scott Road along the South East side of Victoria Location No. 1055, thence in a straight line through Victoria Location No. 1300 to a level with Phelps' Road. On Wednesday the usual annual official inspec tion of the Geraldton Rifle Volunteers took place. It was conducted by ths new ly ap pointed Commandant, Lieut Colonel Fleming, I Tnri Adjutant Campbell was also prewnt. The I men were put through the various Company -drill and at the conclusion the Commandant I expressed himself as highly pleased both with the efficiency and general appearance of the ' Company- In the evening a Volunteer Ball took place to celebrate the opening of the new Military Hall. It was held in the building and was lamely attend.d, dancing being kept up till the early honrs of the following morning The G. B. V. band nnder the condnctorship of Bergt. S. G. Frankenburg supplied the music \- during the evening the rendering of which ' certamly reflected great credit upon the ha nd- l master as well as the other members of the f_haiid. B&&John; Foireet has withdrawn the Home- eteads Bill on its going into Committee. He feejg sure it would have passed in the lUpper I House, bnt thinks a majority of three does not warrant him in pressing it upon the country. It is a pity that Sir John has decided to take I this step. Wb had an opportunity yesterday of inspecting two splendidly built waggons turned out by Messrs. Burt and Bunter, the well-known black smiths of this town. One of the vehicles is built to the order of Mr. J. Giles, and is ad mirably adapted for sandalwood ana wool cart ing. The other, ordered by Mr. B. Prender- gast, Cue's, is table-top waggon, one some what novel in these parts. Although the vehicle can travel in the same track as other waggons, the: body -is made to come out over the wheels, is 6ft. 9ins. wide, and thus its carrying capacity is increased. Both waggons will bear enormous weights, yet the makers .have not sacrificed lightness to strength ana , durability. — j The Australind arrived at Fremantle at 11 a.m. lyeiterday. An adjourned meeting of the Incensing Bench was held yesterdays M. Brown Esq. Govern ment .Resident, presided. The other justices were Dr. C. B. Elliott and A. G. Lacy Esq9. J.'sP. A Wayside House License was granted to VV - 11- Liuthorae, of Dongarra, con ditional on his transferring his license to his sun, or some one else, when called upon to do ao by the Government Itesidcnt. A aimilar license was granted to Daniel Cream, of the Greenough River Crossing, on condition that he complete improvements tc secure sufficient accommodation in a manner satisfactory to the Chief of Police, Gerald ton. Boarding Lodg- \- ihg and Eating House Licenses — were granted to James Hackett and Jane O'Neill. At the Geraldton Po.ice Con t, on Thursday, Mrs. Hannah Ho«kcn sued Sim Bang, a Chinese domestic servant, for a breach of the Masters and Servants Act in absenting himself without just cause from " his lawful employment. The plaintiff claimed damages to the amount of £20, which the Bench awarded, but which the defendant, declining to pay, was sent to prison or a month. We have to thank the Premier for a copy of his speech on the Homestead Scheme sent ub in pamphlet form;.- .- - A cobhespoNdbnt writes : — " A very pleasant dance was given by the Givilians| of Geraldton to the local Volunteer force on Wednesday evening, on the occasion of the opening of the new drill hall. Your printer has made an error here in as any of your readers can see by re ferring to the published advertisement which shows that Civilians were privileged to attend the celebration at the rate of 7s. (id. for a double ticket, the Volunteers (paying only 6s. This of course made eaeh Volunteer and lady the gu-sts of each civilian and lady to the ex tent of Is. 6d. It's very pleasant to see such cordiality exist between black coats and red .> ones, and long may it continue so. But why call it a Volunteer Ball when the real hosts were not Volunteers ?" Thb Bev. D. J. Garland arrived at Dongarra by the last steamer and will stay there for a time ministering to the Church of England congregation there. We hear, with much 'pleasure that Masters Fred Jose and John Stokes, of this town, have been the successful candidates for the High School Scholarships this year. The tvyo scholar ships are each worth £50 yearly and entitle the winners to three years free tntion in the High School Perth. Matters Jose and Stokes are pupils of Mr. Oswell of the Geraldton Govern ment Boys' School, and the result of the ex amination ii a high testimony to his capabilities as a teacher. Mb. J- H. Smith, the adjuster of weights in Western Australia, has set Wandering Willie to concede 101b. to Portssa in the Perth Cnp. As the Bagot Handicap winner will not go west this summer his weight is of no consequence as far as the Perth Cup is concerned, but if Mr. Smith is within 211b. of the mark the Wander ing Willie we saw last autnmn must have been stones below the animal who cani. s all before him in his own country. Scarpia on his two- year-old running s'uonld bea pretty good thing for this race, provided he can stay, .and in any case he ought to be able to pick up the Flying " Stakes. — Australasia Thebe are «ixty inmates in the Boehourne gaol. " P.o's Wheat ley, White, and Crocket, who set out to the Ashburton in pursuit of native offenders for the arrest of whom warrants have been out for some time, accomplished the trip in less time than has yet been done, having travelled over 1,000 miles in a few days over three months. They left Boebourne on August 3 and returned with 25 natives in Custody on the 7th inst. Some of the natives were brought 600 miles, but none seem the worse for it, or appear to have been over-marched, being in good spirits and robust condition. The con stables were assisted by the police natives Miek and Nyullagine. North West Times. An adjourned meeting of the Geraldton Town Council was held on Wednesday evening De cember 7th. Present— The Mayor, (Mr. Jobb,) Cre. BeiUy, Hutchinson, and Critch. The pfdAnated available revenue for 1893, amounted bwUiiG, and was apportioned as follows : — — East Ward, £270 ; Central Ward, £200 ; West Ward, £100, leaving a balance of £70, for unforeseen expenditure. The Mayor stated that he had arranged th« matter of an over- Graft of £200 with tha bank without any trou ble whatever. It was resolved that out of the revenue for the forthcoming year that JS300 be expended in making new roads in the various Wards, and £270 in repairing the existing roads. It was proposed by Or. Critch and seconded by Cr. Hutchinson that a general rate of 5 per cent, and a loan rate of 24 per cent, on all rate able property be struck for 1893. Carried. A health rate of Id in the £ for 1893 was also declared. Proposed by Cr. Critch and seconded by Cr. Beilly that the meetings of the Council, in future, be held monthly instead of fortnight ly, and that if the business of the evening be not finished by a reasonable hour, the meeting to adjourn till some time convenient .to suit the majority of the members. Carried. The meet- ifigthen terminated. v Sandalwood is still low in price at Singapore. In fact the market is so dull that nothing is doing. Sats the Sydney Bulletin-. — "P. C. Monger (one of the six families ) just elected M. L.A. for York, W. A., is said to be the first Austra lian native legislator of the second generation. " The barque West Australian anchored in Champion Bay at 5.45 on W ednesday morning. At 3 ajn. on Wednesday the lone from the Abrolhos arrived in this port. The passengers aboard were : — Messrs. Beddoes and Turner and Dr.Laffan. The Mayor, Mr. Jose, who is visiting Perth this week, has been deputed by the Town Coun cil, to wait on Sir John Forrest, and, with other matters, to lay before him the necessity for a special vote to this Municipality for the up keep of the several country roads leading into the town, and which are at present largely assisting to drain the funds of the Council. W e hope that Mr. Jose's interview with the Premier will have a successful result. The efforts to establish a branch of the Presbyterian Church in Geraldton are meeting with every success. There was a large attend ance at the services on Sunday, the choir, with Mrs. limes accompanying, showed much im provement in its singing, and Mr. Varley's preaching was as eloquent and instructive as ever. On Sunday morning, at about 1 o'clock, the police entered the premises of one Ah Lung, a Chinese hoarding house keeper in Fitzgerald Street, and, it is alleged, caught several of the occupants gambling. The police seized the money to the amount of £2 3s. which was lying on the table around which the Chinamen were playing. An information is about to be laid against Ah Lung, and the case will come off in the course of a few days. We shall publish further information concern ing the Murchison goldfields to-morrow. The usual quarterly licensing meeting took place to-day in the Geraldton Courthouse. We shall publish the results to- morrow. At the Geraldton Police Court on "Monday Frederick Stevens was fined ten shillings for being drunk, and ten shillings or seven days' imprisonment for being drunk and disorderly. Carl Johnson, on a charge of drunkenness, was sent to gaol for throe days. Cr. Gray's remarks at the Municipal Council on Monday night with reference to bathing at Geraldton at all hours, and in view of the public, without sufficient costume, were sensi ble and to the point. It is to be hoped that the resolution which he moved, and which was carried, will have a desirable effect. We are glad to notice that our member, Mr. G. T. Simpson, supported Mr. de Hamel's amendment to Clause 19 of the Constitution Act Amendment Bill, the effect of which, if carried, would be a reduction of the resi dence in the colony condition to six months. As appeared in our telegrams, the amend ment was lost by 17 to 10. Copies of the Year Book of Australia are being distributed throughout the other colonies. Mb. Charles Harper recommends three steps which he thinks would have a beneficial influ ence upon the black race. " (1) Enact that no white man who had been found to have acted cruelly should bo allowed to employ blacks. (2) Forbid any black to remain in a township unless on business. (3) That the law of vag rancy should apply to natives within certain areas." Satibfactoby increase in the colony's revenue for November month. The Treasury Bills Bill has been thrown out by the Upper House. It should never have been passed by the Assembly. A carriage accident, which might have been attended with very serious consequences, oc curred on Monday afternoon in Geraldton. It appears that the Bev. Fathers lire re ton and Long were driving along Marine Terrace in a buggy, when some dogs rushed out and frightened the horse attached to the vehicle, and caused him to gallop madly down the street. All the efforts of Father Brereton, who was holding the reins, to bring the ani mal to a standstill proved unavailing, and the horse, pursuing his onward career, at length brought the carriage with terrific force against one of the wooden enclosures, erected at the side of the streets to protect the trees. The result can be imagined. The two occu pants of the carriage were violently pitched out on to the hard road. Father Long escaped with a braised leg, bnt Father Brereton was pitched head foremost, and how he escaped instant death is a mystery. Howevir, he almost immediately got on his legs, and an examination of his head revealed two nasty gashes on the top. The Bev. Canon Louch, who happened to be driving by shortly after the accident occurred, went to Father Brere- ton's assistance, and, taking him up in his car riage, drove him to Dr. Elliott's residence. The doctor examined the wounds, and pro nounced them as of no serious character. Beyond the effects of a severe shaking, we are glad to state Father Brereton now feels none the worse for the mishap. At the Geraldton Licensing Meeting the following applications were granted. Publi can's General License : — O. A. Trigg, Ger aldton, H. Hosken, do ; James Hanlon. do ; Annie Dow, do ; W. H. Jones, do ; Annie Hosken, Northampton ; Leah Mitchell, do ; Jno. Pascoe, Milo Inn ; H V. Eaton Green- ough ; Geo. King, do ; Jno. Perejuan, do ; Daniel J. Campbell, Walkaway ; J. S. Maley, Greenough ; W. Criddle, Dongarra ; W. Keeley Mullewa ; Thos. Criddle Back Flats Hotel ; H. E. Kenny, Minginew ; W. H. Linthorne, Mingi- new. Gallon License P. Stone Geraldton ; H. A. Spalding, do ; J. Aitken, do ; W. C. Petchell, do ; Wainwright & Co. do ; Crowther and Mitchell, Northampton ; Pearse & Co. Dongarra ; S. F. Moore, Dongarra ; Wain wright & Co. Dongarra ; S. F. Moore, Mingi- new, Spirit Merchants License : — Charles Crowther, Geraldton ; E. & F. Wittenoom, do ; Robert Leonard do. Billiard Table License — J. S. Maley, Greenough ; W. H. Linthorne, Dongarra ; W. Keeley, Mullewa. Board ing House Licenses : — Jno. Dignan, Geraldton; Henry Clarke, do.; James Stone, do; Mrs. McCarthy, do. ; Jane Orr, do.; Ah Young, do. Inspector Troy opposed the granting of a license to Mr. Daniel Cream for his hotel on the ground of insufficiency of accommodation. He also opposed Mr. Linthorne's application for a license for his Dongarra Hotel, on the ground that the applicant had already an hotel licensed at Minginew. The considera tion of these applications was adjourned. AThhe Geraldton Police Court, on Tuesday John Donovan alias " Jew Johnny," was charged by P.C. Watson with keeping an eating, boarding, and common lodging house without being duly licensed. The case was tried before C.B. Elliott, and A.G. Lacy, Esqs, Js.P. Several witnesses were examined on both sides. After hearing all the evidence, the Bench fined the defendant £5 and costs. The trial of a trespass case "William Cream v. some unknown person," also took place. The result was that the " some unknown per son" was fined three pence per head for three horses found trespassing on Mr. Cream's ground, and the costs as well, amounting to £5 17s. Mb. S. Smith, the contractor for the new jetty and Post Office, is showing a praiseworthy de sire to push on the works with all possible des patch. The determination he is evincing to carry out his contracts promptly is most encouraging. Tattersall's biggest prize, £27,000, fell this year to "Jack" Lxyton, one of the leaders in the great shearers' strike of 1890, who np to the early part of this month was far away in the North West of Queensland, over 1,200 miles from Brisbane. When the good hews reached him he was opal-digging in the Adavale Ranges, and he dropped his pick to scan the reBult-list. Hi b great lack didn't upset him — "though, of course, I felt a little excited for two or three minutes." He is a bachelor — a bashful, brawny, six-foot Scotchman, 30 years of age, and sober as a judge — a good bushman, a " gun " shearer, a miner, fencer, horse-breaker — everything. He has been in Queensland some nine years» and has spent nearly the whole time in the Adavale district. He leaves Sydney for Scot land on 28th instant ; three mates have come with him to see him off. The news of his good fortune preceded him all the way from Adavale where hiB fellow-workers turned out to give him a send-off, to Sydney, where be has banked his pile. He intends, after visiting Scotland, to return to Queensland — where he will have no objection to stand as a labour-member. Of Northern labor trobleB he speaks with much feeling. 