LITERATURE AND ART. AHBST peep at the Eoyal Academy reveals tbe fact that it is not a very fine exhibition" ana,that the power of the havoc-bearing fo^s au A east winds b;is not been belied. The Academy will be probably remembered as the "Gruesome Exhibition"— 1 » many «e the corpses, the crises, and die funerals that sadden the walls. Mr. Luke Fildes's picture of "The Doctor "—as prophesied — must be considered, popularly speaking, tbe picture of the year. Mr. Bramley's Cornish funeral scene, the pathetic " For of such is the Kingdom of Heaven," makes a strong impression, but it is not well hung} it certainly deserves a better place. . SIR FBEDEEIC LEIGHTOS is seen to admirable advantage with his " Perseus and Andromeda," and his " Beturn of Persephone," for these fine works look still better than they did when seen in hia studio. In the section of sculpture, too, he takes premierplace.hiBmarble "Athlete andPython" occupying—and deservedly—the place of honour. Otherwise the show of sculpture in situ does not make a strong impression. But the architectural room—that, it must be admitted, excites the usual thrilling interest. . THE popularity of Mr. Alma Tadema seems now to be at its height. Three of hie pictures were included in the sale of the Santurce collectiou, and each of them fetched over 2000 guineas. The exact figures were: "An Audience with Agrippa" (1861), 2550 guineas; " Vintage Festival" (1871), 2250 guineas; , and the " Amateur Bomain," 2650 guineas. | A STOUT in pictures is one of the oldest direct methods of placing a moral widely before the people. The old wood engravers of Germany, Italy, and Flanders preached in this way 300 years ago, and the 1 method has held good ever since, being repeated over and over again—sometimes with more and sometimes ; with less effect. A revival is on foot, and Labour ! Day, May 1, was selected for the inauguration. The | : workers in this instance are Mr. Walter Crane aa designer, and Mr. Henry Scheu as engraver, the result j being one of the largest and best wood engravings that i has been produced of recent years. The idea of the ! publication was conceived by Mr. Scheu in December last ; it was chatted over with Mr. Walter Crane, who ! had his design ready by the middle of January, and j then Mr. Scheu set to work on the engraving, reproducing the drawing line for line. j j ; Wnffl Johnson was asked how he felt when hi» tragedy of ' Irene " was a failure, lie replied, " Like ' the Monument." Mr. J. AI. Barrie's "Bichard Savage '' can hardly be termed an entire failure, for its authors were heartily greeted at the close, and Mr. Biirrie has already received two offers to write plays. But as if to emphasise that he feels "like the Monument," Mr. Barrio—wo suspect it is Mr. Barrie— makes good fun out of his critics in the Speaker. We believe that Mr. Barrie is unmarried, and would therefore willingly accept the following as autobiographical : " Old fellow/' said Anon, seizing my hand suddenly, " I wish I was married." "Why?" "Because my wife wouid insist it was a splendid piece, and say tbat the criticism was spite." " But would you really believe her ?" " No ; but it would be pleasant to hear her say it." LOCKIIAET BOGLE, whoso picture of THB Pibroch,"—representing a piper in the costume of 200 years ago strutting along the parapet of a tower, and " blawing wi' birr," while the clans are mustering for the fray—has been well hung in the Royal Academy, is a native of Glenelg, near tho Islo'of Skye. It may therefore be supposed that his interest in the Highlanders is not of recent origin. Mr. Bogle spent seven years in a writer's (Anqlicê solicitor 6) office in Glasgow, then tvect to D&sseldorf;, where he studied for four years under Professor Hansen, and finally came—like so many Scotchmen before him, and even since—to London. TÏIE Luxemburg Museum is to have a department of prints added to its collection, and in order to house it the authorities have decided to build a new gallery on the site of the garden of the " Petit Luxembourg." A sntocLAE action is pending in the Paris law courts between M. Jules Le maître, critic and dramatists, and a M. Joseph do Thicvres, who demands the suppression of his name in M. Lemaître's new play, "Marriage Blanc," " ia whatever way that name may be spelt." ML Lemaître refuses to alter his drama to spare M. Thiovre's sensitive feelings, and tho case is set down for early trial. It will be remembered that a. few years ago M. Duverdy, advocate in the Court of Appeal, Paris, demanded from M. Zola the suppression of the name Duverdy in one of his novels. 3f. Zola refused, and defended himself in the law courts, but without avail. Whether judgment in the Lemaître case will run on the same lines remains to be seen. Now that Sir Frederick Leighton. has seen the excellent "result of his letter to the people of Richmond protesting against the ercction of rirer-side ventilators on the walk between Richmond and Petersham, it is to be hoped he will again and again interfere with such schemes. There is Rosebery-avenue, for instance, which, by reason of its new buildings, is j ^becoming one of the ugliest thoroughfares in n on' FOUE days in the early part of June will have a special interest for all those who have a taste for etchings, for then it is that Mr. Seymour Haden's collection will come under the hammer. It has been stated the same event happens in the end to all collections ; but sometimes, as in this case, the event happens in the collector's lifetime. AKOTREE Aristotelian discovery, following so closely on that of the much-debated Essay on the Athenian Constitution, will provoke a certain amount of scepticism as well as interest among scholars. Dr. Charles Waldstein narrates in the current issue of the Nineteenth Century the results of excavations which he undertook at Eretria, in the Island of Euboea, in the course of which he thinks he has found the tomb of Aristotle. The Greek philosopher is known to have died in Euboea, and the sarcophagus, which Dr. Walstein unearthed, con- ^ . S ^ Only vnto a year AS WBU ago as a M new that and of popular a great : , - -. - , . , ,, —,. ' —- ^ m e d f nofc onl y a statuette, corresponding to the ! desc "P t,on we P° sse , ss An^otle s statute, but also ! « metal pen. cnt and slit like a quill, as well as two ; ^trumentafor writing on wax tablets, as though to S ^ u the if a T e ^ a ° f lefcte «- tomb of , PIato successor has really , teen found, the d.scovery is an interesting one, for ! ™ " 6 P ec ™ ett of a metal P® seenM e ™r to have j ^en found m Greece. ! „ .„ , , • MOLTKE will go down to posterity in the character «strategist. edition of his " Wanderbuch," and his "Briefe aus , Eussland," was published by Gebriider Paetel at ; Berlin. The former, which is now in its fifth edition, contains brief sketches of Moltke's wanderings in Italy, Spain, and France, which for their j graceful I A. "H style i and the amount of information form an : amo r „ lûeal guide book. The "Letters from . t . . - ,—--. : are of historic interest being an account of r.hn the festivities T(WI.lTir.iAfl pnnniv>fAH connected with iviil, the 4-Via coronation — of Alexander II., at which Count (then Freiherr) von Moltke was present in the capacity of personal adjutant of the Emperor Frederick, then Prince Frederick William of Prussia. THE director of the Paris Seme des Revues had recently the idea of obtaining from the great men . = Il g th ® ^uest ' on ' What booka " er " sea ,greatest influence upon your mmH mind î The reply from General von Moltke arrived a few days before his death, and, according to Dalziel, is one of the last letters he wrote. It is as follows : " Dear Sir,—I gladly complv with your de sire, and send you herewith a list of "the works which I believe exercised the greatest influence upon my mind. I may say that I read the ' Iliad ' when I was but nine years of age, of course in a translation. v ! , ? 8 ? T » \- a^Wûiy, Moltke (Field Marshal)." The « the l|st;of books appended : The Bible, Homers "Iliad," "Iliad." Littrow's T,ittrnxr'c "Tbe " Wonders of the Heavens," Liebig's " Letters on Agricultural Chemistry," Clausewitz "On War," Schiller,Goethe, Shakespeare, Walter Scott, Ranke, Trietschle. and Carlyle!s historical works. The letter is written in German in Moltke's own hand. The list of books ia in French. as a mathematician calculates, a man of 60 has fP ent th^ee years of his life in buttoning his collar, how much time has been consumed bya woman of 45 in putting her hat on straight ? THB girl who said " Hand me my fan, Tonî* ù supposed to have believed in ghosts. "WHAT flower of beauty shall I marry?" said a handsome young spendthrift to his miserly governor • to which the governor replied, " Mari-gold. • ' DBAH SWIFT says, "It is with little-souled people as it is with narrow-necked bottles—the Inèr they have in them the more noise they make in pairing it out." • ' , ^ "MY deer, I love thee!" as the benedictjnid TO his wife when she helped him to a slice of Vmiicn^. Delightfully did she smile; but how " " " are humbngged. DuRiNtf a Westminster election Fox by Sir Cecil Wrav. Oneof thead' a dead cat was thrown upon the that it smelt worse than a Fox. "That'is extraordinary," a&id; Fox, "ftnuidens " " 