Talk with a Diver. Dangore of the Galling. " I'm not going to tell you about ghosts under water, oorpses sitting upright in tlio staterooms of steamers, with books open on their kiioes, as if they had been reading when they were drowned, because I haven't seen such. Nor haB any other diver. You can't seen anything iu a sunken vessel. If anyone tells you such stories he's not a diver — except that he dives away from the truth." "Is there any skill required in the act of diving — I mean getting down to the objoot on whioh you are to work?" _ "No. That is to' say, no particular skill, onlyeaie. Youmustheearofulnot to go down the life line too fast, because if you did tho pressure ou you would be too sudden. But the art of going down is easy enough. The dress weighs a diver down. You see, his shoos weigh 20 lbs. each. Then he has on his chest and baok .weights of 40 lbs. each. In addition to this, the helmet and collar are heavy. Tho dress consist of two layors of duck, with a layer of rubber between them. To the top part of the dress a collar of copper is affixed, and to this the helmet is firmly Borewed after it has been placed over the diver's head. The helmet is large enough to allow a space of 8 inohes around the head, and there are three tubes through whioh the air reaches the interior of the helmet. Before the diver goes down, a weighted line is sunk to the spot he is to reach below. The life line is tied round his waist, and to his helmet is attached the hose through whioh the air is pumped into the helmet. The diver goes down the weighted line, the hose and the life line being run out as he desoends. As he moves about below, those above must regulate the life line und hoBe? and should be ready to pull him up as soon as they f»ot the Bignal — a sharp tug at tho line. Some pooplo fancy there's a rushing sound, or a noise liko thunder, made by tho air passing from tho hose into the helmet.. But that's nonsenoe. You' don't hear any sound oxoopt tho strokes of the pump. " If thoso above aro watchful for any danger signal, and, when they got the signal, haul tho diver up promptly, do they usually land him safe aud sound?" "Usually nut. If a diver is careful about liis work, nothing should happen.; but. if anything does happen it is usually nil over with him. A tug on tho line meanR death, especially if ho is down deep. The (liver docs not perish bncuuse lie ir cut off too long from the supply of air, but from the frightful pressure. Take, for instnnco, tho death of JenkettB, in 1878. Ilia hose burst. They hauled hiui up in 2 minutes. He was a corpse. I dont onro to describe his appearnnuo. It was harrowing. I can give you, from nn oxporiqnco of mine, somo idea of .the press uro. I wft« at work boloWi whon sud denly the supply of air gave out. I tugged tho life Imc. Fortunately I wasn't in very rlecp water, nnd they hauled mo out alive. But I fri t while they were hauling me up as if I lmd a hydrnulio jaolt on each side of my head. . The hose had not burst, anil tho pump had been working all right, so we wore at n loss to know why the supply of air had given out till wd' made a' oareful examination of the hose. Wo found a lot of paper bnlls in it. I don't know anyone who is an enemy of mine, so in my case a fool must have put the paper balls in the hose. The kinii of danger I have just described — that of tho Btoppago of air and denth from pressure —is perhaps the greatest, boouusti a diver can't, do anything to avoid it. It is tho danger of aooident through oiroumstanoes beyond his control. . "There is another danger, and a very ouriouB one, too, whioh, for tunately, howevor, iB not > often in curred. The dress of a diver is fearfully heavy and hot. On a warm day the perspiration from a diver, while his dress is being, put, on, will sometimes show through the duck and rubber. > Now, when you get into the water the -delight- ful coolness makes you drowsy. Divers notuully go to sloep over their work. I have fallen asleep but onoe. I slopt at the bottom of a creek soundly for one hoar and a half. Now suppose you had a job that you could work at only during one hour of slaok water, and on going below you fell asleop, nnd slept ovor your time. The tide would come with a rush, your hose and rope would snap, and that would be the end of you." — Million. 