STORYCOLMi A LBVBENSG LBE. The Stopy of a Double Life. By LILY TINSLEY, OF "TINSLEY'S MAGAZINE." Author of "A Day op Reckoning," "In Che Ring," "Tiie Child op the Shadow," "ALondonSeouet," "CousinDiok," " Blaokwateb Towebs," & o. All Queensland Rights Resetted. PART THE SECOND. CnAriEE XIV. — (Continued.') It had been agreed that Leo was, if possible, to be kept in ignorance that there was such a person as Sir Lawrence Huntingforcl, a very necessary precaution, and by no means a difficult one, since he was bo loath to qait his' lodgings, and in a very short time, as it was proposed,' would leavo England in company with some chosen accomplices of Royal's, who were not likely to allow him to return. Though reassured in hie mind as to Royal's attitude towards him, tho Rat oould not hut feel a pang of regret that tho triok whioh he had planned moro out of that real devilment which had led him on ' , in all his work, than from tho actual wish i to divert suspicion, should bo tho means 'of inflicting a new and cruel injustice ' upon au innocent young man. Oneo out of the sui'o, lie had to restore i feeling to his benumbed limbs. This ;task accomplished, he glided noiselessly .to tho pioture cupboard, removed the money bags ono by one into the safe, unlocked with his own keys his desk and en inner drawer, placed within the key of tho safe, making all secure again, and . then disposed himself carefully within the iron giant. The whole trick was accom plished in a way whioh without doubt would make any solution to the puzzle impossible. He had meant to remain, as he said to "himself with a smile, 'at large,' until close upon the morning, that is to say waiting jintil the last moment to enter the safe, so that his exit from it in the oonfueion attendant upon tho discovery of the robbery would he the more easily, safely, and quickly accomplished. But ho changed this plan not without regret, for he knew tho effort whioh he shuuld require to support the torture of the cramped porition all the long hours of the night. For the lod'e sleep became .after a little so disturbed that his waking seemed at any moment inevitable. He lay with his face hidden so , that the Rat had no chance of recognising him. It was well the former took this pre caution, for in n little while his senses, racked by a horrible dream, in which ho < was tormented by a thousands ghosts of tho man whom ho believed had died by his hand, the wine ceased to keep Leo ohained by sleep. > With a loud cry lie sprang up and stared wildly round him. In a moment, however, the oaution to whioh he had trained himself showed him the folly of his fears. Rat it also showed hiin in n new light the circumstances under whioh ho had gone to sleep; He felt ho was, if not in actual danger, at least anting more than rashly in accepting the office, thrust upon him as it had been. To eail under raise colours, us undoubtedly he had been doing, might bo due to mistaken kindness on Royal's part ; hut ho was wrong, even for such groat con siderations as were at stake. Resolved, therefore, to get out of the faUe position to which in his zeal for his little blind sweetheart he had allowed himself to be placed, he turned to cross to tho door. But before he oould do so, it was flung open from without. Ckatibe XV. — Mystery after Mystery. Leo's involuntary ory had reached Mr. Havilaud's cars, end, alarmed at onoo for his treasure, despite Royal's effort to detain him, he bad rushed to set his fears atrest. Royal followed, feeling not a little alarmed, knowing that any upset to his or his partner's plans ;would be fatal 'to him. The sight of Leo, standing up calm and composed, reassured him a little, and, as the, .next moment ho was convinced that the Rat at least had accomplished his triok and made good his escape, he readily roBG to the occasion. "After all it did not matter if Leo wore sont to prison that night or next morning, indeed, tho earlier tho better. Exoitcd by the encouragement Royal had given him to drink rather moro than was good for liira of tho port, Mr. Havi- Jand forgot the oaution ho had hitherto used in 'keeping the presence of the monoy in the house a secret, and, un- . unheeding Leo's claim upon his attention, rushed to tho seoret cupboard, and found it—empty. , It was his turn to. ory out then, and all in a momont everything was in oopfusion. In vain Leo tried to bo heard. He was oilenood by an accusation whioh convinced him for the second time in his life that he was likely to Buffer not a little for his ; rashness in obeying blindly his impulse.' .< ' His blood was up, however, in self- . defenoe, and for the, moment the know ledge of his hidden orime was nothing to the agony of shame and torror which swept over him at boing openly and unjustly accused of ono whioh was not -only moan and petty, to him the very dregs of dishonour, hut one of whioh he was ' aotually innocent, and into tho trap of \- which he had been most ounningly and . - cruelly lured. Ho saw it all in that moment, how every point would tell against him, . from his appeal to Royal for inpney to the very ' attempt he had made to leave' the house before his duty was done. < Ho knew now what a fool he had been ; . . to trust Royal, that to hiin he'owed thie- , mauvnis tour. And turning on him be : c v would . have oharged him with the plot, . v of which jhe forged letter would, ho." A ; . < proof, he thought, and have felled him to ; : : the ; ground, hut that ' with his iron strength the elder man seized his arih, whispering, with a show of concern, " There has been a mistake.. I will put all right if you will trust to me.' Rut Leo had rcoeived too sharp a lesson to trust further to fair sounding pro mises. ' Tou shall put it right now,' he said, excitedly. But Royal had not undertaken suoh a dangercuB game without good cards. Ho played his ace of trumps now. Dropping from his features the' mask of kindly con cern, he turned his glittering . eyes upon the lad with a look in them which, even more than his words, told of his enmity and his power. ' Defy me,' he said, in that same low, revengeful whisper which hid so struck terror to his wifo's heart ; ' defy mo, and the whole truth shall ho known.' Loo shrank hack as before a blow, realising to tho full how skilfully he bad been trapped, how powerless he was to escape from tho fate whioh ho did not de serve, unless he faced a real, a far more terrible one. Yet the very despair, which filled his soul would have driven him to despera tion, to avow all and suffer the conse quences, but for a now tie upon him, greater even than the love and pity for the father whose life and honour he had hitherto kept safe by hearing the burden oi his unintentional crime in silence. That new tie was the love of, and his' love for, the little blind girl. If he gave up the struggle entirely, what would become of her'? Left alone in hot helplessness in the world, nay worse, the shadow on her life made darker oven than before by the knowledge of his blood-guiltiness and punishment, what would her life be ? To recall all tho intoxicating joy of that one short hour of the strange wooing, every detail of affection whioh it Bhowud forth, so dear to tho heart whioh was sore and empty, to know that it was the first and last meeting of love with love, was agony enough; hut to see with mental vision, Buoh as at times of great trouble is so powerfully quiokeuod, the darker pioture of her languishing day by day in her prison, until at length death in mercy plucked from her breast her broken heart, was anguish such as tho young lover could not endure. True, there wus guilt enough in this oharge, but he oould at least deny it to her, as she loved him enough to believe, to wait patiently until he was free again. Not knowing the amount of money he was supposed to have stolen, nor yet the circumstances of boing in trust, to say nothing of the whole army of facts bis utter ignorance ' and simplo story would build up against him, the lad did not. think of any great punishment, such as Royal counted upon his receiving us an obstinate accomplice of the Rat's. But in the other, what could ho do ? For his father's sake ho could bide, aye, and if need he, deny his crime to all the world savo her. To her, his little blind love, who could not read his guilt upon his face, who had trusted him so completely, who loved him so dearly — to her he felt he could not lie. > ' ' And hard as must he the blow of this false accusation and its consoquences, what would be the other, which was true us well as infinitely more terrible? The truth to her would bo worse than death. Her loyer knew that, and the strength whioh had been gathering within him to urge him to make a stand against his tormentor, seemed to fall away from . him. Mute and motionless _ ho stood, his head fallon to his breast, his face -white as death — in all, the very pioture of guilt such as Royal would have him. As one in a dream, he heard the con- fusiou and excitement growing around him. He know instinctively that Royal was hurrying on the whole master in a way whioh spoke of inward fear. Ho felt that there might bo some clue to prove his innocence, did ho but seek it, but he had power to do nothing but dream, as if he had nevor awoke from the terrors which had before disturbed his sleeping senses. The awaking this time came ,with the fall of a heavy hand upon his shoulder, the realising that by hie side stood the officer of justice, whoso prisoner he would soon be. TO EE CONTINUED TO-MOEIIOW. 