Intouatimral Wesson. SUNDAY, JULY 31. Acts iv. 1-18. Peter and John Before the Council. Golden Text (Acts iv. 12). — ' There is none other Name under heaven given among men, whereby we must be saved.' ' THE ARREST. The news of the unusual coucourse in Solomon's porch soon was brought to the ears of the Temple authorities. Whilst the two Apostles were still speaking, ' the priests and the Captain of the Temple and the Sadducees came upon them.' The ' Captain of the Temple' was an officer of very high rank, in charge of the Temple police. The police seized the two preachers. There was no opportunity then for a trial, ' for it was now eventide.' The lame man had been healed about three o'clock in the afternoon, and eventide began at six. The Apostles must con sequently have had already consider able time, for teaching. They were now silenced and lodged for the night, no doubt in some department belonging to the Temple, which could be used for a prison. The good seed, however, had been sown, and though the sowers were now restrained, their work could not be undone. Many of that amazed congre gation believed. ' The number of the men was about five thousand ' — that is exclusive of women and children. THE EXAMINATION. Upon the next morning there was a large assembly of the Sanhedrim, the council of the Jews. Verses 5 and 6 mention both classes and individuals present. Here we again meet with Annas and Caiaphas. Annas is called the high priest, but Caiaphas was the high priest. The explanation is that Annas had been deposed by the Roman power, but he still possessed the confi dence of the people, and held the rank, and assisted in the duties of his sonin law, Caiaphas. It will be remembered that on the occasion of our Lord's arrest He was taken first of all oefore Annas, and then was hurried off to Caiaphas. The point upon which the two were ex amined was the means by which the miracle was wrought. ' By what power, or by what name, have ye done this ? ' It seems from what follows (verses 16, 17, 18) that what they objected to was not the miracle, but the use that would be made of it, the evidence which it would present of the power of Jesus, and the consequent spread of faith in Him and unbelief in them. It was this which prompted their question. They wished to strike at the roots of the growing popular feeling of devotion to Christ. THE DEFENCE. Possibly the judges thought they had an easy task before them. The preach ers were ' unlearned and ignorant men' (verse 13), and their opposers were men of great knowledge and of great skill. But they dicf%ot reckon upon the pris oners receiving supernatural help. When Peter's turn came, he was ' filled with the Holy Ghost.' Thus was the promise of Jesus Christ fulfilled— 'When they deliver you up, take no thought how or what ye shall speak : for it shall be given' you in that same hour what ye shall speak.' Peter, in his reply, boldly confessed Christ. ' The name;' that is, the power, wisdom, love, comprehended in the name of J esus, had made this man ; whole. He referred, moreover, to His humiliation — 'Jesus Christ of Nazar eth ' — ' crucified,' and then, in striking Contrast, to His exaltation, ' Whom God raised from the dead.' Pharisees and Sadducees were both hit hard here. The humiliation in which Christ came was one of the greatest obstacles to His reception by the Pharisees ; and His supernatural claims to His reception by the Sadducees But Peter went further. He plainly charged them with sin in their treatment of Christ, and declared that they fulfilled the ancient prophecy concerning the Stone and the builders. The conclusion of his address was a grand assertion of the doctrines of sal vation through Christ only. ' St. Peter taught exclusive salvation through Christ. Christ is the only means, the only channel and way by which God confers salvation. Christ's work is the meritorious cause which gains spiritual blessing for man. But then, while there is salvation only in Christ, many persons may be saved by Christ who know not of Him consciously, else what shall we say about infants and idiots 1 It is not for us to pronounce how far the saving merits of Christ may be applied .and His power extended.' — Dr. Stokes. St. Peter, evidently, in what he said in the case of Cornelius, included in the benefits of salvation some who had not heard of Christ (Acts x. 35). 