EXPLANATION OF GHOSTS. In the course of a lecture which Mrs. Annie Besant lately delivered at Milton Hall, Kentish-town, London, dealing with the subject of apparitions, she said that what science meant m talking of ether was what the theosophist meant when he spoke flf " astral" matter, only in the one «—b it had been subjected to experiments and was under stood, while in the other case the experiments were of the moat elementary character; and, although most promising for the future, they were not yet very reliable in the explanation of certain curious And abnormal phenomena. Now they got a number of apparitions which had this common charaotenstio—they were unconscious. A person awoke and saw a form which said nothing except Btand there. It generally looked some what mournful and disconsolate, and speedily disappeared. This was a most unsatisfactory kind of thing, afforded no explanation of its presence, and there was nothing to show why it came. The person who sanr it was not quite sure whether it was real or fanciful, was not quite sure whether he himself was awake or asleep. The apparition appeared at night, frightened him for a moment, and the sex* moment it was gone. This kind of apparition was nothing more than what tneosophy described as a picture or revelation in the astral light The modus operandi was this. There was an intense thought in the mind of some person. That tiought was a realenergy, a real force, quite as real as electricity. It was quite as real as an electric force that could be sent through space, and it was not without significance that whenever they got thoujrhi attion they got electrical action. Their medical man would tell them that, when there was thought in *v*nTiff**y*/*n with the Strain, there was electrical action in «""«f|«T with the brain. When they thought intensely en the physical plane they set free electricity, and, on the astral plane, they set up a current through this astral matter or ether. They thought intensely of a person, and the ounent set up in astral matter *or ether went in the direction of that pecan. as certainly as they could send a> current along & wire, when they wished it to reach* distant town. This set of etheral vibrations, reaching the person who was. intensified in their thought, affected the person by the same medium, and in some cases appeared as an ob jective reality. In very many oases only a* a mental impression was the parson though* •£ What were the conditions under which tibia unconscious picture was produced'! It was constantly produced where a person was.dying, and when the dying person was exceedingly desirous of seeing some absent friend or (ehv tive. It most often happened between those closely united by ties of blood or of afftwy^ Most of these astral pictures were between dose relatives or close friends, and the evidence was, to her mind, indubitable that sooh Ooonr rences did take place, for they might find, ov« and over again, instances in which f&e; person seeing the apparition had made a note at the time of the day, tile hour, and the place ; ■«■* it had been subsequently found that at that precise time a friend had passed through the change men orfl^ "deaths" and that the news which .was thus- carried by these astral vibrations was news as fane and as real as though it were flashed along the dentrioal wire. 