A Da.1 I THE CoUINTRY. Br D.vID CaIIISnE MURRAY. His name .was Drown-Smith-he wrote it with a hyphen, and was hurt when people in familiar converse neg leeted to mark that fact-J. Brown Smith. lie was a poet, not a very lineone perhaps, hut certainly not a very bad.one. Years of practice had given hirn the literary trick, which goes for more than an uninstructed person would be apt te fancy, and he had a good heart and an unaffected love for all things beautiful and grac ious. He wore a slouched lhat and a long paletor, and spotted a big russet beard and a moustache, so that he looked rather like a brigand out of . business, until his mild and beneficent eye betrayed hinm. He was generally to be seen with the amber stem of a big meersham pipe between his lips, and lie tabilked a good deal in a harmless way about Bohemia+. When he had been younger Bohemia had had an \- actual. existence, but Drown-Smith lived in the, lights and shadows of a day which Lad for some time departed, and was faithful to conditions which were scorned by the majority of his compeers. He had been in love, probably more than once in his time, but once at least ile had been already nmiddle aged when he had made his final choice and now his tenmples were grizzled, and he was bahld on top, and there were lines of silver in tl e russet' beard. The lady on whom he had bestowed his affections had been but half his age, and had elected to marry a much younger man. Brown-Smith proposed to her when she had been a month engaged, and, made his verses his wife, and the cronies of his club his family circle. It befell upon an Auteumn morning that the hireth of a dying year put him in mind of the country as lie sat in his London lodgings, and awoke a craving in his mind for the sight of yellcwing trees and misty pastures. Everybody lie knew lived in town, and of late years, though lie .wrote a great deal about rural things, he had hardly seen the country at all. He bated constitutional walks and jour neys without a purpose, and for a while he could think of nowhere to go to. But on a sudden he bethought him of his old sweetheart, who was settled fifteen or sixteen miles away from London, and lie fancied that it would not he an unpleasant thing to go down and look at her abiding place. He had no idea. of calling ,upon her, or intruding himsslf in -any way. His clumsy and futile court ship was now a matter of ancient his tory, and the probabilities were that he -was long ago forgotten. He had a motion that in one way the theme might be fruitful. His muse of late .bad been a little sterile, and perhaps the journey might prove to have a set of verses in it. That is the way of poets, and, indeed, of men of letters in general. Any little flower of enmotion we may grow goes to market, and is more or less consciously nurtured to that end. When we have been long at the business we are market gar deners pure and simple, and grow, rose, lily and forget-me-not side by side with mandragora and the deidly hellebore, culling them and arranging" them into bouquets to suit the fashion or fancy - of the moment. - Brown Smith arose, donned the sombrero and the long paletot, saw to it that his tobacco pouch and Britannia-metal fusee box were well stocked, and walking into.the street hailed a han som.: That was his constant habit. If ever he- went futther away from bome than to his club, which was just round the corner, he went in a hansom. Be hated railway-carriages and omni buses, andjif he by. rare chance tried to go anywhere on foot he succeeded only in losing himself, and had finally to call on a dtbmain to extricate him from the London mze. lie had a handsome income of his own ; indeed, if he had had a head for business, in stead of rhyming he might have been a wealthy man, and this was his sole extravagance. He was scarcely seated when the poet spring began to show that it was wound up, and whilst the cab clattered down Wellington street and over Waterloo Bridge, the poet began to manufacture verses : Cabman, who pliest in the roaring Strand, Sleepily plicst in theaulumn:weather, SPasse, at the signal of my waving aind,, And let's away together. .-There at leat was a beginninga and it hit the feeling of the nmomerit. The measure, as the practised in such matters will obserrv, lends itself to gravity or gaiety, and the bard might glide from either to either, and might -rumble along in sleepy musings be tween whiles. He got, a verse in f \- esmbroyo out of a crowd of little children who danced about an organ, on top of which a misanthropic ape scratched the hindquarter of disdain with the hand of dejection. Then in due time the lines of houses broke. and scattered, and the cab ran between green fields. The poet 6tled and lit hispipe, and straightway the poetic spring gave another whirl: Lord ! how the flavour of that fist furee Blends with the grnateful mell of tir i den grnsors, And hwn~ I jo in every leafy tere SThe hansonm pues I Then hle was conscious of his old .sweetheart's face. She looked in on him like an actual bodily presence, and surprised him. Another verse a camine quite naturally, and others flowed easily after it, though hlie gae tlhemn rather a disingenous. turn pr hiaps, considering the business which took him afield lthat morning : Why Clae ! Sweet Clare ! No thought of Sour hrihsh'eys BI -tsouched my memory f.r hilf a .And i,.- -r'v fast, with what a sweet The lanri?s m::ster a Ladi p!ay at loe, andl think it pleasmnt .1 play, a Ard majidens find i', to', a pre:ty pa.- m time, is Until the gt h:mlf d-scendS Eoa- day tl For first tia 'asr time. at He never came to you and me, swe t t Clar-- P4 You quite forget me, and I live witlhout II you ; a And only at a time like tIlis I care flit To think about yo,. fr It was tnit altogether true, lut the bnrd was nt g"igb' to be over-senti mental. Hlt was getting eriilously near the fifties for one thing, and ihe was going out, of motive aforethought, th to look at his old as eetheart's house. Perhaps, if he had formed no suchI purpose, hie might have chosen ann ther measure, and another method of expression. But, in the circumstan ces, if he must touch his ghost at all, 'perhaps it was well not to lay a finger of too much stress upon it. It slept, and had slept for many years. It would hardly pay to do more than half awaken it. He went on with his verse spinning, and in a dreary, half-regretful way was happy. He did not often say a humorous thing, but his whole turn of mind was hu. morous, and he had never dared to take himself too seriously.- Once in a say he had given his whole soul to a woman, but she had never cared for him, and he had been sent out of her presence with a sore heartache,- which had faded away little by little into a tranquil regret with a sense of romance ardund it. These melan cholies of the middle aged are not un pleasant. 