THÉ BETRAYAL M. IROÏS}D& C H A P T E R I. TUB DISCOVERY. j I stood on the white, sîlenf road some minâtes, waiting for my îriendl At length I grew tired of waiting, a^d determined to explore thè place witbeot him. • To my surprise, "when I applied the -key which the house agent hadgiyen me to the door in the wall, it turned fruitlessly in the lock : the door was already open. I passed through, and . found that the bolt had been drawn back and' secured by a catch. The last person who had visited the premises had 6imply pulled the door to behind hian, and the bolt being fastened back, the door had remained-open. ; ' \- On my right was a flagged^ passage leading t3 a «de door in the house. Before me was the old house itself, one of those ancient dwellings of which very ! Jew are iow io be fottnd within twenty miles of London. The deep mullion^ windows, high gables, many-; chimneys, and, above all, the wild'orèlr growth of creepers, bushes, and shrubs surrounding it, supplied countless charming bits for the pencil or the brush. "How pleased Marvell will be with this," I said to myself, as I ascended the steps at the fn-nt entrance and' opened the main door. Et: was merely idle cariosity that led me to explore the house, for we did not mean to take it, merely to use it for sketching purposes. The rooms seemed in no way remarkable, and I passed rapidly from one to another. At the farther end of the hall was abaizecovercd door, which I supposed led to the surgery, for I knew the house had been last inhabited by a medical man— Dr Blacklock I opened the door, J which led to a dimly lighted passage,. On my right was another door, which JP also opened ; I was now in the surgery. The light streamed full on my face from two large window^, and I; saw something black lying on the floor. ^ •« Hallo ! " I cried aldnd ; 41 what s this—a woman ?" It was the figure of a woman lying all in a heap, as if she had stumbled off the bench—a fixed bench which ran along one side of the room. I supposed that she was tipsy, or had fallen down •- in a fit. '_ "What is the matter?' I asked, trying to lift her. She was as heavy as lead. I looked at her face and uttered a scream—a loud cry of terror. The lace was almost black : she "was dead ! A moment I stood trembling with horror. Then I tried to lift the ;body on the bench, but I could fcot. The woman seemed to be between forty and fifty years of age. Shfe was plainly but respectably dressed. Orer one arm hung a worn black-leathcr bag or. reti- cule ; in her right hand she held a nosegay of withered roses. An awful expression of pain, anger, and defiance was on the dead woman's face. A strong shudder ran through me as y I looked at it, and I felt as though I must get into the open air, or 1 should faint. Looking around, I saw that it was not necessary for me to go back the way I had come. There was a fécond door, which led apparently to the flagged passage which I had noticed. 1 opened the door, which was secured with . » patent lock, and stepped out, closing the door behind me;- :, Slowlv I walked away from the spot round to the front of the iouse, where the sun was shining. Bofore long 11 heard a rapid step coming to me. It was Marvell. " What a charming old place ! ne called out. "But what's the mfetter, Munro 2 You look as if you'd .seen a ghost. You're as white as a shéet. In a few words I told him what I had dîscovèred discovered in m the tne empty house > : """ and j Maxell would hardly believe me till he R(vn the dead woman with his own ] had seen tne aeaa wo T * Why, how did she come here ? " he | exclaimed. « That's the mystery—one o! them, l should say. How did she die? I doii't see any sign of a wound. There s no blood on the floor." " Not a drop. But didn't you 'open the door with the key the agent :gave vou »Ye« ? it was locked; but I fonnd the door in the garden wall open, Never mind. It is for the police to find out who she is, and how she came •*v lier death. We must go end -tell » SetweeTus we managed to lift the poor Wure's body upon the bench, Sthea we went Jraig'ht to the police office e_. Of" course the affair made a great sensation in the Utile town of Hanbury, Tndas the house' where the body had y been found was only about a mile from j the town, a carious crowd haunted the place for the rest of the week. Next day it was stated that « woman was missing from a house in Dalton, and the London police sent down to Hanbury ^T;«sons~who 7^taew the m i è ^ | j b woman. They identified the body at r ^ The deceased woman, they^aid, m^'niim^ Pud-ev She was a widow, I,* STÏÏdïïtS a fair-sized house in Kensington, the greater part of which sheha^t outin lodging, He, Only | knoWTreîation was ad*ughter, who. itl seemedj had gone to; a sitnatioa as a | milliner in Newcastle-on-Tyne soirie | months before, and had not bten hooie since I S1 Of" course I attended the inquest, «ud I p s & Z t e Jiï. * ^ if thè housè iMf jbeea' Ï A l l iîi^^l^onëdi for to jd; this of; the viaà dû as fli^e arrows. --iThë-'^poison * had been introduced into the " system through a small puncture on the wrist of the right hand, where a bluish, mark remained to mark 'the spot. Death had occurred at least twentyrfoùr 'hours before the body had been found. ' It wad tolerably plain that some one .had enticed this poor yornan .to the lonely, empty house, and'had there murdered her in' this strange fashion, and decamped, without leaViûg a single trace of , his presence And accordingly the juiy brought in a verdict of " Wilful TOuider against some person or persons nnknoTtn." It was necessary that the funeral .should take place at once, and the arrangements were completed before the police had snceeeded.in discovering the address of Mrs Pudsey's daughter. The poor woman was buried in Hanbury phurchyard, and none bufr.ef-rangers like jnyselffollowed her to the .grave.; CHAPTER II. .4 .CLPBL IS FOUND V The • excitement; , .. . caused by - the , dis-;. , ^ cmne J^OM G^i^lJ. It rouBed my poor friend* Hugh Marvell _Jrom the depression under which he had sbeea.^^ounng for some weeks. He; ândîwëre fast friends—true brothers of the brush ; and I had long known that hé - was cherishing à hopeless passion for a girl whom he had met at a ball. - Miss Flotence St Helier was the daughter of A famous physician who had been made a baronet, and she was far beyond the reach of a nameless and penniless artist. - --" One day the poor fellow came to my studio almost distracted. : He 'bâti heard , that Florence St Helier was at lengt h definitely engaged to one.of her father's apqnamtancea, a young doctor whose iortun4ï% inhis brsuns, named Iron-, side. The news tarnedioufc to ibe true ; and ferecll fellfnto a étatëof such deep jjielancholy that I became alarmed for his sanity. K' ïn brder ttf -provide him with change of scene at a moderate outlay, I had propoléd thatjweVhould visit all the old houses we could find near London, and make sketches of 'thefn. It was in this way we had gone to see Hanbury Grange, as the empty ' house -was. «ailed. Marvel! was greatly interested in the covering the murderer faded away, he, relapsed into his old melancholy. We £ad not yet left Hanbury, when one giremng, «s wè sauntered together down tlie lane that led to the churchyard, ,we met a young woman with a baby in her'aïms. had a face that was still beautiful in its sweetness ; and I could well imagine that as a maiden, she must have been lovely. She was dressed in very ordinary attire, yet without any of the marks of poverty. As we approached, she stood still, evidently meaning to speak to us.. " Can you-tellme, sir, where Mrs Pudgey'* grave is ?" she said to Marvell. " I've been trying to find it, but 1 can't." ' It is not easy to tell you ; but if come with me, I will show you the spot," answered my friend. The girl thanked him and walked on by his side, while I dropped behind. " May I ask your name ?" said Marvell. . The stranger blushed and hesitated. " Are you Mrs Pudsey's daughter ?'' he asked, without further preface. " Yes, sir, I am." answered the girl. " It was only - - yesterday that , I found . , out what had happened. ~ Bat, oh, sir, ' "she poor burst out, " you don t think my mother was murdered, do you ? " I'm afraid it i s too true," said Marvell, gravely; " and I think that you could help us to discover the criminal." "I sir?" exclaimed the woman, in evident surprise ; " that I'm sure I couldn't. It's eight months sinçe I left home t ; \--- and - I—I - can't - imagine ° who can have hurt my mother, if anybody hurt her.' Something in the girl's tone struck me as peculiar It almost seemed as if she were defending herself ; as if she were protesting too loudly her inability to avenge her mother's blood. The same thought had., occurred to Marvell. for, he .glanced sharply at the girl as he said— . «• You can at least give me the name of sbmé one who was not on good terms with your mother, or some one who had something to gam by hçr death. "No, sir. She hadn't an enemy m the world that I know of, and she had no money to leave. 1 « But it must have been same ones invest to get her out of the way." » So it would see^, sir. You ^id you ) w6*d J y g ^ I timè we had ground). _ h s w a a c p i d Did j ? Just one other qn^tion first " ou ever hear your mother speak of Hanbury ? " No—never." p "Not of having been here, or of friends she had here ?" "Never." The girl's voice had an honest ring, u t Her eye^fdltene«ith my,friend's Arching îokfr. Thts, hoover, might beodueto her modesty .and her grief.: Evidently it was impossible to question her further .Jiarvell pomted out to her the BPot ^e ^s seeking and. takmg ^ I am « Munro,'' said, gravely, mach mistaken, that girl not very knows or suspects mere than she will rflo^r You not suspect that " -child, for she is hardly more— No. And yet could ^eé that she ^ ^ping l "we cannot intrude on the poor thma * grief. After all, it is ub baàmess of derer.' , Mf,fréU made no .reply, and ire set 1 out on our way home, We were still à. j mile or two from our lodgings, when it ej bë^ari ^io ^aîçtfnd so heavy was th l dbwhponr jtl^it, before the distance was "iri^ r.tbiwigl» Having reached onr tefeporary home and changed our wet clothes, <we eit powA to supper. After supper we filledour pipes ; and, as I was searching tn my pocket for my box of vestas, I fouqd and pulled out a latchkey—one whjch I was sure , did not belong to ine-^-a latchkey sQU.a steel ring, with a small key of peculiar shape also hanging on the ring. " How do I come to have your latchkey in my pocket ?" I as&cll;, tçÉ^ing the thing over to Marvell. " Sly latchkey ? This isn't mine." "Isn't it? Then it must belong to our landlady;" I rang tlte -bell, and asked the question. No ; our landlady assured ns that the key did not belong to her, nor ' to any member of -her family. " It is very-odd," I remarked. .. " Very," said Marvell, with a strange look on his face. " Do you know what key this is ?" ... t•, .., ;-. , , "No. . Do yoji ?" I•J'X " It is the key of the empty house !" , " Impossible !" "It is so. These are the clothes, I remember, you had on* the day you discovered the mufdet. Have you worn themfiince ? I thiak not.^? "Wait I" I cried! "I have it! When I first discovered |he bbdy' I felt as if I were going to faint, and wetit out of doors by the hearest way, iHiWugh the . door that ©fens from the surgery iato the gardën. I wa,s jqnitie .giddy at the time ; and I haveno doubt.that Ï closed the door behind me, and finding a latch 1 kev in the door, I slipped; îpto my pocket mechanically,- litertliy ivithout thinking what I was doing'. The mnrderer, in Che exc-teme t of that awful moment, hurried away Jrom the scene of his crime, forgetting tfeat he had not removed the key from the door. It seems to me, Marvell th^ asrhofeWt^puts his hand on thfe owner of kc^ puts his hand on Mrs Pfidsev's |Quraerpr." CHAPTER III. THE ' POISOTT TOCKBT. " Of course I harid&d; thê làtchkey, or rather the two keys. whi^h I had found, to the "police online fallowing morning ; and two days afterwards Marvell and 1 returned to London. Further reflection had made me agree with my friend ia^thinking that the girl we had met in the churchyard lane— Mrs the police with ' valuable information ; and I thoughtyit better to write to the authorities at Scotland Yard, and tell them of our meeting with the girl; asking at the same time'-whether they had succeeded in finding her address. The answer wan that all efforts to trace iss7 Pudsey in Newcastle had failed ; and that, as months had elapsed since she left home, it was not thought likelythat she had had anything to do with the crime, or that she wouldjjg^ble to throw any light «pon it. 1 ~ ' 'Some weeks : passed. Marvell gradually relapsed into the mclancholy from which he had formerly been suffering ; and it was chiefly with a view to rouse is interest, and draw Mm ^ , *f himelf, that I proposed tO'lîim^ne day e shonld run down to Hanbury, and -certain whether the police had made ny progress in their inrest : gations conerning the key. As s expected, the superintendent of olice, when I put my question, shook iis head with a smile of superior wisdom. What can you mate of a key ?'' he said ; " any one may have a key." But very few persons, I shonld think, could have had this particular key," I suggested. " Well, now—there's the house agent, a most respectable man, married ; family all grown up and doing welL Ho can't have bad that key of yours. Then there's the owner, an old gentleman living in Italy, who never «aw the place in his life. Then there's the last tenant, Di Blacklock. He lived in the house twenty-eight years. He is retired now ; stays at Lewisham, quite by himself.^ If you suspect him, Well, all I can say is, you'll never get anybody in Hanbury to believe you. He was liked and res pected by everybody." " Did he sell his : practice ?" I askedl "Yes, sir; and the gentleman who bought it, Mr Meybrick, took a new house close to the town, as his bride thought the Grange was gloomy. But he could never have had anything to do with the keys of a house he never lived in. "And he could hardly have purloined a key before Dr Blacklock left, on purpose to commit a murder some two years afterwards," put in Marvell. " I got possession of the keys, promising to hand them back to the police if they shonld require them ; and Marvell and I walked back to the station. T "This is an interésting case,-" siid my companion. Suppose we try to solve it?" • "I'm quite willing,"" I "answered.; Tint Hardly see what we can do. The olice are at -fault." . " They seem to have taken no trouble about the matter," said M&rvell.; '' " I mean to go and see Dr Blacklock. It seems to me all but certain that the key belonged to him, and that it must have been carried away bypbim, or by one of his Servants, perhaps, whètf ÎJèieft :Hanbury." • ' • ; V " M We returnéd to London,jran down to Lewishatn, and called mi Dr Blacklock: He was a pleasant/inteliigen , J5afhitehaired man,-«ell over ieventy. To our surprise tibe doctor declared.JLhat he had ne?er before ,; seen îhe latchkey;, I had taken from the door, of the sdrgery at Hanbniy Grange. " The keys belonging to the door were longer," he siid, than the one I showed him. .-•..' " And you-will admit, gentlemen," he added, for some " thirty that after years, carrying one most a la have chkey a tolerably accurate idea, of what^St fë like. But if you want wrroboratîvè;evidence I can fnrnish you "w^i^ii^^M* re ® gentleman coming ^ 3e was my assistant for two; years. If recollec, ioncoincides witlf^Bii!PÎe,you asree that ï^tù'ijght^^ •• j We had hardly lamje â» mpbe a suitable reply* when A sallow eomplëKiOn, aQ d a falibtàck Dr Bi^lbcVl^M^ lliiiauch a ihei e i from Its ring. f o c k i keen, look *t Dr Blacklock, at, me, 1 and «t my : friend, and then bent ovier the keys, as if to examine them very carefully. I happened to glance at Marvell. He had turned deadly pale^ "No, I don't recognise' the keys' at all," said Dr Blacklock's late assistant, in a distinct, measured tone. ; . " You won't guess what house they say that latchkey belongs ! to?; The hoaae we lived in at Hanbury, the one in which the dead , body was foiind!" cried the old doctor. The gentleman shook his head. : You used to hâve a latchkèy for the surgery door, but it was longer' than this, wasn't it ?" " Yes," answered the gentleman whose name I had not caught. " I feël sure the surgery latchkey was longer." ; We remained after this for à few minutes, during which Marvell, I saw, was impatient to get away. At length we took our leavé. "I can't hear to sit in the same.room with that raan," said Marvell, clutching my arm. "Why? Who is he 7" " Didn't you hear his name. He is Dr Ironside, the man who is to marry—" I understood, and gave my friend's arm a sympathetic squeeze by way of reply. What are you going to do now ?" he enquired. "Throw this key into the Thames," said'I- As I spoke I felt for it in my pocket, and could not find it. . " Have yott got it ?"' I asked, plunging my hand into my other pocket. "Got what V asked Majvelt. '-The key ? Not I ! E never touched it." I uiust have left it on the table," I said, " or dropped it on the floor, or Dr Blacklock may have it, or Dr Ironside," and I began to walk rapidly back to the house, anxious to regain possession of the little bit of metal which I had just said I would fling into the Thames. I needn't go back with you,"' said Marvell to me, " but watch that man Ironside sharply, and see if he drops the key and pretends to find it for you." I started and hurried on faster than before. What could Marvell mean by that? I wondered. That Ur Ironside might have quietly picked up the key from the table, under cover of our leavetaking ?—that he had an interest in getting possession of it, and, hot daring ; to retain it, would return it secretly by pretending to find it ? Then Marvell suspected Dr Ironside of being Mrs Pudsey's murderer ! But then, I reflected, the doctor was my friend's successful rival. Resides, the idea'was abâurd. What interest could a well-to-do, fashionable doctor have in the death of a plain, middle-aged woman, like Mrs Pudsey ? I determined, however, that I wonld watch Dr Ironside closely, and if ï saw reason to think that he had tried sccretly to gain possession of the key. I would mention the circumstance to the police. After all, he was one of the very few persons who might conceivably have committed the crime, one of the very few who might have retained possession of a key for the surgery door. The two doctors were still togelher when I re-entered the house. I explained my loss ; and, as I kept a corner of my eye on Dr Ironside while I hunted about, I distinctly saw him slip the key down on the floor behind a hassock, and then pick it up. That night I went to Scot'and Yard, and communicated my suspicions to the Chief Commissioner of Police. About a week afterwards I receive î a note from the detective in charge of the case, a man named Tobin, asking me to go with him to Dr Ironside's hout-e next day, and identify thé key I had found, upon which I had made a 1 private mark. I did not relish the job, ;.nd yet I was curious, indeed anxious, to know what had been discovered. A few jards from the house the détective -ÏDèt^tifPf were loitcring aloug not far behind him. V, I wanted you tp sëe" what these, keys will open, so ttiat you could swéàr to it/'he said. A few steps brought ua to Dr Tronside's housed : The jdetéctiye' pulled out a latçhjkey,. iose'rted it jn, the patent locki and coolly opened the door half an inch, closing it immediately. - " Do yoù recognise the key ?" be, whispered to më, hold it up to me with his léft hand, as he rang the bell. '} fyJs^the same," said I. • edÉbfesè than a ininhte awe were showo into the doctor's.consulting room. He <entered. ; . ; " ; My companion walked up to him, : '"'Mari ask if these are.yourtKeys;?" he inquired, gravely. \- Th? doctor "turned a shade paler as he glanced at ine^! ktid. answered, sharply, "'thave already told this person that they are not." " Odd[; forgone of them opans your ront door. T';e other opens the deÀ f your "writing tabîe.* ! • The wretched man tried to speak: He ould not. ; ! The officer coolly inseited the small ey in the lock of the desk, and tnrned t round. That is nothing," stammered " out Dr Ironside. " Keys often open locks which ;they'^ere . nl^r dntefi&d; to ^ f e . " -. He drew oat on% Of the -drawers of the tajble ;437'hè sp'okê, *nd put in his hand. ;; The ^tçctivp^appeared not to nofice.r Km. ^. 'Quietly the jffith^ drew his hand .from the drawer, . • «•What have you got tbpre, sir?" cried the detcctive, seizing his hand. "Stop, wretch! You have killed < The officer ' relaxed -his grasp doctor opened his fingers, and - thing like a locket, fiptfi the carpet. \ . y " What is this tive, picking it up. " ' " e—on the palm of the doctor î, and the doctor made a furious dash at his han<ï,.toing, as _ seemed' to me, to squeeze >hîç $&P; to r' s hand over the locket. : The police officer. however, easily threw off the^doefcor's grasp, anddropped thé myeterionslocket on the ground .... . de M- with eqnal çalmnes? sfln ttffe OTher dead-man in less ihan- twenty'-fonr hours. Without intending "it, you have rendered me a service." Evjery «ffort was made to save the guilty man's life, but in vain.' The steel- locket was filled with a virulent poison —as deadly as the poison of the rattlesnake. It was furnished on • one side > with;tiny needle-like points, which pierced the skin without inflicting any pain worth noticing, and which, being hollow, admitted the poison into the veins of the person whose skin; liad been pierced. It was e'ear that Dr Ironside had'forgotten to give up his ilatchkey when he left Hanbury Grange,' and he had accidentiy discovered that it would open the door <of, his own house. He had accordingly used his own latchkey té gain admittance to the surgery ; and having enticed his victim to enter the place, he" had offered her some roses, shaking hands, with her at the same time, and in doing had pressed • the poisoned locket upon her wrist. Mrs, Pudsey, thinking merely that the thorns of the roses had .pricked her, had not been alarmed. And then. J we- conjectured, ha had remained talking to hér until the paralysis, indued by the poison, set in, and prevented her from leaving the house. - As for the motive of the crime, a little inquiry (now that we had got on the right, track) soon made that only too plain.: There was little wonder that the police «ould not find Mis3 Pudsey at Newcastle./ She had never bçsen there. She had eloped with Dr Ironside, who, at one time, had had. rooms in her mother's house. Mrs Pudsey had insisted on a marriage taking place, and the doctor had, ! in his turn, insisted on its being kept a profound secret. But long since, he had gr -wn tired of his gentle, stupid, uncultured bride ; and, having* fallen madly in love with Wiss St. Helier, he determined, to risk everything and marry her. It was not from his wife; but from his mother-in-law, that danger threatened him. No doubt she had discovered his intentions, and had Intended to denounce him. The locket (either a relic of bygone ages, or a modern imitation of soma such relic) had suggested, to the doctor a means cf carrying out his murderous design in silence and secrecy. Florence St. Helier; never knew the true cause of her., lover's death ; and, of coarse, time lessen- d the violence of her sorrow. Two years have passed since then ; and Marvell.'"! can see, is not without hope that he.may yet.gain the object of his desires. He has taken Ironside's young widow and her child n-ider his care, i-'he is certain, he tells me, to marry again. I could not bu think that she had some suspicions as to the way in which her mother came by her end. But she neter knew for certain that her husband was a murderer ; nor did any one ever, tell her that lie himself fell a victim to the deadly power of the poisoned locket. 