TWICE LOST. A TALE OF LOVE AND FORTUNE. BY RICHARD DOWLING. CHAPTER XV.—' Tub biitrotiiat,. That evening in the parlor not a word about the new lodger was said between John Crane and Edith Orr. "If you walk into the shop hand-iu-hand with mo your mother will understand," said Ofino. I have snokon to her." Edith held out net- hand to him and tlicy passed through the doorway. They walked up to the counter behind which Mrs. Orr Bat. The moth-r flushed, and rose, trem bling, as she v the only eliild of her nfliietcd widov. ii- od, the only hope of her failing life, liaiid-in-hand with tlio man. Although all her hopes wero in this match, nnd alio had guessed Crane would speak to-night, the new master of her bright and beautiful daughter came 11)1011 her unawares. She felt with a keen and terrible pang that tlio last great duty of her life was at an end. llcr child, her only child, tho idol of her heart, Iiad found a new guardian, nnd tiie desolating feeling of being deposed and ren dered superfluous struck her with a dealli- colu emu. x am now 0111, sue inoiigni,, "and of 110 more use. Thero is only the grave bcforo me." Crane bowed over the girl's hand and kissed it, and placed it in the hand of her mother. Mrs. Orr raised it to her lips and lti3scd it, too, and laid it against her breast, covering it with her own worn thill hands. .She held it against tile breast to which she had held the head of the infant years ago. She covered up tho hand now to shield it from imaginary harm as siio had covered up tlio head 111 those far-oil' days which now seemed only yesterday, imagining death and violence. She had then thought to herself, "Nothing shall tako my child from 1110. I would die rather than lose my child." Now she thought to herself, " I have lost my child, and there is nothing for 1110 but to die." The girl drew her hand away, and running behind the counter caught the old woman m her arms, and .the two burst into tears and sobs, and tlio note of tragedy was lost in tho voice of grief. There was 110 joy in the girl's heart yet. She was now, in tlio first moments of her unrehearsed betrothal, the maiden torn from her mother's breast, going she know not whither, snatched awiiy by in scrutable fate, and seized by a destiny she did not understand. John Crane turned away and moved to wards the gl;i33 door looking into Museovy- placo. The scene between the two women shook him. He knew it meant tho beginning of something and the end of something great and august in life. lie thought of marriage soberly and seriously ; but he hud not come that evening prepared for a final renunciation of her daughter by her mother, or for tlio complete deliverance which Edith had made of herself to him. Ho hail thought of 110 more than settling matters with Edith as 111011 settle a business affair 111 advance ; lie had prepared himself for no more than asking this girl if she would marry him when tho good timo came, when ho was fully ready. She had said yes, and (incomprehensible condescension !) had, of her own free will, offered him her lips to kiss ! That one notion 011 hot- part, the mere spontaneous offer of her lips tcthini, hail wrought a revolution in his mind. It seemed to give him a right to Editli Orr. It seemed to niako her in one instant his own, as though tlicy had been fast married for a long time. He felt overwhelmed at that moment, and confused now as I10 looked out into Muscovy-pJacc. He was aware of a strange solemnity in the scenes of tiie parlor anil the shop, unci to prevent protnnai,ion no drew tlio bolt 011 the front door, securing tile two women from strangers. 0 radually a change took place in the mind of the mother. Tile body of her daughter was still in her clasp, living and warm. Edith, with all her grace and beauty, and sweet wliolosomencss and great-hearted cheerful spirit, was in her arms. Editli had not gone away bodily, and there was 110 sign she had gone away ill spirit. All that bail happened was that Euith, young Editli, had shifted her main allegiance from the mother who was old and feeble, whose duties had been discharged, to the man who was young and vigorous, whose duties wero just beginning. The cares of a mother were at ail end, but tho fact of her motherhood remained and was eternal. And now here was Edie, her one, her only child, weeping and sobbing ! I'ain was a mother's portion and iovc her privilege, and tiie joys of love outineasurod tlio puins 113 tiie joys of day outineasuro the fears of night. God made the heart of a mother and pitied that heart in its partings from its young, and God bus wiser ends than mail can see ; ancl pain for the loss of a child is a mystery beyond man, but deep and sweet in the final justieo of God all tilings are right anil will be made, plain in the everlasting time. All tilings arc done in the Eyo of God, and all things that fall out here in the ordinary course of nature will seem wise and just and merciful in tlio hereafter. Of what consequence, after all, is au j old woman'; and hero is her child, her Edie, weeping and sobbing in her arms. The first fcoliug 111 a mother is to make light of her own trials, so that her child may have peace and joy anil sunshine without stint or cost. Tims the mother's heart sang its wonder ful, mysterious psalm of life over the love of her daughter in tlio second great bereave ment of her years. And having looked witli eves of faith into the inscrutable ways of Heaven, she looked back at earth and Edie, for pain is a mother's portion, and love her privilege, and Edie was still hero for love. \- xncre : mere: Lucre: saiu wic hiuluci, in a chiding tone ; " what 011 earth is the girl crying for? Why, it's only a few minutes since he spoke to 3-011 ! It can't be you have been ijuarrellinjf already? Dry 3-our eyes, child, -and don't be a goo3e, Mr. Crano lias told me all about it; and, of course, lie bail my consent to speak, or lie wouldn't have said a word to you, for lie is an honorable man. Go to liim aiul speak to him, or lie will think us a pair of geese. Go to your 111:111." The girl roso and straightened herself, pushed the golden brown hair out of her eyes, ami glanced around with a scared look. The last words of her mother, "Go to your man," had struck strangely, fearfully upon her eai-3. Was it possible such a being lived as " her man ?" An hour ago 110 such person existed. Had the giant few minutes, a few trifling actions and words, called him into existence out of nothing, and given shape to her suitor, her lover, her man — tlio supreme creature of all her life ? She had thought of love and romance, but onlv as tilings to read of ill books and droam about when gazing itlly from the window 011 the flowing Thames. Slle hail thought of marriage merely as an in stitution at which to wonder. She always regarded it as abstract and apart from her — as something of which she was destined to hear all her life, but never to know except by hearsay. Yet here was it, or at least the snadow of it, coma 011 her all at once, without a moment's warning, and lie who her mother called " her man" ivas uot at all like any hero she had dreamed of, as site watcliod grey Thames flowing upward to the mighty city ! True, she had often thought of John Crane, but never once as a hero or a lover. Indeed, she had novel- thought of a lover at all. She had dreamed of a hero who should be lover of some idealised being, not unlike herself ; and she hud made speeches for this idealised other self to speak to that hero. Never once had she thought of John Crane using tlio gallant words which issued from the lips of the heroes of her dreams. It would bo absurd for anyone to put such words into his mouth, or, in fact, into tlio mouth of any mere man — of anyone who was not tlio hero of a dream. To the lofty and gallant speeches of her hero, tlic heroine of her dreams had always answered in dutiful spirit wordsof melancholy denial. And 3'et, but a few hours after one of those imaginar3T dismissals of one of those shadowy suitors, eamo plain uuheroic John Crane, and she had prom iced to he his wife, and her mother had spoken of him as " her man." Editli felt for a while as if tlioso scenes must bo tlio dreams, and tlioso that hail passed before her as she gazed out on the Thames must be the reality. She half wondered would this dream pass away when tlio next vessel sailed b', or tlio next steam boat whistled, or tho ferry boat — that huge, shaggy, torn monster — stole out from the shore, and began its stealthy crawl to the other side. The words of Mrs. Orr caused John Crano to turn round, and then lie saw Editli stand ing against tho counter, and staring into tlio air with half affrighted eyes. Crane looked about helplessly for some thing to divert the thoughts of all, and found it in tho portmanteau which lie hud not noticed earner. " A portiuanLeau, ' lie said, with a smile. " Which of you in going a journey ? Neither of yon goes awav often. "Oh !" said Mrs. Orr, rising, drying her oyos, and throwing briskness and vivacity into her manner, to escape the grave air de pressing tile three, " That does not belong to either Edio or me. and neither of 113 in going 11 journey. That's Mr. Faiieoui-t's, tiie now lodger's, portmanteau." Crane .: face, which had broadened into a smile, dropped. "Has lie taken up posses sion already ? Is lie upstairs lie asked. "Oli, no," said Mrs. Orr. " Edie got rid of him for to-night. She told him we bad no servant, and lie said lie would go hack to his old leilein-.::;. l-.diu s.-.vs we inn:'.: n ' hove him nt, all. j|c gave 110 ref-i eiioe i. 11111I I asked for none, f got a fright wlu'ii your letter came, I can tell you." Uptothi: her manner was aei-ioiin enough. She added, with an off-hand gesturo — " But, of course, 1 Edio told you all this in the parlor. It was in order that she might tell you about Mr. Faneourt I asked you to step in with her. I am afraid you losL your time there." "No," lie said, " we did not loso our time in thero ; wc found one another." By this time Editli had restored her hair to order and her miml to comparative com posure. " Mr. Fatieonrt told us lie should lie here to-morrow," said she, coming round from behind the counter to show her mother ami herself she was not afraid of her man, and to show him — not tiiat she was no fool, for she felt certain he knew as much — lint that she trusted liim not to make a fool of himself about her when she came near liim- Afterwards she wondered how it had come to be that in the few minutes which elapsed between his speaking to Iter in the parlor and her coiniug round to liim from behind the counter, she had, as if by inspiration, by intuition, gained au insight into lii3 nature and could tell she might trust him not to behave with boisterousucss or levity. Eliu did not go near him as a tost, but for a con firmation of her estimate of him. When she stood beside liim lie said, " You will not care io have this portmanteau here. Where shall I put it for 3-011 ?" He looked her full in the face as though lie iiad asked her a question aboun her mother's business. blr.ul 1 carry it upstairs ? She smiled a smile of pride in him. Now she knew lie wus " her man." Now she felt tiie dreams fading away, now recognised tlio presence of tlio master of her fate. No shy ness was ill her open anil candid nature. She was his and lie was hers, and all the world besides counted as nothing to her. "Not upstairs," she said, gaily. "If Mr. Faneourt found it above lie might think he hail a right to lie there himself. Put it in the parlor." She looked around at her mother for confirmation, and discovered with a shock of pain that already her mother had retired into some half-illumined background, iiad been deposed from supreme authority in her own tiie, and that even now she looted to tiie man beside her for guidance. " That will be tlic last place, John," said Mrs. Orr, smiling and nodding slyly, "it seems to me the parlor is tlio best placo for everything." Crane flushed slightly ; that may liavo been caused by stooping, seizing, and raising tlio portmanteau, or it may have arisen from tiie unpleasant and humiliating copfusion of a iiuni who keeps his heart to himself on finding even friendly sport made of his secret mind, or it may have been a flush of joy and pleasure at having tlic possession of his great prize thus acknowTcdgcd. Anyway, lie said nothing, but carrying the portmanteau by the two leather handles, followed Editli into the back room. lie dropped his burden heavily 011 the floor, tho rotten old straps gave way, and tlio portmanteau fell open. Out tumbled some thing at his feet. Willi an exclamation of surprise and alarm, Crane sprang back, as though the valise, had disgorged writhing snakes. "What on earth is it?" cried the girl, drawing back also. " Look," Crane cried excitedly, pointing at what had fallen out, " a hunk of rope ! a hank of rope strong enough to bear a muu ! What could one of Faneoiu-t's appearance want witli it, but for the purpose of robbery — for tiie purpose of robbing lips house?" "But how?" asked Edith; "I don't seo how the rope could help liim." "What could be simpler? Here is a jeweller's in which there is 110 mail. This Faneourt does not know but that there are thousands of pounds worth in the place. He comes to lodge hero. He gets tlio valuables out of the safe, and lowers them into a boat in the river. I think tlio police ought to be informed." The girl started back in dismay-, " What an escape !" she cried, and to think we had absolutely let the rooni3 to him ! There is 110 doubt of it, lie must lie a thief. I dis trusted his manners. He is double-faced, I am sure, though lie is very handsome anil ha3 agreeable manners. But when lie found, after your letter came, that the rooms wero not all right, ho behaved in a most extraor dinary way. However we have to manage it I don't know, but he must not have the rooms. " " No," said Crano very seriously, ".and I think some inquiries ought to be made about him." " Inquiries by whom ?" " Well, we shall see." CHAPTER XVI.— "Tun Ghost op that Woman." For a long time after Jcaters had read what was written 011 the paper lie found stuck in tiie frame of his wife's dressing glass lie did not move away from tlio table, lie stood, swaying backward and forward like a drunken 1111111. Every moment it looked us though his legs would give way bcneatli him. At last lie staggered to a chair and sat down. The few words written on that paper were in a shaky hand. They ran " Darling Frank, " When you were gone my terrors came worse than ever upon me. I felt I should go mail or fling myself into the river. If I am alive when you get this I shall be in 011c of tlio upper rooms. " Your frantic "poi.lie." Jcaters was now suffering from reaction and a smouldering nnd tumultuous feeling which lie could not define or express, but, which was of the nature of anger desiring revenge. "Twice," lie thought, furiously, " I have gone through tlio terror of the worst— once when she was only sleep-walking, and now that she lias of her waking action inflicted this dreadful terror 011 me. She had now, according to his present mind, dono liim deliberate wrong in leading him to tliuiK slic was ncail. Aliac was an injury no man could stand, no man could overlook. He kept harping 011 this imaginative injury to dull all other feeling, to work himself into a fury over his wronps, so that he might have no space in his mind for thought of his own conduct or designs. Pnllio had dono liim a wrong, and she should hear of it. Ho hugged this injury to his soul witli all his force, tliul it might exasperate liim and pre vent his easting one backward glance 011 his own thoughts or actions. He had a grievance, a terrible grievance, against his wife, and in liis present condition a grievance was an antidote to tlio poison of his own criminal mind. When lie had recovered somewhat lie rose from tlio cliivir, and, taking the lamp from the dressing-table, went one into the great hall. He approached the trap with tlio in tention of closing it, caught tlio handle in liis hand, paused, and muttered: " No. I shall be able to make use of tho fact that tlio trap was open, and I shall leave it open to emphasise tlic use,'' lie turned away from the hole and began slowly ascending the stairs, lashing himself into fiercer anger at every step. "The notion of .Pollie playing this shamo- fitl trick en me— 011 nie, who never showed anything but kindness to her since I first knew her. The idea of her giving mc stieh a fright, just merely because she lias some foolish childish fear of tlio river, of tlio water, as though the water wero a wild boast that could rise 1111 out of its bed and creep upon her 111 the dark and strike her dead. Monstrous idiocy 011 her part. ! Intolerable .behaviour towards me wiio always tried to lift her up out of her miserablo superstitions, and always treated her with kindness and affection ! " Around the great hall there ran a gallery, off which Hie four great corridors of tho first floor branched. Ho paused on the top of tlio stairs, and called loudly, but got. no answer. Then going round the gallery lie shouted down each of tlic corridors into the chill dark recesses of the ghostU house. " It is an infernal shame that the foolish whim of this woman should give me all this worry and troublo," He" was dropping tlio terrible out of the wilolo affair. It Iiad already sunk to a matter of "worry and trouble." Of course, if Pollio's flight upstairs was to be considered as having 110 more serious aspect or result than tiie worry and trouble it caused, what lie had thought or dono might be looked on as common-placc deeds or thoughts. Ho ascended to the floor above. He was now above the roof of the great hall, and 011 lllC liqqiuau uuui m vu« tuuniiaio, aho servants' apartments, oliiees, kitchens, and storerooms wero higher still. Here again he called down the echoing, dark, ghostly, cold corridors, and was about to aseeml to the top floor when a voiceless figure appeared at the top of the flight of stairs and began descending. Although lie was prepared for that figure, and for 110 oilier, the sight of his wife over came liim, and lie almost let the lamp drop. "Pollie!" he cried, in a gentle, startled tone. " is that you !" " Yes," she answered, in a dreary, weak voice. She said no more. She came down to where ho stood, and gazed wearily into his eyes. He held up tlic lump and looked into tier face " Wero von frightened : ho asked softly. " Arc you quite worn out ?" "1 was very frightened, and I am very tired," she answered. " You will he all right when von get down stairs anil eat something, and know that I am not going out to-iulit. " 1 hope so," iilie said, witli a weak, un meaning 'smile. .She put out one hand to the balustrade for support, and raised her other to shield her eyes from tho light of the l'"Tlie light of the lamp hurts you, and you are weak." lie said. "I wonder vou had j sirengtl. to get up i-o high. I'll keep the lamp a-.vay from volt. \N ill you take my arm : ' .. . 1 She took liis arm ill silence. I ' It was he— tho mail who was now afraid. Afraid of what lie could not tell. Afraid 01 | something tho like of which he had never 1110b before. Afraid of something wholly unusual and unnatural, Of all the violent tilings lie had arranged to say to her not ono word escaped him. In ail he said thero had not been a trace of displeasure, not to speak of anger, in his voice. He did not know what to make of her, except it was that reason had left her. Yet her replies, although of the briefest, had been perfectly clear and uncxcilcd. She had displayed neither glad ness nor displeasure on seeing him, and she Iiad used 110 word of endearment tile wliolo timo. That was tlio most astonishing change of all, for often and often lie had playfully told her sho ought to practise saying yes and 110, without dear or other term of affection. And now not one word of the kind, although lie Iiad not seen her for a whole day. Again lie noticed that . she volunteered nothing, not a syllable ; she who was always so voluble. He looked at lie 1- face. It was changed, too. It looked like waxed clay. It was grey and dull like the face of an old sallow woman, and yet clear and transparent, or smooth and shiny- — -it was difficult to say which in tlic waving light of the lamp. Iler weight, also, upon liis arm was disconcerting, enough to make one uncomfortable. It was not the weight of a woman or of a stlild, but of mere clothes. Ho you led ill, Pollie? lie asked, appre- hensiveh', as they reached the great hall. " No," sire answered, listlessly. "Only a littlo weak and tired?" he said, encouragingly. " When you have rested and eaten something — and 3'ou know I am not going out to-night— and I light my pipe and tell you all tho good news I have about our selves, and how we shall be soon getting out of this, you will be quito well and jolly, won't you, dear ?" " I hope so," she said, with that strange, unreal smile. She reached the little sitting-room, and I10 placed her on tlio couch and put the lamp on the tabic. He moved about, getting tilings for supper. Ho deliberately made a good deal of noise. It might bo she would rouso up and offer to help liim. But she did not. She lay back 011 the couch, drew her feet upon it, and cloned her eyes. " What would you like to cat? or shall I get you a littlo wine? I know 3'ou have a feeling against drinking yvine, and the doctor says hotter nono as a rule ; but this is an ex ceptional occasion, and I think a little would do you good. Here now, open your eyes, my own girl, and drink this. " He held a glass in his hand, and put his urm nuder her head to raise it. "No, no. I can neither eat nor drink." " But 3'ou must cat something. You are not very well to-night, Pollie. You are not 3'ourself at all lo-niglit. You must do some thing, or 3-011 will be very ill." "If I could sleep," sho said, yvith that strange smile. " .Sliall I carry you in and put you to bed ?" " Yes. " Ho took her in bis arms and carried her into tlic bedroom. He thought lie never felt anything human so light. He helped her to undress and get into bed. "Now, will yon have a little wine, dear heart ?" lie saicl. " No." " Or some milk with a spoonful of brandy in it?" " No." " Or, sweetheart, a cup of plain milk ?" "No." " Cun I get nothing for you?" " No. If I could only sleep." " Then, love, shall I sit with you here or go away ?" She closed her eyes and answered, wearily, " As you please." Still no word of endearment, not even his name. She Iiad not uttered his name since lie had found her at the top of tlic stairs ill tins vast, itreary house. "Sliall I tako the lamp or leave it with you ?" " As >;ou please." lie left the lamp on tlio table, and walked into the other room. He did not put tlic matter in . words, lie did not think of the matter at all as affecting life, but he felt Pollie was dying. " Tho doctors did not expect anything sudden," he thought, " but they all thought her case was pretty nearly hopeless. It will be a horrible tiling if she dies here. Sho cannot last till morning, I am sure. Why, if she dies here, there is sure to bo a lot of trouble, and in a case of this kind, if a man doesn't get medical aid, all kinds of tilings are said. Of course I have had the best medical aid, and I can get the Hnxton man, and the Harley-street man if tlie3' are wanted, but it will be a lot of worry. Nothing, of course, can do any good. But I did not think the end would be so soon. " 1 did not put down the trap door before I went in searcli of her, for I intended punishing her for her folly 111 going upstairs try telling her the trap must have been opened by the spirit of that woman I told lior of last night. Opened by the ghost of a woman who never existed ! " He sat an hour — moro than an hour, smok ing and thinking, and trying not to think. He was waiting for a crj-, hut 110 cry came. At last a sound ! He threw up liis head, took liis pipe out of liis mouth, and listened. The door of the bedroom had opened, and lie could liear tlic fall of a soft, naked tread 011 the marble floor. Ho rose wit.li stealthy caution and opened the sittingroom door. The light of the lamp from botli rooms com bined and made a lane of light across the tessellated floor of the vast cavernous hall. Down that lane of light the ligurc of a woman was moving across tlio floor, away from the bedroom door, away from tho right- hand side ot the hall— moving slowly towards tiie open trap. "Who is it?" asked lie, in a whisper, although the fair hair ho knew so well, and ilitu jjituacu au uiuuii, Jiuu uiJWJl bllt: UIUIU nightgown behind. 14 It must be the ghost of that woman," said he, fiercely, in a low whisper; 44 it must be the ghost of that woman," With noiseless feet lie followed the fragile whito ligurc across the hull. 44 It is a ghost, beyond all doubt, but where is it going? To the trap. Ah, some one must have been drowned there— some woman, and the place is haunted still. She is going closer to the trap. £tiu will slowly descend it now and vanish. 44 Ah !" 44 Save me, Frank !" 44 Ah, God !" Tho white figure shot down tlic trap with a heavy thud, followed by a rushing noise, aud then, after an' interval, a dull and dis tant sound, which seemed far away. Juaters fell like a stone. (To be continued.) 