"LADY tmSTAN," A GHOST SflFORY, jBY J. .(SA^AITH, (A NEW WHITER,) , ..Coeval with,the existence of mahkind.basj Minei the belief "in ghosts. Like other <«ulW, it fhaB its ups.and down; it'aperiods; of exaltations and of persecution. ^ j 'tt°baB received the sanction of. the priest-, -.hoodaml attained)the dignity of £ special; office in the Book of Common Prayer. It liifs'been lashed- by the scorn of the materia-] Jiat, ,and .derided by ^professors of exact Science. 'Advancing education stripped it to 'the skeleton of Superstition, And Advanced Thought bas reclothed it with-the deb'tiwus draperies of Esoteric Philosophy. <3Zhe swing of the pendulum and .the exertions of the Society for Physical ^Research haye improved the position of the ,ghost,-jbutits rights as a citizen have yet to 'W estabTished. The State recognises it not. .Legally, a ghost labours under greater disadvantages than a Catholic before the piling br the'Emancipation Bill. It can-' jnot jnake jk ' yrUl or bring an action at law. It may not, whatever its qualifications '<i . ' : A rrtVA ft. RMJOa .COftYlUl/ OTmvuw v^ gfioBt,'though, .could subpoenas ,be served on ttte spirit world, Bome had escaped the jgillotos and many died publicly on the SsattoW, instead of decently in theirbeds. JRiglrtly or wrongly, however, the law trices 110 cognisance of ghosts, and ghosts '?w6tild"seem to be piw.qre of this and occasion ally act with the irreaponsibility of those ?who cannot .be,called to account. . Legally a ghost has no existence. This pqipt waB,establis|ied in the case of " Luker Btan v. Lukestan t^nd others." - . (The trial, as may be remembered (it ,was vetv inadequately reported in the daily paflerfO, involved the succession to the Earldom of Marlebone (iT/6 G.B.). "Mr. Baron .Collins, before whom the case y/aa tried, ruled there was no evidence of.a legal Carriage between the late Lord Lukestan aii'd Jliss Pamela Ardilaun, that the entry .of ithe said marriage in the parish register .was a forgery, and he directed the jury to eive their verdict for the defendants, with " 1 :do not pretepd to critifie the learned judge's attitude in the matter, though it iwas abpsirent from the first that his "summing xn?'1 wm dead against the plaintiff. I merely place before such as may be 'interested therein the exact facts of one of the most singular cases ever heard m a 'j&urFof; -law, ana the public, which is iuwftvs intelligent (is not voxpopuh, vox Dei an all btii universally accepted axiom to dfcy?)> may judge for itself whether Lady Lttkestan, otherwise known as Misb Ardilaun, was cntitled to the sympathy due tea deeply injured woman, or the con tumely Which is justly heaped on the head of "an unsuccessful adventuress. 1 Morallv, Mifls Ardilaun was not entirely .innocent. She undoubtedly played with .the 'feelings of a nervous and hyper-sensi tive man;' Other women have done the ' /wmeWithout aijiy very serious result, rhe Stake in Mies Ardilaun's case was, that phe did Hot take the trouble to study the fo'Scl&hism; of her plaything. The truth is 'WiVyitfrk of over-wo^k. enforced, solitude, '.nilmoroaB self-reprpssion had reduced the llev. Cyprian Martyn to a condition of mind closely'bordering on insanity, and in this condiftoh "lip construed an ordinary flirta tion into cardinal sin. He believed that w falling in love with Mi^r Ardilaun and acquainting her with the Mt he Im tfMto'lsfo feith'Vrith God anid man, and incurred the ciirse pronounced on tbo^e who, "having put their hand to the ^omenlot delirium he told the-girl that liio choice lay between the Creator and . the creature-betweed Good and evil-and th&t; he had deliberately, and with his eyes .open.*'chosen the latter 5 -that he w£B prepared to risk all penalties here andpaina (hereafter for the gratification ot his ba'aaion . and as he had proved himself El& of 'the high office of the priest hood, tie would res.«u hiB cup, marry her, .and claim the privileges he had purchased 'ifthe price of biB very soul. * It iB at all times dangerous to disclose the inmost workings of the ^eart to a woman, who rarely comprehends, and can . neVer realise, the length, breadth, and depth & a mau'8 passion, apd this mad avowal wbb the seal of Cypriafl Martyn s fate. W^5 Ardilaun^ probably resented he ' position assigned her by the terms j1®* love*'* choice. She certainly thought him " Mane, and the event proved her to be absolutely correct, tfhe very curtly stat^ tbiit,' at no period of their very informal itihiUintance. bad she reckoned on him as a m her future life. She had tolerated hiB attentions solelybecauae she was bored to distraction in the rural solitude penodi SurSted on by her aristocratic and ' inv jid aunt : and as to her the only part 1" oould PJ»S8lb^ ttite in the ceremony would be that oi marrviUK her to another man, for she afrmld never dream for a moment o marrying him. With this rather cruel BtfcWh, MIBS Ardilaun would have parted fl^m'Tier^clferical admirer, but before she could realise his intentions, Martyn had caught her in his arms and kissed her passionately lull on the mouth. '? Youhav rained mo body and soul, he aaid, when at jaipt he. releasedlie*: I '. but abati Wwy y°«» if BOt rinother man. Liviug or dying I will have ^hlTwas' his farewell. A week later ho waa found dead in his study, with an empty bottle, which had contained morphia, lying on the table d his aide. , , That i|i« unhappy man had deliberately takeil i up o wn life was beyond a doubt . A jl Mb ahaiiB had been Bet m order, his liabili paid,"and his correspondence ^ diaries SSd, He had written to bis brother deBtroy surviving relative, good." he might die possessed of, and begging him to carry out certain directions as to the disposal of his body. This letter, whioh jjvas^produced at,the inquest, also referred to sotr^e unpardonable sin committed by tlje writer, .which'rendered him unfit for pplq^ged existence. ;^s^the dead man had "borne the most exemplary character, and was universally respected, this allusion was generally regarded as a symptom of-mental: derangement. \- The -Joc&l; practitioner stated in evidence that the deceased had ; consulted him{pro fessionally before starting on his annual holiday. He -was tlie» in a ,yery .low,, nervous state, and complained of depression and insomnia. He (the medical man) attributed his condition to over-work and insufficient nourishment. Mr. Martyn was y strict Anglican, and he held -extreme vieWB on matters of/self-discipline. Hallu cination as to the commission of some unpardonable sin was a common and painful feature,in cases of religious mania, from which, in his (Dr. Garrod's) opinion, the deceased was undoubtedly suffering at the fcirr»A of liin donfh. Tlie v jqry ' j^roj^it ,in a iverdict of " Suicide whilst of unsound' mind';" and the unfortunate man wps^burjod in.^e shadow of the village church, which for ten dreary years had been 'the scene ol his ministra tion^. All this happened in the autumn of 1886. 'Daring winter I* made the acquaintance >of 'Miss Ardilaun at af crowded-" At, Home " given by the wife of ,{i(lpgal.luminary of the first magnitude. She was kind enough to give me a dance, and inquired if ;I Iknew many people. I confessed I was practically a stranger, brought by my! cousin and particular chum, Charley Roskill, who as a dancing man and a rising "junior" was a persona f/mtissrtwrt withlhiaihostess. -I think .it .was then Miss Ardilaun. o^ned ,to bejng (tired and suggested that, as the rooms were hot and over-crowded (which was certainly true), we should find a seat outside, and she selected one immediately opposite the stairs. "Our conversation turned chiefly on Roskill, in whom -my companion appeared to take more than a little interest. She said Sir Charles had spoken of him as an Attorney-General of -the future, and she agkeu what struck me a rather a singular question.. ^s jie," she .said,/' .the ,sort of man to whom you would advise a woman to go if she were in urgent need of assistance and advice i?" I replied,I wt^s convinced ,that Roskill, like myself, would at any -time be ready to S'ace his) entire .professional resources at iss Ardilaun's seryice, and thp,t*he was undoubtedly clever." She laughed a jlittle. " I wasn't sure," she. said; "-"but you ought'to.know." Then Bbe qyenfc ftway on the arm of a young man, who Jiad arriyed (to .claim his partner. It-,was Lord Lujeestan. I saw them several'times in jtlie course lofi the evening, always sitting out in sheltered corners, and engaged in'earnest conversation. Lukestan. was a good-looking boy, a year'or two Miss Ardilaun's junior, and it struck me that she accepted bis manifest admiration in*a serious manner, which indicated that she meant business. I mentioned this to Roskill, as we walked home together, and he laughed the suggestion to scorn. Lukestan's people would never permit such a match. It was well known that old Lord Marylebone des tined his nephew for his cousin, Lady Adeliza Skelton. It was quite possible that he boy himself might prefer Miss Ardilaunt as a bride-elect, but-he could not afford to run counter to his uncle's wishes. He was dependent on his prospects as Lord Maryle bone's heir, and more than half the property was unentailed. " Besides," he concluded, " the girl hasn't a penny. She is virtually the companion and white slave of her aunt, old Lady Oaterman. Take my word, it's only a common or garden flirtation, and it won't last'long at that." s Roskill speaks with with authority on social matters, and I let the subject drop, but somehow I wasn't convinced. People talked a good deal about Miss Ard ilaun that winter, but with the new season interest in her seemed to die down. She waB seldom seen, and I heard through Roskill, that she was devoting herself entirely to her aunt, who had become a con firmed invalid, and went nowhere. It seemed a dreary lite for a young and beautiful woman, and I wondered whether Lord Lukestan's engagement to his cousin, which had been formally announced announced in all the Society papers, had anything to' do with the girl's sudden retirement from the world. . In June Marylebone died. For tho past six months he had been hovering on the brink of the grave, and no one had expected him -to last so long. He was, from all accounts, a very disagreeable old gentlemen,, and I should doubt if any of his relatives, even including his only daughter, much re gretted his removal to another sphere. Lukestan attended the funeral as chief mourner,, and was present at the subsequent reading of" the will. There were a few legacies to servants and dependents, and a suitablei: provision for. ladjr Adeliza- The . bulk of the property went with the title. Lukestan was now Lord Marylebone, and & lree agent, but the dead man's shoes, for which he had waited, were destined to be fitted on a dead man. He left Marylebone Castle for town on the evening of the funeral, an evening made memorable by the occurrence of the worst railway disaster of recent years. . The night" mail from the North collided with a goods train a little beyond Settringham Junction, and the confusion and dismay, incidental to such a misfortune, were at their height, the Lowton and Wolds express dashed into the rear of the wrecked passenger train, and completed a scene of horror rarely equalled in the annals of modern travel. The daily papers chronicled in full the ghastly details of the catastrophe. The boiler of the express engine burst within a few minutes of the seoond collision, and steam aud fire alilfe wreaked their fury on' the unhappy passengers imprisoned in the overturned carriages. First on the long list ot victims, published by the evening press, swns the name of Lord Lukestan. The compartment which had been re served for his use was reduced : to match wood, ,and it was only after immense exertions oh-the part of the Officials that the bodies of the young man and his valet could bo removed from the mass of smoking debris. < . - - " I?oor fellow I " said Roskill, as ho put down tjtie paper, f'fHis Juckjjhjas come too late. I wonder "-lie paused fto'light his ^cigarette .oyer tUe lamp-" now "Miss, Ardilaun wjirtake-'it ? " : We had dined early, preparatory to! looking in at thie Frivolity, but som^howi the smash on theiGreat Northern had taken1 the edge off our interest in the new burlesque. 'RoskilFB acquaintance with Lakestan had been of the slightest; to me' he was hardly-more than a namo, but the tragic circumstances attending his health evoked a sympathy, tbat.was almost personal. "I wonder^" Charley, repeated, medita tively," how Miss Ardilaun will,£ake it ? " The wordB were barely'past tulips when the -servant, appeared with a. message. " Lady to see you, sir. She wouldn't give her name, but I ;was to say her business /was most-. argent;" She must have followed close on Steven's heels, for before he had finished speaking she was in the room. A tall, slender woman, wrappecl in a long cloak of softly rustling silk. -She wore a thick veil, but even in this disguise tl 'was Btruck by some thing in her gait,and ,carriage. The .moment the . door -had closed iipon the,retreating man, she lifted the .thick folds of'black gaze. It was Miss^ 'Audilaun. Her eyes eyes ,were red with weeping, and her face as white as a sheet. " I hope you will forgive me for disturb ing you at this hour," she said, going straight to Charly, but I knew you lived in chambers, and I wanted to find you at home. I am in great trouble, Mr. Eoskill, dreadful trouble, ami I must have advice without delay. I thought-I felt sure you would help me." If Roskill was surprised (and'J . think he was) be'did hot Bhow it. -He Baiil simply, I shall-be very glad to give you any' assist ance in my power, Miss Ardilaun," and looked at me. She followed the. direction of his eyes, and became aware, for the first time, of the presence of a third person. ' I intimated my readiness to withdraw, but she cut me short. " Please don't go, Mr. Bryant. I am not sure whether I don't require a solicitor's rather than counsel's opinion-at present. In any case you may as well hear my story -if you don't mind." I was only too glad of the opportunity, for I own my curiosity was a good deal excited. We. sat down and waited. Miss Ardilaun's manner was that of a woman who has nerved herself to go through anything. \ She was unnaturally, almost horribly calm. She began without any hesitation, speaking in* a dry metallic tone, w;hich dQVoid., of^tlio . least trace of emotion.' " You havo seen in tho papers. that Lord Lukestan was .killed last night in the rail way accident ? I had better tell you as once that he was my husband. We were married last January.. There were strong reasons for keeping the marriage secret. Lord Lukestan was entirely dependent on his uncle, who had other views for him, and he dare not risk the consequences of openly disregarding those wishes. At that time Lord Marlebone was not expected to live more than a few weeks, and he (Arthur) felt sure that a private marriage would be the easiest way of extricating ourselves from the many family difficulties which surrounded UB. We<> never anticipated the necessity for secresy lasting so long. Of oourse Lord Marylebone's partial recovery placed us in a most painful position, but we know it could only be temporary, and we ?resolved to chance it and wait. This was why Lord Lukestan's engagement to his cousin was formally announced. What would have happened if the old earl, had insisted on their immediato marriage I don't know; fortunately, or unfortunately, he did not make a point of that, and when circumstances rendered it necessary that our marriage should be acknowleged, Lord Marylebone died. I cannot tell you how rejoiced.I was to receive the news, and only last night I went down on my knees and thanked Good for this." She direw a telegram from her pocket and laid it on the table before us. The message had been handed in at M®rfleet,:.the post town'for Marylebone Castle, and ran "'Thank Heaven, all right at last, am leaving by night mail. Shall bo with you eleven' to-morrow. . Will- seo Craike on way. Arthur." .. ' '.I thought my prayed, had been answered," she went on, in" thi same low, even voice, "that my.: troubles were over; but yo» see I was premature in my thanks, giving. T-Ojflay' I am tin the.'most horrible position in which afiy woman could be placed--a widow wtfo has never been acknowledged as a wife. J haye neither father nor mother. My aunt has neyer desired my confidence : she has always regarded me in the light of an unpaid ser vant, and even if I wished to do so, I could not consult her now, for the doctors inform me that in her present state of health any sudden shock might prove fatal, I have no other relations, no one to whom I can turn for help. I must make uiy marriage public. What am I to dp? " Tho first step was manifestly to prooure the neoessary proofs of the marriage. We said so and inquired whother she was pro vided with a copy of the certificate. She replied she was quite certain that no such document had been given or demanded. " I know nothing about the preliminary arrangements," she said, " I left thorn entirely to Lord Lukestan. I cannot even tell you tho name of the village whore we were married, though I should be able to find my way there. It is a tiny place, quite out of . the world, about ten miles from Garstang Junction. Parker,, Lord Lukestan's confidential servant, met us there ?with a cart and wo drove straight to the church. It BtandB above the village on the top of a hill. We were married by the ? vicar. Lknow his name-it is Martyn," I referred to Crockford, .and presently 'found Martyn, Lucian John, Vicar of Sl,umberfle-Wold, Yorkshire.-" Thatjjs the ftnau.rl syppbBe. Was he a personal friend of your husband's ? " " He was a stranger to both of us," she rreplied,. emphatically. I undertook to obtain a copy of the {certificate andiwrote .tho.same night to the JRev, Lucian Martin. To my utter dismay I received in reply a courteous note regrettmg'hiB inability -to comply*with my request, as the marriage to which!I referred had neyer.been solemnised. Mr. Martyn's letter reached me by the 'firsti pbst. 'Two -hours later I presented myself at ' No. 20, 'Berkeley Square, asked 'for Miss Ardilaun and was shown into the library. In a few minutes she joined me, and I broke the news as gently as I could. She seemed utterly overcame. "It is impossible," she repeated; " he cannot deny it. Beside, there aie our signatures in the register. Surely he can be made to produce that." " You are certain thafc Martyn is the right man ? " I aaked. " You could swear to his signing the register in that name ? "No," she-replied. "I never .saw ,his signature. I wrote .my own name aii3 I saw Arthur write his. 'flheu Parker wit nessed our signatures. /Mr. Martyn followed but I did not see what lie bad written." " You must 'excuse my asking questions, Lady Lukestaq, where they are necessary. You mentioned that the clergyman who married you was a stranger to both you and your husband. How do you know that he was Mr. 'Martyn ? " She hesitated. , "I knew him from his likeness to liis brother.'"' " You are acquainted with his brother then ? " "I was. The subject is very painful to me. Mr. Cyprian Martyn is dead. I believe he committed suicide, but our-our friendship had entirely ceased before that took place. I never corresponded with him and our people wore not aware of our acquaintance. It was merely an affair of a few weeks, and terminated very abruptly." " And the likeness between the brothers was so striking that you recognised Mr. Lucian Martyn immediately." " The likeness was more than striking, it was-horrible"-she shivered - "if they were both living I should not have known them apart. I was aware that Cyprian Martyn had a brother, who was vicar of a remoto parish in Yorkshire, but until the last moment I did not know that he was to marry us. If I had heard tho name sooner I should havo used every means in my power to prevent it." " You aro prepared to affirm on your oath that yopr marriage was solemnised in due form, and recorded in the parish register ? " She looked surprised at my question. " Certainly I am. You surely do not doubt my word ? " " Not at all, but this is a very serious matter. Will you tell me every detail coni nected with the ceremony ? " " As I said, I knew nothing of the pre liminary arrangements. During the third week in January, Lord Lukestan and I were both staying at Obilworth Priory. My aunt was also to have been of the party, but a severe cold detained her in town. Lady Chilworth has had great influence with Aunt Maria, and' persuaded lier to let me go to Yorkshire without her ; I was to take part in some theatricals, and my place could not be supplied at the last momont. It was the opportunity for which we had been waiting, and we decided not to let it slip. Lord Lukestan's plans were complete. He showed me a special license, and he said Parker knew a village where we could be married, and that all the necessary steps had been taken. We left Chilworth on the morning of the 28rd January. I had pre viously wired home that tho heavy snow would prevent my return 24 hours. Lady Chilworth was going abroad almost immedi ately, and as I write all my aunt's letters I was not afraid of the deception being, dis covered. We left; the train at Garstang, where; Parker was waiting with'a hired trap, and we drove to this churchi, There waB no one about. . The clergyman was waiting for us at the chancel step. He began the Bervice at once. Parker gave me away and we afterwards signed our names in the vestry. We drove back to the station and caught the next train to Doncaster. I returned to town the follow ing day." " Was there any conversation between Mr. Martyn and youraolvcs ? " " None ; lie did not speak to either of us; Lord Lukesto'n put the fee on the vestry table. It was a ten-pound note, and he remarked afterwards that tho vioar might have wished us luck. There was no luck for us, I suppose," she conoluded bitterly. I was a good deal puzzled by this sudden check. However, I said what I could to comfort her, and suggested that the clerk could be produced as a witness. (To be Continued,) 