CHAPTER IV. "All too quickly sped away the few weeks that intervened betwixt our engagement and marriage. To me they were one oontinued dream of joy and bliss. Had I not little Una, my child bride, my all in all, my more to me than life itself. "It wob the evening before our wedding, for we were to be married at this very hostelry, and by the village padre. I had missed Una for a time, and found her at last sitting pen sively beneath a pine-tree in the forest. I approached on tiptoe, but she hardly started or looked up when I placed my hand on her Bhoulder. " I sat down besides her, and her gold hair floated over my breast. "'My more than love,' I said, kisBingher lips and eyelids; ' why so sad on this eve of all eves ?' "' Oh,' Bhe replied looking down, ' because now, for the first time, I begin to think how un - worthy I am of your love, and all of you would bestow upon nie. I have nothing to bring you in return.' '"Nothing, darling?' I answered, raptu rously. ' You alone and your love are more to me than all the world contains beside.' "' But I have neither friends nor relations on earth save Edwin, and we are poor—so poor. And I greatly fear that poor Edwin ha3 been extravagant. "' Hush, dearest, hush ! Have I not wealth enough for all, and what were wealth if it brought me not happiness. You are mine, and all I possess is yours. And Edwin shall not be forgotten. He shall stay with us.' " She shuddered in my embrace. "'Not that, dear, not that,' she said; 'he shall come to Duntheim—sometimes/ "Then we talked on other subjects, and talked and talked as lovers will, till gloaming fell, and high over the woods shone the bright, round moon. "Married and back to Dunthiem. Neigh bours called at first as in duty bound, but tney soon dropped off. We had few invitations out. I was no longer invited to picnics and balls; I was no longer 'eligible.' " At this seeming slight I was happy and pleased. Did it not give me more of XJna'a sweet society 1 I went nowhere at home with out her. Not even to the hill, and muoh of our time was spent on the beautiful river, or by its green and flowery banks. "Edwin came periodically. On business connected with my estate I had to absent my self for a few days every month, and Edwin was always at Duntheim then. This arrange ment pleased me; I could not bear the thoughts of my young wife being left entirely alone. Blind fool that I was! Madman ! Edwin was on the eve of some great electrical disoovery that should revolutionize the science of war. Want of funds was his only drawback. Ex periments were expensive: yet for Una's brother what would I not nave done? So I opened wide my purse-strings and Edwin never left the old nouse of Duntheim with empty pockets. " One year passed away; two years. No ohild had come to bless our union. Edwin must have had many thousands from me. "And still he came. Bat now I began to notice that Una was paler and more pensive than of yore, and that the visits of Edwin seemed to worry and annoy her. " ■ It is for your sake, dearest, she told me, 'forEdwin, I fear, is improvident and rash, and you are so good, oh, so good!' " She burst into tears, and I hastened to oomfort her. But she must see a medioal man; I insisted on that. I, myself, should go to town and bring him down at any risk and any expense. So on this mission I departed, with the intention of being bank in two days time. But I felt ill at ease, doming events oast their shadows before. I left Sir Reginald Rheum to follow on, and next evening I was at the village soon after sunset. Not being expected there was no one to meet me, but the night was fine and starry, and I determined to walk home through the woods alone. "I reached our east lawn at last. The case ment window of the best sitting- room was wide open, and I could hear voioes in angry contention. Trembling like an aspen leaf, I cautiously approached and peered in through the foliage of a climbing rosebush. " In the centre of the room stood Una, her form erect, her hands clenched, her eyes flash ing, her very teeth showing anger. "' I tell you it shall not be, she was saying, 'I shall no longer be your slave. Curse you where you stand, you shall not. I love him. I love him. " • You defy met' he hissed, 'loan ruin you.' "' Ruin me ! Fiend, you have already ruined me, but I bid you beware. Come but here again and you—shall—repent it, briefly, but for ever.' " She hurried quickly out of the room. " Edwin's faoe was ashy pale. He shook his clenched fist at the door by whioh Una had retreated and I felt I could have throttled him on the spot. "' She—fiend 1 Devil 1' he cried. ' But bit terly Bhall you rue your devilment.' "Then he hurried out by the casement, brushing so closely past me I could have seized and choked him, as my fingers itohed to do. "I loitered for fully half an hour in the garden, then advanced to the house by the hall door. Una was in tears, as I expeoted she would be, but she rushed into my arms and sobbed as if her very heart would break. "'Don't ever, ever leave me again,' she cried,' I shall go mad it you do.' "1 knew Aa leved me then, but alas 1 my joy had turned to dead-Bea fruit, and I felt that my happinesB was soon to end, and that ere long I should be once more alone. " A whole month passed by, and Una was beginning 'to (recover something of her old gaiety and cheerfnlnesB. We had chosen the turret chamber not only for our sitting-room par txccUonce, but even for our bed-chamber, it was *eo light and airy both morning and evening, >and we werehigh above all the depress ing gloom of the trees. " Hither we had brought onr musical instru ments and our favourite books, and even when the winds howled and raved around the house, ! with the red curtains drawn and bright fire burning in the grate, this room was snug and comfortable in the extreme. " I had never mentioned a word to Una about the scene in the red sitting-room, to which I had been an unwilling witness. Why Should I vex her? *' One evening, not feeling over well, i bad retired early to reBt, leaving Una reading at the escritoire. I had fallen into a deep sleep from which I awoko refreshed after a few hours. " Una was gone! "I thought little of this, and must have dozed again, wakening after a time with the sound of the opening door. Una stood there, her face as pale as that of a ghost, her eyes un earthly bright and her hair dishevelled. " I sprang out of bed. " 'Something has frightened you, child?" 1 exclaimed. "'Yes,'she muttered. 'I have-been down in tbe drawing-room. I was looking out of the casement when near the cliff, I heard a cry and saw a light, I—I—' "Then she fainted, and I laid her gently on the bed, forgetting my own pains in my distress for her. " Next day was an -eventful one. Una was in a burning fever. Nor-did she recover com plete consciousness for weeks. " Towards the afternoon I strolled ont with my favourite dog, unconsciously -taking the little pathway that wound around a portion of tbe cliff top. The dog was on ahead, when suddenly I noticed him pause and sniff tbe air; then lifting his head he gave vent to a howl, so dismal that it chilled my very blood. "I rushed forward. "God help me, what was this! Edwm stretched on his back, bis sightless eyes up turned to the sky, and all about him a pool of blood and swarms of buzzing flies. "I thanked Heaven then, that Una was ill, and that to a great extent her mind was a blank as regards everything that was going on around her. This was so at most times, but always towards evening she used to awake, as if from a dream- troubled Bleep, and gaze for a time bewilderingly around her. "I spent all the time I could spare by her bedside, and -not only did I bring medical advice from London, but the best nurse I could (procure. '"Would it be advisable,' I asked the doctor, ' to tell my wife now-of her brother's -death ?' " I knew before I put the question what his answer would be, but I desired to lighten my own responsibility; for the weight upon my imind was indeed a heavy one. "And what of Edwin? Was this death of his murder, or was it suicide? " An answer to the question was forthcoming at the Court Boon holden, after the authorities had been communicated with. But this case was undoubtedly a puzzling one. " It waB I, myself, whohad first found the body. Hoping againBt hope that life might not yet be extinct, I had hastily summoned j assistance. My men-servants carried poor Edwin to a lower room and laid him on a bed; then medical aid was speedily obtained. ■" Yes, life had fled, "In that lower room, on a dark July fore noon, the members of the Court of Investiga tion assembled, but not to sit. No, for I soon discovered that I had erred in bringing the body from the spot where I had found it. '' So back we bore the ghastly burden to that -cliff top, and by my own hands .it was placed in the very position in which it had previously lain. It was a sickening duty, but it had to be [performed. "All the information I could give I volun teered without hesitation. j "My wife had been startled by a terrible cry, -and after that all was still. " My domestics had heard nothing, and, in deed, were all in bed. But did not that very cry wbioh had so alarmed Una prove that asBanlt and murder muBt have been committed ? Those who commit suioide die and give no eign. "Yet on this question, strange enough, the j Court were divided in opinion. It was not an actual proof of murder having been committed, Beveralof them averred, that the deceased had been heard to scream. It might be but the cry of despair which urged the wretch to do the fatal deed. "Another fact which surelypointed rather to murder than to suicide was that no weapon was found near the body. "But some of tne Jury declared that many an instance had been reoorded of suioides pitching knife or poison cup far from them as soon as it had been uBed. " Besides, if murder was really committed, what was the ration d'etre ? Absent in this case surely. No one in the old house of Dun theim bore the unfortunate man any grudge. "Was he not loved by all? Even the domestics respected and liked him. "Nor could plunder have been the motive for murder, if murder there really had been, for his money and valuables were left untouched. Nor was there the least evidence anywhere of a struggle having taken place. "The body, too, had been found lying at the cliff top, over which a knife could easily have ; been thrown by the feeble hand of even a dying man. A verdict of/do de ic was therefore brought in by the Court, for Edwin, it was proved, had been in sad pecuniary trouble, and really flee ing from justice. " And so he was laid in his grave in a little copse dose by the banks of the Wye, for in no holy ground'could his remains be permitted to rest. " But the mystery remained, and though it might be forgotten by all, it never could be by "I feel," this strange mannsoript went on, " I have little strength left me to write more, bo down the curtain must drop on the last and moat fearful act in this my sad life drama. "Una for long weeks had been so low and depressed that I had fears for her very reason. Long fits of weeping would be succeeded by houra of apparent listless apathy and silence, during which she would sit in the easy chair, apparently seeing nothing, hearing nothing. She gently repelled all my advanoes too, and my most endearing attempts to cheer her up elicited no response. "Ah, well do I remember the silent moonlit night in autumn. I remained longer below than usual to nurse my grief. Una, 1 thought, might be in bed and asleep before I returned to the turret chambers. How silent the house was everywhere as I went slowly up th6 stairs towards the tower! The servants, even Una's rnaid, bad long since retired, and through the tall narrow windows the light crept) in like sheeted ghosts. "A strange and unaccountable feelingof fear took possession of my heart, and hardly had I courage enough to open the chamber-door. " Una was saated in the easy chair. She was dreBsed in some light gauzy material, and never had she looked more beautiful as Bhe rose and confronted me. " I advanoed. "1 would have taken her in my arms, but her lifted palm forbade. " Although her language was simple and her words brief, there was adramatio force in them and in her every action that held me spell bound. She talk very quietly, but in a voice that was ob, so tired, so weary. "' 1 am going on a long journey, husband,' shesaid, 'audi have that to say to yon it had been better you'd known'long ago.' " ''A journey, Una, I' " 'Do not interrupt me, my time is very brief. I and Edwin have deceived you from the firet. Ones was a plot—a conspiracy against you, against the kindest, dearest heart that ever beat.1 " The tears were streaming over her face now. Yes, it was Edwin who proposed it. Well, we looked -upon you as a pigeon ripe to pluck, and all too easily did you fly into the net'. Husband,-can you forgive me, and some times pray for your unhappy Una 1 Edwin was no Irotker of mine. I was at his meroy, as you were at ours. But oh, husband, I learned to love you, and when I desired to be freed from the acoursed fetters that bound me, Edwin threatened to ruin me. I was to con tinue to rob. you or be exposed.' "She paused, and while I sank enfeebled into a chair, the oold sweat on my shaking knees, she touched a spring on this very table, and a blood-stained knife was exposed to view. "' I slew Edwin,' she said, smiling now, ' I'm glad I slew Edwin.' " 'Una,' I cried, ' can this be true.!' She made no reply for a second or two, then quickly advancing,* she plaoed her .fingers through my hair as she was wont to do in the days of old. ! " Then she kisBed my brow. " 'Good-by, husband, dear husband.' " I looked up, gasping. "I tried to seize her, butshe was gone, Gone I through the little door that led to the tower j roof. All my energy returned now, and I dashed up after her. " Too late. " I gazed over the parapet, and with her kiss upon my brow, with her last fond words still ringing in my ears, with the touch of her fingers still on my hair, I could see the flutter of her white garments in the moonlight as she fell down, down, down, over the cliffs to the brown river beneath." Thus ended this strange manuscript. Thus was told the strange story of the old house of Duntheim. I am not superstitious, but I would not have stayed alone in that tower another night for all i the gold in England's Bank. I thanked Heaven that Jackson came home unexpectedly that evening. We read the story over again after dinner. "But," he said, "do you really think it was her apparition you saw the night before last?" "Jackson," I said, "I do not. I am, you know, a student of psychology." " Then how can you explain ?" "Thus," I said, "although I cannot now re collect it, without doubt I must havedisoovered the manuscript and read it before going to bed at all, and tbe rest was all a dream, created by the sad story I had read." "But your naked footBt9ps on the turret roof 1" "The result of somnambulism on my part, instances of which are not rare even in healthy individuals under certain conditions of cerebral excitement." "You medical men," said my friend, 'must JalwayB find a matter-of-fact doorway to lead you to an explanation of every mystery, but" " But what, Jackson ?" " But," he said, smiling, as he helped him self to the walnuts, " there may be—mind you, I only say may be—more things in heaven or earth than we dream of in our philosophy." The End. 