AMUSEMENTS. M. Wiegand opened tlie organ recital at. tlie Town-hall last night with his own swing ing " Military March." The next item — one of the most popular of the evening— was M. Kowalski's dreamy rather than descriptive " Le Niagara." With a misdirected desire to afford original information, the pro gramme compiler described M. Kowalski, who is generally understood to be a French man, as 44 the aeeomiilishcd Polish musician, pianist, ami composer." Haydn's " On Thee each living soul awaits " received gracious treatment, and tlie " William Tell " fantasia, as usual, caught the public car, while tho concluding medley, in which themes from 44 The Crown Diamonds," 44 Rigolotto," and 14 Lcs Cloches de Corncvillc " were cleverly strung together by M. Wiegand, sent the audience iiwiiv in a most contented mood. The next recital is fixed for to-morrow after noon. Plenty of ocean excursions will be pro vided during the holidays by the Newcastle and Hunter River S.»S. Company. On the Saturday preceding Christmas Day the steamer Nanioi will visit Hangar Island, and on Boxing Day the Newcastle will be dis patched to Dangar Island and the Nanioi to Newport and Pittwater. For the conveni ence and pleasure of thosoa who desire a change of scene, the steamer Sydney will on Tuesday, the 27th inst., proceed to Port Hacking, and land passengers within easy reach of the National Park and Simpson's Hotel. The monthly entertainment of the Govern ment Printing Oflico Dramatic aud Musical Society was held lust night in the Royal Standard Theatre, and n? on previous occa sions, tho building was welt lilled. The items on tlie programme wore of a somewhat varied character. The opening piece was Theyrc Smiths comedietta, 44 A Happy Pair," the mrts in which were canably taken by Miss May Granville and Air. W. IT. Levey. Following this was a musical olio, the contributors boiug Mr. J. T. Eldridge, Mr. Harry Ferguson Miss Violet Beard, Mr. Moses, Miss Daisy Kayo, Mr. M. Fitzgerald, Mr. C. Dixon and Miss Amy Davis. The performance concluded with a screaming l'arce by T. G. Williams, entitled "Found in a Four-wheeler." Tlie characters in this were supported by Miss May Granville, Miss Violet Balden, Mr. £5. A. Fitzgerald and Mr. W. A. Mulrcady. The programme was made complete by the inclusion of several orchestral items, which were creditably per formed by the instrumentalists who partici pated in this capacity. The pupils of the Bondi public school will give an cnterlaiument at the Bondi Aquarium to-night, in aid of the Prince Alfred, Sydney, and St. Vincent's Hospitals. The Aquarium tanks will he illuminated at 7 p.m. Tho Soldcnc benefit committee met at tlie Australia Hotel yesterday evening, and fixed the concert to take place at the Town-hall on New Year's Eve. Dr. M4Donagh aud Messrs. John Plummor? Angelo Smith, Charles Iluenerbcin, Neville Montagu, ami Alfred Bennett were appointed the executive committee, Mr. J. C. W. Nicholson lion, treasurer, ami Mr. John Plummur hon. secretary. A very largo audience gathered in the Y.M.C.A. -hall last evening to hear the Rev. Joseph Parker recite Dickens's well-known and popular 44 Christmas Carol " in aid of the City Mission's fund for providing a Christ mas dinner for the poor in t heir own homes. Mr. Parker was most ellective when he dealt with the ghosts of Christmas present and the spirit which showed tlie things that might be, and when he cainc to deal with the wonderful change wrought in Scrooge by the visits of the spirits the facial expression, the tone of voice, ami tho very laugh, called forth repeated appltui.se. At tlie Paddington Town-hall last evening a benelit conceit and social, under tho patronage of tho Mayor and aldermen of PuddiiiL'ton. was tendered to Mr. K. Arm- strong, a resident of Paddington, who recently met with a serious acchlcnt. Tlie concert programme consisted of pianoforte selections by .Mr. A. Kerr, songs by Messrs. H. Baselti, Greville, limes, J. Donnelan, Missos Kate Dayman, and F. Neville ; duet, by Miss Banks and Miss Carbon; a corqet solo by Mr. H. M4Mahon (bandmaster 2nd Regiment) ;' and sand jig by Mr. Bloomer. Mr. A. Kerr was accompanist, Messrs. R. W. Usher and G. Adainson secretaries, and J. Mahoner treasurer. For the Sydney Licdcrtafel concert in tho Town-hall to- night, entrance will he by tlio vestibule only. The programme Lo be ren dered is of a very attractive charaeLer. A Christmas concert will be given in the Lcichhardt Town-hall to-night, at which several of the crew from 11. M.S. Mildura will appear. Tlie Eland family, and T. Pidgcon, humorist, will also take pavt in tlio entertainment. 