EGYPTIAN SKETCHES.—No. V. [By WM. ROBY FLETCHER, M.A.] The story that I am intending to unfold in this chapter and that which is to follow is of unique and surpassing interest. 1 know of nothing in history that can compete with it for romanoe. That troth is stranger than fiction is a proverb whose most vivid illustration is in tbe A Story of the Boyal MJnmmiee." In my last chapter I introduoed my readers into the midst of the Egyptian people 53 centuries ago. In this sketch I take my stand much nearer to oar own day, and ask those who are interested in wedding dry chronology with the more vivid parts of the narrative, to take a leap forward and imagine themselves among the subjects of the Pharaohs of some 20 centuries later. Taking the Bible as our hand book for easy reference, tbe times of which I now am writing are those years which inter vened between Joseph and Moses. I do not intend at present to make any further reference to the children of Israel, but as we conjure with the less known names of Thotmee, Hatasou, and Barneses, we may think of the Hebrew settlers jnGoehen growing into a mighty community. They have oat much to do with politics, but axe meanwhile toiling at agriculture, tending their flocks, and working at the tasks whiob. the successive monarchs who wear the donate crown nave kept putting upon them. I must now ask my readers to come with me some 400 miles up the Nile to the City of Thebes. The ancient capital, Memphis, has meanwh-le been eclipsed by a youugeTand more splendid rival. Many dynasties or Pharaohs have lived and died sinoe Khuftt 5? Jtfi!l2.w tPZ ralSJ?>alld TU constructed his cheerful tomb. The more modern kings have affected a liking for a new site for their seat of government, and have chosen a wide stretch of green land which swells out on both banks of the river, as their abode. Just there th9 hills?rise higher than usual in Egypt, and recede farther from the water. They are as barren as ever, but being larger have a prander and wilder aspect than elsewhere. Memphis was on the west bank, but Thebes is to be on the east bank. Thebes, however, was a sort of double city, and the splendid gay city on the east bad a splendid but gloomy counter part on the west I have before this men tioned how the Egyptians liked to bury their dead in the land of Amenti, behind which the eun sank every day to his rest Burying the dead was a marvellous prooas? among those people, and the cemetery of Thebes developed a second city which was as ornate and as gorgeous as the capital itself. The "City of the living" was made more attractive by being face to face with "The City of the dead." the city of the living. The city of the living was adorned withsome of the .grandest buildings tbe world has ever wen. The ragged villages of Luxor ana Kamak are tbe modem representatives of this once famous metropolis. These villages are but ordinary specimens of the small towns on the Nile, but the ruins which bear their name3 are of surpassing interest. Nothing on tbe face of this world can compare with the Temple of Amen at Kamak for solid aeraodeur and sublimity. Its cental pillared hall is one of the wonders of the world even in its present condition of otter ruin. The temple at Luxor is not much inferior, and being actually on the very edge of the river bank ib not only grand but picturesque. These two temples were originally connected by an avenue of sphinxes, and constituted one vast architectural whole. Around this double temple, whiah was some two miles in extent, clustered the palaoes of the Pharaohs and their nobles, and die dwel lings of a city which most have contained nearly a million of inhabitants. THE CUT OF SHE DEAD. But the ci^y of the dead—the other Thebes —was not much behind it in architectural aspect, and seems to haveoocupied the thought and cure and attention of this singular people far more than the temporary homes of the living. Let me try to set it before yoa in bare outline. Fronting the river were a series of enormous mortuary chapels, which were used as colleges for priests, as university halls for students, and as museums for historic mmnq. toes. They were used by the Pharaohs as Westminster Abbey is need by I&i;[?i«mi_ as a place in which to enshrine the statues and records of the deeds of the dead heroes who lay sleeping in their tombs behind the hills. Four stupendous rains remain to tell iib of the ambition of those longs for pos thumous fame; one is the Temple of Seti L, which, says Ebers in his novel "Uarda," was probably the college where Moses learned all he knew of the wisdom of the Egyptians. Another was the Samesseum, built to com memorate the royal fame of Barneses the Great. Another is t^i*^ M*«wlin«ti h ibou, and is doubly interesting to us when we see inside its great ball the ruins of an ancient Christian church. The fourth has ?n vanished except the two celebrated sitting statues of Ameno phis, one of which used to utter mysterious meanings every time the son rose, and was called the "Singing Memnon" by the Greek travellers. It is a carious thing to stand by the calf of the leg of one of those statues ana eee, scribbled on the smooth surface of tha royal shin, verses of Greek poetry, and Greek names scratched thereon before the Christian era. Hound about these buildings was a vast congeries of human habitations, for it may be easily imagined that an Egyptian cemetery most have given employment to quite an army of workers—stonecutters and sculptor*, makers of coffins a&d; «Tirn? pw, and amoleteand oharmSj embalmerg skilled in the ptooes?es of making mummies, and decorators ready to adorn the sepulchres of the dead with pictures of the life they had lived, or with wild details of the adventures of the soul in the regions of the dead and the awful •assize of Osiris. Behind this living city of the dead came the bills, all honeycombed with tombs. Bows upon rows of graves could be seen even from the other bank of the river, and some of these rock tombs had ornate facades which must have been very conspicuous. Aaurag these is tbe famous tomb at Deir-et-Bahari, of which I shall have a good deal to say in my next chapter. But we must go farther west if we will understand this carious cemetery. Let us climb the rocky dope and cross over the first crest of hills. We shall then find onr eelves in a deep desolate valley, hot, arid, and cheerless, and this is the famous valley of the tombs of the kings. I never eaw or could nave imagined any place on this earth so utterly barren and naked, and as it is now eo it must always have been, for the sun here ehines pitilessly and rain seldom or never falls. In this valley, whiofa forks like a Y, the Pharaohs of the new Empire have taken a fancy to be buried, and in a neighboring valley they have been placing their queens. TOMB OF SETI L Pyramids have by this time quite gone out of fashion, and in their place huge rock chambers have come into vogue. These royal tombs are not mere balls, bat vast abodes cat out of the rook and decorated with funeral pictures. Let us go for instance into the one built for Seti I. The entrance has no sculptures to mark it, for when one of these tombe was finished it was blocked up, asd the shingle of the mountain side was allowed to fall over it and not a trace was left of the fact that a king had been laid to rest there, or had started thence op his journey into the regions of the gods. Inside, however, all was arranged with costly care and skill. Passages are found leading So stair cases, and then ending in pitfalls set in the path, and sham walls concealing what lay beyond. If we pierce those walls we find that "beyond" consisting of pillared halls, fresh passages and deeper deoents, nnta at last we find that thi? enormous catacomb has extended 470 ft into the moun tain, sod has descended 180 ft. from the mouth. Of course all is dark there, and the visitor has to be armed with candles or torches or a mag nesium lanthorn, but what is to be seen in the dim light will never be forgotten. It is not at all like what we eaw in the tomb of Tii Tbe dead man is no more to be seen in the midst of his family. No sign here of merry-making, or feasting or hunting, or milking cattle or tn«*i?n? furniture, or building ships; no onoolio farm yard scenes, do more damsels bringing presents, we see all around us enormous and fantastic) pictures of gods and chimeras, and gorsons, and awful forms such as haunt one in a night mare. Great serpents drag their interminable length along over walls and ceiling, and when the head is reached it is probably spit ting venom. Mortal sinners are to be seen pitched into the fires of hell or being de capitated for their crimes. Everything horrible and creepy and uncanny stares at one like ghosts from tbe walls of those chambers,* and ■ ne wonders at the faith that could have inspired, and the taste that could have • xecnted such an endless and crowded panorama of the visions of a diseased and fantastic imagination. The meaning is obscure till we find bow all this conduces to a more cheerful end. This is all intended to magnify the victory of the royal soul in the judgment of Osiris. The difficulties of his passage among the regions of the dead are magnified that bis final entrance into the peaceful realms of tbe gods—a justified soul whom no demon can or ever could touch— may be made more conspicuous. Tbe ordeals past, the dead man is absorbed into Osiris and dwells for ever in the impersonal peace of a pantheistic solution of the problems of being. ' There are many of these tombs in these valleys, and I cannot but think that Isaiah, the Jewish prophet, obtained thence his imagery for that weird and eloquent picture of the royal dead, where be describee the kings all lying in glory, each in his own boose, and awaking from their slumbers when they see Nebuchadnezzar coming down among them. I do not hint that the prophet thought that the Babylonian king was buried in tbe land of the Nile, but in his 14th chapter be use* for poetic drapery what nenad beard of the sepulchres of tbe Pharaohs. The valley contains the tombs of the fringe of the Nineteenth Dynasty, bat tbe carious fact has yet to be stated that tbe kings themselves were never to be found there. AU tins labor seemed to have beta in vain. An empty sarcophagos perhaps may have turned up, bat not often £ven tW These underground sacred palaces when discovered, were tenantiess and deserted. This notable and unexpected fact should ba carefullv borne in mind, for it is the first incident in the "Story of the royal mummies." For years people had been wondering over the fate of those mummies. They were thought to be lost, irrecoverably lost, and no one ever dreamt of finding them, but in archeology, as in other things, the French proverb often proves itself true, " It is the un expected that happens." TOMB OF RUCESES VL One of these royal tombs has been destined to a siDgubr fate. It was commenced as the last abode for the mummy of Barneses VI. The entrance passage was being made on a larger scale than usuaL but before any very Eenous work was aecompliahed or much painting had been done the work was stopped. Perhaps rharaoh died and wanted his tomb too soon. Perhaps in a fit of disgust he fancied it would not be qnite as snug as he liked and began another. Anyway this tomb is about the best known and the best remembered of any in the valley. Amid the rubbish at the month are to be found fragments of modem bottles, bearing the romantic names of "Bass" and "Guinness." The ancient Egyptians under- Etood how to preserve the delicate little sardines of the Delba in oU, but the tins to be seen there to-day are redolent of fish too freshly &IzJe; to deceive any antiquary. The jackals haunt that spot continually in the evening, starching for legs of fowls, and scrape of turkey, and rind of cheese. In fact, it faas become the lunching ground of all the tourist parties who visit that inhospitable region. One day it may be a company of Cookites who are there, the next it may be a troupe of Gazites, or as they get called "Gazelles," who gain possession, and on another an independent party. Very grateful indeed was the shadotv cf that rocky tomb in that weary land as 1 remember our camping there. We were a large company, and sat on broken stones down each side of the passage tired, hungry, and especially thirsty. Oar* Arab attendants were busy bustling about At the mouth was a crowd of eager natives with their loincloths bulging oat with con cealed burdens of antiques which they wanted to sell, some forgeries, but mostly undoubtedly genuine, for though a scarab may be manufac tured it is another thing to make op a mummy's bead or a lady's wife of ancient date, or a cat with the proper odor of venerable epicy sanctity. Our dragoman every now and then drives them back, calling them a lying cheating crew, forgetting that ho himself was detected a day or two back in an attempt to palm off some scarabs as real which I saw him buy from a native at ss. per dozen. Lunch over the whole company takes its ease for half an hour, and then our dragoman delivers an oration in queer broken English with a considerable dash of hnmor in it. " Ladies and gentlemen—lt is now time to be off. You have seen the tombs of the kings: you must now come with me to see workof a great queen. I can't show you her tomb, which would not be proper even if I knew where it was, but I will show yon her portrait and what she did. She was the Bort of woman that no one would like for one of hi3 wives. She would give the man stick instead of the man giving- her stiok. Are you ready?"' "What was her name?** said onr American girl who suggested the necessity of getting into a B.C. etjite of mind. "Her name was Hat&eon;," which suggested a number of puns which I will not repeat. " She was a queen of the Seventeenth Dynasty, and was brother of Thotmes IIL If any of you don't like the climb or are afraid of meeting this terrible lady's ghost, yon can go back by the mouth of the valley, and I will send a boy with you/.but those who like come with me." So we mounted our asses and climbed in a long filfi oat of that awf nl glen till we reached the ridge, whence we saw lying before us the whole plain of Thebes with the Nile cutting it in two. At our teet was a very singular tempU, utterly unlike all others we had seen, flinging to the sides of the cliff, which is usually known as the temple of Dier-el Bahari, which is the name of a modern Arabic village near by. A QCEE3.--KKG. Before, however, we go into it we most en deavor to put together a, few fragments of history. At the time of which I am now writing there were reigning the first kings of the famous Seventeenth Dynasty. The' Pharaoh's name is Thotmes T. He has a wife and three children, that is, a daughter named Hatafon, and two boys, both named Thotmes. The iather dies, and one of the sons comes to wear the double erotrn, and is known .is Thotmes 11. He was a quiet, easy-going sort of man, bat his sister was of a very different order. She was the Jezebel or Lady Macbeth of that old tima She became co- regent, as- Eurced the royal title, and took the first place in the govemmect. As one looks at the two portraits of the brother and sister side by side the contrast is astonishing—the woman is the man, the man is the woman. Egypt now began to make great strides under this capable woman, and important works were commenced and carried out which remain to this day. I do sot know whether or not she cued for her brother, but she dearly loved power, and we are not surprised to find that he soon disap pears from the scene and the lady u left alone. She thai begins to wreak her spite on her poor dead brother, and tries to blot oat his memory by erasing his name from the monuments and putting in either her father's or her own. She now bad it all her own way. She added to her titles. She assumed male attire. She had herself called a king, and spoken of as " he " and "him." She ia depicted crowned with the tall plumes of Amen Ha. She calls herself "Son of the Sun," " the Good God," " the Lord of the two Lands." The sculptors were doubtless puzzled, and sometimes these masculine and feminine titles were mixed qoeerly together, and this personage "beloved of Amen" is marked as a lady. She was a great builder, and adorned Egypt with some of the best of the monuments. As we descend into the Temple of Dier-el- Eanari, which this blue-stocking built, we are struck with the sculptured pictures. We see a perfect fleet of f-hipi On the decks of the ships are piles of sacks, foreign trees in baskets, apee, baboons, dqg?, slaves, and leopard skins. In some of the pictures these ships are being laden, and we see at once that the land where they are anchored is not Egypt. It is some remote region where the natives build their rmts on piles or in trees, as they do to-day in . Kew Guinea. It is a region where incense trees abound, where spicy breezes blow soft on seme unknown isle?.' The Egyptians are try ing to bring back the animal and vegetable treasures of that land to their own Nile banks, that they may be naturalised there in the Botanic, or the Zoological Gardens of the City of Thebes. In otliersof the pictures theso ship3 have come home safely from their voyage to the land of Pont. It must have been a great day of rejoicing when they came back, fora eplendid aquatic procession was organised on the Nile. The whole city was moved. The Queen-King was there in state. The wild natives of the land of Pont performed their war dance. A great religious feast was inaugurated, and lest the memory of Queen Hataeou and her expedition down the Red Sea to the mystic land of Pont should be forgotten the whole story was pictured in detail on the walls of the new temple which the <jUten was having built nmnng the tombs of the Tbeban Cemetery. It was a thing which she evidently thought she would like to remember after her passage into the land of Amend. THOTMES THE CHEAT. Queen Batason had a younger brother whom she suffered to live, and allowed a seat upon her footstool. Younger brothers will not, however, always keep young, and the time came when this tremendous woman had to reckon with him. He had a different spirit from the other brother. He was not to be trifled with. As he grew towards manhood his name appears on the monuments, subordi nate to his sister's. By-and-bye she disap pears; how, we kcour not. He may have deposed her ; she may have slept in Osiris in a proper fashion ; but at any rate Bhe vanishes, and her brother proceeds to have her name erased from the monuments, and it ia simply because his sculptors did this work in too thallow a fashion, that we can trace his sister's career without much difficulty. He had seven years of joint rule, and then she is no more heard of, and the biother was left to reign alone. Kow this man, Thotmes 111., was the greatest of all the Pharaohs. He was the conqueror of the world, and carried .Egyptian arms far away into Asia beyond the Euphrates. Palestine and all the lands of Syria and Babylon became a series of provinces of the mighty empire which be built up. He extended the power of Egypt also far up the Kile into the doudan. Nothing could resist his might. He seems aleo to have been a patron of literature, and like Solomon a man learned in natural history. He was, like his sister, a great builder, and far enrpaes-d any previous Pharaoh in the daring ambition of his architecture. He reigned for 54 years, and died and was buried, and left behind him a name as the greatest monarch in all the world, the greatest in fact ll>atupto that time the world hail ever known in ary country or empire. He was buried, but no one Irnew where, and no one knosra where even to this day. He was not placed in the Valley of the King* —at least no tomb of his has been un coverfd- The great man passed away, but as I f-hall narrate presently, he now rests in a glass case in the museum at Ghizeh. The great monarch Thotmes 111. is one of the heroes of the "Stcry of the Royal Mummies." This man, Thotmes IIL, belonged to what is called the Eighteenth Dynasty. He was sac cecded by other kings in the proper line, and they were all Pharaohs of a high average. Not long after a furious religions agitation broke out which seems to have been an attempt on tKe part of an earnest but eccentric king to 'chum U:e national religion in a healthy and r«w- fas-hion. This controversy tore Egypt to j-iittt. It i3 interesting to us when we ra member that the Israelites were all this time growing into a proper readiness for the great religious movement under Mosw,>ind that this new Egyptian religion was strongly lie Mosaism'in its simplicity and purity. However. be this as it may, the old conservative priestly power was up in arms. The more modi-rn cry of the church being in danger was aroused. The priests of Amen, the old Sun God of Thebes, put down, by all the means they could command, the heretic creed of the new Sun God, with his robe of purity and his diadem of beneficent rnys. The name of this eccentric Pharaoh was Amenophi.- IV., or, as he liked to be called, Kuenhaten. His tomb has very recently been foucd at Tcl-en-Amarna, but no acrount of it lias been published. The old religion was once more rc-tstored, and shortly afterwards the Eighteenth' Dynasty passed away, about the 14th century l>.c This chapter of my sketches must be read in conjunction with that which follows, for together they purport to tell the story of the rsyal mummies. In what I bave written I have described the empty tombs and one or two of the iiereonages who ought to have lx<-n found in them. There remains yet to be told how the great Pharaohs were hiddi-n away, and how their mortal remains have been dis covered. 