C&ijfffltc; Intelligent*. "A Catholic newspaper is a perpetua Wtittion in every parish." —HIS HOIIKBSS POPS LEO VICTORIA. XLH. ARCHDIOCESE OF MELBOURNE. PASTORAL LETTER To THE CLERGY AND LAITY OF THE ARCHDIOCESE OF MELBOURNE For Lent, 1892. •BELOVED BRETHREN,—Theobject of the Church in commanding the observance of Lent is twofold—: first, to keep before the mind of her children the spirit of the Gospel of Christ; and secondly, to provide them with suitable and $alutary means for corresponding with that spirit. The spirit of the Gospel of Christ is a spirit of self-denial, of self-restraint, and of self-sacrifice. It is the same spirit which shone with radiant beauty round the stable at Bethlehem, and which was crowned with immortal glory on the hill of Calvary. It is the spirit which was illustrated in every stage of the life, and enforced in every phase of the teaching of the Founder of Chris- 1 tianity. Of Him it was true during -Ji .-life on earth that, while "the eirds had their nests and the foxes their holes, the Son of Man had not •whereon to lay His head." And of His followers the test He required was, "if any man will come after Me, let him deny himself and take up his cross and follow Me."—Matt. xvi., 24. It is the spirit which was preached by the Apostles and rigorously practised by the first professors of the Christian religion. It is the spirit which made the ^reat Apostle of the Gentiles " chastise his body and bring it into subjection lest whilst he preached to others he himself should become a cast-away."—I. Cor. ix., 27. . It is the same spirit which, at a very early, if not in the apostolic, age, led to the observance of Lent as a special season of fast and abstinence, of prayer, iand of alms deeds. This spirit and this observance have been observed without interruption in the Catholic Church down to the present day, and thus form one of the connecting links between the Church of the first and the Church of the nineteenth century. This spirit of self-denial and self-sacrifice is a liecessary consequence of the fallen condition of human nature, which makes man's life a warfare upon earth, and which has occasioned a constant conflict between the lower appetites and the higher desires of man's nature. As long as this conflict continues—and it: will continue as long as man lives on earth—so long will it be necessary for those who desire to live according to the spirit to " mortify the deeds of the flesh." Mortification is the object of the fast and abstinence prescribed during the time of Lent. The same' degree of mortification is not prescribed for all indiscriminately. The Church has regard to the necessities and to the requirements of the different classes of her children. Thus, the young, or those who have not completed their twenty-first year, the old or those who are over.. jsijcty years of age, those who are suffering from sickness, and those who are engaged in laborious work, are not required to fast. As fasting regards the quantity of food allowed, there is no limit set to the quantity which may be used by such persons; The law of Ahtinince, on the.other hand, regards the quality of food which may be taken, and binds all: who have come to the use of tfefesdn, and who are not either exempt by reason of illness or freed from the law by the dispensation of the Church. By virtue of the Papal Indult "we are. authorised^ to grant very large dispensations in the law of abstinence for the approaching Lent. But it should be remembered that if the law of abstinence be so considerably relaxed in modern times it is only because the human constitution is no longer able to bear the severer austerities practised in l earlier times, and because it is expected that compensation will be made in regard to other good works ,—particularly prayer and alms deeds —for what is remitted in the matter of abstinence. Amongst the good worlcs to which I would particularly direct your attention, the completion of St. Patrick's Cathedral holds at present the first place. You remember the enthusiasm with which the project was undertaken two years ago. You bear in mind the general desire then expressed, that^n'c'ompleting the life work of .X vegetable ahd, selfsacrificing priest, the most "suitable and enduring monpmfenit should, be at the same 1 time : feiSed t6 his memory. The 'young-looked forward with confidence, atid the'old with hope, to the day when thousands would throng transept, and navie, and aisles of the completed Cathedral, when the solemn rite of consecration would transfer the building from the dominion of man to the perpetual service of God, and when, in presence of a vast array of prelates, priests, and people, the Lord of Glory would, for the first time, take possession of His completed temple. Since then wonderful progress has been made. Although little more than a year has passed since the contract for the completion of the Cathedral was signed, already nearly half the entire work has been finished. Hitherto the Building Committee has been able to pay the contractor the instalments as they fell due up to the last. But now the current expenses of the work are exceeding considerably our resources. We, therefore, have earnestly to appeal for continued and prompt assistance. We appeal to those who have already promised a yearly subscription to send in their donations for this year on or. before St. Patrick's Day. .And we appeal to those who have not as yet contributed, or promised to contribute, to aid the good work, and to bear a man's part in completing a majestic Cathedral, which, as a work of art and a work of religion, will be the joy of the present, and the admiration of the future generations of Australian Catholics. Hitherto the burden of expense has been borne chiefly by the city and suburban Catholic residents. In the near future a special appeal will be made to the country districts, so, that city and country alike may share in the accomplishment of so meritorious a work. My desire is that every Catholic family in the Archdiocese should contribute to the setting of at least one stone in that sacred edifice. I desire to take this opportunity of expressing my grateful thanks to the members of the Cathedral Building Committee, and especially to the gentlemen who have so zealously acted as Collectors, for the harmony, zeal, and perseverance with which they have worked during the course of the past year. And as to the contributors of the large amount received dut&og; the year I can only pray, as " I shall always prayj that the "Almighty may bestow upon them a very special blessing and reward. Another good work to which attention may be appropriately directed during the Lenten time is the support and encouragement of our Catholic school^. . This support and encouragement may be given either by assisting in the building of new schools, or by contribut inj* to the endowment of scholar ships, exhibitions,or prizes intended to Stimulate the industry of the children attending Catholifc Schools, and to redress to some extent the injustice that is being done by ex eluding them from competition for prizes with the children attending the State schools. The number and efficiency of our schools are steadily increasing. The multiplication of schools taught by religious bodies is one of the compensations given by God's good Providence for the sacrifices which Catholic parents are called on to make rather than betray the first duty they owe to their children. Quite recently there has been purchased, at a cost of £2500, a site for a Christian Brothers' school so situated as to make it available for grown boys living in Collingwood, Abbotsford, and parts of East Melbourne. The Christian Brothers have undertaken to collect funds for the erection of the school, and we earnestly solicit co-operation both in the payment for the site and in the erection of the school. Fidelity to Catholic principle, perseverance in self- sacrifice, and the assertion of our claims on every suitable occasion will ultimately iead to the recognition of these claims by the Legislature, and to the concession of that assistance to our schools of which they have been so long unfairly deprived. It is a mere pretence—transparent as it is disingenuous—to urge that the concession of the Catholic claims would subvert the whole system of State education, and deprive non-Catholics of the advantages they now enjoy under the Act. On the contrary, we are persuaded that the recognition of the Catholic schools would be the means of improving the system of State education. It would enable the non-Catholic religious denominations first to agree amongst themselves about the amount and manner of religious instruction to be given in the State schools, and then to appeal to Parliament with a united voice for the recognition of Christian teaching in our Primary schools. A non-Catholic candidate for Parliamentary honours was very recently asked at the close of his speech whether he would advocate such a change in the Education Act as would allow the introduction of. Scripture lessons within the schools hours. His reply was straightforward, and worthy of the attention of non-Catholic and Catholic candidates alike. " Yes," he said, in substance, "provided that justice in the matter of education is done to our Catholic fellowcitizens, otherwise I shall oppose the introduction of any Scripture lessons in the State schools." Although total abstinence from intoxicating drinks is not commanded by the law of the Church, still the time of Lent is specially suited for the spread and advancement of the League of the Cross. The Holy League has done incalculable good since its introduction into the Archdiocese. Thousands have been sanctified by the generous sacrifice they have made in abstaining from drink in honour of the sacred thirst of Christ on the Cross. By their example and by their prayers they have been the means of making glad many a home to •which sobriety had long been a stranger. The usual procession of the members of the League will take place on the Sunday preceding St. Patrick's Day. We have observed with pleasure that a magazine—The Australian Magazine of the League of the Cross—devoted expressly to the advocacy of the cause of the League of the Cross, has recently appeared, and has already given promise of becoming a strong auxiliary in advocating the aims and advancing the cause which the members of the League have at heart. Finally, let us, dearly beloved brethren, during the time of Lent be earnest in prayer. If possible, let each family unite in the evening prayer. Where even two or three fcre assembled in Christ's name, •there is He in the midst of them. Where father, and mother, and children, and servants are united in evening prayer, there will God's ear be attentive to hear their supplication. « The grace of our Lord jesus Christ, and the charity of God, and the communication of th oly Ghost £>e with; you all. Amen."—II. Cor. xiii., 13! We remain, dearly beloved Brethren, your faithful Servant in Christ, ^THOMAS JOSEPH, ARCHBISHOP OF MELBOURNE. February, 1892. 