THE TRUE PROTECTION. Nowdoys the fiscal policy Is always a prominent plank in tho platform of every politician, yot is it a wiso policy on tho part of the consumers to place a tax on tho articles wbirii thoy do not mako but only consume? S 1 for instance, tho customs duty if 33 ,-ui cent, on imported goods, the wages of Uio laborer in all grades of employment in a country thus protected, should bo 33 per cont. higher timo iu a xreotrade country, to mako things equal— but, is it over tho caEe? True protection, liko charity, begins at home, auu in thcso days whoa tho air is ladn wiih microbes, 'oacleria aud other germs of disease, it behoves us all to bo on guard against the common oucniv ; old age kills hut few, disease slays its thousauds auu millions, uud aU bocauso man kind is bo apathetic und careless about first signs of approaching richness. Neuralgia is ouo id the most positive rigns of tho uppio&ch; of homo physical affliction, and requires initu-'diuta utlcutiou before it has progressed boyomlhiunau aid, aud tutal disease has got hold of Gomo vital organ. S. C. Ueiily, Esq., writes, under dato Juno 1st, 1891, from Gainer's Avenue, Marriekvilio, N.S.W. : 44 1 can, with confidence boar testi mony to the woudorful curativo powers of Clements Tome. For years I have been periodically attacked uud a great sufferer from uouralgiu aud general debility, and anyone who has over been afflicted wfih such norvous misery can form an idea of what I havo Buffered. I had also chronic indigestion, general languid feelings, aud an utter dis like to exert myself. Tho nouralgia was so savors thnt I htvo paced the ball all night, and tho agony was so excruciating thnt I woe almost out of wy mind. I tried nil re called remedies, aUo gal vanic treatment, which did no good. At last a friend recommended Clements Toiuo, and I was so miserable and dis heartened that I purchased a small bottie, nud after tho recoud dose folt great relief. I continued it a use, and am thankful to say thnt after twenty-four hours tli« pain hid dis appeared, nnd I wns lieo from tho nerroua terror. I continued Clomcnte Tonic and have taken four bottles; all my langour is qono, I am Ireo from indigestion, I can do a day's work with any tnno, and oat like a horse ; and have great pleasure in recotnmt-ndiug Clements Tonic to atiyono buffeting frmu nervous com plaints. — Yours truly, S. G. RHII7." Clcmcute Touic is now sold at 3s. nnd 6s. per bottle. If your local cb'tnist declines to sell at these prices, go to II. Francis and Co., Unnrk-a ctrrut. or ITnod and Co.. Elixubeth street, who will supply you. — 1\ M. Clements, 12 A'tieckett streot, Melbourne. Tho year 923 marks tho discovery of Green land by llio Icelanders. A pood storv como from ono of thn reconfc elections. A plan was formed to frighten to death a certain Tim C.isoy on hm return from innvkot by night past tho churchyard. As ha passed, tho usual turnip, white sheet, ond lan- thoru of tho conventional ghost were submitted to his gazo with the customary weird howls. Tim, howover, tinqly lonJ;«>d fixedly ' i ho appuritiou for n moment and rouurked, ! 44 Arruh, now. and in it a trourrnl ro iFrfqti<yi» j or are ye just taking a walk by ytreaU V5' 