CHAPTER I. FEKNBROOK. No spot m the whole Southern Hemis phere can boast such a rugged and im posing coast line as Sew Zealand. On its most northern ledge towers the Great Barrier Rock-the ; first point on which tlie ocean tossed i&ariner; rests his Veary eye-the first land, seen when bearing tip for Maoriland. '. A'.strange land this. Along its shores the, vision encounters huge and mystic sliapes ^tevery turn of the sea wall. . "Here, the Colossus of Rhodes ; there a ponderous Sphinx, ris ing sheer above iti fellows, and whose base lias,been lapped- by the restless waves for a thousand years. Truly, a strange country is this' of Te waite, the Maori, and the most mystic and awe--icsp;ring spot of all is that of the Barrier Rock. Save the :Fire Mountain of Tongongora, It is the grandest and also the highest point in New Zealand. It is a gigantic mount, as large as Gibraltar, and equally ringed in by the sea, except at the western end, where there is a nar row strip of kauri forest, which lints it with the mainland. Yiewed from the sea the Barrier pre sents the ? :iv;mee of an exact cone up to within iiuy yards of its top. There the sloping ends. Beyond it is treeless, and as bare and bald as the crown of a friar; otherwise the sides of the giant guardian of Maoriland are densely wooded to the waters edge. Singular indeed, betimes, ir- the tree less summit. Seamed assd sirred, its surfacc is mottled with « srlaze, which, during the sunlk: iid even und-ar the mellower beauis ur the moon, skives forth a eorusc.ition, ?.s ii the lights were reacted from scale armour. Riven rocks, with deep yawning chasms, are | everywhere around ir, and the strange j glow is over all. No northern painter in primeval day ever dreamed of forms so mighty, so groti'Hjue, as scums to look down tipon you from the rocks around. It required only a very meagre stretch of the imagination t<> people those heights ,-ind depths with a race of Titans, to con jure up the sculptor at his work, rude though it may be, after all the countless ages that have passed. On the southern side of the Barrier, and within a miie of that narro# neck of earth which joined the great, rock to the mainland, stood a large and solidly built mansion. Its position was a broad, slop, ing ridge, which ran parallel with the base of the mount for more than half its entire length, overlooking a lovely valley. The architectural style of this building was almost as quaint and as strong as the natural walls of rock surrounding it. Thirty years previous to the opening of this story, Colonel Harry Fern brook-a handsome, dashing spendthrift, who had run through a large fortune ia London, sold his commission, and with the money emigrated to New Zealand and purchased the Barrier Bock and its adjacent land from old Te Huri, the Maori chieftain, and there made his future home. The colonel, who was a bachelor, bad not been settled twelve months at the Rock ere he fell in love, and married Myra Hilton, a Maori half-cast girl of great beauty, and heiress to immense wealth. One son only was the issue of this mar riage-Hilton Fernbrook. The boy. was sixteen years old when he^ lost his parents by a boating accident -oh the Barrier during a squall, and the duty of the youth's personal welfare devolved upon Rita, a tall silent Maori woman who had been Mrs Fernbrook's nurse and chief domestic. [ A bold, weird looking landscape is this around the Barrier Rock, with its glisten. iug pinnacles, its far receding peaks and downs of worn rock with the setting sun full upon them, and lighting up many a gloomy dell below. Here where the sun glinted upon the face of the cliff an iris might be seen shining amidst the fleece-like vapor. But rare was the eye that beheld this beauti ful phenomenon, for the place had the reputation of being haunted. Few there are in our day who believe in ghosts. This go-a-head era of telephones and telegraphs lias grown out of all that. We have become too matter-of-fact and prac tical for such humbug. Nevertheless, he was a bold fellow who would venture alone into the dim and dismal region of that ravine, and not feel the influence of the place upon his "nerves^ It was evident some daring morlal had ignored the peril, for a tiny spiral column of smoke could be seen ascending from ! the haunted depths of the ravine upward to where a kind of stairway was traced, formed of creepers, the outstanding stems | serving as steps. | It was only by standing upon the very outer ledge above, and parting the foliage that screened it that the smoke could be seen ; and if only superficially observed, it might easily have been mistaken for a strong waif of the fog that floated above the waterfall near which it rose. Closely scrutinised, however, its blue color and soft filmy haze rendered it recognisable as the smoke of a wood fire, and one that must have been made by some human hands. Under the branches of a large kauri standing by the edge of the lagoon a canoe of rudo construction was moored by a twisted piece of supplejack attached to the tree. Nor was this the only indi cation of the presence of .man. Olose under the cliff, and near where the tor rent came tumbling down from the rocks stood a kauri pine of enormous dimen sions. Its buttressed trunk covered a surface of more than forty feet in di ameter, and the top rose nearly to the brow of the cliff, with a thick foliage upon it which completely shut put the views overhead. Beneath it stood a whare, or Maori hut, constructed of flax thongs and rushes, with a door opening out to the path up the rock. Few, and simple indeed were the articles of furni ture in this primitive abode. A couch made from two poles interlaced with dried flax and fern thereon, formed a bed, a shsefc of bark placed upon four stakes for a table, and a kauri log for a seat. Save an old tin kettle and one or two utensils, there was nothing else in the establish ment in the way of goods and chattels. Against the walls hung a variety of singu lar objects. The skull and tusks of a savage boar, enormous bats, with human like faces, ugly snakies, strings of teeth and beads, and quaint images carved in wood. Squatting by the door of the, whare was a Maori smoking a black, short clay pipe. He was of gigantic proportions, and frightfully tattooed over every part of his face. Between bis broad shoulders was Bet a bull-like head almost neckless. This personage was evidently watching and waiting for the appearance of some one expected by way of the cliff, for at the slightest sound he would crane himself and listen intently. At such times his back was bent like a bow, presenting a great hunch, partly the effect of advanced age, and partly from natural malfor mation. The Maori's costume waa in keeping with his abode. A sliort thick tamba (cloak) of mica, jack boots, much worn, together with a blanket formed into a toga (coat), completed his costume. At his hand stood a double-barrelled gun, | with a shot bag manufactured from the | skin of some wild animal. I Whoever the individual might be for whom the old Maori watched and waited, did not appear to hurry, for the sun be gau to dip into the sea awav beyond the Tonga Reef ere the expected personage made his appearance. ° In the fast deepening twilight the form of a.man appeared at the apex of the cliff, who gave a peculiar cry, in imitation of the toiio. The Maori below immediately sprang to his feet at the sound, and began climbing up the face of the jagged rock with astonishing rapidity. The lagoon reached, he unfastened the canoe from its moorings, and paddled across to where ni!lr> stood for whom lie had been. I waiting. There was just light sufficient! jto see that this latter personage was a | little hardy-looking young man, and with a form as lithe and supple as an ee:. His ' face, though bearing 110 particular indi cations of manly beauty, denoted both daring and cunning in a remarkable de gree, otherwise there was nothing to mark the man. from any ordinary mortal, ex cept when he opened his mouth ; then rfffiISaS1'eeabIe sensation, as fflav crrS-nf 8tmyl °f a pantIler the croak or a raven. Shfr' iime ^e pair redressed the la oon and descended the cliff. Not a word passed between them till they reached the hut. There the Pakehl (white man) threw himself upon the rude couch, and emitted a long whistle of relief. " So this is the Great Barrier, is it ?" e cried, with a mild irony in his un pleasant voice. " I guess I've seen some few places ou this globe besides New Zea land, but hang me as high as Captain Uragg if ever I saw anything to compare with this. There isn't a level yard of terra-firma on the entire rock. If one wants to go over the waiv to visit one's neighbour, although there are no neigh bours hereabouts that I can see, vOU can't doit under five or six miles climbing 1 augh! give me a match, Bosco." The huge Maori grinned, and at the same time handed his white companion a curiously carved box containing vestas. Now, old fellow, I'm going to rest here for half an hour." continued the little man, lighting a cigar, and handing another to his companion. " In the in° terim I want you to see that the gear is ; put into the boat all ready to make a start." What, to-night ?" enquired the Maori. "To-night, Bosco! The moon will be up m an hour. We will sail when there's , light enough, if you please." I The herculean savage gave a grunt pe* j collar to the Maori race, lit his cigar, and left the hut. The other sat and smoked j m silence for some time, until his' thoughts found vent in audible mufcter-1 lags. " Egad 1 this is going the tieket, | and no mistake,'3 lie cried, taking the cigar from his lips and apostrophising the curling smoke above his head. "Here am I, Timothy Sharps, alias the Ferret, I Mid valet-de-sham to his greatness Mr Hilton Fernbrook, lord of the Barrier Rock. Here am I, ambassador, courier, | messenger, forerunner, and what not, to j herald the approach of my boss-master, II mean to this his home, after an ab- j sence of five years spent in England, and on the continent of Europe. Ha! ha ! | ha ! it s rare fun to be a gentleman, and I to do the grand tour as the boss and I j j have done for those years past. Ho ! ho ' ho 1" And the idea so tickled the risible muscles of the little man that he rolled over the bunk in a fit of uncontrollable merriment. "Well, well, IVe done my missiou here satisfactorily at any rate '' when he had recovered himself. One trump card played, which will go far to win the game if properly followed up." ^jSTow, let me glanca once more over my instructions to make sure I have missed nothing. First to give Bosco, the Maori, half a dozen lines scribbled in some out landish fashion that old Nick himself could not read. The savage read it though, and deuced glad and pleased he seemed after it too. He placed himself at once entirely at my disposal, and put the missive away in his dirty blanket as if it had been the Kohin.oor. Second received at the house-wl^n I got there, that is, which took a terrible time, and devilish tired 1 felt, too, scraping my shins against the sharp, steep rocks-re ceiv edat the house with open arms, and especially by that tall, dart old she cat Rita, the housekeeper. What an eye she has, and what long claws for scratching. Humph! Ferret, you rascal, beware of that Maori devil in petticoats. How her withered face lighted up when I iold her that Master Hilton was coming; home Ah, well! if the place doesn't suit you, Timothy Sharpe, you can give notice. Ha ! ha! ha ! Lastly, I am not to delay my return; very well, Master Hilton Fernbrook. The wind is fair f.or our sixty mile journey, and I'm glad ifc is so, for an open fishing boat is not the most safe and comfortable conveyance on the coast of New Zealand on a dark ni ght, and with a chopping sea ou. Entrc n cms, Ferret, if the wind holds the Maste. r of I' erabi cok shall see the face of his hum ble servant ere to-morrow's dawn .' "Who's there?" The harsh wee croaked out the latter exclamation fierc,?. ly, and at the same instant a revolver Was pulled forth from the breast of Ms Hub toned up coafc, " - - . ' ** B °.a^ ®osco returning," he cried, after an intense pause. " This in fernal den ot peaks and chasms would un nerve the devil himself." He had only time to replace tlie weapon in his coat when the Maori re-entered the Wiiare. " Well, the boat is readv 2'* "Yes." C;f5ethen>Iead t!,e way Bosco," cried the other, r,s,ng, and lighting a fresk , """j11" -* nlaster gave me positive orders to be back at Pukenhina > to- morrow morning. -To be Continue d. F U 1 