[NOW STBST PCBMSHED.] TWIXT THE CUP AND THE LIP, Br F.:?:=©; aPHIDSilPS, Author of " As in & Looking Glass/' " Dean and His Daughter," &c.y; &e.; (\Aiii< Rights RESERVED.] xR. JOHN BALDWIN was an ^ y only son. He had led a .wan dering life and after some ten years in the Colonies, lie had returned to Eng land at his father's wish, to settle down. In that ten years he had gained some knowledge of the world, that was'all; but hie lather, being an old ?roan j wished to see his son, and bless Mm before he died. John, like most wanderers, was susceptible, he had hardly been a month in England, be fore fee met the nicest girl in the world; his liking was returned, parents were consulted, and nothing remained but to prepare the settlements #and to fix the day. Old Baldwin would com mit himself to nothing more than this i- . * I have provided for John in mak- i ing him my residuary legatee ; he is my only son, I can say no more. James Baldwin had always been a saving man ; little by little the ball of his fortune had accumulated, saved from the small salary he obtained as a clerk in the old Manchester house of Tapper, Day and Son; and as he rose to be their trusted traveller and representative, the snowball had in creased. At sixty years of age, there had been talk of James Baldwin's having a seat in the house; but, truth to tell, he was getting too old. Tapper, D*v and Son had as much confidence in him as ever, but trade was not what it once was; the old*r houses were going to the wail, and as T«pper, the hfeadof the firm, remarked to old Baldwin: * You and I, James, have seen rough times, but it has always been plain-sail ing with us; thesevyoungsters mil have their work cut out for them.* So said old Tapper, and when he left the house shortly after, carefully withdrawing every farthing he had in it, his name did not appear any longer in St. Mary Axe, but Day, Son and Tapper was the new style of the firm. Day, Son and Tapper began well; they g»*e old Baldwin an annuity-a small one, for times were bad. They built a modern warehouse in place of their dark and ill-favoured one, and they kindly permitted old Baldwin to leave his savings in their hands: as to the annuity it was duly credited, each half year, but it merely helped with each year's interest to add to the snowball of old Baldwin's accumula tions. Long «go the amount had been written in tour figures, at last it came to five. Ten thousand pounds, on John Baldwin's return from the East, stood to his father's credit in the books of Day, Son and Tapper, and when the old gentleman received the usual half yearly statement of his affairs, he used to raise his eyebrows ominously as he ruled: the two regulation lines under the sum total. Of course James Baldwin's ten thousand pounds were mot at ealL It had been arranged that six month's notice was to be given to the firm. This was but fair they said, arid James Baldwin thought so too. When old Tapper left the firm, the partners of the new firm had kindly but firmly pointed out to Baldwin his position. . ' You have a Bill of Exchange, James, signed by Tapper, Day and Son, if you retain that and anything ^ Day, Son and Tapper, you could only come in affcer all the trade creditors were satis fied.' ' But you could come down on me, mm know, Jam68^ said the former lead of the firm with a guffaw; 'you ?fprilfl ftfime downon me. .. . ' the firm he had received his money, with the firm it shoiitd remain. Often and often, after John's return, fie had told him this; and as the nature of the old man was eminently i uncommunicative, John had not the I remotest idea of his father's position, j But a time was coming when the j fatter began to feel that he mast J needs be more confiding. The parents J of the iiiceS' girl in the world asked j awkward questions, and at length John J was forced to put these q«estions to j his father. This was all the more im perative as James Baldwin was in very indifferent health, and Lucy's father j was be oming impatient for something j tangible. j John looked upon his father as a ] man who had earned his ease by sheer j hard work, and he supposed him to I have a small competence. Whether] it died with him or not had not] troubled the younger mail; but now j he was told definitely one day by his j father what the nature of hie property j was. j 4 My boy, I am breaking/ the old I m n said, 'I have not many morel weeks to live.' 1 ' John knew this to be true. He J silently pressed his father's hand. I ' I have provided for your sisters,' j he said; 'they will have a couple! of thousand pounds apiece* You, j my dear son, yon will be my executor 1 and my residuary legatee. I shall! leave you ten thousand pounds, John j -there or thereabouts * J And then came the oft-told tale of I the old firm and its work, its steady I uphill but successful work; of James I Baldwin's long service to the firm, I and of their mutual confidence. j ' I hold no security,' said James j Baldwin. 11 want no security; but I with you, «jy boy, it will be different. I My girls are provided for, my invest- j meats exactly cover their shares; but j you are my only son, you will begin I ypur life with ten thousand pounds/ | The old man dwelt on the words lov- I ingly. * Ten thousand pounds, and ] remember, John, yon have not known I the firm as I have known it. You I will want the money. Take it out* I Old James Baldwin placed a memo-1 randum of the contents of his will in J his son's hands, turned his face to th* I wall and, as is common with the age, j was asleep in a few moments. j John Baldwin was astonished; as ton- I ished at the amount of his father's! property ; astonished at the amount of I his own legacy But it was not ex- 1 actly a legacy John was entitled to, J : but a residue. Lucy's parents, too, I were suprised at the amount, but old j James Baldwin's intergrity was incon-1 testable. Lucy's father was satisfied ; 1 more than sati*fied. With ten thou- j sand pounds John could go into a good J house, and Lucy would furnish it. | All fwas plain sailing; settlements J were to prepared, Lucy's little property J was to be securely tied up; and the J young people were to wait till John I came into his own. - * j James Baldwin's days were num- J ered, and he died, as he predicted J himself, in a few weeks. John and I his c '-executor, young Tapper, J proved the will. John paid his sisters j their legacies, and, giving the firm of Day, Son and Tapper six months' notice,. he waited patiently for his inheritance The notice expired m Christinas ] Eve. John and Lucy were to be married at the Hew Year. John had bought a- house, and it was in every way suited to his object. In doing this John Baldwinspen* his hist penny, but there was no imprudence in this. Did he not hold the bill of Day, *on j and Tapper for ten thousand pounds ? Lucy's father one morning asked John toicall on him. ' I don't like this- matter of yours, John,' he said. 41 don't like it- Pay, Son and Tapper are-fishy. They dono business. The day for middle-men has gone by. Whatfs the good of them P he remarked. * Will Mr. Titely go to them, will the stores go to them, or will you and £ go to their customers ? Now don't mistake me. I amaman of my word; I will, not deeeiveyou. When you get your ten thousand "pounds you can marry my daughter. Not till then/ ^ vwaiyiL:" ?- ? \mepnftr. j A. WUt£f. could h© «say? Hkv^eft the old man. teni. If right? ' would be true to him he did not foi an instant doubt; but to begin life in an empty house, and with empty pockets, and several diplomas care fully preserved in a tin case would be hard on Lucy. Indeed, he felt it would be impossible. Sadly he thought of hie frequent visits to Tapper. In the huge ware house that b«* remembered in his bfoy hood, so full of busy people, he had lately seldom, noticed, a customer as he passed through. Tapper, his co executor, had always been glad to see him. Mechanically he turned his steps towards St. Mary Axe. As he entered the huge portico of the well lighted warehouse, and asked for Mr. Tapper, he again noticed the apparent absence of . business. Some new and j energetic employe, taking him for a I customer, had rushed out and said something to John about a Job litiA in the broche silks, but this young fellow's earnest solicitations merely set in motion the echoes of the huge place. Baldwin disabused him of the i idea that he w&s; a customer, and the | idling employes merely grinned at I each other. Re went in; he chatted! with Tapper. There was no go, how- i ever, in Tapper; blight seemed to have j settled down on him. As he passed | out Day nodded cheerfully and wished ] him good day. With a medical man's ihstinct he saw that Day, toe, looked ill and barasssed. But he felt relieved by the friendly nod and the kind smile 1 that he remembered since his boy hood. Time went on. John got more anxious, Lmcy's father more and more suspicious as to the solvency of the firm in St. Mary*Axe. On the morn ing of the 24th of Deceiiber his future father-in-law, while looking as unlike Charles the Fust as possible, us*d that sad king's sad phrase to him in an ominous way as he left the old man's office. * lie member!' he said. At the stroke of four he.stood at the counter of the bank in which he kept his little account. Hie asked for his pass-book as executor with Tapper. * * Any large sum paid in to-day ? * he enquired of one of the receiving clerks. 'Nothing, sir.' He left the bank as they closed the doors, and walked straight to St. Mary Axe. Young Tapper stood upon the steps. ' The compliments of the season. Doctor,' said he with a forced smile, ' Step up-step up. Mr. Day wants to see you.' 1 Ah,' thought John with a beating heart,4 all may yet be w^lL* He followed Tapper into Day's sanctnm. Me apologised for his in trusion ; when suddenly Tapper re marked with much briskness : * Well, Doctor, w« owe you ten thousand pounds-and we can't pay that's all.' If Tapper had intended a coup de theatre it failed. ' I thought as much,' said John. Strange to say no feeling of ill will to the firm which was depriving him of everything was felt by John, who looked appealingly at Bay. A kind of gray smile came over the face of the senior partner. * We are very sorry, Dr. Baldwin, very sorry Things have b**en getting toy bad in (his business lately. We have felt it more than most firms. The troth is the middleman is being pushed to the wall. The stock we have on our shelves should be in th« hands of our customers. Yes, things are bad, very bad. Business has been leaving us and our customers ; the stores and "the pareel post have killed our country trade; the country drapers are unable to meet their engagements; and to come to the point, we mast ask you to wait.' *Can you suggest any arrangtnent,' said John. * A cash payment, how ever small. lam sorry toaskit,Mr. Day. but, as Mr. Tapper can tell you J itis my all.' \- * Kfc, Dr. Baldwin, wecan do nojflah^ ?in: that way*- and if we?. 4o aid from our friends by the 2few Year we must call them together.' / ? \ , ;? 1. .Mr. IJay,' sa^lo^^ sorry to do anything to annoy you^ t#Lt ybu have 3*ot every ferthing I have in the world, t must go to my w lawyer. It is a duty I owe to myself -and to others.' ' Of course, of course. Possibly yon. are quite rigiit; but we will mafcfe you a proposition the day after to morrow. What that may be X can not for "the moment tell, bat we will endeavour to do our best. Can you call on as at two the day after to* morrow ?' Baldwin pose. * I will come at two,' he said with a On paper,' said Tapper, briskly, * on paper, we £ ay over twenty shill ings in the pound; remember that, Dr. Baldwin. Don't be rash. Think twice before you put yourself in a lawyer's hands.' * Dr. Baldwin must do as he pleases.* said the head of the firm as he shook hands ; he must do as he pleases, Tapper.' * Of course, of course, quite so. I was merely advising him in his own interests.' Baldwin left the place and hurried to Slowboy and Brink's. ' Well, Dr. Baldwin,' said Brisk, 4 what can we do for you ?' Baldwin told his tale, and the face of smiling Mr. Brisk lengthened visibly as lie went on and, when he had finished, the smile had vanished altogether. ' And you come to me to know what to do ? Ah! They are all rotten, of course they are. Look at Dandy's; there was a case. Well, you can wait till the day after to-morrow at two. I will go with you, or if yom prefer it, I will meet yen there. 1 am afraid, if they talked of calling their creditors together on the first of January, that there is little to be done ; still we will see what they say the day after to morrow. If there is no offer, no offer consisting of cash payment, there is only one course-only one course.' * And that »s ?' ' A writ.* The professional smile returned. * GjkhI day. Good day. A Merry Christmas, Dr. Baldwin.* They shook hands and John walked off, full ot sad thoughts, through tha smiling cro *d. The bells pealed their m*rry carol in honour of the day. What was the carol they rang to John Baldwin ? Ruin-ruin certain ruin. John waited impatiently in his rooms-his temporary rooms ia the Temple. Those ugly rooms, that he had fully expected to change for the smiling bijou house. He had not the heart to keep Christmas, the feast of gladness, with Lucy and her father, and there eat his Christmas dinner. No. He pleaded indisposition, a headache. He sat in his dismal chambers in the two pair back of King's B«'nch Walk t hat Christmas Day; and there, in lieu of a Christmas dinner, he sat and ate his heart. Next day he went to Brisk. ' I have heard from them,' said the lawyer. ' Useless to give Dr. Baldwin the trouble of a needless interview; we have no proposition to make.' There is nothing for it, we can issue the writ as a precaution, that is all.' 4 But will that help me ?' * I fear not, Dr. Baldwin; but it will tend to bring matters to a Crisis -you will know in a fortnight. You wish as to do this, I suppose ?' , Baldwin nodded, but his conscience smote him. Was not this being hos tile to Day ? Of Tapper he did not think; but of Day, who i had given him many a slap on the back in Ms youth and, what was more, many a half sovereign-of brisk, kind Day. But the thought of Lucy banished all hesitation. The writ should he issued. Back, back to the lonely chambers -he could not, face Lucy with the news he had to telL What right halt he to have wrecked her life with his castles in the air. His fathers ten thousand pounds, the ricjh inheritance of an only son, were passing away in Jsmoke. Perhaps something.. might reach him eventually. But his mar riage could never take place--Lucy*s Father would never consent. .Year's E*p passed ranch as Christmas Day had done with John. Hefelt himself under a cloud., a thickening cloud. New Year's Day cameagain J&M; joy-bells from the Strand rang in his ears as he bed-room for hisdingyi the shadows i . to mock Mm. He took np his paper aiad, turned to the City intelligence with mechanical haste; there it was ? sure enough:- v 4 Messrs. Day, Son and Tappersus pended paymenith is morning. Their liabilities are said 1 to amount jto £240,000. The firm has occupied for 3Bany years a highly respectable posi- j tionin the City. They refer their losses ] /to i»#r^ the late years. A receiving order has been granted, and Mr, Sidney Sludgemou se, eftljefirmof Sludgemouse, Queckett, Gotdbe<i and Sludgemouse, Chartered Accountants, has been appointed "trustee.' That was all. Sained. The blow was too much for John Baldwin. His mind had dwelt on -it for the last week to the exclu sion of every other thought. It had unmanned him. As he stood before his smoky fire, whoseface did he see in thedingy mirror? .Not his own. His father's face; pale, pale as he had seen it when he looked upon it last. It startled him as if he had seen a ghost. He stared at it helplessly, hardly recognising himself. Yes, the shadow of death was on him; physi cally brave, he was a moral coward. ' I cannot face Lacy/ he said with a sigh. I am tired, dreadfully tired,' he muttered. He pushed away the uncomfortable breakfast with its sor did service, the bachelor's unlovely meal. He sat down at his huge writing-table, that venerable piece of furniture which almost filled the middle of the room, and wrote a few words of farewfell to Lucy. * Forgive me, Lncy. I cannot face it,' He signed it, carefully placed the paper in its envelope, directed it, stamped it, and put the letter on the mantel-piece. As he did so, again he . agifrs hip own white despairing face -and 6hrank from its awful look. Then he closed his outer door, the black door, so funereal in its inky colour j his name in white letters on it seemed to stare at him, and reminded him, he knew not why, of the nan^Q of some one already dead. Then he tcwk from a drawer of the old writing table his revolver, the well-kept weapon,! the companion of his Colonial life. He looked at it almost with affection; this old companion, all the corners of which had been worn bright with use. Mechanically he spun the chambers round- It was loaded-loaded as he brought it home a year ago. And it was clean, as a weapon should be. But ^ith punctilious care John with drew the copper cartridges one by one, and as carefully replaced them. Then he set his teeth, placed the weapon to his head, and sharply pulled the trig ger several times-a succession of clicks was the only result. The cartridges had hung fire from damp. It had required an effort, a great effort, of misp'aced pluck to pull that trigger, a second effort to repeat the pulls. But now John Baldwin broke down, the revolver dropped from his nerveless grasp, and he fainted. He was aroused by a knocking. Be snatched up the weapon, replaced it in the drawer and hastened to open the door. Lncy's father-and Lucy-pretty, happy Lucy-all smiles and blushes, were there. Tin ay rushed into his arms. \- ? Oh, John, how ill you look. John, dear John, what is the matter ?' 4 ^Then the mountain wouldn't come "M^oinet, you know,' said Lucy's father. 'A happy New Year, John. Don't-M^M-ry, nay deal boy. It's not as bad as its seems. I hear they'll pay a fair dividend.' Sohnr Baldwin,, li^ weeping £,ncy in his .arms, grasped the put aj^hed hand, he felt the bright light of h«man sympathy dispel the 4ouds setHed over his sorfly troubled mind. _ . ? % " jou father. 4 She mademe come;' - . V-r^' the shelter of the young doctor's capacious chest giying her ceuragev with a 6hudder, llet us get away from dreadfifl?|^|M®f '-S'' ? .. " "VEiiongia my hoy V said the old gentlemanwith sympathy . ' Come and eat your New Year's dinner with us.' ^ i John did not wait to be asked a second time. He rather hnrriedly ?gill; the letter he had so eare^lly addressed to Lncy in has pocket, and upon- the first opportunity committed i it to the flames. As the little party passed along the Strand, the bells of St. Clement Danes ? seemed to welcome John Baldwih back to life and happiness and love. There is liable move to tell. John and Lacy were sbortly afterwarde married, and It is pleasingto chronicle that Day, Sonand Tapperpaid twenty shillings in the pound-the last instal ment of two shillings and eightpence in the ponnd having been recently received by the delighted creditors. , {THE end;) , . 