' PUBLIO BATHS. Nearly all American and European visitors ' to Japan epeak with admiration of tho publio baths of that' country. In the city of Tokoi there are between 800 and 900 publio bathing . establishinments, each frequented by at least 300 people, who pay for the privilege an extremely email Bum — so small that one is too poor to auord it. Outside of these baths the Japanese are much given to bathing in their own house-. They are ono of the oleanliest people in tho world. Travellers from the Western world frequently express regret in describing those Japanese bathB, flinf. tliA niHifjiHiooi vn nnnnln of TT.iipnnn nnfl America have no such liko establishments. American cities, indeed, aro for the most part blessed with publio bathe, which aro open in tho summer, but they have nouo, oi practically none, which aro warmed and opened in the winter like those of Japan. In many parts of Europe, indeed, bathing is almost unknown. People who aro sup posed to he civilised and even enlightened go from infancy to tho grave, through a long life without a singlo thorough-going bath all over.' . They did not derive this uncleanly custom from their ancestors of tho ancient world. -The Roman Empire throughout almost its entire extent was a world of magnificont and 'universally patronised public bathB. curious way, tho result of tlio triumph of the Christian religion, though Christianity itself certainly could novor bo accused of oncour- aging uncloanliness. Proper caro of the body, as tho 1 Temple of tlio Holy Ghost,' is enjoined by the Christian Soriptures. In the imperial reigns which markvd the deoline of Rome tbo publio baths, which in former generations had bcoa the sources of national strength, became, on the contrary, the sources of corruption and a cause of tho » decadence of the pcoplo. A useful institu tion-had been subjected to great abuses. In these' baths the RomanB of that degen erating ago Bpent a great proportion of their time. ' They bathed in warmed and per- fumed water, and so softened and weakened themselves by continual indulgenco in thiB luxury that they not only became incapable of resistance to tyrants, but fell an easy prey to bodily vices and sicknesses. „ The early Christians, who led a severe and virtuous life, regarded tbo publio bathB witli horror. With the triumph of tho now religion, theso sources of corruption wero proscribed. But the reaction against tho abuso of the publio baths went too far. Not only wore the baths abandoned, but bathing as well. The Prench historian, Michelet, calls the 'Middle' Ages 'a thousand years without a bath.' This long period was a time of terriblo epidemics. Mysterious plagues, feeding, no doubt, upon tho filth of tiio towns, swept away myriads of people. A comparative freedom from epidemics has resulted from the growth of more cleanly ' habits, and tho increased knowledge of tlio sanitary modes of living. Publio baths, beyond all doabt, are conducive to public health. The days of chivalry wero not days of per sonal cleanliness. Many famous knights and Icings were so untidy in tiieir habits that thoy created remark, oven in those days. The magnificent eourtiers and great ladies who surrounded Henry IV. and Louis XIY. of Franco iiardlv over washed their hands and faces, though tliey ate their food with their fingers. The Duko of Orlcuns, tho famous regent during tlio minority of Louis XV., was tlio first to introduce cleanly mannors ill the French court, then tho centre of tho world's politonaas. If personal cleanliness was at that time almost unknown at the courts, the appearance of the people may perhaps be dimly conjectured. 