THE SILENT SEA. Br " AUTAELO," Author of " An Anstralian GirL" CHAPTER XIV. Viotor did not find that the Manager de veloped more companionable qualities as the days went on. There is, doubtless, often a great satisfaction to the unregenerate man in taking ohacge out of an offender by what Searle called giving a "dip," especially when the one who gives it is going beyond the reach of an inept pleasantly in return. The amazement which Fitz-Gibbon's voluntary sojourn at such a plaoe as the Colmar caused Trevaskis was ohanged by Searle's parting words into a fast suspicion that the young man bad, by reason of his large interest in the Mine, come to play tbe spy on the new Manager. Thus to the moroseness whioh his misfortunes and rankling sense of failure bad induced was added the animus oi a private grThe're8ult of this was not, however, at first bad for Victor; it bad merely the result of making him work rather bard. _ During the first week he made several clerical slips whioh Trevaskis commented on with BO much seventy and rudeness that it was with much difficulty the young man kept his temper. _ " Good heavens! how the animal sets mv teeth on edge !" he said, and then be resolved that he would never give him the chance again. For the next two weeks he worked late and early, mastering all the details of his work, making out lists of the stores on hand, bo that he should not forget to order in time. As for the variations in the men's wages, he learned them off by heart, so that he should make no errors in writing out their weekly oheques. After this spurt of work was over, Trevaskis set him to take stock of all tbe mining materials in the various storerooms. In this he had the assistant* of Miobael the water-carter. The Mine was dependant for drinking water, as indeed were all the inhabi tants of Colmar as well, on the Governmet tank, half-way between the Mine and the " An<?very bad it do be getting, that same tabnk, Mr. Fitz-Gibbon. The dhry season is poweful bad for the tahnks; you Rets down to ahl the mud and Bhlime and dead things. _ They were in the ironmongery store, Michael calling over shovels, sieves, ooils of fuse, picks,. leather belting, kegs ot nails, &c.;, Victor oheokingthem off in his stockbook. After an hour and a half of this, Victor cried out, "Smoke oh!" and the two were talking as they spelled. Michael was a nervous-looking little man, with a brick-red face, keen little brown eyes, and very red hair. As he talked, quick spasmodio twitches would from time to time pass over his face, especially round the mouth and eyes and across the nose. " But, surely to goodness, Miohael, you have no dead thines in the tank out of which our drinking-water comes!" cried Victor, with a touch of dismay in hiB voice. , , "Indade, bot, and there is, an mahny 8 the time I've had to hould me nose while Im taking a draught of wather. It isn't so ba4 as that this safeon yet. and the Government they do be putfcin' off cleaning the tabnk. Weil have a spreadin' illness, the typhy {aver or some such, and then we'll ^be forced to keep a docthor to our own cheek." " 33y the way, Miohael, what sort of a doctor is the man you subscribe so much a month f°"'Well, Bor, he's a bip fat mahn, wid half the alphabet at hiB heels, living on the other side of Hooper's Luck. Iviry month there s a shilling stopped out of our wages, as you know, to give to him, for living bey and the reach of ahny rale disthress, I may say. We did just as well when he wasn't there, and we died quietlv, widout the help of medicine, if the hour had come. Mahny a time I do be wondering, sor, how mankind wiU come and shtay in a place like this, and from all parts ot the worrld. There's Runaway Hans-a man that used to go on whan voyage from Chmy to the Pyreamaids, where I am tould the corps of holy cats-the blisBid sainte forgive them 5 and of moighty monarohs is kept as on the day they died, maybe shortly after the flood ; and yet that mahn left his kit and his Sunday breeches and three months' wage, to run away to the Colmar." , , ,r. t . "Kunaway Hans 1" repeated Victor, who was smiling broadly, and by this time decided that Michael was one to be cultivated; ah l that's the yellow-haired young man with a strong German aooent?" , . "Yes, the same; he do thry to spake .ewUpI. a little, but what he mostly talks is, aB you say, sor, the German ahocent. Well, and he left all that behind him, and ran away for what? To esoape dirt underground till his guernsey pours over wid sweat liked a rag Boaked in the washtub, and live undher a sthrip o' calico wid an oneasy perished branob o* sandal-tree to keep the hate out-which it don't." , _ Victor laughed; and at that moment Tre vaskis looked in at the open door. HiB faoe darkened as he took in the frank, friendly relations which the young man had so quioldy established between himself and Michael-the the veriest drudge at the Mine. Trevaskis a own manner to all who were nnder him was marked by a certain peremptory roughness, which is, as a rule, the note of tne proletariat who has developed into the master. In bis moBt genial moments be would never dream of entering into any talk with one like Michael beyond giving him orders, and perhaps occa sionally blaspheming his eyes for not being more prompt. t ,, " That's bis lay-to worm himself into tbe confidence of every one, and that old fox Drummond asked me to let him have an insight into the working of the Mine. But 111 put a spoke in his wheel there I' thought Tre vaskis, as he strode away after giving his orders. . . - u a. " Barzilla Jenkins is going off by the after noon mail. I want you to make out his cheque, Fitz-Gibbon." . When Victor went into the omee be found Jenkins, a big, brawny Oornishman, standing at the door as ne bad come up out of tbe Mine face and bands black, his, moleskin trousers stiff with clay and earth stains. "You are at the rook drills, I think?" said Victor, turning up the timebook. The man gave a muffled sort of assent The men were paid each Saturday; this was Friday, but Jenkins was entered only for two shifts. , . , "Why, you are only down for two shuts, besides to-day's, since last pay-day, Jenkins J" said Victor, aB be be^an to write out the cheque; three days at nine shillings a day. As he looked up, to hand this to Jenkins, he was struok with the look of profound gloom in his face. There were suBpioiouB light smears on his cheeks too. . , __ " It's just the inikity o' the oula Aaam isself," he burst out passionately. .lImiBsed two days' work, bein* on the drink, and now I've not enough to take me hum; and when I coom up this afternoon, I found tbiB 'ere." As he spoke, he handed Victor a telegram, which ran, " Your wife is much worse. Come *t"It'ad a letter last week, as she was onwell," be went on, "and I kuowed some ow last night she were weered. I oft a' gone before. I might be sartin dootor's troode would do er n°BythiB time Victor had produced his private chequebook, and was rapidly writing out a cheque for five pounds." "Take this, 'Zilla," he said, putting it folded into his hand. " You can pay me back when it is convenient," he added, anxious to cut short the man's broken expressions of grati ^Itwas the personal relations into which he came with the miners that gave the strongest element of interest to the purser's work. Victor had strongly the sympathetic fibre, which is rarely absent from the Irish tempera ment when it has fair play. He had also that quick senBe of humour which, under all circum stances, gives an enlivening strain to the seno comedy of life. And at the Colmar, as in all other parts of Australian bush, there was a great deal of human rature about. It is true that most of it was quite in the rough; that there was little of those finely-spun hypocrisies, those keen bat veiled rivalries, those subtle and contradictory nuances of character, which' are developed among Buperior people, under the high pressure of civilization. Thorn politely ironical ltale stories that invigorate" the languors of conversation, at the expense ot mutual friends, were unknown as the faculties sharpened only to invent means of killing-, time. But though there were no polished raconteurt ripely skilled in relating events which never happened, in a sparkling way, there was no lack of men who enjoyed hearing, and telling such stories as came in their way' in a somewhat Rabelaisian fashion. At the Colmar, as in politer walks of life,-, those social instinots were most highly, de veloped were not as a rule, among the more admirable characters. They belonged rather to the habitual procession of the streets, with' the chronic idlers left out, greedy for enjoy ment in some form, and reokless as to the future. Tbey alternated hard work with "betting drinkB to the crowd," and going twenty-four hours without sleep. They pre ferred to give a fillip to one day at the expense of another, rather than have all days alike monotonous. Speed with an equivocal result fascinated them more than tbe undeviating pace of safety. Some of the older miners were Cornish Wesleyans, who combined to hold "services" on Sunday, to get up teetotal entertainments, and generally influence the laxer brethren to adopt a more decorous mode of life. But early in his experience as a purser, it occurred to Viotor that the miners would be a much duller lot than they were if the more serious among them had it all their own way. It iB indeed a melancholy reflection that the good qualities of some people are sesthetioally oftentimes more unsatisfactory, at least to the mere looker-on, than the less virtuous qualities of others. 'Zilla JenkinB was one who hoveted between the two camps-severely virtuous in his con duct, and rigid in his condemnation of all carnal indulgence. _ During such periods he was a total abstainer, and had even been known to give rouaing addresses on the evils of intemperance. But these were adventures in the higher ethics, whioh time after time ended in disaster. "Brother 'Zilla hev backslid again," was the testimony that had to be given regarding him at the chapel and blue ribbon meetings. Two of these more serious miners interviewed Victor on Saturday after Jenkins had left by the mailcoach. "About 'Zilla, sir; we does wish as you 'adn't a-beed BO kind to 'e," the elder said in mi expostulatory tone. "You see it's like this, sir,''struok in the other man, before Victor, who was amused and a little taken aback, oould make any response. " Jenkins hev gone back agin an* agin to rowl like the Bwine in the scripther in the slime o' evil-doin'. 'Zill getB sorry, but the repentanoe don't stick to 'e. Now, we waB a-watohin' for this 'ere oppertconity. 'Zilla's been bad on the bust News comes as 'is missus is hill, she's gen'ally hill-that's 'ow she can't leave 'er mother to oleave onto 'er man, whioh is the rule o' Gord and o' nature, but she's got weerd and weerd, and 'Zilla he wants awful to get away; but he spent 'is money at the publio 'ouse, an' so did those as 'e goes wi' there. Why, Bir, they're on the tick and on the borrowr from one month's end to the other. We was waitin' to the larst moment, an' then to oome forrard and say, " Ere, Zilla Jenkins, your missus is maybe i the last gapse. Tis a ghasly thing for a man to swaller 'is money an' make a beast o' 'isself onto the bargain, and then not 'ave enough to take 'im to hia wife's berrin' maybe" " You were going to say all that to the poor fellow, when he was in such a fix !"said Viotor, keeping a Berious face with some difficulty. "Ay, sir, but 'ow much better to slang 'e now than let 'e go straight to Berlzebnb. We was goin' to lend 'im the money at 's awn count on a Hi Ho U, an' that 'ud 'ave 'elped o bring 'e back to the paths o' righteousness, o to speak, for 'e'd a-been ashamed to spend 'is ubstance at th' Colmar Harms till 'e 'a a-paid i s back, an' by that time we'd 'ave 'ad a sartin t rip o' e'" A teamBter came into into the offioe just then,to tell Victor that four teams were waiting at the weighbridge to have their loads checked, to that he had to leave before Rehoboam Hos ting had quite finished. Rehoboam, orRoby, as he was usually oalled, was one of the three Bhif t bosses of the Mine, and the one who most frequently conducted services in the little iron schoolroom which stood midway between the Colmar Arms and the post and telegraph offioe. He had what some nf tbe miners called " a great gift for spouting," and was fervid in organizing meet ings of all sorts, in which he took a leading part. On Sundays he often preached morning and evening. His sermons and exhortations were of a very rousing, not to say overbold, description. Thus, on one accasion when he was carried away by hie zeal for conversions, he cried out in stentorian tones, " Descend upon UB, O Holy Ghost, descend; if there's any damage done to the roof, there's not a shoveller on the Colmar that won't give a bob for repairs." " One or two Episcopalians who were present afterwards accused Roby of blasphemy. He denied the charge with great vigour, and affirmed that they and the Church they belonged to were "lukewarm Ladoshians, that the Amen of the beginning of creation had long ago spued out of His mouth." This was a flight in metaphor whioh reduced one of Roby's opponents to silence, while it oonfirmed the other in his worst opinions of the Bhift boss divinity, and even of bis moral sincerity. Henceforth the Episcopalian believed all that was said against Rioby, for there were unfortu nately stones abroad about him that somewhat told against his inflnenoe as a social reformer. In preaching he was fond of describing himself as a brand snatched from the burning, and with that oomplete deliveranoe from reserve and modesty whioh so curiously marks the members cf some religious sects, he wonld give granhio details of the ways in whioh aforetime he had distinguished himself in evil doings. At teetotal meetings, also he would relate with gusto how at one period of his history he had been suoh a slave to drink that his first wife bad died from the effects of destitution and misery. "But at the same time 'e doesn't tell 'ow when he was a local preacher and class-leader at the Burrar, 'e prilled samples o' copper ore, and 'elped to start a little bogus Company," an old acquaintance of Roby's would say, and another would recall an equally discreditable story. Were they all true? Whether or no, the man was a very "stirring" pulpiteer and blue-ribbonner. No newoomer was long at the Colmar without being importuned by Roby to give some assistance at the Saturday night temperance meetings, whioh were chiefly under his direction. " The Lord did not make everybody smart," he would explain with great nnction, " but I blaiv iveryone as tries can do snmmat for a blue rnitting-sing a song or give a bit o! recitation, or music on any sort o' machine 'a plays." glad I gave him what was And thus Viotor found himself pledged to. lioby to play a violin solo on the evening of each Saturday from the -first week ho came to the Mine. Now it was 4 o'clock in the after moon. The last of the men had been paid, and Victor had the office to himself, lie took his violin, tuned it, and began to play over the " Last Rose of Summer" with variations. He ?had no! played more than a minute or two, however, before he put the violin down with a little exclamation. The last time he had played this melody was at a concert on board the Mogul, accompanying Helen on the piano. ' The first few bars recalled the place and scene .with the vividness which belongs to the asso -oiations of music, and with these Victor recalled that he had not finished reading her letter which had come by that morning's mail, -posted the day after she and her father had reaohed Colombo. He had been interrupted in reading it; then he had gone to dinner; .then he had paid the men; then he had gone to the weighbridge; and then he had forgotten it. He admitted this to himself with a pang -of self- reproach. It was not new to him, this discovery that bis thoughts and actions often fell below hiB own ideals of what a lover should be. And it was such a bright, amusing letter, the people on board so capitally hit off, and 'the landing in Colombo; the drive among th .swarming native quarters, wh°re you see th craftsmen in their tiny shops without door o window, the coarse screens of split bamboos rolled up; here a blacksmith sitting croBS legged beside his anvil, there an enamel worker, then a brazier's shop full of glowing -copper vessels, the richer shops with tinBel -oovered skull-capB, with soft white silks and muslins, petticoats and trousers for women with spangles and gold and embroidery; the soft-faced bronze babies, arrayed in tiny loin cloths, and heavy bangles, toddling after the Sahibs, to sell them a big scarlet flower ; the 'traders, with a Bingle basket of mangoes and a email branoh of bananas, under a cocoanut palm by the roadside ; the Hindus with their castemark on forehead and chest sitting side ways on bullocks; the big funny vehioleB with a pagoda roof ; the little bamboo carts drawn .by tiny humped oxen that run as fast as ponies; the yellow - robed Mollahs under yellow umbrellas; the people who run after belated travellers with palm fans_ and soreens of coarse bamboos, and great pineapples for threepence, and iced sodawater under the scorching sun. All was just as it had been on that day when they went through the place together. " But what I like best to see are the natives of high caste in voluminous folds of pure white and majestic turbans," wrote Miss Paget; "their unmoved calm, their statuesque atti tudes, their imperturable mouths, make one feel that, as compared with Orientals, Euro peans have, on the whole, degenerated into comit toyageurs." " What would Helen think of our miners?" thought Victor with a smile. Then he turned to the letter again, and looked over it from beginning to end, while some feeling he could not have defined of lone liness fell over him. Was it because existence at the Colmar, like a Chinese picture without shading or perspective, had begun to pall on him, or was it that the discipline under which Minn Paget purposely kept her feelings left a void that, with the roofless sort of sensation which had begun to creep over him, struck him with a feeling akin to physical chill 1 Only just on the last half-sheet, after the close of the long letter, in a sort of unofficial postscript, .came a few tender words. 411 think I have told you almost everything, except that I often felt sad at the thought of sailing, sailing, Bailing farther away from you -every day. I am at this moment in a charming room at the Mount Lavinia Hotel, where father's friend is established. They are both on a balcony somewhere, talking about classio -odes. When I look out on the window, I see that lovely stretch of bright yellow sand, and the sea of an unfathomable blueness dying away on the beach. When I look through the doorway, with its khuB-khus screen half drawn up, there is a vista of polished floor and white ' robed natives with bare feet gliding noiselessly about. Still I am rather sad, because you are not here. Bites moi quclquc chosc de tendre qui ?me fasse oublier ces tristes pcnscis." " Dear Helen! I must write her quite an epistle to-morrow," said Victor to himself, .after reading these lines many times over. Then ho went outside and stood looking westward across the Mine, with its groups cf low iron buildings, the long engine-room in the centre, with ite reverberating throb _ of machinery, the heavy folds of smoke rising above it, and hanging low over the adjaoent groups of the miners' hutB and tents, and beyond the little township, with its small iron buildings equally bare, without the sign of a tree, or even a fence, to break the dull dead level. Tor the first time the austere, inex pressible aridity of the country seemed to weigh on him. It was now many months -since a shower of rain had fallen in the distriot. The grey-green saltbush was frayed and thickly coated with dust, the bare earth showing between the low buBhes in baked gaps. Was there any other spot of the earth more desolate than this ?-flat,_ parched, and grey, without shade or water, lying in measure less vistas, with an atmosphere sc pure_ and clear, and a sky bo cloudless and widely vaulted, that frequently the mirage we call the horizon was entirely absent. For how many hundreds of years had the sun beaten remorse lessly upon the thirsty waste? As he looked at it, an immense longing came over Victor to Bee once more the deep, dull green of hills -densely covered with stringybark, or to see autumn leaves whirling yellow and red before a high wind, under a threatening sky. "'Well, Mr. Fitz-Gibbon, are you admiring the western view?" said some one close behind 'him ? "Yea, admiring it all so intensely that it baa .given me a fit of the blue devils," said Victor, as 'he shook hands with Challoner, whom he had not seen for some days. "You've been working too hard since you came here. My wife said only last night you've never been at Stonehouse in the day time, though you have been sleeping there for over three weeks. You come away at day light." "Not before 6, my dear sir. Don't make me out stupider than I am. I ride for an hour or so, then breakfast at the Colmar Arms at half-past 7, and at half- past 8 I am in the office. Up to this, it has taken me eight or nine hours to do what Searle used to get through in five." "Well, you know, Rome was not built in a day. I came across to steal a little keg of blasting-bowder, but as you are about I suppose I'd better borrow it; and then juBt lock your Office and oome back with me to Stonehouse." "Thank you; 111 oome with pleasure," re turned Viotor; and after he had got the keg of powder for Challoner, the two went aoross the reef to Stonehouse. 