CHRISTIAN CONVENTION. The earnest fervor aroused*}!; the meetings on the first day of the convcntiui was again very pronounced yesterday. V.l the early morning prayer meeting, which was under the presidency of the Rev. C. Ive.t, numerous requests for special prayer wee received. Pastor Soltau presided at the neeting at 10.30, and spoke on the infilling.f the Holy Spirit. The Rev. Ellis, who ailrcssed the assemblage, based his remarks or the words "How may wc be filled witlthe Holy Spirit." He wished particularly ft. direct the attention of his hearers to three tiugs. The first was that there must be an ftptyinfr of all vrorldly desires before *ie Holy Sprit could enter. In the se&d; place, the}' must believe before "jj>d was able to give them the blessing, ail third, thoy must be willing to receive Otjt'ri gift. Xn the afternoon the Rev. D. OOoimell presided, and instead of delivering an ddress, informed his hearers that he wished.t direct their attention to several passages of scrip ture bearing on the subject of the inuring out of the Holy Spirit upon all flesli The Rev Isaacs delivered an earnest and" lining discourse on the blessing that God was^ting to bestow on all who are ready to retive it. After alluding to numerous texts he( ointed out that it was always the inc. who were full of the Holy Ghost who were used by God for Ilia divine service. The speaker said that God us the rew arder of them that seek Him. £< f they were filled with the Spirit there woulibe no room for " the world, the ' flesh lid the devil," for they could not live in akimos phere rarified by the presence of the Holy Ghost. Then as to tho motives that pnnpted them to seek God's gift. It was use':,s for them to expect to be filled with the Holy Spirit in order that they might use ttiagift; they should be filled so as to be usedjb God. In order to get the infilling of the Spirit theremust bo consecration of God. JPrhaps some of them had let God in at the front door of their hearts, but He stood-3 the hall- They must open all the doo; and give Him free entrance if they desired 1 feel the full blessing. The Rev. A. Web;took as the basis of his remarks Ezekfii 3Gth chapter, 22nd and following verses. H'siiid that four or five years ago there bejm a deep yearning in the church forayier knowledge of God. As did the Israelite of old. so Christians , iu modern days sadly mis represented God and caused His enemin to blaspheme His name. Behind the couter and in the market Christians should shov^e power of God in their lives. In the p.tsit ministers should speak the truth plainly fearlessly: cousistcucj- in words and dtrls would compelreverencefortheBible. Call-^ hearts were changed by the love of jj.Gd taking possession of them, and withijt this there was no impulsion tovra^s good deeds. " God giveth to all freely, "l.t still-He had more to give. After remarks by the president the afternoon sessiti was closed aud a band of the conventions, marched down Gheriughap-street and co:. ducted a meeting ou the beaeli. The Key!. "Watsford presided at die evenings session,far; the enthusiasm was so great that at oue tint the congregation rose simultaneously 'ait joined iu singing praises to (Joe. Before the time appointed for open, ing the service, the number wlx sought to obtain admission to the Meohamc .was bo large that it was found necessary hold an overflow meeting in the Presbytcriat Church adjoining. The Rev. Blac.kett urgei his hearers to live so that whatsoever th'ej did should be for the. honor of God. Tht salvation of God was a complete one, foi Jesus was able to save to the uttermost .all who came to" God through Him. Aad this- salvation was not a thing for which they needed to wait; Ho wife able to 6ave them at onco if they sought Him. The only opposition to that being saved was the want of their own con sent. The speaker believed that the reason there were so many backsliders was because people were merely justified and were thai so jclad in the love of Jesus that tliey were never sanctified. If any were willing to receive holiness by faitli they could have it at once. In conclusion he u»-ged his hearers' to take Jesus at his word and claim the blessing. The Rev. Hariis said he wisli^dj to speak on oue word, and that was tlie word] "Jesus." His remarks were addressed partEj eularly to those who were seeking for K blessing. He thought that if the hearts of his hearers were slates and he could read what was ou them he would fiud they contained a1 great many, sentences beginning with " l.'ij AVell, they would have to drop the .' I " iT ihey wanted to get the blessing. lift the 7th chapter of Roman the words "I" occurred 48 times," and at thai end of the chapter they found tlidi words " Oh, wretched man that I am, wlicjj shall deliver me from this bondage." Ons the day of Pentecost it was said that the? disciples were full of new wine, but Peter! explained their conduct simply by the word| Jesus. If they looked to Jesus they would! not only see Him in Heavenj but they would! see Him coming near, and they would tx?: enabled to feel His presence with them. The Rev.- "Watsford concluded the session by directing the attention of the audience to one or two passages showing the blessing to be received by those who believed. The singing and prayers exhibited great fervor. Tho meetings will be continued to-day, when the convention proper,; will be conoluded7 and to-morrow will be u missionary day. 