THB DOCTORS SHOOK THEIR HEADS. ' I would give a million dollars for a stomach,' said a wealthy American recently. Now, a million dollars (£200,000) is a deal of money, but he was not able to buy tho artice even at that price. Mr. Thomas Gaskin, of No. 3, Poplar Row, D -rloy Abbey, near Derby, is not so rich as many, being a gardener, but he was ready enough to give all he had for one thing he hadn't got. Here is his story, and he shall tell it. in his own way. Mr. Gaakin goos on to say : ' Up to eight years ago I had never lost an hour's work tlirough, sickness. In December, 1882, whilst living1 at Boeston. near Nottingham, my appetite fell away, I had dreadful pain after eating, a bad taste in my mouth, which would fill with water and slime, the latter so thick and sticky that I o: 'en had to remove it with my fingers. My chest used to 'fill up', and my tin oat would swell so I couldn't button my shirt at the neok. I vomited a great deal, chit-fly a yollowish-groon phlegm. I had a racking cough, and would cough and strain till I bled ut the nose, and the blood rushed out of my ears. I beoauio exhausted and short of breath and had to call the doctor, and was in bod five or six weeks. ' I then went ns out- patient to tho Not tingham Hospital, and after attending there for six months was vory littlu better. I got so thin that I was lileo a ghost walking abont, and his friends said it was all up with mo. For eighteen months I kept getting better, thon worse, and at last the doctors rccom. mended mo to try a change ol air. So I came to Darloy Abbey, and my formor master gave me an indoor recommendation to tho Derby shire Infirmary, Derby. I found, howover, that all tho boils in the hospital were full, and 1 saw my club doctor and also two doctors at Derby. Tho first ono said, ' You' are in a galloping consumption, and must die' ; the other doctors, niter sounding my lungs and chest, said nothing but shook their heads. ' Getting a triflo better my old mt .tor allowed me to do what little I could in his gardens and grounds ; and sumo days I worked a little, and then would be awaj for a few days. Things went on liko this until December, 1888, when I caught cold, got very short of breath, and broke down com pletely. I -was always coughing and spitting up phlegm, sometimes as much as a teaoup ful at once, and teas afraid to go to sleep for fear tlie^ phlegm would choke me. At this time the whites of my eyes turned yollow, and my eyes wcro bloodshot. My lips and mouth were dry and parched and I often broke out into a cold clammy sweat. My tongue was liko a piece of brown leather, and I cuuld kcop nothing down. I lost over a stone weight iu three weeks. ' I managed to get up for a,few hours at a timo, but was so weak I had to tako hold of the furniture to move a few yards. I was always tired and weary, and sitting or lying, was never at oaso and got no real rest. Too weak to read I of ton sat for hours looking at my hands — '?.otlung but skin and bone, and was bo norvous 1 couldn't boar tho least noise, and tho children at play quite upset me. ' Tho doctor kept on attending mo, but ho said, ' lean do i/otc nogaod; lean only patch yon up, le.causr. your lungs are diseased. 1 then gave over taking his medicine and tried everything I could hear of, . Ono thing was a cough euro from London that onst 22s a brttle. But nothing did any good, and my friends who came to boo me said, ' Wall, you won't cough much longer, you have merely to prepare for another world.' ' About tho middle of March, 1889, a neighbor named Joseph Tntliam, who works in tho paper mills at Darloy Abbey, said to mo, 'Ibm, did you ever try Mother ScigeVs Syrup V and told mo how he had boon cured after boing in the hospital. He Hpoko so much in favor of this medicine J sent my wife to Derby and got a bottle ut Mr. Smith's Storos in Victoria Street. After tho first doso I had an evacua tion black as ink, and vouiitod. Thon I fell asleep and felt rested when I awoke. After taking the medicine for three days my breathing got easier, 'my food kept down, and in a few days days more I was anle to go out for a short walk. By the end of a fortnight I went to see my master, who. asked what had wrought the improvement, and I told him, as I tell everyone, that Mother Sei^el's Syrup bad snveii my life. I commenced work at once, and have never lost a day's work since. ' Of course ray strength did not return all at once, but after taking Seigcl's Byruji for six montlis I was strong as ever in my lifo and have continued so ever since.'1 Fu giving his consent, to the publication of this reiuarkuble statement, ilr. Gaskin requests us to refer all doubters to him or to Mr. Keetely, Head Gardener, Darley Abbey, who is acquainted with all tho facts allfifrod. Mr. Giifkin has lived at Dnrlny Abbey 22 years and bearc an excellent reputation. Now, what was the complaint from which he suffered 7 Not galloping consumption, certainly {as one of the doctors thouqhf), or he would have galloped into Ms grave in less than three months, instead of arrowing worse for seven years. His complaint was chronic inflammatory dyspepsia (or chronic gastric catarrh), which has lung symptoms liko con sumption, for which it is so often iguorantly mistaken and wrongly treated. When tho right remedy, Mothtr Seigel's Syrup, was used the diseases yielded, as all diseases of the digestive tract do yield to that magnifi cent preparation. Wo heartily congratulato Mr. GasKin on his recovery, and recommend the facts of the case to all thinking pooplo. 