AMERICA. BLESSING A SHIP. IMPBESSlVE CEREMONY AT BATH, -KB. • On the morning of. Thursday, 1st October, at the shipyard of the ; Hoh.' William Rogers, Bath, Me., the launching and blessing of the Three Marys -took place. Mr. Rogers himself launched the ship, which is owned by Mr. J. B. Manning, ^a^^J^li^sfed if^il&Mt;&d; ^ry^Fr* 1 •Mf 1 G;-"H?DoAbugh; of -PortlaaiJ Wallace, of Lewiston ; J. P. Gorman, of Brunswick, and M. J. Healy. ship'at the erne- •mony were ithe dwner, Mri Manning, and his daughter; Oapitain Birdsall (master and part owner)] Mr.LawreDCB I. Callanan, of 41 Vesey-street.New York; The name of thethipis Mr. Manning's triune tribute of loveto his mother, wife, and daughter, each of whotn bears: the name so sacred in tbe Church, ; and so happily identified with woman. The ship may, indeed, without irreverence, be called a sacred ship, for she .is consecrated. We quote from an interesting sketch t>f the ceremony by Charles S. Hill i— Devoted to the industrial and national economic cause of shipbuilding, and having written so much in behalf thereof, it was nevertheless my first experience aboard a launch, and the exceptional and impressive dedication 'was altogether so exceedingly interestng that I desire to preserve the fervent nvocation verbatim, as it'seems to me so much more appropriate to christen a noble ship with Divine blessing than by the meaningless farce of breaking a bottle of wine over her deck. Therefore, upon my solicitation to the genial and courteous Bishop, he reuested Fr. M'Donougb THE BLESSIITO. totranslate {' The Lord be with you and with Thy Spirit. Let us pray. Lend ear, O Lord, to- our supplications and with Thy holy right hand bless this ship and all whom she may carry as Thou didst deign to bless the Ark of Noah when cast in the flood. Support her, O Lord, with Thy right-hand as Thou didst support the blessed Peter on the water, and send Thy Holy Angel from Heaven to deliver and guard her from every dinger, together with all she carries; and having overcome all dangers of the sea, mayst Thfu direct Thy servants, her sailors, intc safe harbonr, and guide her in a safe course, and when her voyage is ended and her duties discharged, mayst Thou deign to bring her to home port in safety and prosperity. " Thou who livest and reignest with the Father in unity; with the Holy Ghost, forever and ever. Amen." This is. the only occasion of a Divine blessing tb a ship by the Catholic Church except, Bishop Healy informed me, in 1821, by Bishop Cheverus, but I was not able to learn the name of the ship. The only instance similar of religious dedication of a ship in Bath was about ten years ago, when the missionary ahip, i The Morning Star, was blessed by 1 services and prayer of the Congrega- j tional denomination. It will be remem-! bered that Christopher Columbtis had | each of his three caravals rehfciously , blessed as he was about to sail from Spain in August, 1492, in search of a Western land. May success likewise attend Three Marys, and the sensible and impressive system hereafter be substituted for tbe irrational and, to use a hyperbole; intemperate style, of winebottle breaking. With this Divine committal Three Marys prepared to bid adieu to the industrial friends that had for months lent their best efforts in prid6 to develop perfection in a Bath ship. The ship was ready and, the blocks cut free. No wonoler the giftpd Longfellow wrote so glowingly cf. the launch, for doubtless iallJaboard at least chimed in thought his poetic words— - ..,•„.. "She starts, Bhe moves, she seemsto feel ^The thrill of life, along heir keel; And spurning with her'f bot the ground, With oiie, 'exultant j oyou s bound She leaps into/tbe obean's arina." As she mored, Fr. Wallace,* of Lewiston, baptised her .with holy water on her bow. The Three Marys now lies in her element, and binder the oare of her exerieneed ; master, Captain Clarence irdsall, of New Jersey, young abd skilful, a fine spiecimeQ of ^a new generation of the modern American sailor so much needed by our country. Woul^. we had many more like him. t Itism i^ig»rt'eighty.TU?th ship, may than, his past. The Three Marys fonr-maSted schpon^Jbiult^or th^b'daating trade", of 1260 tdfaiiSaJfsf'vrith'cai^ing capa city for 2000 ^f>ca^;o,.costiBg„ about^O.OObd^li, Mi jMjpnni^&fwmed; me, or about 40dols. per ton. Seal this with the purchase of a rated free ship, if you «ah,-eVeri in Hay : n(Ahliig;of j trength,^nrabUity,:blE)aal7< convenience, employment ofhome labour, and recirculation of the 60,0()baols:'a^liomfe ^ thefarm^rs as welLas the s^opk^jBlrs." The' purchase" of :6r t foreigti impb J ^akes^a^iUl out ( of t£e~cojtotif- ' • out of tie 'poor man's .tirieJL./ 