NOTES ON NEWS Tho cohlegrnms this morning nnnounco tliooxoiling intolligooco thnt tlio Empnror William ot Gorraftny,"who Ja taking a yaohting trip in tbo Noriborn seas,, has killod a wbalo ;, apparently with his own. imperial hands ! Unboliuving pooplo, wo saspooi, on shading this intclligonco, will bo very apt toquoto Bbakospoaro, and pronounco tbo nows to bo M Yorytilto a wbalo !" ' Wbolo-killhiB' is by no moans a sport for, amatours ; and a- harpoon drivun by no mattor-bow - iUastrious a band, if that hand bo bait paralysed and wholly unsklUod, ' will bo . moro apt to tioklo a wbalo than to kill' H. Porhaps this particular wliolo,-' kowovor, was ' posaossod by proporly loyal aontimonU, and as soon as it was inado to understand that His Imperial nigbnosa wanted to, enjoy the glopy o( .tfklng Jts.Hfo, it, .with, duo politeness, gave ap the ghost Or was it lbo effect of otio of tho Kmpcror's ser mons, overboard by this too sensitive wbalo on a Sunday, which produced fatal effects 1 Tbo Hatvern Sbiro Council bus very proporly taken encrgotlo objections to tho differential, And most unjust, railwoy charges imposed by tbo now Railway Commissioners. TJudor Mr Kncigbt, nil tbo suburbs wero treated equally in tbo matter of faros, and (bis is obviously tbo only cquitnblo and possible principle upon which Stato railways can bo run. Tbo property and trade of un cntiro suburb may bo practically dostroyed if the Commissioners begin to charge differ ential rates, nnd raako tbo fArcs to ono suburb, 6ay, twico us high as tbo fares to another suburb ut exactly tbo same distance from tlio city. "When tbo Commissioners raised tho suburban fares equally, tbo burden, though great, was at least justly distributed ; but since then tho fares on certain linos buvo been suddenly and enormously reduced. This In tbo districts whero high rates prevail, property-holders not only kavo their ex penditure greatly increased by tbo higher rates, but tbo value of their property is seriously reduced by tlio lower rates granted to other districts. It is simply monstrous that tlio KuSlwny Commis sioners should uso public railways in this fashion so as to threaten tho interests of property- holders in wbolo suburbs. Already it is clear from tbo cablegrams that .tho difficulties of Mr Gladstone's position, aro making themselves felt. Tlio "Independent," tho chief organ of tho Parncllito party, doinands that Mr Gladstone, when ho assumes office, shall " tako stops to secure tho reinstatement of tenants who woro evicted from their holdings; and, further, thalall persons suffering imprison ment for political offences committod in Irolandshall bo granted tin umnosty." Mr Gladstono is further reminded that "if 20 members of tho Irish party determine to withhold from hiiu their support, tho Government ho is about to form can bo at any timo overthrown." This is perfectly true. Mr Gladstone will hold Ins official cxistorico, wkou ho gets it, at tho mercy of tho Irish parly. And tlio Irish party Itself will in somo rospects bo controlled by its exlrciuost section, tho l'utiicllitos proper. Tho tail that is will, for once, wag ' tho dog! MrTiuiHonly cannot afford to bo out- dono in zeal for Irish tenants or for Irish criminals by Mr Itcdiuond. Yet the demand for tho forciblo reinstatement of till tenants who woro evicted by a logal process for tho non-payment of rents is an imponsiblo one. It is cor- tainly ono which will profoundly shock ordinary English sentiment. Mr Glad stone, that is, can only gratify his Irish followers at tho cost of shattering his English following. It is pleasant (o knowlhnt MrGoschen has yielded to tho blandishments of Mr «« Hi ! BllUJUtl. Ul IUU illVUHUIIUlIb bf EugliaU trust funds in colouiul securi ties. Ho has promised, it seems, to afford Mr Idbbs " every assistance in bringing tho question to u nupcessful re sult." If this bu true, it iflgoodnow3iu- deedfornlltho colonics. Thovoryckenpost sort of money in England consists of trust funds. In volume it is to he measured by millions; 111 rato of inlorost it sinks ns low us 1£ per cent. 5 in period of investment it is tho most stable of all forms of capital. Hitherto this particular class of investments has been forbidden to tho colonics, us tho funds in which trustees could invest wero tixed by Statuto. If tlio law is changed and colonial stock comes within tho permitted area, it will practically bn tho tapping of a now sourco of wealth to us, aud both Mr Gosehcti and Mr Dibbs will doscrvo wall of tho colonics. 