UNSPOtTEb FROM THE WORLD. PAET III. CHAPTER V. TCiNTKR'baa passed. Spring has come back. ' The rain ia. over and gone ; the'flowcrs appear again on 'the earth, and the time of the singing of birds is come.' ? It js ]but early. Spring.y.et, The leaflets on the hedges and trees are tiny and young, and. the primroses, youngest of Spring's children, are still studding tho woods ? where a year ago Psyche 'wan- dered with -her lover ; but iu the air there is a sweet and dainty fragrance, of flower-sweet meadows, a promise of better things that stirs the girl's heart with some new hope, and seems to awaken in it so aie fresh upspringing of life as she wanders to and fro in the neglected garden. It has been a long and a hard winter. Through.- all the days of her life Psyche will not be able to look back upon it without a shudder of horror and pity for herself and for Dolly. For though they have, by some arrangement of Sir John's — into which they have not been permitted to enquire too closely — been able to remain in their old home, yet loneliness and poverty, sorrow and sadness, have been their companions through all these weary months. But when one is only twenty — when one is strong and healthy — it is difficult to accept unhappiness as one's portion for life. To be happy seems to be the prerogative of youth. As naturally ns the trees have burst into leaf, the flowers into blossom, in the girl's heart has re-awakened the desire for life, for love, for happiness. And though it has not been Sir John's fault' that the weary time of sadness and ?waiting has not been long ago cut short, though it has. sadly tried his patience and forbearance,. and has been only the result of her ; own instinctive shrinking from putting the final seal to her own fate, yet — if he could so understand it — these long unlovely months have been the best of all preparations for her mar riage. They, have in some way oblite rated the past. The hope of a future has .grown out of them. Change — change of c'any 'sort, whether for' better, ?for 'worse; is the moat active desire of her. tnibdiand. her . heart at the present moment. ' 'Tlie new strong life circling in her vein's at' the wturn of spring' demands something beyond the monotony of these past days. Fears are forgotten. Hope springs anew. Sjie is willing to dare all, to defy all, only to break the weary . changelesgness of the dull level of her existence. 1 ? And-m' a week- she is to be married. The time so long deferred has been fixed at, last,, with her consent. .Seven days! She counts them out, feverishly, restlessly, not as one who, loving much, forsees in her marriage the completion ot her happiness, but rather as, a .prisoner who; has. suffered long days of weariness and misery may look for ward to the time of release. She wandeifs to and fro in the straight, untrimmed paths of the de serted garden. No hand has tended it, not a pepny. has been spent on it since Mr. Dairymplo's death. Pennies had been, scarce, and they have known that eveii those they have been compelled to spend might scarcely be called their own. But for all that, some hardy blossoms, that. not all the frosts of win ter nor all the' curse of neglect have been able to stamp to death, are rearing their heads and unfolding their pale leaves to the -first warm kiss of the strong sun. Psyche, bending over them with a sort of sympathy,' seeing in them some likeness to herself, drags away as well as she( can with her small bare hands the weeds that choke, them— gives them a chance of sunlight, of life. Farther on the old sun-dial lies prone on the ground, speaking more strongly of the passing of time than ever it did while it held its brazen head erect and with shining letters told out the passage of the hours. Passing it she makes her way to the old and ricketty lattice gate, where not quite a year ago she had stood and watched Dolly and Sir John. .Not' once since she has been . home has she crossed its threshold ; not once has she trodden the paths of the little wood .where she had so often held tryst with her, lover. Now for the first time she; pulls it open, and shudderingly and shrinkingly looks ahead of her. The path, is -. more moss-grown and tangled, than before. Neither friends, strangers, nor servants had' occasion to uho it for many months past. The birds, and the young rabbits and the myriads of little creeping things that live in a woodland, have had it all their own way, and have grown as fearless of human presence as ever they were in: the garden of Eden. She lets the gate swing to behind her, creaking and groaning as it goes, a'nd once more enters the path she knows so well. Even as those who, looking forward to a more goodly future, are impelled by some strong desire to revisit the grave where their past lies buried, so she once more,. and for the last time, feels drawn to: the spot where she used to meet her ' lover, and had been in the past spring time so blindly, childishly happy. It . is no foolish desire to re- awaken the past that draws her there; it is rather the necessity to luy a ghost which may haunt her future life, to look it bravely in the face, and, realizing its unreality, .put it behind her for ever. And yet every tree, etrery blossom aeenis so familiar to her, and each one .' wakens in her heart such a bitter pang . of regret,: that she finds it a harder, task than she had reckoned on. By the old style she leans once more, looking Ov'er the meadow where her lover used- to come with footsteps quick ening at sight of her. She sees once move the look m bis eyes, she feolsoucg more the touch of his hands, she hears evon tho tone of his voice ; and then she lays her soft warm face on tho rough old wood, and whispering 'Good-bye, good-bye,' turns away without a tear or a sigh, but with such a drawing of her heart-strings as seems to go near to breaking them. She has turned her back on the past — so uhe thinks. She lias done with it — done with over-sweet illusions, witli heart-breaking disillusions. The future lies all before her, pleasantly secure, with never a doubt about it. Love, riches — as much happiness as a woman can reasonably expect — they are all to bo hers in a week's timo. 'With a smile on her lips, with a brave erect bearing she walks onward, and if the smile ^is belied by the dimness of her eyes, if her footsteps totter here and there, not altogether secure of their ground, there are none to see it. The courage with which she means to pursue . her life's journey seems to find some outward and visible token in the resolute step with which she treads the (angled path, where but a year ago she had danced and sang for very gladness of heart. Perhaps her ears aro a little dull, as well as her eyes, for she does not hear the footsteps that are pursuing her, but goes quietly onwards, until a voice that seems to come to her from that dead past whose grave she has so lutely closed — a voice calling her name in tones never forgotten, long unheard, makes her stand suddenly still with a heart |that seems to stand still too. Then she turns, and with widp, be wildered eyes and whitened Hps Btands face to face with Cecil; Darrell. He is flushed and warm ; she ia cold and still, as one long dead. 'At last! at last!' he cries bieath less|y, incoherently. 'Did you. not hear me ? Did you not see me ? At last I have found you !' But she stands mute, incredulous. But a moment ago she had realized his presence so vividly. Now it seems so impossible. ' You !' she says at last, panting a little, and leaning for support against a tree that is hard by. 'Yes,. I!' he answers, with a happy laugh. ' Did you take me for a ghost ? -If you knew, if you only knew how long I have waited for you, what hours and days I have spent watching for you, wondering where you, had hidden your self. But I knew I must fi.nd.ypu at last, and,' stretching out his hands to her, ' I have found you.' In his tone — in his look — there is an immense and undisguised exaltation. But it finds no.answer in hers. In her. mind there is so keen and unobliterated :.a remembrance of their last parting, . that it seems impossible to her that he 'can have forgotten it. Over and .over again there rings through her .ears tlie echo of the last words she had spoken to him— '? I wish that I had never seen you ! I pray God that I may never see you again !' (To be continued.) 