AT THICHARITIES BALL; : ("billy xutts.) TIim is a ngl of pleasure. Care, I shake thee i>ni me. I have -ofte cogitated over, the curious circurusance that with the Anglo-Saxon rac, either at - home " or abroad, the two tjef modes of giving expression to theirfeelings of pleasure :ir<I banquets and balls. The Lord ilfaVOI" of London irui<»iiratps his term of office with a bancjeb supplemented hy a ball, thus combi ing the principal attractions for male aid female guests. Our shire presidents in-ite their fellow- councillors to a choice r-past, modestly designated as a I uncheonancl generally woo the smiles of the liirer portion of their electorate by the .11-prevading seductions of the terpsichorean ark So it has been from the earlesb ages of our history, and so it will probably continue while the British Empire endures, despite those puntanical critics who abhor a banquet as savor ing of gluttony, and denounce dancing as the J'ncil is descensus to the lower regions. Why this exhilirating exer cise should so stir the bile of precisuns has been to me a matter of surprise; The most barbarous nations give vent to their feelings through the active movements of the dance. The ancient fii«nn1.c lind f-.l Ptrml-IIA J. 1 i ucuiuw, wmun was of much the same martial charac ter as the Ghost dance of the Ameri can -Indians. The Dervishes of Asia, and the Shakers of America, far apart as ilioy arc geographically, have the same method of exhausting their re ligious exuberance of spirit. The same impulse to give vent to intense physical excitement hy muscular movements, more or less violent, prevails through out the world. The hilarious English man dances his hornpipe, the staid Scot revels in the reel, and the volatile Irishman " welts the dure," as he . capers in a jig. Who is there that has looked upon these feats of agility but lias felt a tingling in his feet, and an almost irresistible prompting to join in the saltatory revel, and can under stand Peg Wellington's call to the fiddler Triplet, " Give us the Wind that shakes the Barley, ye devil." Every nation h is its national dance from the Hula hula of Tahiti, to the Cachuca of .Spain, and the gutter children skip and capricole to the sound of the barrel- organ with as infinite zest as their aristocratic sisters swim and lan guish to the strainsof an artistic orches tra. In short, dancing seems to be simply a natural method of expressing cheerfulness, and so I have no doubt will retain its place as a means of amusement for the young of both sexes in spide of the animadversions of its critics. No one can deny that it is a healthy species of gymnastics, and as to the impropriety of promiscuous dancing, wo can only say that the most innocent amusement is harmful if car ried to excess. As it is we have to accept the fact that the young of both sexes look to a dance as one of their most pleasant modes of relaxation, and as such I always feel a pleasure in being a spectator of a scene in whose delight 1 110 longer actively participate, and so I can candidly declare that I passed an hour or two very pleasantly on the oc casion of the late ball in aid of the local charitable institutions. An oc casion like this is one in which every- one, no matter wnat creed or pcruasion, may write for hi faith and hope the world w 11 disagr e, %it all mankind's concern ii chaii'y. (liven a handsome hall, brilliant lights, good music and a choice of partners, what more could the most exacting of feminine hearts desire 1 And here they were united in a quintessence of com bination. The spacious public room of the Town Hall gleamed resplendent With Hags, banners and drapery, while the .allurements of art were rivalled by floral a?id arboreal decorations, the arrangement of which testified to the artistic skill of those who effected their arrangement. The introduction of these horticultural adjuncts to a ball room is of quite recent origin, and in this genial climate is a feature which I hope to see reproduced as often as practicable. The judicious blending of nature and art was in this case most successful, and as the music broke forth with a harmonious burst, and the promenading couples " fell in" with rythmic cadence, I felt a secret elation, and my internal spirit cut a caper," though my bodily integument remained quiescent. As I sit and view the l':ilpiflr»cr»nnin l nfr»rurf>jTi.Mno' of hrtcvllL \------ ® dresses and sombre clothing on the floor beneath me, my memory goes hack through the long vista of -vanished years to the time when my pulses would also bound joyously as I singled out my particular star in the galaxy of love'.' ness. I saw her at a coun r,' ball, There where the sou.'M of flute and fiddle Gave signal sweet in that old hall Of hands across and down the mid-lie. Ehcn fmjitces ! Every dog lias his day, and I have had mine, and must make room for other puppies. " So runs the world away." Yet I am nob one of those who contemn amuse ments in which I no longer care to participate, A a conl rtiire, I look on with an indulgent sniile and mentally exclaim, in the words of the old song, " Go it while you're young." Has not Shakspeare impressed upon us the fact that "Youth's a stuff will not en- lure and Moore has sung — Gather ye rosebuds while ye may Old I'iine is still 3 flying. So let not us who have " fallen into the sere and yellow leaf of time" envy our young people in their rational pleasures, but rather say with Eliza Cook, now an almost forgotten poetess — £ Let them exult I their laugh anil song A,c rarely known to last too long ; , Why should we stris-c with cynic frown, To knock their airy castles down. k But while looking upon a- scene of j g«ti ity such as this, I am often struck with the incongruity of the lugubrious | attire of the male sex, in marked . con- h. Wait to the light and varied toilettes j of the fairer section. Why it should be considered necessary for a masculine | being to encase his anatomy in " a suit % of inkv black," as Hamlet tersely ex- presses it, passes my comprehension, . &; especially when as sometimes happens t atom Christinas festivities,, the ther- j taonaete- gven. at night is climbing up p '"to the nineties. I confess I feel: a as dsiout aduiiriitAqq for Sir Arthur H Gordon, who wl,iei,i . .etyng as , Go- 1 Ve'uor of Fiji, set i-fee of g appearing at official banquets 1 % CelHions in the .gqoJ -and picturesque' I cume o£. whit0 r.shvd-Kierpi; g relieved with:-a scarlet silk fej P '-wising the, iiinoy%Uon..\vii&iL;$b< fcr s'isth!e remark, " This is not a Av bit® "Uii'.s country;" V Why should; nofroiiir e jeuness in troduce - the same & "t and airy costume 1 - The comfort' on a l,ofc night would at once sbcure its acceptance but I suppose our gilded youth" are .too timid to break the trammels of an old-woild fashion and will -continue to- swelter id the' oxthodox black swallow tail and con tinuations, and" the absurd expanse of snowy shirt front with its .clerical white tie, until further, notice, or until one of their order- expires from sah- gumeous apoplexy. Certainly . this funereal attire which is also couimon to undertakers and waiters, forms an admirable foil to. the - more brilliaut dresses of their partners, and. as such may be excused, but I cannot help regretting. , the picturesque/costumes of tho last century, when the beaux of the ball-room ("fluttered around like so many human butterflies, and the radiance of the candelabra shone on elaborate suits ; of ; crimson and gold, and blue and silver, and all the alter nating tints of the. rainbow. There might have been much in this that was bizarre and extravagant, but I doubt if we have improved on it with our modern uniformity of dismal black. However, if there were too much of a muchness .with the gentle men, the same could, not apply to the ladies, whose infinite variety and taste ful adaptation of delicate fabrics gratified my artistic .taste. It would need the practised eve of a costamicre to adequately describe the numerous ravishing toilettes which passed in rapid succession in the evolutions of the dance; but much as I admire the richness and grandeur of black velvet or silk as enhancing the development of matronly beauty, I admit that I prefer the dainty vestures of pale blue, pink and amber which adorned the symmetrical, though slender forms of the more youthful visitors. The present style of hair dressing is sus- ceptible of infinite variety, but ingeni ous and charming as were many of these chcveleures, I could not but admit that the antique Greek style, as exem plified in the arrangement of one fair damsel's fair tresses, was the sublimity of capillary attraction. But dress, however rich or rare, is a mere ad junct to female loveliness. It is the sparkling eye, the smiling lip, and the joyous laugh that lend enchantment to the festive scene, And slender arms before my face Are ioiiihic 1 with a statue's grace ; And ringlets wave, and beautcm feet, Swifter than lightning part and meet. Then when I weary oE " the gay and festive scene," I roam around and drop in to the retiring rooms, where some of the more staid of spirit or ad vanced of age indulge in the soothing pipe or cigar, or seek more exciting pleasure iu whist or euchre, for all and each of which ample provision has been made. Anon I take a critical survey of the supper room, and view the table, which if it does not groan according to the conventional phrase, must at least creak with pleasure at the mass of dainties crowded upon it in such profusion as to suggest a regret that more extended . accommodation could not be provided on which to display the tasteful varieties of the cuisine to tempt the appetite or allay the calls of hunger. The variety of delicacies was sufficient to satisfy the most fastidious (jourmand, and was creditable to the master spirit who superintended the arrangement-. But when exhausted uibuufci? »o iwicoucu VIIC ci>iiu&t;— ment is resumed with renewed ardor, and the cry is "On with the dance, let joy be unconfined," and as the ice of conventionality has been broken by the cheerful intermission of the supper hour the spiritual thermometer perceptibly rises, And looks are kind and eyes are bright, And tongues ar-i free, and hearts are light. But, alas ! the most joyous phase of existence must have an end, and I must leave the halls of dazzling light, and all their charm and witchery to tho3e whose youthful spirits can stand the strain for-— I have n -t now the alacrity of ap:rifc Which I wm wont to have. As to what fair dame or demoiselle was entitled to rank as " the belle of the ball," I prefer not to incur the wrath of the numerous types of beauty present by any individual selection. Of all that did chance 'twere a long tale to toll, Of the dancers and dresses, and who was the belle ; IJut each was so happy, and all were so fnjp, . . That night stole wq,y and the dawn found them there. Which is poetical, even if i|t be nqt strictly correct, I am glad, however, to find that the appeal on behalf of our charitable institutions met with such a generous response, and in a manner which combined pleasure and benevo lence in the most attractive manner. As I made my way homeward through the silent streets, I could not but feel gr%pi/icf at the success of this evening's entertainment, and address. the joj'ous throng I had jef; bgl'ilid io the words of the poet, Be'- old and young f.iregn, forget Their 'abor and their sorrow. And n me— except the Cabinet — Take counsel for the morrow. 