THE 1UGTIT SOItT* A ROMANCE 01? THE SHIRES. 'Mm. .EDWARD KENNART), OHAl’TEU XIII.—Discotsinq this Ladies’ STKlil'LEcnASE. In Uio moantimo diauor was announced, giving her an opportunity of collecting her wits, lor Colonol Oliuker oltored his arm to tho hostess, Mr. M'Grath oamo forward to claim Kato, whilo Mary Whitbread foil to tho portion of the fascinating Captain Fuller, who, how ever, having lost a considerable sum at his olub in fcowji ou Saturday night—or rather Sunday morning—happonod to bo in a less sprightly auu morn taciturn mood than usual. After a little preliminary bustle, they seated themselves nt taulo, whon Kato found tho enemy hnd taken up a strong position on tho right, whilo Mr. M*(.lrath supported tho loft division. “ You’re looking a littlo nalo this ovoning, Mrs. Forrester,’’caid ho. “Nothing tho matter, I hopo? You’ro not foeling soody 41A liver attack,” oho roplieu with a cus tomary bluntnoss. 41 Not vory serious, only requires plenty of fresh air and. oxcreiao. Ono ’ goto fat arid lazy iu tho summor* By-lho'byo, Miss Browser, that was a uico usoful-looking nag you wero riding to-day. Not so showy, perhaps, as tho chestnut, but with capital good points, and looks liko u woar-nnd-toar sort of customor.” “You'vo doscribod him to a nicoty,” anid Kato in reply. ‘‘Tho Duokliug is a stout, honest littlo boast, novor sick or sorry, but until ho gptaoxcitad inclined to tako life almost too easily. He lacks thochestmit’s dash.” “ Have you over ridden him with a spur r” “No, I caift say that I have. To tell tho truth, I feci nomowhat afraid of applying it indiscriminately, ” 41 Oh no you wouUlu’t, You tako my advice, and rido him with ono, if only for a time or two. Tho least touch is often sulllciont to rouso a sluggish horco. Thoy nro apt to get cunning whou ridden by ladios, and an occasional reminder does them nil tho good iu tho world. I know many pnoplo object to a ono-sidod spur, and Bay it*s worso than usoloss, but my ex perience is exactly tho rovorso. I consider it a most valuablo auxiliary, especially with a cortain class of animal.” 44 Faith! and a hotter authority doc3 uot oxiat in tho wholo of Great Britain,” interposed Mr. M'Grath, looking round tho tablo.with an expression of conviction which scemod to say, “There! 1 defy unyouo to contradict that stntomont !M 4‘ Now, Terry, Icoop your national blarney for thoso who appreciate it,” returned tho old lady vivaciously, ‘‘and don’t waste yoursoft sawiler upon mo. I’m too ancient for that sort of thing, and past tho market.” “Begad! but it’s rnlo unkind that yo are, Mrs. Forrestor, mavouruoon,” exclaimed Mr. M‘Gratli, adopting tho very strongo3t brogue. 44 And a clever faynmlo like ycrself cau always command a rnarkat.” “Thank you, my good friend; you aro oxcoodmgly Haltering, and were I a young girl my head would bo quito turned with such a complimentary speoeb.” “Shuro, Mrs. Forrester, and if yo wero but a woo bit spulpoon, it would bo for trying to persuade yu to become Mrs. Toreuco M'Grath that I should aspira.” “Then it’s lucky for you that I am not, and you aro deterrod from committing so crowuing au act of folly,” rotorted tho old lady amidst a general roar of laughter. “Your heart’s too big for your body, Terry, and as for your common seuso, it is nowhere, bo lot us change tho subject. Jack,” turning to Colonol Clinker, “I vo got something to toll you, somothing I ,was particularly requested by a fair admirer to cousult you abiut. Aio you all attmiUonV” 44 Am I not always so whon addressed by Mrs. Forrester!” roturuod bo gallrnllv. “ Who is the lady, and why does bIio seek ad vice from so incompetent a porson ?” “A great friend of yours, Lady Anuo Birkott, and.sho is mad about getting up a ludios* ateoplochase. You remember thoro was somo talk of doing so last winter, only tho project foil to tho ground for want of propor backing. But this year it appears tho old Earl has taken upthoanair con nmorc, and has signified his intention of allowing tho rnco to ho run over his land, provided somo compotcnt porson— yoursolf for instauco—will undertako to chooao a suitable oourso, and sco that tho foncos aro not too largo and dangerous. It won't do, ho says, for tho ladies to como to grief, ncithor will Ik allow the thing to bo inado public iu auy way, but if a few of us choose to got it up amoncsl ourselves, and can ensure somo four or live starters, ho will pro lent a handsome silver cuj to the winnen Now Lady Anuo, whon slu heard you wero coining hero to night, par ticulorly asked mo to seek your opinion on thii mymentous quea-don, amt ongago, if possible .your ftetivo co-oporation. In fact, aha want* you to become tho moving spirit, mid tako the whole thing iu hand from first to last.” “Vorv kind of Lady Anno, I’m sure. Bui who ana what ia the field to consist of ? Have you any notion?” “Why, there’s Lady Anno horself. Sho’s a« keen as mustard ab.mt it, not that sho will possess tho ghost of a chauco of winning, uuless the Earl puts Ida band iu his pockot and givoe her a decent mount. Miss Fuiliser, too, is always game for anything iu tho ridiug way. Her ambitious spirit would simply rovel in the uxcitomeut of a race. I lay auy monoy that she jumps at the idea.” “1 wish tho old Bcareciow would jump oft thoJiooka. Nasty spiteful creaturo i lhatotho very sight of her out hunting! Well, go on, whoolso'r” “Then there aro Mrs. Fagetnnd Mr3. Phipps perhaps onu or two othors; and lastly, with a littlo persuasion—myself.” “ Yourself ? Capital! That puts a difToront complexion on tho matter altogether. Whv evory man m Foxiugton would turn out to boo tho.colobrntod Mrs, Forrester como galloping iu hotwocn tho Hags on a winning mount. Wo HbaU have another foathor added to your cap “Or another censorious dart placed in tho bauds ot my enemies,” said Mrs. Forrostcr, Whoso oyos failnd to bo. completely bliudod by honour ami glory of this redoubtable i , 1 Blm11 ba “Hod an old fool for my “ c1 ’!ot Without some show of reason, country nfth° us.? 01 K0‘“,?, BolhvnntiiiB over n Ann.lh. m'V tlmo °r llfo? llowovor, Ltuly T m“ ,n penes until X half promised liar I would luaku on, of tho number.” C but a vaII" f r'f i‘ttoo: tlie rnCQ would seem support.”0 afI“ir without your ‘‘Ob, nonsense, .Taclc; thiims wmil,l m „„ raaotly the same. Only I l,e"lp to swofl the rank of hmat cs, ami tho more the merrier liart m n'? Uro"'f<'1'. may ho induced to tako part in the proceedings. What sav vou?” I?t with r° V"t0' , “ 'Vm Tou ‘ln-oiv in your °Jlr ilJriuR hand ofliorsowonion?'’ i „r ,,re a nothing m tho world I should liko hotter,” answer, d she, witn glisten™ ore, Sho had olroady pictured to herself tho idorkms souoation of pilotingKiug Olaf past tho wiim uo! fbnf iU'i laJ hreatlilessty to everything nS4 bet"'ecu Mrs. Forrostor and Colonel C inker, “lint," sho added rather Jumoly, catching nn expression of stern dis Wllilbrt“d's foeo, opposite, ii n wbaH” Intcrrnptod Jack Clinker Don t be afraid to montion any scruples voii may entertain. Perhaps,” and Kato Bbooqnld doteot tho leant possible sneer, “tho “--W^jfot appears too dangerous, and if so my sympathies nro on your stdonltogothor ” J “ Your sympathies aro entiroly misplaced,” said sho tartly, footing dooply wounded by niiv implication on her coiirngo. “ I am not y/iitceo timid as you soem to iniagino, and* v 1 by tho poss’b'o danger: only ” detorred by t mg contiuenco, “shouhl not wo bo an seaudaliso tho good pooplo of tho uoiglih hood, and mnke ourselves somowlmt i opieuousi”1 “Y’ou aro right. Miss Browser, nud disi flouud wisdom in being nfrnid of their comm! Ha doubt yon will gain a vary bad immo.” Ho was laughing at her, mid slio couid onduro chair from him, of all people in world, whou up totliii moment ho nud mor lesi ignored her oxistenoo, and studiously drossed all Ids coiireraation to Mrs. Forrosti “Ido wish you would not employ that u •afraid,’” sho said irritably. ”1 detest and onco for all let mo tell you I’m not af of anything, certainly uot ofafow ill-nati romarks from people who aro perfeot Btran t0[“°i> So Pl(-‘a:o banish tho idea from-j . “ Tho hoauty of it ii,” said Mrs. Forro intervening, “ poojilo can’t talk, for nobod, to know anything about tlm raco oulsido' owu immediate eirelo, and onobbisliisin reioc suproino that when folks hear tho Viirl ■Huntingshiro has b;on tho chiof natron supportor of it, so ircely a dissentiont voico ho raisoil. Iu order to maintain as m privacy os possible, ho proposes that oven pinco of meeting should ho kept a profo socrot, and only divulgod some four-a twenty hours lieforo tho raco. llowovor dear,” turning hlamlly towards Kato, •' "wish everybody to plou.o themselves, nnd if havo.tho least hesitation about riding do ecruplo to say so.” “Hear, hear!” chirasd llouhlo. Jack *243) prn7iu"ly ; “ them's my routimout*, uud ii I , wero you, Miss Browser, 1 should decline.” | "But you aro not mi),” sho rotorted in an uudortono. “ and all I ilcclino ia tho ndvico so , gratuitously ofTorcd. Perhaps you will allow mo to judgo for inysolf, ami,” looking round with an air of definnco and speaking aloud, ’’mymimlis mado up. I intend to compoto, uinco Mrs. Forrester has boon good enough to ask mo to do so.” “ That's right, my deal!” oxclaimcd Iho lady approvingly. “ I told 'Lady Anno I foil almost snro von would join onr party; brsideo, it would bo n, shumo’not to give that bountiful choanut an opportunity of showing us all his heels. Ho ought to have an uncommonly good chunco of winning. • Cauho stay ?" “Yes, 1 think so,” answered Kulo more placidly. “Have you hoard wlnit the distance is to bo?" asked Colonel Clinker. “So much de pends upon that, especially with untrained horses, genomlly ns fat as so many bullocks. I should say a two to a two and a-lialf miles course would ho amply sufliciont. A longer ouo will ouly give rise to a. varioty of iuishap3, I lay tun to one La Falliser comes in ns blown us a Liverpool chaser.’* “ Well, nil such details will probably bo loft to you to decido,” said Mrs. Forrester. “ Lady Anne wants you to go ovor tho tlrst day you can in order to settlo preliminaries. You know tho big grass-tields, within half a mile of tho Castle? Thcro was uoino talk of making one of them Uio starting-point. But you will sotUo all that, sinco everything is to bo placod in your bauds." “ An exceedingly invidious liouour, pretty fluro to call down on my devoted head no end of abuse, I never kuow tho mnu yet who undertook to mark out a stooplechnso course that did not como in for almost univoml con demnation. Tho riders consider tho obstacles too largo, Iho public think them too small; tho ono finds fault with tho distunco, tho other complains of its brevity; and so thoy go on. It’s impossible to satisfy everybody, oven undor tho most favourablo conditions: but whon it comoo to ploasiug lialf-a-dozon ladies, and providing both for tlioir safety and amuse ment, I confess to sliriukiug from such a dillicult auddolieato undertaking. It alrendy weighs upon my mind !iko un ‘ incubus.* Ini agino tho tremoudous responsibility of Bolccting tho foucos, whon I think at each particular ono that some frail-limbed woman in ay como to grief ovor it. I don’t fancy tho job in tho least, and nothing but my friendship for Lady Anno would induce mo to countenance it for ono minute. However, sinco you ladies ap pear resolved, put mo out of suapeuso- at once by telling me whon tho celebrated female Foxington steeplechase ia likely to come off?” “,l won’t havo you speak of our purposoin that disparaging maunor," said Mrs. Forrester reprovingly, “ And I back tho ladies to acquit thomselves quite as creditably as it' thoy wero men. Now, Jack, don’t bo disugreoablo, for if you begin by giving yoursolf airs and turning up your nose in disdain tho wholo thing will collanso, and Lady Anno bo terribly dis appointed.” “I should ho Borry to disappoint her ladyship. Sho’s a real good sort, and I certainly would go out of my way to render her any little service that happenou to be iu ray powor. IIu3 alio fixod tho timo?” “ Oh dear no I In fact tho idea has only just been broached. But I fancy sho wants the raco to como off pretty soon, probably about iho beginning of December, but nuy way before Parliament. Their plans after Christina) aro goncrally rather unsettled.” “Tho horses will havo to bo trained, of course,” remarked Colouol Clinker, speaking with professional authority. “That is a nine quit mm. I suppose you aro propareil to put tho ehootnuUnto rogulur work, Miss Browser?" “Iteully,” said eho, “I havo hardly thought of it yet. Won’t that moan losing lus services in tho hunting hold altogether? And just at present I ain too short of horses to bo able to dispouso with my best ono.” “Short, aro you?” interrupted Mrs. Forroator, who seldom allowed the chnneo of doiug a little busiuoss to go by unmolested. “Aro you on the look out for auoiiicr? Be cause if so, I wish to disposo of an animal that would suit you down to tho ground uud carry you just liko a bird. Ha’s a bay, rising seven, and a first-rate fencer, as tho Colonel thorn will toll you. As a rulo I disli^o selliug to frioudo, but tho Peer is a bond Jhle article, that I am only porting with ovviug to several younger horsos coming on. He's a mado hunter, and cheap at a hundred and twenty guineas, tho prico I’m asking for him.’* It flashed through Rato's mind that if tho I oer wero rea\ly no good as represented, it soomod hardly wotiu Mrs. Forrester’s while to sell him nt tho very ‘coiumoucomont of tho seasou, but sho wns not uwato iuat his original prico was twonty-flvo guineas, ana that fora profit of a hundrod pounds tho laaj would havo partod with ovory animal iu her efeublo. “ You aro vory kina,” sho nusworod diplo matically, tbiuking it well not to appear too kocu. “I way probably havo to purchase nu extra horse or two later on, but just now I am in no particular hurry for a fow weeks." “ May I bo allowed to offor anothor pleco of advic3, in spito of tho aevero snubbing you took occasion to administer a short timo ago," whisporod Colonel Clinker a second or two lator, when their hostess’s attention was en gaged in another quarter, “ Cortainly," said Kata, feeliug rather con scious of tho rebuko, but still somewhat sur prised at tho requost. “ What is it ?'* “ Don’t you lot yourself bo persuaded to buy any of Mrs. Forrester’s horses, that’s all. Sho’s a dear old soul, and I’m awfully fond of hor, but I should bo sorry to soo ono of her so called ‘made huntois’ palmed off upon you. Do you understand, or uavo I once more com mitted an off’enco?" “Not at all, but ploaso explain what ia your meauiug?" “Why, you oca Mrs. Forrester ia both able and clever, Sho ridoa awful brutes, and manages to get rid of them to advantage some how. But they aronotauitod toothir Indies, and thereforo I should bo sorry to seo you buy one, . Purchaao a horse u ith Mrs. Forrester if you like—thoro is no bettor judgo in England, whon tho choquo comes out of somebody elso’s book—but not <>/'hur. The risk, uino times out of ton, is too groat," “She must bo a wonderful rider!" said “That’s exactly what sho is, but I Bhouhl griovo to seo a young lady of your toutler years itupoaod upon, audl/.noic thuFecr would not suitvou," “ I’m uot so young as all that, I was twenty-two last birthday,” oaid Kate, impelled to mnko tho statement by a spocies of brusque honesty, characteristic of hor disposition. “A more child," said ho looking at her and thinking how much too young shu was to face tho world alone. Ho noticod also how bright and lurgo hor oyos were, and how perfect tho poso of tho amall lioad, “You aro not angry with mo for what I havo said ?" ho askod, fooling ns if ho should liko to be good friends with her in tho future. *•’ I havo not annoyed you Mi* time, lmvo I?” Sho hesitated for a aocoud and thou said— “ 1 know how independent you aro,” ho con tinued apologetically, “and‘half feared you might resent my interference.” “ Puoplo otty/it to bo independent, and able to shift for thomaolves in this world." “ I entirely agreo, so far as our sex is con cerned, but in yours it becomes a question whotlfor iudepondeuco may not bo carried to too great an extent—whether it is not apt to givo women a coctain bruHquaurss and hard noss, scarcely in harmony with their character, at least from a manly point of view ?” Tho sontonco wasutterod withoutany pirtioular iu tontion, butcuriously enough Kate choso to put a a porsmml construction upon it, and tho spirit of opposition onco raoro grow rifo within “ Oh !" sho oaid flippantly, “ I suppoao you aro liko most other men, uud cure only for tho pretty bluo eyed, ilnxon-hairod, doll typo, which look up to you and worship you liko domi gotls. Brains don’t signify ; tho fewer tho batter, for then dolly is less likely to boo flaws in her idol, or to detoot that what sho takes for pure inotal is nothing but a baso alloy. Those dinging, litchou- liko croatures appoul to a man's vauity if not to bis nobler instincts, and in return thoy aro rowardad by a luke warm, half-contemptuous affection. Tho natural position of things te reversed, aud c'eH I'ftOMMd <)ni st' fahsfi irime, ))ns la femme ! It savos a great deal of trouble, and tho limpets mako oxcollont and obedieut wives. They at any rate aro not too independent." “ You nro swooping iu your condemnations, Miss Browsor. Luckily for tuo, howover, I havo escaped tho wiles of these hcauliful, but iuuno playthings of whom you speak. Matri mony 19 an oxpeusivo luxury, rather super fluous than otherwise in my estimation, especially nowadays, when young IudieB expend a moderato fortuno on thoir clothes, and tho dressmaker’s bill would nearly cover tho ex penses of a season’s hunting. A man must cither bo very bold, very rich, or very, very foolish to undertake tho modern girl of tho porioiV* “ Girl of Utoporiod, indeed ! What an odious exproision! Just as if there wero not Uuudrods and hundreds of nice, quiet, sonsiblo girls about, if only tho men bad aenso enough to appreciuto thorn! Instead of whioh, bocauBo their frocks happen to bo a little bohind tho fashion, or their boots country mado, and their gloves a size or two too big, they call them frumps, puys, gawkies, dowdies, ovoty name under tho ami, Why should wo all ho judged hy our outer garmonls to such a ridiculous extent as to voil our oyos to inward raorit ? Answer mo thut.quosliou if you cnu.” “But I can’t. It’s much too abstruse for my fcoblo comprohoneion,” “ Wull, thou, do you believe in the law of demand nud supply V Aro you by any chanco a political economist ?” “ A political economist indeed I Why, my dear Miss Browser, I am not oven a domestic one, and find it Impossible to practiso that virluo at homo, A poor dovil liko myself, head over ears in debt, has quite enough, and more than enough, to do in minding his own affairs, without bothering about thoso o! tlio nation," “All! you don’t understand mo. What I meant was simply this. You men os a body complain of tlio girls. You any thoy aro fast, frivolous, and extravagant. Well, I ask in thoir defence, who mako the girls so if not the men themselves P They creato a demand for a certain stylo of womnu, and that dcranniia promptly supplied in order to gratify thoir. tastes. If thero was no demand, there would be no supply. Itismorolya fundamental law of nature—that’s all. In support of my tlioory. outer any ball-room almost that you like, and you will see rows upon rows of quiet, (jowl girls sitting purtuorloss by thoir chape roues, whilo the loud, noisy, fast ones have nourly every man in tlio pluco daugling after them. True, the lords of creation may return to their homos, and after devoting themselves all tho ovontng to Mrs. A. or Miss J3., declaro thoy thank hoaven thoirsiater, wife, daoghtor, as tho caso may bo, docs not rosomblo tho divinity, but with what result ? Why their bolongings, who probably have spent a dull evening, totally neglected, put two and two together, 1 and after a bit bogin to mnko oomparhons. That stogo once reached, tho end soon ap- : proacJiea. Thoy hnd that if thoy paint their cheeks, dress showity, talk immodestly, and altogether are ‘ bad form,’ thoy, too, become a coutre of attraction, and need no longer ait in retired coynora alono, * chewing the bitter cud’of desertion and isolation. They bo:omo different beings, but you men alone aro to blame for thoir degeneration, though in the words of that arch-sneak Adam, whan tlio mischief is done you turn round ami say, 1 It’s not mo, it’s tho woman.’ ” Sho had forgotten whoro bIio was, and who she was Bp caking to, boing carried away by tho ' bitter earnestness of hqr subject. Uuliko many girls of her ago, f}io had aeon a groat deal of tho world, and thftt under such peculiar circumstances as to l oader her unusually clear sighted. Her cheeks now were Hushed, and her whole face sparkling with animation, and Colonel Clinkor, looking at her in astonish merit, could not restrain his admiration. Ho dearly loved a highly-mottled etced, and Knto in this glowing pnood rominded him of some gallant and spirited young creature. Ho lmd novor mot any ono liko her before, so clovor, so original, and yet so honost and sitnplo. She impressed him by hor strength of character as well ns by her good looks. And ho himself possessed a strain of candour which forcod him, unaccustomed as ho was to hoaring tlio shortcomings of his class thus roundly taken to task by bo young a girl, to acknowledge in great measure the truth of what she Baid. It began dimly to dawn upon his mind that it was just possible the world might contain hotter things oven than horso-raciug and horso* ridiug, and that a dear little womati at his own fireside might possibly exercuo n more salutary inilueiico over him than did tho life of restless excitement ho wna in the habit of loading—a Hfo of waatod ability and unprofitable ploi suros, whoso only roaults consisted in embar rassing Ms father’s old ago, and squandering tho^ patrimony ho otherwise might havo in horitod. The child, this outspoken girl, with her Jionast voice, fearless oyos, and during opinions, clad in her simple wMto gown, had appealed most strangely to bis better nature, raising in him suddenly a vaguo unsatisfiod longing after nobler things. Such sensations Boomed too unrenl to bo oncouragod—only a passing weakness—to bo crushed iu its infancy, auch as tho sight of a pretty woman, the glance ofnu oyo, tho turn of a head, will often give rise to. With a forced laugh and a sigh ho roused himself from his meditations, “ You are a hard hitter,” Miss Browser, ha answered, “ and I scarcely know how to de fend my box against so forcible an attack. You speak, however, as if your own ex perience had been unfortunate. At twenty two oiio’s views on nmnkiud and ouo’s knowledge of its deficiencies are not geuorally so matured,” Kate coloured up to the very roots of hor “ Yes,” she said, after a pause, while hor voico quivorod Bfightlyn “ you uro right. I have boon unfortunato in my oxporiouco, but plcaso do not lot us talk about it,” “ Hero, Terry !” cried Colonel Clinkor to Ms frioud, with ready tact, Boeing tho conver sation evidently bewail to distress her, “ come to the rescue, and holn mo to dofeud myself ugainst this young lady’s, shafts of sarcasm. We men as a body have been catching it torribly hot all round. Can’t you say ^no thing nout on our behalf? I novor came out head of tho class in argument, but you’ro a real tiptopper at it.” ** I should not dream of contradicting a lady,” said Mr. M’Grath politely, in answor to this appeal. “Bless thoir dear hoarts ! I lovo Qwui all!” Which amorous sontimont, delivered at tho top of his voico, with a hearty expansion of lung, forthwith created so much amusement that tho conversation onco more became general, until Mrs, Forroster mado a sign for tho ladioa to rotira by nodding hor head at tho end of tho tablo, mid thereby causing her cap to Ioeq its equilibrium and to roll sidowuys on to tho fibor, # “ Now you young men,” said sho iinpres sivsly, as sho dived under the mahogany in search of the nibsing article, and suddenly camo in contact with Mr. M^rath, bout on a similar errand, “ you’ro to make hasto, and not sit drinking and smoking all tho rest of tlio evening. Wo want you to amuso ns, and not yourselves, for onco in a way, and if everybody is agreeable wo can ploy a round game of cards by-and-bye.” Tho gentlemen, thus admonished, mado tho most flolomn promises not oven to allow tho charms of tobacco, wine, and anoedoto todotain them, which promises thoy, for a wonder, kopt nobly, appearing in about a quarter of an hour. Meamvhilo Mrs. Forrester lmd not been idle. With the aBsifllancopf tlio two girls sho cleurod tho centra tablo of its books ami covering, and placed four shaded candles in their stoad, ready for a start, Iu thorough harmony with the sportiug sido of her character, tho old lady dourly loved a quiet “ gatnblo,” and so long ns it did not go boyond a certain limit, it affordod hor tlio heartiest satisfaction to win Email omouuts from her friends, though that satisfac tion was a trillo less apparent when eho herself was called upon to diaourso, “ Can you and Mbs Whitbread plav nap or poker?” she inquired of tlio two girts/ “Thoy aro our great games, though I Bet my faco against anything higher than threepenny points. Still, thoso are exciting enough,” I don’t think Mury knows either gamo,” enid Kate, answering for both. “As for myself, I havo played a few times only, just sufficient to master tho first very elementary rules, and to appreciate tho valuo of a Hush or full hand.” “Ah, I see you aro ait fait, and any littlo mistake you commit snino ol tho gentlemen will easily correct. Mr. Grahamo,” nddrosatng that individual, tvlio was jhyly wanning tho small of his back beforo tho tiro and caressing an in visible tlaxen moustudio with great solicitudo, “you’ll bauk with Mbs Whitbread, won’t The Chirper thus appealed to started vio lently, turnod crimson with confusion, but oxprosBed his oxtremo willingness to assent to tho proposal. Ho had sit by Mary Whitbread’s sido duriug dinuor, and had been fairly !i8toubhed at his own garrulity. For onco ho had coiuo ucroea a girl who did not alarm or jot hor cap ut hiui, but who batoned with becoming attention to hia every utterance, and who attended to tho narrative of liis personal ilTairs with an interest ns genuine as it was dmrming. The young pooplo had no objection whatever to boing piirod off at cards, and bogan counting their counters with nnucablo gravity. Not so Kato, who when asked by Mrs. Forrester if she would condescend to play with Colonel Clinker, said iu the most marked nunner— / “Thank you, Sirs. Forrester, I profor my independence and dislike all partnerships, pro ferrmg to stand or fall alono.” “ Miss Brewsor is quito right,” enid lie ironi* 2ally, “alliances aro always to bo avoidod, 38Docially botwoen peoplo fo disduiilnr iu cha racter as ourselvcB. Wo should fight liko cat uid dog ovir 8omo miacrablo rubbishy hand. Wo two aro bettor apart,” Thoro was no golfing over him. "Every remark Eho mado ho promptly enppod, and liithorto sho hud l o:n decidedly worsted iu oach jeparato encounter. “ Ye9, far bettor apart,” bIio 6nid with a tosa af tho hoad. “It is forluuato that for once wo igite.” “ JTost fortunate,” ho echoed, but inwardly io exclaimed, “ douco tako tho girl! What tho lovil does sho mean with hor partnership? Dooa she suppose I want to force tuyeolf upon hor, or is it nothing but her iufornu) conceit?” And K.ato, on hor sido, thought, “ I nover mot myono so horribly Barcastie in all my life. I lon’fc liko him ono bit, aud yet ho can bo nice mough when ho chooses. However, sinco ho evidently wishes for war—war let it bo to Ibo So tho two antagonists sat aud glowcrod at caoh othor across tho groon baizo cloth, nnd playod on oil sorts of foolish bauds, just for tho sako of opposition. But when the garao came to an end, aud they counted up thoir losses, tho gain to uoitker party had boon groat. “Ithink we'd bettor cousont to bury tho hatohet noxt timo wo piny poker together,' said Colonel CHinkor, " Wo should have been clean broke had wo gone ou at this rate, and had it not boou for tho limit." ' Tho girls had declared thoy must bo going, and ho mado tho abovo remark in an uudortono when ho followod them into the hall, and helped Kato on with her cloak. His voico sounded soft in hefc enrs. It bad a peculiar timbre which touched her in spito of herself, and ho looked so thoroughly manly aud gentlemanly as ho stood thoro, pretending to fumble over her cloak, that aho said in roply, with all tho imlifTorcnco she could assurao— “Vory woll, wo will avoid tho bankruptcy court if possibto, olso our creditors might liavo a rough timo of it." Was it uot an uufortuuato coincidence that theso two, oven although uniutoutioimlly, al ways contrived to wouud each othor on their toiulorost points. Kato had boon innocont of any ovll intention, novortbe less Jack Clinker's feelings woro sorely hurt by what ho imagined was marked refer ence to his pecuniary diflicultios. " That was a nas£y speech, Miss Browsor," ho said coldly. 44 You don’t liko my advico, for tho thira timo this oveniug I tondor it, You nro fond of hitting tho right mil ou tho head, but take enro you don’t got into tho habit of striking it too hard. It's an ovil nnd un kind praetico, apt to grow unawares upon tlioso who iudulgo in it." And now suddenly sho romomberod what Mrs. Forreitcr had told her of his financial embarrassmouts, and tho construction ho had ovidontly put upon her words grow clear to her mind. 11 Oh!" sho cried hastily, while a flush of sbamudyed her face, " I did not menu it. I’m so sorry—so awfully sorry. Will you evur for* Ills brow olearcd at once. " Novor mind," ho said, in quito a different tono. "It was my fault, "Pin a stupid fool to bo so huffy, Gaod-byo, Miss Browser," Ite handed her iuto tho carriage, shut tho door, audthon addod porsuasivoty, "You'll lot trio como aud seo you, won't you?" . Sho could not liavo told herself what was tho instinct that induced her too look him straight in tho faco with a srailo and say "Yes," After all ho could bo nlco when ho cho.so ; and though sho was in no danger of falling u victim to hi* fascinations, sho began to undontuud that Mrs. Forrester lmd spoken truly when sho doclnred Jack Clinker to bo a dangerous man. Sho had not acted quito us sho h:ul intended throughout tho evening. But thoro was no fear of his proving dangerous to her—not llio least. That was quito a different thing. Meantime Mr, .M'Grath was holding a pri vato conference with his friend Mrs. Forroster, " Woll," said ho, in an anxious whisper, “how do you thiuk thoy avo getting on? It struck mo it was rather a slap in tho faco for poor Jack when bIio turned round and told him she dotestod partnerships! What do you sup pose sho meant by it?" "Oh, nothiug," answered Mrs. Forrostor, soothingly, "tshorunsa bit contrary, that’s all. Don’t liko tho whip. .Tack was pretty freo with tho lash, you know, aud sho Bhowod somo temper. Nothing more than might havo bcon expected, howovor." iVhich declaration was a highly magnani mous one, seeing that Mrs. Forrester had not imparted to Mr. McGrath tho manner in which sho had betrayed his confidences. "But do you think matters are progressing satisfactorily ?" said ho. "Admirably; bow could they possibly bo going on bettor? Why, they did nothing tho wbolo evening but spar and quarrel liko two great overgrown babies who could not leave each other alone. What ou eaith would you havo moro?" "I don’t know. Do you call squabbling a good sign?" "A good sigu? Yea, coitainly; I tell vouil’s acapifafano!*' "Don’t you consider it looks soaiowbat Uko a caso of mutual aversion?" "Terry, you’re really a very siroplo indi vidual. I toll you it's no such thing. It’s tho law of attraction mid gravitation which makes warring oloments uuito. Why, where's your natural Ipslory, man ?" " Woll," said Terry, but halc-couvinced, " you may bo right. \ou’roa elevor woumn, Mrs. Forrester; but it's not the way tho boys do their courting in Iroland. Imo-making there is dono at tho llrsb intent, so to speak, and docs not require all this boating about tho hush nnd groping in subtorrauoau alloys." "Subterranean alleys! What nouseiuo Tou’ro talking, Terry," "It’s true, though, all tho samo. Iu our country the boys mako up to tho girls iu a straightforward fashion, and give them a slap ping good kiss on tho ebook without all this roundabout sort of palaver." " And a slapping good snub Jack would get for bis pains if ho woro to try that gamo ou. No, no, Terry, mako up your mind that your countrymen's conduct cannot be implicitly followed ou all occasions; and beliove, besides, that most woraou are not won iu that plough boy manner. Thoy like what you call4 round about palaver.*" " Woll, it boats mo altogether, and I give it up ns a bad job. All I can say U, apf oarnucos nro not entirely satisfactory." " And I tell you tho nppenrauces aro exceed ing satisfactory, could uot bo more so, in fact; and that you kuom no moro about tho ways of ‘ a roau nnd a maid* than my old tabby cat thero," pointing to one on the rug. With which remark sho bade him furcwell; aud, having turned hor guests out of doors, retired to rest, woll pleased with what she considered h-id proved a most successful evening. Tho Huuble. Jack Clinker, at all times subject to curious fancios, took it into his bond to walk homo, nnd tirialy declined tho com panionship even of Mr. M‘Grath. So ho put on his greatcoat, lighted a cigar, and trudgod away stoadiiy. Thoy olio wraoou shonoliko a clear sphoro in tho dnrk heavens, anon brighten ing all the landscape, and making tho trees and hedgerows stand out iu delicito silhouette, again hiding tiway behind a nma of heavy cloud, whilo ths merry stars twiuklod and playod at hido and sook iu their far-off homes. " Only twoaty two,’* said ho, pursuing a train of reflection ovidontly uppermost iu his thoughts, " and bates partnerships ! Dash it all! It’s not natural at that ago to talk liko a woman of tho world. Sho said her oxporionco had brtpn unfortunate. I wonder how and iu what way V I'dgivo a pony to know thc3tory of her life. Sho must havo been disappointed or badly troated some timo or other. Forliaps it was soraod-d fellow, which is tho reajou sho’s so awfully hard on tho rest of us. Poor littlo soul! How pretty she locked when sho was laying down tho law, Sho reminded mo of a snowdrop in hor whito frock, and her eyes sparkled just liko. two jewels. Talk of dolls, indeed! Thoro’s mighty littlo of tho doll about her! What a spirit sho has got, and*— ycB—" with a smile, " whit a touuuo as well. Noverin'.nd, after all eho means no harm by it, nnd her heart is in tho right place. I don’t think your milk-and- watery creaturo would suit mo iu tho lcng ruu. Ono soon tires of them, just U9 sho said. Now thoro would bo no sameness, no monotony aboiit hor. Sho'd kcop a mini up to (he mark, ami prevent his wits from wool-gathering. Why, aho mado oven mb—me—Jack Clicker—feel iucHued to turn over a new loaf, und regrot the pust, I wonder, now, whether it would bo possiblo to begin a fresh and kick cloar of tho old groovo ? Things can’t Inst much longor ai they’re doing. A smash sooner orlatoris inevitable. Pshaw! what a fov 11 am to be suro! I can't think what's come tome to-night, or what Una put such ideas into my head. It’s rot likely a girl ot Miss Browser’s woalth, f.urroundod, too, with every luxury, would ever oire for a poor devil like myself. Kuough of such uonsense. Tlioso confounded Blais make a fellow maudlin.” Ho pufTcd vigorously at his cigar, and lookod up iuto tho cool, dark sky. Tho soft night air, liulon with moisturo, kissed hu cheek, aud seomed to lull his senses to rest. Tho peace of naturo shed hor charm around him, sinking potty overy-duy worries atul notions into triviality. "What an awfully jolly evening!" he soliloquised once more, knocking the ash away from his nearly smoked Havannah. " It nmkea ono fool inclined to wander about all night, droamiug of half-fledged thoughts aud wishes. Were it not for that hothcriug money I huvo everything a man could want—pood rrther, podium, health, friends, aud spiritt— audyot, ovary uow aud again thoro seems to crop up a curious void, just ns thorn did this ovening. I wonder what it is, and why on oarth that girl iu her white frock mado such an impression upon me. Hoigh-ho! It’s a funny, unsuti&fuotory; world iu muny ways!" And with this unoriginal conclusion to his moralising, Jack Clinker found himself staud by bia own hall-door, which ho ontored with a latch-koy, nnd making a bad hoadacho an ox* cuso for not sitting up to tho small hours of tho morning, diRCUssing tho ovoeing's ovents ovor a brandy and soda with Torouco M‘Grath, ho wont up-stairs at onco. Ho did not caro to listen to his friond’s opinions of 44 that smart youug woman in whito." Ho could faucy Terry using tho vorj' words; and lio was in ono of those fastidious, uncertain moods when com* moots arc apt to ho distasteful, and therefore ungraciously rocoivod, and wliou ono’s fooling!* aro so highly strung that chaff irritates and banter jars. Thoso “ confounded stars ^ had cortaiuly a good deal to nnswor for. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 