Y.M.C.A. WINTER LECTURES. ' MENTAL TKLKGBAPHY.' It is customary for the Young Men's Christian Association to arrange a popular course of free lec tures with the view of providing intellectual enter tainment and instruction, more especially with the view 01 improving the young men of the city. The lectures are all free, the passport to entrance being a ticket which Mr. Virgo (the Secretary) is only too glad to hand to any applicant. A strong course of lectures Ins been arranged for this winter. The series will include lectures by His Honor tho Chief Justice, Dr. D. L. lievan, LL.B., of Melbourne, and Dr. Robert Steel, of Sidney, in addition to the inaugural lecture given on Friday evenin? by the Rev. E. II. .Sugden, B.A., B.Sc, of Melbourne. The hall, including the galleries, was packed, many people standing. Mr. F. Chappie, B.A., B.dc, Vice President of the Association, presided. Jlr. SUtiHEN, who initiated the series, is Principal of Queen's College University of Melbourne, and in his own colony theiev. gentleman ha* obtained some note as a lecturer on scientific anil social (luestions. lie chose as hi3 subject on Friday even ing ' Mental Telegraphy.' lie said man wjs tha social animal jmi- excellence. There was also amongst the lower animals some form of society, though it Wiis net so highly developed. Other animals communicated with one another, but min only had found out how to speak. That perfect method of communication had superseded almost all othtrs, either written or vocal. Still there were other means of communication. They had only to study the lower animals to understand. See bees or ants moving about, or pigeons circling in the air. They understood each other without the use of any articulate sounds, lie contended that there still remained in man traces of a primitive power he possessed before he could speak, a power of direct communication of thought to thought, of mind with mind, a faculty he had lost as he bad lost to a large extent 'the faculty of locality, which the lower animals possessed, because of want of u-*e. Still there were other means of communication. Oesturoo, which were a capital aid to I.aiguig*}. ?lhen there was the so-called thought-re Adins. Such men as Bishop, Cumberland, and others mysti fied their audiences. What they did was r3illy due to unconscious muscularity, and it admitted of great delicacy. Interesting experiments to illustrate ihe arguments were given. Mr. Sugden, blindfolded, with hia hand on the Chairman's head, led the way to a walking-stick, which was taken from the owner and carried to Mr. Charles Goode, as was all arranged in Mr. Chappie's mind. Then a hidden pin was easily ffound, amidst the cheers of the audience. Mr. Sugden said what he had done was very simple, and any one could do ic. The rule when they held the hand was to follow the direction of the least resistance. Quite unconsciously to the one operated upon the muscles were affected by the mind, and indicated to the operator in which way he should go. Another mean3 of communication was the actual transfer of thought from mind to mind without any known material medium. Bishop once in his hearing had said he could do what had been done without a material medium. And he could do so. It was sufficient with a very good medium to hold a long stick or even a piece of string between the two persons. That had been proved by a great number of experi ments conducted at the instance of the Society for Psychical Research. Two men named Blickbu.n and Smith were really the tirst to prove very much. They carried on experiments under the eye of the committee of the Psychical Research Society. There was no possibility of collusion between the men, one if whom would think of a more or less uncommon object, which the other would dni». Mr. Sugden, with the aid of lime'ight, showed some of the first attempts of these two men at thought transference. The convincing test was when Smith, the thought- reader and writer, had his ears stopped with putty so that be could not hear, and his_ eyes tirst covered with sticking-plaster and then with pntty. so that he could not see. Finally, he was covered with an eiderdown quilt. He was a martyr to science if ever there was one. (Laughter.) That thought transference was not without analogies in the natural sciences', c.y., acoustics and magnetism. There was no physical medium or physical action in magiieti-ru. Thought transference mi^ht be usefully applied. It probably went a long wiy to account for .1 great many of the alleged facts con nected witli spiritualistic seances and ghost stories. While thought transference (lid not account for everything in connection with spiritualism it did for a good many. He did not question the honesty of spiritualists, nor did he question their facts, but he did question the interpretation ?which they put upon them. There were, however, residual facts to be accounted fo-, and there was ample room for scientific research. He really thought, however, that the spirits of departed ones were not so much in evi derce at seances as wjs thought transference. Instances of thought transference wet 2 familiar to most people. AVho had not heard of people think ing of dying friends who miles away when dying thought of the other person? He could easily understand how thus strongly impressed the latter might, be under the hallucination that he saw a figure of the dying one — in fact, a ghost. Though most frequently heard of in connection with dying people, other remarkable cases had occurred, of which Mr. Sugden narratail telling instances. The btst explanation that could be offered was that they rin upon very simi'ar lines to *he transference of the pictures he had illus trated. The most constant application of thought. transference was to be found in the unconscious in fluence of mind on mind, which had so much ta do with moral influence. It waj not what a man seemed to be, but what h« was that had influence, no matt sr how skilfully he pla-ed his cards or covered his in sincerity. It was no good to sham to be good, but people must be good if they wanted to exert a good influence. If they were wrong at heart they would do harm. Parents especially for the sake of their little children should be good and pure. The children took the mould of their character from their parents, and were not in fluenced so much by what they saw or heard as by the magnetic influence of their parents. (Applause.) The lecturer was frequently heartily applauded, and at the conclusion of his interesting lecture His Honor the Chief Justice moved a vote of thanks to Mr. Sugden. This was enthusiastically carried. The expenses of the lectures, and they are by no means light, are to be defrayed by collections, 'one of which was taken up on Friday evening. During the evening the Y.M.C.A. choir sang choruses. 