THE LAST CONFESSION. All Rights Reserved. by HADL CAINE. ITcz is a noble city, tho largest and finest Oriental city I had yiet seen, fit to compare ill iU own much dittcrent way of beauty and of splendor with, the great cities of the West, the great cities of the earth and of all tiinc ; hub for me its attractions were overshadowed by the gloom of my anxiety. Tho atmosphere of an older world, the spirit of tho East, tho sense of being transported to Bible times, the startling, interpretations which the Biblical stories were receiving by the events of every day — these brought mo no pleasure. As for the constant re minders of the presence of Islam every hour, at every corner, the perpetual breath of prayer and praise, which filled this land that was corrupt to tho core, they gave me pain more poignant than disgust. The call of the mooddin in tho early morning was a daily agony. I slept three streets from the Knruccin minarets, but the voice seemed to float into my room in the darkness, and coil round my head and ring in my cars. Always I was awakened at the hrsfc souud of the stentorian " Allahukabar," or if I awoke in the silence ami thought with a feeling of relief, "It is over, I have slept through it," the howling wail would suddenly break in upon my thanks giving. There waa just one fact of life in Fez that gave mc a kilul of melancholy joy. At nearly every turn of a street my ears were arrested by the multitudinous cackle, the broken various-voiced sing song of a children's school. These Moorish schools interested me. They were the simplest of all possible institutes, consisting usually of a msli-covcrcd cellar, two steps down from the street, with tho teacher, the Taieb, often a half-bliiul old man, squatting in the middle of the Jloor, and Ids pup Us seated about him and all re citing together some passages of tho Koran, tho only text-book of education. One such sohool whs close under my bedroom window ; I heard tho drone of it as early as 7 o'clock every morning, and as often as I wont abroad I stood for a moment and looked ill at the open doorway. A black boy sat there with a basket for the alms of passers- by. lJo was a bright-eyed little fellow, six or seven years of age. and lie knew ono Eng lish phrase only. "Come on," he would nay, and hold up tho basket ami smile. What pathetic interest his sunny face had for mc, how he would cheer and touch mc, with what strange memories his voice and laugh would startle, mc, it would be pitiful to tell. Bear with mc, I was far from my own darling, I was in a strange land, I was a weak man for all that I was thought so strong, and my one besetting infirmity — more consuming than a mother's love — was preyed u>on by my failing health, which in turn was preying upon it. And if the sights of the streets brought me pain, or pleasure that was akin to pain, what of the sights, tho visions, the dreams of my own solitary miud ! I could not close my eyes in the darkness buk&J; saw my boy. llis little child-ghost was always with mc. He never appeared as I had often seen him — laughing, roinjring, and kicking up his legs on the hearth-rug. Some times he eainc as he would do at home alter lie bad committed some childish trespass ami I had whipped him— opening the door of my room aud stepping one pace in, quietly, nervously, half fearfully, to say good-night and kiss me at his bedtime, and I "would lift my eyes and see, over the shade of my library lamp, his little sober red-and- wliite face just dried of its recent tears. Or again sometimes I myself would seem in these dumb dramas of the'darkness to go into his room when lie was asleep, that 1 might indulge my hungry foolish heart with looks of fond ness that the reproving parent could not give, and find him sleeping with an open book in his hands, which he had inade-belicve to read. And then for sheer folly of love I would pick up his wee knickerbockers and turn out its load at either side to see what .a boy's pockets might be like, and discover a curiosity shop of poor little treasures— a knife with, a broken blade, a nail, two marbles, a bit of brass, some siring, a screw, a crust of bread, a, cork, and the leg of a lobster. While I was indulging this weakness the conviction was deepening in my mind that my boy was ill. .So strong did this assur ance become at length that though 1 wan ashamed to give way to it so far as to act my face towards home, being yet no belter for my holiday, 1 sat down at length to writo a letter to Wcnman — I had written to my wife by every mail — that I might re lieve my pent-up feelings. 1 said nothing t-o him of my misgivings, for I wan loth to con fess to them, having no positive reasons M'liatever, and no negative grounds except tUo fact that I was receiving no letters. But I gave him a full history of my hoy's ease, described each stage of it in the past, fore told its probable dcvelomnents in the future, indicated with elauorato care the treatment necessary at every point, and foreshadowed the contingencies under which 'it might in the end become malignant .\nd even deadly unless slopped by the operation that I had myself, after years of labor, found the art of making. I spent an afternoon in the writing of this letter, and when it was douc I felt as if a burden that had been on my back foj ages had suddenly been lifted away. Then I went out alone to post it. The time was close to evening prayers, and as I walked through the streets the xalebs and tradesmen with their prayer-mats under their arms were trooping into the various mosques. Cooing by the Karueciii mosque I observed _ that the good Aluslimcen were entering it by hun dreds. "Some special celebration," I thought. My heart was light, my eves were alert and my stop was quick. For the first time since my coming to tlic city If ez seemed to me a beautiful place. Tho witchery erf the scenes of the streets took hold of mc. To be thus transported into a world of two thousand years ago gave mo the delight of magic. "When I reached the English posb-ofiico I fpuiul it shut up. On its shutters behind its iron grating a notice board was luing oj;t, saying that the oJiico was temporarily closed for the sorting of an incoming mail and the dispatch of an outgoing one. There was a little crowd of people waiting in front — ohicily Moorish servants of English visitors— for the window to open again, and near by stood tho horses of tho postal couriers pawing the pavement. I dropped my letter into tho slit in tho window and then stood aside to see if tho mail had brought anything for me at last. The window was thrown up and two letters were handed to me through the grat ing over the heads of tho Moors, who were crushing underneath. I took them with a sort of fear, and half wished at the first moment that they might be from strangers. They were from homo ; ono was from my wife — I knew the envelope before looking at the handwriting— the other was from Wen- man. I read Wemnan's letter first. Good or bad, the news must be broken to nie gently. Hardly had I torn the sheet open when I saw what it contained. My little Noel had been ill ; ho was still so, but not seriously, and I was not to be alarmed. The silence oil their part which I had complained of so bitterly had merely been due to their fear of giving me unnecessary anxiety. For his part (Weunwin's) lie would have written before, relying on 1113 manliness and good sense, but my wife had restrained him, say ing she knew mo better. There was 110 cause for apprehension : the boy was going along as well as coulil bo expected, etc., etc., etc. Not a word to indicate the nature nnd de gree of the attack. Such an insufficient epistlo must have disquieted the veriest nin compoop nlivo. To send a thing like that to mc — to me of all men ! Was there ever so gross a mistake of judgment? I knew in an instant what the fact must be — my boy was down with that old congeni tal infirmity of the throat. Surely my wife had told mo more. She had. Not by de sign, ' bub unwittingly she had revealed the truth to me, Granville Wcnmau had written to me, she said, explaining everything, aiul I was not to worry, aud bother. All that was possible was being douc for our darling, and if I were there I could do no more. Tnc ill ness had to have its course, so I must l>e patient. AH this is the usual jargon of tho surgery — I know that Wcnmaii had dictated it — ami then a true line or two worth all the rest from my dear girl's own bleeding mothers heart. Onr poor Noel was this, and that, he complained of so and so, and first began to look unwell in such and such ways. It was now clear as noonday. The attack of the throat which I had foreseen had come, jrivo years I had looked for it. Through five long yours I hml wailed and watched to check it. I had labored day and night that wlicn it should come 1 might meet it. My own health I hud wasted— ami for wbut? For fame, for wealth, for humanity, for science? No, no, no, but for the life ot my boy. And now when hia enemy was upon him at length, where was I — I who alone in all this world of God could nave him ? I was thirteen hundred miles from homo. O, the irony of my fate ! My soul rose in rebellion against it. Staggcnug hack through tho darkening streets the whole city seemed dead and damned. (To be continued.) 