l*eo£f?c We Read About. Bernhardt, PaVti, and LsDgtry are each engaged in writing u bcok. Lord Ly! ton was the sixteenth earl who died in 1891. Lord „ Lyttcn J was a beiievtr m ° ghosts. „„„„„„ His seat, . * lv-atbEWoria, ^ • wu.8 haunted, " ' he was con- " ' Hiram Chcee, an Indian of the Omaha tribe, he.3 been ptrmiltted to the practice o£ the law at Omahn. Mrs. Kendal is the inventor and patentee of a lamp and candle shao'e, from the sale of which she derives a very handsome pre fit. Bismark, 13 vrhut in Germany they call a " chain smoker," that is ha smokes from morning till night without a break, lighting one cigar with the end of the other. His full name, with its titles, wes the Bight Honorable Edward Robert Bulwar- Lytton, Earl of Lytton, G.C.B., G.C.S., C.L.B., L.L.D., but the great world will know him best and remember him best as Owen Meredith. A strange figure on the streets of Washington is that of Josephine J. Jarocki, a Polish countess and a grandniece of Count Pulaski, at revolutionary fame. She is described as a " human dried apple," poor to indigence and shabbil'y dressed, aud she is about fifty yc-ars old. For twenty-five years she hna been fighting for a fortune left by Count Pulaski. Mlie, BileeGco, the young Roumanian recently admitted to practise law in France, is a tall, geaceful, and dark-haired girl of twenty-three. She is the only child oi a banker at Bucharest, and in that city 6he has hung out her fihingle. Her course of instruction in the IHW in P;.r33 lasted fcr 4 six years, and during thnt time nhe was ab- ? sent but oca day from the lscturc f room. | Paul du Chaillu says that whenever in the | forests of Africa be encountered a gorilla his t life hung on a sh rsder phrea^, for either he jj or tbe gorilla had to* die. Inasmuch as the \ genial traveller is ttill alive, i: seems likely J that he gave a quietus io more than one of i tbe big apes. Accordicg to M. du Chaillu j the female gorilla Bleeps at night in the I branches of a tree, while the male reposas | at the base of the tree to keep her from ? harm. I 