WIT AND HUMOTJB; IT COMES UP SMILING. In spite oi countess imitations, m spueui (?) substitutes; in spite of local or imported rivals ? IVliat oh earth are you talking about f* Why, Magio Soap, of course. The gcnuiaa . “Heart pierced with an arrow. [Adyt.] Mrs. C alt. Air ax : “I want to get a pair o€ shoes for the little bye.” Clerk: “French kid ?” Mrs. Callahan (indignantly): “ Indade not. He?a me own son, bora an’ bred m Ameriky.” Photographer: “la there any partiaular way in which you would like to do taken V” Mr. Sam Johnsmg: “ Yes, sah. If dere’sno dejection, I’d like to he taken a light cream colour.” No Animal Food For Him.—Doctor (cheerily, to patient): “\ou have got along well enough now to indulge in a little animal food, and”—Patient (angrily): “No, yon don’t! I’ve suffered enough already on your old gruel and slops, and I’ll be hanged if I don’t sooner starve than begin on hay and oata! A Parisian Accent.—Spinster: “ Have yon a parrot that can apeak a little French r Dealer: “Certainlv, Madam.” (To parrot.) “ Polly, 6peak a little French for the lady. Polly: “ Oui, monsieur, rosbif, dammit—how a yourmuzzer:** Spinster (delighted) : “Oh, I will take him 1” Always Stick to the Truth.— James, said the milkman to his new boy, “ do you see what I’m a-doin’ of?” “Yes, sir,” replied James—“you’re a-puttin’ water in the milk. “No, I’m not, James—I’m a-ponria’ milk ra the water. So if any one asks you if I• put water in the milk, yon can tell ’em ‘No. Allers stick to tho truth, James.” HIS AFTEr.TIIOfGHT. “I’ll let you know to-morrow eve.” She Gaid, and closed the dcor. While Aspen, as he moved away, Thus mused the matter o'er: “ I know that I was awful skeored Before I popped, forfeur She'd send me kitin' with a * No * A ringing’ in my ear. “But since I’ve gone an asked the gal, And come to think, by jings! Of fam’ly jars I’ve heerd ’em say That marriage of *en brings, And 'bout the spouserhilities It alters has in store, I'm skeerder now that she’ll accept Than what I was before.” An Ahvaxtaoe.—Employer:. “Ten are having a decided flirtation with the girl who has charge of onr telephone wire.” Truthful Clerk (with cold chills running up and down his spine, and with visions of his discharge): “Y-e-c-s, air. But, please, sir’’—Employer: “ Well, keep it up. She will give more atten tion to our calls, if you do,” Pa Gave It Away.—Caller: “ Is your mother at home, my sou?” Boy: “No, mum.’* Caller: “ Did she go out for a drive ?” Boy: « Yes, mum. ’• Caller: “ 1 wonder if that waa her I saw just now turning the corner. What sort of a conveyance did she go out in ? Do you know?” Boy: “Yes, mum. I heard pa savjusta minute ago that she went off in a dudgeon.” AUOUT A CORK. I am a cork. Young in years, very young. One day 1 was taken from a bundle of other Pat into a bottle of champagne. Sent to the hotel Continental, Paris. Thrown on the floor of room 95. Lay there two days. Was picked up by Leon Gascon. He tried to put. me into a bottle of absinthe. I wouldn’t go in. Was cursed and thrown on tho floor again, icked by Leon when he reached for his re >1tlT, muttering : “ It is false ; good-bye, Next day was picked up by a chamber maid, brown out on the street. A ragpicker took me up. Sold me to a cork Was placed among other corks. Next day was trimmsd, pared, till I was & ;ry ghost of a champagne cork. Was sold to a druggist. Put into a pint jttle of eau do cologne. Bought by u lady. Placed in a dressing ease. Coufiued to a trunk. Shipped to New York, ut on a train. Jolted around by au express Taken out of the trunk, placed on the toilet .ble of a Prairie avenue belle. Careful y taken out and replaced each day for Began to grow spongy. Wrinkled m face. Lost my colour. Gr *w smaller, narrower, shrunken. Head softened. Lower extremities withered. A prey to microbes. A tremble. A glass stopper will tnke my placo to I go—where ? 