The Turf. In spite of the threatening state of the weather on Saturday there was a good attendance at the Bosehill races, and everything passed off satisfactorily. The track was in good order, and the special train accom modation being snfficent, town was reached at a sea sonable hour. The programme opened with the Granvflle Stakes, for which the topweight, Messen erer. -and Wvnella were most in demand. 4 to 1 being the best offer againBt them. Cavalier and lietta Lee found supporters at 7 to 1, and not a few thought Gingham had a chance. The punters were surprised, however, when the colors of Mr. S. Hor dern on Cannon showed to the front, and this being a 10 to 1 chance it looked as if was going to be a ' bookies'' day. The backers had little better hick in theHurdle. Explosion and Maneroo were in great demand at 5 to 1. Coghill was well backed at sevens, the same price being aceepted about Violin and Cascade, while eights could be had about Bncklev. and tens anv other. Cascade justi fied the expectations of his supporters, as he won comparatively easy from Buckley. The October Handicap was looked upon as a good thing for Little Berriiej and eo it proved, as he won pretty comfort ably. He started at 2 to 1 against. CaiaonesB was well backed, and fours was the best price obtainable about him, and a commission also went oat tor Hop Bitters, who finished fourth. On his form at Band %ick Clarence, with Nolan up, looked the best of good tilings for the steeplechase; hoWever, there were many who thought the Hawkesbury Hurdle winner, Idle Boy, with Longford up, a safe investment, while Bushman found a - host of supporters at 4 to 1. The last-named rained his ..chance soon after the start, as he threw his rider at the water jump. The 10 to 1 chance, The Ghost, made the running for about a mile and three quarters, whenhe'felL Clarence then took np the running, and going steadily won comfortably from Artist and Atlantic. Tallaroi was made an* even money favorite for the Selling Race, while 5 to 2 was accented about Southerly Buster. The winnerturned up .in the 7 to 1 chance, Neotsfield, who was followed home by Southerly Buster and TallaroL The last race of the day was the Flying Welter Handicap, for which the public fancied Spy glass's chance at 3 to 1. A large sum of money was put. on Brown and Gold, and at the finish Mr. O'Connor's mare disputed the position of favoritism with Mr. S. Hordem's horse. Latonia was fancied at 5 to 1, and Komisch was backed for a small amount at eights. After Moorefield had made the .running to the turn Spyglass shot oat, and beat him home by three lengths. The followiner fines were inflicted on Saturday at Epsehill : Conlon, the rider of Messenger, £5, for disobedience at the post; and the owners of Albert and Cavalier JB2 each, for starting tbeir horses in wrong colors. The final forfeit for the V.A.T.G. Caulfield Cap must be declared at or before 4 p.m. to-morrow. Nominations will close for the Williamstown Cup to-day. little Bernie left by rail last evening for Victoria to fulfil his engagements there. Mr. George Kiss reports the sales by auction : On account of Mr. J. P. Clift, b g, by Sir William from Lady Jessy, by Mail Train (imp.), for 24gs to Mr. Stubley ; on account owners, Roasdhu, br stallion, by John Boll {imp.) from Dignity, for 28gs to Mr. E. McCarthy ; and, by private contract, the well-known ' trotting horse J H, at a satisfactory price. : Entries close at 10 o'clock to-night for the 14 trot to'.be held at Lillie Bridge next Wednesday. Scarcely any business was transacted at TattezsalTs Boom on Saturday evening. After their defeats in the Caulfield Stakes, Bungebah and Paris were easier in the market for the CanlfieldCap^uid 100 to 10 against each was offered without response. It was difficult to obtain 4 to 1 about Autonomy for the Vic toria Derby, and nothing was done in connection with the Melbourne Cap save that Correze and Penance were inquired for at 100 to 7 each. The many mends of Jimmy Ashworth, the clerk of the 'course, who had one of his thighs broken at War wick Farm races on Thursday last, will be pleased to hear that he is progressing favorably at Prinee Alfred Hospital.. T. Ladkey, clerk of the course to the Bosehill Boeing Club, and huntsman to the Sydney Hunt Club, has expressed his willingness to perform Ashworth's duties during his illness, and to hand over the salaries to the veteran. . A trotting and race meeting will Jje held at the Lillie Bridge grounds to-night, when an interesting programme of five .events will be played out. The firatrace will start at 8.15, and trams and 'buses will run tb-the gates at frequent intervals; : . . W. Webster, who had the mount on Lady Ida in the hnrale race at Bosehill on Saturday, had his collar-bone broken, owing to the mare having fallen. The jockeys on the other horses that f efl escaped un* injured. . 