HOW SHATL TVE DECIDE THIS I QUESTION 1 NaIn, udtich is the esorse-to hoe no s ,appetit for your dinner, or to laes o y p doaerfsr frnour appeit e! There ate lts of peole ou thbtone ide or the eater of this ueston. When agood digestiom asits on appeti e. and health on bint,"that is the ideal atituede of a person to-ardts his meals. lint mostof as are no t bhlesed in that way; we either hare too much foad without an anpeae, or a rigar o05 appetite withont enonch to sarit is t. Dfereant folk will answer this cnestion dif iey ,yet the e mmon sense f it is !th--. is hiti iuasonahTe linits, iis beatter to bae an appetite without a dinner, because, sha:o of the staration line, a hansrry mas is a teoli mlatrsibeleesa man 'ho onrbt to eat and doesn't feel like etinag. satands in need oft aleateions and repaies' To - flltate. We reentir reaeirei a commenicadion inwhich the anitereas. "I rassaiid io eat" Did he fzner hi; fcod was wiisoonl, or did Ia s Ie is e rebel against the nomishment lined on! If the inner why! ? Let him clear the mysterr himselt lie saTs -Inthe earlI1eha59 I mYr work frmm z al'rar patter to sirnalan. I had been signalman Lwelre monthy. and then allat once, so to speak, I iiid nst feel n e My momth tasted- bad. so that ordnarr articles of diet seemed to lose thei desor; the p re to put it in thst war appened to hsaenotin es to rtothem. Onete 'rwas like another iand none was -orld. Mr sonerasoenated and fered, with a dark line down the middle and yellow fr ronnd it. My breath was offensite and 2 apype ite par With lmno tnrough the chest and shouldes,-whieh were aliways mtitt before I hads eaten anything. Then I was goreaty troubled tir' wind. - It rnold eather so it felit like a ball in mT thra, and as as if it wonld choke ma. We cannot wonder that nnder these cir emstances nerifoendfailed to do jestice to his means. He adds that rhee ras wint be calls "a poricing sensation" at his heart as thogh it were tomhed with some Thasrp instrman it hen, again, at times he wan aattcke ibth spasms, the agony of whic wasi sereneii that the sweat rolled of him I dresced,"besa-s, s the thought of ad tng, andn nanya seantr neal harei forl an s af1i to eat" Aftera lime I got into a low w'eek, net rons conadieon, and felt miserable, as something wasn- going to happen, and this cansedonhee lhne a qoad deal of sleep" Whaxft means by the fear of 'saometi goingtouppen. is, of eose i the fear o£ some calamyi , sar as the oss of his pad tion, hsoadsw eath. or the death some.d dear to him.. Ts was due, as-be intimates to thieimperezised sante of his blood (the lifehbearer). his nstreng nerree. and to the Staein enfeebled by lackof Ssomishment. The night in ibis form of ilness is ali-as fell of ghosts and goblins the aenoew of a rest- less and engo'reseed imaginatios With t=er =iif cflsty," he sys. I stice to my work, for 1 had a wife and famiyi depenedte a -e-· -so !ngiosf mon abt what I safered for oser riso Tearsis pat my sowers of deciption. I am ase no one bssuifsr sai an mth as I bare done: " In the latter statement be is eidotbtely wrone. One's own pain is one's own, and is roways herder to hear than isoaes sualio of his neigbor's pain. There is a coentless nmltid"ie who are =11 the while -oing 1 throgh the same retbhed experience, otly we dooit happen to come in tonch with them. WetL the ar-ter finaily nentions thnat ate all medical trentment had left him wiers it found him, he cthi ced to read in a bs.t of- c nse ezactlr like his own bating been c-rei br l her -el's Srop. "3 wif"- h-e sr. " a: me a bottle at Mr Lanrsta s,.i in Wa:lIesort. and after sing its- rontens he :2meat left me and has tesT"- "'omei "c'e that fotrrnate day. I shoad like te while world to Snow what it dil for t' I ?are tin empl-rei byr the MililantI lint-'e C::mr=-2- f:.r eleri Te-rs. (Ei-_ed) - -0OtEGt liet. \- Cr.r otttsm Road. SApprtls Bn-idz, ttar Leedsk' We pebish this by Ml. H, rms desire, in trier tht part of the w.rld at least may ktIw hns th--fe l he is and for ahat reason. Sare money by sending to Lincoln, Stnart & Cc. L d., Flinders street, Mel b: 'nne, the larest tailloring establishment in thie city. A genuine all-wool snit to measore, 42. Ask for their hbook on the "Pihtloscophy of Dress"; they will post it to you free; also patterns, and intrac titns for self-measurement 