bnder's'ehteFce IN .NORFOLK ISLAND. AKTIIKSYU' KECOKBM. *4? No. 13. C05YICT CUillLES MOOSEY. laths ybar 1830 a Btrango oatrogo was committed in Malahido, Ireland, which for a year bafSad all iffortB of the authorities to discover tha parpotratora. Tho otimo that was carried out was ono that ia now prac tically unknown, bat at that poriod waa of frequent ooonrrenoo end gavo tiee to many disgraceful oiroumstnncos. U waa that ol body en?tohing, end tho Malah'ido outrage waa carried ont under extraordinary end poeuliar Burroundinge. A gentleman Domed Talbot Edwards had tor many ycaia resided in Malahido. Ha was ru elderly baoholor in 183G, and of very eccentric habits, and it was.generally under, stood that he waa possessed o! considerable wealth. In th'o summer of that year he took'eerioualy ill, arid his only attendant was an old housekeeper who had oome to tho dls triet with him nearly twenty joaia previously; Edwards' illneea booamo bo serious that ft doctor had to be called in, who bluntlj told his patient to prepare himself for. the worst and arrange hia worldly affairs it be had not already done bo. The dying man on reoelv ingthi? intimation at onoe had a messenger diapatohed to Dublin for a certain attorney whom ho wished to draw up hia will. In duo oonrse this man (one Miohael Hardy) ar rived and remained with Edwards until his death, wbioh took plaoo a few days after. Tho will waa a most ourious doooment. Amongst other thinga it provided that a watch ol three approved men should be kept at his grave day and night for three months, in order to prcvout the successful operations of the " resurrection men," aa the guoul.liko body unatahers wore called. A substantial legacy waa left to the housokeoper, and tha attorney and these two persons wero ap pointed the executors of the will. In tho event of th" eir not faithfully carrying out the trust roposed in them, tho testator in another clause invoked terrible maledictions on their heade. Thoee who know the. Irish oharaoter and the superstitious' reverence they pay to the requests of the dying, oven when not acootn ponied by ourses or threats of " haunting," will rqadily belioye that the housekeeper end the attorney complied in every respect with Edwards' requests. Hardy soleoted three men to watoh the grave, as provided in the will, end one o! tho three was a farm laborer named Charles Mooney. Uo livod in a small osbin near tho cemetery, and was employed by the surrounding farmers whoa they required help. He had the reputation ol being on excellent workman, with en Hibernian's fondness for whisky, and in 1836 ho was 41 years, but a bachelor. Hα was glad to aooept tha position of gtavojwatohor, aa a vory liberal payment was offered, although ho would havo preferred earning it in some other manner than by mounting guard in a ohurchyard over the mortal remains of a man about whom some qnoer stories bad been* told. The Irish ohar&oter; it might be Enid is a Btrango mix ture of superstitious cowardice and dare-devil oonrogo. Half a ccntuay ago it was quite a common thing for otalwart young men visiting a farm house of an evening, where soma old orano might happen tonarjsa.to ghost stories, to re main at the house all night, as they were too frightened to go homo in. tho darknoss. These same men would subsequently become tho finest soldiers and Bailors in the wotld, performing doe da of heroism equal to tho legends of Greek or Soman warriors. Like Biohard 111., shadows at night had more terrors tor them than the substance of ton thousand men, but, unlika the hunohbaok usurper, the fears wero not induced by an ovll arid acouslng oonsoienoo. Charlas Aloonoy was a fair type ot his countrymen, and though his now occupation waa eaey onough in tho daylight it was vory repugnant to him at night. The men had to take a ebilt of eight hours oaoh in tho twenty four. Whother Moonoy'a 00-watohera did as he did is not pcrtiuont to the history of tho event, but it is ocrtain that Charles, tho farm laborer, when on night watch carried with him a flask ol " poteen," and when darkness set ia he slunk away back to his cabin, and sallied out again when he had ar ranged to meet his relief. In fact, Moonoy did not watoh at all at night, and his vory venial offence was destined to meet with an awlnl rotribution. It happened that Moonoy had to tako the watoh from 10 p.m. until G a.m., on tho first week Bitot the interment, and for three nights everything passed off all right, as the watobor simply put in an appearance at ten o'olook and cix o'clook respectively. On the morning of the fourth ot Ostobcr, IS3G, he left bis oabin, where he had spent the night instead ol at tho grave, and walked over to the ehurobyard. It was a littlo after fivo o'olock and not yet daylight, but tho twilight rendered objeots distinctly visible. Ho sauntered slowly up to tha grave, but when he got. near it ho stoppod in horror, for tho freshly thrown up earth dearly showed that it had been opened. Without stopping to eeo it tho coffin still remained he ran madly to tho oabin ot tho man who had to relievo Mm, and the two returned to tho grave wiioro it'was at onoo seen the "Boeurreo tionistg " had boon at work and oarriod off tho dofunot oooupant. Attornoy Hardy had not yet left Malahido, and the two men at onoo proooedod to him and told what bai happened. " What wore you doing to allow ouch a thing, .Mooney. It was your watoh was it not ?" tho lawyer asked, with a severe tnd eeorching look on his faoo. Thinking that it was boot to tell the truth, especially as do more watching would be ncoossary. Moonoy inlormod Hardy that ho waa too frightened to remain in the ohurohyard at night, and that from a fow rainnton past 10 p.m., until almost daylight that morning ho had boon absent at his op.bia.. Tho attornoy said very little, but aa soon db pojsiblo ho went to tho houso of Franoia Talbot, a magistrate, living in the place, and had-a long conversation with him about the outrage. A olose search was at onoo made, and during the day tho body of Edwards was found at tho western end ot tho ceme tery, tho coffin being covered with a few inohoa of earth, and lying beaido tho mound was a spado with tho namo o! "Moonoy" out on tho banOlo. The body had eoaroely been disturbed, and it seemed str≱ that the men who had gono to all the trouble and danger (tor thoy oould bo shot down liko mad doge it caught at the work) should havo left tho objeol of their risky enterprise behind them without the slightest apparent reason. A etrango and unexpootod explanation was noon given of the cause which induced tho resurrootlonista to leave their ghastly booty bohind them, for both Hardy and the old housokeepot swore before Magistrate Talbot. that a thousand Ruineas had neon buried In the coffin with Edwards. Thie was ono of tho moat Bolomn requests of tho eocontric old man, and about the non-fulQlmont ot which the maledictions had been included in tho will. Tho body.-snatehcra wore, donbtlesa, well aeqqalntod with the MaUhide oburobyard and the latest bjuial that had taken place Ihoreln. Finding that the grave was not watered, aa supposed, thoy had violated it, end on oponing tho coffin at tho opposite side ii! the cemetery bad found tho monoy in it. A thousand guineas was a most welcome and unoxpeated haul, and rondored tho grave, robbers Independent ot their usual eourco of rovenuo. liaatily throwing a littlo oarth over tho coffin, they had disappeared, leaving c niy tho spado behind thoro. This was admitted to bo Moonoy'e by the man himself, and the airoumstancea sur rnnnding it were very Buspioiou3. Tbo Jullotv was paid to wutah tho grave on tho ?i.;ht it was ononoa and there was only bia own assertion thai ho was not present when, tho act was oommitted. It was more-than likely that Moonoy was an accessary to the, outrego and had received a substantial bnbe to aid it, and tho result waa tnai the nnfor tunate iarm laborer was arrested on the capital charge and tried at the following SEBizCB. Although the most diligent en quiries and soorch was mado no actual proof coald bo found that tho man had received any money, nor oould any be found oancealcd. It waa purely a oaso of oiraumstantiel owdenco, and a very strong Case without doubt. Tho iudeo hold the prisoner's rofusal to ssy who woro hia companions in the outrage—on the plea that he did not know any moro than tho fudge himself—to be aheer obstinooy. and he told tho jury as much. Mooney's explana tion that She spado must have been taken from the " ekillion " in whioh he placed it was characterised aa absurd, and on the judge's adverse summing np a verdict ol gnilty was returned, and a sentence ot penal, servitude for lifo imposed. Two months after ho sailed ?in tho conviot ship " Groat Southern " for Van Dieman's Land to begin hia torrible punishment of life transportation, and even the horrors of the tedious voyage passed unnoticod, for the blow had partly stupefied him, and he was as one in a dream. Many years afterwards (in 1851) tho true facts ot tho " body-snatohing " wero revealed, but it waa too lato to vindioate the innocent man, who at that dato had long passed through hia awtul pilgrimage in the convict Hottlements. It appears that there woro four mon ooncerned in the outrage. Two of them were medical etudenta of Dublin, in rather poor oiroumstances,butwho required a " subjoot," and at all risks wore determined to have one, and the other two were residents of Malahide. One of them—a small farmer was actually on the jury that found Moonoy guilty. This person waa' intimate with_ tho convioted man, and knew from conversations with him that ?he waa engaged to watoh Edwards' gravo, but, from a hint that Mooney gave him after imbibing a few glassee of whisky, ho knew tbo roan would : not stick to his post at ni?ht. The students mot this struggling farmer and induced him by o fairly liberal offer to help them .in cb taining what they wanted, and he (Donegan) got the assistance of a man who was in hia employ to help for a consideration. .On the night that the outrage was committed Donegan went to Moonoy'e oabin to ascertain it tho owner waa Inside, and through a chink at tho end he saw tho supposed wetohor Bit ting at tbo table on which a rush light bnrned enjoyingtho oontents ol hia " poteen " bottle. Mooney had, in foot, only returned a short while from the oometery, Recollecting that ho had forgotten to bring a epado Donegan sesrohed round tho premises of tho nogligent watohor, and in a " skiilion " found tho ono with tho fatal word " Moonoy " on it. After exhuming the body, they carried it to whore it waa tonnd, and on oponing the ooflin to remove it wero astonished _to_ die cover the guineas. A satisfactory division waa soon made and tho object ot the mission soon forgotten, for the etadents oould now easily buy a " subjaet" without running tho risk of being hanged. In 1851 Donogan wan strioken by a fatal illness, and he confessed tbo substance ot the above narrative to tho priest who attended him. Theclorgyman advised him to make it public, bo that tardy juutios might bo done to Mooney. That poor wrotoh and victim had Bunk into oblivion, so far as tho people ol Malahido wero concerned, and it waa not known that ho was dead. The dying farmer mado hie declaration to tho Hon. Franoie Talbot, who years boforo had taken a magis terial part in the body-snatohingotEdwarda, and tbat geutlomap at onoc brought the matter before the proper authorities only to bo informed, montha afterwards, that " Con vict Gharles Mooney, prieon number 2190, per ship Great Southern, had died r.t Norfolk Island by judicial process on the 3rd. of No vetnbor, 1818." The victim had been eaorl ficed, and the death-bed expiation ot Donegan —and suoh remorse is roally no expiation— was six years too late to benefit Mooney. Tho names of Donegan'e associates were never revealed, and no attempt was made to disoover them, for it would only havo shown with a very lurid light thnt net only is tho law frequently " a haaa," but that sometimes it is comparable to a very bloodthirsty animal that must have a victim. On tbo 7th of July, 1837, Convict.Mooney arrived at Hobart Town, and for a month he was plaoed in tho barracks, preparatory to being sent to Port Aithur prieon; but ho was not destined to go there. His unjust seu tenoe had changed the current of his life in a remarkable manner. From being a harm loss, goo'd-nntured, easy-going fellow ho had bcoome a morose anddangerou? man; his good qualities had been dried up by the fiery blast of misfoitano whioh had swept over him. He felt that death would be a meroiful release from the lifo that lay in front ot him, and which as yet he did not even know the full horror of. His advent to the Hobart Town barracks was not oaloulatod to remove the gloomy and ferooioua thoughts whioh filled hia mind. Tho officials at Hobart Town wero mo?tly venal and cruel. They treated the felons muoh worse than they used their dogs or the pigs whioh they tod with tho prisoner's rations. It waa not in Moonoy's naturo to stand tbo brutal insolence and re fined oruolty of bis gaolers, and ho had only been in the barracks throe days when ho violently assaulted an official, but not until ho was almost forced to do bo. It appears that a constable named Walsh had mado himself very obnoxiona to the batch ot oonviote who bad arrived by tho Groat Southern. Mora thau once bo had boaoted tbat ho intended getting them a tasta ot tbo lash, as he considered they were not full fledged oonviote until they had received at least a " ooo) fifty." Although one of tho lowest subordinates, tho System allowed him a groat deal ot authority over tho hapless wretohee who wero doomed to oomo within its draoonian provieions. By practising a few ounning Bubterfugee ho had practically tbo power of life and death over them, for he could Road them on to a point ot doepera tion; wbon losing ooDtrol ol themselves thoy would attack their guards, and oither bo shot down or banged subsequently, Three days aftor the prisoners had been landed from the Great Southern six of thorn were engaged in the barrack yard, under Constable Walsh, laying down stono pitching. Oao of the prisoners waa a septagenarian named Had docks, and the Britinh*government might well have allowed him to die in England, lor hie days were dearly numbered. Ho was ex ceedingly tecblo, while his palsied haud and cmaoialed frame mado it abundantly evident that he was absolutely unfit tor hard work. Ho struggled hard to set tho large and heavy pitohors, but his efforts did not pro duoo muoh result. Walsh spoko several times to him in c rough and brutal manner, urging him to work harder, and at last he gave tho trembling old man a push whioh Bom him .on bis face. Moonoy was working booide Maddocke, and, impelled by indigna tion, bo told Walsh he was a " cowardly brute." The constable instantly drew his club and struok tha supposed body-snataber a violent blow with it on tho head, and tho latter instantly sprang at the official and furiously diisbed him baokwards. Ho would probably have killed the rallianly constable had not assistance promptly arrived; and after beating Moonoy on tho head until he was unconscious, the constables, who oeme to their comrade's rescue, carried tbo prisoner away, and, placing him in a cell, chained him to the etono floor to await the ploasure of the police magistrate uho would try him and mete out what ho considered adequate punishment for so gravo an offenaa as as saulting a oODstablowb.oB3 person tho Syetcm held to be sacred. \- For a week Msonoy did net appear boforo P.M. Marston, for ho wan under tbo doctor's care, who caid that bio skull was slightly fractured, but at tho end of that period bo was brought into tho august preeence. Next week tho corks of conviol roeorde will be continued under ibc title ot "Stony llcart?." Thia will oontinuo and concludo tho story ot Gonviot Moonoj's wieokcd lifo, 60il will bo o! oxcentionuUnterc?i 