LATE SPORTING. TBy Mascotte.1 Tho annual general mooting of the Hay New Year's Race Club will be held to- night at the Calodouian Hotel, Crichton, who won the Maiden Stakes at Rand wick on Tuesday, is full brother to Me W. Tysons old black domon Simon, the hero of many a hard-fought battlo. Oxide promises to be as unlucky a horie as U13 o.io wniuuujx. Tho Syduoy Cup winner, Stromboli, by Choslor from Etna, was shipped on Tuesday for Normiuby stud, Queensland, whither he goos to do stud duty. The Martini Henri— Leonie maro Litigant has gone on a visit to the English horse Eiridspord at St Albans, but will continue for some timo iu traiuiug. Mrs James While has re-purchased tbe racing maro Proludo, which goos at once to tho Kirkham stud. Prelude's first foal by Aborcorn, with which she will first be mated, will, it is understood, become the property of Mr V. J. Dowling, Prelude'* late owner, Linburn is doing a good preparation for the Uaulfield Cup. Bungebah's e%sy victory in tho Sgring, Stakes has turnod attontion to his chance in the Caulfiold Cup, which with 9st Gib up he mutt havo a Bplondid ono. I fancy he will soo a short price, but I'm moro for Paris. It has boon a caso of ' down went M'Gioty' with metropolitan tipsters lately. Frantic's dual win at Randwick lately, stamps him as a tradesman of the first water. It came as a surprise. Charlio Lawis* friends will be pleased to hear that ho scored his first win since hisacci dont at Epsom ou Friday, when he steered Me Cook's Yarran to victory in the Mor dialloc Handicap. Tbe son of Epigram, who started nt 6 to 1, romped home an easy winuer by half-a- dozen lengths, the watch registering lmin. 45sec, for the milo. Accident, Cusdin up, was placed second, and tbo sensational' Titan, on whom all eyes were rivotted, just maoagod to squeeze himself into third posi tion. His Caulfield Cup chance now lo-ks very shady. Earlier in tho day, . Lewis fiuisbod a good socoud on The Doctor in the Epsom Handicap, won by Berrigan. Frank Cox has boon giving Narandera , cueists a t.nte of his quality, as he won his hoat in A. Lynch's Billiard Tournament last woek by 50 pts, and compilod tho largest break, 38. Cox won his second heat on Mon day night, putting up a 42 break. He is now a warm favorite for the final. S, H. Bloomfield's Rufup, ridden by J, E. Brower, won tho £50 hunter's contest nt the Wagga Show. BoramboU (winner - of the last Albury Stooplechasc) was nicely handled by Mr Tom Cjx, arid secured second prize. Tho doable, Atitouomy and Camoole, has boon well backed for tho Victoria Derby and Molbourno Cap, nod t'le Utter colt has also during tho past day or two bosn supported straight out for tho two mile race. Tho fame of Mr S. Miller's steeplechaser, Redleap, Ins roached England. A day or two ago a gentleman well-known in racing circles in Melbourne received a cable message from an English sportsman asking Redleap's price with a view to purchase. Mr Miller was at onco communicated with, but ho declined to put a prico on tho winner of four Grand Na tional ovonts. llo is uot desirous of parting with tho son of Dante. An exchange says : — The groat John L. Sullivan has beon extinguished nt last I The world owos Oorbott a dabt of gratitude. Alarm was ono of tbo last to finish in the Epsom Handicap, 5 furlongs, at Epsom on i«naay. ine distance wis negotiated by Berrigan in lmin. 5£*ec. The Bulletin «aya : 'Augur' Chapman is' obviously hard to replace.' If this be true, his 'ghost' maybe procured in Narandera,, for there is a sporting ecribo there who re joices undor tho notn do plume of ' Auear'a Ghost.' The 41 Old ,Unt' who it cousidered to be the 'bo-e' tipster, has had a dream. He 'dreamt' ho picked up tho last lotter of the alphabet in a pub bar. Forthwith his scrip- * tural knowledge came to his aid, and he said onto himself, ,4The first shall bo last, and the last first ; yea, vorilv, will I back Zalinski for the Melbourne Cup.' Associate foil in the Kensington Handicap at Randwiok on Saturday whilo running se cond, nnd apparently having a good chance of winning. He started at 8 to 1. Frautlo loft the paddock at 10's. Charlio Lewis is rapidly coming to tho front again, and forthwith it is his admirers' wish to see him in tho ' vau of. the battle.' Lewis scored a socond and a third at the V.A.T.C. meeting on Saturday on The Friend aud Tho Harbor Light respectively. The invincible Meg won again at Caul field on Saturday, and Titokowaru added the Steeplechase to his credit. Ouida, dain of Strathmoro, dropped a filly foal to Hotchkiss on tho 29th ult. Mr Goo. Hill, tho owner of Marrel, has been having, vory indifferent health lately. Marvel appears to bo '{ off colour' too. The Bulletin says their tip of Mootor for tbe Molbourno Cup of '88 was inspired by Mick O'Brien's splendid faith in the staying power of tho gamo son of old Swiveller. Even Donald WaIIiico, usually tho mo*t saoguino of ownem, couldu't bo porsnaded that .Mentor was such ft ' good thine' as tho jockey do claro'l him to bo boforo tho raco. JBut Mick had mado no mistnko. Tho samo journal also Bays It was a troat to aoo O'Uri c u finish on Gardenia, and a roal pity that sho broke do»n Bhortly boforo Chicago', Caulfiold Cap. That was to have boon Gardonia's journey. Ths Bulletin was miking roady to 'fire off' a splmidid 'tip,' whon I'rovidonco intorforod. In connection with tho Gundagai mco moot ing, tho foilowiiii; woichts havo boon doclnrod. for tho BoriiiR Handicap.— Rivorsdalo 8.12, Dauby 7.12, Uu Might 7.9, Hormit 0.12. Stolleridean fi. 1 0, Oxley 0.0. Now Zsaland papors report tho doath of th« woll-known siro Lo Loup, tho proporty of Mr V. II. Tagsart. An inauguration mooting of tho Huy Oriental Crickot Club was hold at tho Calc doniun Hotol on Monday evening, Mr \V. T. Hills being in tho chair. A good muster of knights of tho willow were present, nnd the mooting was a most enthusiastic one. Mr W, O'Haiiloii, who was present, offered a but to bo presented to the player who made tho highest batting average during tho season. A hearty vote of thanks was ac corded to Mr O'Hanlon, who suitably res ponded. Ho said ho would wntch the pro §ress of this young club keenly, and take a eep interest in its welfare. Tho following officers wero olectcd President, Mr W. O'Hanlon ; vice-president, Mr W. T. Hills ; accrotary, Mr F. Sadler ; treasurer, Mr EL Camper ; committee, Messrs Turner, A. Sadler, H. Trollope, W. Hopkins, and Emer son. Tho membership fee was fixed at 5s, The socrotary was iiiBtruoted to write to tho Hay Half-Holiday C.O., asking for their co operation. Mr Maitland's services as secre tary pro tan were suitably acknowledged, nndatter MrO'Hanlon had proposed a vote of thanks to tho chairman, in which the meet ing heartily concurred, and eulogised in pleasing terms his qualities as a sportsman, the meeting dispersed. Tho racehorse Mitchell, who proved a dis appointment, was sold at Bacchus Marsh (Vic.) on Wednesday, for £10. A valuable addition to tho blood stock of Australia has beon rnido by tho arrival of tho Austral, which bus brought the stallion Par Nieute, purchased in England by Mr Dan Cooper for Mr Geo. Hill. Far Niento ia 5 years old (English ago), a brown horse, by Galliard (ninnor of thoTwo Thousand Guinea Slakes in 1880), from Ioftus, by Doncaster — Lsdy Alice, and in tho old country was a fairly gaol performer, winning several racos for Lord Ponrhju, who bought him as a yearling for 1300 gns from bis breeder, SirR. Jardioe. On the voyage, Far Nionte, who in jured his groom in a moment of bAd temper, received the attention of Mr A. P. Gibbon veterinary surgeon, ot Sydnoy. 