THE WHITE SHE-WOLF. BY GILBERT CAMPBELL. « Quite well, dear papa," answered the child; "but where is tho fine whito wolf-skin that you promised me." '« Your fathor did not find her, 1 answered Ravina, with a little laugh ; " the white wolf was not so easy to catch ns ho fancied." \lexis had movel a few steps nearer to the lady, and was listening with grave attention to every word sho ultorcd. '• Are whito wolves so difficult to kill, then r """"itseoms so, my little man," returned the lady, " sinco y°ur fat'lor a'"* a" tne sot's °* Kostopchin were unabla to do bo." " I have got a pistol that good old Miclial has taught mo to fire, and I am sure I could kill her if evor I got a sight of her, 1 observed Alexis, boldly. . "There's a brave boy,' returned Ravina with one of her shrill laughs ; " and now, won't you come and »it on my knee-, for I am very fond oflittlo boys?" . " No, I don't like you," answered Alexis, after a'moment's consideration, "for Michal " Go to your room, you insolent young bmt," brofce in his father, in a voico of thunder; "you spend so much of yonr time with Michal and tbo sorfs that you have learned all their boorish habits." Two tiny tears rolled down the boy's cheeks aa in obedience to his father's orders ho turned about and quitted tho room, whilo Ravina darted a strange look of disliko after him, As soon, however, as tho door had closed, tho fair woman addressed Katrina. " Well, perhaps you will not be so unkiud to me as your brother," said sho ; " come to me," and as she spoke Bhe held out her arms. Tho little girl came to her without hesitation, and began to smoothe tho silken tressei which wero coiled and wreathed around Ravina's head. "Pretty, pretty,"she murmured ; "beauti ful lady." " You see, Paul Sergevitch, that your little daughter has taken to me at once," remarked Ravina. " She has taken to you in a most wonderful manner," remarked Paul, with a pleased smile; "you have quito obtained possession of her heart." " Not yet, whatever I may do later on," an swered the woman, with her strange, cold smile. Presently, the child grew tired of her new acquaintance, and sliding dawn from her knee, [ crept from tho room in search of her brother Alexis. Paul and Ravina remained silent for a few momenta, and then tho woman broke the silence. " All that remains for mo now, Paul Sergc vitch, is to trespass on your hospitality, and to »sk you to lend mo sumo disguise, and assist me to c.-.in tho nearest post-town, which, I think isViticski.' " And why should you wish to leave this at all i" demanded Paul, a deep flush rising to his check; "you aro perfectly sifo in my house, and if you attempt to leave Kustopchin, you will inevitably fall into tho hands of the yolice." sss^^flUaal ifittV"'''"'' T|" **-" tUum wheie Pfl^i'WWWu' I.' ijduUiSsj^iwiui, with an "irunieal inunction in tho terra o&Jicr; voic-;. " I never thought—that is :" stammered the nun. ;• "•' '" No, you never thought tint I could road ; "it so plainly." pursued tho woman, pitilessly : " i>ut it is the truth that I havo told you, and MHiner than remain an inmate o' your house, I would leave it, oven if all the yiDlice of Russia rtoiwl ready to arrest .1113 on its very thres hold." " Stay, Ravina," ejclaimoJ Paul, nu tho irijiiiiin made a stop tonr.irdn the door ; 1 do not My whether your reacting of my thoughts is right or wront;, but heforu you leave, listen to me. I tell yon plainly tiiat from the tint mo ra<ntihat I set eyes on you, a Btran^o new feeling has risen up in my heart—not tho cold thing that society calls iov, but n burning, resistless flood which flo>ivs down like molten lava from the volcano* crater. Stay Kavina, be my wife—you are safe> enough from all pur suit here." " And duos Paul Sargovitch actually mean to oiler his hand to a woman whoso name he does not even know, and of witoso feelings toward him he is entirely ignorant ?" nsked tha woman, with her customary mocking laugh. "What do I caro fop namo or birth 1" re turned he, hotly; " I have enough for both, and as for love, my passion would socu kindlo tome sparks of it in yone breast, cold and frozen aa it may now be." " Let mo think a little," said Ravina, and, throwing herself into an arm chair, she buried her face in her han'js and seemed plunged in deep reflection ; "listen,"sho said, at last; "I have thought over your proposal seriously, and, upon certain conditions, I will consent to be come your wife. At tbo present moment, I have no inclination for you, but, on the other hand, I feel no repugnance for you. I will re main hero a month, and during that timu I will remain in a suite of apartments which you will have prepared for we. Every evening I will visit you hero for two hours, and upon your leaking your.-ielf agreeable, my ultimate decision will depend." " And suppose "that decision should be an un favorable one V asked Paul. '• Then," answered Ravinn, with a ringing laugh, " I shall, as you say, leave this and take your heart witli me." •' Theso are hard conditions," remarked Paul; " why not shorten tho time of proba tion ?" "My conditions are unalterable," answered Ravina. with, a littlo stamp of the foot; "do you anrto toflliem or not ?" "I hive no alternative," answered he, sul ltnlv. The days sjpped slowly and wearily away, lint Ravina showed no *igns of relenting. Every evening;, according to lier bond she spent two hours with l'aul nn;l made herself most agreeable, listening to his far-fetched compli ments and asseverations of love and tenderness fiiluT with ;i cold amilo or with ono of her iii'eking laughs. She refused to allow Paul to visit her in her own apartments, and the only intruder she permitted there, cave the servants wai littlu Katrina, who had taken a strange fancy to the fair woman. AleCcia, on the con trary, avoided her as much aB he possibly could and tho pair hardly ever met. Meanwhile, carious rumors began to be circu lated regarding the strange proceedings of the lady who occupied the suite of apartments which had formerly belonged to tha wife of the mvner of Kostopchjn. The servants declared that the food sent up, though hacked about and cut up, was novep tasted, but that the raw meat in the larder was frequently missing. Strange bounds wero often heitrd to issua from the rooms as tho panic-stricken serf* hurried last the corridor upon which the doors opened, and dwellers in tho house were frequently dis turbed by the howlingsof wolves, the footprint! 0! wVicli were distinctly visible lite next morn in?, and, curiously enough, inr-iriably in the eardens facing the wcit side of tha house in which the lady dwelt. Littlo Alexis, who found no eauourageraent tc 'it vcith Ms father, was naturally thrown a great deal among the serfs, and heard the subject dis eased with many exaggerations. One of hii most treasured possessions was on old brass mimitcd cavalry pistol, a present from Michal this he had learned to load, and I>y using bott hands to the cumbrous weapon, could contrivi >° fire it off, as mauy an ill-starred sparroi could attest. With his mind constantly dwel H' upon the terrible tale* h* twdsogmdilj Intoned to, the pistol became hi* daily compan ■on, whether he ni wandering' along th< corridors of the home or wMtentftntoafh tb «nU*»d ifanbtaMi of tte pritasvy. For a fortnight mutton went on 11 this manner, Paul becoming more and more in fatuated by the cliarmi of this strange woman. To satisfy a whim of hen, he had even dis missed old Michalfrom his office and forbidden him to approach the house. But the faithful old servant, whose loto for tho children was stronger than his fear of punishment, took to wander at night about the exterior of the great wliito houco, urged on by some feeling for which he could in m» wine accoiu.t. One evening, as Michal was making mi accustomed tour of inspection, the wail of a child struck upon his oar. Ho bent down his head and easily listened ; again he heard the faint sounds, nnd in them ho recognised the accents of little Katrina. Hurrying up to ouo of the ground floor windows in Raviuas apartment, from which a dim light streamed, he pressed his faco against the pane and looked steadily in. A horrible sight presented itself to his gaze. By the faint light of • shaded lamp, he saw Katrina stretched npon the ground; but her wailing had now ceased, for a shawl had been tied across her little mouth. Over her was bending a hideous ihape, which seemed to be clothed in some white and shaggy cohering. Katrina lay peifectly motionless, «nd the hands of the figure were engaged in hastily removing the garments from tho child's breast. The task wai soon effected ; then there was a bright gleam of steel, and the head of the thing bent closely down to the child's bosom. Wilh a yell of apprehension, the old man dashed in the window-frame, and, drawing tho cross from his breast spraug boldly into the room. Tbo croaturo sprang to ita feet, and, the white fur-cloak falling from ita head and shoulders, disclosed the pallid features of Ravins, a thort, broad knife in her hand, and the lips dif colored with blood. " Vile eorceres I" cried Michal, dashing for ward anil raising Katrina in hii arms ; " what hellish work are you abont ?" Ravina's eyes gleamed fiercely npon tho old man, who had interfered between her and her prey. She raised her dagger and was about to spring upon him when sue caught sight of the cross in his extended hand With a low cry she dropped the knife and staggered back. Michal paid but little heed to her, for bo was busily engaged in examining the faulting child, whose head was resting helplessly on his shonlder. There was a wound over the left breast from which the blood was flowing; but the injury appeared slight, and not likely to prove fatal. As soon a* he had satisfied himself on this point, he turned to tho woman, who was crouching before the cross as a wild beast shrinks away before the whip of his tamer. " I am going to remove the child," said he slowly, "dare to montion a word of what I have done or whither she has gone, and I will arouse the village. Do you kuow what will happen theni Why every peasant in tho place will hurry here with a lighted brand in his hand to consume this accursed house and the unnatural dwelfare in it. Keep silence, and I leave you to your unhallowed »oik. I will no longer seek to preserve Paul Sergevitch who has given himself over to tho powers of darkness by taking a demon to his bosom." I Ravina listened to him as if she had scircely comprehended him ; but, as ths old man re- I treated to the window with liis helpless burden, she followed him, step by step; and as he turned to cast one glance at the shattered window, ho saw the woman's pale face and blood-staiued Wild look of unsatisfied appetite in ber •yes. Next morning tho house of Kostopohiu was filled with terror and surprise, for Katrina, the idol of ber father's heart, had disappeared, and no signs of her could be discovered. Every effort wa3 made ; tlio woods and fields in tho neighbourhood wero thoroughly searched ; but it wan at lost concluded that robbers had carried off the child for tho sake of tbo rau | som that they might be abloto extract from tho Tho day upon which all search had ceased Itavina glided into the room where she ki.cw that she would find Paul awaiting her. She was fully an hour before her usual time, aud the Lord of Kostopchin started to his feat in sur prise. " You are surprised to see me, said she ; *• but I have only como to pay you a visit for n few minutes. I am convinced that you love me, and could 1 bnt relieve a few of the objec tions that my heart continues to raise, I might be yours." " Tell me what those scruples are, cried Paul, springing toward" her, nnd seising her hands in his ; " and be sure that I will find means to overcome them." " Listen," said she, as she* withdrew her hand. " I will take two more hours for consi doration. By that time the whole of the houte of Kostopchin will bo cradled in blumber ; then meet -tie at the old sun-dial near the yew-tree, at the bottom of the gardeu and I will givo you " But why not como back here J" urged he ; " thoro is a hard frost to- night and—" " Are you so cold a lover," broke in Ravina, with her accustomed laugh, "to dread the changes of the weather? But not another word; I have Bpoken." She glided from the room, but uttered a low cry of rage. She almost fell over AlexU iv the corridor. -' Why is that brat not in bed I she cried, angrily. . "Go to your room, boy, exclittmed the father, harshly, and the child then slnnk Paul Sergevitch paced up and down the room for the two hour* that he had to pass before the hour of meeting. His heart was very heavy, and a vague feeling of disquietude began to creep over him. Twenty times he madd up his mind not to keep his appointment, and aa often the fascinations of the fair woman com pelled him to rescind hia resolution. Now and again ho glanced at the clock, and at last its deep metallic sound, as it struck tho quarter, warned Him thut he bad litUe time to lose, if he intended to ktep his appointment. Throwing on a heavily furred coat and pul ling a travelling-cap down over bit ears, he opened a aide door and tallied out into the crouuds. The dark shape of the yew-tree soon rose up before him, and in another moment be stood beside its dusky bought. The old gray sun dial stood only a few paces off, and by its side was standing a slender figure, wrapped in 1 white, fleecy-looking cloak. It was perfectly motionlew, and again a thrill of undefined dread passed through every nerf • and muscle of Paul Sergevitcb's body. "Ravina!" said be, in faltering accents. it Put in ft V "Did yon take me lor a ghost ?"answered the fair woman, with her ahriU Uoeh ; " no, no I hare not come to that yet. WcU. Paul SergevitcK, 1 •»»»• com* t0 .«'*• *ou ■* answer; ire yon anxioua about it 1 " How can yoa a»k me euch s queatton t returned be : "do not keep me any longer in tntpeoM. I»it'yet,'or'no 1 ■ •fptnl Sergwiteh," aniwered the ttnnße woman, eoaiiug no to him »* !•»">« »•** handf upon hit ahoSdwi wd filing hereyea upon hto with that atrange exprewon before which he alwiy. quailed; "do you really lore me, PanlScrgewtehr aaked ahe. "Loreyoul"repeated th« Lord of Kortop chin; "ire I not told yon . *««*^«s how much my wholt tool «o« out toward yon. how I oily li»e and bwathe in year pre- Lnoc, and how de^th at yow feet would be more welcome than lift without you? "People often talk o! death, and yethtU. know bow new it fa to them," fnawered the fair lady,» gri» »"»!• •H*M»« 1* °Pon Uer f"f •™ buitell me, do yoTgire me your whole heartt" °^vi i h»». «• y""^!^!?^!?, 1"1?^ Paul; " •aroe, wealth, mU U» devoted lo»« of kMrt thrtlvmt; lafliM,PHa, tM !♦■■«• "^CiStlifcwiWi—■*"■ answered Paoij endeavouring to o'i:l>r:ic.o ma fair form in hU impasciui cil gracji; 1-nr. aha glided from liim, and then, with a quick bound, sprang upon him and glavtd in hia fctco witli a look that was absolutely appalling U«r O'e» gleamed with a lurid fire, her lips were) drawn back, showing her sharp, white teoth, while bor breath came in sharp, quick gasps. "1 am hungry," slio murimirctl, "oh, M> liuxgry; but now, Paul Sergevitch, your heart is mine." Her movement was so sudden and unex pected that he stumbled nnd fell heavily to the srouud, the fair womnn clinging to him »nd falling upon his breast. It was theu that the full horror of his position came upon Paul Serpcvituh, and hfl suw his fato clearly before him, but a terrible numbness prevented liira from using his hand* to free himself from tho hideous embrace which was paralysing nil bis muscles. The face that waa glaring into hit seemed to bo undergoing tome fearful change, and tho features to be liMiing their •emblance of humanity. With a sudden, quick tnovimont, •lie tore open liii garments, and in nr.otbcr moment she had perforated lii* left bre«st with a ghastly wound and torn out his heart. She heeded not tho convulsivo struggle* which agitated the dying form of th»' le>rd of Koatup cliin, nor a diminutive form approaching, shel tering itself behind every tree and bush until it had nrrived to within ten paces of the scene of the torrible tragedy. Then the moonbeams "listened upon the long shining barrel of a pistol, which a boy was levelling with both hnnda at tho murderess. Quick and sharp rang out the report, and with a wild shriek, in which there was tometliii.g beast like, lUvin* leaped from the body of the dciid man and staegcred away to a thick clump of bushes some ten paces distant. Tho boy Alexis had heard the appointment •hat had 'been made, and dogged his father's footsieps to the trysting-place. After firing the fatal shot, liis courage deserted liim, and he fled back to the house, uttering loud shrieks for help. The startled rcrvants were soon in the presence of their ilaughttred. roaster, but aid was of no avail, for the Lord of Kostopchiu had passed a.iay. With fear and trembling, the superstitious peasants searched the clump of bushes, and started back iv horror as they perceived a hugo whito wolf, lying stark and dead, with a human heart clasped between ita fore-paws. 