TOPICS OF THE WEEK The Acting Commissioners are giving proof every other day that the expenditure which Mr. Wheeler found fault with Mr. Speight for keeping up is indispensable for the efficient working of the railways. Slowly but surely the trains taken off are being put back, or extras are being run on the quiet to meet traffic requirements. In a little while, unless Ministers and Acting Commissioners are resolved to inconvenience the public in order to be able to deny having admitted that they acted-' hurriedly and indiscreetly, we shall have things as they were, but the best testimony which could be given to the reasonableness of the management which has been superseded is supplied by the publication of a circular to the line repairers, showing that the safety of the public 1ms to be risked in order to make believe that wages can be cut down. The circular runs I thus:-"Memo, for Ganger.-You will note that on and after Monday next, the 8th inst., and till further orders, you and men are to work as follows:-You will work eight hours each day in the first five days of the week, but on Saturday ouc man only is to be on-duty, and his duty will be to walk over the length as required and see every thing safe. During the five working days gangers must be diligent to keep up their lengths, getting to the tcorst parts of than and doing the necessary work without stop ping to trim very neatly," &c.; Economy can only be effected by " letting the lines rip " on tlie busiest day of the week. Can any one wonder now at Mr. Speight's stoutly maintaining that the expenditure could not be cut down with safety? The policy exemplified in this circular proves that the Acting Commissioners and the Minister who is driving them on do not understand the rudiments of railway management Under systematic scamping the permanent way must go to pieces. Are we to have the next disaster ascribed to the act of God or the fact that the men had not time to " trim very neatly!" The recent fatality in New South Wales, by which nine lives were lost, was caused by a rail breaking which had escaped the notice of the ganger. It was urged that we must occasionally expect a rail to go unexpectedly; but the loose ex aminations which the circulars will bring into vogue wiil lead to numberless defects being overlooked. The circular directs gangers to look out for the worst parts only, a direction which will be interpreted to mean that speed in getting along, the road is the thing mainly expected of them. It will be observed Chat for five days a week all hands are to-be examining, but on Saturdays one pair of eyes will suffice. Has the de partment entered into any treaty with the destructive forces' of' nature-with rain, sudden falls'of temperature, itc.-that they are to take si whole holiday on Saturday ? Sober people will discern in this new order nothing but glaring proof that the railways have been handed over to the management of children. The 290 millions of miles of circular travel ling which the globe we inhabit has per formed through space since August last bring us back to the event in time which makes each w inter memorable. . Dogs are again barking and cocks again crowing in the j Exhibition-building, and for one Saturday at least the publio will hear no music but such, as charms the ear of that enthusiastic creation of Providence known as the fancier, ltow the dogs like being exjwsed for four successive days to public attention will not be known till we learn their language, but the pride and joy of the fancier are unmistakable, ps lie gazes upon the various shapes and glees which the canine species has assumed'to please his eccentric taste. To the small dogs the ordeal must be very: tiring. Mastiffs, Newfoundlands, " bullies," and the rest of the big exhibits coil sleep when they will, tritUovP^u o!>eing disturbed, but'the little, animals date not drop off into a napuntil. thoroughlypxhausted. Yo» never eee a wise t^welltiri^ ewry^ftiird passer-by will want jto -umbrella point. SimUErift he wUl not trust the strings of his .how beach; there healta, blinking&ndtremblins; (with half-dreamed dreams), wishing from the bottom of his souL that he could get half an hour's sdlitude. There ia a piotcst in' every canine eve, if you have the penetration' to sec it, against shows and all they imply.' No exhibit is happy. Can any bulldog be pleased at being a bulldog, with his deficient upper lip, his bandy legs, and his scratchy voice? lie has acquired these marks, not through the spontaneous operation of nature, but through the absurd interference of many generations of Black Country pitmen and bishops of the Church of Kngland, as known to Melbourne people, who have ideas of their own about handsomeness and utility in a dog. Your bulldog would probably give all the worldly learning he has picked up through his only source of knowledge, the nose, and all his skill in biting, to be petted like a toy terrier, to have the rare allowance of sport which falls in the way of the prize greyhound; or to possess a deep bass-toned voice like his favoured kinsman the mastiff.' Hut man, in the shape.of fancier and judge, has willed (hat he shall frighten away admi-' ration with a disdainful'grin, and have no legs for runniug after hares. The question' whether the fox terrier shall keep diminu tive or have liis limbs stretched defends at present on whether the judges now on top, shall be able to keep there, or have to give way to thie faction that is determined oil in creasing the fox terrier's inches. In England the contest rages fiercely; but as yet only the echoes of the storm have reached the' ears in Australia of the persons most in terested- our local breed of dogs. Whether or not they are to stand higher, and so see more of life, is a question that should be very interesting to the breed ; but they have no voice in settling it. They have no votes. They are like captives in war watching a wrestling match between the two brawny champions quarrelling over the spoils. Upon the power of arguing or the power of over coming without argument depends the mo mentous issue whether our fox terriers are to have long legs or be content with it he short ones they at present possess. The advocates of short legs hold their own bravely; but even the impregnable Constantinople fell before the besieger, and the Coupes of the ' ring and the Heilbys of the kennel may some day be lying breathless in the saw dust The thread on which the fate of the fox terrier hangs will seem slender when we say that the short-legged school claim going into holes after foxes as the chief duty of the animal, while the faction struggling to introduce long legs want to employ him in j rabbit coursing. Were it not for the per sistency of custom, the long-legged faetion ! would prevail, at any rate in a country like Australia, where, on the one hand, there are' no fox-holes for fox terriers to creep into," and where, on the other hand, rabbits swarm' in millions. But customs survive for ages' after their origin has been forgotten.' See how some public officials - of. the' highest rank put on lace cuffs, shore breeches, black stockings, and a small sword whenever they have to appear in state before the Governor. The "rig" is quite unsuited to the climate and to the hemi sphere in which we dwell; and yet it is worn. We all think pictures of Texan life grotesquely funny when they slrow us Colonel Whipsaw entering the ballroom with a pair of revolvers in his belt, a bowie knife thrust into the leg of each boot, and eightecn-inch spurs projecting from bis heels; and Colonel Pulltiigger looks affected being married under a floral device re presenting a gigantic six-shooter. Rut as life, is lived in Texas, your fashionable citizen may at any moment have to " draw " on an opponent or a rival, and tliere is utility in these ornamentations, whereas the most imaginative of our readers is unable, we believe, to conjecture the circumstances under which the public official would be called upon to produce his sword, and we all know that after he had whipped it out he would not know what to do with it. Therefore, when people argue in favour of having fox terriera that dan run down real rabbits, we point to the slaver? of custom,' and answer that forages to come they will toe reserved for creeping Into supposititious fox*' holes. And herein we'feel great cotnfort, for the fox terrier would lose all his attractions as a street companion if he became long legged. There is a sporting doctor in Jlich mond who keeps what other people conaider the worat-dressed and most larrikih-likefox terrier in Victoria. .It seems to he! alwaju patched about the head and alwaysiuuddy. The doctor likes to have his dog with him when out driving, because it is an adept in giving some big dag standing above -.him,' with wagging tail, a sly bite, then rolling over on his back, and rattling awaydown." the road before the big dog has had time to realise who bit him. A long-legged fox terrier could not do this. Neither couUMtbfe, fox terrier out walking with you keep u$ liis prolonged - Eigzaggihg across the roadway (while you are walking straicht on) if hid limbs were long ; and a dog that knew he was missing novelties for the ,163% anil nose,' through getting tired of MgKagging, woukl> die prematurely of disappointment and: vexation. Another joy he would lose would* be that of going along with one leg lutched up.! With his present .habit he evokes the; sympathy of unsophisticated ladies, wh& look compassionately on him as he canters in. front, /and ro home reporting to their huBbaada?thai they, saw such « deijr little dog looking bo lame* iiis greatMS fcuas, however, wonld be the; Second ctaehitttel afc We have wondered whether" Jfcs'flag) were awarethat we priise garden dfjj "* the odours they yiydhe'woi»!d;i respect fdt $he jmdgmerifci human raoe,? *hoae :l«t; he. He Bees nothing in emotions which varions odottw ! the canine soul have to $k' differ jthelHrlvih of the future; fctfrtW&l; nDWYthft( no jone * «°8 stretching bis neck through a garden railing to sniff a narcissus in spring or a rose iu oumuier; nor have dogs been known to collect in eager crowds round a perfumery stall. Their world of fragrance is different from oura, which may be the reason why fanciers have such a fancy for dogs, and dogs Lave such a fancy for fanciers. 1 The inconvenience is now being felt of the concession which, out of gratitude for support rendered at the general election, the Government granted to Mr. Spence, on be half of the Shearers' Union, Mr. Spence, it will be remembered, boasting how he had put "Sliiels" in, and saying how "Shiels" would now do something, in the railway ticket line, for union shearers. Our prim and fashionable Premier may resent being spoken of in this familiar style, but familiarity is one of the forms in which men of the Spence order parade their power, and the leader of the Shearers' Union holds all terms of respect, where they have to be applied to others, in supreme contempt Jack Cade sits on the Creswick throne, laying down the law about the dimensions of the three-hooped pot with the 6ame con fidence now as he did 450 years ago. And whether he likes or not, "Shiels"will have to send word up to Hamilton directing that "Mr. Spence" is to be accepted as the Ministerial candidate for Dundas, the Ministry swallowing, without grimace, each and all of the nonsensical views which that self-confident potentate puts forward on questions which educated and able thinkers have a difficulty in mastering. But as to the shearers' railway tickets directions were issued secretly, instead of through the Go vernment Gazette, that every man bringing an order from Mr. Spence certifying him to be a union shearer on the march was to have privileges which the ordinary traveller cannot enioy. The secretary of the Pas toralists' Union, on hearing of the conces sion, or quid pro quo, or whatever be its correct name, demanded similar privileges for the free shearer, and got them-after a fashion, for while the shearer bearing the Spence brand may apply at any of the 800 stations in the colony the free shearer is restricted to 37. Explanations are offered which are very lame. The Acting Commis sioners understood that free shearers would only apply at 37 stations, though why there ? should be unlimited choice in the one case and restricted choice in the other is not apparent, save for this reason only, that free shearers do not necessarily vote for the Ministry which at present has its clutches on the railways. 'That unlimited concessions to free or slave shearers are very inconve nient must be acknowledged-one never knows where applicants will be turning up, or how the revenue will be affected. But the evil arises, not from the free shearers being acknowledged, but from travelling privileges being granted to any class what ever which are not accessible to all persons who pay for their tickets. Mr. Johnson's decision in regard to the fracas between Mr. Sleath and Mr. Cotton, is valuable as an exposi tion of the law. Had Mr. Cotton, on being called a liar, used only his hands, the bench would have imposed at most a nominal penalty. The law does not take cognisance of differences in size, and makes no allow ance for the circumstance that Mr. Cotton is a light or medium weight and Mr. Sleath big and burly. The athletic club may have a handicap scale, but the law sup poses all men to be of the same dimensions, however they may differ in breeding; and therefore Mr. Cotton sub jected himself to a fine by using a ruler, de duction being made for Mr. Sleath's replying with an office chair. Anyone calling yoaa liar-" the deadliest insult and grossest pro vocation one man can offer to another" must takes the consequences, provided such consequences do not include blows given, with artificial weapons. So much for the law. The sympathies of moBt people will be with Mr. Cotton. Vulgarity of the kind that such persons as Mr. Sleath consider .brave manners is very difficult to put tip with; at the same time the action of Mr. Cotton was hardly in keeping with the dignity which is usually assumed I>y bwk managers. Bank ivnuiapwa understood to act on all occasions as if they were the persons of greatest consequence In the community, especially when times are hard, and the look thfey can pnt on when calling in overdrafts inuet be envied by judges of the Supreme Conrt and by the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, who regrets not having had a banking training before attaining his present high office. There was a time, generations ago, when lying was so common that the accusation of nn veracity carried some probability with it, and so had to be at once resented, but civilising influences have almost eradi cated the evil practice from business conver Bat*ona(ityetlingers in politics), and theuse of the epithet liar now only disgraces the person using it. It is nearly as bad form as swear The use survives among persons of the 1 ofMr. Sleath because the civilising thatoperate on the ordinary hatfe not yet penetrated his afcmo ifWj;Cotton, instead of de [4o Hr. Sleath's level, had called in rlk&ption; the premises for that pnr .: had tiie strike secretary shown r grould have been with him Jjofvtiievitoe. That, we w" inen having <?ontrol over 'nddisdecide. 5Ve are willing ^jfj^^renmymt correctly i ffbowing him the door ' iMr. Slejfitii find. his being let off w* visitfcbe' 'A After S Jmrishe >ut Sot . that henceforth he will probably make1 strenuous efforts to behave himself when in unusual company. He will recollect the blows he got much longer thau the fine with which they have been assuaged; and he doubtless feels that while his words, when they are coarse, may call forth physical chastisement, there may not always be magis trates on the bench to apply the law as Mr. Johnson has done it For some weeks past vague reports have been current that "a ghost" has been playing off practical jokes of a silly kind in the suburbs of Caulfield, Malvern, and Haw thorn. They hare taken definite shape in one case within the last few days, a lady on horseback having got a fright from some un identified person in Caulfield, who was riding a pony, carrying a lantern, and wearing an illuminated vest. We are curious to know what form of insanity leads a young or middle-aged man to play the ghost, and terrify timid women. He cannot have even the rudiments of manliness in him to so amuse himself. In one instance that hap pened a year ago a young woman suffering from heart disease got a shock after dark, in a suburban street, from a pretended ghost, that proved fatal. The surprising thing is that the ghost of the pre sent winter should have so long escaped capture, if he has been seen as often as is said. His doings must be known to the persons living in the same house, which proves tliat they must share his insanity, and a household of eccentric individuals ought not to be difficult to find by police looking for a clue. An interesting question to argue is whether a person really believing in the pos sibility of ghosts would, if he happened to shoot this one, be entitled to plead justifiable ghosticide. A ghost being invulnerable ought not any mortal pretending to be one to put up with the consequences, whatever they may be.of playing so dangerous a r6le ? There would be no crime in shooting a real ghost, and the believer in ghosts come upon unawares would have no time to discriminate between the real and the sham. The law allows you to use weapons aa deadly as those with which you are attacked, and a real ghost would have the pull over you in all weapons. Yet it would not be pleasant to have the victim, of insauity operating in the suburbs killed by misadventure. He Bhould be reserved for more effec tive punishment - as the Mikado says, something lingering and humorous. We wonder that the pleasure to be got out of capturing and punishing the Ishmaelite joker j has not led to the formation of a young man's hunt club in the suburbs. Evening hangs veiy heavily on the hands of many young men. They collect at street corners and whistle discordant tunes, or they wander j aimlessly along thoroughfares illuminated by ! shop-windows. Why do not some organising ! spirits among them secretly organise a ghost- j catching society, with branches in all haunted ! suburbs, and bring this curious person (and any imitators he may have) to light? The pleasure of dealing with him after capture would compensate them for many nights ot fruitless watching, and they would have the satisfaction of putting such practical joking as playing the ghost out of fashion for a long ; time to come, the insanity of the ghost-player being usually tempered with discretion, for be is necessarily a poltroon. A very pathetic incident occurred in a trial for murder, in Adelaide, last week. The principal witness agpinst die accused was his own son, a boy of eight years of age-just old enough, and intelligent enough, to give a graphic account of his father's doings, but apparently quite unconscious either of the horror of the crime he had witnessed or of the damning effect of the evidence he was giving, every word he uttered, in the artless accents of childhood, driving the charge I home with fatal clearness. The accused, i Joseph James Garter, and William Edwards were militiamen, who after drill had been -drinking together. They quarrelled over one of the trumpery disputes that sometimes arise between neighbours, and parted in anger. Carter, who was tipsy, went home* compelled his wife, under threats of bayonet ting her, to find him a rifle cartridge, loaded Mb Martini-Henry, took his little boy tvith him, vent to Edwards's house, called him out of bed (the. boy being required to knock at the'door), and shot him dead as soon as he appeared. It was a t&nrder; whioh only an, angry man under the eiway of drink would have committed. Yet Edwards knew quite well what he was doing, for as he was getting his rifle ready he said to his son, "This is going to be a sorrowful affair," and "Try and be a good boy, for you won't hare a father much longer." When be was on bis w»y back, after the shooting, he said, "We'll make out we're shooting 'possums;" but he] told his wife that he missed Ed wards, «nd hit the doorstep. Then he lay down with MB clothes on and slept till morning tis if nothing had happened. " Father," said fiie boy in his evidehice, "was, verydrunk when he came home that night;; I never sawtim so drank before." The tiny witness was cross-examined with the view of showing that'liis'statements might not be] trustworthy, tie saidI have stayed opt at night without father and mother's permis sion, and once took my little sister, five years old, with me, atid slept In the pottery. Did ' that ttiree other nights, because I hod beepl naughty andwak Jafraid of a beating.. I've' been beaten siiV&y; itiAe&joi; telling ato^es^j <The little ieilo# her? '6ri^'Bileir^^V; jBnf; his story Was tplii wjtfa to be shaken, confirmed a^it was deboe of otiiet witne^aes, Jantl a verdict bi £uMtywMtot>nt ' ^e! caste isbnie in witfo it'lBjtfojirtSkely thot'thp' extrenie penalty <jf taAsr Tiflli «*? , It is aingular -that iust when thjen^t*^ prospect of Jtr.GiadsUme'g thereahouldbe * revival of trouble J glianistan. and of Russian aggression in Central Asia. During the six years' tenure of power by Lord Salisbury, affairs in that quarter liave been very quiet, Russia know ing well that she would not be allowed to have her own way while a strong Conserva tive Ministry was in office. Remembering, however, her successful encroachment nt Penjdeh in 1885, when Mr. Gladstone was at the head of affaire, it is hardly to be wondered at that Russia should consider the present opportunity favourable to another ex tension of territory in the direction of India. Afghanistan is a country that naturally offers plenty of scope for foreign interference. It is a geographical ex pression only. There is a country called Afghanistan, but there is no Afghan nation. The Afghans proper, although the ruling race, are in a minority of the entire population, their number being estimated at about 3,000,000 out of a total of 0,500,000. Their stronghold is Cabul and the surrounding country. And even among theui there is nothing like national unity, as they are divided into a number of tribes, separated by rival interests and jealousies, and incapablc of combining for a common object. The reigning family atCabul belongs to the Barak zai section.of the Dourani tribe. The Hazaras, who are in rebellion against the Ameer Abdur Rahman, are a people of Mongol desceut, and occupy the mountainous country lying between Herat and Baniian. With the allied people, the Aimaks, they number something like half a million. Still more important are the Usbegs, who are also re ported to have risen against the Ameer. Although there are only about 400,000 of them in Afghanistan they are the leading people in Central Asia, inhabiting the; khanates of Bokhara and Kbiva, w hich are subject to Russia, their number outside Afghanistan being reckoned at 2,000,000. They ate the most civilised of the Turkish races of Central Asia, and, except the Otto mans, a»e the only.branch of that people who have a written language and literature. Besides these there are many other races and tribes, Mohammedan and pagan. A country thus divided can only be held to gether by force, and nothing but strong rulers like Dost Mohammed aiv^ Abdur Rahman are able to preserve even a sem blance of peace aud order among the various populations. The present Ameer, supported by England, has maintained himself in power, but he has not established his dynasty. He has no recognised successor, arid his dis appearance will be the signal for a general breaking loose of tribal anarchy and disorder, in vi hich, unless England takes a very firm stand, Russia is sure to pcotit largely-' Thursday, the 4th inst, was the hundredth anniversary of the birth of one of the most remarkable poets of modem times, Percy Bysshe Shelley. A good deal of solemn non sense lias been written about Shelley 6 views on the progress of humanity. One of his admirers, for instance, tells us that the poet | anticipates in his ethical teaching the next period of social and moral evolution; his J gospel of humanity is the creed of the new era that slowly but surely is dawning on I mankind." As a matter of fact, Shelley's ] opinions on such subjects are of no impor tance or significance. He had not the re quisite knowledge or grasp of thought to 1 make them of the slightest value. Keither | is it worth while to discuss his moral charac ter, or decide how much or how little he I was to blatne for the suicide of his firet wife. For us and for all succeeding generations he is simply a poet, and nothing else, and as such alone will he be judged. \ As a poet it may safely be said that i in all English literature there is no one like him. His language and versification are entirely his own, and with a few exceptions so also are his subjects. As to the music of his verse there are no two opinions. In | variety of metre and stanza and copious ness of language he is unrivalled, and his verse is nerer cloying, like that of Mr. Swinburne, who in some respects lias a greater resemblance to him than any other poet The reason of this is that there is no | empty verbiage in 8helley. He nerer uses words merely for the sake of the sound, j There is nothing that can be called jingle in bisverse. In the midst of the most high flown imagery he always has something to say, some definite meaning to express. The beauty of his imagery and ideas is equally oongpicuoas with the swing and freedom of his: verse. It innst be admitted, however that Shelley is greatest in his short efforts and in fragments of his longer woriks. Except In thfe Cenci he is wanting in constructive power and human interest and without these no long poem can . to a . permanent success. He I ia above all things a lyric poet, one who can express, thei varying moods of the! human mind in short compass, rather than a writer of sustained efforts in the form of narrative or drama. Splendid passages are' to be tfonnd in his, longer poems, but as I wholes they can hardly be considered suc-i cessfnl. Whether,if Shelley's life had been prolonged his writings would have gained in human interest through wider knowledge of the world it is not easy to say. It must be borne in mind that, unlike Byron j Barns, Keats, and other poets who have died prematurely, his life Wft8 cut *hort,^ aot by constitutional disease or br bhfJ Jiwn excesses, but by an accident *fheri4iis powers were at their very 1 best nnd ripett. ^Tiether- if he had lived longer .!re! given us anythinc better than he lias done may be open to que*! tton, though there seems little reason to doubt it ; but it is, at any *at*, certain that hp WbW Writttn e great deal more eau«ll* .-done his untimely {death mayl>e considered.oue of the fosses that has befallen EngUsh iture. Mfra" ^^&«ietyofWdon| artificial arms, legs,! 