NEW SOUTH WALES ZOOLOGICAL SOCIETY. The committee of the New South Wales Z°°l°f<*} Society held their monthly *^X__m_*}£1Z there were present-Messrs. C. C Skara tt (in the chair), William Beaumont, William Coles, John Kee, Captain Ghest, and the secretary (Mr. w. a. Cattell). PIt was. reported that there was a credit balance of £59 10s 7d at the. bank. £117 1932 has been paid as wages during the io_tJ^___ accounts to the amount of 90 179 9d were Passed for payment The secretary reported that the receipts from the rate for the four "weeks ended 31st December, amounted to £110 7s 3d. '""JPs elephant to do £3 3d, and from the donkey and pony to £4 7s 6d, making a total of £1-9 3s 6d The _ gate money represented the admission of 6842 vectors, 3707 7 being adults, "285 children. The gardens were also visited by 'O'S. 'JFC school children, accompanied by a Jersey, making the total of. free admissions 1046. On -he 12th November the large aviary was take" into by thieves and Borne 37 or more finches and other birds were stolen, while in addition several large panes of glass were broken, he matter wastoly reported to the police, but a yet no he has been obtained. On the 30th November w"a"s "was was committed in the Gardens, the two automatic machines being again broken open and their contents abstracted. Mr. W. G. Powell, the superintendent, reported to the effect that the health and general condition of the ""AJ"?? good Further accommodation Would shortly be required for the young stock. The TTV>v$>"?,e received included a letter from the d'"«T0*,*T Adelaide Gardens stating that he would endeavour to send the ostriches and Tamar promised by the steamer leaving on the 5th December. It was stated that arrangements were being made to give a pair of Timor deer to Mr William Won in exchange for animals from the Straits Settlements. The lease of the refreshment-rooms was renewed to Mr. Quong Tart The secretary brought under the notice of me coinmitteethecrueltreatmetitthaanitnalsreceivedfrom certain young visitors to the gardens. Large stones were frequently thrown at the grizzly bear and were afterwards found in his pit, and only a short time ago there was discovered there a hollowed out cork, inside of which there was a loUy surrounded in an ingenious manner by rows of pins, which would have caused great pain if not very serious injury to the animal if he has attempted to obtain the sweetmeat The following is the list of donors and don actions since the last monthly meeting -clusters lizard, presented by T R. Roadhouse, North Sydney, native cat. Master Walter Davies, Paddington native cat, T. Hawley, North Annandale iguana, F A Chaperon, Minto , six dingo pups, Vf. i\ BuUiannn, Union Club, wedge-tailed eagle, D Gallagher, líjirriclmlle , opossum, J R Pegg two opossums, J Burrowa, Zoological Gardens, roseate cockatoo, Captain It. is. Ghost, Sydney. 