"IIS ANGEL A Romance of the Far West* By HENBY HERMAN, Author of " Eagle Joe," "Scarlet Fortune," "A Leading Lady,"&c.;, and part-author of " One Traveller Rflturns," " The Bishop's Bible," the Plajrs of " The Silver King," " Ohatterton," &c;,, tec. [Published by arrangement with Messrs. Ward, Lock/Bowden and Co.] * i. , (Commenced in our isaue of July 80.) CHAPTER V. THE SPECTRE OF THE PAST. Tkwy bad been sitting there for fully a ouarter of an hour, puffing silently at their fciears, the old man staring in front of him blankly, coldly vacantly, the younger man moving uneasily on his chair, casting wistful elanoes at his companion, and drumming a silent march with his finger-tips on the .» Tell me all about yewrself, said the pioneer on a sudden. " Let's have a fair, equate look at yewr devil, an' see if he s as black as yew've painted bim Tell us all about how yew've grown up, an' wharyew ve crowed up, an' how yew've bin geetra yewr livin', and how yew've come to be what yew are. I guess then I'll know what I've got to do." , , The young man hesitated for a few moments undecidedlp. " It is perhaps better that you should know all," lie said at last with a heavy drawn sigh. " I have told you the worst. The rest of my history has no surprises-of the disagrreeable kine at any rate. ^ " I can remember myse'f first of all, he continued, " a grimy, smudge-faced, half ragged urchin, running about Front Street, St. Louis; diving and dodging about tbe steamboats on the levee, and picking up pieces of wood, bits ot iron, and all such rubbish aa are generally found in similar neighbourhoods, and carrying them to my mother, who lived in a tumble-down shanty notflfar from the railway station. The stewards and the cooks of the steamers used to be very kind to me, and many a piece of of pumpkin-pie, of meat, and of comcake I got from them. I remember well how, even at that time, the boys of my own age used to shun roe; and taunt me with my father being in prison. At that time I saw very little of him. Even when he was not in jail be was seldom at home, and when he was at home our little shanty was a hell upon earth. He used to beat my mother nnmeroifally, and went so far as to bring other people into the house. As I grew to years of better comprehension, young as I was, I came to be heartily ashamed of him. A Baptist missionary had been talking to me on tbe levee and I had been going to the evening school, and there I had learned that it was wrong to steal; and I kijew it was wrong to steal when, ane night, my father took me with him an another man on an ex pedition to break into a house. I could climb like a cat then, and they wanted me to get over a high wall and open a door for them. » I had got heartily tired of being jeered at and gibed at for being the son of a thief and quito an horror against dishonesty had arisen in my young mind under tbe teach ings of the good Baptist missionary So I climbed that wall, but, when I got to the top, I shouted with all my might, and the people of the house were awakened and came ont, and my father had to run away ?owing vengegnce against me. "After that I dared not go home, but Mr. Casey, the kind Baptist missionary, sheltered me for a few days and nights, and at last he got me a place as scullery boy on the steamboat Wixcoimn, running between St. LouiB and Dnbuque. All went very well with me for a while. Prom the Eost of soullery boy I rose to that of pantry oy, and then to that of oabin boy. The purser took a fdney to me and lent me books to read, and when winter came he . got me a plaoe 'on the Yazoo C'ty steamer, running between Vicksburg and Yazoo City and I passed another season there. . .« My good fortune would have it that, on that ooat, I met the Hon. Levi Walker, member of Congress for Missouri, and editor of the Kansas City Star. He offered to make a journalist of mo, and I was glad to consent. In this office I rose from one esition to the other, and all would have en well if, one unlucky day, I had not, in the street ran across my father. He was unfortunately too well known in the place. He had been tarred and fathered there, he bad'been flogged there, he had been in the ! chain-gang, he'had been within an acre of being hanged there. He immediately rfaimed from me the rights whioh his tieB of affinity gave him, and had to confess the . truth to Mr. Walker. I tried to buy my wrethed {father's departure, but the more ttoney 1 gave him, the firmer ,because his reaolntion to hang on to me. The people in Kansas City were very good to me. They had time to learn to know me, and they pitied me. ""Mr. Walker gave me an introduction to several Cincinnati editors, and I left Kansas City, and with itmy dreadful father. I .foand" immediate and remunerative work in r Cincinnati, and I stayed there several years. < Froin Cincinnati I went to Chicago, and on myjournev from Chicago to New York you . net me. Mow you know all about me. I do not think that I have forgotten anrthing . of importance." f' : " An* ain't yew. seen lyewr father since then; ain't yew heard, from hire ?" asked Kershaw. .. I know of liis existence only llirnu_'h the newspapers," replied Underwood. " They periodically record his convictions. My mother died shortly after leaving Cin cinnati, under his brutal treatment, that I know alsc." "Waal," exclaimed Kershaw, " if yew » ain't heerd from him nor yet seed him, maybe aa yew'll never hear nor see no more ' of him." " Tliftfcia not to be lioped for," sighed tb young man, " I live in daily dread olruunitig across him in the street, of liis calling at my rooms, of bis comiog here. If the slightest chance is given him of blackmail ing me or yon, be will fasten on uslike a leech, and it would be easier to get rid of a vampire than of bim." " I've had to deal with that kind o' man afore to-day," said the frontiersman quietly, " an' they nary once got the best o* me yet." "Ah," replied the young man bitterly, " It is easy for you to say that. Not one of the scoundrels whom you have come across was your own father. One cannot mete out justice to the man to whom one owes one's life, and not be soiled by his guilt. The taint clings, one's clothing reeks with it, it poisons the food, it embitters the drink, it call up hideous grinning ghosts to haunt your sleep. It turns your honest handiwork into rebuke, it makes good men's praise a stolen deceit, and all your life one long reproach. 0 God!" he cried in a sudden agony, " how can I be rid of it ? Shall I ever be rid of it? I have never felt it as I do at this moment." (To be Continued.) 