ANGLICAN SYNOD. I " TO-DAY, April. 26. The first session of the twelfth Synod of the Diocese of Tasmania was opened in St. David's schoolroom by Bishop Montgomery. The Bishop ascended the throne at 2.30 p.m., and was accompanied by Archdeacon Mason, Dean Dundas, Canon Adams, and Canon Banks Smith. Prayer was offered by Canon Adams. The lay representatives were then presented to the Bishop, signed the declaration, an I delivered same to the president. Writs of election were also tabled, and the roll was called, which showed there were 48 clergy and 36 by members present. petition. Archil'scon Mason presented a petition signed by 136 inhabitants in the parish of Lymington, praying that the Synod would grant them a rea dent clergyman at that place. It was agreed that the petition should be taken into consideration and put on the notice-paper. notices of motion. Rev. G. W. SiioonniooK to move That the portion of the Parish of King is now under the charge of an assistant clergyman residing at Avoca, be erected a separate parish. Mr. R. J. Lucas to move That at every meeting of parishioners for the election of Synod representatives and churchwardens, and for other Church purposes every person present at such meeting of the age of 21 years and upwards shall be qualified to vote and take part in the proceedings of the meetings, provided that every such person before taking any part in the meeting, shall sign a declaration to the effect that he or she has been an habitual attendant for the preceding six months at the church in connection with which the meeting has been convened, and that he or she is a member of the Church of England, and belongs to no other religious denomination. Dean Dundas to move That a Select Committee to report this session be appointed to consider amendments in the Church of England Constitution Act and the Church of England Constitution Amendment Act, to consist of the Lord Bishop, the Archdeacon of Launceston, the Church Advocate (Mr. R. J. Lucas). Messrs. J. W. Mcintyre. W. Tarleton, N. E. Lewis, and the mover. Archdeacon Hales to move That no motion be entertained by Synod, which is to be of permanent obligation, unless notice is given and circulated among the members at least one calendar month before the meeting of Synod. Archdeacon Hales to move That the resolution of 1888 to make collections for missions be amended by substituting the word "Whitsunday" for "St Andrew's Day." Archdeacon Banks to move That the Clergy Widows and Orphans Fund Act has not recommended itself to the support of the clergy generally, and as its rules refuse assistance to some clergymen, and preclude others from taking advantage of them, it shall be referred to the consideration of a committee to bring up a full report on the whole subject, and to prepare a revised Act in lieu of the present one, to be considered at the next meeting; of Synod, the report and revised Act to be published at least two months before the next session of Synod, Archdeacon Mason to move next day, That Mr. W. Tarleton be appointed Chairman of Committees for the session. Rev. W. H. Root to move, on Wednes- day, That a Select Committee be appointed to take into consideration the Clerk Superannuation Act, No. I, 1883. and report during the present session of Synod, such committee to consist of the Bishop, the Dean, Archdeacon Mason, Canon Finnis, Rev. G. W. Shoobridge, Messrs. F. Belstead, C. Butler, B Shaw, and the mover. REPORTS. Canon Adams presented the report of the Diocesan Treasurer of the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge and New Guinea Mission Fund, 1892. it stated that the offering forwarded to the S.P.C.K. was a small one this year, leading him to suggest that this diocesan should be better encouraged. The collections for the New Guinea Mission amounted to over £63, exclusive of the cost of the Tasmania. The Board of Missions was urgently required to furnish all information concerning the work in New Guinea before the annual Good Friday collection. Archdeacon Mason, in the absence of Archdeacon Hales, presented the report of the hon. treasurer of the Melanesian Mission, 1891-92. The amount collected was £196 17s. 1d. The reports were ordered to be printed in the records of the Synod. THE BISHOP'S ADDRESS. The Bishop then delivered his annual address. He said My Reverend Brethren and Brethren of the Laity, My first duty is to welcome to our solemn yearly meeting the members of a newly elected Synod. For you who have for years joined in our deliberations it is needless to call attention to our traditions of reverence for cherished forms and brotherly good-will for one another. All this has become a second nature. Those who assemble here for the first time, coming with a due sense of the dignity of the Church's Synod, will quickly and heartily value that grave and earnest spirit which years of steady growth have fostered to our exceeding benefit. of the, clergy who were with us last year one has passed to his rest, the Rev. J. Wheatley, working for his Master indefatigably to the end. Another, the Rev. A. Stackhouse, will be missed by all who knew his bright and spiritual nature; ill health has driven him reluctantly to seek a warmer climate. Canon Icely, after five years of indefatigable work, and concluding with a noble example of the way in which a new district can be developed, has left us for the Old Country with his equally brave and energetic wife. The Revs. L T. Ghent. A. G. Kim?, and C. H. Young, have' sought spheres elsewhere. The list of laymen whose faces we see no longer is a long one-Messrs. 0. Breaden, E. H. Butler. C J. Chambers, L. Chambers, R. Dossetor, R. J. Ellis, W. Elliston, F. C. Greene, C. Lethbridge, and F. A. Ward. We also welcome seven new clergy-one an old friend returned again with a partner in life-the Rev. G. A. Breguet ; one from Melbourne, the Rev. H. H. Vale and five from England, the Revs. S. Bucknell, E. C. Spink, F. Parnall, Owen Jacson, and H. F. Plant. You have but to read those names to feel that the diocese is the stronger for their presence Eleven laymen join us for the first time Messrs. T. R. Atkinson, G. M. Barnard, T. G. Bisdee, F. P. Bowden, W. Hartnell, T. R. Hindes, H. C. Kingsmill, W. J. Luttrell, I. Noake, 0. A. J. Piesse, and Charles Youl. Statistics am thankful to be able to rePort that I have been able to fulfil all my own duties throughout the year. One fact is borne upon we more fully every year, namely, that a bishop in the Australian colonies must be young. Not only must . he be able to travel a great deal, but after the daily journey he must be bright and vigorous. I have further developed the scheme I have laid down for myself of holding yearly con- firmation in as many centres as possible. I am more and more persuaded that it is the right method, and I shall be ready to do my part in the future if the clergy will do theirs. In 1891 confirmed in 71 places, and the number of candidates was close on 700, probably the largest number over con firmed in one year : yet I am not satisfied. I cannot help believing that 1,000 should be our yearly total. It may interest you to note how the number of candidates seems always to be in proportion to the number of confirmations held. Look at these figures for the past six years. In 1880, confirmations were held in 25 places for 441 candidates. In 1887, in 29 places, for 508. In 1888, in 23 places, for 477. In 1889 (this was the year of the vacancy in the Sea), in 10 places, for 180. In 1890, in 50 places, for Gil candidates and in 1891, in 71 places, for nearly 700. You will note that 21 additional confirmations last year only gave some 90 more candidates. But I do not grudge the effort, and many of the most active of our clergy consider that these numerous confirmation services are to be looked upon as seed sown in small townships which will bear good fruit in the immediate future. We are all agreed that this most solemn means of grace, completing the grace of baptism, ought to be an integral part of the work of every parish, making the Bishop's presence a necessity in all our centres. In my opinion the year's work of a clergyman centres round his confirmation. No opportunity so great for solid and systematic teaching ; no work more blessed in its fruits when it is approached in a devoted and zealous manner. Sorell stands first upon the list for 1891, with its six centres and 57 candidates. For further statistics I refer you to the tabulated form, which will appear in print in due course. I was absent from Hobart for 160 days and nights, three more than in 1890. Under the head of Churches, completed or commenced, I must make reference first with deepest satisfaction to the contract signed for the completion of the choir of S. David's Cathedral. Weare promised that the opening day may be fixed for- Christmas, 1893\. No effort will be omitted to make the day of consecration as bright and as joyful as possible. As you are all aware the form dation stone of the tower was laid by the Primate in January last as a memorial of the 50th anniversary of the founding of the See, and of the 25th of the discovery of Tasmania by Tasman. Our hope is that ore this century passes away the bells may ring out a joyous Foal from the completed structure. But here may at once say that as soon as the choir is completed it should be our duty to take in hand, and carry vigorously through a scheme for establishing on a permanent and solid basis a Pension Fund for aged and incapacitated clergymen. This is our greatest want, * ? - at and it must be met. I pledge myself (do my utmost for the cause No less than 19 new churches have been either opened during the year, or are now in process of erection or enlargement It in a good By that. St David's Cathedral, already mentioned, Bothwell (who does not rejoice at the come I section of the Rev. A Iforcifor l's noble effort, backed by his loyal parishioners?) , Then follow. though in no rl (mile order South Arm Longley, Conington Lonnra, the Fern True, Zeehan (the second church building) Strahan, Whitefoord Hills Scotts dab, Derby Koko Hill in the Lower Mai shea, West Devonport, y sporanco I have named 13, the four following are on the eve of being built Cressy, Ulverstone, Dundas, and Argenton , a twentieth I have kept to the last, because it is good to keep back a choice thing to the end St John's, Laun cotton, will soon be known as one of the most beautiful and stately of our churches. Such expressions indeed sound somewhat strange at present in connection with any of our Launceston churches , but they will do no more than justice to the proposed new Church of St John This, with the splendidly enlarged schoolroom already in use, will make a group worthy of any parish And I am confident that the diocese will congratulate the incumbent and parishioners on the spirit they have exhibited in aiming so high in so good a cause. these facts surely indicate life in the diocese I thankfully bear witness to the fact in all directions Taking a general view of our work I believe there are some surprises in store for us in this diocese who centres of Church life have been looked for in our two cities, in Hobart and in Launceston But a recent visit to the West Coast makes me bayard a prophecy that ere long the mass of our people may be found on those mining fields I am not sure that history will not repeat itself, and once again, as so often in the post, the West may rule the East ; the West may swarm with active centres while the East remains stationary If it is to be so, it must be a subject for unalloyed satisfaction to note that already the little church built by the Rev. A. G. King, and now under the able care and wise supervision of the Rev J Oberlin Harris, is crammed to suffocation andurgentlycallaforotloastdouble accommodation All success to the incumbent at Zeehan and his brave family We must as soon as possible establish a resident clergy- man at Strahan in order to free Mr Harris to extend the work of the Church in the rapidly growing centres nearer his own Far sonage Ere I pass from the subject of church building, I desire to express in the strongest possible language our deep indebtedness to the noble mumheenco of the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge (the SPOK.aawe familiarly know it) That great Society has helped,! belief every parish throughout the whole Anglican world Who can estimate the value of the aid they have so ungrudgingly bestowed upon the work of the Church? To St David's Choir, £600 to Bothwell Church, £250 and to numberless country churches in struggling places they have liberally contributed I am sometimes ashamed to ask for further grants No thanks can be too deep to give them , no aid better bestowed than that sent to our oldest existing Church Society Coming to actual statistics of Church work it is satisfactory to note a general advance all round There is one notable exception Collections in Church have decreased by some £50 The amount is not large, but it tells its tale of financial depression Consecrated places of worship have increased from 90 to 92, and 129 other buildings are used for public worship against 163 last year, an increase in all of 28 The increase in the number of communicants is returned as Gd5 Sunday services have increased by 826 On week days the increase is 12 The total increase in the number of services of the Church being 1,561 The Holy Communion has been administered 184 times more frequently than in 1890 The statistics regarding the children of the Church are always interesting, 2 192 were baptised in 1891 as against 1 929 in 1890, an increase of 283, 433 more children attend our Sunday schools This a disappointing increase I had expected an addition of 1 000 The teachers' return shows an increase of 78 One additional item I have attempted to obtain, namely, the number of communions made in the year Taken with other signs of progress it has its definite value The number furnished me in 17,20s but the return is most incomplete I propose to ask for it yearly Whilst we pass in review our work, taking a bird's eye view, I cannot refrain from calling the attention of Synod to one part of it far away from the ordinary avocations of Tasmanians I allude to the half castes in the Furneaux Islands. The interest taken in them by Bishop Nixon first., and by a success cession of pastoral since has, I rejoice to say, never flagged, and now the fruits are self evident No one who ever attended a service there, or had been present at the last confirmation at Barron Island, when I laid my hands upon 31 adults, could fail to be struck with the progress so much of which is due to the schoolmaster and his wife Mr. and Mrs Stephens These church people of ours offer to build their church free of all cost if friends will provide the timber The cost of the materials including the windows, is about £100 I trust I may receive assistance to start this most hopeful scheme I can- not pass from the statistics of work done without recording my conviction that the results would possibly be doubled bad way a more numerous staff of clergy in our greater centres The diocese cannot yet realize what a parish full of a strong church life means. incumbents of city parishes single handed, or almost single handed, what can they do even at the risk of health but sustain the 'bare necessities of Church life The ideal of an adequately staffed parish is, I venture to say, unknown as yet. Writing a few months ago to a friend in England I said " If you are asked what is one of the chief needs of the Church in the colonies, tell your inquirers that it is a few clergymen of large means and hearts full of zeal for God's cause, such as you find so often now in England, who could them selves afford to support six or seven curates, and show us out here what Church work on such a scale means, and how wonderful the results." It is on these lines that it is possible to do what one parish, taken alone, in London did last year. Communicants on Easter Day 2,430; offertories in church, £13 300; total raised in the parish in 10 years, £101,000. A parish next to mine in London had 10 curates, the Vicar's official income was £300 per annum. Four clergymen of this staff were deputed to visit the men in the evenings in their homes every night in the week, and so let none be neglected. With our small means, and in the young days of the Church, we have no conception of the ideals which are actually being realised in the Old Country, not by a staff of clergy alone, but by the huge array of lay- workers raised up and organised in every detail. But let us be deeply thankful that gradually we have caught up the ideals, with which we must at present be content. With a certain amount of help in the Huon district given to the Rev. E. H. Thompson, with George's Bay and its district of Portland possesses; an active clergy- man, with all our other centres filled up, we can no longer point to scheme and terrible blots in our system. Yet who can doubt that Ulverstone and Table Cape, with their ex- panding bush populations at the back, need two more clergymen? And one more must soon be stationed at the West Coast if we are to do our duty. With two more clergymen also both in Hobart and in Launceston we could rest content far a while. Education.- There is something to say regarding each of our three Church schools. Two of them suffer from lack of endowment, but have a habitation ; the third suffers from lack of habitation, but has an endowment. The time has come when we have to take into serious consideration how we are to maintain the fabrics of the Grammar Schools in Launceston and Hobart. The trustees have no funds, and a head master cannot be expected to keep anything in repair until it has first been put right for him by others. I am glad to say that the Trustees of the Launceston Grammar School have bestirred themselves, have themselves contributed, and have obtained money from old friends of the school. The much needed work of restoration has already been taken in hand, but the funds are not yet sufficient. Church people should strengthen the hands of the Rev. A. Champion in Launceston. He is doing a good and sound work, and deserves the support of all. You are all aware of the change imminent at Hutchins School. The honoured name of Buckland is to be severed from the school after a conection of 46 years. Through bright days and dark days the Buckland family has stood by the school, and in many a house their influence for good will be missed. It is with hearty goodwill that we record in public Synod our sincere esteem for those who are about to quit the school, and our deep regret that it should seem right to them to leave us. In the face of our loss we are most fortunate in securing the services of Mr. H. H. Ander- son as the future head master of the Hutchins School. Chosen! out of many competitors to be one of the school inspectors for the colony, Mr. Anderson relinquishes a post where the income is assured in order that he may fulfil his cherished wish of taking Holy Orders. Had it not been for an illness in Calcutta he would have been ordained by the Bishop of that Diocese. It will be in v duty to ordain him in the month of June. We wish our new head master all success, and pledge ourselves to do what we can to secure it for him. Christ's College needs a very special notice. I may say at once that I heartily concur in the temporary closing of the college. The establishment of a Tasmanian University makes it absolutely incumbent upon us to undertake the work for which Christ's College was really established, namely, to be a college under the direction of the Church of England in connection with an university and besides this, to create a theological section when the time was ripe for it. The moment has come, therefore o, when we should give up the teaching of boys for the higher grades. Hadwoabuilding,orhadwothefunds to build a suitable habitation, there would be no reason to close our doors even for a i day. We are not permitted by our trust deeds to borrow, but we are permitted to accumulate our income. Unless, therefore, the Government is willing to treat Christ's College as the Victorian and New South Wales Governments have treated similar institutions, by offering grants of land and aid in money on certain conditions, we have no 1 alternative but to wait till we can undertake j 1 . j i ( in 1 arrest our proper work without extraneous assistance We long for the day to come when we may open our doors and form the first college in connection with the University of Tasmania. Nothing could be more perfectly in accord with the wishes of our founders. And when this consummation shall have been reached the institution in question will forget the vicissitudes of the past in its new- born hopes for the future of higher education in the colony. Passing from our higher grade schools I wish to place before Synod the result of my examinations five years in State schools and Sunday schools. For the full report I i refer you to that which is printed in another place. Suffice it to say that before and after Christmas I conducted in Hobart 42 examinations in read your knowledge, 2.1 in State schools and 19 in Sunday schools, passing in review 1433 children in state schools, and, 1,036 in t Sunday schools. In addition to this I took classes in other parts of the country, on W . occasions, having before me 1,442 children, in all about 4,000, though in many cases the game children were examined twice. If the task was heavy, I was supported through it by the conviction of the exceeding importance of the work. Only those who, like myself, have inspected in this manner over large areas can realise the importance of the first half-hour's lesson in the hands of a godly teacher. The cities , possess opportunities of instruction in Bible knowledge, besides those offered in the State schools Yet, when Sunday-schools have done their best how inadequate must their results be compared to the daily lesson by a trained teacher. But in bush districts it is the State school lesson which alone in many ? places averts the existence of practical heathenism in our colony, a consummation which few can really desire. Let there be no , mistake on this point. The Chi serenity of ' many of the youth of the colony depends in Clacos upon the State school teacher's work, 'of those who argue that because of differences among Christians no religions teaching can be given in State schools, I desire to say, with all the emphasis of, which I am capable consistent with courtesy, that there is nothing in their argument. There is absolutely no practical difficulty. The colony is Christian at heart, and desires the children to be brought up as Christians. The outlines of Bible knowledge with the priceless truths that pertain to them are common to us all. Tasmania is happy in possessing Christian State school teachers. Some of them have told me the shock it is to them when Victorian children bring with them from across Bass' Straits an appalling ignorance of Scripture, from which may we hn nursemaid forever in the name of our common Christianity. To the State school teachers of Hobart all earnest Christian people owe a debt of gratitude for the careful , teaching they are in Bible knowledge. Long may they continue to think of the moral and spiritual as well as of the intellectual in their daily instructions. Long may we be ruled in the Education Office by those who believe in a Christian education, and threw no obstacles in its way. Building upon this groundwork of Bible knowledge, let us bend our minds to make our Sunday schools one of the most important features of our parishes, presided over by devoted and prayerful teachers. And turning once more to our higher grade schools, let us never rest content till our two grammar schools and Christ's College have each their commodious chapel, that the young members of the Church in those institutions may possess all Church privileges, and grow up intelligent and earnest churchmen, Jlefuge Work, -The last three years have seen among us the development of a noble work. It has grown silently for it is true, of this department of Christian effort than , , any other that it loves silence and does not care to parade itself and its results, except in the company of those who are touched with pity for the fallen. The House of Mercy in Hobart has been full, more than fall. We have had our disappointments, of course, but ersat have been the blessings vouchsafed to faithful and steady work. Let the die , case be assured that no part of our organisation needs loving assistance and the benefit ,' of, our prayers more than those silent in fluences for the benefit of fallen sisters. But : the Hobart Home welcomes, now an allied ". institution in Launceston, Hope Cottage, in that city, managed for years by a lady well known for her devotion to Christian work, has been handed over by her, through Mr. Montgomery, to the Church and there can be no doubt that a strong committee, working hand-in-hand with those in Hobart, will render a good account of the institution in the days to come. Is it necessary to and for the objectors to rescue work? If they assert that no results are obtained we can disprove their statement over and over again by plain facts. If they answer that it is working at the wrong end , we reply that the Church is always seeking .' to keep her sons and daughters from falling. but when they do fall, what then ? We try to keep in safety the coins stamped with the east .!.":_ "raises . these "lines as if we have to seek diligently, according to the ' Divine example, until we find it. The deeper anyone sinks in the mire the more earnest must be the efforts made for restoration. We thank God for having opened our hearts to face these darkest problems of modern life. They lead us to worn the young with in creased solemnity because we are face to face with the ravages of sin, and we do not forget those who have been trampled down and given up as lost by many. But the Church of God counts no one lost. It opens the door of hope in Christ's name. Give us your sympathy and your practical assistance in this noble work. One method of co-operation I would earnestly press upon the clergy and laity. In cases were the homes would be useful write without loss of time to theladysecretarios in Hobart and Launceston. Above all let those who know of the arrival, in our towns especially, of young girls from country homes commend them without fail to the clergy, or to the care of Godly people. How much misery and sin and shame might not have been prevented if this practice had been rigidly carried out in the past ? Let all unite in such simple and such obvious preventive work. Somewhat worn out by the heavy pressure of too many duties, especially in connection with these homes, the lady who has thrown herself with such zeal into this work will be absent for a few months from the diocese, to get a rest which has become absolutely necessary. But the work must not, and will not, flag because others will be ready to fill the temporary gap and foster these noble institutions. Foreign Missions.- There is without doubt a visible awakening in this diocese to the duty of spreading the Kingdom of Christ beyond our own shores. I cannot adequately express my thankfulness as I note this enlarging of our Christian sympathies, for it is one of the best possible indications of a growing spiritual life among us. Melanesia, New Guinea, Missions to the Aboriginies of Australia-these causes were all pleaded here last year and with effect. Doubtless the resignation of Bishop Selwyn, on account of ill-health, and the death of the Rev. A. Maclaren in New Guinea, have stirred our sympathies. What can we do to sustain the hands of those engaged in these fields of labour ? One practical method of assistance I wish formally to announce to you. The request has come to me. in a manner which I cannot but regard as authoritative,personally to go in the month of July to Melanesia for three months to perform such episcopal duties as have become absolutely necessary if that Great mission is to be saved fromseriousinjury. 'ative candidates for the ministry are await- ing ordination. Hundreds are to be confirmed throughout the islands, which are in the charge of the Church of England. My hope is that you will let me go for this short v interval ungrudgingly. Do not let me feel that you look coldly upon a step which I believe has been directly put in my nay. With God's help the work of this diocese called ",»"_ J""-"" m" "S,""""" T r."l",1 that when there was a vacancy in this See in 1889 you obtained the assistance of the Bishop of Bathurst rather than let your own people suffer. You cannot but feel for the needs of those lately reclaimed from heathenism and Savagery when you are informed that for close on two years no bishop has been with them to build up and consoli- date the young Church. My hope is that your thoughts will so arrange themselves as to say, " We have in the past been remiss in this paramount duty of bringing the world to the feet of Christ, We will now make what amends we can. We will willingly send our chief pastor to the isles famed for the labours of the Selwyn and of Patterson as a token of lively interest in the good work." , No Bishop, except of that diocese itself, has ever seen those scattered stations since Bishop Tyrrell, some 40 years ago, I believe, accompanied the first Selwyn, there is a congruity,. indeed, in the visit to Norfolk Island of a Bishop of Tasmania. I am told, that this island used to be in the jurisdiction of the Bishop of this diocese. I am not aware that there has ever been a legal sever- ance of the tie. I go to press a claim of interest, but not of territorial right, and I am sure I shall go not only in your name, but with your full approval. , Borne Kennion There are special reasons why Ibhouldspeak to you at this time on 7 the above subject An uneasy feeling can be detected amongst the members of Christian sects in England and in Greater Britain as they note the steady disintegration into smaller bodies of their own people. A leader of the Wesleyans says :-.' We are alive to the waste, the scandal, the positive wicked . ness of having two, or even three Methodist churches in localities in which, in the very nature of things, there is room for only one." In England we are told that in 1869 '. there were 100 different denominations, last year these had broken up into 251. ? So rapid a down grade was certain to attract attention, and at the present day vigorous attempts are being made to unite, under certain definite heads, Christian bodies who date their existence from some period within the last 300 years. It is natural that they should wish to enlist the Church of England in this cause. They ask whether we will not make common cause with them. Met with a courteous refusal they have asserted that " the Church of England is the greatest hindrance to the union of Protestant Christianity." Surely the time has come for a temperate yet firm answer to those who reproach us with fostering discussion, Our position admits of ' a philosophical explanation based on deep principles which have stood the test for ages. * , So far from feeling discussion me believe there is no cause so holy as that of the corporate union of Christendom There are no sacrifices we would shrink from to attain that object : but the way to accomplish it does not he in the direction some suppose LU me bespeak your attention them whilst I address my self to the task of stating the position of the Church of England I am about to enunciates no new or startling A ion s I can only claim to define for you what has of ten been said before and in doing this I shall not misrepresent the House of those who differ from us If in the end I may be rewarded by the assurance that I have helped to clear the question of some ambiguity in the minds of members of this newly elected Synod I shall have had my full reward And first let us acknowledge the pain it gives to every generous mind to be separated from any of his fellow countrymen motorship and cone ral Church polity It is one of to the laws of my life to be constantly passing from ton ship to township, viewing 111 nearly every spot the plain evidence of our unhappy di usions, marking the waste of power and of moneys, the consequent scandal to our holy cause, and all the usual unlovely evidences of the principle of unrestrained private judgment Going deeper still if must be a still greater pain to every generous spirit to be divided in any way from men and women of deep spirituality, of fervent devotion and blame loss life, who are exhibiting on every side in their characters the fruits of the Holy Spirit The history of England and America is full of the achievements of such men and women in every branch of philanthropy, in the struggles for freedom andonlightenmont, and in the spread of truth, both scientific and theological As I glance down my own book shelves and recall the names of some whom I revere as dear friends, 11 realise the debt I on e to these thinkers and divines upon the ground occupied in common by all students of theology The records also of missions to the non Christian races are bright with their triumphs in the name of Christ Yot, grant- ing all this I e cannot unto, as they would at present wish us to do, with these post Refor- mation bodies The basis they propose is, in our opinion, wholly wrong It will never achieve 0 a stable, corporate, united Christendom We believe we can hold all that is true which they possess, and yet keep the more excellent way which is ours by birth- right which we can never surrender Chi la- than life has to do with two great questions which are capable of being taken separately The first refers to the individual soul In what does its intention consist' 'W hero does it had its true home ' Tlfb answer tB plain Its solution locusts in personal union with the Lord and Master of us all, in union with Christ. This is a sacred and intimate tie bound by no indispenBablo external rules. The purest system in the world may fail to impart it to any particular individual. The grossest, or narrowest, or most superstitions organisation of this or of any age can place no certain barrier between the soul of any one of its members and its God. Divine methods with the spirit of man are so diverse as well as wonderful that not unfairly they can be described in the words of Holy Writ. "There is a path which no fowl knoweth, and which the vultures eye hath not soon." But there is a further subject which by no possibility can be avoided. What is to be the form which the Kingdom of Christ shall take The problem must have pressed for solution immediately after Pentecost. And yet there are numbers of people for whom the question possesses little, if any, interest. Taken up with the first step, with the bare salvation of souls, the corporate life, the building up of the kingdom, seems of third rate importance. We submit that it ranks equal with any other for the future of a stable and solid Christianity depends upon the answer Whilst we assert this, however, let us admit that it does not affect one way or the other, the bare salvation of a soul. We re-echo what Dr. Pusey says : " The Lover and Father of mankind has not one way only of bringing home His lost sheep. Ask any tolerably instructed Christian person, ' Will any soul be lost, if in good faith he was what he was, living up to the light he had and repenting him when he did amiss ?' All Christendom would answer. God forbid !" But whilst we grant this, who can be content with no perfected system, no compacted kingdom ? We pass on, therefore, to inquire how best we can guard from error, organise most strongly and perfectly, make provision for continuous order, and for the due dispensing of all means of grace, " till we all come in the unity of the Faith unto a perfect man, unto the measure of the stature of the fulness of Christ." Here at once we come to a complete divergence of opinion, a divergence based on principles and whilst we are ready to respect the honest convictions of others, we shall not ask in vain to be accorded the same respect for our own. The view held by the vast mass of Christians throughout the world at the present day, the view which was almost universal 300 years BED, is that the true organisation of the Church is in its main lines no longer an open question. That has been settled for us by a continuous development from the earliest days of the Church. It has stood the test of time, and it is standing now. ' It is not a casual development, but Divinely ordained as a safeguard for the Truth in its completeness. We realise on these general lines " the Divine Presence in history.". We dare not gainsay it. Our duty is to hand on unimpaired what we have ourselves received of this continuous corporate life. But there is another view equally based on principle, and though it is diametrically opposed to ours, it is none the less deserving of the respect due to the opinions of honest and honourable men. It is the view held by a few in every age, but which has received its greatest impetus in the last 300 years, owing to the widespread corruptions of the Latin Church and it is simply this, that the question of Church organisation, of the precise form of the corporate life, is always an open one. The outward form being of little or no importance, there is no reason in the nature of things why any individual may not at any time, if dissatisfied with his neighbours, create a church of his own, This view has even led man to assert (though It may well be, without having duly weighed the full import of it that God has not been in the past history of the Church, that it was not till the 16th or 17th century of our era that the true idea of the Church was discovered under Divine guidance. Tbocentroofthisprin ciple is, of course, the admission of the right of private judgment to its fullest extent. So long as the soul is in communion with its Saviour naught else is of consequence. The effect of this principle has been startling so startling that even its supporters are becoming uneasy. Christianity among the English-speaking races, and among those who cling to this central principle, has been split up into numberless republics, and by the very nature of the case cannot be prevented from further cleavage. Nor under this principle, again, can any rite or usage, however holy its sanction, be counted safe for a single hour. Baptism has become an open question-has by one sect been ignored altogether. Confirmation has been absolutely dismissed by all. Holy Communion may suffer, nay has suffered already. The sacred call to the ministry, to us so solemn, that it becomes a life-long vocation, has been put upon the same footing as any more worldly profession. When so much that we hold most dear is given up. we are made anxious for the future. The prominence of this, to us, wrong principle is easily accounted for. It is the excess of a great virtue which has its home among the Teutonic races in especial degree ; it is the unlovely excess of the spirit of liberty. Occasioned by the gross errors of a great Church it has had, nevertheless, to pay the penalty of excesS by injuring the solid growth of the Church of Christ, and we ask, r' If St Paul was vexed in his soul at four divisions in the Corinthian Church h hat would he have said to 254 within the bounds of England ?" With all respect for those who conscientiously differ from us we can only courteously reply flint- WE cannot accent a wrong principle We look, and we shall ever look, for the ultimate reunion of something far h cher than Protestant Christianity nothing less than the re union of all Christendom It needs no prophet to discern the fact that the greater unity can only be realised upon the basis of the principle held tenaciously by the Church of England as a branch of the Church which has developed without break, though purified by reformation It can never be realised, such is the craving for continuity implanted in the human mind, if use surrendered either our organic or our spiritual connection with the Church of the Apostles We are now brought face to face with a further question Men say, "If you thus disparage the exercise of private judgment you must abide by the consequences If you are be anxious for continuity, you must be consistent and accept the past with all its corruptions You are really amusing for the Church which claims an infallible development and never confesses itself in the wrong " We are accustomed to this form of the argument, but not perturbed The answer, to us at least, is complete The Church of England holds a unique position For we are ready to learn and to confess that even Councils have erred His tory has taught us much Theory, without the benefit of experience, might possibly have led us to base our system on private judgment alone, or upon Church authority and continuity alone But experience has decisively proved to us the dangers of either be so when taken alone The unlovely excesses of unlimited and unbalanced self will we have already pointed out History lays bare also the fatal effects of an attempted infallibility K man's reason is not free to criticise and test and reject, if necessary, then the highest part of man's nature 18 paralysed He is not a free agent We believe in the authority actually possessed and duly exercised in the early Church long before pretensions to infallibility were whispered "There is no one infallible authority for the expression of the truth No single means for such an expression can be pointed out as the only trustworthy and divinely appointed one " the Bible rests on the Church the Church on the Bible "The individual must think and judge, but he should do so with the consciousness that he is but one member in a vast organism The Church must speak with authority, but she must do so remember ing that her voice must be in line with the oracles of God and the deepest intuitions of spiritual men " In the early and undivided Church there was such a thing as authority, and then was no such thing as infallibility." When she asks for the latter we are compelled to meet It by such a statement as this (I quote from a recent writer) ;-" The claim to infallibility is contradicted by reason, by Scripture, by history, by Science, by every authority to which civilised and Christian men are accustomed to refer." Ours, then, is indeed in unique position. It is antagonistic to that which is upon a single basis. We are conscious of a dual basis. Wo rest on two principles upon liberty for the reason of man, and also upon the continuity and authority of the Church There is nothing abnormal in such a basis of balanced principles. It is found to be true in the government of a State. Two houses of Legislature are better than one, though in theory they may appear unworkable Free wide and predestination are both true, and form a dual basis. This world of ours is what it is because it is the outcome of awful forces, centrifugal and centripetal working in perfect balance. God's method is balance not directness: "Safety lies not in any force, but in a resolution of forces." It may have occurred to some to doubt the wisdom of God in creating as withtnooyos. Would not one have suffered? Why incur the trouble of delicate focussing with all its attendant complications The answer is that if we aim high our ends are only gained by using many forces to counteract and check the excesses of each other. The Church of England sees with two eyes. Let no man disparage the one or the other.' if I add a few words ere I pass from this subject, it is to express unfeigned thankful- ness that those who have appealed to us to unite, are being earnestly the subject of corporate union. Already broken fragments of Wesleyans are uniting again. Congregationalists and Baptists are approaching one another with true fraternal feelings. But can the movement and hare? Can it be a " waste and a scandal " for Wesleyans to divide into three or six, whilst at, the same time the ;. first schism is looked upon as a legitimate stop safe from the attack of our. criticism The desire for corporate unity cannot, in our opinion leave contentedly the separations of the last century as though they were beyond all mending. It surely must come to be seen, as a recent writer well puts it, that " unity must mean joint membership in one society There is a strain of unreality, not to say insincerity, about professions of unity of spirit while outward separation con- firmed." The conviction " must be more and more pressed home that Christ came to form a kingdom upon earth. " It was to be a visible society also, for the inward principles possessing the mind and working upon the heart, must receive outward embodiment." And if this is so," what else \- ii I,- I.. t"" "f «,_ "n."m","^ "";"" "f coma ob nie cents or 10d ui.i.uiii|,i^u um, i. English Christians but. those put forth by the Bishops? The Scriptures, the Nicene Creed, the two Sacraments, and the historic Episco | pate concede these and you are in a Uno, in all essentials, with all that is truly primitive in the Greek, Latin, and Anglican com- munions. You are in full communion, outwardly as well as inwardly, with the essential development through all past ages of the Church of Christ, Yours will not then even be distinctively the Church of St. Peter or of St. John, or of St Paul, but on the foundation of the apostles and prophets, and these again on Christ. If we would not be members of the Church of even any one apostle, we may be permitted to hesitate when we are asked to accept as legitimate acts the foundling of the new Church of Wes ley or of George Fox, or of Robert Brown Those are our own principles. They are at least intelligible. I have purposely left on one side the stronger claims of the Church, because those who have accepted these last need no arguments to establish their allegiance. I have taken ground, if you like, on a lower level, because I have desired to aid the largest number to obtain a basis which is at least intelligible. I am not sanguine as to a wide reunion of Christians in our time. The recoil from the corrupt developments of medievalism. was so great that even centuries may elapse before there can be equilibrium' again. ' It may will be that unbridled ' independence may require centuries ere it becomes chastened and subdued ; are also on the other hand, those who have once submitted their reason to the yoke of infallibility, can shake themselves free from it. What wonder if we would fain believe that it is the Church of England which will at length offer the widest basis of union ? We understand both parties, for two contain within us the principles cherished by both. We are nearer fourteenth than the two opposing freestone on each side of us. can be. Wa honour, in both the basis they each know best, only we would correct and modify the one by the other. Nor will any who may chance to overcome these words; addressed to the innermost council of the Church as' to brethren united together by closest ties of Church membership, look upon them, as a sound of war or an attempt to widen any existing broaches, The first step towards reunion is for each party to state with all courtesy its own position, fairly and fully, 'even lot tun reflection follow and God defend the right. Magna at veritas el praevalebit. ' I would go further and express a hope that my humble attempt may result in a fresh statement of the views of others by those who have convictions as deep as ours, and who can state them in that Christian spirit which I trust I have done nothing to contravene. Meanwhile how pleasant it is to meet fellow Christians on all possible occasions as those we honour and respect, looking for such opportunities wherever we can find them, finding such a platform, for instance, in the Bible Society, in general efforts for the good of our fellow men, in happy social reunions and hospitalities as fellow citizens and Englishmen proud of a common descent. One last word and I take leave of this subject. It follows that if we look still for the advent of the day when there shall be one great, visible Church on earth undivided by schisms, we must be ready to permit a great diversity of opinion on secondary questions, The dream that one school of thought can ever drive out the others must be dismissed. Men's minds are so differently constituted, they see truth from such opposite sides, that unless we give and take, unless we refrain from imputing bad motives, unless we can call mon brothers who in the one Church differ widely from us, the great final union in the one kingdom on earth must be pushed still further back into the future. We have learnt this lesson of brotherliness in this diocese. We shall see it exemplified in our debates this week. Nay.theveryconceptionçfthegreatness and comprehensiveness of our principles will deepen our love for the Church of our English land. Does not your affection for the Holy Catholic Church grow and he ell ? Are not the words of the Psalmist, which best express your inmost feelings, just those-" If I forgot thee, O Jerusalem, let my right hand forget her cunning. The Lord hath done great things for us ; the Lord hath done great things for us, whereof we are glad." God give us grace and wisdom to hand on to our children our great heritage unimpaired, to all future generations. The General Outlook Since we last met, twelve months ago, death has laid his hand on many a Christian leader at Home, both in our communion and outside it. It is cheering to mark how on such occasions the sound of controversy dies away, and whether it be Roman or Anglican or Baptist we sink the differences, and fix our eyes upon the evidences of good Christians taken from us. So may it ever be ! Meanwhile we have our problems to solve in our day's work, and we look for leaders qualified to be our guides. You will have brought before you in due time the determination carried at the General Synod with regard to the Primacy. My own views I need not repeat. They have been fully expressed already in our church paper. Time has only added I force to my declared convictions. The Dean will in due time bring before you an important motion regarding the formation of a new province in Australia to contain Melbourne, Ballarat, Adelaide, and Tasmania. So far as I can see the time has fully come to take such a step, and perhaps it is easier for us to move first than it would be for the larger dioceses concerned. One of the Bishops of Australia, the aged and saintly Bishop of Goulburn, has passed to his rest since we met in Sydney in September last We look for the appointment of a worthy successor every day. One Bishop, the new Bishop of North Queensland, we welcome as presiding over one of the most difficult dioceses. At home, as I watch the forces at work within the Mother Church, I cannot help noting one interesting fact in the region of theological inquiry. A few years ago our eyes were directed, in the main, to the unique work of a band of scholars at the University of Cambridge, unequalled for their learning and piety, as they helped to fix on a surer basis the text and genuineness of the New Testament writings. That work still continues, but the victory arrived at is, for the most part, assured for the present And now it is the sister University which awakens our keenest interest. The two great centres of learning have been always strangely different in their characteristic movements, and we note the same diversities still. Cambridge studied the New Testament Oxford has (shall I say therefore faced . the absorbing problems connected with the criticism of the books of the Older Dispensation As devoted a band of scholars as any our Church can produce are doing for us a work at Oxford at present for which in time we shall have nothing but the thanks of all truth-loving believers to accord to them. That these students are earnest believers in the Divine revelation ought to content even the most timid when they read for the first time what seems novel and at times even alarming. There is no cause for fear whom truth is the aim prayerfully sought, and " truth," as it has been well said, "is God's only orthodoxy." Here in this hemisphere it is our appointed lot to build up the Church from its foundations, where we have little opportunity as yet for systematic and profound studies. But we are willing to learn from those who have the time and the ability to teach us. But a few more words and I have done. The finances of ourdiocesehavesuffrtred little in the past year, a matter for deep thankfulness. Nor must you forget the constant watchfulness exercised by our Church trustees who spare no pains to serve us well. I would fain also speak a word of warm commendation for our Diocesan Secretary. His economies have helped very much, more than many realise. His grasp of the financial situation is complete. Whilst Church collections have fallen back £100, he has been able to make this up by obtaining donations. But let us remember that in all likelihood this will be the year of stress. Let us meet what comes soberly and honestly, and by cordial co-operation we hope to fulfil our most pressing wants The L'rnnts from the General Fund must over be slowly changing, as population shifts and as new districts spring up. I believe the suggestions to be made to you for arranging the grants will after due discussion commend themselves to your judgment. But I will not conclude with details loan of matters so important to us as diocesan finances. I bid you to remember that you are here, not only as churchmen, but as representing a very large section of the people of this colony. There is not one of us, I venture to say, who does not take a deep interest in the moral as well as in the material development of our island home. Our days are full of hope because I e are a young country and our future is all before this. I fancy we also have all the faults of our youthful condition hopeful now degenerating into recklessness -fits of despair which give a wrong impression to outsiders-want of that steady principle, whether in politics, or business, or sport, which is the heritage of the older countries, with all their traditions of chivalry, and their old families trained in habits of statesmanship and lofty codes of honour. The young are always lectured by their orders: naturally they do not take kindly to it I note how many are eager to lecture the Australian colonies into steadiness. But I fear, however good the advice that we shall have- to buy our experience. I trust the price we pay may not be too heavy. Our great need is high principled leaders in all departments of Church and State-men who do not merely echo the sentiments of the mass but speak their own convictions, and would at once stand aside rather than move an inch out of the road which to them appears the true one. Let me impress upon you a truth which none of you will gainsay. We must not look vaguely about for our leaders expecting them to drop from the skies. We must produce them for ourselves. Great leaders are not casual excrescences upon a nation's system, governed by no law of life. Were the Hobiowpiophots, think you, accidental appearances ? No ; they were thrown up from the intensely earnest spirit of the Jewish nation, chosen and guided by God, as it was for a special purpose. They were as natural in one bombs in their sphere, and under God's guidance as the flower which is developed by the strong growing plant which has been duly nourished, and this lesson urge on you to take home to yourselves. For this reason no amount of trouble is misspent, I which is expended upon the young in teaching lessons of Godliness and Christian principle. Are we bent upon train- ing the next generation as Christians or not? Are we prepared to say that this paramount duty needs no aid from the State; and what is worse, no sympathy? Put thus plainly to ourselves, it makes us realise the gravity of the trend of some of the political forces of the day in Australia generally. At least we can all determine to act and argue, and vote as if there were a God above, as those who believe in Jesus Christ the Light of the world, and in the principles He taught. But this which seems self-evident when we are not in solemn session here is not in conformity with all the actions of our society. Sometimes we are afraid to sneak out with indignation, we accept selfish compacts with resignation, we condone crime and live beyond our means without compunction. We may even pass laws for the sake, of expediency, though we believe them un-Christian. Doubtless these are all the characteristics of the young nation which has much to learn before it becomes established in principle. But there is another view of youthful temper, in my opinion truer and nobler. What of the ideas born of ardent and spiritual hopes, the hatred of shams, the contempt for weak evasions, the love of straightforward dealing ?< This is the true, ideal of youth, the heritage of the younger sons of Christian England. It is not too much to say that this assembly, and those it represents, can effect all I have depicted and more in God's Providence. Give us then great leaders, you laity and clergy of the Church. Give them to us by the only na! ural process, through godly homes and a Christian society. Then men and women, full of the Holy, Ghost and, of power, will be sent us. in abundance, because we shall have laid the' obvious foundations which God has shown us how to plant. < your own course at least is clear. We trace an unbroken outward unity from apostolic times. We inherit, together with all Christian people, the holy laws and i precepts of the Great Shepherd and Bishop of our souls-the calls to become as little children to walk by faith, to love justice and mercy; to hate sin; to believe in one only course, whether in- public or in private of integrity. purity. and self-sacrificing love for all sorts and conditions of men, It is a bright and glorious heritage. If any ask us then what are the aims we set before our selves, let us answer in the words recorded as the final judgment of one of the most august assemblies that have ever been gathered in one place. in line with our own first great General Council we reply that in all things appertaining to the lot of a Christian community, " Let the ancient customs prevail." THE ESTIMATES. Mr. W. Lovett tabled the estimates for the current year. They were ordered to be printed, and made an Order of the Day for next day. vote of condolence. , Dean Dundas, by leave, moved,-"That the Synod express its deep sympathy with the lay representative of Glenorchy (Mr. John Hamilton; M.H.A.) on the recent death of his wife." Both he and his son-inlaw were absent in consequence of the sad bereavement. Mr. W. Tarleton seconded the motion, which was adopted. LYMINGTON ENDOWMENT FUND. Mr. F. Belstead moved, "That the question of the Lymington Endowment Fund now in the hands of the trustees of Church property he remitted to a Select Committee, with power to apply to the Supreme Court to declare the trusts of the said fund ; such committee to consist of Messrs. Tarleton, Shaw, Lucas, Butler, Stephens, and Belstead " It would be within the remembrance of the older members of the Synod that a similar committee to this was appointed last session with the same powers for the same purpose, and consisting of the same members. The committee went Id work and collected a considerable amount of information, and arrived at a conclusion and drew up a report. It had suggested itself to some of them although the practice had been to consider a committee expired with the expiring Synod, that this committee should not expire, but as they were dealing with an important subject they thought it better to put themselves in order and apply for the re-appointment of the committee. Mr. Lucas seconded the motion. Archdeacon Mason asked if it would interfere with the object the committee had in view if Mr. Belstead postponed his motion until the petition he had presented was before the Synod, so that the two subjects might be considered together. Mr. Belstead said it would interfere considerably with their object if the motion were continued to a future date. The committee had practically done their work, and it was simply their entitling to meet that night or next day and re-sign the report which had already been in the hands of most of the members and have it put before the Synod. Mr. W. Tarleton ' supported the motion, and said he was strongly opposed to Archdeacon Mason's views. The motion was agreed to. THE rULICATIOX OF SUJlSORTPrlONB. Mr. Mackenzie moved " That part IX of resolution 4, page 19 of the Official Record (or Year Book, page 45) for the year 1891 be rescinded." He pointed out that the resolution as it stood compelled churchwardens to public gash on the notice board at the churches a list of the annual subscriptions and donations to the Stipend Fund. He thought it was an objectionable rule, and should be abolished. Mr. W. A. K kum of de seconded the motion. Messrs. W. Lovett and R. J. Lucas opposed the motion. Mr. B. Shaw supported the motion, and said that while he did not approve of altering a resolution come to last session, still if it was objected to by some other country parishes it should be altered. Canon Finnis and Mr. B. T. Solly thought the objection might be removed if the amounts alone were published and not the names. After further discussion the motion was negatived on the voices. SESSIONAL ORDERS. On the motion of Archdeacon Mason, it was agreed that the Synod should meet daily at 2.30 p.m., and adjourn for an hour and a quarter at 6 p.m.; and that the Synod at its rising to-day adjourn till 2.30 p.m. to-morrow. ELECTION OF CKPROIIWABDENS. . Canon Adams, moved "That resolution 1870, 1871, page 84 of the digest, regulations Nos. 3 and 4, be altered to One or two persons . . . shall be churchwarden or wardens,' etc; No. 3. And No. 4 altered to Besides the chuichwurOen or wardens.' " The object of this resolution, he explained, was to give parishioners the alternative of electing one or two churchwardens, as they thought fit. Rev. C. J. Brammall (Sorell) seconded the motion. After discussion, Canon Adams withdrew his motion. Rev. C. J. Brammall moved,-"That in regulation 1, concerning churchwardens, the world December be expunged and the word 'March' substituted." His reason for asking for this change was that in agricultural districts a meeting might be assured in the latter mouth, whereas at present it was difficult to get a meeting in December on account of harvesting operations. Mr. Lucas seconded the motion. After discussion the debate was adjourned till next day. . RELIGIOUS KNOWLEDGE. Rev. J. H. W. Woolnough moved, "'That the report of the Inspector of Religious Knowledge be received, and printed in the Records of the Session." Agreed to. ADJOURNMENT. At 6 p.m. the Synod adjourned till 2.30 pm. next day. 