Blackfellow Criminals. BY N. BARTLEY. When "Dundalli" was executed for the murder of Mr. Gregor on 21st August, 1854, a few blacks witnessed the scene from about the present site of Adelaide-street, for Wickham-terrace waa not even surveyed till 1856, and it was not until 1869 that the dense forest, which covered it, was sufficiently cleared to afford a sight from it of what went on in Queen-street. Still, for all this scanty aboriginal attendance, the spec- tators were quite too numerous, for they in- cluded the little Brisbane children who were then passing on their various morning errands, and it was not a fit sight for them to see. In the same month, five years later, there waa a big gathering of the blacks on Wickham-terrace to see the execution, on 4th August, 1859, of "Ohamery" and "Dick," two Burnett River lads, sentenced for criminal assault on an old German woman, and whom Sir William Denison refused to reprieve; the authorities— never anxious that the blacks should see a murderer hanged, as "a life for a life" was already a well-known rule with them—caused all the available aboriginals to be sent for to see this execution for rape, in order to teach them that it ranked with murder, a lesson they were slow to learn at that time. " Kipper Billy," two years later, was another notorious black criminal quite in advance of the two callow Burnett boys already named. The Upper Brisbane River was the scene of his lawless exploits; he had an eye for white female beauty, and one handsome lady, the wife of a rich squatter there, carried a small revolver for his benefit, after hearing how he had spoken of her. He was a daring fellow, and after his capture be scaled the wall of Brisbane Gaol and would have got away, but a bullet from the carbine of Warder Armstrong killed him when on the top of the wall, and strange to say, no hole could be found in his head or any part of his body, and it was sup- posed that the bullet entered under the eye ball and remained in the skull. His head (like that of Griffin at Rockhampton in 1868) was stolen from the grave, greatly to the wrath of Shepherd Smith and Henry Bnokley, the churchwardens, or cemetery, trustees, of the period, and it were a bold man who " chaffed" either of them on the subject till some time after it happened. But the blacks were not always the sinners. There is a gruesome legend, hailing from the Macintyre Brook, and setting forth how a bevy of convict stockmen in the early pioneer days, not content with merely murdering a blackfellow, stripped off enough of his skin to make tobacco pouches from, and dried them in the fire smoke; but they had to "dree their weird" for it. It is related that, whenever they camped near the spot at night, they became aware of the figure of a black man sitting in a dejected attitude, with his hands hanging over his knees, at the foot of a tree on which the light of the camp fire shone. The figure was distinctly visible 50ft. away, but faded altogether if you approached within 5ft. of it, and reappeared as you retreated again. It was not at all " canny" (about the latter days of Louis Philippe) to sleep in the next room, at a primitive hotel of the Southern Downs, to that of some old bushman whose hands had taken human life. You heard words that you would gladly forget—yet words enough to make a man thankful if as had never known "drink" or "blood." The most beautiful strip of country in Australia is that bounded on the north by the road from Warwick to Cunningham's Gap, on the east by the Main Range, and on the south by the border of the colony; a tract which, for beauty, salubrity, and fertility combined, is un- surpassed in the world. Here stood Jubb's hotel (pulled down in 1859), the scene of many an old-time carouse, joke, and yarn. Jubb was formerly a servant of the Leslies, and it was here that brave Pat Leslie went down one night, to fight or silence a whole bar full of noisy bullock-drivers, whose shouts prevented Mrs. Leslie, at the other end of the house, from sleeping. It was at Jubb's, in 1852, that the youthful Lord Ker, and Lord Scott (a son of the Duke of Buoeleugh) put up when visiting this mountain scenery after a run through Sydney. Jubb once told me a hideous ghost story of murder, suicide, and a haunted dairy, near Goulburn, in New South Wales, and how the priest laid the ghosts—in his early days; but, as all the parties were white people, it is foreign to the tenor of this paper. 