^Lhz ( g s t o r ^ d k r - SCENES FROM LIFE'S STAGE. TEN ORIGINAL STORIES ? Bt Sib Gilbert E. Campbell, Babt., Author of " Detective Stories from Real Life,' : "The Avenging Hand," "The Mystery of MandeviJle Square," &c.; THE MAJOR'S BUNGALOW. Some three miles from the thriving town of Slowchester stood a house which differed very widely from those in its immediate vicinity, and indeed from any other in the neighbourhood. It was a one-storied, whitewashed build : ng, surmounted by a pyramidal-shaped roof of thatch, the eaves of which ca?ne down to within eight feet of the ground, after the manner of Anglo-Indian residences. The building was raised on a platform some four feet in height, which was approached on four sides by flights of steps, and a vruo v/ randah ran all round the building. Had it not been for the smilin.!! English landscape which was visible on all t ies, and tbe absence of torrid EUU and hot winds, the spectator might havo imagined t.'i^t he had been transported suddenly to the far iCast and was standing in front of one of tho n sidencee termed "bungalows," and in the latter part of his surmise he would not have been far wrong, for th6 strange looking dwelling hid been crected by a retirc-d Major of the H.E.I.C.S., wbo had declared that if ho must end his days in England he would do so in a house erected after the fashion of that in which he had spent the best years of hia life. In addition to the various large aud small rooms, all on the same floor, the Major had caused a series of underground chambers to be constructed, known in Indian parlance as "Tykbana," and used as refuges from the beat, though of what use they oould be in th« climate of Great Britain it would ba hard to imagine. As soon as the building was oompleted Major Strangeways took up his ahode in it, and, after a spasmodic plunge into society, led a morose and solitary life. The fact was that the Major, in addition to his military rank, had held the post of Political Agent at the Court of a native Rajah, and had been such an excessively great man there that he could not understand why everybody in the country did not bow down ta him. As he was of a touohy and quarrelsome disposition, he soon found what he considered legitimate cause of grievance against some ot the county families, and after much acrimonious correspondence and a proposal for a hostile meeting in Calais Sands with theDake of Falcontowers (which His Gr»ce declined), the Major in high dudgeon shut up the bungalow and returned to town, resolving that he would never set foot in Slawchester or the neighbourhood again. Some months after the hegira of Major Strangeways, tbe London police wc-re much puzzled by the skill and daring of a gang of c-oiners tbe members of which appeared to defy detection. Not only was their spurious money of such excellent make as to impose upon the most practised ezparts, but it was uttered in euch a judicious manner that the worthlessness of the coin mi saldom detected nntil it had passed through various hands, rendering recognition of the original holder almost an impossibility. Heavy rewards were offered by the authorities, and the best know* and moBt skilled detectives sat to work, but the coiners still remained at large, and as undissoverable as the philosopher's stone on theLand of Eldorado. Some six months had elapsed since the - Major had metaphorically shaken the dost of Slowchester from his shoes when, to the surprise of its inhabitants, he suddenly made his reappearance in that town, and this time not alone, but accompanied by a young and pretty woman ewne four-acd-thirty years his junior, whom he addressed as Mrs. Strangeways. After a short sojourn at one of the principal hotels in the town, the Major and his spouse tcok up their quarters in the bungalow. And now a fresh and a very uncomfortable, phase appeared in the Major's life. Mrs. Strangeways, being young and fond of pleasure, was naturally a good deal, chagrined at finding that her husband's qaarrelsome disposition had debarred her from the enjoyment of the balls, concerts, and dinner parties with which tho inhabitants of Slowchester and its environs were accustomed to recruit themselves, and spoko her mind pretty freely to her husband on the subject. The servants—those unlicensed purveyors of scandal, and the ecource from which so many society papers draw their revelations as to the doings of the fashionable world—reported terrible scenes of recrimination between the husband and the wife, he alleging that she had married him entirely for hi* money, and she asserting that she had not entered into the bonds of wedlock for the purpose of being buried alive in a heathenish house with a quarrelsome old man. " At any rate/' said the irate lady, " if I can see no one else, I presume I may have some of my own relations down to visit met" "No, yon may not, madam," snapped the Major. It was a part of the bargain when I married yon that yoa were to cut yourself adrift from all that low crew, who were utterly unfit to associate with an offioer and a gentleman, who has had the honour to hold the post of Political Resident at the Court of tbe Rajah of Nawaballaganpe." " Why, aoeording to your own showing, no one seems fit to associate with you," sneered the lady. " It seems to me as if people had the same idea about you, and I am not certain that they are far wrong; at any rate, I am not going to be mewed up in thii dull hole, and if I can't have pa and ma down to Bee_ me, I suppose that there will be no objeotion to brother Will; everybody says that be is quite tbe gentleman." " Quite the gentleman," snarled the Major. "A fellow with the look of a bully, the manners of a prizefighter, and the language of a tout. No, thank you, madam, no brother - Will for me." "Yon weazened old humbug,"retorted the lady, placing her arms akimbo, "vou wonld be glad enough to be a fine young fellow like WiU; but you was not anything but a beggarly swaddy, all red cloth and pipeclay, and only ai si am one at that, for as I find you never were - in the regular army after all." This was too much for the Major's patience. He had great faith in corporal punishment, and making for a favourite bamboo which itood in the corner of the room, and with which he had chastised many peacant khitaaaghore, Syces, and bearers, he proceeded to lay it over his wife's shoulders. The lady, however, was not disposed to subnit tamely to marital discipline, and aB this altercation bad taken place at the breakfast jable, the Major, after a deluge of scalding ie», was compelled to beat a retreat, followed by a well-sustained fire of buttered muffins, rumbled eggs, *nd fried bacon. Mrs. Strangeways had achieved a decided 7ictoiy, and the Major never afterwards - attempted manual oorrection, contenting himself with violent objurgations, accompanied by torrente of abuse in Hindustani. Even brother Will was permitted to pay lavish, and in due time he arrived, a swaggering, bull-necked young man, evidently possessed of great strength, end of a cast of features seldom seen outside of one of Her Majesty's Houses oE Detention. In his own way he tried to be civil to the gov'nor, as heinvariably termed the Major, hat the ex- Political Resident would have none pi his advances, and eo the visitor, cursing his host for a etnok-np old dog, subsided into his sister e society. "And you think that there would be nochance of persuading the old bloke, SueT asked brother William, as he was seated in the verandah smoking a long clay pipe, and drinking gin and water. . "Not an atom," answered tbe lady, decidedly. " He wonld be the first to hand yoa over to the gents in blue." " "It's an infernal pity," returned brother Will, in musing aooents. " The crib is built a* if he had the business in his mind, and more, that people in town are getting so mighty inquisitive. The plant would thrive well in country air." . .... , , "Well, there's no use in thinking ot it, answered the lady, taking a hearty sip of her brother's refreshment, "at least, as long as he is alive, and how long his inside will last with all those burning things he takeB, is more than I can say. 'Chellye,'he oalls'em. 'Hot unB', says 1, if you ask me." "As long as he iB alive," repeated Will, thoughtfully, "then it isn't you as has any objection?" " Not I," returned Mrs. Strangeways, do you think that if I was a widow with plenty of oof, I'd stay down here; no, in such a ca9e- London for me, my lad." " Here come out into the grounds, and lets have a talk, Sue," said her brother. "No one knows who is around the corner a listening in. "this thundering verandy." t Mrs. Straneewaye complied, and for nearly half an hour Brother and sister paced up and down engaged in earnest conversation. The next day Brother Will, alleging that hehad to attend a race meeting, took his leaver and the Strangeways were left to enjoy their connubial happiness undisturbed. Two days afterward* every available spot in Slowchester waa placarded with bills announcing the arrival of Hermann Triamegisters, the wonderful Magician of the Four Winds. Mrs. Strangeways declared her intention of heinar present at wbat^ *jw magician modestly declared to be his unparalleled Scene of Preternatural Delusions. "Pooh, pooh," remarked the Major, ' the fellow is a humbug. Yon should see eome of our Indian jugglers, Mrs. Strangeways. 1 wouldn't etir a step to Be* the fellow. . h "So I supposed," answered , ? v™f' placidly," and therefore yon canstav at home, and ake care of the house. I *m comg to take all the servants, and as the note think me geod eneugh to asaooiate with, I have secured the two rows of front seats, and have given tb« ticketsto all tihe loafers in the town. Ill make the a wells sit upabit, you bet." Major Strangeways was secretly delighted At this snub to the Slowchester ariatooraoy, but lie felt it his bounden duty to grumble at being left at home, to which, howe >er, his wife paid no heed. The performance was a long one, and when Mrs. Strangeways, at the head of her establishment, returned home, a terrible surprise Major Strangeways, banged by tae u», , as dead as the late liaju.li over whom he had • exercised surveillance iu a political capacity. Of course, the ftmale servants shrinked, the male stared, and the bereaved wife thought it necessarv to go iuto a tit of tearing hysterics, destroviug everything which came within her S ' x'.e ^ice/.nd assistance arrived in due course, and when the Major was cut down the two men who were supporting the body were almost prostrated by the enormous weight of the corpse. An examination of the clothes of the deceacid, however, showed that every pocKeo wsstlkd with coin; and that a handkerchief, heavily weighted with four and five shilling pieces, was fastened round the waist. _ 1 At " first " it " was surmised that the Tifnm* Major hoi) had thus loadtdhimself with silver coinage in order to make his death immediate; but when every one of the uieces of money was discovered to be base metal, and of the same manufacture as had puazled the heads of the Scotland Yard authorities, the county police began to open their eyes very wide indeed. Farther enquiry showed that during the Major's visit to town after his quarrel with the neighbours, he had gone down to the docks to see the last of some old friends who ware about to sail for tha land of the Pagoda-tr«*; and that in Jamaica-road he had been seriously smitten by the charms of a buxom d&nual; who was walking swiftly •long. "No fool Iik» the old fool," as the paying goes, andBO the amorous Major stalked his quarry to a low beerehop kept by the father of the charmer. Explanations earned, and after a very brief delay the Major found himself married decidedly in haste, and left to repent rery much at hie leisure. Curiously enough the beerhouse from which the Major had taken his bride had, from various auspioioui circumstances, been strictly watched by tha police when on the lookout tor the coiners, but the proprietor wa» a wary old bird, upon whose tail the detectives had been unable to sprinkle one grain of salt The rural police were now quite satisfied; the Major's capital bad set the spurious mint to neork, and after amasBing a gigantic fortune, xemose had overtaken him, and he had hung himself with such of his base metal as he had been unable to dicpose of stowed away about) his person. This view was generally adopted by the county. The Coroner's Jury returned verdict of "Suicide whilst labouring under temporary insanity,'' and as soon as the funeral obsequies were over the widow returned to London and began to enjoy herself thoroughly after her own fashion. There was one person, however, who, in his •own mind, declined to accept the explanation, • and that was a detective of the name of ! fienshaw, who had been one of those engaged in the unsuccessful attempt to hunt down the coiners. On the news of the tragio occurrence he had hurried • . down : to . ! Slowchester c .1 and made a minute examination of the scene •of the sad occurrence. He found that before going out and hanging himself tbe Major had been recruiting nature with a glass of brandy and -water—brandy pant, a) he would doubtless have termed it— for an empty tumbler and unoorked bottle of brandy, and a glass jug, containing water, were standing upon the table in a room close to thn spot where the Major had made his exit from this world of trouble. He must have then either fallen backwards heavily or else dashtd bis chair upon the ground with such violence as to break the back, and then, doubtless enraged at this occurrence, and have wif^r^^k~rope"hanV.""an article SoTnUemanTs^ver without/gone out into the verandah and hanged himself. "An a," mused the detective, "hanged himself """ in the rummest manner * I ever saw. ™ How he managed, being a short man of 4 ft. 9 in., to get the rope over the rafter so as to fasten the other end to one of the pillars of the verandah, is more than I can tell, but we will let that pass for the time. When he was found his feet were some 4 ft. from the . .ground, and as there was no chair, stool, or tabl near, he must have made a shot at the noose, and with all that weight of pewter round him, have jumped his neck (dean into the loop and done the trick. It won't wash, Tom'Renshaw, it won't watb, and so it's no good saying that it wilL" The result of his oogitation was that Tom . Renshaw had an interview with the Coroner, . and pointed out to him that if these points were made public, the criminal, supposing that the Major had not oome to his death by fair means, would be on the alert, and most likely baffle the police. The Coroner agreed to take this view of the : matter, and several important points were not brought before the Jury, though a post-mortem \- examination of the body was made by a medica man, to whom the bottle of brandy found upon the table was handed over. Until the departure of tbe widow, Renshaw pervaded the neighbourhood, but with no result and for three weeks he appeared to take no further notice of the matter. One day he returned to his lodgings after having been . summoned to a consultation with one of his superiors in the Yard, and lighting his pipe, began, as was his custom, to coliliquise. " Ana so our friends the smashers have started a new game, and are taking in the money \- changers, with the best imitation of the Napo- ^ _ leon 1 have ever seen," added he, glancing^at the shining coin in his hand. "The police . bave found the ken where they are manufactured, but the birds had all flown, and there wasn't a single piece of duffing make left behind. I believe firmlythat fellow Will is in it, ' brother of her that- married the poor old Major. He ain't in town, and hanged if I haven't my own thoughts as to where the stuff bag with great care, and then having seen that a small deal case was perfectly secure, took the train, and in the course of three hours was • safely deposited at the Slowchester Station. Tom Renshaw appeared to take matters very easily. He partook of the beat dinner which the modest hostelry at which he had put up conld supply, and then descending to the tap, lit his pipe, and listened to the conversation which was going on around him. The matter which was being discussed with such vehemence evidently had relation to the existence or non-existence of ghosts, and the believer in the supernatural had just put forward what he evidently considered a clinching . argument. " Well, if thee doesn't believe in 'um, jest let thee come along with me to the old Major's bungalow, as he called it, and if thee doesn't see the old man hanging himself, I'm a Dutchman, and I can't say no fairer than that." " Perhaps you'll say you saw it yourself," re -torted his opponent, with a sneer. " That's jest wot I did," answered the other; "now, will thee come along of I, and get convinced V " Not I," returned the other, " not that I believe in the rubbish, or am a bit afraid but"-„ , . ,. , a afraid,' broke „ in the first Bpeaker, with i - n ', t withering sarcasm, "but for all that, he'd be danged afore he'd come." The conversation threatened to take rather an _ acrimonious turn, and Renshaw hastened to interfere, and by aint of supplying beer to both disputants he contrived not only to make peace, but also to be put in possestion of the facts, which were that the deceased Major had been seen by more than one person who had ventured near the deserted bungalow after nightfall, walking up and down the verandah, with a rope in his hand, as if meditating ^The 6 detective listened very attentively to the long rigmarolewhich w^s poured into his ears, and after mentally separating the chaff r from the wheat, astonished the company by abruptly wishing "them " good-night," and retiring to bed The next morning be rose with the lark, and after paying his bill, made hi* way to the police station, carrying with him hia small .amount of luggage, not forgetting tha dsal bos, which he handled with the greatest care. After a long private conversation with the Inspector he remarked—" Then eleven o'clock -to-mgbt. "Yes," replied the official. "I and the other will meet you at the bridge over the Swirl." "You will do the thing all right, I know," observed Renshaw; " but how about the other fellow? Some of these yokels are so confoundedly stupid." "I am not going to take one of my men," returned the Inspector, " but my brother-inlaw. He has seen so much of the work that he is almost as good as a professional; besides, I will post him up.' : "All right," answered Renshaw, "thtn good-by, until eleven to-ni&ht.;" "Won't you come and have a bit of dinner with . . m«'?" .,,. suggested .— the Inspector, —i-—'tho S a t one"' 6 ^ b °' led ^' a n d * ree3S I ; 3So, thank you, replied Renshaw ; "I shall devote to day to pleasure, I think I will go i over tbe county jail." j That evening, at eleven o'u! >c.k, three m;-t; j might bnve been seen crossing tho fieldswhion j led to the house formerly occupied by tha unfortunate Major. They did not venture into I the op'-n, but kept as much to tun ru-,-r.- ! afforded by tbe hedgerows as they could, and by that means reached a small plantation ! j i ' which stood within a few yards of the bungalow. After a brief consultation two of the men stepped out into the bright moonlight and walked leisurely towards the front of the house whilst the third crept quietly towards the back. The two men who had advanced towards the front, suddenly stopped short, and raised their hands in the air with a gesture of interna horror, for, standing in the verandah was a figure which might well have filledthe stoutest heart with dread. It was that of a wan been in the habit of wearing-. The face was white and colourless, and in its hands it had a noose with which it made sundry weird movements, throwing it up into the air and catching it on its neck, , then 6training . at it with . , both its hands, as though striving to tighten it ^glided J round ^ ^ the J corner ^ J of ^ the Thouse, ' r and J tool; ^ up its position immediately behind the apparition which had causcd so much apparent alarm to the spectators. Tho second figure was dressed in the same manner as the first,but the face was; even more white and d«idlooking, and the eyes, which were sun* deep into their sockets, seemed to bum with a ambent fire. For a moment it stood motionless and then with a sudden movement s grasped the rope and drew the noose tightly round the neck of the first figure. sJ^t&aTdtln; f i d%XPn l ™ proximity to a fac simile of itself. With a wild shriek he fell to the ground, his limbs quivering, and the foam flying from his lips, evidently stricken down by the extremity ol his terror. In a moment the spectators darted forward and laid their hands upon the struggling man. "Why, who are you?" demanded the Inspector playing the ghost, dressed up in tb6 dead man's clothes. You will have to give an account of ydnreelf over this, I can promise you." Somewhat revived by the Bound of a human voioe, the prostrate man opened his eyes, but closed them again with a feint cry as they fell Save me "There is the Major's ghoet; he tried to tried to strangle me juet now." "The Major's ghost!" repeated the Inspector's companion, looking round; " why, I can see nothing of the sort." "Do you mean to say," demanded the terrified ghost-player, in quivering accents, "that you do not see his ghost standing there, shaking hiB fistat me V' "I see no ghost," returned the Inspector, stolidly. " Then I may as well give m, muttered the brother of the Major's widow. " See, there he goes," he added, as the figureglided out of sight behind the corner cf the house, " but he will come back, and I shall go mad if I see him again. Take him away ; I killed the old man." "Remember, any statement you may make will be used against you," said the Inspector. "I don't care; only don't let me see his white face any more," groaned the man; "; take me off. and hang me out of the way." ! And then the terrified wretch poured out his confeseion. He had long wanted the bunga low to carry liie on oiefa* his ttiaf nefarious li i • hmf.nAr.in.laur traffic, and find- ing from his sister that his brother-in-law was van impracticable on tbe matter, he had determined to make away with him. On the night cf Mrs. Strangeway's visit to the conjurer he had stolen back and managed to drug the Major's brandy, and when the poor old - man fell insensible from his chair had ruthlessly I strong him up to the verandah, and left him ! to strangle slowly. Afterwards he played the ghost, so that the bungalow might have a bad name) and so that he might carry on the work undisturbed. He declared that his sister was : perfectly ignorant of the crime. Kenshaw, as already stated, had entertained certain suspioions from the first,and had some sort of vague idea that tho bungalow would be made thefead-quarters of the crime. Inorder to pursue his investigations with greater safety to himself, he had determined to impersonate the Major's ghost, and in that end had had a complete suit made similar to that which the old man was in the habit of wearing. In addition to this, by the connivance of the doctor, a plaster cast had been taken of the dead man's features, and it was this extraordinary resemblance to bis victim which had so terrified the e murderer. Brother Will was hung upon his own confession, but Renshaw thought it best to keep in the background the fact tbat he had played the second ghost at the Major's bungalow. THE END. Next Week, THE LION'S BRIDE 