GENERAL NEWS. OUR LONDON LETTER, Br Oun ComiKSPOXDENT. LONDON, 15TH J ui.Y. The fame and. . reputation of hor Moat Gracious Majesty aro world wida. A ncgross, aged 76, lias, arrived in Liverpool from Mon rovia, in West Africa, for tho purposo of seeing the Queen. Mrs. 'Martha Six, tho old lady in question, was born in slavoty in the United Statos, and when a few years old was purchased by her father nnd taken by him to Liborin. There sho has livod cvor since, and for 50 years sho has been saving bcr money with .the view of , visiting England, scoihg tho Quoon nnd presenting hor witli a quilt of white satin, whioh is embroidered with representations of Libcrinn coffco trees. Speaking of the days of slavery tbo poor old woman said : — " Our only, friond was England and our mother, the Queen. . Once wo put our foot down in England we were frco. Wo nil lovod England muoh; . and wo wanted to seo hor noble people and hor Queen. We call her our mothori land,' call .her mother now. I want to go. 'to Indon and see the Quoen. .1 know'I cannot speak to hor, but I hopofo soo her passing along,', and then I.wlU return to my farm ih.Lthoriaahd dio contented. The Lord .'told mo I 'should soe tho. Queen',', and I know I will." '. . ". ' . . . ' '. The only npyelty.in Ithe thoatfical worldfias boon tho production by the Independent Theatre of Tho Goldfish, a translation by' .M. do Mattos of a play which has been a great sucoess in Holland. Tile lady who gives the title to the Work, Marie Koorders, has been married by a banker named Herman Kobrdera for tbo sake of bcr money. He has no aflfeotion for bis. wife, and. is warmly at tached to another woman, Greta Roskam'p, with whom lie had been living and by whom ho had had 'a son. Tbo banker is a thoroughpaced scoundrel. Ho has cheated his customers, ho has speculated with their money, and has lost It. His only hopo of maintaining his position is to induco his wifo to give him tho control of her fortune. At the Bama moment his wife learns of his ruin and of his faithlessness. She goes to the house of her rival just as the little boy, tho issuo of the intrigue, hasdicd. Marie is oiiild- Ieas, and her rage whon she learns tho truth from Greta, who tolls her that Koorders lias not only deceived, but liasridiciiled, iter is naturally great. Both women tarn upon Koorders, and ho has a very bad quarter of an hour! But finally tbo wife forgives him on condition of his taking her fortune, not for new speculations, hut for paying his debts, and beginning a life. of poverty in a new land. There is nothing Dutch about the play. Tho sceao might be laid in Melbourno or in London. In all cities there are swindling speculators, and gentlemen with two minaga . Tho piece was welIacted,ahdonealmost forgot the .moral shortcomings oi. Greta Eoskamp in her misery. Miss Maud Milton was grand in her vindictivcness and spite against her lover. Miss Jessio'Miliivsrd was sympathetic atid 'tender as the wifo ; while as for tho husband, Mr. Abing don mndo him tho cur and craven tliat he really is. But I fail to see why; Tlio Goldfish should have been played at. tho,. Independent Theatre.- I boo no ronson why a liebneo should not have been applied for and obtained. It was not like Ghosts or Salome, but might pass muster on auy stage in tlio world. ' That emigration is. larger in good times than in bad is a faet that oan be ascertained from inspection of tbo statistios bearing on the ques tion. Tho reason is. that people liavo thensparo money at their disposal. Tlio High Commis sioner of Canada is of a different opinion, and he arrives at it from his correspondence — evidence whioh is insufficient when weighed against the statistical. It does nob appear to him that tiierc is tho samo tendency on the part of people to leave-their homes and sur roundings when things look bright as when the prospect is gloomy. No matter what may be said to tho contrary, thero is, lie believes, a deeply rooted attachment in tho United King dom on tbo part of ita inhabitants to the land of their birth, and one of the great difficulties whioh lias to be. 'contended with in inducing " suitable classes' to emigrate, except . when tbe people are join ing friends, is the faot that they invariably put' oil the thought of emigration until it remains their only alternative. This sounds like plausible argument, but, on the other band, it must be kept lit mind that .there are two blassoi of emi grants— those who nre led by the hopo of better-, ing their position, and, those who are compelled to seize every opportunity to' get away from' their inability to earn' a livelihood where, they have been accustomed to look for it. Fortii-. nately tho former class supply the ' most numerous body of emigrants, and they like to take with them some surplus cash after defray ing the cost of passage. The absolutely ira- pcounious classes aro no doubt in tbe majority in all old countries, but only a .few of thorn, for a reason that should bo obvious, cmigrato. "When times are bad the charitable olemont comes into play, but this provision for emigration is quits inconsiderable when compared with the spontaneous move ment. Tiio High Commissioner does not seem to have bad those considerations boforo him. Tho outlook in Russia is gloomy, and it may besot down as certain that for at least 12 months louger llioro will bo no recovery from tho depression caused by tbo famine. The country is less able to bear ft pro longation of adversity than it was to sustain tbe first shook of the disaster. The value of tho papor rouble may bo expeoted to suffer further depreciation, and tbo national credit is only kopt aliva in a feeblo way by rofraining from putting it to tho test by attempting to float another loan. Exagger ated staloments as to tho promising appoarance of the new crop do not receive oredenco, and in all branohes of tbe national industries there is depression, from which there is but lit- . tie prospect of early relief. It may be doubted if tlio Government is sufficiently impressed with tho perilous state of tho country ; but for ovory shortcoming of theirs a penalty will have to bo paid, and thero the matter will ond for the timo being, whatovcr tho ultimnto effect may be, Tlio pooplo will liavo to struggle through their difficulties, nnd will — those who survive— soonor or Inter emerge from them, perhaps even tlio hotter for thoir hotter experience. It is to he hoped .that their rulers will also acquire wisdom, and perceiro the necessity of liberalising tho nnoient institutions of tlio Empire with a view to enable tho masses to bocorae solf helping nnd self reliant. . The neoesslty for taking precautions ngainst tho introduction of oholern lias bocn impressed upon the several Governments in. Central Europe, and oven in England , tbo powers con ferred, by tho Publio Health Aot aro being more sovoroiy administered. . Even tlio slight out break of doubtful oholorh in. Paris lms caused si sonre, although something of 'the. snmo sort may always . bo expected during tlio fruit season," and it may even ho found to bo the, case that summer disrrhcca docB more good than harm, notwithstanding tho number , who fall viotims to it. In 'England, all that has been done is tho revival of tho old fashioned intordiet against tiie importation of rags, and it is brougbt.to bear on the Fronoli trade alone.. The regulations have' been issued from the bffioo of. the Local Government Board, ' and ore tb. be ob-! served by all port, urban, and ' rural sanitary authorities, as well' as by commanders of vessels. -Thero is not,, however, any. pubiio alarml ' \ .Tho new FrancoJVimiau flog, which has-been got ready for tlio fflto day of the Republic, is a very ugly .'piece.' of. art , workmanship." "It is divided horizontally, tho' upper half displaying, the Frcnoh colors and tho lower half tlio Rus sian. ' Strange to any; tills is designed as a compliment to the . Russians, the ldoa being that the Frcnolt offer their nllianoe to tho Czar, extending spontaneously to him a sort of benevolent protection ; but it is hnrdly likely that tho Russianswill seo tbe matter in the same light. In' the flag of tho British Union, tho Irish and tlio Soqtob emblems ocaupy separate quarters, and in tho Austria- uuiinimu «»b ww uitioiuu m jicipcir diouiar, so, that the two colors Btand on an equality, side by aide. It may be safely predicted that . the new Franco- Russian flag willnotbo ox tensivelydis'plaj'ediriSt. Petersburg, as the Czar will not readily admit that in the proposed alliance Franoe is to be acknowledged ns tho sonior partner. Fronoli self, concoit is evidently color blind. It has been remarked that tho new flag is destined to tnke its place in tbo museums of the future as a carious his torical rolie, but it; is more likely to have suoh a brief oxistenec that it wiil not acquire any historical value whatever. The German Emperor, is going whale .bunting — a noble sport, so far at least as the whale' is concerned. It . is also a 'safe ono for the on lookers, but it is a canon of sportsmanship that the dangers of tho chase should be shared alike by the whole .field, and some curiosity will be felt, as to the rote syhioh tho Emporor will under, tako.to play. He takes his passage on board the. whalor Duncan Groy, and,' of course, he will not like, to return till after a whale lias been' caught. The chase may be a long one, for whales are not amenable to Imperial mandate. An ondcavor will be made to bring off the event on the Norwegian coast, .whithe'rwards excursion- ists from nil parts of .Europe aro now' wending their way in search of tho midnight sun— a sport of a still more innocont description. Prineo Bismarck has lost liis tempor, and is particularly angry with tlie'Einperor and liis iChancellor for preventing him from having an nterviow with the Emperor of Austria at Vienna, although it does not nppcar that thoy did anything more than call attention to the faot that anything he might say must be dovoid of o uthority. The German Emperor appears to liavo recelvod tho attack of the prince with great coolness, although he has the power to institute legal proceedings against him. It is timo that Prince Bismarck should bavo learnt thnt' there is not room in Germany for two emperors, that a politician ont of place and power is a very ordinary individual, and tho marriage of ono of liis family is of very slight importance to the rest of the world. Since hisfall from his high estate he has shown himsolf to be quite a small minded man, without any abiding prin ciple, irasciblo and disagreeable in his demeanor ; and it may be safely predicted that if he docs not leave off his habit of self assertion, he will fall lower and lower in tlio public estimation. There is a difficulty in verifying the news that comes from Tonquin, for the French, unlike the English, pursuo a policy of suppression in.refcr-, once to all: unpleasant details, and thore are no correspondents of the press who can supply the deflciehoy.' The. "pirates'." who so frequently give annoyance to the French', inflicting heavy losses on their troops, have been again at work, and as usual the acknowledgment of tho faot is accompanied with ah assurance that tiie French colonel will pursue them in the hopo of cutting them off. It was only after many weary years that tbe French obtained in Algeria a respite from tbe attacks of tho Kabyles ; but thero the French had the ciimato on their side, while in Anam and Tonquin it is their implacable enemy. Political parties in Franoe deserve to liavo it recognised to their credit that they Beldom seek to embarrass their Ministries with questionings on foreign and colonial policy. Frenchmen are unanimous in upholding the glory of their country, whereas in England a disaster abroad is wolcomed by .the Opposition of tho day as affording welcome, aid in tbo struggle for party sup'romuoy. In this respect they manage things bhtter: in Franoe than in England. The Germans are experiencing fresh difficul ties in the Oameroons. The expedition into tho interior has proved a failure, and its leaders have returned to tho coast, where they are suffering from illness. Baffled and disspirited, they attribute their failure to tho bad conduct of tho men who bad been eiilistod on the Gold Coast, but somothing of this kind is almost always happening, and should be looked forward to as ono of a series of inevitable, although sometimes controUablo, incidents. The failure of the Kilimanjera expedition on the oast coast was less exoiisablb, becauBo thore tlio climate is much moro endurable than in tbe west, nnd tiie locality was at' no great distance ' from head- , quarters. If tho Germans do not koop thoir ground in tho country whioh was doomed the most suitable for scttlom'ont tiicir prospects can not bo rogardod as encouraging, for oven por- severanco does not always command sucoess. The Premier of New South "Wales, -Mr. Dibbs, has .been crodlted with the intontion of oponing negotiations for tlio purpose of inducing England to relinquish her intciest in tho New Hebrides in return for the cession by Franoe to Great Britain of her .settlement in New Caledonia. Proposals of this " kind are fro- quently made, but soldom realised, and this par ticular matter soaroely comes within tbo range of praotioal politics. It sooms unreasonable to expect that. Frbnao should give up a. eompar-. alively. largo and completely formed colony' for a half -.'-share in the protectorate of a small group of islands which liavo yet to ho-bronght under organised .subjection. If any progress is to bo mndo in the business, negotiations will liavo to be opened up primarily with France, not with - England, and this first etop - has. not yet been taken. The . question ' is, . Mr. Dibbs .admits, scarcely .. ripe, even from an Australian point of view. It .is quito" likely, in the natural oourso of events, -- that the- whole of Polynesia will boooine. English,' and. porliaps it. may. bo ..as -well todenvo future! developments- linforoe'd, -a .watoh, being in the, meantime kepton passing, events witli the vibiir' of taking advantage ,of circumstances -as. .the/.' present ' thpmseivek. , Question's ; affecting". New Calodonlii .are of - special - interest to Now, South Wales, .inasmuch as tho Sydney- traders had a footing thore hofore the Frenoh took possession, and they have had all along a considerable sliaro of tbo trade of tho islands. Thoy have merely to maintain their position, and on Huitablo occasions to . take means for improving it, espeoialiy by taking an interest in tbe mines.' Political questions may be left to tbo healing influenoe of time. Thoy do not rcquiro to be forcod. 