BALLARAT HOLINESS CONVEN TION. The sessions of the Holiness Convention for the purpose of deepening spiritual life commenced yesterday morning in the Lydiard street Wesleyan Church, and were continued throughout the afternoon a«d evening. At 7 a.m., a prayer meeting was held in the church at which them was a large attendance. At 10 30 the convention began. The chair was taken by the Rev, John VVatsfnrd, and on the platform were the R-vs. Wilson, Matthews, Hart, J. B 1 Johnson, C. Lan caster, E. Turner, A. Bird, Dr Porter, C. C*meron, J. E. Harrison, S. Cuthbert, A. E. Wellard, K-ast, and Nioholls. During the day a number of other ministers arrived from various parts of the colony. The con vention choir, under Mr Fiicke, with Miss Hawaii as organist, led the singing, which was of a hearty and inspiring character. The meeting was opened by singing, and prayer by the Rev. A. Bird. The president then delivered his inaugural address. Mr Watsford said that when the committee of the convention requested him to preside at the Ballarat meetings he ac cepted with fear and trembling. But he (Mr Watsford) knew the congregations would not look to him, but to G"d. Jere miah the prophet had said, “ 0, Lord, I am ns a little child.” Though he (the chairman) felt he was only a child, yet_God was with him, and could make the weakest thing -, bring forth glory to His name. Ho had for a long time held and preached the doctrine of entire sanctification. Be tween two. and- three years ago he was afflicted with illness. His friends said he was at the gates of death. He thought he was at the gates of heaven. He was sore he was sent back to life and health in answer to prayer. For nine months be was unable to preach or work for Christ; he heard the voice of God say “ rest.” For what he ex perienced during that nine months of God’s grace he would never cease to praise His holy name. He felt he was restored by God to work more fully and unreservedly Jnr His cause, and . that it was specially laid upon him to preach full sanctification and to urge and impress believers to accept the blessing. God had graciously given him bodily strength which ,had not failed,him during this work;- They were' mel' together for the purpose of deepening. the. spiritual life and being filled with the Holy Ghost. In Isaiah 44 chap , 2 and 3 verses, and in St. Matthew iii. and 11 verse, also the 2nd chap, of Acts, they would find the woik of the'flnly Ghost spoken of. The speaker here quoted and referred briefly , to numerous passages of Scripture bearing on the subject. The work of the Holy Ghost was realised in believers and in convicting persons of sin. Whether it was the baptism of the Holy Ghost or the Holy Ghost poured upon us, or working in us, the effects would be manifest in the life of those upon whom the Spirit operated. What was given to the disciples on the day of’ Pentecost was intended for the church throughout all ages, and what was received then might be received now. Every true believer had the Holy Ghost and the in dwelling of the Spirit, no matter what church he belonged to. Believers might have received the Holy Ghost, and yet not be filled to the extent of their glorious privi lege. In Corinthians Paul called the Christians babes, and exhorted them to cleanse themselves and perfect themselves in holiness and .the fear of the Lord. After the resurrection Christ-said, “Receive ye the Holy Ghost,” and on the day of Pentecost the disciples were filled with the Holy Ghost, The darkness gave way, and they were clear in the truth. Doubt, unbelief, fear of man, and selfishness were all taken away. They did not trouble about “ who should be the greatest.” Love ta Christ filled their hearts, and love to one another reigosd amongst them. Under the first sermon 3000 were brought to a knowledge of the truth. Since the descent of the Hdy Spirit in pentecostal times others had felt the presence and power of the Comforter. If time permitted, instances conld be given of the many remark able men who in modern days had been tilled to overflowing with the Spirit. A number of devoted women, who were watching the progress of the Christian labors of D. L. Moody, prayed that the Holy Spirit might come upon him. Mr Moody, in answer to prayer, received the gift, and he had been travelling through the world as a flame of holy fir- and zeal, winning many souls for Christ. When Wesley, Whitfield, and the heroio Moravians waited till 3 a.m. iu the morning, pleading with God for the outpouring of the Spirit, the power 'came down, and great grace rested upon them all. That was truly a baptism of fire, the cts qf which' have Had a marked influenoa on the present cen tury. Now, what was to satisfy them at that convention? Suppose God from His throne to-day should say, “I will fill you if you will only receive,” should they want more? God spoke to them from His re vealed word. “I will pour water on him that is thirsty. Be filled not with wine, but witli the Spirit," As sure as they came in faith, so sure would the work.be done. No Christlike life was to be found till they got that filling. Then pride, covetousness, anger, and self will be abolished. What had they been doing as ministers and churches ? The world sometimes laughed at them. Why had they not more influence with the masses? The disciples could not cast out the devils; neither could they unless they, were filled with the Spirit. Look at the devil of intemperance and the devil of unclnanness. Why were churches not a more powerful factor in reducing .these evils? He would unhesitatingly say, be cause th-y are not filled with the Spirit, and because nf unbelief, Christ said, “ If any man thirst, let him come unto me,” That was the only preparation needed. “If any man thirst.” Thirst meant need, and if they were thirsty they would do anything to satisfy it. Coming to drink meant believing on Christ. Grid wanted them to take His promises. They were only kept thirsty just as long ns they kept back a full surrender. That surrender could be made. He trusted that during .the convention many would enter into the experience and privilege of entire sanctification, and that many sinners would bn brought to a saving knowledge of the'truth ns it is in Jesus, According to their faith so.they would be blessed. Addressee were also given by the Revs, S. Knight and A. Bird. In the afternoon there was a very large attendance and the Revs. Allan Webb and J. Ei Harrison addressed the meeting which was opened with prayer by the Rsv. Matthew Hart, of Foolscray. The Rev. Allan Webb said the promises of our Lord secured the indwelling and out flowing of the Holy Ghost. When JesusChri-t was glorified, the Holy Ghost was promised, and that was amply fulfilled at the day of Pentecost. Men thought the Apostles were filled with wine, but their faces were illuminated with oceans of blessing. Around that nucleus nf the future Christian church was a magnificent display nf the power of God and His liberal gifts of grace. To say that a Christian whs like a well of water might seem extravagant in modern times, when so much is said about professors of religion, yet a' Christian should be a well of living water in the midst nf the sterility of the world. From every Christian should flow a copiousness ' of religious life, in fluencing and blessing those around. There seemed to be too much of the patent hydraulic system in church effort to day. There was ,the,.talented .ministry, the handsome houses of prayer, but where was the life and power? .Christ must be exalted to the first position if true success was to be attained. Christ must be glorified in the pulpit, in the home, and Ho must be en throned in our business and social life. Christ must be enthroned in the intellect also. A life »f perpetual service to Christ would leave no time for homage to Satan. Their hearts should be full of joyous service, and he trusted they would that afternoon “Crown Him Lord of all." The Rev. J. Bast Harrison said that what they were dealing with was what should be the normal Christian life of all. It was what Christ expected of each one. They should consider that all privileges were theirs. The Christian was nailed to an absolute surrender, and multitudes nf Christians bsd never faced this. Some thought it too great a requirement, hut Christ said, “If any man will come after Me let him-take up his cross and follow Me.” They must take up their cross, no matter what the consequences. With some it meant prison, want, distress, hnnger, and to be treated as the off-scouring of the community, Christ stooped low for ns. We should not be scrambling after positions in the ohursh; and whatever our position in life, let our work be a labor of love to Christ and te our fellow men, ’ in the evening the ohnrh waij'erowdsd and the convention ohoir sang consecration hymns previous to the commencement of the service. The' Rev. John. Watsford again presided ami the Rev. J, Cnwpertbwaite offered the opening prayer. Addresses were delivered by the Revs, Samuel Knight and ; ad Baird. ... Hib Rbt. S. Knight spoke on consecra tion and sacrifice, anil delivered »n eloquent address. They wanted' tfs*y refining fire to go" through the hearts of. the people; ton many were satisfied if it only played round their hearts, bat they must be fully conse crated to Christ. He trusted that Mel bourne and Ballarat and the oniony would feel the responsibility of the work of God resting on them, and be alive to their sacred duties and privileges. The R-v. A. Bird followed with a power ful address on the need of destroying selfish ness and uplifting Christ. ' At the close a meeting for consecration and prayer was held, at which the visiting ministers assisted. The convention will be continued to-day. A prayer meeting will be held at 7 u.m., and the convention meetings at 10.30. 