MELBOURNE BOXING. ALICE. ROGERS AND FRIDAY O'NEIL. Val Flood and Jack Perryman- Flood. Badly Beaten. Melbourne, Monday. An excellent evening's Bport took place at the Melbourne Athletic Club on Saturday, and the patronage was capital. R. Anderson, a member of the. club, gave a finished exhi bition of club swinging to music. Sandy M'Grogor and Woodham, followod by lufc Ryan and Tom Duggan, each sparred four clever rounds, Alick Rogers and Friday O'Neil started for the best of eight rounds, but after heavy and smart fighting Rogers was cornered and knocked out in the fifth round. Then came the important event between Val Flood and Jack Perryman | to a finish for a purse of £40 and a side I wager of £60 each. Mr. Virgoe was referee, Mr, Beilby timekeeper, and Mr. Schlam lOaec. timekeeper. Elood scaled list. l£lb», and was seconded by Charlie Taylor, Tom Duggan and Tim Hegarty, while Perryman turned the bar at list. 21jlb.t and was supported by Jack Marshall and Jim Mitchell. Both showed splendid con dition, Thoy used the same set j of gloves that Dawson and Williams 1 fought with, and which wsre made by Thomas Sherrin. The contest proved mqst exciting throughout, Perryman show ing unexpected cleverness, and rivalling his I antagonist in that respect. Both exhibited I superior fighting ability. Perryman rushed I in at the start, but found Flood's defence j too strong, so he steadied down. Even I work was done until the fourth round, 1 both attacking eagerly. Then Perryman I got Flood in the corner, when the call to I corners relieved him. In the fifth andaixth I rounds Flood defended nearly all the time, j Perryman had been forcing matters hard I almost from the start. In tho seventh j round Perryman got home on the jaw I with his right and downed Flood, who I took his time allowance and rose somewhat I dazed. Perryman repeated the operation, and Flood tried to stagger up within lOsec. I but failed, and the verdict went lor Perry- I man amid loud cheers, as Perryman is I immensely popular with the members of the I 41 nh. Th« nninion with those who appear to know is that neither man has the ghost of a chance against Costello, Creedon, or even Starlight. Though Saturday night's fight was a decisive win for Perryman ho appears too slow to touch either of the three fighters named, but he is undoubtedly improving. 