[?] SEPTEMBER, 1892. EEPOET OF PKOCEEDINGS. SESSIONAL ORDER. The following Sessional Order was adopted: — (1). That during the present session this Assembly meet every, week-day * except Saturday, at three o'clock p.m.; that it adjourn at six : o'clock, and meet again at. half -past seven p.m. (2) That at the afternoon sittings the Orders of the Day take precedencei.qf Notices of., Motion, and that any debate in progress^-wEen the ? ^j^mbly adjourns at six shall in the evening be pp^tporied until aifief yhe Notices of Motion have been disposed of. /' 'V' .?'''?& * :???.;?. ' ?' '.' ? papers. ?r:--r iu.KOV.92 )/'. The following papers were laid on the\taMe Jby the Registraiji^y Report of Proceedings of the Bishop-in- Count^i^:i!^^neia]^(^!bafeErc of Maintenance Fund of St. Paul's Cathedraf fSRejtairt d£ -thVJBoard Qp Management of- the .Superannuation Fund; ReporinSf'tne Com mittee of Management of the Book Dep6t; Statement of all appro priations by the Bishop-in- Council in aid of Trinity College; Report of- the Church of England Sunday-school Association, and the Year hook of the Diocese of Melbourne ; also, Prospectus of Official Church Magazine, Tasmania; Documents relating to Victorian Vigilance Association ; Letter from Diocese of Newcastle relative to Aged arid Infirm Clergy Fund, &c.; ' By Dr. Vance: Report of Trinity College Council. ' ' By the Rev. C. T. Perks: Statement of Clergy Widow and Orphans' Fund for 1891, and Progress Report to date. ' . By the Rev. A. Maxwell: Pamphlet on Church Finance. REVISION OF THE PRAYER-BOOK. Mr. A. M'Wilh'ams gave notice that he would move for the appoint ment of a committee to report upon the advisableness of obtaining a revised edition of the Prayer-book suitable for Australasia, and named the gentlemen whom he wished. appointed to that committee; Dr. Leeper inquired if names could be given in for a committee before their consent had been obtained. The Registrar explained that the Standing Orders did not specify consent- on the, part of those nominated, but that the names shall be stated. After consideration of the motion, which had been tentatively accepted, the Bishop gave the following ruling on the subsequent day : — Mr. M'Williams' notice of motion has not been placed on the business-paper, because it is ultra vires of the Church Assembly to deal with the subject. By the fifth section of our Church Constitu tion Act it is enacted that no regulation of the Assembly shall be valid which shall alter or be at variance with the authorised standard of faith and doctrine of the Church of England. Mr. M'Williams sought to obtain a revised edition of the Book of Common Prayer for use in Australasia. This proposal contemplates the alteration of a volume which embodies the -faith and doctrine of the Church of England, and cannot . therefore be properly considered by this Assembly. At a later stage an explanation by Mr. M'Williams was announced, through the Bishop, to the effect that his contemplated alterations had reference to minor points only. THE A. F. MOLLISON LIBRARY. ' In reply to the Rev. H. J. Poole, the Bishop stated : — Steps are being taken to form a diocesan library, which will contain theological works, in connection with the A. F. Mollison Libraryjifounded by tL generous member of the Church. This library is under the direction of the Cathedral Chapter, who have appointed a committee, to give effeot, to the intention of the benefactor. It is intended that the books shall include the most modern works, and that they shall circu late in the country. There is a provision in the deed of gift for the circulation not only of theological, but also of secular books, f CHURCH PROPERTY. . , In reply to Canon Watson, the Bishop said:— There is. no present intention of seeking the sanction of the Legislature to 'enable the Church to sell, lease, mortgage, or otherwise deal with lands that have been acquired by gift or purchase, but it may be necessary here after to seek relief from disabilities which have arisen in the lapse of time, and' through altered circumstances. ' '- - ' ' ; U : HOME FOR NEGLECTED CHILDREN. In reply to Mr. C. A.Pearce, the Bishop said :-^The reference from the Assembly was laid before a committee consisting of Canons Chalmers and Handfield, the Rev. S. C, Kent, and Mr. F. R. Godfrey,1 to consider and report as to the advisableness and practicability of establishing and maintaining a home .for the neglected children of the Church of England; but the committee have not yet reported to the Council the result of their deliberations. LEASE OF CATHEDRAL LAND. Bill to authorise the Trustees of St. Paul's Cathedral, Melbourne, to lease a portion of the Cathedral Land. The Registrar stated that the City Council in their desire to improve the approach to Prince's Bridge Railway Station had; made applica tion to the. Cathedral authorities to found, off the south-west corner of the land as represented in the plan submitted. The Trustees, the Cathedral Chapter, and the Erection Board were willing to ma,ke\this concession, but the consent of the Assembly was also necessary. He moved that this Bill be read a second time. Mr. F. R. Godfrey seconded the motion, which was passed, and the Bill committed. l Having been agreed to in committee without amendment, the Bill was reported to the House, and passed through its remaining stages. i THE TRUSTEES AND VESTRIES ACT 1885. ' BILL TO AMEND SECTION 53. ... The Registrar: The object of this Bill is to make two things quite clear— (1) That a clergyman should not reside outside the bounds of '?' his parish without the consent of the Bishop; (2) that he cannot let1 ' his parsonage without consent. Some clergymen in this diocese have uicxiuuacu line .UGUGBSlujr Ul gcuuiug UUilBBlllj. -LJ-UljO itllBBH IiODl 1116 fact that it is not on our local statutes. This Bill proposes to make it quite plain that they must, conform to these rules. ? This amend ment is not to affect the Parish of St. James', Melbourne, respecting which there is special legislation. ' : .???'?:.: Mr. Godfrey read from Cripps the obligation of any spiritual person holding a benefice to reside on his benefice. Mr. J. Hornsby : It is most undesirable that fragmentary legis lation of this kind should be enacted. 'There is no doubt that the' Bishop has ample authority to deal with any contumacious clergy. ' - The Rev. J. F. Stretch: Is this practically a new enactment, or is it only declaratory? Thelaw at home seems absolutely clear. If this is merely declaratory, will not it require an immense- amount of declaratory legislation with regard to the law out here? Mr. Godfrey: This Bill is introduced in order to give effect: to that which at present is not in our Acts; it is more than declaratory. There is no doubt that it does define the powers under which a clergy man may or may not leave his residence. This law is exactly on all fours with the law of England. ? . The Rev. J. F. Stretch: Is the Common Law binding, or is it not? because if it is binding it is unwise to give a hint that it is not! If one point requires legislative sanction, all will. We instantly abandon the Common Law, and shall need to re- enact point after point of the English Law. The point under discussion would : be binding, but nothing else until expressly enacted. Mr. Godfrey: Perhaps I did not' make myself understood. Under the Church Constitution Act the Parliament of the Colony has handed over to our Church the power of dealing with its own affairs, therefore it is necessary that we should put into the Acts of our Assembly the laws we desire to make operative. With the Common Law of England as regards the Church we have nothing to do. ? Canon Carlisle: What applied to Ireland would apply to the Colony. The Irish Church found it necessary to embody in its law that the clergyman should live within his parish. i ? Mr. T. C. Harwood: I think Mr. Godfrey has scarcely stated the case with proper accuracy. If the Common Law applied before the Act giving the Constitution, that Act certainly made over to this Assembly all powers in accordance with the Common Law of Eng land. It is tantamount to saying that this Assembly admits that on taking the Constitution Act from the Parliament of Victoria we do riot take over all the Common Law of England as applicable, and in that aspect it would be unwise to pass this. ? - The Rev. C. T. Perks : It was assumed that a clergyman could diB pose of his parsonage if he thought fit. The thing has not been challenged, and the impression had always been that there was nothing to prevent the letting of it. Mr. Justice Hodges : The Common Law of England is an expres sion very commonly used and very commonly misunderstood. That expression requires very considerable limitation before it can be properly employed. The ecclesiastical law does not come to any colony that- has an independent legislature, and consequently the ecclesiastical' la'w does not affect the Church in Victoria. The whole jurisdiction possessed by the Bishop in England is not possessed by the Bishop in Victoria unless the Victorian law gives him coercive jurisdiction. If we desire to have any coercive jurisdiction here, it will need to be given to us by the legislature. We. have power to make laws which- bind our members. It is only so far as the laws are / ' made here that they will bind the [members of the Church, and I think the matter now before the Assembly is necessary in this way. There will be very considerable doubt as to what is the contract which each clergyman who comes to this colony makes with the governing body; here, and what his obligations are. It maybe said that he understands he is taking a parish on the terms that each clergyman at home takes it, and consequently he is already bound. But on the other hand he might say, ' I am in a country of independent legisla ture, and the laws do not apply.' If this house is of opinion that this should be the law, it should be expressed, and every clergyman who comes should have in his pocket, as it were, the intimation that he is bound to stay in his parish unless ,he gets leave to be absent. I apprehend that it is most important that no clergyman should be under a misapprehension when he accepts office. We should make our statutes as clear as possible, so that he who runs may read. Judge Molesworth: There is a plain, common-sense view which seems to strongly support the opinion of Mr. Justice Hodges. Does it not seem an unreasonable thing that a clergyman for whom a parsonage is built by the parishioners should have power to let it without leave ? The Eev. E. H. Scott : This legislation seems to be unnecessary. There seems to be a distrust that clergymen are not prepared to be honourable, and legislation is brought in to clear the way. No diffi culty has yet arisen, and, so far as we know, there is no widespread feeling that clergymen will live outside their parishes or let their parson ages. The vestry may be unreasonable, and the Bishop , may be unreasonable. Mr. Godfrey : The parson may be unreasonable. The Bev. E. H. Scott : I quite admit it. The Bev. G. W. Kelly: It sometimes suits the convenience of a clergyman to take his family away from his parish for a fortnight or a month, and at the present time he enjoys a small revenue from the letting of his parsonage. If this Bill is passed he will be precluded from this. It will be well to insert some such word as ' He shall not let his parsonage without consent for any longer period than a month.' The Hon. F. S. Grimwade : I think the objections to this Bill all pre-suppose that the clergy are to be in a constant state of difference with their guardians and trustees. This Bill seems perfectly reason able. As to the case Mr. Kelly referred to, If a clergyman wanted to go away for a holiday, and wanted to make a small revenue by letting his parsonage, I do not think any Board of Guardians would object. The motion for the second reading was agreed to, and the Bill was committed. i The Rev. W. Charles Ford : I beg to propose that after the word 'Bishop' the words ' in council' be inserted, which I think will meet the objection stated by Mr. Scott. It seems to me that the recent legislation of this Assembly has increased very materially the powers of the Bishop, and they ought rather to be diminished than increased. The Dean: Probably before any member of this Committee was born I did myself feel that the power exercised by the bishops at home was rather too great, and I found when I landed here that the power of the Bishop was absolute to r degree unknown to the English Church under any circumstances ; but I feel now that our great danger is not an excess of episcopal power, but an insufficiency of it. We are really leaving our Bishop with power to ordain and confirm, but with no other power that I know of, except as chairman of- certain assemblies and committees, in which he may be defeated, and in which his words might not be listened to ; therefore it appears to me that the Bishop should have in such cases as this an absolute veto. It is well to guard against the power of the autocrat, but it is much more necessary to guard against the power of the autocratic demo cracy. We have heard of the excessive patronage of the Bishop of Melbourne ; it amounts to this — that it is his happy privilege to appoint a clergyman to all the positions in the colony that are not worth having. (Laughter.) But as soon as the district becomes a parish with a church and house, with privileges, and with a fair income arranged for the clergyman, then the Bishop has merely a vote and a casting vote in a committee of seven. I certainly think that is as small a proportion of patronage as it is possible for any Bishop to have. I think it is certainly undesirable that we should in any way encroach upon it. I should be very sorry indeed to see the words ' in council' attached to the name of the Bishop in the Bill before us. (Applause.) The Rev. C. J. Godby: One objection to this Bill lay in its framing an Act about a matter in which we have no right to interfere. I would object to the interference of churchwardens arid vestry in a matter that lies between the Bishop and his clergymen ; it would be opening the door to a great many unlawful encroachments. The Rev. H. Finter; An arrangement between the Bishop and the Incumbent should be sufficient. The amendment was lost. Canon Potter moved as an amendment that the words ' and of the vestry and guardians' be omitted. The vestry and. guardians in perhaps one case out of twenty have built the parsonage, and as time goes on even these cases will be diminished, therefore I think the objection of Judge Molesworth is unnecessary. The Bishop is the best judge. Mr. J. Hornsby: I am surprised that the Bishops have not made use of the courts of rural deans to investigate matters of this kind. Questions should not come before the Bishop direct, but should be examined into by the proper court of rural dean and chapter. Mr. Justice Hodges: This particular proviso with which we are now dealing touches spiritual matters and temporal matters, and it appears to me that where both temporal and spiritual matters: are dealt with it is proper that both temporal and spiritual authorities ought to exercise their rights in connection with it. The connection of the clergyman to his parish, the closeness of the relation in which he can and ought to live with it, is a matter that should be supervised closely by the head of the Church, consequently this Bill provides that if a clergyman is going to live out of his parish the.consent of one person, and one person only, is required— namely; that of the spiritual head of the Church. In dealing with the other subject, which is not purely a spiritual, but a business matter as well — the letting of the Church property, which the laity have to keep in proper condition — the Billprovides for the vestry having a voice. (Applattee;.) Mr. Harwood: If these words are omitted you will still have, under Section 7, the parsonage placed under guardians or churchwardens. . Mr. H. Hurst: If the Incumbent may go out of the parsonage, let the guardians or vestry say who is to go in. They have not only the privilege of paying for the parsonage, but also of keeping it in repair. I hope the Bill will pass as drafted. The Rev. S. C. Kent: Many of our parsonages are so situated. that anyone resident in them other than a clergyman might very easily cause unpleasantness. It is most desirable that our vestries should keep a tight hand on all property connected with the Church. The Rev. J. B. Sharp : In certain districts there are more than one board of guardians, and each of -these boards having' contributed something towards the erection of the parsonage, are sometimes very jealous of the clergyman living anywhere else. It was a great disadvantage to him as a single man to take up his residence in the parsonage. If this clause stands as drafted, the. local board of guardians, who have the parsonage. in possession, and have only partially contributed towards its erection, will hold the parsonage to themselves. The Rev. J. M'T. Evans: The least the clergyman can do is to consult those who have built the house for him. Mr. C. G. Shuter : If anyone is to consent it should be the church wardens. . . ? . ? ' ? Canon Potter : A mistake has been made about the tenancy of the Incumbent. There is no doubt that the parsonage is the clergyman's freehold according to our laws. (No, no.) The amendment was lost. : ? ? ? v . ?? r.The Rev. H. J. Poole : I move the omission of, the words, ?' nor shall he without the consent in writing of the Bishop reside beyond -the boundary of his parish or district.' It 'seems ? to, me that we are endorsing a bad principle if we pass this without amendment. ' Canon Potter : The difference between the amendment and the' Bill is that the Bishop shall have no right to allow any exception to the law. Surely you will not limit the power of , the Bishop so as to allo-w him no discretion. The Rev. Dr. Chapman : There are cases in this diocese where there is no house, and where it is much more convenient for his work, that the clergyman should live in some suitable house that may be just outside his parish. . , . . The amendment was lost. The Bill was agreed to without amendment, and was subsequently ? 1 passed through its remaining stages. .''';? bill. to amend skction 57 {Trustees and Vestries Act 1885). The Registrar, in moving the second reading, of this Bill, said: At the last session of this Assembly a committee was appointed, to con sider the Bishop of Melbourne's Fund with a view to improving its condition, and that committee brought- up certain recommendations. The report was adopted unanimously, or nearly so, and the Bishop in-Council, in order to give effect to that recommendation, have prepared this Bill. The Assembly will see that the duty of making collections is laid upon the local authorities of the parish. In some places, however, I am afraid there are local authorities who are so jealous for the parochial revenue that it is very hard for them to do justice to the Bishop of Melbourne's Fund. This Bill makes it possible for the clergyman to associate with himself two or more persons for the carrying on of operations with a view to raising contributions for thie support of the fund. It is not proposed to take from the vestries and guardians the duty devolving upon them, but in the event of . their neglect clergymen may elect others in. the parish to do this work. Canon Potter: I must apologise for opposing the Bill, being a member of the Council. .1 was too ill to go down to the Council to express my objection to it there. It does not carry out the intention of the committee in making the recommendation. It should read, 'If the guardians and vestry neglect.' The effect is to set Up a second organisation without stating when it is 'permissible. Mr. Justice Hodges : It is not mandatory. Canon Potter: Still it makes it possible that there will be two organisations bringing the clergyman into collision with his vestry; I do not think you have a right to set a clergyman collecting funds either for his own district or for the Bishop of Melbourne's Fund ; it is a principle that will tend to lower the influence of ? the clergyman in the district. For these reasons I think that the law as it stands is made no better, but rather worse, by this addition. The real way to get over the difficulty is to have an organisation not parochial, but diocesan. The Organising Secretary should be clothed with right to collect for the fund in whatever way he thought best. If he found that he could work with the vestry, no doubt he would ; but if they refused he ought to have power to collect without them. . Archdeacon MacCullagh: As a matter of fact, I presume there is scarcely a clergyman in the diocese who has not already associated with himself a- number of persons in collecting for the Bishop of Melbourne's Fund. He does not collect himself; it would be very objectionable if he did. In some poorer districts the guardians have a great objection to raise money for any purpose outside their own district. The clergyman in such cases should not have his hands tied. I hope the proposed alteration will be carried into effect, because I feel that it will strengthen the hands of the clergy. The Dean of Melbourne: I see the difficulties which Canori Potter has pointed out, and the objects he desires to effect, but the Bill seems to accomplish the desired object. The more people give for general religious work, the more they will give for their local wants. It is very important that the clergyman should be permitted to asso ciate others with himself in the work. The new clause does not compel him to beg personally. Sir George Verdon: I hope the Assembly will accept this Bill, because it forms part of the .new scheme adopted last session. One of the difficulties in raising funds was that a proper, organisation was not always obtainable. One part of the amending scheme was that the Organising Secretary should visit the locality as often as possible within the year, and satisfy himself that the minister and congrega tion were doing their fair share towards contributing to this fund. : In order' to do that it is necessary that the clergyman should have soine local assistance, but. under the general supervision of the Organising Seoretary. In order to prevent a confliot between the clergymen and guardians, I would suggest the insertion of 'provided that .in the event of a failure of such arrangement, or, in the event of such arrangement not being carried out.' The Eev. Dr. Chapman: I have the strongest objection to this Bill. One of the things that I deprecate is that we should seem to encourage young men to act in independence of their guardians or vestries. We say in this Bill, 'It shall be lawful.' Is not it lawful now? How are we to get money for the Bishop of Melbourne's Fund or any other fund unless we appeal to the best Christian5 prin ciples in men's hearts ?_ We don't want the Organising Seoretary : to come down and overhaul the place. : Archdeacon, Langley: A great deal of the success of the Bishop of Melbourne's Fund depends upon. the clergyman. I believe that the whole of the work in a particular parish depends on the clergyman taking; it up. personally, and carrying it through. (Hear, hear.) In many cases where you speak to the clergyman he meets you at once with the objection that he cannot get his guardians to do anything. It is 'not a question of conflict between the clergymen and the vestry, but that the yestry , in nine cases out of ten, has more than enough to do. This Bill will enable a clergyman to say that the law of the Church provides for his associating with himself other persons to do the work. I agree with Canon Potter that we should clothe the Organising Secretary with full powers, and we ought not to be content until every parish in the diocese is pledged to support the fund. We took a forward movement last year in connection with the Bishop of Mel bourne's Fund, and as a result of that committee's action this Bill is before us to-day. I hope that next year we will be able to carry out Canon Potter's suggestion, and clothe the Organising Secretary with powers to go into parishes where the clergymen will not act. The Eev. H. F. Scott: My objection to this Bill lies in the word 'lawful;' it infers that the action is unlawful if done at present. There are guardians and vestries who imagine that, having built parsonages, they should have' complete control in regard to what money, if any, has to be collected by the clergyman. I have heard it urged that Sunday-school teachers should not collect money without their consent, because they are responsible. It is dangerous to give certain officers the idea that without such enactment a clergyman has no liberty in the matter. Supposing the Church Missionary Society sends a deputation, the clergyman has a perfect right to allow a meeting to be held, and a collection to be made, without consulting his Board of Guardians, vestry, or churchwardens. Mr. Justice Hodges: This Bill imposes a duty and confers an authority. It has been said that this proviso may put the clergyman in conflict with his vestry. It will only do so if the vestry is unwilling to 'act; and he is desirous of acting. That danger of collision exists at the present time without there being legal authority for his receiving the money. Canon Watson:- We should hail any effort which tends to make the collection of the fund more easy. The object of the Bill is to bring pressure to bear on those who are unwilling to assist in the matter. I hope that this Bill will become law, and that it will not be long before we have some organisation with its head-quarters in Melbourne and branches in the country. The Bill was read a second time, and committed. The Eev. C. J. Godby ; I have a great objection to this Bill, because it lays down a duty without power to enforce it. We really get all we want with regard to vestrymen and churchwardens in the old Act. I move that the words from ' it shall be the duty of the' be omitted. Canon Potter: I don't quite see the use of leaving out the words 'it shall be the duty.' I have been misunderstood. You have a rule that guardians shall do certain things, and it has been said that they neglect to do so. Whenever the vestry have not done their duty it is the clergyman's fault in 99 cases out of a hundred. If the clergyman goes to the vestry and points out to them that it is their duty to make collections they will do it. ; What is the good of adding the second clause? You have already sufficient provision to enable the clergyman to get the collection made, and if he will' not ask his officers to make collections is it likely that he will establish an organisation to do the thing .without them? I am most desirous that the Bishop of Mel bourne's Fund should prosper. Archdeacon M'Cullagh : Vestries as a whole will tell us that they cannot do more than provide for the ordinary funds of the Church, that it is unreasonable to ask a number of busy men to -go from house to house and collect. This must be done in small sums from a large number of people. Hence the value of this Bill. Mr. C. A. Pearce : I believe that the insertion of this first clause will tend to defeat the object in view. There is such a thing as over legislation. Mr. Justice Hodges: We are spending a vast amount of time on a suggested alteration that- means absolutely nothing. I move, as an amendment, ' Provided that whenever the vestry or guardians in any parish or district shall fail to arrange for such collection before the last day in each year it shall be lawful for the Organising Secretary of the Bishop of Melbourne's Fund to take steps with the consent of the clerk in charge of such parish or district to associate, &c.;'.' If the clerk in charge has not made the arrangements it should be done over his head. The words as they stand in the Bill are sure to be ineffective. Sir George Verdoh: It will be very much better if the committee accept it as it stands. Canon Potter goes on the assumption that the incumbent will not do his duty. If we leave the clause as it is we will cover more ground than by the amendment. The Eev. A. W. CresswelT: I think it is generally allowed that the less a clergyman has to do with collecting money the better. There can be no exception to that in the Bishop of Melbourne's Fund. In casethe Vestry do not take steps it is always open to the clergy to come in: It is not desirable to affirm the principle that he should have that duty. It might be right that it shall be lawful for the Vestry; but it ! should not be the duty of the clergyman.. ? , ?' ? The Eev. S:C. Kent: I advocate the clause because it gives the clergyman power to secure the services. of ladies, who are; useful in this work. - ; Archdeacon Langley : Canon Potter's addendum to this clause should be made; it is the true. way out of the difficulty.. Every person in this, diocese should be invited to give something to. the Bishop of Melbourne's Fund. There are certain clergymen who have. done all they can, and'will always do all they can, to advance the Bishop of Melbourne's Fund. There are unfortunately a few— we hope they will decrease ; every year — whom it is hard to induce to do anything for the Bishop of Melbourne's Fund. Nothing can be more sensible than to send the Secretary into their districts to. do something; You only bring in. the: Organising Secretary and. clothe him with powers when the others have failed in their duty., Surely then we ought to have power to do something if we are to make this fund what it should be. ; : Mr. Hornsby: I do not see why the Secretary should, not relieve}, the clergyman and the Vestry from a very irksome duty. ?. : ? After some further discussion progress was reported, with the view: of striking out the words providing for the formation of local com-', mittees by the 'clergyman of the parish or district, and the section was agreed to, in. accordance with Canon. Potter's proposal, in the; following form:- — ' . 'It. shall be the duty of the Vestry or. Guardians of every parish and parochial' district to arrange for the collection of subscriptions.' for the Bishop of Melbourne's Fund from the members of the Church generally in 'such parish or district. Provided that if the Vestry 'or guardians in, any. parish or district fail to arrange for such : collections' before the last day in September in each year, it shall be lawful for: the Organising Secretary of the Bishop of Melbourne's Fund to take steps, with the consent of the clerk in charge of such parish' or district, to associate with himself two or. more persons, who shall con-.: stitute a local committee for collecting such subscriptions.' The Bill, with amendments, was reported to the House, and was subsequently passed through its remaining stages. ' BniL to amend Sub-section 4 of Section 23 {Trustees and Vestries Act 1885). The Begistrar : The object of this brief Bill is to make the payment of interest on moneys borrowed for the erection of church or parsonage a second charge on the parish funds. The Bishop-in-Council has been much discouraged by the want of punctuality in the payment of instalments of loans, and even of the payment of interest upon them. The manner in which the moneys are raised to pay the loans is very spasmodic. The payment often depends upon moneys raised by bazaars, &c;, and when the instalments become due the persons responsible for payment are not ready, and are not in a position to make the payments out of the ordinary revenue because there, are a number of charges that must come first. I move that the Bill be v read a second time. r The Eev. H. J. Poole : I second if, with a view to speaking. Don't you think it unfair that a person who is working for the Church should have his payments deferred in favour of insurance ? Canon Potter : The usual rule is to pay everything else and let the incumbent take his chance. Mr. F. E. Godfrey : There are parishes in this colony which are in this position, and I know one with which I am myself connected. Many years ago they issued debentures in order to raise money to . build a church. They made the payment of these debentures and the interest on them the first charge — before the clergyman's stipend and everything else. Under any circumstances we must conserve the rights of these debenture-holders. The Hev. S. C. Kent: Do you think any Act we could pass can alter that? I represent a parish in exactly the same position. The Eev. H. F. Scott : Can we make the Act retrospective ? The Eegistrar : Existing rights are not affected. With reference to the case referred to by Mr. Godfrey, I doubt if any clergyman can bind his successor. The Bill was read a second time and committed. The Eev. H. J. Poole : I move the exclusion of the words 'in the second place.' The amendment was lost. ; The Eev. H. J. Howell : You may borrow money from the Bishop in-Council for a Sunday-school-house. It says that you must pay the insurance on the church and parsonage, but it does not say anything about the school-house. I move as an amendment that after the words ' church or parsonage' be inserted the words ' school buildings.' . . :/:'... - The Eev. J. F. Stretch : I think the clause quite drastic enough. The motion was lost. . - The Bill was reported to. the House without amendments, and was passed through its remaining stages. . ' Bill to amend Section 58 (Trustees and Vestries, Act 1885). The Eegistrar : The original Act provides for the collection on the fifth Sunday in Lent and on the last Sunday after Trinity for the Superannuation Fund and the Bishop of Melbourne's Fund respec tively, and that these collections shall be made on these days only. In some cases the service is only held once a fortnight or once a month, and so it is impossible to have the collection always on the day appointed by the Act. But there is another reason for changing the date, which, however, applies only to the country.. In going through the country, the Organising Secretary is able to give information to some who know very little about the Fund, and it is convenient that the collection should be made when they have the information before them. It is not proposed to make any change in Melbourne, nor would it be desirable to make it in Geelong or Sandhurst. There is a stimulating effect in having a number of collections made in one day, and: it is very undesirable indeed to disturb that arrangement. . The Rev. H. J. Poole: I second the motion, but would point out that what ' may' be done never will be done. The Rev. W. G. Hindley: There will be no danger that the collec tion will be omitted, as it must take place on the date mentioned unless permission be given by the Bishop to alter the day. Mr. F. R. Godfrey : I hail this motion with considerable pleasure, because it will meet a great difficulty that has assailed the Bishop of Melbourne's Fund in certain churches. In many cases it has been found very undesirable to take a collection on the Sunday at present Specified. Hospital Sunday comes just before it. I hope the town churches will be placed in the same category as the country churches. The Bishop: I have always felt that in the case of large com munities like Melbourne, where we have a number of churches in a ^mall territory, a united effort is very good indeed. I do not think there is the same advantage to be gained in having the offertories for the Bishop of Melbourne's Fund on the one day all over the country. I hope that the Bill will not be altered. The Rev. J. Garlick : In the country districts it would be an advantage to have a change all round. If I am in order, I will move —'That the Sunday on which the Bishop of Melbourne's Fund collec tions are made be changed from the last Sunday after Trinity to the Sunday in Assembly week.' The Rev. W. G. Marsh: After an. appeal has been lost sight of and a collection is taken, the result is comparatively small. I hope this Assembly will allow the alteration of the date to that on which the Organising Secretary visits the country parishes. The present date is unfortunate. The Bill was read a second time and committed. The Rev. J. Garlick : I move that the words ' last Sunday after Trinity' be omitted, with the view of inserting ' the Sunday next following the opening of the Assembly.' . The Rev. S. C. Kent : We hold our session at a time when there is unsettled weather, and you have to consider whether in accepting this proposition you might not be making the collection in bad weather. The Rev. B. Rodda : When clergymen meet together at the Assembly they are inclined to exchange. With regard to the objec tion by Mr. Kent that we generally have wet weather about the time of the Assembly, the date of the Assembly meeting could be made a little later on in order that we might have good weather. The Rev. C. T. Perks : If we moved on we should be approaching . Hospital Sunday ; as it is, there will be a reasonable space between. : The Rev. J. B. Sharp : The country clergy living on the outposts often arrange their holidays in connection with Assembly week, and get their lay members to conduct service for them, since they are not able to afford to send anyone up. It would be a pity to rob the clergymen of then' annual holiday, and if we have to send a clergy man it would be a heavy tax. The Rev. H. Finter : The clergymen can do all that can be done to get the people ready before he comes to the Assembly, and the presence of a stranger would be an attraction. For the churches within the reach of Melbourne I think Mr. Garlick's proposal a good one. It is most desirable that we should change the present date. After some further discussion the motion of Mr. Garlick was ' The Bill was subsequently passed through its remaining' stages. : THE PATRONAGE ACT. BILL TO AMEND SECTION 25. . The Registrar: The 25th Section of the 'Patronage Act' as it stands provides that when a vacancy occurs by a clerk sending in his resignation it is not absolute until the day he names in his resigna tion; for instance, if he resigns on September 1st, and says, 'I resign my cure from and after the 30th,' though accepted by the Bishop, it is not operative until after the 30th ; but it is desirable that steps should be taken in the interval to nil the cure when vacated, so that there shall be no interregnum. We have been in the habit for some considerable time of considering that the vacancy occurs when the Bishop has accepted the resignation, and have acted accordingly; but it is held that this. course is irregular. There can be no doubt, however, that it is desirable in this interval the Board of Nomination shall come together, and select a clerk for presentation to the Bishop, so that he may be licensed and inducted without delay. If the pro posed amendment be adopted, then if a clerk send in his resignation to take effect in six weeks or two months' time, the Board of Nomi nation can be called together before that day arrives, and a clerk can be selected. I beg to move that this Bill be read a second time. The Bill was read a second time, and was committed. The Dean of Melbourne: It is very injurious to have a new clergy man appointed while the other is still there; an interval should occur. I object to the principle of the Bill altogether. A discussion ensued as to the number which should form a quorum of the Board. Mr. Hurst : There is an element of danger in fixing the quorum at four. The Registrar : The quorum has always been fixed by the Bishopin Council at four. The quorum was ultimately fixed at four. Canon Potter: I would suggest that the time and manner of summoning' such meetings shall be determined by the Bishop, and the mode of procedure by the Board. The amendment was agreed to. The Bill, with amendments, was reported to the House, and was subsequently passed through its remaining stages. BILL TO AMEND SECTIONS 21, 22, AND 24A. Mr. Godfrey, in moving the second reading of the Bill, said: There is nothing in the Bill which I bring forward which involves any principle or makes any alteration in the law as it has hitherto obtained, but merely to supply an omission or oversight which was made- when the Act was altered to take away from the Vestries the power of appointing their nominators and give it to the parishioners. The parishioners only meet once a year, and they can only elect their nominators at the annual meeting, and if their church is consecrated in February or any subsequent month, they must remain without nominators until the annual meeting in January. The Bill gave them power to elect their nominators at once wthout waiting. The motion was agreed to, and the Bill was committed. Mr. Harwood: I propose that the second clause be extended to read, ' until their successors are appointed.' If by any reason their election was omitted the old nominators would remain in. The Dean of Melbourne : In every parish they are subject to times of activity and times when they cease to act. If the law requires them to appoint nominators every year the whole body is kept in interest, but if you put it that they shall remain in office until their successors are appointed, you will have them going on for fifty or one hundred years. Mr. Harwood: I would like the sense of the Assembly taken on that point. It is always in the hands of a meeting to appoint their nomi nators, and if they are allowed to remain in, it shows that they have the confidence of their parishioners. - Mr. Harwood's amendment was agreed to. The Bill was reported to the House, with amendments, and was sub sequently passed through its remaining stages. - CHURCH EXTENSION SCHEME. INVESTMENT OP MONEY BOEBOWED. The Registrar said that in February of last year this Assembly passed a resolution authorising the Bishop-in-Council to borrow a sum not exceeding £50,000, and expend it in Church Extension. After some little delay occasioned by having to obtain the sanction of Parliament and in negotiations with English capitalists, a loan of £25,000 had been arranged for at 4f per cent., and would -shortly be available. The condition of the colony had, however, changed con siderably since that tune, and it was thought better to invest temporarily the money borrowed rather than expend it as at first intended. Hence the Assembly was asked to authorise the investment of this money in accordance with the resolution submitted. There was necessity for very great caution on the part of the Commissioners and of the Bishop-in-Council. It was a sad fact that a large sum of money was overdue by borrowers in different parishes and parochial districts who had obtained money on loan after giving what was at the time thought to be good security. The Bishopin Council would not lend this particular money except on good security and on suitable terms. He moved, ' That in the event of such a course appearing desirable to the Bishop-in- Council he be authorised to invest for the time on sufficient securities any portions of the money borrowed or to be borrowed for the purposes of Church Extension under the resolutions of this Assembly passed on February 3rd, 1891.' Canon Potter: Would not it be better that*' sufficient' should be defined in some way. The money might be loaned on good names, say first mortgages, equivalent to double the money lent. The Registrar: The objection to that is that this money has to be loaned temporarily. No one would mortgage his property for a few months. Canon Potter: What are ' sufficient' securities? The Registrar : That is for the Bishop-in-Council to determine. The Rev. J. Fulford: As there is so much risk at this time, would not it be well to send from this Assembly a recommendation to the Bishop-in-Council that this money should be deposited pro tern, in the Associated Banks. Judge Molesworth: That would be limiting the discretion of the Bishop-in-Council. No doubt if the Bishop-in-Council think that they cannot do better, that would be done. The Hon. F. S. Grimwade: I think it should be passed without imposing any conditions either as to mortgage or as to the kind of investment. If there is an occasional loss just now it would not so much matter so long as the purpose for' which this money was borrowed — namely, Church Extension — is carried out. The Rev. S. C. Kent: Some of the ablest laymen in the country are on the Bishop-in-Council. Better men could not be found in Melbourne, and I am sure the House may trust these men. The motion was agreed to. METROPOLITAN CHURCH EXTENSION SCHEME. The Rev. A. Maxwell moved for the election of a select committee to consider the report of this Assembly as to what action may be, taken in order to give greater effectiveness to the Metropolitan Church Extension Scheme, and also for the general extension of the Church in the remaining and country parts of the diocese, such committee to consist of Archdeacon. M'Cullagh, Archdeacon Langley, Revs. H. B. Macartney, J. F. Stretch, S. C. Kent, B. S. Hughes, W. G. Hindley, H. F. Tucker, G. I. Armstrong, C. J. Godby, R. W. Cooke, W. C. Ford, A. Brain, Sir George Verdon, Messrs. E. D. Puckle, C. A. Pearce, and the mover. With the leave of the Assembly he would like to make the committee more than ten in number. (The names of Archdeacons Stretch and Herring, and of Canons Carlisle and Watson, were subsequently added) . The first definite proposal which he would ask this- committee to consider was that a branch of the English organisation known as the Church Army be established in this diocese. (Hear, hear.) We needed living agents rather than more buildings. The Rev. H. J. Poole seconded the motion. Mr. Godfrey : The question of the Church Army is one that can be left to the Church Extension Commissioners. I should be sorry if the members of that organisation were to come here, and after going through a probation become clergymen. The Rev. W. G. Hindley: If we bring them here at our own expense, promising to pay them 15s. or £1 a week, we should saddle ourselves with a responsibility without any clear idea as to the benefits to be derived. Archdeacon Langley : It is not much use our attempting to import these men from England; the fact is that the thing had been tried and found wanting by our brethren in Sydney. At the same time I feel that it would be a grand thing if we could establish a branch amongst ourselves. The motion was agreed to. Later in the session the Eev. A. Maxwell moved the adoption of the following report of the Select Committee : — '1. Your Committee beg to report that they have held a meeting to consider the subject submitted to them under the terms of the resolu tion of the Rev. A Maxwell. '2. They are of opinion that it is desirable that a trained and experienced soldier of the Church Army be invited to come from England to establish a Soldiers' Training Home. ? '3. To assist the Church Extension Commissioners in carrying out this part of their report, they advise that an amount of at least £300 be raised to defray the expenses for one year, and they recommend the appointment of a Committee of the Assembly to secure this amount. .' 4. They are also of opinion that it would give a stimulus to mission work, and so to Church extension in country districts, if an office for diocesan parochial missions were established in the Cathedral Buildings, under the superintendence of representative clergy, where a register of those willing to undertake missions, and of their appoint ments, could be inspected, and where information about mission-work and mission literature could be obtained, and that the Eev. W. G-. Marsh be asked to act as Honorary Secretary. ' 5. (1) To inquire into the provision already made for the spiritual needs of the Church of England population without the metropolitan district; (2) To report to the Bishop-in-Council any additional provision that may be required, and make recommendations with a view to secure such additional provisions; and (3) To take whatever steps may be practicable to give effect to such recommendations as the Bishop-in-Council may approve.' ? ? The Eev. C. T. Perks seconded the motion. . Canon Watson: When I was in England I was very interested in the work of the Church Army, and spent a considerable time at its headquarters at . Edgeware-road, and I have come to the conclusion that it is not a soldier you want, but a clergyman, who could occupy the position of head of the army, and receive into his house or home soldiers who were prepared to go on with the work. The Eev. S. C. Kent: We only affirm that it is desirable that a soldier should be invited. The adoption of this report will riot commit us to bringing out a soldier of the Church Armv. '. Archdeacon Langley: The proposal was in the first place that we should have a clergyman such as Canon Watson suggested, but the expense was so great that we could not face it, and thought that a veteran officer to start with, and show those whom we could get from our. own ranks how to carry on, would do. If we set apart one of our own clergy it would cost £300, and that amount would bring out a man who has had a much longer training in this work. Mr. C. A. Pearce: We had on the committee a gentleman who has a great knowledge of the working of the Church Army at Home, and it was oh his advice that this step was taken. He was asked if he would undertake the work out here, and he said it would be better to get a veteran out from Home. Canon Watson has echoed the opinion of every member of the committee. . The Eev. Dr. Chapman : I have no wish to see anyone connected with the Church Army. We would resent any interference in our parishes by these hysterical people. It is entirely foreign to the spirit and usage of the Church of England. We have the Bishop- in-Council, and so far as they have funds they have done their work in. Church Extension; more recently we have had the Church Extension Com missioners, and they have submitted a splendid scheme, which only wants following out. ' . . Archdeacon Langley : We ask that the Church Extension Commis sioners shall extend their labours beyond the metropolitan area, and with regard to the Church Army officer we ask the Commissioners to undertake all except that, as we recommend an expenditure of £300, we propose to ask the Assembly to appoint a committee to collect this. . The Eev. C. J. Godby: The reason we ask for a committee is that in the report of the Church Extension Commissioners we found that they had deliberately refused to raise money by subscription, and we could not move one inch without money raised by subscription. The Eev. W. G. Hindley :: The reason that the Commissioners refused to raise a special fund for this purpose was that thei Bishop-in- Council thought that to raise two funds for Church Extension, one called the Bishop of .Melbourne's Fund, and the other called by some otner name, would oe injurious. ... The Eev. E. W. Cooke : Dr. Stacey Chapman had said something about the hysterical services. of the Church Army people ; from all I have heard their services are not hysterical. These men never go into any parish unless they are invited by the incumbent to do so. We are not fitted to speak to working-men in then1 own way. I hope the Assembly will carry this report unanimously. Mr. Godfrey: A clergyman ought to be able to go down to the lowest intellect in the community. I believe that.the Church Army is not suitable for this country. I think if you brought out a labouring man of East London to talk to the larrikin of North Carlton and Fitzroy, he would be a failure. I see a clergyman before me now who has been able to go down to( the larrikins of Fitzroy and Carlton, and bring them in to listen to 'the Gospel, and I do say that any clergyman if he desires to do so can go down to the intellect of any man in this community. Mr. W. J. Bradshaw: Why don't they doit? Mr. Godfrey : That is precisely what I echo. I would not insult my clerical brother by asking that. (A voice : It was a layman.) The Eev. W. G. Hindley: It is. not proposed in the original report relating to Church Extension to import Church Army men, but to do work on Church Army lines. , . ? .':.? . . . . ? Mr. Godfrey: This new scheme asks for a committee to tell the Church Extension Commissioners how to do their work, and I think they are doing their work in a very admirable way. Archdeacon Stretch: Let us see if we cannot get more zeal in bur hearts, and put it into the hearts of our people, and then we shall not want officers of the Church Army any more than we do officers of the Salvation Army.' There are men here well able to do the work we are proposing to do, and I for one will oppose the importation of men to do the work we are well able to do ourselves. .,.._.-.. Archdeacon M'Cullagh: We hear that a very large proportion of the working people of our Church are drifting away. Look at the crowds that follow the leaders of the Salvation Army through the streets, and you will find a very considerable proportion of men and women brought -up in the Church of England. Is it desirable or not that some means should be adopted by which the less educated persons — for. they are the persons whom we are to deal with — shalJUti'e retained in our ranks, or shall we fold our arms and say it is not a Church of England . practice. Why not let these laymen, come out ? There is a large number who are not larrikins who are living outside of religion. Workmen very often can be reached by another workman', in a way that they cannot be reached by a parson. If they have people from their own rank, having probably more sympathy than we can have with them,' it would be better. To deal with a man practically you must be in sympathy with him and. understand him from his standpoint. In God's : name let .us welcome any agency belonging to our Church that will tend to keep the people in our Church. (Applause.) ' : The Eev. E. S. Hughes: Mr. Godfrey said that we were proposing to bring out larrikins and men' of lower intellect than our own men. Mr. Godfrey: I said that the larrikins of this colony had 'more intelligence than the same class in England. ; The Eev. E. S. Hughes said that they did not intend to import soldiers of the Church Army, but proposed to bring out an experienced officer who shall train soldiers here. : . ,.. ; The Eev. J. F. Stretch: We don't want. to introduce one single worker from the old country. I don't believe myself in the theory that uneducated people are the best to talk to uneducated people. To speak to uneducated people the best way is -to speak clearly, and that means understanding your subject, and to understand your subject is to be educated. If we could afford to put duly ordained clergy, to do this work I believe it would be a thousand tunes better than any other method. When people say that the clergy lose their influence over working people I say that it is. not true. They would a thousand times sooner see an educated man, and they appreciate him for himself and his office more than they would any substitute. I don't know where the idea came from that because a man was educated he must be starched and stiff. We want to set up something that will be equivalent to the Deaconess' Home, or the Church Army. There is no good in bringing a man out here unless someone is ready to work with him. We say, if the Extension Commissioners will take the responsibility ? of carrying out the recommendation in. their report, and as money is scarce, and the risk is that if the Commissioners support . a separate fund they will take away from the Bishop of Melbourne's Fund, the Assembly should give us authority for raising money to make the experiment for twelve months. .. Sir George Verdon: We should receive the report, but instead of adopting it should refer it for consideration to the Church Extension Commissioners. They would have the report before them, and they may be entrusted to give effect to any of its recommendations which may be in their power to accept on behalf of. the Assembly. I beg leave to move an amendment on the motion that the report be received, and referred for consideration and. guidance to the Com-; missioners. . . : ? ? Archdeacon Stretch seconded the amendment. The Eev. S. C. Kent: Certain gentlemen have agreed to give £10 each if this report is adopted. The Commissioners will say as soon as you hand this report to them that they have no funds, and do not intend to touch the Bishop of Melbourne's Fund, and the thing will be hung up. This conveniently gets rid of us for another year. If you set aside the amendment, you will have a year's experience at your service, and at our expense; We are not asking for a penny, but for permission to make an experiment for the colony in which we' dwell, and for the Church to which we belong. The Hon. F. S. Grhnwade: The logical conclusion of the Eev. S.:O. Kent's remarks is that if the amendment is carried the report will be blocked for twelve months; but if most of the committee are Church Extension Commissioners, there is not much chance of that. If the committee is so anxious to bring, out a soldier, or officer, let them come to me, and I will give them a subscription. . ; . Judge Molesworth: You give £20 to it, and I will give the same. Mr. Grimwade: Very well; if they set. about it at once I. will be glad to follow Judge Molesworth's liberal proposal. . - Sir George Verdon's amendment was agreed to. . GEANTS IN AID OF STIPENDS OF MINISTERS AND EEADERS. The Eev. H. J. Poole moved: 'That the first speoial condition attached by advice of the Council to the payment of grants in aid Of stipends of ministers and readers — viz., that they should be dependent on local efforts to pay loans, or interest on loans, from Church Funds — be not approved by this Assembly.' If my heart sympathises with any men it is with the readers of this diocese, and the Council proposes to make them the ' whipping boy.' Certain parishes will not pay their loans, and we are going to make other people suffer. This is a matter that does not affect me, but I take it up simply as a matter of justice. The Eev. A. Maxwell: I will second the motion. ? It seems as if an attempt were being made to punish -the innocent for the guilty. ' Mr. E. D. Puckle : This Assembly should remember that the Council of the diocese are the trustees for the whole of the Church in regard, to the Bishop of Melbourne's Fund. If the Bishop-in- Council cannot; insure an approach to regularity in payment, the source from which the salaries of clergymen and readers are paid will be dried up. I should be disposed, but for the warning of the Bishop in his opening address, to move for a statement of the sums owing to the Church. The Rev. E. G. Burke : This condition will fall very heavily on the poorest clergy; the richest are safe. You place the clergymen at the mercy of one or two men in the backwoods, who seem to have no ? sense of their responsibility. The Bev. E. H. Scott: This recommendation affects a class altogether unrepresented in this Assembly — viz., the readers. Canon Carlisle : One cannot help but feel a great deal of sympathy with the Bishop-in-Council with regard to these loans. But supposing , they were able to squeeze the money out of the poor clergymen and readers, would they be any nearer their ends ? Would not it be better to squeeze those who had put their names to bills on the advancement of money ? It is one of the greatest acts of tyranny to strike at a man who is performing religious functions, through his pocket, and to spur that man on instead of others. The Dean of Melbourne: I yield to no man in my regard for the readers; I consider them an invaluable body of men. Three Bishops, and a succession of men, men of business, earnest for the . Church's welfare, have for more than thirty years endeavoured to distribute the money entrusted to their' hands, and to recover the money they lent in the least irritating way. The object is to take such steps as will have the effect of preventing men from borrowing money that they don't intend to repay to build houses of God. Canon Potter : It appears to me a matter of common morality that no. man can be made responsible for a debt he has had no hand in contracting. If he signs his name in consent you can hold him liable. Judge Molesworth : I trust that this Assembly will not pass a resolution disapproving of the advice given by the Bishop-in-Council, except for some good reason. What really takes place appears to be that a grant is made to a particular district in aid of the stipend of the minister by the Bishop-in-Council acting as trustees for the whole Church. Does it not seem a reasonable proposition that before. we \- make any further grants to any particular district we should be satisfied that some effort is being made to repay the existing debt ? (Hear, hear.) Mir. Grimwade : At the present time there is £27,000 due on account of these loans. Have the Council, in all the years they have been administering this fund, been guilty of an ungenerous act ? About £8000 has been dispensed every year in the diocese. If we look at i official figures we shall find that about £7000 of that is spent in the i purely Country districts. £500 has been contributed by archdeaconries which have had £7000 expended among them. Canon Carlisle : If there is an impression that there is an antago nism in the country against the town it has arisen in the city. We ... have the profoundest gratitude towards those in the town for what they have done. The Kev. W. G. Hindley: I hope the mover of this resolution will see his way to withdraw it. This Assembly may be sure that no act of injustice or tyranny will be done. If any member will show that some effort is being made, no deduction will take place. The Bev. A. Brazier was adverse to borrowing money from the ' Bishop-in-Council, but if he owed them anything he would take care that they were paid. He intended to vote against this motion on the ground that repudiation of debts is a very bad thing. Archdeacon M'Cullagh : If there be any jealousy of Melbourne in the country I have never heard of it. We are indebted to the gene rosity of the churchmen in Melbourne, and we do not forget that the money we receive is the money they have contributed. I never knew of a single case sent in from the most outlying part that was not dealt with in the most generous spirit. The motion was negatived. THE YOUNG PEOPLE'S SOCIETY OF CHRISTIAN . ENDEAVOUR. TheRev.B.Rodda: I move 'That this Assembly regards with cordial sympathy the religious movement entitled * The Young People's \- Society of Christian Endeavour,' and accords its hearty approval to the formation of such a society in any parish of this diocese in which it might be found desirable and practicable to do so.' Archdeacon Stretch : I rise to a point of order. We are a Church of England Assembly, and this resolution deals with a movement which is not a Church of England society, and we are asked to express our approval of it. It is clearly beyond the province of this Assembly. The Bishop : I think I' should recommend Mr. Bodda to withdraw his motion. The Bev. B. Rodda : If it is the desire of the Assembly I will withdraw it. ? The motion was withdrawn. THE PARISH OF ST. MARK'S, LEOPOLD. Mr. T. C. Harwood : I move ' That this Assembly requests the Bishop- in-Council to take into further consideration the petition of the trustees and certain parishioners of St. Mark's, Leopold (formerly Kensington), presented in the month of July, 1889, so that relief may be afforded them by altering the boundaries of the parish as suggested in the petition, or in such other way as to the Bishop-in-Council may seem meet.' The united parish of Point Henry and Kensington is one of considerable extent. In the part known as Point Henry, the parsonage and grounds are situated. The eastern portion comprises the parish of St. Mark's, Kensington, now St. Mark's, Leopold. In that parish the church of St. Mark is built. It was built in the early 'fifties; under circumstances very creditable to the parishioners, for the district was sparsely populated, and consisted of a number of people in very humble circumstances. Services were carried on with great regularity from the opening. About twenty-five years ago the present incumbent was appointed, and shortly afterwards, I regret to say, the happy state of affairs which had existed previously, declined. The spirit of discontent grew, the services fell off, and the church, from being a success, became a failure. The incumbent said that no matter what the Bishop- in-Council did, he would not give up that church, and if anybody entered, it would be over his body. At present the church was a scandal to the parish, and a disgrace to the diocese. Canon Goodman : As rural dean of the district in 'which this parish lies, I rise to second this resolution. It makes one's blood boil to see a church falling to ruin, and the body ecclesiastic in a more ruinous state* The difficulties at Leopold date as far back as 1874. The district has been over-divided. I can see no reason why if one division has been made, another should not be. The problem has tried two Bishops and a Vicar-General, but with the help of the Assembly we should overcome it. Mr. Justice Hodges : When this petition was presented in 1889 by members of the church, the Bishop-in-Council had no power to do what they asked. Since then the law has been altered so as to apply not only to parishes, but also to parochial districts. It might be possible for the Bishop-in-Council to make some division of this parochial district. The suggestion, as I understand, is to divide the parsonage from the church, giving the present incumbent the parson age, and somebody else the church. Mr. Harwood: The parsonage is four miles from the church. Mr. Justice Hodges: Charges, not very definite in some respects, but very definite in others, have been made against the person who at present holds office in this particular district. These facts, if proved, may justify his removal altogether, and might justify the Bishopin Council or the powers of the Church in taking from this individual the district altogether ; but I do not think that the Bishop-in-Council . ought to take upon itself on ex parte petitions or statements the responsibility of practically unfrocking a clergyman. I think if that is going to be done it ought to be in such a formal manner as such a serious step justifies. So far as I can I will raise my voice against any action until charges are formally made, and the clergyman is properly dealt with. The Rev. W. G. Hindley: The case as originally submitted to Mr. Justice Hodges was for a parish, and he ruled that the division could not be made. The Assembly, on this very case, then altered the law, and made it applicable to parochial districts. Judge Molesworth: A full opportunity .of being heard should be given to the clergyman of this district. As three years have elapsed since -this petition was presented, I would suggest that after what we have heard from Mr. Harwood and Canon Goodman, a case has been made out. Further notice should be served on the clergyman, and he should be given an opportunity of dealing with it. If these state ments are facts, and these facts cannot be answered by the person charged, the sooner he is removed the better. The Begistrar : The right method is not to cut off a part of the parish, but to bring a charge against him under the ' Ecclesiastical Offences Act.' Mr. Harwood: All that this resolution asks is that it shall be remitted to the Bishop-in-Council, with an expression of opinion from the Assembly, that they should re-consider the petition. The motion was agreed to. -TRINITY COLLEGE HOSTEL. Canon Vance : As closing a very painful business I am glad to read, with the permission of the House, the following resolution passed at a meeting of the Council of Trinity College, held on September 27th, 1892 :?— ' That in view of the present unsatisfactory state of things as to Trinity College Hostel, and in order to prevent 'a painful discussion in the Church Assembly, the Council and Warden of Trinity College (so far as they are able to do so without the consent and approval of the Trustees of Trinity-College) agree to abide by the decision of the Inter-Diocesan Committee in the settlement of existing difficulties, and to carry out the recommendations of that committee, subject to the reservation that no existing rights between the Warden and the Council of the Diocese of Melbourne, or between the Council of Trinity College and the Council of the Diocese, be interfered with.' I have to mention with regard to the reservation that it is only meant to cover the legal rights, and is not intended to convey any idea of opposition being offered by the Trustees of Trinity College, since this resolution has been accepted as satisfactory to all sides. I trust that the element of finality may be found in this reference, and that the Inter- Diocesan Committee may 'be able to settle the vexed questions affecting the good of two institutions, and the peace of the Church. (Applause). Judge Molesworth : Have we as an Assembly now committed ouiv selves to anything in regard to Trinity College ? Before we do so I hope that members will have an opportunity of reading what Canon Vance has submitted. The Bishop : I do not understand that the Assembly has committed itself. Judge Molesworth : Then I gather that the Assembly has not inter fered in this matter. I certainly hope we have not interfered with the management of the Hostel so as to lead us in some way to become responsible for the debts of that institution. Canon Potter: I cannot understand how a man of Judge Moles worth's legal acumen could believe we are bound by the statement made by Canon Vance. GRANTS TO TRINITY COLLEGE. Judge Molesworth moved — 'That In the opinion of this Assembly,, considering the financial condition of the Church, and the many calls on Church funds, the grants for 1893 out of the diocesan funds to the Council of Trinity College to those connected with the College should not exceed £800, and that the said grants to the Council of Trinity College and to those connected with the College should be paid in the first instance out of the rents of the Bourke-street property, so far as those rents are sufficient.' He believed that there was a growing feeling that Trinity College and those connected with it had obtained, and were obtaining, too much Church money; in the interests of the whole Church we should have an opportunity from year to year for deciding whether the grants to the Council of Trinity College and those con nected with it should be increased, diminished, or expire. He found under the head of appropriations for the year for the Bishop of Melbourne's Fund these words: ' Note — The payment in full of the following appropriations will be dependent on the receipt of income for 1892 from all sources of £8000; if this amount be not raised there will be a pro ratd reduction, of which notice will be given before June 30th.' In other words the badly paid salaries of our ministers will be reduced pro ratd if the estimate for the Bishop of Melbourne's Fund is not raised. He found by official documents laid upon the table that the Council of the College, and those connected with it, obtained from the Bourke- street property a sum amounting to £9991 since the year 1876. It also appeared that the\Council of the College obtained from the Bishop of Melbourne's Fund and the Consolidated Fund certain, sums. From the Consolidated Fund it obtained no less a sum than £6795. The Council of the College, and those connected with it, got from St. James's land no less a sum than £1050, and from the Hastie bequest (a bequest the distribution of which was left to the Bishop-in-Council) no less a sum than £6000, making a total .of £23,823. He was one of those who thought that if it were not for the fact that a theological school was connected with Trinity College, it would have no more claim on our Church funds than that excellent institution presided over by his friend Dr. Wilson. On the same principle we might give as large a sum of money to Jhe Church of England Grammar School, and the only excuse put forward for Trinity College encroaching on the funds of the Church for the ieachers of the Gospel, instead of the teachers of dead languages, was that there was a theological school in connection with it. What amount were we under any legal or moral obligation to pay to this College or those connected with it ? As regards the Council it had never been intended that we were under any legal or moral obligation to pay them anything. As regards the chaplain of the College, the matter was discussed in this Assembly in the month of September, 1887\. He would not ask the Assembly to Undo anything then done ; he trusted they would never undo what was done after fair debate on both sides. He considered, therefore, that that was a sum we were bound to pay. The next question was what sum were we legally and morally bound to pay to the Warden of Trinity College ? He could find.no trace of any written agreement between either our late beloved Bishop and the gentleman, or between him and our Assembly, by which he can draw an income of £300 a-year for fourteen years. If any letter could be produced from our Bishop giving away the funds of our Church for life, or fourteen years, to any gentleman of this community, it would not be binding. If he could give away £300 a-year for fourteen years, he could give away £3000 for life. The Council of the Diocese passed a resolution which had been confirmed by this Assembly which he thought, if the state of things had not altered, would give the Warden a claim for £300 out of the Con solidated Fund. It was this:. 'July 1st, 1885, application for the appropriation of £300 for the support of Trinity College— That the sum of £300 be set apart from the rent of St. James' land for fourteen 'years for the benefit of Trinity College, and that the stipend of the Warden be the first charge on this appropriation.' He challenged the right of the Council of the Diocese to make a grant for fourteen years. If matters were in the same position now as in 1887, when this matter was before the Assembly, he would be prepared to abide by the decision of the Assembly then, that we were morally bound ; but matters had altered since then. That sum was relinquished in consideration of a bulk sum of £6000 which was handed over to the College authorities to extinguish that debt of £300 for fourteen years. A gentleman named Hastie left a very large sum of money to be divided by the Bishop of Melbourne. Their friends at Trinity College, always anxious when anything like that was. about to get their share of it, put in a claim for a much larger amount than they got. The correspondence resulted in an offer that if the College authorities would relieve the Council of its resolution to pledge the St. James' land, they would get £6000. He would rather have £6000 down than £300 for fourteen years. He read letters, and a resolution of the Council, which he thought bore out his statement that the £300 out of the Consolidated Fund to the salary of the Warden was wiped out. By a deed the Bourke-street property is to be applied for Church of England schools and colleges in the city and suburbs of Melbourne by the Bishop-in-Couneil. The Bishop-in-Council would have a perfect right to hand over all the rents of the Bourke-street property to Trinity College, but the question is did they do it. The position taken up by Trinity College is that they have. Anyone who takes the trouble to look at the resolutions will see that they have not. The resolution of the Bishop-in- Council, on 26th April, 1881, was that the whole of the net proceeds of the Bourke-street property be paid over to Trinity College until the Bishop-in- Council shall otherwise determine. (Applause.) It seemed to him an admirable thing that the Assembly should have before it from year to year the appropriations that are granted to Trinity College. The Chaplain should be paid, but it should come out of the Bourke-street rents, and not out of the Con solidated Fund ; . also Lecturers, so long as we have Theological students; and the grants for resident students at Trinity College, if we have Theological students. But all these should be paid from the income of the Bourke-street property. The College, and those con nected with it, was now getting £1460 a year, and the question was — How much ought it to get for the year 1893? After getting nearly £24,000 in the past, and £1460 a year, and liberal subscriptions from Sir William Clarke and his brother, Mr. Joseph Clarke, and others who had helped to keep this institution for fourteen years, they ought surely to be able to carry on and make it a self-supporting institution. Was the Church of England to carry this old man of the sea on its back for ever ? If it cannot get rid of him it can make him lighter. Trinity College had only given us ten men labouring in the Diocese of Melbourne, and only three out of the ten obtained honours at the University. Were we able to continue making these payments ? He would like to see our Readers better paid, and sums of money provided for the giving of religious instruction in the State schools. (Applause;) He would like to see some able men travelling; from Saturday morning till Monday preaching in the remote districts of this diocese, but such a system cannot be worked without money; The Eev. H. J. Poole seconded the motion. . ''??'. Canon Vance wanted to know by what right it is imputed that the College Council objected to suffer a pro ratd reduction in common with other: beneficiaries ? Judge Molesworth had told them that after . thirteen years this College had only given ten clergymen to. this diocese. If that were the case in the last few years, it deserved well of the diocese, for 27 had been em-olled, and 19 of them had received their training at Trinity College. There had never been a time when Trinity College deserved more the sympathy and support of this Assembly. Ther,e had been a magnificent rally made during the last few months in that institution, a rally that none of its friends believed' it capable of;; every term it was growing in reputation and numbers. He placed the reports of .Trinity College on the table last night, and they give the information as to where the money went, and where the money paid to the Warden as his salary went to after it reached his hand. When the Council were faced with a deficit of £1200 the Warden liberally, readily, and without hesitation .flung into the gulf the whole of that £600 that was given to him (applause) ; and when there were still £600 deficit remaining, out of his pocket came that which they were wanting, leaving him £600 poorer than if he had had nothing to do. With these facts before them they were asked to reduce the Warden's stipend, which meant that he would have to support the College at a greater cost. He (Canon Vance) had never since he had been in this Assembly heard it asked to do a more ungenerous act. It would be positively suicidal if we sacrificed the power for good we were exercising over the young life of the colony where it was most - wanted. He wanted to read a resolution arrived at on a former occasion, after the same arguments as those just used by Judge Molesworth. They would see that it was intended to have finality. It was in the Statistics of 1887 : ' The Eev. S. C. Kent moved the following amendment: — 'Seeing that certain engagements were enteredlnto by the Bishop-in-Council in past years, electing a Warden, Chaplain, and Lecturer to Trinity College, this Assembly, while of opinion that no monetary obligations should be incurred for more than a period of one year without its sanction, resolves to accept and: endorse what it believes was done in all good faith for the benefit of Trinity College, and for the advantage of the Church in the diocese.' ' The Eev. H. F. Scott: That was before the £6000. ... Canon Vance honestly believed that resolution was still binding upon them, and the motion of Judge Molesworth was brought forward at an inopportune time, and if carried must ruin the College. It was an un-English thing to strike a man when he was down, (applause) ; but if there was one thing more un-English than another, it was when a man was down, and was struggling to his feet, and before he had reached a standing position, to give another knock-down blow. (Applause.) The Eev. C. J. Godby said that while his judgment pointed in one direction, his vote must be given in another! The College itself, its present income, and all this enormous amount of money that it had received, had all been piled up on the foundation of one serious mistake. It had been lost sight of that it was not the Theological College of the diocese. If we were going to be just we must contribute a fair proportion towards Trinity College with the Diocese of Ballarat,. but that was what he wanted this Assembly not to do. At the present time we could not afford to be anything but generous. If we passed this resolution, Trinity College must shut its doors, and he would not take any part in a motion that meant that Trinity College shall shut its doors. The loss on the College was £700 a year, and they were asked deliberately to add to that loss a. deduction of £600 a_ year. Was there a college of instruction that could bear a loss of £1300 in one year? We were going to allow the up-growing of ignorant clergy in our midst if we passed this resolution. The Eev. S. C. Kent said that on page 76 of the Year Booh of 1887 he read that the Eev. S. C. Kent's amendment was carried on the voices, with applause. He wanted to move that amendment again. The responsibility which existed in 1887 in relation to the Warden and the Theological Chaplain existed in 1892. The Eev. H. F. Scott said the position was now different. The Eev. S. C. Kent was not persuaded that there was any change in the position. He trusted his amendment would be carried on the voices, with applause. , The Eev. H. F. Scott said the Assembly was asked not to pass this resolution, because of the generosity of \the Warden ; because it would reduce his income ; because it would close the doors of the College, and raise up and perpetuate a breed of ignoramuses. With regard to the generosity of the Warden, and the reduction of his stipend, he (Mr; Scott) did not want to say a single word. If the stipend was hot large enough for a gentleman of his attainments, it ought to be pi'Or vided out of some other fund. With regard to the. shutting up of Trinity College, if the opening or shutting depended on £600 a year, it could not be on a very solid or popular basis. The argument that ? it would bring up an ignorant ministry was a reflection on the men who had not had a college education. Judge Molesworth, like every man in this Assembly who was brave enough to speak out, had their admiration, and had his (Mr. Scott's) personal thanks for his great courage in persistently, and consistently, endeavouring to stay the hands of the Council in giving more money to Trinity College. (Applause.) Mr. Justice Hodges : Everyone here would understand that he was not there as an advocate for the Warden, or any individual in' the institution. He was not an advocate for the Bishop-in- Council, and he was not responsible for any one of these appropriations in question. If his friend, Judge Molesworth, had brought, forward any motion, dealing with the constitution of the College he would probably have. - had his support, because he was not prepared to say that that consti tution was a good workable one. But he had asked how much money.- . ought the Council to get for 1893. He was rather putting it, how much can the Assembly keep from the Council, and how little can/it give. Was it desirable that the College should continue to exist ? .: If they arrived at: the conclusion that it should, the next question was, not how little they were under obligation to give, but how much will be necessary to keep that College in existence. He could not conceive in this community the importance of the existence of that College being exaggerated. Where were the sons of our wealthy men going tO-live while at college ? Were they going to turn them out of the Church of England and send them to Ormond's or Queen's ? If they were to train men to have the slightest influence on their fellow-men they must train them, not in the place where there are theological students only,' but. side by side with men whom they oan influence by their lives ; and so he believed the desirability of the existence of that College could not be too strongly put. ? Sir George Verdon: said that it was an open secret that within the last few days a settlement has been effected in a matter that had been in everyone's mind. It would be very unfortunate if anything that was said or done that night should prejudice, the chances of a friendly and final settlement of those differences. He thought it was desirable that this discussion should not go on. He would not say that this Assembly had not perfect freedom of speech on matters that concern ? it, and especially in matters of the kind now before it. But still, he thought it would be a good thing if the previous question were put. If: that advice should not commend itself to the Assembly he would be. prepared tosubinit an amendment that would be less injurious. He would be disposed to say that the Assembly was entitled, to say ' yes' or .'.no' to every appropriation. If the motion had been to that effect he would feel himself obliged to vote for it. . He hoped members would agree with him when he moved the previous question. ' Canon Dickinson seconded the motion. i_On the. question being submitted whether the resolution of Judge Molesworth be now. put, the Assembly voted in the negative by a large majority, and so the resolution was not put. ' \ /. '. CLERGY, WIDOW, AND OEPHANS' FUND. . The Eev. A. Toomath, in moving, ' That on the Special Eeport of the. Directors of the Clergy, Widow, and Orphans' Fund being sub mitted to the Assembly, the Assembly, in accordance with By-law 15 of. the Resolutions of 1866, be asked to determine whether any and what bonus may be added to the amount of pensions and allowances to be paid during .the ensuing three years,' stated the circumstances under which he considered that the allowances to original subscribers , should be increased ; he urged that those circumstances had arisen, } ? and entered fully into details, which proved, in his opinion, that the fund was in a condition to safely admit of the increase for which he contended being made. In conclusion, he maintained that all the clergy who joined in 1866 expected that some increase would be given, and he hoped the Assembly would do them justice. ... _ Canon Carlisle seconded the proposal of Mr. Toomath. He felt that injustice was done to the original subscribers by fixing the sum they would receive in case of being incapacitated at £50 a year, while later subscribers under a subsequent Act would be entitled at the same time to receive £90. Mr. Godfrey felt that the Assembly could not deal with the question. If the committee, which consisted of business gentlemen, had been sitting on this question, and had not been able to come to a conclusion, was it possible for this Assembly to come to a satisfactory conclusion. He hoped that the Assembly would refer it to some Board which could deal with it. It must be remembered that nothing could be done without the concurrence of the Diocese of Ballarat, which was interested equally with ourselves in this measure. The Rev. J. F. Stretch was of opinion that the condition of the fund ~--*.no.t a-Jmi* of the proposed increments being made. The liabilities which were yearly accruing upon the fund were loadine it witn a great deal more than the income provided for. The Rev. C. T. Perks: Mr. Toomath had, as on a former occasion mixed up things that differed, and Canon Carlisle had introduced a misleading comparison. The men whose positions were compared were not on the same level. Under the original resolutions persons could come m at any age, without regard to their state of health or anything else. The iund was being ruined, and Professor Wilson pronounced it absolutely insolvent, consequently a new Act was passed, which placed the fund on a better footing; subscriptions were increased, and the age for admission was limited. No man who married a second tune could continue a subscriber unless he paid into the fund a certain sum. These were among the matters introduced into this Act; and there was also a sliding scale of subscribers. The least sum paid by a member coming in under the Act was four guineas, and the highest was £9 10s. There was a clearly marked distinction between the circumstances under which a man stood who came in under the By-law, and a man who came in under the Act. It was not possible for the proposed increments to be made to the old sub scribers without injustice to the subscribers who came in under the ? Act. . .''.The Rev. C. P. Thomas suggested, a scheme by which equal interests might be given to the corresponding claimants under the resolutions and under the Act. It was, ' that such bonuses be given for the next three years to the beneficiaries under the Clergy, Widow a? T?nT F??d' whose rights were Poured under the Resolution of 18bb, as would make their allowances equal to those of the bene ficiaries under the Clergy, Widow, and Orphans' Fund Act No. 11 1878 provided that such bonuses be refunded to the Clergy Widow and Orphans' Fund until the amount of the difference between the' sub- scriptions wnich they had actually paid and those they should have paid according to the first schedule of Act 11 1878, with 10 per cent per annum interest added, and also such fund required in the case of second marriage according to clause 23 of the Clergy, Widow, and Orphans' Fund, be made up.' Mr. Grimwade hoped the resolution would not pass. He was quite sure that the Clergy, Widow, and Orphans' Fund would not stand these extra bonuses. If they were paid we should be doing an injustice to those who had. subscribed for years, and might hereafter come upon the fund. The Dean : There must be some means of amalgamating the two branches of the fund ; it was quite out of the question to say that it was impossible to unite them. We were told that we should put dff consideration for another year. He : urged that there be no further delay. The Rev. G. W. Kelly felt that the old subscribers enjoyed very great advantages indeed in the fact that their rights were conserved. We ought to think very seriously before we run the risk of -breaking down the fund. The motion was lost. .'.; CLERGY PROVIDENT BILL. The Standing Orders having been suspended, the Rev. J. F. Stretch moved . that the report of the Select Committee the Assembly appointed to consider the amalgamation of the Clergy, Widow, and Orphans' Fund and the Superannuation Fund be adopted. - The motion was agreed to. ' The Rev. J. F. Stretch: This measure (Clergy Provident Bill) is presented just now in order that members of Assembly may have time to consider it. If two great principles are affirmed I will ask that the second reading be agreed to, that the Bill be committed,' and then that the consideration in committee be adjourned ; nothing more can now be done. ' We were asked to find some system that would effect an amalgamation; the only way was to ask the Legislature to enable the trustees of this fund to take the action which we consider to be wise. They could pass an Act directing the trustees, if they saw fit, to transfer the capital of this fund to another fund. The second reading of the Bill now before this Assembly would have to be passed by this Assembly and by the Assemmy at iiauarat, ana tnen an .Enabling Bill would have to be introduced in Parliament. There is great danger of a man subscribing, to' the wrong fund. Supposing a clergyman desires to make some provision for the future, he has to decide whether he will subscribe to the Clergy, Widow, and Orphans' Fund or the Superannuation Fund. If he. subscribe to the Superannuation Fund, and does not live to old' age, all the money he has paid is thrown away as regards any pro vision that could be made for his widow and children, and vice versa. It introduces an element of uncertainty. Until the Superannuation Fund Act was passed, the fund which prospered under Mr. Perks received considerable outside support; but as soon as the Super annuation Act was passed, is it wonderful that the effect of your own Act was to tell against the former ? As regards outside support, the Clergy, Widow, and Orphans' Fund is practically dead. I don't think that the Superannuation Fund will ever be as popular as the Clergy, Widow, and Orphans' Fund. If yo.u deny the principles we put forward, our work is done ; but if you affirm them, we may safely go on. The first is joint action with the Diocese of Ballarat. The' Clergy, Widow, and Orphans' Fund is the joint property of the: ? Diocese of Melbourne and the Diocese of Ballarat, and if we do not act jointly the Diocese of Ballarat can stop us. The second principle, in the Bill is that of compulsion; that is a great principle, and I want it thought over carefully. It should be compulsory because it is' an attempt by the Church as a brotherhood to provide against a catastrophe to any member of the brotherhood. The only thing we can do is to systematically provide against contingencies. I don't think there is any detail in the Bill to which we are committed. If you do not affirm these principles we, cannot go on. The Rev. C. T. Perks : I gladly second the motion without com mitting myself to it in detail. With the idea of compulsory joining I go with all my heart. There are about a hundred outside the fund. I don't think that the Bill will bring them in, but coming in might be made a condition of joining the diocese. I gravely doubt if the proposed annual subscription of eight guineas is enough; I think twelve guineas would be better. The Rev. J. M'T. Evans : The clergy should be asked to contribute the one guinea arising from marriages to the Clergy, Widow, and Orphans' Fund or Superannuation Fund. : The Dean : If the young men coming into the diocese were con strained to join the fund, those left out would begin to feel themselves in a minority, and would be much more inclined to join. If it can be pointed out to us that we can gain by amalgamation, by all means' let us take it. The Rev. R. W. Cooke : Mr. Perks said that eight guineas would be insufficient in the event of amalgamation, but if it is sufficient for the funds separately it should be so on amalgamation. The Rev. C. T. Perks : If a man came in under the two Acts now, at 35 years of age he would pay £11, and that would be insufficient. The motion for the second reading of the Bill was agreed to. The following select committee was appointed to further consider the Bill, with leave to sit during the recess :— Archdeacon Herring Canon Watson, - Rev. C. T. Perks, Rev. W. C. Ford, Rev. W. G.' Hindley, Rev. A. Toomath, Rev. C. P. Thomas, Rev. C. J. Godbyj Rev. J. F. Stretch, Professor Nanson, Messrs. A. P. Akehurst, F. R.. Godfrey, E. J. Stock, R. W. Dickson, H. Jennings, W. T. C. Kelly. CHURCH OF ENGLAND TEMPERANCE SOCIETY. Mr. R. T. Elliott moved—' That in the opinion of this Assembly it is highly desirable that a branch of the Church of England Temper ance Society should be established in every parish and parochial district of the diocese.' The Clerical Secretary of the Church of England Temperance Society when asking me to propose this motion said that the laity generally preferred to be attacked by a layman.. My object in speaking is not to attack anyone, but to bring before the Assembly an important subject which has been much neglected. ' Most questions that we have been dealing with have been more or less connected with money. In this motion we don't ask you to devote any money, though I may mention incidentally that we shall be glad to receive it. In the Year Books at home a large amount of space is devoted to the Church of England Temperance Society, and we hope that in our future Year. Books some notice. will be taken of the work done by the Church of England Temperance Society. I am not going to give you an address on drunkenness ; we all know a good deal about it. . ? Judge Molesworth : Theoretically. Mr. Elliott: A great many members do not know the origin of the society; It was founded in 1862 as a Total Abstinence Society, and remained so for ten years, doing good work ; but it was found that there were a large number of the laity and clergy whose object was to diminish drunkenness, but whq did not feel it consistent to become total abstainers, and it was to enlist the services of this class that the constitution was altered. The dual basis of the Church of England ; Temperance Society has worked very well indeed. At the present time the whole of the Archbishops and Bishops in England are presidents or vice-presidents, and I believe there are no less than half a million members; (Applause.) In England the society is a very different institution from what we see it in this colony. The meetings and work1 of the Church of England Temperance Society Some- members here have no conception of. Not only are there inebriate homes established, but there are missions to the army, navy, deep-sea fishermen, and others. The Church of England Temperance Society, in this diocese is your society. It was started in consequence of the resolution of this Assembly in 1887,. and it has now been in existence for two and a-half years. At the present time we have branches in eighteen parishes in the city and suburbs, and seventeen branches in the country, with a total membership of 3000 members. You, my lord, at the annual meeting a few months ago stated that you were sorry to see so many large towns in this diocese not represented at all. It is with the object of encouraging the movement in those places where it has not yet taken root that I have been &sked; to move this motion. A clergyman told me that it was impossible to establish a branch in every parish. I don't believe in the word 'impossible.' I am quite aware that the difficulties must in some cases be great, but with hopefulness and a little common sense these can be overcome. I cannot find anything in the parishes possessing branches to distinguish them from those without. Those clergymen who have not branches in their parishes should frankly state their difficulties, so that those who have branches may be able to give them suggestions. A great deal of work has been done by the society already, although we are absolutely crippled by the want of funds. The secretaries, Eev. E.A.Thomas and Mr. F. C. Seymour, have shown great energy. We have started a paper called the Crusader, which is doing well. The society provides lecturers. During the last few months a Women's Temperance Union has been started, and it is already doing good work; but it is only with the greatest difficulty that we can struggle on for want of funds. If we allow the society through lack of funds to perish, it will be a sin and a disgrace to the Church of England. A short time ago the Govern ment thought fit to close the useful Home for Inebriates at Northcote ; whether they could have economised in other directions is a matter of opinion. We think they might. When that was done' the women's branch of our society went in a deputation to the Government, and said that this society would work the Home if the Government would hand it over to them. At the present time the women's society desire to establish a Church of England Home for Inebriates, but it cannot be done for want of funds. How can this be remedied? The only way is by more interest being taken in Temperance. It is no use passing resolutions like this without action following. I would suggest that members, notwithstanding the pressure of multifarious duties, would pay a little more attention to the cause which I am sure they believe in, but which. is allowed to be crushed out through pressure of other duties. I am desirous that every member should join the Church of England Temperance Society. We sometimes hear statements about the waning influence of the Church of England. I don't believe that the Church of England is waning. But the only effectual way to keep.it from waning is to support institutions which are doing much for the people at large, and if the Church of England supports a cause like the Church of England Temperance Society with vigour and enthusiasm, I think we shall hear very little about the waning influence of the Church of England. Archdeacon Stretch: I second the resolution with much pleasure. I am sorry that I have not been able to attend as many meetings as I should have liked. Since this is a Church of England society a branch should be established in every parish. The committee who framed this motion have been very discreet; they have not moved that there should be a branch in every parish, but that in the opinion of this Assembly it is highly desirable there should be. If the members don't propose to do anything the motion is all a blank. Supposing members of the Assembly individually were resolved, as Mr. Elliott said, to do something, a beginning would be made. If every member would form a resolution to do something in his parish or district, much good might be done. We want money and hearts in love with the object. The Dean : I never was a good whip, but between seventy and eighty years ago I was in. Limerick with my uncle. My uncle's coachman had hurt his hand, and I had to drive all the way from Limerick toDublin. The road was a good one; there were no hills, and it was far from crowded;— plenty of room, and yet I had one difficulty that makes me remember that drive more than other circum stances of my life. One horse was so sluggish that it was very hard to get it to move, and the; other.was so spirited that it was scarcely possible to keep him in. Now, that is precisely the- position of this society. ? I never met, except Bishop Perry, a man who was not a total abstainer really zealous in the cause of Temperance. On the other hand, except Archdeacon Langley, I never met an ardent total abstainer who was not perfectly mad on the subject. (Applause.) I used to attend the meetings of the Temperance Society in Melbourne when I possibly could, but I did not like to find myself classed as worse than a drunkard, arid guilty of I don't know how many iniquities.1 -At the last meeting I attended I sat somewhat awkwardly, feeling1 how cduld I slink out of the room without being too much noticed. '-'-'Shis society is two and a-half years old. We had a very fine society, I forget how many years ago — certainly more than twelve — and it was strangled by the intemperance of our temperance advocates.. If ..we want to rouse men who like myself wish to :be guided' by the Bible, and do not find total abstinence in^the. Bible, we must be moderate, and get them to attend meetings where they won't be treated aadreack ful outcasts past hope. It is characteristic of this country. I have seldom made a proposal that was not strangled by the endeavour _ to carry it out too far. On one side we want moderation and tolera tiorii and on the other side to meet two terrible evils. There is one evil which every one rises against, and that is drunkenness; I need say nothing about that. There is another evil, and that is that often sober men, who never were intoxicated in their lives, take more strong drink than is either needful or good for them. We want to be moderate in our spirit and moderate in our language, and then I am quite satisfied that numbers of men who now shrink from pur meetings would be glad to come forward if they were welcomed and encouraged as brothers. If we combine ourselves together as men who ob£y, the precept— 'Let your moderation be known of all men'— we might accomplish that which seems extravagant. We might have a real society in every parish in the diocese, supported by every right minded man. Mr. Elliott: We all regret that anything should have been said that would hurt the feelings of the Dean. The object of the society is to encourage, as far as possible, the co-operation of all. . We welcome everybody. . Mr. A. F. French : My individual standpoint is that of the total abstainer; I am most thankful that many years ago I became one^ but I am glad to work with others. I do not agree with the Dean; that total abstainers look askance upon non-abstainers, except in ai few rare instances ; that feeling is dying out. (Hear, hear.) Canon Dickinson: Not only is a man who takes a glass of wine or a glass of ale from time to time, as he feels it necessary to do so, as temperate a man as the total abstainer, but more ; he has to exercise' a constant and habitual restraint. The man who stops, and can stop' at one glass, is exercising continual self-restraint. With regard to the practical working of the society, if I may encourage any who have not a branch in their parish, I would say that if they will get up a brarich and have fortnightly meetings, not dry, but attended with such things as music and recitations, they will show the young people that it is quite possible to be religious, temperate, and total abstainers, and yet be as joyful and happy as anybody. The Hon. F. S. Grimwade: I hope this resolution will be passed, and that every gentleman here, as far as he possesses the power, will do everything to help it. If all aimed at Temperance, society would be purer, and we would all be better citizens; In the parish with which I am connected the Temperance Society Branch is productive of a great deal of good, and formed a point of common interest. We have heard it said that the Church of England is not a working-man's church ;'? I think the experience of all of us has been to bear that out. If we go into the suburban churches we see very few artisans thereT If we shad a feranch of this society in each parish it would work & beneficial influence in that way. If clergymen started branches they would be brought into contact with all classes of the community; if institutions such as inebriate retreats, refuges, mission-vans, &o.t; were commenced, there would be common work for the Church to do, and much good would result; clergymen and laymen would be brought to know each other better. If the gentlemen forming this Assembly pass this resolution they should not go away and forget about it; each one, whether he be cleric or layman, should endeavour to carry out the object. ? In reply to an inquiry from Canon Potter as to what moderate drinking meant, Mr. Grimwade referred him to an article written, by the late Bishop of Peterborough in June, 1885. Archdeacon Langley : I think the first point of importance is to ask, Can there be a more moderate solution of the question of intemperance than the dual basis? I think everyone will say that nothing can be more moderate. Those men who take strong views do strong work;: The man that has got one idea, and only sees one idea, and throws himself with the whole force of his nature to accomplish that idea, * is the man that does something. The Dean seems to think that I do not go quite so far as my brethren. I know that. It is because mj friends who are non-abstainers think I should take a glass of wine with them, and the others think I am half-hearted. That is. because I look upon two sides of the question. God forbid that anyone should say that the practice by our Saviour of taking a glass of wine was not right; but while we say it is perfectly right, some of us. think that because, of the present distress, because of the necessity of our position, because there is so much drunkenness abroad, because we think we could help the drunkard who is particularly weak and lend him sympathy — we bind ourselves by a promise in order to bind a man who would not bind himself without our help. That is the position I think the Church of England takes up. We who are strong bind our selves for the weak. Could anything be more moderate ? .It is very easy to pass resolutions — and we have passed a great many resolutions on this question, and the passing generally ends the whole thing,: I hope the whole of this Assembly if they pass this will go home and make a start; if they say it is desirableoto do a thing, it is their common duty to do it. /' The Kev. F. J. Price : I would say it is highly undesirable to pass' the motion if it is going to fall through; enthusiasts only can carry it through. I am prepared, with the consent of my vicar, to estabr lish a branch of the Church of England Temperance Society in North Melbourne. The Bishop: I heartily hope that the resolution will be carried by* the Assembly. ? _: The motion was agreed to unanimously. . HOSPITALITY COMMITTEE. : Archdeacon Langley moved that the thanks of the Assembly be given to. the Hospitality Committee for their kindness in entertaining us during our time in Melbourne. The motion was carried with acclamation. SCBUTINEEES. The Eev. J. Garliok: There is a body of gentlemen who every year give services which are always increasing in value, as time goes on; they are the scrutineers. Last night the result of the elections was made known within two hours after the closing of the poll. I beg to move a vote of thanks to the scrutineers. The motion was carried with acclamation. The following were the Scrutineers for the present Session : — Eev. J. F. Stretch, LL.B., Rev. E. S. Hughes, B.A., Eev. W. E. H. Percival, Eev. W. Carey Ward, M. A., Messrs. P. G. Bichardson, W; J. Bradshaw, F. Eustace, A. F. French. ILLNESS OF ARCHDEACON HEEBING. . The Eev. G. N. Bishop moved a vote of condolence to Archdeacon Herring on account of his absence through illness. Canon Carlisle seconded the motion, which was agreed to. OPENING DAY OF FUTUBE SESSIONS. Canon Watson : I move, ' That this house respectfully requests his Lordship the Bishop to consider the desirability of appointing Tuesday as the first day of meeting of future sessions, with the view of extend ing the sittings into a second week, so as to give time both for the due discussion of matters brought before the Assembly and for the various meetings and services that are held during its sittings.' It would be an advantage if the Assembly could revert to the custom in existence in the davs of Dr. Perrv. and meet on Tuesdav. ' Mr. J. Hornsby: The motion of Canon Watson does not convey the wishes of the country laity. The Bishop : It is impossible for us always to tread in the steps of ouf ancestors. It took Bishop Perry days to travel from Melbourne to Sale ; it takes the present Bishop a very short time. It would be very foolish to argue that the present Bishop should occupy the same time on the road ; and so with general matters connected with this diocese. It is idle to say that matters are hurried over when we have given an . hour and a-half to Mr. Toomath's motion. Many of the Assembly — ' clergy and laity — would be obliged to go home on Saturday, and we should only have the ghost of an Assembly to consider business on _ Monday. The Dean: I remember how in former times the Assembly got less and less ; there was a good meeting on the first day, but as the nights went on it was scarcely possible to obtain a quorum. The motion was lost. ENDOWMENT OF PAEISHES. The Eev. Dr. Wilson moved — ' That a committee be appointed to consider what practicable steps can be taken towards the endowment of parishes in the Diocese of Melbourne, such committee' to consist of the Dean of Melbourne, Archdeacon Langley, Canon Vance, Canon Haridfield, Eev. C. J. Godby, Eev. J. F. Stretch, Mr. Justice Hodges, Sir George Verdon, Mr. F. E. Godfrey, Mr. W. E. Morris, and the mover, to have leave to sit during the recess, and to report to the Bishop-in-Council with a view to the preparation and introduction of the Bill for consideration by the next Church Assembly.' The Bishop of Melbourne's Fund is the heart of the Church community, and he believed there was too much strain on that heart. We all agree that it ought to be a Home Mission Fund. . It ought to be the recognised means of the Church in putting out feelers in new districts, and the city districts should as far as possible support this. Sup posing a parish put by some fixed sum as a sinking fund, after a few years there would be an appreciable sum, the interest on which would be considerable. If a parish had put by £10 a year from the time the diocese was established it would now have a settled income. It might be thought that this would interfere with the Bishop of Melbourne's Fund, but it would relieve it of a good deal in time. The ? only': way in which it could interfere would be in the matter of legacies, that a man would rather leave it to his own parish than to the Bishop of Melbourne's Fund, or to any other central fund, but he questioned whether the money would have been left to the Bishop of Melbourne's Fund. Mr. Godfrey seconded the motion, and trusted that the Assembly would remember that it was only appointing a committee. The motion was agreed to after the following names had been added to the committee: — Bev. H. Finter, Canon Carlisle, Eev. J. Garlick, Canon Watson, Eev. A. Maxwell, Messrs. Argyle and Bush. FEE FOE MAEEIAGE LICENSES. The Eev. W. G. Hindley moved— (1) ' That the Bishop be respect \- fully requested to consider the advisability of reducing the proportion of the fee for marriage licenses to be paid to the Church Management Fund to £1 Is.; (2) that in order to ensure the efficiency of Church management*, and to conserve existing interests, the Bishopin \- Council be empowered to make up the requisite income to cover any deficiency in the Church Management Fund out of the General Fund of the Church.' This question is not new, but for the first time we have an assurance from the Bishop that the thing will be passed, and there will he no official objection to it. At the present time the fee is £3 3s., and my motion only refers to the portion for the Eegistrar. There has been a very grave and widespread dissatisfaction throughout the diocese. The Bishop does not participate in any of these fees himself, but we have a Eegistry to maintain, and the expenses of the Church management must be defrayed. What is called a tax on marriage works a little unevenly, or causes a little friction. Some parishes contribute little to Church management, others a great deal. A marriage in town is an unmixed blessing to the celebrant ; but in the country it means running after a horse, grooming, riding perhaps fifty miles, and all for three guineas, of which two go to the Eegistry. There is a risk of a loss of £240 to be divided between 90 clergy. If 'all the clergy will be good enough to send in one guinea for each marriage performed, the income, instead of being £900, would be £1400, which would still leave a surplus. Legally the Church of England knows two methods of marriage-^by banns or by license. The clergy, some of them, have three methods — ? by banns, by license, and by neither banns nor license. Archdeacon MacCullagh: I have very much pleasure in seconding this motion. A man is. morally bound, even if he is not legally bound, to carry, out the law of the Church. (Applause.) It was felt to be a hardship by a number of poor clergymen in the struggling parts of this diocese when they took up the records and found that some of the clergy had married large numbers of persons, and had not sent in a single shilling to the Eegistry. The sooner that is put an end to the better. There might be a black list on which the names should be published, arid they considered moral defaulters. Canon Potter : I agree with Archdeacon MacCullagh's sentiments. It is not only an injury to the diocese, but to every honest man in the diocese. It is a wrong that should be put an end to, but I am afraid that this resolution will not put an end to it. I have something which weighs very much upon my conscience. The Bishop: This is an occasion for plain speaking, and I' think we can trust Canon Potter, and allow him to say what he wishes. v : Canon Potter: I think the whole system of issuing marriage licenses is wrong from the foundation, and the only way^fco get out of it is by abolishing the system altogether. You might -say you have no means except banns, but you have no right to sell a right to any one to break the Bubric of the Church; this is a matter which your; Lordship alone has a right to decide. You will by your own act put an end to an episcopal scandal. I don't object at all to the Bishop, having such a right, but disposing of them for money is nothing more or less than a relic of mediaeval Christianity, being a sale of indul gences. (Applause.) Arrange a system for dispensing with banns under circumstances explained to you without charge, and let the clergy pay £1 into the revenue for each marriage. If we are to reform the Church, let us do away with one of the first abuses of pre-Eeformation. times. (Applause.) . The Eev. C. P^ Thomas : Where is the clergyman to produce the £1 from if he doesn't charge? Judge Molesworth: A voluntary gift. The Eev. W. G. Hindley: The very best method would be one that would separate the question of Church management and marriages, and this the Assembly can do in time safely. Make Church manage^ ment the first charge on leases that expire in 1905. - ? The motion was agreed to. MAEEIAGE EETUENS. .-'.-. ...,.;. '? .[' \\- Canon Vance moved — ' That it be the duty of every clergyman. of the diocese who may be registered for the solemnising of marriages to! make a return before January 30th in every year as to the full number of marriages he has solemnised during the previous year, stating how many have been solemnised after banns in accordance with the Eubric, and how many by license.' (Applause.) '? The motion was seconded by Archdeacon MacCullagh. Dr. Stacey Chapman : I would suggest that forms be sent to them by December 15th previous. Canon Vance accepted the suggestion Canon Dickinson: I would suggest that columns be added to the form to show the amount paid for the licenses, and how many were free. . : Canon Potter: I am most entirely in accord with Canon Vance ; I! only regret that it is not an act with a penalty to it. I would like to see the breaking of it an offence for which a clergyman could be removed from bis cure. Mr. Godfrey: The Church ought in someway or other to compel clergymen to give returns. It is very wrong, but I don't think any resolution which you may pass will bind any clergyman to do it. I suggest the insertion of the words 'according to the Eubric,' because: some clergymen publish them not according to the Eubric. The Bishop : The right time is after the second lesson. Canon Vance: I greatly regret that time will not permit us to bring uran Act to make it an offence to omit to send in the returns. We should not let this go on without expressing our mind that any clergyman breaking this rule shall be guilty of contempt of this Assembly. I don't think ijb would be wise to add the columns which Canon Dickinson has mentioned. It will be very easy to get all these particulars if my resolution is carried, because as soon as the Eegistrar has obtained the list of marriages by license, if that does not agree with his record of the fees brought to him, he can ask questions as to the discrepancy. ? The motion was agreed to unanimously. ELECTIONS. The result of the elections was announced as follows: — Canonry — Eev. C. T. Perks. ..'''? Council of Diocese — Bev. C. T. Perks, Eev. C. J. Godby, Eev. H. F. Tucker, and the Eev. D. M. Berry (who retires in 1894, having filled' the vacancy occasioned by the resignation of Canon Chalmers), Hon. F. S. Grimwade, Messrs. F. G. Smith arid J. H. Maddock. The following gentlemen were appointed by the Bishop:— Eev. H. B. Macartney, Hon. Sir W. J. Clarke, Messrs. Henry Henty and E. D. Puckle. Board of Electors (Bishopric) — Archdeacon Herring. ' Clergy, Widow, and Orphans1 Fund (Board of Management)-^- Bev. C. J. Gbdby arid Hon. F. S. Grimwade. Hon. Auditors: Eey. W. Green and Mr. T. B. Hill. Book Depot (Committee of Management)— -Eev. C. J. Godby and Mr.W. S. Puckle. Superannuation Fund (Board of Management) — Eev. W. G. Hindley. Board of Missions (Corresponding Committee) — Bev. S.'C. Kent. SELECT COMMITTEES. Mr. F. E. Godfrey: I move the adoption of a new By-law as follows: ' Every member intending to move for the appointment of a Select Committee shall ascertain previously whether each member proposed to be named by him on such committee will give his attend ance thereon.' . The Eegistrar seconded the motion, which was agreed to. BESOLUTIONS OF A PENAL CHABACTEB. : Canon Dickinson moved — 'That no resolution of a penal character affecting any minister or member, of the Church be submitted to the Asserflbly.except.it.be for unbecoming conduct during the actual session of the Assembly.' . The Eev. G. N. Bishop seconded the motion. Canon Goodman moved that the question be not put. Canon Dickinson withdrew his motion. ; ATTENDANCE OF MEMBEBS OF COUNCIL. ' Mr. Godfrey moved— ?'.That the Bishop-in-Councit be requested to giye in future, reports of their proceedings a statement showing the attendance of members of Council during . the yeEf^aTCouii^^meet ipgs and committees of the same, with the/ntunber of- meetihgsSpf ejach held during the period.' / v ' ''-:-\ -*'- '...??? ; : ? vimm^'f TEAVELLING EXPENSES oX^E^EE^v . ^^-;^ \- The' Eev. A. Maxwell moved— 'That this l^e^bly jtebommend payment to Beaders of their traveling expenses when 'compelled to attend their examinations in Melbourne;' Mr. C. A.' Pearce seconded the motion. Archdeacon Langley : I do not think the' Eeaders would like Mr. Maxwell to bring this forward. The best thing we can do is not to entertain it. . . The Eev. D. M. Berry: I was 'prepared to support the motion, but on the assurance of Archdeacon Langley that the Eeaders would, not like it, I 'think it would be very impertinent if we offered them some thing they did not want. Something might be done whereby they could receive hospitality when in town. I would be very happy, to co-operate with any gentlemen who would arrange that. : The Eev. A. Maxwell : I will withdraw my motion. I suppose' I shall be allowed to bring this matter before the Council. EVANGELISTIC SEEVICES. .Canon Vance: Owing to the regrettable death: of Mr. George 1 Guillaume only three days before the date for which the Select Com mittee for considering the better evangelising of our Church service had been convened, that Committee is not in a position to make any report to the Assembly. OEGAN EECITAL. On the motion of the Eev. W. Charles Ford, it was resolved thai the cordial thanks of the Assembly be presented to Mr. Ernest Wood for the Organ Eecital which he had kindly afforded them an opportunity of hearing. THE LATE BISHOP PEEEY. Canon Goodman moved — ' That the Lord Bishop be respectfully requested to forward to Mrs. Perry, in the name of this Assembly, a letter expressing their deep sympathy in the severe loss which she has sustained in consequence of the death of the late lamented Bishop, their sense of the benefits conferred on this diocese by his self-denying labours, as well as their warm appreciation of those high talents which through a long life he earnestly consecrated to the service of his Heavenly Master.' Agreed to. THE LATE HON. T. T. A'BECKETT. Canon Potter moved—' That this Assembly desires to express its sense of the great value to the Church of the work of the late Hon. T. T. A'Beokett, and to ask the Bishop to convey to the widow its sympathy with her in her bereavement.' The Eegistrar, in seconding the motion, extolled the estimable character of his predecessor, referring with affectionate recollection to his association with him for nearly forty years, and to the great work he had done for the Church, with marked ability, during that period. Agreed to. . . : . THE LATE BISHOP OF GOULBUEN. The Dean moved — ' That this Assembly desire respectfully to express to : Mrs. Thomas their high sense of the value to the Australian Colonies of the character, the labours, and the influence of the late Bishop of Goulburn, and their deep sympathy with her in her bereavement.' We have lost in the Bishop of Goulburn one of the best bishops that ever adorned the bench. : Agreed to. \- PBESENTATION TO CANON CHALMEES. The Standing Orders having been suspended, Canon Vance asked the Bishop to make a presentation to Canon Chalmers, in the name of the clergy of the diocese. : The Bishop, addressing Canon Chalmers, said: There are many of your clerical brothers present on this occasion whose long and intir. mate knowledge of your work in this colony would have rendered; ' them suitable to perform the office which has devolved upon me, but ' it is thought that as Bishop of this diocese I should speak to you in: their name, and therefore I perform the duty with very great, pleasure and satisfaction. I am sure that you have known long before this that your fellow-clergymen heartily rejoice^ at your promotion— (applause) — and I think it must be very pleasant for you to feel that those who know you best are thoroughly satisfied as to your fitness for the high office to which you have been called. .1 believe that some of those now present have had an opportunity of .watching your career from the time of your first landing on these shores. They have, seen the growth, of the Church and of parish after parish ;which you haye seryed. They have experienced from the first — and this is true, I; believe, of all the clergy, in the diocese who have ever worked with you ' — your cpnstant courtesy, kindness, and readiness to help them in all their parochial work. It has been, I think, a conspicuous part'.of your work that you have rendered efficient aid to the younger clergy associated with you. We have all been proud of the part you have . taken in our Church Assembly and General Synod. (Hear, hear.). We are all ready to acknowledge your readiness .in debate, .your capacity to deal with large ecclesiastical questions affecting . the Church at large, and, moreover, I am surrounded by. those who have . ? witnessed from the beginning your consistent life and character, j. 1 which is the very foundation of all permanent influence. It may be '_ 'that your brethren view your promotion with mingled feelings. While they rejoice with you, they feel the snap of the tie; but I think to your younger, brethren particularly the event will be one of almost; unmixed encouragement and satisfaction. I heartily rejoice with the - younger clergy, because it enables them to realise, as perhaps they were never able to realise before, that the faithful and self-denying labours of a clergyman who has devoted his whole life to the laborious service of the Colonial Church are cordially recognised as winning the highest rewards which the Church in Australia has it in her power to . bestow. (Applause.) I now have the pleasure of presenting to you the address which the clergy have signed. The presentation also includes a set of episcopal robes, and the robe of Doctor of , Divinity, together with a cheque to defray the expense of a D.D. Degree in the Trinity College of Toronto', The address is as follows : — 'To the Eeverend William Chalmers, B.D., Incumbent of St. Andrew's, Brighton, Canon of St. Paul's Cathedral, Melbourne, and Bishop-elect of the Diocese of Goulburn, New South Wales. ' Eeverend and Dear Sir— We, the clergy of the Diocese of Mel bourne, with whom as a body you have in work and in friendship been associated for more than thirty years, desire to express to you bur sincere and hearty congratulations on your call to the high office of a * Bishop in the Church of Christ. While we rejoice in common with the whole Church in Australia that the election to the Bishopric, ot . Goulburn has fallen upon a clergyman from these: colonies, we. are especially glad to know that your election is due to no local influence, but to the high esteem in which your name is held by your brethren in the neighbouring dioceses, and to the conspicuous ability shown by you at the last Session of the General Synod. Of your great capacity for the public business of the Church, the Churchmen of this diocese have repeatedly testified their appreciation by electing you again arid again to one after another of. the highest offices of trust which they have it in their power to confer.. Of your foresight and breadth of .view where the interests of religion are concerned, and of your power of impressing your convictions on a deliberative body, you are leaving us a monument in the masterly scheme for Church Extension in and around Melbourne which you originated in and carried through the Church Assembly. Of your success and fidelity as a parochial clergy man, the various parishes which have flourished under your pastorship, the congregations which you have gathered, the churches which you have built — are eloquent witnesses. We are thankful and proud to be able to send to a sister diocese so wise and able a leader. We can well believe that the responsibility of the high office to which you are called weighs heavy upon you, and therefore we assure you that you have our earnest prayer that the Holy Spirit may plentifully endue you with every gift and every grace, that you may so labour in the work and ministry of a Bishop that when the Chief Shepherd shall appear you may receive the never-fading crown of glory. — We are, reverend and dear sir, yours very faithfully in the Lord Jesus Christ.' In presenting you with this address, I thought there was something touching in the pictures which appear on it of two unfinished Cathedrals — Goulburn and Melbourne. Both these Cathedrals appear not as they are, but as they will be by-and-bye. They are approxi mating a high ideal, but have not yet realised it. I am sure you have experienced that feeling during your ministry here, and that you will continue to feel it. Our earnest prayer for you is that you may more and more by God's grace approximate to that ideal, and before you are called away do very much in addition to what you have done towards edifying the Body of Christ. (Applause.) Three cheers were given for Canon Chalmers. Canon Chalmers: My Lord Bishop, and my dear friends of the Clergy— I should be most unthankful if I were not most deeply sensible of the great kindness which you have exhibited towards me in making me this handsome and valuable presentation to-day, and I am' also most deeply sensible of the great kindness of the Church Assembly in suspending its ordinary business in order that this presen tation might be made to me ; it is an honour done in the most public way that the Church in this country can afford. With respect to the gifts which have been made to me, I can conceive nothing more appropriate; they are certainly most welcome to me. With regard to the sum of money which has been given to me in order that I may defray the expenses of obtaining the degree of Doctor of Divinity, I am very glad to be put in a position to obtain the degree which Trinity College, Toronto, has already expressed its readiness to confer on me. I trust that when I am a Bishop I shall not only be an Australian clergyman, but shall have the degree of a colonial univer sity, so that from top to toe I may regard myself as a colonial product. (Applause.) I only wish that I could feel myself worthy of the office. It was a deep satisfaction to me to know that my behaviour and work in. the Diocese of Melbourne have gained me the good opinion of, I may say, the whole of my fellow-labourers in the ministry of Christ. Of course, as you all know, from the first day of my coming to this colony Thave had opinions of my own, and I don't think I have been afraid to 'express them in public or private. I am happy to say I have been ahle to express them, and you have received them in a tolerant . spiriit. We have been able for the last thirty years to live together in peace and friendship. I regard it as a distinct characteristic of the Diocese of Melbourne that its large body of clergymen of different minds and different schools of thought, training, and education, with perhaps scarcely an exception, have been able to work together with ope, heart arid soul in watching the interests of that Church; I . hope that this special characteristic may long continue. (Applause.) There is one paragraph in the address on which I should like to say a word or two; it is in connection with my election as a colonial clergy man to a colonial See. Here I would divest myself for a moment of personality. The Diocese of Goulburn has set an example by select ing a clergyman from the colonies to fill the See. As the Bishop says,. it is an encouragement to all younger clergymen. I have done vjery little to merit the number of kind letters I have received from this and all dioceses congratulating, not so much myself as the Church in Australia, that at length a bold step forward has been taken, and that those who have spent their lives in the work of the Colonial Church are not to be considered ineligible for the high offices which the Church has to confer. It is this feeling that has led me to prefer to be consecrated in the cpionies. I am not insensible to the pleasure of going to England, ; and- paying a visit to the mother country, from which I have been ; absent thirty-five years. But it seemed to me that as an Australian clergyman elected to an Australian See the proper place for consecra tion was in an Australian Cathedral, and by Australian Bishops. I have heard no argument against it except that of sentiment. I am sure you will all believe me that it is a matter of deep regret that I am called upon to sever my connection with the Diocese of Melbourne. I came to this diocese a young man ; I had scarcely done any work in the Church. I came, I suppose, as ignorant as most young clergymen are of the duties that lay before them in the future. If I have been able to accomplish this duty with any satisfaction to those with whom I have been connected, certainly I think I owe my fitness to the train ing I have received here in parochial district and Assembly work. I shall always feel that I owe the greatest debt of gratitude to the Church Assembly of Melbourne for what it has done for me. It is a very remarkable thing that until my last parish I never received any parochial appointment except from the Bishop of the Diocese. I trust that in whatever work comes to me I may be sustained by the prayers of the members of the Diocese of Melbourne. . Canon Carlisle : One of the oldest members of the Eural Deanery ^ of Kyneton has prepared an address embodying the feelings and congratulations of their Chapter, and with your permission it will be read by him. The Kev. Charles Ford read the following address: — 'To the Eev. William Chalmers, B.D., Bishop-elect of the Diocese of Goulburn, New South Wales. \- M Reverend and Dear Sir — We, the members of the Rural Deanery of Kyneton, cannot allow your election as Bishop of Goulburn to pass by without offering you. our hearty and fraternal congratulations. We _ recollect with pleasure that your connection with this Chapter as; its^. first Rural Dean was marked by the happy cooperation of its: members ?= in the suggestions you introduced, and -we are sure that your advance ment to the august office of bishop will not efface the memory, of; those days when you were our ' guide, philosopher, and friend.' 'And we also feel that your tried usefulness as a parish priest both; in country and town, and not less the prominent position- you have taken in the Councils of the Diocese, will bear good fruit in the administration of your own See. 'We commend you affectionately—' Deo etverbo gratia vpsius, qui potens est cedificare et dare hccreditatem in sanctificatis omnibus.' — We are, dear sir,, yours most faithfully, for and on behalf -of ; the Chapter, J. Cablisle, Rural Dean ; W. Chables Ford, Chapter Clerk.'- Canon Chalmers : It is very many years ago since I received- a letter; from Bishop Moprhouse asking me to accept the Rural Deanery of the District of Kyneton. I think it was the first public office in connection.; with the diocese that had been conferred upon me, and, as you can imagine, I received the offer of appointment with very great pleasure, not on account of the office, but that it would bring me into closer relations with dear friends in that Rural Deanery. We laid, at any rate, in those , days ? the foundation of a long course br future usefulness. I believe the Diocese of Goulburn has no Rural Deanery. Should any be formed, I hope that they will be characterised by the same spirit as prevailed in the Rural Deanery of Kyneton. J V am very much obliged to you for this recognition of happy association in the past ; it will be one of the pleasant memories to carry to my ; new home. (Cheers.) THE BISHOP'S CLOSING ADDRESS. The Bishop : On the. whole, much useful business has been done this Session. A new pin or a new screw may be introduced into some machinery and nobody take any notice of it, and yet it may conduce to the smooth and effective working of the whole machine ; that is how I loot at the numerous acts and resolutions.. I am very thankful that so-much has been said about the Bishop of Melbourne's ' Fund.'/The fact that it has been made prominent in every Assembly must 'contri- bute to the benefit of the fund, and to the enlargement and extension of the Church. We have also reason to be pleased that Dr. Wilson brought forward his motion for the endowment .of parishes, It was a very disinterested thing on his part, and I rejoice to see the spirit with which the Assembly received it. We are much indebted to Mr. Stretch for the speech he delivered on the scope and area of the Clergy, Widow, and Orphans' Fund; he must have submitted himself ? to much self-denial to master all the facts of the case. I wpuld like the Assembly not to close without expressingoiir hearty thanks to the Hospi tality Committee for the admirable arrangements which have been made during the week, and let me express the pleasure I feel at haying seen so, large a number of the clergy around the Lord's Table. I also wish to- thank, in particular, those gentlemen who read the devotional papers, on Tuesday morning ; they were very able, interesting, and profitable. I would suggest that looking at the amount of business that has tobe, done on Tuesday it would be well if the devotional papers werethree,, instead of four; if that were done the meeting would be over by, twelve o'clock. I desire also to thank our Chairman of Committees for his admirable services during the Session. Someone had said that, we had a General Booth in Mr. Godfrey, and suggested sending him out ; but if we had the misfortune to lose Mr. Godfrey, is there anyone in the room who has sufficient knowledge of Parliamentary procedure —the ' previous question' included— to take his place ? (Laughter.) A great deal has necessarily been said, and mucbt thought, has been expended on merely financial considerations, but I. am sure that my brethren, my clerical brethren more particularly,' desire to consider this subordinate to the great work of the ministry. The aim of the: ministry is to bring souls to God* and increase ithe kingdom of Oar Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ, and I trust that we wul leave this meeting with our souls quickened and oui' minds made up to do more to accomplish this great object. The Bishop prorogued the Assembly sine die at about half-past five p.m. on Friday, September 30th, 1892. . . . . .... . Mason, Firth & M'Cutcheon, Printers, 516 Little Collins St., Melbourne. 