UNSHAKEN COLUMNAR TBUTHS. BY JOSEPH COOK. Onxr infallible truth, is fit for a soul preparing for a future world. Infallibility is a tremendous word. I would define inspiration as the gift of infallibility in teaching the way of life. This is the middle definition, between verbal inspiration on one side, and rationalism on the othar. I do not admit that the historical statements of the Bible may not be verbally inspired. I have not changed my attitude, but accept the whole Bible as the Word of God. I choose, however, this middle position, on which all may stand, maintaining the infallibility of all self-evident truth and the absolute veracity of Christ. It is violently unscientific and absurd to doubt self- evident truths. It is almost a sin against the Holy Ghost to doubt the truthfulness of our Saviour. The very authority of our religion depends on these ground truths. - This is an age of critical earthquakes in regard to the Scriptures, but certain monumental truths remain unshaken. We will call them Columnar'Truths. They have to do with eternal life. They are columns which form God's great temple, the Old Testament the nave of the cathedral, and the New Testament, the choir, with the [Fourth Gospel, the holy of holies. Let us study these mighty main things to-day and Fiee their trend. 1\. The first columnar truth is Monotheism. This is clearly taught in the first chaptt r of Genesis, rather than pantheism, polytheism, atheism or agnosticism. It is as old as the first syllable of the Holy Ghosi'. 2\. Man's creation in the image of God stands secure. This involves the unity of the race, his dignity, his susceptibility to inspiration, his free moral agency. 3\. The next pillar is that of the family. Monogamy is taught clearly. The words: " These are the generations," introduce the fourteen divisions of Genesis. This book is as orderly as Job or John. This is brought out by the higher critics and I would not undervalue their work. 4\. The institution of the Sabbath next appears, a pinnacle for the ages. 5\. The existence and origin of sin is also incontrovertible. At this point, the storm of opposition to Eden and its fall rages fiercely. I have a most contemptuous estimate of those who treat Eden as a myth. It covers profundities of history, and its lessons are taught nowhere outside of the Bible. We have on this platform a man who has probably written more on this subject than any author living: President Warren, author of " Paradise Found." I believe with him that man could have come southward from the North Pole, as we know has been the case with certain plants and animals. G. The next pillar is the hope of redemption through a Saviour, It was early declared that the woman's seed should bruise the serpent's head. I utterly oppose all anti-supernaturalistic critics. There are but three schools of criticism, one has remarked. First, the old school; second, the new school; and third, the raw school. (Laughter.) Prof. Ivuenen is one of the last class. He has left our God, and ceased to be a power. 7\. Next comes the Deealogus. The ten commandments are not outgrown, as Dr. Abbott claims that we have so far evolved beyond them, that they should not be put on the walls of modern churches. I asked Dr. Abbott the other night if the lottery was not an evolution in the wrong direction. He replied, that there is an evolution of the Kingdom of God and another of the Kingdom of the Devil, one up, the other down. The Decalogue ha;s not evolved either way, but is the quintessence of correct living, the key which unlocks human nature and life. I don't care where it originated if, like the multiplication table, it works well. 8\. The Psalms are a combination of many pillars. They are miracles of poetry. They are the love of humanity blossoming into law. John Bright said that he was willing to stake his belief of revelation on the Psalms. Gladstone claims that they have no parallel on earth. 0\. The Prophecies are a whole transept of pillars. ' These have not been and canuot be wrenched out of their place. They are the keystone of the arch of triumph. The prophecies concerning the Jews, the destruction of Jerusalem, the spread of tlus gospel, aud, above all, the Messianic prophecies (not according to Dr. Brigg!») prove themselves. 10.'The .Sermon 011 the Mount is the next pillar. I believe, as is Btated on Daniel Webster's tombstone, that this cannot be of human production. It witnesses to its divinity and must endure. 11\. Ihe Lord's prayer comes next. As long as God is God and man is man it Bhall continue to bs prayed. 12\. The character of Jesus is also unimpeachable; Napoleon, who knew men, said he could not-be ft man. 13\. The' verified ' promise of the Holy Spirit lias;glorious place in this temple of trnth. 'V"- / :''.:.'*. . - 14\. The Christian Church, which shall outlast 'the kingdoms of earth, rises grandly _ to view. Its critics see it from without. Like the windows of the Cathedral, it is far morebeautiful when seen frdm within. 15\. Last and supreme miracle of all, are the- Fruits of Christianity. These prove theirheavenly origin throughout the whole world' and cannot be gainsaid. With these immovable columns, resting for' its substructure, on the Cross of Calvary, with its basis, man's eternal reason, the entire structure forms a cathedral of the holy soul, from which nothing destroying the whole, can be removed without —Advance. 