-LOCAL-ITEMS' .O. iWednesday last throughout the'doloiy was felt the full: force of the. stormy :weather 'and' the keen biting wind .. Cold drenching show ers, heavy'hiiil showers and wind, liglitningand contintuousthunderpeals signalised the afternoon. , Wild weather prevailed along the coast, anid throughout the colony heavy 'rain fell. Telegraph lines were in terropted - for' a while, and much gex'eral" damage was done. The storm, which died"' way towards nightfall, redoubled its fury about 7 p.m;,: wh.n thunder, lightning, hail and gale combined gave- a forcible presentation' of stormy winter weather. A 'large number of sheds were unroofed and 'chimneys cast down, but the storm had spent its fury by teii o'clock, and the remain der of the night tthough keen and cold, passed quietly away. ,In Brigh ton, Elsternwick and Caulfield the force of 'gale in the : afternoon was very keenly felt ahnd corrugateed iron roofs, sheds, chimney pots, sign boards, etc,, were cast hither and thither. by its fury and some very narrow escapes of fatal injury, if not of loss of limb were experienced. THAT Ghost: at Esternwick con tinues its vagaries,'and we presume will do so until it' catches a Tartar in the shape of, perchance, a policeman, or the male relatives of some who have been almost scared out of their wits by its apparition. There is an old saying of "long lives the fox but he is caught at last," and this the so called ghost may very soon find exemplified in its case. SMits. Hubbard aocknowledges with thanks 'a! sewing machine from Messrs Singe'i aiid Co.. afd' sewing cotton fionm Messrs Cliadwick and Kerr, for 'the Convalldehtt Home at Oakleigh. ": :.The Battle: of" Waterloo at the Victoria: Parade OCv;clorama' had a special' attendance -last Saturday. Being the' 77ith anniversary of the battle,' Mr.' Foster "recited Byron's Field of Waterloo, and miemontoes of the day were given to all :visitors. The Siege of Paris Cyclorama was also well patronised during the past week. M1ESSRS, ,Munro and , Bailieu, auictioiiners, o6f, ollins Striet, Mlel -i rne,. and Higlh S.treet -Arimadale .have beent: appointed ..rown. lands salesmen for the financial year ending 30th" JIiei 1895. : This is the sixth successive year" they have held the appointment. NETxvT Tuesday evening a grand concert iuider the patrornage of Sir. Frederick and Lady Sartood, will be given by the'Caulfield F'' otball Club, in the Caulfield Shire Hall, in aid of the Mornington Relief Fund. Patrons are requested to note that the iuss will leave the Balaclava Station at 7.17 and Elsternwick sta 'tion':'at 7.20."fdr' the Shire ball, returninhg at the'close of the concert. An excellent programme has been prepared and we hope to see a large audience present. OwNEsas of uiiregistered dogs in the' Town of Biiglitoihliad better pay a vist to Inspector Livesey and have their dogs registered. Mr. Livesey had a number of iersons summoned yesterday and fines of 6s,.with 3s. 6d. costs together with:- 5sZfor regis ' trdohi weore, inflicted' Tug anniversary services of the Wiiosi'-: Streiet, ; Brightoh, Presby. terian Church, w;ll be celebrated to morrow wlhen sermndns; will be preached as follows :--Morning at I' "liy Rev. 'C."H. Irwin. DM.A., of St. Audrews.Carlton, Afternoon at 3 by the Rev. J. T. Macrae. lM.A. of Toorak, and evening at 7 by Rev, A. E, Smith, M.,A, of Armadale, HON?FST men and upright 'doctors have acknowledged Professor Baun scheidt's system to be superior to that, of the ordinary school for cura tive powers in all cases of aeute sickness: Cancer positively' cured without knife, dirugs,'or nostruins. Our readers are' requested to visit Mr. S. Fisher of 5S Johnstone Street Fitzroy, who will be pleased to show .them numerous testimonials of the above new German: Healing Method Mr. Fisher has effected cures in cases of many patients who had been given up by legal medical practitioners. - . InTIHt. appeal by Mr. W. R. Merry, civil engineer, of. Sandring ham, in connection with hislitigation with the Government was disposed of by: the Full court on Wednesday. Mr; 3Merry'has for many years pro sec.. ited a.suit against the Queen, the Board ofLLandand Works and others, claiming five! .hundred .thousand pounds as damages for alleged breaches of contract in relation to the construction of the Geeolong to Ballarat railway in 1859-i0;, After hearing the pros. and cons. of the matter:. it. was . decided that the order. cf the primary judge : oild hbevaried .. by directing \- that the three guineas costs awarded the plaintiff be given against the defendants. The Right Reverend the Lord Bishop of Melbourne, is announced to preach the sermon at the 11 a.m. service in St. Andrews Church, Mid die Brighton, to-morrow. A telegram was on Tuesday re-. ceived by Mr. IH. G. Evered, share broker, of Melbourne, from Mrs: Derbin Willder, stating that Mr. Derbin Willder, of Point Nepean Road, Brighton, had fallen overboard from the s.s Aramac between Bris bane and Sydney on the 18th inst., and that his body had not been dis covered. We have been asked to announce .that The Excelsior Class will re-open on Tuesday evening next, when all members are requested to attend. Business important. I)n. Scott of Bay and Male streets .Brighton, by request, will deliver a short course of six lectures to wo men, in- the Elsternwick Hall, Murphy street. .The first of the course will be given next Monday afternoon atthree p.m., and as Dr. Scott is very popular as a lecturer as well as a skilled physician a very large attendance may be expected Ladies desirous of attending and joining the the class are requested to give in their names to the lect urer. 