THE MAIL STEAMERS. The R.M.S. Ophir (of the Orient line) left the quay at 1100:1 yesterday for London via j ports, taking in addition to a largo number 1 of passengers a valuable cargo of wool, pre- | served meats, frozen butter, etc. Tho i R.M.S. Orizaba, which arrived during tho forenoon from London, took ap tho borth ot the quay immediately it was vacated by tho Ophir. A telegram from Adelaide states that the P. and O. R.M.S. Victoria arrived at 5 a.m. yesterday from London, aud left again at 4.30 p.m. for Melbourne and Sydney. Tho Victoria is due here 011 Saturday next, and on the same day at 110011 the Carthage will be dispatched homewards. The German mail steamer Habsburg, from Bremen, ar- rived at Adelaide at 12.20 p.m. yesterday. mixisteniat. Visit to Wickitam.— Tho Premier, Sir George Dibbs, and the Minister for Public Instruction, Mr. Suttor, leave by the 9.30 train this morning for Newcastle.' In the afternoon the Ministers will take part in the opening of the Wickhain School of Arts. They start on their return at 3 in the afternoon, and should reach Sydne?at6p.m. A Quick Passage most Sydney to Lon don. — A cablegram has been received by the postal authorities iu Sydney notifying the arrival at London 011 Saturday night, 22nd inst., of the mails per R.M.S. Oruba, which left Sydney on September 19. The mails were due to reach London to-morrow. The Moonoulla Bore, — a telegram has been received by the Minister for Mines from Mr. Low, chief inspector ot watering places, who proceeded to the Moongulla boro with the object of stopping the flow of water and making arrangements with reference to utilising the land in the vicinity of tho bore for irrigation and othor purposes. Mr. Low states that he has been obliged to leave tho bore with the wator still flowing, so that his efforts in shutting off tho water appear to have been unsnccessful. His report upon the matter will be awaited with interest. The Melbourne Cup Traffic.— Owing to the small number of intending passengers, it was decided yesterday afternoon by the railway authorities to cancel the first Mel bourne Cup special, which was timed to leave Sydney at 4.30 p.m. yesterday. The people who had intended going to Melbourne in this train were sent on in the 5.15 down express, which carried a good load. A special Cup train will bo run on Thursday next. A large number of people left Sydney for Mel bourne by the R.M.S. Ophir. Spraying Machines. — Further exhibitions in various parts of tho colony arc to be made llV O f fEft A nmnlilfnyn 1 1 1 nl M /.M . £ V - vuw Axgiibumuiai blMUUb ui the spraying machines lately introduced to deal with insect pests. Mr. Trcseder is now in the western district engaged in this useful work of showing the fruit-growers and others how best to deal with the pests and the right kind of emulsions to use in diflerent cases. Mr. Shepherd is visiting the southern line, and to-morrow ho will begin operations at Camden, and will proceed as far as Albury, and later make a tonr along the Cooma line. Daring tho first week in November Mr. Trcseder will visit places along the northern line, commencing at West Maitland. Local Option and Compensation.— A large and enthusiastic meeting was held in the Centenary- hall, York-street, last even ing, under the presidency of tho Rev. F. B. Boyce, at which resolutions were passed opposing the insertion of a compensation clause in tho Local Option Bill now before Parliament. Addresses were delivered by tho Rev. Dr. Lucas, Rev. W. G. Taylor, Rev. Dr. Rutledge, Mr. T. Walker, M.P.J and others, all of whom urged strong opposi tion to any attempt to grant compensation to publicans. Letters of apology were read from Sir Henry Parkes and several other members of the Assembly for not attending, but expressing their concurrence with tho objects of the meeting. In referring to them the chairman said that if the writers carried out their promises in the House the people would be quite satisfied. Death of a Journalist.— We regret to record tho death of Mr. Alexander Britton, one of the oldest aud best of Australian journalists, who passed away at his resL dcncc, Woolloomooloo, yesterday, at the comparatively earlyage of 47 years. A few days ago Mr. Britton was seized with apoplexy, and despite the careful attention of Dra. Scott and Maffey he gradually sank being most of tho time unconscious. The deceased gentleman was the eldest son of Mr. Alexander Britton, who in the early days of the goldfields in Victoria was the proprie tor of a. newspaper in Castlcinainc. In this ollice the gentleman who expired yesterday aud his brother Ilenry — still a well-known Melbourne journalist — obtained a good mechanical and literary newspaper training. Afterwards the two young men removed to Melbourne and joined the Argtis staff. Alexander eventually became sub-editor, which important and onerous position he held for many years with great credit to himself and to the paper. About seven years ago he accepted a similar position on the Sydiwy Morning Herald, and subsequently was appointed one of the leader writers. Short ly after severing his connection with that journal lie was appointed by the late Government to succeed Mr. G. B. Barton as the. writer of the " Official History of New .South Wales," a work upon which he was engaged up to the time of being seized with his last illness. The news of Mr. Britton's death will boa surprise to most of even his many Sydney Irionds, as it was not generally known that he was ilL He was of a rather retiring disposition, but in journalistic circles in .Sydney and Melbourne, in which he was best known, he was greatly esteemed, not only as an excellent journalist, acquainted with every phase of newspaper work, but for Ins many personal qualities. Tho do. ceased gentleman has loft a widow and two children. His remains will bo interred to morrow. Extension of the Balmain Tramway. — A public meeting of the residents of BalmaLnj convened by tho Mayor (Alderman J. J Wheeler) was held in tho local School of Arts last evening to assist tho council in getting the tramway cxteudod to tho waters and wharf at tho end of Darling-street East. There was a good attendance and the Mayor presided. Captain Trouton moved and Mr. Black seconded, "That this meet ing cordially approves of tho action taken by the council for tho extension of tho cable tram to Darby-street Wharf." Tho motion was agreed to unanimously. Mr. Turlcy proposed and it was agreed to, " That Captain Fronson, Captain Banks, Cap tain Bloomfield, Rev. Dr. Coah, Messrs. Black, Thomas, Golduey , Hallidy, Toogood, Howard, Ilodie, and tho mover join with tho council to form a deputation to the Minister for W jrks to impress upon him tho urgent necessity of carrying out the work as speedily us possible." Return of an Alderman. — Alderman John Mocks, of the Glebe, returned ycator- cLiv hv t.Jiii Orizaba, from Mm t.rin lnr.lnrwl ttf tor mi absence of sever.l iuontli3. A party of ladies and gentlemen assembled at Princes Stairs at 9 a.m. , and were convoyed by steamer alongsido tho Orizaba, where a cordial wel come was extended to Alderman and Mrs. Mceks. Tho voyagers haviug boarded tho launch, tho party preceded to Ahbotsford Parramatta River, where an excellent re! past was provided and whore toasts were drunk. Dancing was indulged in, and tho party returned to Sydney, lauding at Blaek- i wattle Bay about 4.30, after which tho new arrivals wero escorted home by tho hand which had accompanied the party all day. Amongst those present wero Mr. and Mrs. W. Mocks, Alderman M'Muhon, Messrs. Diamond, C. Smith, J. A. Kermond, W. Eves, Spalding, Cusack, Hart, Brown and Roper. Nisw Political, Economy.— Preaching tho annual sermon of tho Congregational Union in tho Pitt-street church last cvoning, Rov. A. J. Griffith, in dwelling ou materialism as an obstacle to the progress of tho Chnrch, said that when tho new political economy — tho political economy according to Christ — came to ho written it would contain these t hree simple rules : — First, men are not to hunger for gain ; second, they are to bo content with moderate means ; third, they are to hold acquired wealth as a sacred trust to bo expended ou behalf of others. To tho practice of those simplo rales tho Holy Ghost was gradually leading the mom- bers of Christ's Church. The teaching would -be a long one, perhaps, hut by the last decado of tho next century, if not before, they would bo looked upon as tho most elementary axioms of Christianity, and Chris- tians of that day would wonder how believ ing people could ever have acted or thought otherwise. Rose Show. — The spring rose exhibition of the Horticultural Society of New Soutli Walos will he held ill the Town-hall on Thursday and Friday next, and will be open during the evenings of both days. Lady Charles Scott, in tho presence of his Excel lency the Admiral, will perform tho opening ceremony. Judging from tho number of entries and tho fact that the season has been extremely favorablo for roses and other flowers tho visitors to the show will probably have a great treat. There will he some mag nificcnt exhibits of pot plants, such as palms dracicnas, ferns and a multitude of various beautiful exotics, and also a grand display of hanging baskets, an im mense number of cut roses and other flowersi and some splendid non-compctitivo groups of plants. Thero are a large num ber of entries for table decoration, baskets, button-hole bouquets, breast sprays and other pretty things. During tho even ings the great organ will he played by Mr- W. T. Sharp to accompany various artists and instrumental music. St. Andrew's College.— The council of >3U Andrew s college iwunin mo university of Sydney) met on Wednesday. Present : Principal Kinross, D.D. (in the chair), RevB. Dr. Cameron, Dr. Cosh, Dr. Steel, Rov. George Grimm and Messrs. Andrew Brown, John Campbell, E. Bowman, J. H. Goodlet, Charles Smith and J. T. Walker. The council viewed the progress of tho work of building extensions, and expressed themselves well pleased with the character and progress made with the new buildings. The treasurer reported a furthor payment having been made to the contractor. The council authorised the prin cipal to select a number of duplicate works from the library and to send them to tho Cooerwull Academy for use by the stndent3 there. It was decided to hold a meeting for tho distribution of prizes, etc., about Novem ber 30 next, and to invite the " visitor" of tho college — tho moderator of the General Assembly— to deliver an address on the occa sion. The ordinary annual meeting of tho college was recommended to be held at a later date, at a time when it will not inter- fere with the studies of tho students. Jbor this session about the time of the completion of the new building was deemed to be a con venient date. Enfield Electric Lighting. — At the last meeting of tho Enfield ' Borough Council Messrs. Wood Brothers and Co. submitted their electric lighting plant to the council at £1500, the condition being that the council take it over on November L After discus sion it was decided to take a ballot in each ward on Saturday next upon the question. The Mayor was also authorised to circulate the electrical .engineer's report upon the con dition of the plant and its value. 