HAWAIIAN SUPERSTITIONS, j A VEEAtsDAH CHAT. BY BELLE OSBOUENE. "What a superstitious lot these Kanakas are I" says Joe, who is stretched out in the bamboo chair on the verandah, the moonlight throwing the shadow of the vines over his long figure clad in white linen ; " if they have the toothache, and it rains, why heaven weeps in sympathy; if the little Iceiki steals the raw fish of his grandmother, bang goes the thunder, and heaven is angry." " They never seem to think," says the navy officer, drowsily, from the hammock, " that if heaven wept with everyone who had the heartache, by Jove! this would be a pretty damp place to live in!" I am sitting on the verandah steps, idly watching the moonlight on the mango, surely tha most beautiful tree that grows, almost too perfect in shape, shadowy, with shining leaves. " Yes," I say, reflectively-bang ! falls a mango on the roof-" they are full of a thousand little superstitious tricks and mysteries ; don't you know how they pound little sticks into the ground before their enemies houses ?" " What's that for ?" from the ham mock. " It brings death to any one who steps on them. Oh, they profess religion, and sing, and pray sincerely enough; but as sure as anything is the matter with them, they get frightened and send for their kahunas " A nd what might a Jcahuna be ?" '* Oh, those kahunas!" Joe gives an impatient kick ; *' they make me tired ! They do the awfulest things ! They are a sort of doctor and priest combined, and everything they sav is all right. Kid falls into the fire and gets burnt. iLaJiuna comes, eats a piece of roasted black pig-" "It is always a black pig," I inter rupt. " And then they go to sleep and pretend to dream." " Who's teliing this story ?"-a man ' always thinks he can tell a story better than his wife'-" When he finishes his mummery with the black pig, or chicken, or cat, he heats a board red hot and applies it to the burn. How on eferth they explain matters when the kid dies" I don't I know." i " The strangest thing to me," I j remark, in a meek, snubbed way, " is the anaana; " I've heard of that," said he of the ! brass buttons, lighting a cigarette, and ; giving a momentary Rembrandt effect i of broad white forehead and straight nose, and then fading back into shadow; " but do you really believe it?" "Believe it! Why the kahunas have in their power every Kanaka in the kingdom. If they suspect the priest going to anaana them, or prav them to death, they lie right down and die, and not all the king's horses, or all the king's men, to say nothing of j the white doctors, can save them." . ''Well, you know," from Joe, "Doc- 1 lor Thompson says that he is absolutely powerless to save a man who is beiug prayed to death. He says he has tried to argue with them that their disease i6 not fatal and they cannot die, but they prove their side of' the argument by giving up the ghost." " L remember when our ship was at Hilo," said the navy offieer, " we heard of a native politician who got awfully angry at three men for not voting his ticket. He paid a Jcahuna a lot of money to anaana them. The three j men defied him for a time, and swag- j gered about, pretending not to care, but they gave light up tn the first ailment they had ; one died of a cold, another succumbed to the mumps, and the third one simply kicked the bucket because he realised that it was his fate." "They predicted when Like-Like was going to die," I chip in. "You never saw her did you ? She was younjj, bright, gay, aud the best look ing of the royal tamily. She dressed fashionably, was a beautiful waltzer, aud spoke English fluently. She seemed to be above superstition, and \'et she died wheu they said she would." " And when was that?" " When the lava flow stopped. It would uot have been so strange had she Known of the event, but she died, and it was after her death that the steamer came in from Hawaii with the news that the lava flow bad stopped i the very hour when our princess had breathed her last." " I wonder," says Joe, " If the lava flow ever yet caught Pele's pig?" *1 know,' says the navy officer, _ that Pele is the Ooddess of Fire aud lives in the volcano. I know that she used to exact human sacrifices, and tbat even now, natives will go to the volcano and drop money, poi, and even dogs into the boiling lava-but I never knew she owned such au unroinantic thing as a pig." " Oh, she doesn't own him, " I say, " he is the pest- of her life I She hates him. The natives say he lives in the district of Kona, and. that while Pele is asleep, or, in other words, when the volcano is inactive, he comes out of his lair and roams over the premises. They say she gets bopping mad, and flares up, and bubbles, and finally chases him with streams of red-hot lava, and ! t hat accounts for all the flows down the 1 Kona side of the mountain." " Then how do they account Tor the ; great flow of 1S68 that came so near ?! destroying Hilo ?" " Oh, that was such a blow to the missionaries 1" I say with a malicious chuckle. "They try so hard to combat the native superstitions. There was a big eruption, and a big flow rolled down the mountain side toward the pretty little town of HUo. I used to think that lava rushed down, and people bad to run to get out of the way but it is like a huge mass of molasses, rolling and curling, and send ing out long, snaky tongues. It cools rapidly on top, like a crust, but keeps breaking through at the edge, and bubbling. It was eight months crawl ing towards Hilo, until one more day's flow would have destroyed the town." Joe laughed. " Xiord! how the people were getting out of Hilo! Especially the Portuguese, who were leaving in shoals. The missionaries prayed every day by the flow, and prayers were offered up in all the churcLes. It did seem as though, after all these months, on a downward slope, nothing 011 earth could save the town." They appealed to Princess Euth," I continue, " She was the last descen dent of the great Kamehamehas, you know, and the natives believed in her, so when, they grew frightened they eent for her, and she huge princess:-" .' Bear little thing !" laughs Joe, " She only weighed foul* hundred and eighty pounds!" " Well, they carried her in a litter to the place, and she stood in front of the lava, and threw in some sacri fices-" '' A black dog, some money, a bottle of gin, and a silk dress," said Joe. ".And appealed to the Goddess Pele, begging her to save the town, and reminding her of her promise never to harm Hilo. Then she said calmly to her servants, * It will stop.'" "Do you know what she said?" cried Joe, enthusiastically; " she went into a cottage in the very teeth of the flow, and slept. There's faith for you. And it stopped! The great twisting, moving, hideous mass of fire rolled back on itself and stopped! And there you can see to this day the black hardened lava only a few yards from the outskirts of Hilo." "No wonder they are superstitious,'' says the navy officer. "A few such coincidences would affect anybody. I wonder, though, if the missionaries would have called it superstition if the flow had stopped in answer to their prayers ?" " Don't you remember when Prince Lunalile was buried ? says Joe ; "that was enough to make anybody super stitious." " What was that ?" the navy officer sits up, balancing in the hammock so that the moonlight glitters on his blonde head. " Tell us all about it." " Ting-a-ling-ting-a-ling ?" "It's only the telephone," I say, as I go to the instrument " Lieutenant JB. wanted on board the Adams." ? " Oh, pshaw !" from the hammock. " That telephone is very convenient, but it is a nuisance sometimes. I say, ; please ring up one-forty-eight for a j carriage, will you ? and tell us about Prince Lunalilo while it is coming." " Well, I say, curling up uncomfor tably on the corner of the steps, " he was an immense favorite you know," " Yes, I know-jolly fellow-heard a lot of good stories about him," " When he died, he was buried with great pomp, but for some reason or other his style of burial was after wards changed, and when his body was removed the natives asked the government for another salute of twenty-four guns, to which the answer came that they had already buried him with all the honors, and didn't propose to waste any more powder. The natives were hurt and indignant, and though a great storm came up, thou sands followed his body to its last resting place. As the cortege passed into the gates of the cemetery, the thunder burst forth, and everybody declares that twenty-four distinct claps were counted. " Oh, take off one clap," says the lieutenant, flippantly, as he looks for his hat. ' Well, I declare! is that rain; After this moonlight, who would have thought it! Well, good-bye. Aloha nui, as the natives say." " Grood-bye. So sorry to have you go. You see "' Heaven weeps in svnipatl y.'" 