'SMILER' OS HIS TRAVELS. Our Speci«al at Work. HE INTERVIEWS MEN OF ALL COLORS. ? \ 'White, Blftcfc, and Red. ______ \ FIGHTING AND FIGHTERS. — \ Ills Arrival in England— in Interesting Budget of Newsy Notes. \ Liverpool, May:8, 1892. \ Since my last letter to the Referee I have wandered round considerably, and expect to ' be in London to-morrow, whon I shall at once visit both Slavin and Jackson in their train ing quarters, and hope to secure portraits of both mon at their work, which I will forward to the EEFcnKK, with a, full aocount of tho' condition of tho now world -famous gladiators. THE JA0K3ON-SLA.VIN FIGHT. At the present time betting is slightly in favor of Peter, who ha3 revived the confidence of his many admirers by the consistent fashion in which ho has been attending to business over since this match was arranged. Slavin, on the other hand, has lost ground through his reckless habits and ovor-conndenco. Paddy did some real hard drinking while in America, and managed to make himself unpopular, partly on his own account and partly on account of Charley Mitchell. Talking of that gentloman reminds me that during my short stay in many of tho principal cities of America I was struck with the absoluto hatred Americans bavo of this man Mitchell. Moro than once I have met men who told me that they have stood iu a bar-room waiting for Mitchell to make a bad break, so that they could find an excuse to send a junk of lead into him. Ho is fairly loathed by people in the States. Yet all the people whoso opinion is worth a cent aver that ho is one of the very 'greatest fighters that over existed. It galls them to give him praise, but they have to do it. Should ho ever again go to America, I think he will run a big chanco of being killed. I liopo shortly to see this man, and will tell tho BeJ'ERKE readers what I think of him. Jim Hall says he is a wonder, and would knock the soul outof Joe Goridard in a few rounds. But let me get back a bit. JACK DKHPSEY. I left 'Frisco shortly after my last letter to you, and journeyed to Portland to see Jack Dempsey, the one-time wonder of the pugilistic ring. Dempsey is now manager of the Pastiino Club in Portland, the capital city of Oregon County, where ho is well liked. Dompsey struck me as being a wonder fully well-informed man, of gentlemanly address, and nice polished manner. He is about as big as Dawson. I put him on the scales myself, and ho weighed 1411b. Ho sparred with a pupil to allow mo to seo him at work. He must have been u woudor in his day to whip such mon as Billy M'Carty and the others whom he has downed, but it is no credit to a big fellow liko Fitzsimmona to punch him out. Hall would have done that trick just as surely, and I think a trifto more rapidly. As a matter of fact, Dempsey is not nearly as Big as Monoy, nor as largo in uuua as Tom Williams, our champion 1101b man. AMONG THE BED MEN. ?Whilst at Portland the nows came through that there was to bo trouble with tho Indians near Fort Ouster, tho Bcone of the terrible massacre of tho American troops a few years back, and as I wished to see a field fightoutsido tho magic circle I at onco pushed on to tho Ba'd Land3 ; tho fight did not como off, though I saw plenty of rod devils in warpaint. Tho troops do not give them many chances now, but hem them in at the first sigu of trouble. The red warriors danced tho ghost dance and did a lot of bragging, but as they did not seem at all inclined to come to blows I pushed on, not, however, until I had gathered many tales of savage life for the BmD o' Freedom from tho scouts, nnd from moinbors of the troops, and from the hunters who abound iu that rosfion. Thoy had some sport at Helena as I was passing through — shooting, not box ing; I did notsoe it, but a corpse was brought in with seven bullets in tho body. I was tpld that it had been raro fun— except for the defunct. AT CHICAGO I had a look at Battery D., Parson Davies' stronghold. It is a good place in which to hold a sparring exhibition, but . nothing +** mnTrfl ,i. mnii p.vn.v.v nlinnfc. .Tim -TTnll is very strong in Chicago. Ho can get backing there for pretty nigh any part of 50,000dol. to fight any man on earth up to lGHb. Hall has managed to make himself popular by his uniform good conduct. Pi tzsinimons has some ?friends in Chicago also, but not many. Ho puts on so many airs now that folks only laugh at him. His bluff at Sullivan has made him the laughing Block of America. He is now known as JIMMY CARROLL'S MEAL TICKET, and all America, will rejoice to see him whipped ; but there is no American at tho weight whom I have yet seen who has a ghost of a chance of accomplishing that difficult task. Leaving Chicago I made my way to Boston, passing tho .Niagara Falls on my way. The as they are not nearly so imposing as tho descriptions written of them lead ono to sup pose. At Minneapolis tho erratic Spider Weir was to fight a fellow unknown to fame, named Tommy White. 1 did not stop over to seo this mill, and was glad that I did not do so, as it turned out to be a hit of a fizzle. At Boston the sporting Pressmen are of the whitest description possible, and though they know a good deal about Australian sporting matters, through reading the Referee, still they were eager for information upon all sorts of topics relating to tho land of the Kangaroo. Our old friend, Captain Cook, 'Tho Crank on Fighters,' whoso articles have- been so very extensively copied into tho Referee, made my stay delightful. Ho is now the proprietor of tho Pomce Neivs, and helps to keep sporta clean iu his part of tho world. GEORGE GODFREY. George Godfrey, the well-known colored pugilist, who was Potor Jackson's first victim in America, is running a boxing saloon iu Boston. Ho and his brother Dave, a nice, smart lad of about 1581b, keep tho pupils ears warm all tho time. Godfrey is a very popular man in Boston city, where ho is respected on account of his intogrity nnd courtesy to all classes of people. Godfrey has, in fact, justj tho same sort of charaotor in Boston ns Jaokson has in about him during tho whole of my stay in that city, and Boston is the moat fasti dious city iu all the American Continent. nAUVARD COLLEGE. In an articlo like this present one it would be nbsnrd for me to attempt to describe Harvard College, tho homo and cradle of American loarning. I had a quiet glimpse at this glorious place, which shelters best part of a couplo of thousand students, Mr. Dan Siumders, the athletic editor of the Boston Globe, acting as my guide. Fine running tracks are laid down in tho grounds, besides good bicycle tracks, cricket grounds, foot ball grounds, tennis courts, aud baseball grounds. A splendidly appointed gymnasium is opon day and night for the useof students, and every upplianco that a boxer, wrestlor, runner, or sculler may need in his training can be found there. Quite a number of instructors of all sorts abound in and near Harvard. It is a place of which the American people may well feel proud. ' QEOKQE ll'KEXZIE. . M'Kenzio had 'arrivod in America. I arranged with Prenidont Fulda, of tho California Club ?to give M'Konzio a light for a purse of .£250 as' soon as he landed. When writing to M'ICcuzio I told' him to 'cable .the' fact' of his do parturo from Sydney, so -that a man' might be pioked . to -. meofc 'hini. . He i did not do as requested/ and I' therefore came to the conclusion, that' he; was not going to come to Ainorica by theAlameda. Ho has nothing but his own carelessnoss to thank for not being matched bofoi-o his arrival. At Boston, a man namod Flazer, a 1301b man, wanted to meet M'Konsio, and spoke to Captain Cook about him. jTho Cap' wired to Prosidont Fulda, stating that Frazor was will ing to moot the Sydney. man, butnoaimwor had boon received up to\tho timo of my departure from Boston. I AMONGST TIIE SCULLERS. I opened up negotiations with several very prominent sculling )men regarding Staubury, aud beforo yoli get this I may sond a cable stating that I have Beoured good purses for (Jim, and also his expenses, as I have been trying to arrange three matohes for good puisos; one with u uonnor, one with Uaudaur* and one with leomor. If it comes off Stanbury will make 15,000dol, besides his expenses b- this country and homo again. Aftor a most ploasant timo in Boston I loft for Now Yorki city, having passed through California, Oregon, Washing tod, Idahoe, Montana, North Dacota, Minno sota, Wisconsin, Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, a corner of Canada, and New York States. JIM HALL. \ . At New York city I mot Jim Hall. Ho has grown a lot, and is now a big fellow, but his head is the same size as of old. Ho is a modest follow, nnd quite a quiet fellow. Ho has a great ugly scar, commencing under tho lobe of his left ear and ending at the point of his chin. How Parson Davies failed to kill' him is a mystery; why half his head must havo beeu nearly off on that occasion. Hall is very popular. Ho does not woar a plug hat, nor gloves, nordiamonds, but goes round as quiotly as his most ardent admirer could wish. He has improved in his boxing since ho left Sydney. He crawled all over Choynski at Nibloa Gardens, and one night When the mon got very hot in their work, Hall fairly dazed the Californian. Hall Itt TldW mnnil A\\\n wofoT omGDimr iwnr +f\ nut the finishing touches on Jackson, whom he will second in tho coming fight with. Slavin. PARSON DAVIES. Parson Davies is a very nice, affable, gentle manly man, whom it is a pleasure to meet. He dresses like a preacher, and usually has a pensive, half-pleased smile, like that of a Methodist parson looking for a bridal fee. No one would ever guoas that Tie lived by managing pugs. GEORGE DIXON. Mr. Thomas O'Eourke wirod me from Phila delphia that ho and Dixou would like to meet the Eefeuee representative before I tailed from America. I met the pair at the Metro politan on Broadway, and found them a nice pair to speak to. I saw Dixon ' go' at Miner's Theatre ; the little fellow is a wonder, ?mil will give Murphy u terrible hard fight. He has arms as big and as long as those of Jim Hall. He and Griffo would make a groat battle — Griffo would win ; but he would have tho fight of bis life, for this littlo chap is as quick as a flash. Ho ducks beautifully, has great feet, and can fight both in an out. Al Smith, ono of America's best judges, told ino that ho had seen this lad tried olean out, and that lie has not a yellow streak iu all his com shortly, and unless tho Briton i* a real oliuUer, he will have a had tium. I have not chances with the colored wonder. Should the latter fall, the Americans will drop a lot of money, for the New Yorkers bet heavily on their pets. THE CONEY ISLAND CLUB. This fine institution is now waking up, and means to make a big hid to prevent all the big fights coming off in New Orleans or Lon don. I received a commission to match ' Shadow' Maber against either Dick Burgo or Jim Carney for a purso of 3000dol. ? I told them just what manner of man Maber was, and they at once jumped at a chance to matoh him with the pick of England in the flight weight division, so that the ' Shadow' Till at last have a chanco to win the world's chnuipion ship. Ho wrote me stating his willingnoas to meet any man living at the world's champion aliip limit, viz., 1331b, give or takotwb pounds. He stated that he would prefer Dawson il ho would como to weight. Should I bo able to tempt either Carney or Burge to accept the club's offer I will afc once let you know', io that you can tell how things are fixed. I have also in my pocket a commission for a matcU between Tom Williams, tho champion 140, pound man or Australia, ana tne best man in America, for a purso of SOOOdol. Should Williams consent to go I will go with him and look after his interests on that sido of tho wator. Williams can, if properly handled, make quite a pot of money. The next com. that I have is for TED PRITCHAED AND JIM HALL. Tho purso offered is 12,000dol, and 500dol oxpenses for Pritchard. Hall is very willing, and it only remains for tho Englishmen to say ' yes ' to tho fair proposals. I shall see him in a couple of days, and if he is a sensible fellow ho will jump at the chanco to make such a pot of money. I shall see his fight with O'Bcien, and . will send tho IvEferee a full account of it. also some pictures of the man at his work, showing his style. TIIE ENGLISH DERBY. I shall havo a look at tho Derby, and as I am doing that for Borne of tho American papers, I will send you a brief account. A MONSTBB INTERNATIONAL EAOE the Chicago World's Fair Committee have do ' cided to offer a phenomenal sum for a stake, for a purely International horserace. England, France, Germany, and Austria are said to bo represented, and I bavo been askod upon all sides if it is probable that Aus tralia will- sond a champion. I havo told them of tho mighty Marvel, but no ono will believe his record, nor Carbino's either. Should Australia send a great raco horso (not a Narrellan nor a Kirkham) and happen to pull off the Chicago affair, it will open American eyes to Australian horses, and open a market for our blood stock as well. Therefore, I trust that such a horso as Marvel may go to that great pork-packing centre aud uphold the credit of the Australian turf. 