OUR LONDON BUDGET. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Lord Carriiigton let out the secret the other (lay, as -to how. he won. the hearts of the Australians. J ust before he entered on his Governship he heard accidentally that his new subjects, had a .profound horror of long speeches, and had even complained openly of the loquacioy ui souie oi wiku vruvciuuio. The first time his lordship had to speak in public he turned his information to good account. By dint of a careful process of condensing, lie reduced the subject-matter of his speech to some half-dozen short, pithy sentences. Hav ing delivered these he sat down. For a moment there was a puzzled look on the faces of his audience. Could that, indeed, be the whole speech 1 Then a gentle smile of infinite content went, round, and one of the guests was heard to exclaim, " Thank the Lord ! he can't speak," From that day Lord Carring- o.u was the most popular man in the colony. Concerniug Henry Stanley's attempt to.hecomo a member of Parliament, we hnve a few wurds to say. Here is a New' York newspaper reporter, con cerning whose birth and origin the most conflicting statements are rife, who I ha i been taken up and made: a great deal of because he consented in return for a very large' sum of money to .'ravel in an unknown country and bring back news about it. Africa is a dangerous and unhealthy part, and so Stanley was chosen, because, beng nobody and having no - relative, it was thought probable that He would be more likely to consent to risk losing bis life out there than with friends and family. There was no more heroism about the matter than there is in the coudnct.of a nurse at a fever hospital. News about a cortain part of Africa was needed, and a man wa3 ' hired and., sent oat there to obtain it. Now, what he originally was, or where,: or when, or '..how he was born, or what his real name-is, it matters not a jot. . What we, do know is j that while he was making his fortune by transform ing the Africans and his experiences thereof into copy," he was an Ameri can Citizen,; mid that Lord Derby re gretted that snch \vas_thc case, as it pre vented ns in England from hauling Master Henry over the .coals anent cer tain alleged acts of barbarity. Lady Politicians . have met with scant favor at the hands of the mob this general election, Ho amount of good looks or winning ways have suf ficed to : win for them ; even decently civil treatment. From. >11 parts of the country comes the same" story ; electors have gone out of their; way to show their disapproval pf ladies being brought into the arena. AIrs:Richard Chamber lain, Airs Cornwallis West and Airs Stanley, to take only three examples from many, did their best to carry ther husbands into Parliament on their shoulders, and found the process mighty unpleasant. The three we have named were, greeted whenever tliey ap peared, with laughter, cheers and un mitigated chaff. The . electors of the rougher sort expressed open admiration for their charms, bub resolutely de clined to give them . their vote. Mrs Cornwallis West's fate was worse. She was treated with almost personal violence, one infuriated voter most ungallantly shaking his fist in her face. In no single case,-nota bene, can it be claiiried that ladies have won a seat for their party, and in two — probably in many more — they have gone a long way toward losing them. In Englnnd the death of the Queen's Consort, with Her Majesty's immediate retirement from Society is the point at which all that is good of life is said by certain critics to have ceased from being, and nil . that ; is bad to- have taken its place. Now . let me frankly confess at the beginning .tliat- I' am an avowed lovor of London Society ns it is at pre sent. Of what" >t was in the past, before the Prince Cons.ort's' death, I cannot speak from experience, for the excell nt reason that I. was not born; but the pages of history are open to me, and reading the records of London Society from only so far" as the reigri of Charles II , I know I am justified in my conten tion that social Hfe is far -higher, far more intellectual, far more virtuous, than it .has been been for many genera tions. The reigning Sovereign is purity itself, and is surrounded by courtiers, masculine , and feminine, of the highest moral standing. . The Ro'al Princesses nr6 worthy daughters of their, illustrious mother. Eulogy can go no further. I recollect a candidate for Parlia ment who belonged to the Hebrew persuasion. He .had consented , to lay the foundation- stone of a chapel -in one of, the. home countries, and even gave out without flinching the hymn, " Christ- Js_ . our Corner-Stone." But when he was. "invited to do iustice to the cold collation which followed-Jhe service, and /found that . pork pie -and cold sausages were the principal fea tures of the repast, he made an excuse for leaving the, room, and fled — to a a public-house, where he could obtain something to eat. There is usually, no / difficulty in recognising a case of cholera. The purging, vomiting, anxious counte nance, cramps, - and the quick advent of the collapse, indicate only too surely the mature of the complaint. The only other disease with which it is at all likely to be confounded is choleraic diarrhoea, or, as it is sometimes called, " cholerine." .Should there be any doubt as to whether it is true cholera or choleraic diarrhoea, act on the sup position that, it is the more serious' disease. Give, four-drop doses of essence of campliot; every 10 minutes for an hour, or,. until there is some improve ment, or hourly after wards. It is best given -in. ;a teaspoonful of milk. :. The great thing with this remedy is to give it early, to give it frequently,, and to. give it in sulRoien tly large doses. It checks the "vomiting arid diarrhma almost - immediately, wards off the cramp, - and restores ; warmth to ' the extremities. If : 'you- : have ' not the essence ; of ' camphor, use camphor pilules.'.. ' , All, , tlie Johnnies, to say nothing of the : .grey. : and -.toothless old mashers, .jjxji uc iiucaing ro wie Aiiiamora to see : the -latest- sensation. ; - I mean, of .ccmrse; -the new .serpentine"' dancer, Jennie Joyce., Although the per formance is not what he. are given to. look upon as dancing, except in the Oriental sense, yet it is wonderfully effective. "With what looks like a very old fashioned dress of soft pink ritate- rial — the waist up to the armpits— Miss Joyce walks on to the stage, and after singing a stupid song suddenly becomes the centre of a mass of wildly whirling drapery, the dress being com posed; of endless yards of soft material dependent from a band under the arms. The drapery is worked chiefly by means of the swaying of the ..body and continual use of the arms. The young lady, who possesses a magnificent form, is clad in pink fleshings, and the effect of this figure with its sensusous movements Standing out in bold— yes, very bold- relief on the dark background, with the limelight full on it, is singularly fascinating. 3 Dr Hamilton writes : " There can be no doubt whatever as to the great benefit of the habit of deep breathing —full inspiration, deep expiration, fell inspiration in ordinary life. Children ought to be regularly trained; under present circurris'tances, at ten years of age they have lost nearly nine inches of chest girth.- I should like to see true physical development a necessary part of the' education of children, and I have always -/advised 'singing when the lungs have been developed to a certain degree. The 'great curse of this country- is consumption, and chil dren suffer lieavily through it. To develop the lungs thoroughly and maintain that development is the only means of preventing consumption." Mediums arid Mahatmas are just now (according to the " Telegraph") " corisiderably excited, over a mishap which has befallen one.of their order, that threatens to bring discredit upon their calling as well as diminish their profits. At a recent spiritualistic seance si medium produced the ghosts of of several notabilities' of the past-, among them Voltaire, who discoursed On modern art and literature in fluent if not grammatical English, marked here and there with the disnl:u-p. raent of an " h," a habit he "must have picked up since his decease. As he seemed familiar with the works of artists who lived long after he ceased to reside above ground, it was evident that the ghost possessed' an acquain tance with the contents of the art reviews. One of the audience said he had rather an important question to ask, but he did not care to put R unless lie was sure of an answer. Voltaire replied that he would state with pleasure anything he knew. The questioner then asked, iri French. « Will -I.... -It L. 1 «>«. juu Ltsji mts iiu>> many two and two make V No answer was given ; . Voltaire, it appeared, did not understand French. The seance broke up in confusion. The medium ought to have known his business better, be cause exactly the same trick was once played upon a Parisian spiritualist, who, while personating Alohammed, was forced to confess that he did not understand Arabic. Alediums and Mahatmas ought to be aware that in these days knowledge is advancing, and should be correspondingly cautious if they wish to retain their clients. 