MISSION AT, ST. STEPHEN'S. f" she nfB.Ion.CO?ducLod by the Redemptorist fathers during last week was attended by a" large congregations. The services will be 157 amused this week and will close next Burra Yesterday (Pentecost Sunday) solemn A mass was celebrated at 11 o'clock. Archbishop Dunne presided. The celebrant of the 3 was Father Howell (Redemptorist), pShS Belton being O.S.A. deacon and Father Darcy being sub-deacon. The Rev. D. Fouhy fBi ministration) was master of ceremonies. After the first Gospel the Rev. Father Hegarty preached a very impressive discourse on the text "And I will ask the Father, and he shall RO you another Paraclete, that he may abide with you for ever" (John xiv. 10). The rev father proceeded to explain the great joy two took hold of the Church to-day in selecting Pentecost Sunday All the oAt when the Church brought before us were commemorative of some fact long since passed, but to-day we celebrated the glorious festival which Christ long ago promised to His Church Two questions he would answer. The first was, Who was the Holy Ghost? The second, What is the work he performs? The preacher explained the doctrine of the Catholic Church in connection with the mystery of the adorable Trinity, which in its profundity and inexplicable ess far surpassed the efforts of the greatest of human intellects The Holy Spirit is the love and bond of union of the Father and the Son. To Him pertains the society of which we are made one. A man's body consists of many members, and one soul animates them all, causing the eye to see and the ear to hear. So likewise the Holy Ghost contains and animates the members of the body of Christ, which is the Church. The human soul will not suffer if any member of the body cease to exercise its functions a hand or an eye may be destroyed, but the soul remains. So also in the Church individual members may cease to live the life which the Spirit of God dwelling, yet the whole body of the Church could not lose by virtue of the promise which the author of all truth had given the indwelling power of the Holy Ghost, as manifested in His Church. Christ manifested himself to man by assuming a body and soul like unto those of man, and the Church manifested the presence of the Holy Ghost, which breaths, fills, inhabits, and glorifies her. The Holy Spirit comforts us in our afflictions, and incites us to perform heroic deeds of virtue. He teaches us all truth, as the Son of God explains, " When He the spirit of truth is come, He shall teach you all truth." . It was that unity of truth that pervaded the whole Catholic Church throughout the earth, and impelled her to preach it to every human creature. The rich and the poor, the learned and the ignorant, the king and the beggar, knelt before the same altar, animated by the same unity of doctrine. Rationalists had endeavoured to find some cause for this stupendous effect, which has been witnessed for centuries in the Catholic Church. Some think it is her policy, some her system of government, some the spirit of the priesthood. The Catholic Church has no other equal in the world ; she stands unique amongst the institutions of the world, and is therefore divine. She is the greatest intellectual phenomenon, the greatest moral phenomenon, and the greatest and most inexplicable social phenomenon, that over existed in the world. She alone rules the greatest minds by absolute certainty, and regulates souls by the highest virtues, as well as blesses the human race by the now elements it has given to civilisation. She has formed a hierarchy,' spiritual and unarmed, a body wherein conviction, holiness, unity,' universality, stability, and life from a tissue of super- human and incontestable beauty. She has formed out of men and women congregations who carry her benefits throughout the earth to gladden the nations of mankind. Her Sisters of Mercy and Charity teach the young and comfort the dying. Her Sisters of the Poor tend the lonely and forgotten in their old age, and wipe their pallid brow. Her priests are in every land, preaching that Christ died upon the cross to save men, and that they can enjoy eternal life if they will but love Him. Father Damien buried himself amongst the lepers of Molokai, and the Church is daily and hourly sending her priests into the haunts of pestilence to save some wayward soul for heaven. Now what was, he asked, the cause of so many separating themselves from dearest ties and giving themselves up to a life which the carnal man, who gapes after worldly riches and vain deanes, rejects and holds in abhorrence? It was the inward dwelling of the Holy" Ghost that enables the members of the Church to perform deeds of the greatest heroism. Let us all love the Church and obey her precepts. Let our lives be such as not to be a scandal to the Christian name. He warned his hearers of the responsibility they had in exemplifying in themselves the spirit of the Catholic Church. Let them therefore avail themselves of the mission and the channels of grace by which God wished they should return to His loving arms once more. At the evening service the cathedral was packed, and many hundreds could not obtain admission. Father Howell delivered a powerful sermon on the evils of intemperance. He took for his text 1st Corinthians, vi., 9. He drew an appalling picture of the ruin of the soul, as well as the body, and gave some fearful examples of the effects of drink, and appealed to his hearers to make amends for the past, " and make war against a vice that was ruining innumerable souls." The mass chosen by Mrs. Farrywas Haydn 3 in 0 No. 2, and although high mass is very severe on a choir the music was rendered in a manner worthy of the reputation of St. Stephens. The attendance of singers was augmented by Messrs. Neilson, Beetham and Leslie, of the Opera Company. In the "In carnatus,'' from Haydn's No. 1, Mrs. Guilfoyle took the alto solo, with Mesdames M'Nooly and Parry as first and second sopranos. Probably the most perfect rendi- tion of Rossini's " Cujus Animam" over heard in the Cathedral was given by Mr. W.îv ellson. Before the evening service Mr. 0. Beetham sang "Star of Bethlehem" in perfect time and tune. Mrs. Neilson gave Gounod s ' Ave Maria" in an artistic manner after the sermon, and Messrs. Behan and Briggs sangCurtonis "Tantum Ergo." At the forenoon mass at St. Joseph's Church, Woolloongabba, yesterday, the choir were assisted by Messrs;- Longmire, Sheppard, and Stephenson, of the Opera Company. Farmers mass was performed, the soprano solos being taken by Mrs. Wheeler. At the offertory Mrs. Pole sang the "Ecce Deus" (solo by Clifton). Weber's " Benedictus" was rendered by Messrs. Wheeler and Pole, Messrs. Sheppard and Stephenson. Mrs. Kelly presided at the organ. 