" BEAUTIFUL JIM"" I . < " *' l OF THE BLANSKHIRE-REGIMENT, BY . JOHN" STRANGE WINTER, The Author of ''Booties' Baby," " Jloup-Ia "Army Society," "Regimental Legends," "Ojivulry Life," "Mignou's Husband," | &c;> Commenced in pur Issue of 6th Feb., 1892 CHAPTER XXII.-{Continued.) ''Oh, yes," answered the doctor quietly. "I went up the stairs w3!>h Captain Owen ; Mr. Beresford was immediately behind us, I said,' Well, I'm off to bed ; good night all of you.' Whereupon Captain Owen returned « Oh ! don't go to. bed yet, come in and smoke a pipe with us.' Mr. Beresford sup plemented the invitation by taking hold of my arm. ' Yes, come in for half an hour, there's & good chap,' he said." , " But you did not go?" " 1 did not. I told them that I was dead tired ; that I had been up g''oa,'CL' Pai'fc of two nights with a bad case in hospital, and wanted to get to bed while I had tlie chance," Dr. Foster answered._ " So I bade them good night and went into my own room." , "And that was the last time you saw Captain Owen ?" " Alive," replied the Doctor. " Aud you heard no quarrelling or any dispute between them ?" " Not a word." " Could any such quarrel have taken place in Lieutenant Beresford's room without your knowledge ?" " I think not." _ , v " But, being vory tired, did you not fall asleep immediately. Did you , go to bed at once ?" / "T did;.'bat not to sleep.. In fact, I heard Captain Owen go to hiB own room." " How long after was that ?" "I should say about half au hour." "And they were apparently on good terms then ?" " Well, I' heard them laughing several times. In fact, it was their laughter which kept me'awake. And then I heard the door open and Captain Owon nay, ' Well, I daresay you're right.. Good night, old ohap.' " . " .? " Did Lieutenant Berosfard make any reply" v. " Yes; he said ' Good night old man. ' " " You heard Captain Owen go to his own room?" " I did, and. close the door behind him." "Did you. hear Lieutenant Beresford moving about -his room after that ?"' "Yes. Well,'! heard him; to the best o my belief, get into bed." . " How could you hear that?" _ " Beoause I heard him moving about the room precisely as I had heard him move every night for weeks past-once or twice across the floor, then one boot dropped, off after the other, and then I heard his cot creak.'1 ' " Through the wall ?" The Doctor smiled. , " The walls are not particularly thick, and there is, I believe, only a lath and plaster partition betwoen his room and mine, and as our cots stand in the same position,- with only the partition between, I can hear it creak very distinctly." " You can hear voices plainly through the partition ?" " I have often called out to Mr. Beresford from my room, and received iin answer ." And what more, did ,you hear .nfter you believed Lieutenant Beresford lmd got into bed ?" " Nothing." .' How was that ?" " I suppose because I went to sleep ; at all events I heard nothing more until I was called in the morning to Captain Owen's ' room and found him dead." Then followed some medical evidence, and the examination of,the Doctor was at an end. Mr. Earle was called-next and sworn. He had very little to say. He deposed that he , ocoupied the room on the other side of Mr. ' Beresford to that occupied by Dr. Foster. Yes, it was on the same side of the block, and overlooked the barrack-yard. He could not say whether Captain Owen and Mr. Beresford were on'good terms at the time or not; aB he had been at Blankhampton and only reached Walmsbury late in the evening He had been present in the ante-room about half an hour .before they all retired for the night. Was rather tired and had not especially notioedeither officer. ' M_thiBpoint Dr.,,Foster was re-called. " Did yo hear any; dispute betweon Oiip^" tain Owen and Lieutenant Beresford immediately hrefore ,dinner ?"; j " Not a dispute, I heard them talking." " Were they, talking loudly ?J' "Captain Owen was speaking rather loudly; but as I heard MivJBesesford laugh, more than,once, it did not occur to me that they were quarrelling," ' . , ? - "Thank you, that will do," and the' Dootor stood down again. ? Then young Manners was put up, but lie had less, even to say than any of the others. Apparently he had noticed nothing and suspeoted nothing, and: lie had got into bed . as soon as lie went to his room,,and';he,had gone to sleep immediately. i 1 Yes, he had^noticed while in the: ante-" room after dinner, that Captain Owen and Mr. Beresford kept pretty close together, and that they were laughing a good deal at some joke between them. Yes, he saw them go upstairs aB Dr. Foster had described, and he saw Captain Owen go in Mr. Beres ford's room.' He had never heard of Mr. Beresford having a quarrel tvith anyone in the rogiment-lie was a;great favourite. He (the witnoss) had'not been quite a year in the service. There was a moment's pauso in the pro ceeding's, and then the namo of Lieutenaut Beresford was called, and Jim stood up. "You are a Lieutenant in the Blank shire Regiment ?" . " I am." '' What length ofjservice have you ?" " Eight years." * i " The deceased was in the regiment when you joinedjt ? , ' " Yes; He was." '. You and be became friendly very soon ?" " Yes ; bo was my best frieud." "Yon were on friendly terms with all your brother officers P" " Yes;. and I have aiways been so." "You have never ban any quarrel or misunderstanding with a brother officer ?" " Never." " When the deceased came into your quarters before dinner, did any dispute arise between you ?" "No." ".He wa,s very angry about something ?" " He was annoyed." emphasizing the last word. " With you ?" "Oh! no. He was never either angry or annoyed with me in all bis life." " What was lie annoyed about ?" "I am not at liberty to say." ' ' " You must answer the question. "I cannot. It was an official annoyance, about a. person not in Walmsbury or very near Walmsbury at tho timo, and who could not possibly have been iu any way connected with Captain Owen's murder." How was that ?" " Because that person never knew, and to the best of my belief does not'know now. that Captain Owen, bad any canso fori annoyance." ? . " And you say it was not a personal ; matter ?" " Not in the very least." "Then why cannot you disclose the particulars ?" " Because they were given to me in con fidence, and I decline to break it." " Did Captain Owen say where ho had been during the afternoon At this point Boautiful Jim raised his honest eyes and beheld staring at him, with the fascinated gaze of a bird attracted by a snake, the girl who was barmaid at the Duck's Tail; her small sharp features wore strained and anxious, her dark skin was of a greenish pallor, which contrasted horribly with her profuse and unnaturally golden hair; Jim looked at her steadily for a moment and then turned his attention back to his questioner. ' '' Yes; he had been in Walmsbury." " Did ho tell you where ?" "Yes; bo went to the Duck's Tail." " The Duck's Tail ? What to do tlioro ?" " To;/get the address of a horse- dealer, who had been recommended by Maior Whittaker." " Did ho get it ?" " I don't know; be did not say." " Was the annyanco connected with this horse-dealer ?" " Not in the very least." " Then there followed a long and close examination on the after events of that day and evening, to all of which: JJini rowunud auswors precisely corroborating tlio evi dence wjiich had gone before. Then at last he was told to stand asido, and the name of Rose Moeking was called. . Somewhat to Jim's, surprise, Rose Meek-, ing proved to bo the sharp-visaged j'oung person from the Duck's Tail; and, if fright was any sign of guilt, Miss Hooking must have had the credit of being vory^guilty indeed. . * She deposed_ that rather late in the afternoon Captain Owen had come into the bar of the Duck's Tail. Tlioro was no one else there. She did not know the exact time, but the landlord and the family were at tea. She was busy tidying up the bar for the evening. She always did that tlio last thing boforo she went to her tea; Captain Owen enquired the address of a certain horse-dealer, a Mr. Johns. She knew Mr. Johns' address aud gavo it to him. She also told . him that Mr. Johns had been in the hotel that morning and had gone up to London for two or throe days^ upon which Captain Owen romarked that it was no use his writing or going to him lor u^woek or so. Captain Owen stayod a short timo, talking .to her about other things, and then left. She did not know which way bo wont. There was no one else iu the bar during, the' time ho was there. She was then, asked whother Captain Owenjiad. often been in the hotel before, and wliother she knew him at all inti mately ? .; :. ,. ... And to this she repliow that sho had never, seen him'in tho hotol but once before when he had not spoken to her. The day of the marder was- the first time she had any conversation with liim. No, he had not shown the smallest wish to be intimate with her. . . ? ! .. -AfUivthio,.-.Mion...EoHo..Meekinc. was put down, and soverafminor witnesses wo ro put up from' nono of whom could any evidence worth mentioning be extracted. There wero various . officer's'. Servants, and tho men who bad been on duty that night, two mess waiters aud the gentleman who.iiad been guests at tho mess-table. If their' united evidence-, was -worth anything,! it. - was towards clearing Jim Berosford. of tho. sus picion which Leader's unfortunately long tongue had caused to uise up against bim ; and then, they all. sat' down to "await, with what patience tliey. might; the decision at; which the jury would eventually arrive. You aro' safe enough," said tli'e great onminal lawyer, to Jim...." There's not a jot of ovidenco against you." I bave never been afraid there would be," said Jim coolly. \- 'And presently tho jury wore ready with their verdiot, and amid u a breathless bush it was given to public, whon .it is safe to say that the, only'person in that assembly who did noUirembltbvas tho one on whom >tbe darkest suspicion'' had fallen, Beautiiul Jim. While the^yos of all were dimmed with foar of what" the next moment miglifc briug forth, lie stood up in his.place st'nin-h't and true, and awaited the vordict with tho; assurance of oomplote inn'oeeuce. And the docision of the jury was ; " Wilful murder against some person or persons unknown." And oh ! what a cheer burst out then, and liow they all-or nearly all-pressed forward to take Jim by the hand and teH him that they had never, never believed him guilty for a moment. And then'poor Leader came, shaking a«?d pale as a ghost, to tell him if they had given a verdict against him . he should have gone but and hanged himself like Judas; and the n when Jim, with rough kindness, told him not to talk rot but to get buck to .barracks, ho burst out sobbing- like a great baby and cursed himself for a blnbbering fool, who had risked the neck of the best master man had ever served ipnder. But it was all very delightful, never theless, to Beautiful Jim. It is easy and well to make little of a danger when it iB over; yet' this danger had been very real while it had lasted, and more than once Jim, in spite of his innocence, had caught himself furtively stroking his throat and wondering what the feel of the rope would be like, if it should come to that. Oh 1 without doubt, it was very very pleasant Co be free once more. On accouut of the dead man still lying in tiie room above the mess-room, who had been so great a favorite with them all, there were no open demonstrations of satisfaction . aud joy at Beautiful Jim's release that evening. But immediately after dinner the Colonel filled his glass to the brim, and turning to Jim, who sat in the place of honor beside him, an example which was followed by every other man at the table in turn. '. By the bye, where is young Tommy ?" asked Jim, suddonly becoming aware that Tommy was not in the room. " ? " Gone to bed, or'iu his room. Seedy, I fancy," returned the Doctor, who sab on his left. "The young duffer's not up to much ; lio's just about as weak as a cat. In fact, there's no stamina at all about him, and all this business has knocked him over completely." " H'm-thero'B no reason why it should particularly," remarked Jim. '. No ; but it has, aud that's very certain," said the doctor decidedly. Suddenly it occurred to him that it was just possible that young Tommy might have been down to see his charmer at the Duck's Tail; that that young lady, feeling herself released from' silence by poor dear old Owen's deaoh, might have disclosed to him I the episode of the,- afternoon, whon Owen had coolly taken ? possession of his ring. Further, that Tommy might all this time be in a mortal funk least his well-known ring should, bo found' among poor Owen's .belongings, aud some very unpleasant enquiries be set afloat in consequence. " I should think the sight of that beauty .in the witness box to-day must have oured ,him completely," Jiui thought, >* with a certain amount of compassion for the lad's foolishness. Well, I must go up as soon as I can get off and talk to him like a father; and then I'll set his mind at rest about his precious ring," -'i, . .:..AoftOwl!"oi-. . onnn.as.ho.ooul3"ffofc free, of tho Colonel's ponderous efforts to show* his pleasuro at his favourites freedom, Beautiful Jim betook himself upstairp,.liis eyes turning with a look which was in.itself a reverence at the door before wliicli two sentries were stationed, and with a rap upon .tho panels of Tommy's door,^opened it without further ceremony and walked, in. Tho lad was sitting in an easy chair, his pipe iu his mouth, his elbows resting on his knoes, staring into the fivo. Iio looked up listlessly enough at. Jim's entrance,. but when ho saw who tho visitor was, sprang up into an attitude of haughty resentimeut. "To what," he asked, "do I owe t\c honour of this visit?" . .. GUAPTEU XXI-"You WON'T Tell Hiji?" "To.what," asked Tommy Earle, with icy.formality and politeness, "do I owe the honour of this visit ?" For tho space of quito a minuto Beautiful Jim stood and stared blankly at him, ns if- he liad hot understood the moaning of his words. At last, howevor, ho pulled himself together, and spoke-" What on earth do you mean?'.'" ho asked, " Exactly what I say," returned Tommy Earle, curtly. Most men would have grown furious under such an attack from a lad of Tommy's years and regimental standing ; but Beauti ful Jim, just freed from the shadow of a ; violonfc and ignominious death, with the weight of his best friends cruel murder still pressing upon him, did not lose his temper in the least-on the oontrary, he became perfectly calm and still. ! , " Tommy," ho began; when Tommy, interrupted him passionately. " Mister Jilarle,1' said Jim with a' half smile, and strong emphasis on the word. " Tell me plaiuly wliat you mean by this extraordinary behaviour." ? x " The inference is obvious," said Tommy, coldy. - . " Yes," in an ouquirlug;' toiie-then find'-' ing that tho lad did not speak, went' on "and I am to infer-what?" but evon as the question passed, his [lips tho pale light broko in upon him, and he grasped Tommy by tlio arm with a grip that made him wince and shrink. ; My God, do you moan .to say,that you | believe I murdered him ?." he cried. . i Tommy turned away his head and; tried to force his'atm from the grip of the other's strong fingers.- . ! > : ? , ^ ' | "Answerme thundered.Jim. , " Let;go my arm. aud go out,of my room, I ? if you please, Mr. Berosford," returned the j ( lad.i l '-i . ?; ?? _ But Jim; stood still aud stared straight?) I into the lad's handsome eyes, as if he would force out of; them' the piain words which I apparently Tommy's . -tongue refused to speak ; "and" as they stood so,. aii awful thought flashed into Beautiful Jim's Jbewil dored mind-a' confused recollection of something gone by, something like a dream and yet, oh! what was it? What was it? A memory cr6wdod ovor by the mist of intense drowsiness; and yet, if ho could j only grasp it, a momory that had something ' so utterlyfreal and vivid about it that it would show; the wholeHruth to the light at onco. But^hat was it ? Aye, what was it; an<3 what was there in young Earlc's eyes which gave him the clue lie sought? I know not, and assuredly Beautiful Jim, to the end of his days, would never known it either; but during those terrible moments of doubt and anguish the mists were suddenly lifted oft his mind-and he remembered-remembered the dream he had had that night, a dream of Owen, his dear old friend; being in anger with him, and the momentous words, " Consider yourself tinder close arrest, Go to your room and I will send for your sword," In an instant everything was perfectly clear to. him, and he gripped young Tommy's arms closer and faster than ever. " You-young-hound 1" he exclaimed, between his sot teeth, " I suppose you mean to come your ' last of the Barles' rot over mo in this instance. Tho last of the ISarlcs, and a pretty ending for the Earles-to be snuffed out by the hangman's rope." Young Tommy's white face turned to a sickly yellow, and Jim felt a tremor run through him, " What do you mean, sir," he cried, trying to pass it off with a high hand and succeed ing very badly. " I mean that you-you murdered Owen, and I know it-you dastardly young hound; and you tried to fasten it on me-you scoundrel 1" and forthwith Beautiful Jim set to work and shook the lad, much as a'terrier shakes a rat and with as little mercy, until in fact, the teeth seemed to rattle in his head and his very knees seemed to knock together Then, with a last burst of fury, he flung him from him into the big chair, where he lay gasping and livid, more like a limp rag than a smart young officer-to say nothing at all of his being the last of the Earles. But even then he did not altogether give in ; "You Bhall answer for this," lie panted. ? "Answer for it!" echoed Jim, with mighty scorn. " Yes, by the Heavens above us, I will answer for it. I will answer you, you damnable cowardly hound. I say you mur'dored Owen, murdered him in cold blood, yon struck him in cold blood. I have the most convincing proofs against you. I have only to disclose'the subject of Owen's conversation with mo that afternoon and to show the ring that he insisted on having from that wpman, to put the rope round your neck without a chance of escape." " Ring 1" gasped ' Tommy, in a different tone. "What ring? What woman?" " What ring ? What woman ?" Jim repeated in disgust. "Do you come that humbug oyer me still ? Then, Mister Earle, I will enlighten you. I mean the sapphire and diamond ring, engraved with your family crest and motto, whioh you gave as a pledge of affection to that sharp-nosed little hussy, at the Duck's Tail 1 Ah I-You knofr what ring I mean, do you ?" as a groan of utter and abject despair burst from the lad's lips. . jvent on without rnery-" Now, I see it all.. ,' Y'ou went to see that woman on your-way back to barrack from Blankhamp ton, and she-like the double-faced, design ing -htf.jp, jado- aho is-told" you Owen had been there, that ho had seen the ring on hoi hand and insisted on her giving it up. Tlion you came back and bided your'time, and after Owen left my room, you followed Ins. And then, you came your «last of the Jiailes air with , him and . domanded your ring, and Owen refused' to give it to you until ho had communicated with vour father J He did not," broke in Tommy eagerly, ^ Ah, those wei'o not,the precise words, I dare say," said Jim, carelessly, " bub'I can give you the prcciso ^vords which were the last the dear old chap:ever Bpoko---they were these : " Consider yourseif wider' close arrest. Go to your room at once and I will send for your sword!' and then," said Beautiful Jim, speaking very slowly and distinct, " you-went-back-ami killed him. 1" The lad had been lying helplessly back in the big chair, staring at1 Jim with a fascinating, piteous to behold, but as the the last words fell upon his ears he sprang up. trembling in every limb, "I never meaut to do it-never-I swear it. I had no thought of harming him I it was done in blind, rage!; it'was, indeed." H'm. Was it blind rage which prompted you to try and palm off your dastardly cowardice upon mo?" Jim demanded, contemptuously, " Was that blibd rage ?" " I have been mad over since," replied the lad, abjectly. " God above only knows how and what I have suffered. I have not known what I've been doing. I havfln't indeed." "Ah I there's beeu a'good deal of method :in your madness, though," returned Jim in disgust. , . ' .' '' " But, Beresford-Jim-'\Tommy began when the other interrupted him sharply.. "Jim to my friends ouly-Beresford to my equals," he said, curtly. " To you, now and for always, Mr. Beresford, if you please." ;! . . ? Tho miserable lad made no reply but ho hid his face upon his arms, shivering and shrinking away .'from the' blaze of his comrades righteous indignation. What a' contrast tliey made, the two; tho one so straight and strong and honest, the other so' wretched, so pitiable, a. miserable,'guilty thing, driven up in a cornor, without even strength to stand at bay. At'last ho looked up. " What are you going to do ?" he asked hoarsely. " Do ?" Jim repeated. " Why,' what should I do but tell tho Oolonol tho whole truth at once." Young Tommy shuddered and buried his faco in his arms once more. " They will hang me," ho moaned. "And a good thing too,", .returned Jim, colly. " The . sooner the better, before you have time to do' any more mischief And one. thing is very certain, which is that you 11thoroughly deserve it." "NoVno," Tommy oried, "My family;' my father. Oh 1 no, no,; Beresford, don't nang ino. for the sake;of iny name, don't." " And what'the devil has your name to «o with it ?" Jim returnod, roughly. " Did tho fact that you are the last 0%the Earles keep, you from compromising yourself with a little slut that you knew your father ' would have died rather than, receive as bis daughter ? Did being the last of the Earles keep your band, from murder? Did it keep you from trying to fasten the blame of that marder upon an .innocent man? No ; don't talk, to mo about your family. Show me something your family has done for you before you expect that claim to have any weight with me. No, .pon my soul, when a long and honourable name comes to an end with such an infernal scoundrel as you are;- the sooner it is blotted out altogether the bettor." " I never meant to kill him," .Tommy protested, shrinking over the word as if the word.wasreally more than the thing. "I had no such thought in my mind. I hadn't Beresford, upon my honor." ». "Your: what}" asked Jim in genuine amazement. ^ The lad turned scarlet. "You think/T" haven't any honor," he said, bitter] " Well, I suppose I've forfeited any rigtl that for ever. Anyway, you may. t' me or not, as you like, but I tell tb'/* , - truth. I had no thought or iv' / harming Owen in the least, furious at his interference wit f which did not in the least cd#n,ve Boon 1 and Owen was frightfully sai'ca££B^d bitter about the whole affafr. If h^ve spoken to me reasonably, and told me '1 was a young ass, T should have seen the justice of what he said. But ho didn't-he" jibed and jeered at me ; taunted me with my youth, my family, my general idiocy ; and I couldn't get back my ring. No; he meant to keep the ring until he saw my father; and he swore that nothing should induce him to keep quiet about it. I had disgraced my name, he said, and myself and the regiment and everybody connected with me, and my father should know about it at once. And, of course, I was fright fully angry about it, for it isn't pleasant to have one's doings canvassed over to one's father; and I daresay I did answer pretty cavalierly-in fact, I believe, I told him to go to the devil. Anyway, he put mo under arrest, and-and-and then I went back clinked that dumb that dumb-bell at him ; but, Beresford upon my soul, as sure as I am alive at this moment, I had no thought of doing liim a serious injury, let alone, of taking his life; I had not' indeed; I was just blind with rage. I didn't knaw what I was doing." " You were not blind with rage when I came in here to-night," said Beautiful Jim who was not in the smallest degree moved by the lad's story, though he implicitly believed every word of it. * "I was worse than that, I was desperate." Tommy answered humbly. I-don't-," and then all at once he gave way entirely [ and broke down into violent weeping. And Beautiful Jim stood looking at him. ' at the convulsively shaking shoulders and ( the fair, \ovely head, so like hers-the one who did not count, but the one who was all the world to him, It was with an awful shook he realised that the news must reach her sooner or later ; that, young scoundrel i as he was, he was her brother, and if dis grace touched him, it would of necessity touch her also. Quick as thought his mind put into ideas all that would happen-he-saw the almost certain death of the frail old man, bearing his good old name with honor to the last, but crushed completely beneatn the shame nnd degradation of his Bon's end; he saw Nanoy, with her pure, noble mind and her sweet dove's eyes left alone, quite alone for lie knew that even for justice tender Nancy would never forget that this ha<J been the hand to bring him to punishment. " And oh! God forgive me-Owen, dear old friend, forgive me," his heart cried within him. " I cannot be the one to broak her heq,rt-I cannot do it." He knew that it was wrong, he felt it was weak, he felt that it was little short of madness to leave himself under even the faint shadow of suspicion which still hung over him, and which mieht, and probably would, cling to him as long as he should j live ; and yet he could not force himself to follow a course, which, under any other! circumstances, probably he would haye followed-that of simply laying the whole story, before his commanding-officer, and leaving him to do what ho thought best in the matter. No, lie had praotioally no choice-either he must^shut his eyes to the suffering which Tommy's guilt would bring upon two innocent persons, give up all hope of ever being auything to the girl he loved, or he must lock this dreadful secret in his breast and trust to time and chance con clealing it for ever. i But was this a choioo ? Scarcely I His heart and soul were wrapped up in Nanoy Earlo. She was the one woman that the world held for him. No, there was no choice about the matter. The. vision of Nanoy decided the question, and the wretched, sobbing, cravon-hearted lad in the big chair was safe-or if not actually safe, he was safe, at least, from Beautiful Jim's vengeance. Having onco corno to a decision, Jim ;was npt_.the. mari to let,the grass 'grow undor his feet. There' was much-to be done ; for if Tommy wus to be shielded lie must be shielded effectually. ." Here, stop that-howling, y0u miserable young cur," he saiffK breaking. the silence at last, and' speaking in a sharp, authoritative tone. Ho had any amount,of*£ho tenderest and most touching pit£for Nanoy.; but for the boy, none.: He,would let; him, for his sisters sake^ go scot free, .but lie was .troubled bv no sickly sentimentality; about 'the l&cl;'s abject terror and ^expressions of sorrow"'' if the-'jToring-'devil'does-feei i °i. himself as ho watofaod^Tommy's efforts to regain composure}*" I hope he'll goon feeling the same way for the <; rest of his life. I sincerely hope it.'' ' " Come ! What good do you think that will doi ? ho demanded roughly. " I'm not going to expose you, though t tell you that candidly, if there was no one bu t yourself to think of, I should have called for tho Colonel long before this. But there are others to think oi besides yonrsolf; there's your family no, I don t moan tho family pedigree that i °/t bl'a.8giug about; but your old father, and the sister who lias had to play sooond fiddle to you all her life-tho Earletlmt doesn't count. Just you remember will you, that, it's for her sake I do you this service, not jn the very smallest degree for your own."'" By an immense effort, Tommy( pulled himself together and looked up at Jim. And Jim thought that a more pitiable object than the lad's white and haggard face, with its wild and staring eyes, ho had never seen., strode to the door and turned the key in the look. " Look here; youngster," he Haid, sharply; " this-sort of thing won't do ; if the truth has to be kept between you. and me .you must manage to pull yourself together and hide your feelings a bit better. The best thing for you to do is to get a stiff glass of brandy and tumble into bed at once. And then the soouer you get out of Walmsbury the better." : U I " But I can't get out of Walmsbury," Tommy exclaimed fretfully. . " You get to bed, as I tell you," returned Jim. " I'll manage, that -I'll speak to the Colotael about it.", ' But you won't tell him, Beresford ?" " Tell him -what?" contemptuously. " Get to bed, and stop there. - 'Foster is impressed with the fact1 that you are seedy t and you had better keep, it up- it will simplify matters;, Resides, you cannot go to the funeral to-morrow--X couldn't quite stand that," He turned to leave the room then, and Tommy followed hima"stepor so, with an eager expression of gratitude on bis lips. Beautiful Jim, however, promptly oat that proceeding very short. ' ;v " Look, here," he said. " You had.betier understand clearly from tho beginning that I am not doing this in any way for you. If there was no one but you to think of, I would very cheerfully"»se.e you hanged to-morrow. You richly fdeserve it, But there happens to be others to be thought of. and I think of th<jm-it's lucky for you that it is so, perhaps, *though being»>such a thorougbfaced young scoundrel as - you are, I don't know whether hanging would not bo the best thing,that;could happen to you." With these wordsifBeautiful Jim went out of tho room, and,' as* .the night .was yet young,, down into the ante-room again., As for Tommy, he sat down before the fire again, and thought it all over ; but his first thought was-"I always did dislike the fellow-I hate him now," (To be Continued,) 