THE GOLDEN HOOK AND THE S1LVEK ti.M i\ It seems to me probable that the magic of tliu gold sjkjII will be broken and civilized cominunilii'u will nnrt that man can make for himself, by mere agreement and legislation, that indispensable limit'. money, uiu medium of exchange and measure of properly, ior a simply of which hitherto he has been often painfully dependent upon accidental dis coveries of the treasure beds of the earili.-llouert Ilogarth Patterson. On one occasion the Kank of England permitted the 'stnugency' of the currency 'to plausibly juhlily Us oppression of business men by an advance in its othcial minimum to 10 per cent., while French traders at that very moment wero only paying 31 per ceut.-7.Alr. Matthew Uacfle before tu« Junker.? Institute in ^November, 18S8. TO THE KDITOB. Sir— I have been induced to give the two expressions of opinion above that they may suggest to my fellow-colonists the way in which the oppressive system of currency bo long in operation jnay be suirerseded by a juBter method, a view which by tho public Diiud is better appreciated to-day than whoa the words were written in 1S82 by Mr. Patter eon, himself a banker, and a descendant of he founder of that Bank whose unfair use of its powers Mr. Macfie declaimed against as above etated in 1888. Tho somewhat grotesque title given by Mr. Holder to his lecture laet Friday evening would not necessarily lead any one to conclude that his drift was to be towards bi metallism or tho remonetization of silver. For the by everybody-acknowledged defi ciency of the volume of the medium of exchange by no means involves the use of tho nifctals eo 'precious' to those who make use of them to rig the markets, and thus depress or raise prices to suit their own conveniences without the general public knowing whence the mischief comes. In the days of Solomon, when silver was relatively more plentiful than it is to-day, with all our ComstockB and Broken Hills, no attempt was made to inflate its value, for are wo not told that 'silver was nothing accounted of in the days of Solomon ?' On the other hand the silver-mon of America ere using all their ingenuity by politioal in fluence and bribery to sell the produce of tho silver mines at a price higher than its natural value by means of what they^call ' free coinage,' that, in connection with tho theory of bimetallism, they may secure tho private advantage of their own class. These persons support their contention by the very generally recognised doctrine that tho supply of gold is inadequate to the requirement* of the exchange of commodities— quite over looking the fact that a metallic basis of any kind is neither necessary nor desirable in the publio interests. Upon the groundless assumption that thero ought to be a metallic basis, or, as it is sometimes phrased, a 'standard of intrinsic value,' the bimetal liets fix their argument that a silver coinage should bo added to gold. This is the sole ground that Messrs. llounsevell and Holder have on which to base their contention, and before they can reasonably expect tho public to accept their statement they must bring stronger evidence than they have yet brought! forward toBupport the position theyhave taken. One well-known writer on finance asks — ']£ all gold raised may bo coined, and that all silver that is raised should be converted into coin as desired by the silver-men in America, why should not all copper raised be also coined into the convenient shape of pennypieces for the miners who raise itV It will bo remembered that nut long ngo a Syndicate in Paris tried to inflate the price of copper, and with what result. And now after a Royal Commission in London of two or three years' duration has been unable to sottlo anything, tho millioraires of America, joined with the non-contents of other countries, have, we are told, got the British Government to consent to a talk over the subject of bimetal lism. It is not to bo wondered at that that jrortion of tho nationalities which has been living on tho labour of the workers bhould accept bimetallism rather than the true basis of tlie currency demanded by the Farmers' and Industrial tJmon of the Wostern States of America. This Association represents a class whoso roortgagestothecapitalistsof theEostern States mean ruin, desiro fair play, for wheu the market price of their produoo has been reduced by the lack of an adequate supply of cuirency, they find that they are virtually sweated bj the mortgagees to such an extent that it is impossible for them to hold their ground. These men are not mislead by tho ciaft of the metallists, but voice their inten tions by such men as Mr. Widney, of Cali fornia, and Mr. C. C. Post. The former very clearly eays that 'Tho circulating medium should keep pace with tho growing wants of the business of tho country, and ihoukl bo issued by the authority of the whole population and be backed by the ontiro wealth of tho nation, and controlled for tho common benefit of all.' Professor Gidq, who is chosen bv the recontlv formed 'British Economic Association,' of which Mr. Goschen is Presi dent, to be ono of tho contributors to its journal, tays that ' monopoly' by tho Stale 'with the greatest liberty in the issue of notes is to be preferred to competition of Banks with a severe regulation of tho issue of notes.' Mr. Post alleces that the success of ' the people's move ment over the country lies in the intelligence of the masses.' This intelligence we want to be played against the business tact of the men who have long found tho metallic, doctrine to be eo remunerative to themselves. Tho latter cla68 have many well-used bugbears Icept in stock to scare the uninformed. Ono of these is the ghost of John Law, who was taken out and roundly abused by Sir John Downer a whilo ago. Of Law the 'Encyclopedia Bri tannica' says— ' Tho Bank' (founded by him in France) ''was not necessarily bound to tho Company (that caused its ruin), and had its note issue been retrenched it might have be come a permanentinstitution.' Atanotliertimo the collapse of financial affairs in Argentina is given as a fearful instance of the employment of a pa]H?r issue. Tho fiasco in that country was brought about by the samo cause that occasioned the failure of Banks nearer home — want of honest oversight. Ours, by the home managtment tho Buenos Ayrean collapse happened for want of the control of creditors thousands of miles away, the debtors of tbo foreigner indulging in tho wildest oxtrava gnnoe ; so of other instances. Mr. llouneovell referred to tho financial policy of ancient Romo. Let Mr. Del Mar speak for tho BOcalled' ' golden ago' of Augustus. This En peror, it may bo observed, was within a few hundred years of that Hu public, which enjoyed nearly two centuries of prosperity because it had, a3 tho same writer remarks, a 'Government virtuous ^'?ough. to restrict the issuo of notes and btrong enough id preyeut (ho money mark being oounterfeite'd.' Of' A:\e«stl18 ^Ir.- Del Mar t-ays:— 'A metallic Btandar^ eutad the in terests of the classes in power who had amassed fortunes in land, merchandise, and slaves. It; suited the interests of a diminished comtnef' cial class. Finally it contented tho people who perhapB fancied that they could add with out limit to a commodity money either by tho produce of tho mines or the spoils of conquest.' Thoughtful people will noto how far tho complaisant conduct of the great Roman exhibited tho same traits that have necessitated the- Government* of tho present age. Tho time is doibtlc-ss coming when the golden hook and the silver bait will cease to attract, because the question of tho currency will be better understood by the peoplo whose labour contributes tho pro duce for the interchange of which tho money medium was called into existence. As po much has been said about India— it. may be mentioned here that the confession is that no difficulty is experienced by tho home population of that country arising from the reduced value of their silver currency. If the export of wheat be taken .18 an index of prosperity, that traffic is said to be facilitated thereby, and so of other exportable products. The parties inconvenionccd are tho dominant race, tho British, who have to remit their income to England. 15 is thus always and everywhere ; it is the non-Eympathetio absentees and their coadjutors who bring trouble upon a country, whether Ireland, India, or Australia. If tho natural order of things could be maintained, viz., that where men 'make their money' there they should live, there would bo less trouble. The only relief will come when the bird-of- passage class, and those in sympathy with them, cease to voutrol the country, anil the rule passes into the hands of those who have no othor desire than to remain where they have gained a footing, and where tho majority of them wero born. The currency then will become more of a home question to be settled for the convenience of the exchange of our own commodities. Wo should then, as now, barter our own collected produce for fnch products of other countries as we required for our own use without our prosperity being mur dered for the benefit of an array of interme diaries, who would then be otherwise employed with greater benefit both to themselves and to the State. I am, Sir, ic, G. W. COTTOX, Member of the British Economic Assochtion. P.S.— The above letter was written before J had the opportunity of perusing thoee of your correspondents in Monday's Register. 