A MAD SPECTRE. By Phan Phantom. 'Any ghosts, wraiths, spooks, spectres or other representatives of your defunct ancestors here abouts ?' I asked the question of my friend, Augustus Dan forth, as we seated ourselves before a blazing fire in the. stately library of the grand old gray stone pile which had recently come to him by inheritance, auu wuiuu j. uuw viaueu iur luo urut tiwu, ' I can't speak from personal knowledge,' he laughed, ' having had no experience with the gentry, but, tell it not in Gatli, publish it not in Askelon, or every servant would quit the place without an hour's notice — if tradition speakath correctly, there are half a dozen, more or less, closeted about the bouse somewhere, though, as tbey are not disposed to disturb my nightly slumbers, I don't propose to hunt them out, and they are wel come to possess in peace.' We had botu Been, read, hea'd, and, best of all, thought much since we last met, and we thought of many things that nigbt ; of things seon and unseen ; ot the natural and the supernatural ; ot tbe body terrestrial and the body celestial. We talked of old friends and old times, and at my request Dan forth gave me a brief account of his ancestry, names, characters and eccentricities included. l ue mgut itseii was conducive to good tellowship; all the four winds of heaven were roaring and rol licking in tbe wide-mouthed chimney, and capering in and out the gables and cornices, whistling through the keyholes and thrashing at the leafless oaks and giant elms in a regular high daddy, witches' frolio that reminded one of ' Ingoldsby ' in his gayest mood. The full moon held high carnival amid the flying scud that occasionally obscured her brightness, and now looked calmly down upon the animated sc^ne. A large grey owl sat perched on a swaying branch anil asked his monotonous question at every ap propriate interval. We scoud looking out of the French window for a moment beforo seoarating for the night, Danforth remarking that a storm was browing, the moon being partially obscured by a watery haze and enveloped in a circular ni»ht-cap as if for urotection. ' You and t'ae spooks will have tt all to your selves ; 'tliis is the only room that is occupied on this side the bouse,' he said as he bade me good night on tlio landing. 1 ' All right,' I responded ; ' if they cut up very rough I'll sing out, and you can come to tbe rescue. ' I was dog tired after my long journey, thougt L hadn't realised it until now, and gave but a basty glance round the room, merely noting its size and comfort, before turning in, and in five minutes was in .that mystioal land where the mind wanders at will, untrammelled by the body. I may hava slept an hour, perhaps longer, when I was aroused by, or became conscious of, a sound in the room resembling tbat made by a rapid plaver of the bones. l7or a time I struggled with the drowsiness tbat possessed ma, but as the sound con tinued and increased 1 gradually woke up to the significance of it, aud onened mv eves. As I did so tbe moon emerged from a cloud, and a long, bright stream of silvery light fell across the floor. Just in the very centre of the radiance I saw a Bight tbat made my heart thump like a trip-hammer toe a minute, until I reflected that no one bad ever beard of a spectre doing any real damage to anyone, aud determined to pluck up courage. My ghost was none of the ordinary kind, I would have you to understand, being no more or no less than a gibbering skeleton. In itself this wss quite enough to arouse a feeling of curiosity, if no stronger emotion, but add to it tha fact that so far from standing upon its pedal extremeties, as any well conducted t,'host would do, il was carefully balanced ou iu hands, with its feet in tha air, and tbe head elevated like a turtle, and waggiug from side to sidu when I first percsivod it, and furthermore that it started c,fl into a variety of contortions to which double somersaults and tho hop, skip and jump aots wore the mildest prelude, aud you have a faint idea of an odd, not to say striking, perform ance. My tongue clovo to the roof of my mouth for a few momeiits, aud then I summoned tha courage to ejaculate ' Helloa I' in a decidedly weak voioe. The spectre, or skeleton, paused instantly in a pirouette upou the right hand index finger and faced me, head tilted upward, aud grinning hor ribly. 'Shan't Jo it,' a weird voioe returned. 'I helloed once with a vengeance, though, but it had ho effect except to w afie tbe echoes and frighten the rats.' ' I beg pardon,' I ventnred, 'I didn't think you could talk,' 'Why nott There's no law againBt it, I sup pose,' he chattered. ?' Ob, no, of course not I But you see moBt people require a tongue for that sort of thing.'1 ? 'That's where I have the advantage of you. I have a tongue, and it can wag at fast as anothsr man's, too, only I haven't used it for ao long that it's a trifle rusty. I have eyes, and flesb, and blood, pud nerve aud muscle, only you ar# blind and can't see them.' 'You don't say 1 Why, your bones look as dry as — as a haystack.' 'Well, bo they are, but I still invest them, and shall until they crumble away ob my other material part has ; then I shall be all spirit, with a body of a different kind.' '? Gracious I I don't mean to be disrespectful, I assure y-;U — but — who are you, anyhow?' ' I mightask youtbBBame question with a better grace, since 1 find you intruding upon my privacy ; but no matter ; you're not ' to the manor born,' or you wouldu'c ask ; everyone with the slightest pre tensions to relationship has heard of the Mad I Baron. I'm hia spoetre, and eveiy whit as mad now as I was when they dubbed me bo, yet I am as Bane as yourself ; everyone is more or less mad, you know.' ' So they called you mad, eb ? What for?' ''Why, you eee, my mother died when I was' born, and what with misBing her, and with inherit ing her weakly constitution, and one thing and an other, I was a puuy youngster, and exercised my lun^s to such good puypoae that my uurBespent tne major part of her time in trotting and dandling me upon her capacious knee. Now this might have been all right tor the ordinary young oue, but you sea it wa9 differeuc with me ; I was feuble and my bones were hollow, so that my brains gradually settled d-nvn to the lowest point aud lodged in my heeis. Of course no one knew of this, or thoy might have bung me up by tha heels and sot ma to rights. I wasn't conscious of it myself until Icucue to an age whure I began to reason, and then I set to work to remedy the trouble. A man can't ba strictly sensible with his braitis upside down, so I began tc- practice walking upon my head, or bands, rather ; and aa s.-on as I was inverted, and my brain in its proper positiou, I was all right. Folks began to look at me askance after that, though, and finally I was fastened up here and never allowed to go out.' ' Tbe deuoo 1 I mean — that was pretty hard on you, especially an you were quite sane. I hope you don't mind my being here? ' ' Not at ull ; I rather like it, if you don't object to mv little eccentricities. I muBt havo some exercise.' ' Ceitainly, but why choose the nigbt?' ' 1 haven't any spite against the present ocou psut, and it would be Bure to make trouble with tervants and children, if there- are any, if I were to appear in the daylight ; besides, I always preferred this time. Many a time aud oft I have gone tumbling into my younger brother's room — he was waiting for 'myCoiioeB,., and waiting eagerly,' .too— !n j tho dead of 'night,-, pfid^ frightened -hjm/ half to ! death. Although tney /ohut. ,me (up, LaWny s con- ; trived to get out, and gavq^tbdm nq_end' 'bE troublo ' to the very last, I was helped oB, finally, yon know.' ' Tho deu— what do you mean ?' ' Wby, helped to shuffle oil the mortal coil,'. ' You don't mean It?' ' Yes, I do ; it was strychnine, the most diaboli cal poison ever invented. My brother slipped as easily into my shoes as if they bad been made to his measure, but something troubled him, and alter a long time he came to the family vault one dark night, and opening my narrow prison house rifled it of my bones and took them home. After placing tbem in the large closet over there he locked the door, and next day I overheard workmen cementing the cracks, and it has never been opened from thai; day to this ; in faot, the door-knob was removed, and it has always been considered as no more or less than a panel. But, bless you, they can't chain spirits, even those partia'ly trammelled by tho material, with bolts and bars. I stood by my brother's bed or gibbered on the footboard every night of his sinful life, until. 1 think he would have been glad to die, except that he was afraid of what oame after. Sometimes he stretched out his bands and pleaded with me to go away and leave him in peace ; and once he leaped dutof bed and implored me to kill him and end it all. But I waB not quite bad enough for that. I went away then and he died soon after, I haven't sought to find him since ; naturally he doesn't care to linger about the scene of bis orime, and — on the whole — perhaps ho suffered enough — helloa I what's that? Daylight, as I'm a Bkeletonl Well, good-day 1' And he vanished into thin air in the twinkling of an eys. ' Ever taken a good look around the unoccupied side of the house?' I inquired carelessly, the next day, after discussing a hearty breakfast with Dan forth. ' No ; suppose we go over it together this morn ing,' he suggested, as we rose from the table- and lit our cigars. '' Agreed,' I returned, and we strolled about for several hours, poking into all sortB of nookB and corners, and discovering a secret passage from one room to another in the moat innocent looking panel in the world. ' By the way,' I said, ' isn't it a' little strange that in so large a room as that I occupied last nigi.t there is no closet?' ' Strange enough,' I should think. Aro you sure, j though ?' | ' Reasonably.' j I said it with a mental reservation. ' Let us examine into it,' quoth Danforth. : He went to work, looking carefully all along tlio wall. After a moment he paused. 'By Jove t Dick,' he called out, 'see here— that's cement, Bure's you're ali»e; I can pick it out with my knife ; keep still, though, and we'll seo ! what's inside in a brace of shakes.'' After two hours of bard work I stood buck while Danforth pried opsn the door with n chisel. A tall skeleton fell clattering down upon the floor. ' The deuce !' cried Dtiuforth. * ' Tbe mild speotre of the Mad Baron I' said I. 