Some Customs of Australian Aborigines. Curious Practices. "While tho medicine-men, " black-fel low doctors," claim. the power to heal diseases and remove spells, they are also prepared to inflict evil for a considera tion (says tho Daily News). They nre not only doctors ( Maykeeka ) but wizards, and adepts in magical arts. To enumer- ate their practices would fill a volume. A brief notice must suflico. Uudoubt- edly tliey understand, and make uso of, tho hypnotic art. Throwing tho subjects into a deep sleep, tliey will compel them to seo visions, reveal secrets, and even pino and die. The possession of somo part of tlio belongings of the subject expedites the magician's plan. This is less wonderful thau it appears, Tho imagination has greater power than is supposed, especially over undisciplined minds. Some black seers aro popularly supposed to be able to command tho elemental spirits, fetch hack doparted spirits, and render ghosts visible at camp fires. Hypnotism renders this explicable. Of the practices attributed to these men, that of " taking kidney fat " from their victims is mast feared. Belief in tlieir powor to accomplish this prevails through tho entire continent. In innumerable iustancos persons have died, believing themselves victims of lliis art. So real does it seem, that hypnosis is clearly at tho basis of-tho practice. Thus, amoug the Kurnai, tho brew in, or wizards, aro thought to cast the victims into Bleep by pointing at thorn with the yertuny — a "bono instru ment made from tho fibula of a kan garoo. Among tho Wotjobaiuk tho victim, after being half strangled, is laid upon his back ; then tho banyal, or wizard, gets astride of his chest, opons the right Bido, nnd oxtrncta the fat from the kidneys. Ho then joins tho cuts, nnd, after singing his spell, bites them t > render the opening scnrlcss. After this he retires, nnd sings 11 magical inolody which awakens tho victim, caus ing him to stagger, wondering iioiv ho canio to bo "sleeping out there." It is believed that by partaking of a man's fat tho oator acquires his victim's strength. So also it is thought thnt i huinnu fat brings good hunting, causes spears to fly. true to their mark, or tho waddle to deal rosistlcss blows. For men who can accomplish wondors upon tlio human form diriuo, " raiu-iuaking " must indeed boa commonplnco under taking. It is, thoroforo, not surprising to find that, throughout Australia, wizards aro credited witli the possession of this powor, which they exercise in various ways— not. always,- it must bo ndniittod, with satisfactory results. Iu tho Ta-tn-thi tribo tho rain ninlcor uses a piece' of transparent wliito quartz, which 'ho; wraps in dmu foathors; having first broken off a ..small pieco, which ho i-pits up towards. tlio .sky. The: quartz niul foathors aro then sonken in water and aftoriynrds carefully hidden.. Among tho Myappo the entrails of an opossum aro stooped in water tor some days ; when decomposing they are takon oilt, This, it is boliovod, will always cause rain. Or a nalivo eat is skinned and hung on a trcb for tho purpose.- It has been stated that tho Australian tribes aro wholly without religion. This is nu-orror. Thoy believe7 that tlio god who comos down at the boor rah is good and poworful : thnt he saves thorn by his strength ; that lie is very' ancient, but never grows older. Tho Mycoolon tribo boliovo in life, nftor death, in Vnln.'M.. tl.f. — . -1 i ' ll._ 1Y!I1 tinuuj mu iuau IU WHICH IS Clio iVLHuy Way. Hero a spirit will look after them, nnd hero they will find trees, water, game, dogs, anil their women and children. The prnctico of knocking. out tho two front teeth is a religious one. Those who have been so mutilated will have clear water to drink, wliilo others will only have muddy .water. The Jump up-wliile-fellnu' idea, or renppcaranco'n ftcr death as a wliilo man, is likewise indica tive of religious faith ; and belief, in a. life after death. ThoAYnthi-Wnttii be- licvo that traps aro set for the spirits of bad men ; if they escape those thoy fall into hell-tiro. Tho Ta-ta-thi say that a- " doctor " once ascended into tlio sky, aud saw a place where wicked men wore7 burnt. T/iaramuhni is believed in ns tho Supremo Being, but his natno is secret, and is only imparted at tho ini tiation ceremony. The women only know that a groat spirit livc3 beyond tho sky; and they call him Pa puny, or father. These are ancient beliefs, al though a careless observer might deem that thoy had been borrowed from tho white mon. 