Karly Mastodon Maize IK forwarding to the department two specimen cobs of Early Mastodon maize, Mr. G. D. Hildor, of Kempsoy, says regarding this prolific variety:- , The samploof ?'. Early Mastodon ' maize I have for warded to your Department originated with Mr. O. S. Clarke, of Wakeman, Ohio, U.S.A. This mnize WIIB introduced into the colony in 1890, and planted ,in January, 1891.. The cobs, forwarded were planted early in September of hist your (1891), and pulled about tho second wook in January. Mr. Clarke,' in a lotter to Messrs. W. H. Maule & Co., of Philadelphia, describing tho " Early Mastodon " maize says: "lt was named Mastodon ou account ¡ of its largo cars, and it is a cross between two well known Ainoricau variotios, tho White Cap and Early. Roo.Dent." Ho describes, it as. a highly- . brod corn of beaut if ul colour, and one that will please growers and others connected with maize growing. Mr. Clurkn oluims for tho Mastodon tho largest number bl rows on n cob, and tho deepest and longest grains of any mal/.e ever originated. Ho further says that it mukös tho finest uppenring shelled oom ho has ever . seen, hoing a cast of two colours, and such oom'us brings the bi ghost price in market. In Amorioa, Mastodon maize riponed in from ninety to 100 days,within Smiles of Lake Erie. Tested on tho Macleay , it has, fairly upheld the opinion'expressed by'tho' originator, Mr.' Clarke. It is fully as early as Qnoon of'tho Prairie, and from two to three weeks oarlior-thau Golden Beauty. Liko'most; bf tho new.'rarieties introduced from Amcrioa it seems to take tho weevil sooner tbun'.our colonial maize, this is probably caused through the softness of tho grain. Tho samo tbiug.-happened with Queen of tho Prairie aud Golden Beauty, but since thoy have become ucaliimitixcd tho .graiu has ; become hardened, and they stand the. weevil equally as well as tho old and long growing varieties. , [We may a «id a trial .boro last season of this maize, ob tained from another source, guvo good results.- ' ED. Sior.] 