MX-SA COffRIN. A TALE OF MANXLAND. (By Svtvu Penw.) CHAPTER IX, Continued. But it seemed xs if other ' Unities ' beside those sown by Chrissie had been commissioned to spring up aguiu to mar the happiness of that summer afternoon. In the higher reaches of , thst beautiful glen Moiui sind her lover *ere walking, enjoying the rare pleasure of being together for owing to' the presence of their summer visitors they had had very few opportunities of uninterrupted intercourse. And now Kaneen, to whose love-sharpened per ception the gmvviujr attachment be tween Frank and Chrissie bad been plainly visible, felt constrained to tak« the opportunity to gather from Moua the exact circumstances attending her cousin's marriage. His intention was to cunline the conversation to that point without revealing anything he knew himself; but, with n woman's quick intuition, Jlona at once suspected there was something behind. And having assured bira that the marriage had been duly performed and wit nessed, and that Chrissie herself pos sessed the certificate, she pressed him so closely for the rrcsons for his suspicions, that his clumsy masculine wit was not proof against her ques tionings, and he told her all the cir cumstances of his encounter with * Madame Clure,' reserving only that part relating to herself. Mona listened with downcast eyes and burning cheeks; her thoughts, after tiie first burst of surprise, had fled from Chrissie's wrongs and troubles to her own. Would there never be an end to (he consequence of her girlish f ally 1 for Katteen's silence did not deceive her ; ahe felt that he knew and ardently wished that she had told him herself long ago. However, there should be no more concealment. Looking bravely up into his face, though (he effort chased the color from her cheek's, she asked — ? Was that all she told you f 1 No,' and he took her haads and dpp'v her tenderly towards him ; 'she tn ? 1 me a great deal, but she might as v .A\ have been telling it t'» the winds iot all I beli'ved of it. it would not be her wor-i^norauy words that could weigh agamst my life's knowledge o' my Queen. Thirl; no more of u, darling, now for e\ cr.' She clung to him for a moment, murmuring — ' I am a poor queen, but rav ' Kins' loves right royalty !' Then, her thoughts reverting to her cousin, she added quickly, ' But what can we be doing 1 How find out about Chrissie f *It is nothing we can he doing, unless I can Gnd some means of trac ing Clure himself.' He paused, de bating whether he should tell her of his meeting with Clure in Africa, and his identification of him through the likeness. Loath, however, to pre judice her still more against him, he hat] -decided to keep silence, but re collecting that Clure was in England, and might at any moment appear to claim his wife, he changed his purpose and told her the whole story j tbpugh. almost wishing, when he «aw her alarm end discomposure, that.be had kept to his original reserve. j( ?, '??? : | : ;V Mona's alarm, however, was abt for betjself, but for Chrissje. How would the 3ews affect her, especially now ? And oh, if he should come -and have the right to take her away, what would they4ot .????.' f ? '???' J Oh, James, what will .we do ?' she cried again. 'I hope — yes 'Tllp~-&i; hope, she' is hot bis i wife, -and It's not cWimirig her he can be.' . . ', , ?Y6u are forgetting :li*t|V? M#4' said Kaneen; gently. K- li i\ i V, H i '. J jfehe started. 'I rierer thought. Oh, 1 it ^s dreadful all round. 'TB-it-aooKav. . oujtof it there will be f ? ~~--- ''-' ?f There is a way out of everything, mi cbres- if we wiJJ^WMthJald patience ;' bjit phe fjrst Mo g h&# _§epj fi^d. Clure «nd learfc fchVtrufcH ITlgo oner to Liverpool tomorrow,. .an_d try to1trace^&u;_Hut- it iajusfc Jbidwng q^iet you 'must'be, (DJ^rqueen, and say infe nothing till we kunm. -ft* vfrid 5 SSSSfflPwTS ilqefflb ' r 1'i't—— ? 1' III i y^il IM— jUWWXfl Mlin They had just emerged from an open space near one of the waterfalls, and Mona saw Frank and Chrissie coming out of a pathway upon the other side. They stood for a moment in silence, then, as the sound of childish laughter drew nearer, parted abruptly — she to join the children, he to walk moodily away in an opposite direction. CHAPTER X. OVER T1IK CLIFF. The eveuing had worn itself away at last,. Aud night had come with her pageantry of silver stars, To Hit upon the vacant throne of day.' But night had not brought sleep to the inmates of BalJagowan. In the quiet guest chamber Frank Bonaldson lay tossing in wakeful restlessness ; while in the low-ceiled parlour, lighted only by the moonbeams, Chrissie was making confession in Mona's patient ear. ' Oh, what will I do ! what will I do ! Was ever a girl so miserable and so wicked 1 For I love him, Mona ! Oh, what will I do ?' 1 It's nothing you can be doing, dar ling,' said Mona, twining her arms around the weeping girl ; ' you can only be praying and trying not to think about him. It is very, very sad, and I cannot help wishing you had been a little, just a little more careful. It is not a thought of harm there will be in your heart, dearie, but you are just a little too unguarded, and — and girlish for a married wooian.' ' I don't feel a bit like a married ?woman!' exclaimed Chrissie, fiercely, her tears suddenly quenched. ' I don't believe I am one ! Oh, if I only knew \ If ha were ? ' ' Hush !' said Mona, sternly. * It is just wicked you are now ! I will not be letting you talk and feel so. Come, it is late ; let us go to bed,' and rising she linked her arm in that of her cousin, and walked over to the window to clo&e; it against the night mists. As she did so something — she could not tell what — passed quickly across the path from behind a clump of fuchsias, and disappeared in the gathering dim ness. At tlio same moment Chrissie clutched her arm in a vice-lik% grasp, exclaiming — ' Mona, did you see ! It was Ber nard ! He has come from the grave to reproach me !' And with a shuddering cry she fell 6enseless upon the floor. Mona with difficulty suppressed an aasweWng cry. Not that iu this in stance she feared the dead ; it was the living sHe feared. Had the event which. flin-ce her lover's revelation, she had so dreaded really come to pass, and Bernard Clure appeared to claim his wifet But there was no time for thought, she roust minister to Chrissie's present need ; «nd hurrying from the room she returned with some restorative, and in a few minutes succeeded in bringing her back to consciousness, and finally persuaded her to retire to rest. But the fright, following upon the distress and the excitement of the day, proved to much for Chrissie's impressionable nature, and she continued in such a state of nervous terror and prostration that Mona, afraid to leave her, sat and watched the whole night through. Meanwhile poor Frank, wearying of his uneasy couch, rose with the light, and slipping quietly out of the house made for the shore, seeking distraction from his pain in the solemn quiet of the dawn. Taking the direction Mona had traversed oh a similiar errand, he walked quickly forward until he reached the pathway along the cliff from which she had watched the sun rise. ?' ? ' ? ' ? ''' ' : , ' ' The scene on this summer morning was almost identical. There lay the broad expanse of sea, with its tiny foam- crested waves end its golden path-. **j growing «ver brighter until lost in the crimson disc slowly appearing above the horizon. There' was the little , fishing^mack-— two, three of them-^-crossing tW' track) aud there 'the rocky Headlands and lonely moors. 'Nothing rwarfWantuog,f except *pirhaps ,fcht richer *uMnn 'coiobring.''- *? ?*? |«o encounter JaoaesTEaneen, who, al tion to tb« V*lt MAtr^fttdBL ' Ah, Ilonaldson !' he said, as they shook hands. * Come to my favourite spot, eh ? I suppose this is the last Manx sunrise you will be seeing for some time. I am sorry ; we will miss you., ' Yes ; I am sorry to go ; though,' bitterly, ' it would have been better for me and others if I' had never come !' And then, too unused to trouble to bear it in silence, the younger man told the elder how he had lost his iicart on the little island — lost it hope lessly, irrecoverably. And Kaneen listened and sympa thised and encouraged, as one whose own barque had almost foundered on the same troubled sea ; but who had cast anchor at last. ' And it is just so it may be proving with you, my boy — none of us can be knowing. But if not and you will be having to keep apart all your lives, I believe, with Longfellow, that a good honest love is never wasted ; j^E can not, expend itself upon its object, it strengthens and purifies the heart that holds it.' ' Yes, yes, that is true enough ; but»' with a ghost of his old smile, 'it does not make renunciation any the easier. If I only kn'EW 1 It is the uncertainty which makes this particular case all the harder. She may oe free now.' And, turning abruptly, he walked to the edge of the cliff, and stood looking moodily. Suddenly the expression of his face changed ; he leant eagerly for ward, peering into the depth beneath, then called excitedly to Kaneen — * Come here ! Quick ! What is that lying there, beside the large boul der?' Kaneen sprang to his side, and kneeling down gave one glance below. ' It is a man,' he said, starting back. ' He's fallen over ! The mist, it was thick last night for a few minutes; you couldn't see a yard. He may not be dead ; I thought I saw a movement. We'll be getting the boat ;' and jump ing up, ran along the beach and down the rocky track to the little core where the boat lay. Another minute, and they were pulling with a will towards the cliff ; and running her alongside a flat boulder they leaped ashore, and scrambling across the broken rocks came across the prostrate figure, lying heaped up as it had . fallen, one arm concealing the face. Kaueeu bent down and gently moved it. ' It isn't dead he is ; the body is quite warm. We must ? ' He stopped, his gaze transfixed a look of horrow growing on his face. ' How awful !' be muttered under under his breath. ' How awful !' ' What? Who is it f cried Frank, pressing forward ; then as his eyes fell upon the upturned face, he added in voluntarily, ? How beautitul !' It was beautiful. The clear-cut, regular features lying there in marble stillness, framed in by dark clustering hair. And as Kaneen gazed, he ceased to wonder at the fascination that fair false face had exercised. But Frank's exclamation recalled their conversation on the cliff, and with it. Ronaldson's aspiration to know whether the woman he loved was wife or widow. Grasp ing the young man's arm with one hand, and pointing, with the other to the crushed and senseless form, he said — 'There lies the answer to your heart's question. That is Bernard Clure V Frank recoiled asv if he bad been stung; his open, ingenuous face re flecting the horror which had been on that of Kaneen. '' 'God forgive me !' lie cried. ? '-I, never meant— I never asked for this 1* ' ' Of that I am . sure,', said Kaneen. 'It was the mist. He must have tracked Chrissie back to the island, at last, and lost his way. and 'fallen over. He may breathe a^few hours longer,' laying his hand /on ; tbp motionless wrist, wfiereiaTalnt pulsation WalHie not«d life. * Let as try if it is posiible J to get him into the boat Ah,' as %- deep groRi^ accompanied by an if pos sible more deathly pallor, followeti the attempt. ? 1, fear it isftyjo far gone he is; and I'venothing to revive turn.' ' \ 'Brandy!' exclaimed Prank ;' I'll igeVBone/andi* sprang back to the ? mpelled by Frank's strong anus, shut out into the open water. In a few minutes her keel grated upon the beach of the little cove ; and jumping out, Frank struggled up the ascent to the vicarage. Making his way round to the kitchen, in search of the maids who would be about by this time, he came face to face with Mona. She had left Chrissie asleep, and had come out to revive her weary frame in the fresh morning air. Mindful of Kaneen's caution, Frank hesitated a moment beforo replying to her surprised look and questions as to his evident disturbance. 4 I've been along the clifi,' he stam mored, ' and there is a poor fellow falllen over. There !' as Mona gave a startled cry , * I knew you would be upset ! I hoped you would not be about ; but we want some brandy, or — or anything, stammering again as j she caught her strange searching j glance. ' Kaneen is with him.' ' I will fetch something.' And turn ing, she re-e.ntered the house:, appear ing again almost directly with the few necessaries she could lay hold of in her haste. ' I am going with you,' she said, as he took the things from her. ' I may be of use.' He wou)d have remonstrated, but saw she was determined ; and think ing that, as she had never seea Chrissie's husband, she could not pos sibly recognise him, he desisted, and they sped quickly back to the boat. As the little vessel slipped in once more among the fragments of rock, Kaneen sprang up from his watch beside the injured man (just what that watch had been to him none ever knew), and hurried to them. ' My darling !' he exclaimed re- 1 proachfully. ? Why did you come ? You don't know what awaits you !' * I do,' she said ; ami though her eyes were sledfast he could feel her tretnhle as he lifted her ashore. 'It is Bernard Clure !' ' Mona !' and he turned sharply on Frank. ' No, Frank did not tell me. I knew. I saw him last night in the mist outside our window. And Chrissie saw him too. She has been ill ever since. Is he — can we save him ?' And pressing past Kaneen, she sped with quick, sure step over the slippery stones, and kneeling down, was about to rise the motionless head to her knee. The sight was too much for Kaneen. The hot blood flung up in his bronzed cheek, and springing to her side he caught her hand, exclaiming — 'Stop! It is not fit for touch of yours h« is ! You'll not be knowing half his blackness !' ' James !' And his passion died out at the majesty of her look. ? Is it you and I that will lie judging him? If it is black as night his sins are, then stilt more will we Iw trying to save him, if, per/iaps, the God will bring him to repeuteuce.' And gently raising his head, she forced some of the brandy between the pale lips, Kaneen, shamed And silenced, offering no further opposition. Slowly a tinge of colour crept back to the wan face, a trob of returning life stirred the almost motionless pulse and in a few moments Clure open his eyes. They fell upon Kaneen. With a start that wrung from him a cry of pain, he recognised him. 'You !' he muttered, 'Where — ani — I?' Then, another throb of pain pain brought full recollection, aud with it, apparently, $he fear that his hours were numbered; for, -wiA a rapid change of tone, he exclaimed— ',1 want — my— wife!', ' 'it A quick tremor in the arm that held him made him raise his eyes to Mona's pitying fate; but he d|d not know her— in the lapse of time she had been, forgotten, ' ? 'It is Chrissie jhef will ^he calling,' she said, looking up Ikf Kaneen. But the Jatter's quick eye , haji , marked,; a, change stealing, over .the.; upturned face, and bending down, he said in clear, distinct tones— : ?''_;: '?,'' ' Is it your, w jfe vAngIice you want f Another quick, startled movement, a. surprised gleam -in the fading eyes. ?Anglice*b«^^,3*af gyjng to recollect Anguce. 'No, Chnesie — my ?wife^r wafiVto-ii^' »« j m ;i \ t . ?* , . v.i -; i Them wnS'b' sharp; -conclusive more J ttent* ja contraction i ,«f the handsome. features, a startled appealing glance into the faces bending over him ; then ail was Btill. As he had Hvad, so he died, without sign or word to indicate a change. Alas ! with so many it is so. GodV offers of mercy are spurned again and again, until the dread summons comes, and the soul goes forth into that great Unknown — from whence none have returned V: tell us whether hope is to be found therein. A week passed, and another grave was added to those in the old church-yard ; but the headstone bore no devout hope, no loving inscription, only the name, 'Bernard Clure,' and the date of his death. The tragic circumstance connected with the event, and Chrissie's subse- j| quent illness, formed a nine day's wonder ; liien the excitement die out, and life in aud around the old vicarage fell once more into its usual groove. No, not that ; for a change* which all felt, had come over Chrissie. Her childish thoughtlessness and rest less pursuit of pleasure were gone; and in their place had arisen an. earnest desire and purpose to live for others, aud to become a better mother to her little daughter, a better wife — when the time came, which all thought of, though none mentioned — that Frank Ilonaldson should return to claim his bride. Long before that day arrived, how ever, there was a wedding at the vicarage. Mona; the sweet grave queen of the light circle, had trans ferred her gentle sceptre to another realm, and James Kaneen's faithful love had at length received its reward. THE END 