CHURCH OF EN J LAND SYNOD. On Monday evening the third session of the first triennial Synod of the Church of England in the Diocese of Adelaide was opened all St. Peter's Cathedral, when full choral service was held, and the Bishop of Adelaide (Right Rev. Dr. Kennion) delivered his pastoral address, which waa listened to with marked attention by the large number of clergy and laity present. He said— My Reverend Brethren and Brethran of the Laity— A change made in the order of tha pro ceedings with which cur Syuxl is opened gives me an opportunity of addressing you in tho House of God, as well as in the presence of other members of the Church. There are advantages in the adopted plan. In the first place, tho fact of the address being delivored in the Cathedral, aa indeed was customary in the Episcopate of my revered predecessor, although then in the morning hours of tha day, helps us to realize how entirely the value of our Synodal action is dependent upon our acting in accordance* with God's will in what wo Bay and do, aud helps to impress upon us the solemn responsibility of working in any sense for God and His Church, and the neces sity of our constant prayer for the assist ance and guidance of the Holy Gho3t. Tho business character of much of our Synodal work, tho necessary rapidity with which wo have to endeavour to accomplish it, and the very nature of the discussions that) take place, all combine, as is frequently the case in these days of conciliar action, to drivo from our ininds the recollection that it is to do tho Lord's work that we aro met together, and that it is in proportion as we realize His pre sence among us and strive to discharge our duties with the mind of Christ animating us, that our Synodal work will result in any true edification of the Church. To this aim tha solemn beauty of the service and the saored associations of the place seom to summon us. and in the second place, through our thus gathering in the Cathedral in the evening; and not only in the morning hours, it becomes possible for many Church peoplo besides the members of the Synod to be present, and this is a gain to us and to thorn. To us, for it helps us to realize their sympathy. To them, for it should help to kindle in them a greater esprit de corps. No one will doubt that what our Church people as a whole need j most is a sense that God has given them a groat heritage and a great trust. If their hearts but glowed with the sense of His indwelling Pre sence, if they but grasped what is involved in the idea of Churchmanahip in the belief that Christ has founded a kingdom, of which they are truly a branch and a part, then the luke warmness would give place to fervent zeal, the difficulties that attend our work would in no small measure disappear, and the Church would soon be felt to be a power in our land, regenerating it and making its life throb with noble impulses. Many changes have taken place affecting our Church life in this Diocese during the past year. But for the most part these will be spoken of in the statistical report I shall have to lay before Synod to-morrow. Some losses to the Church at large I must, however, at least allude to this evening. In the death of tho lamented Duke of Clarence the whole Empire has suffered a loss, and the whole Empire mournB with our Quean and with the afflicted parents, and with the bright and good Princess whom the Princo was about to lead to tho altar. It has become increasingly evident that the loss to the nation is a ioa' one, and that the character that was somewhat slowly shaping itself promised a very noblo maturity. Much, to my mind, unnecessary umbrage was taken by some person3 at) tho oharacter of the solemn memorial service held in this Cathedral Church. That fault should be found because the Queen's representative attended in a marked manner a memorial ser vice held in the Church of which the Prince was a zealous member, and to which tho Queen herself belongs, is an affectation of zeal for liberty which could only have been justified by that liberty of which the colonies boast being in any way infringed upon. Had the Princo belonged to somo other denomination it would have possibly been right for the Queen's representative to have attended a memorial service at) a Church of that denomi nation ; but to say that tho Governor of the colony in which there is no Established Church is not to be permitted as the Queen's represen tative to attend a memorial service for one of the Royal Princes, held in the Church of which the Prince was a member, and held, as in thh case, in the very building in Adelaido in which the lamented Prince worshipped when on his visit to tho colonies, is in itself an attempt to restrict liberty which cornea with ill grace from those who profess to be acting with a view to guard it from encroachments. Only last year I was speaking to you of the translation from the Bishopric of Peterborough to the Archbishopric of York of tho brilliant, sagacious, and able Dr. Magee. This year we have to mark our sense of the vory deep loss the Church has sustained in his death. He was but a few months Archbishop. Like a meteor he swept acioss the northern sky, &% ib was well said, but no sooner had men caught tho vision of brightness than it passed from them. No moro eloquent son of the Church or, I balieve I may say, of the State, has been known in our generation. Thi3 has at leasb been said of him by one of England's foreiiost statesmen. It was my privilege to hear in 18G9 his magnificent speech in the House of Lords on the disestablishment of the Irish Church. The scene was remarkable. The House was crowded. Friend and foe sat alike entranced with the extraordinary elo quence. At the close of the speech tho whole House rose and cheered him, and it was some time before the House could settle again to business. He has been succeeded ia the Archbishoprio by the well-known and much beloved Bishop of Lichfield, whose administra tion of his Diocese has been most wise and energetic, and whose rule as Archbishop will be, wo trust, much blessed to the whole Church. In the late Bishop of Carlisle, best known as Harvey Goodwin, tho Church and Chris tianity generally have lost a noUble cham pion. As a wise counsellor, a faithful friend, an earnest Churchman he has lefb many mourners. As one of tho foremost mathema ticians of the day ho had made his mark in wirning tho highest prizes Cambridge offered and in turning his knowledge to good account in the assistance of others. His life was a valuable evidence of the true harmony between religion and science. That ho should be specially invited to preach tho funoral sermon of Francis Darwin is an illustration worth tho remembering of tho fact that faith and science are not so in opposition as somo would regard them. Bishop Goodwin conse crated all his gifts to his Master's service, and by wise reasoning built up many souls in the faith, and both in his administration of his Dioceso and his work for tho Church at large he has left a gap not easily filled. The Church house in Westminster which he originated will ever be assocated with his name. For tho loss of Cardinal Manning and Mr. Spurgeon the whole Church is the poorer ; but the formor has left us a noble example of the eervice of God in the service of man, and tho latter has made many a mind all over the world stop and think about a future beyond the grave, and many a heart glow with the love of the Saviour whom he loved to proach. I am glad that at home at any rato a growing and true religious tolerance makes it possible to speak warmly of persons from whom religious differences may separate us. Such roligiou3 tolerance is in no sense to be mistaken for in differential!), or to be confounded with un denominationalistn. In opposition, indeed, to the latter, so far from ' sinking religious dif ferences,' as the phrase goes, it implies the holding firmly to one's own principles while learning to respect other peoplo for hold ing theirs; whereas tho undonominational ism of which one hears so much said, and which seems to have its re presentation in certain rather considerable modes of Christian work out here, 13 a very one-sided arrangement so far as Episcopalians are concerned. For the whole theory of the majority of non- Episcopalian denomina tions can be practically satisfied with the teaching given, say, in the Young Men's Christian Association ; whereas, to spoak only of ourselves, such teaching means tho whole surrender of those principles of the Divine Society which constitute the essence of our ohurchmanship and the practical acceptance of a now basis of religion in tho place of that) to which we hold. Bishop Philips Brooks once preached a very valuable sermon on religious tolerance, in which he vindicated its true pasi tion, pointing out that although the first firm religiousconvictions in a man might baevidenced by intolerance, yet as his spirituality deepened and the grip on truth grew firmer he would become more tolerant of others whose view of truth was different. Let us trust that this stage may speedily be reached in South Australia. The death of the Bishop of Goulburn— the second only of Australian Bishops whose body has been laid to rest in the Diocese they served — has removed from the bench of Bishops an earnest, God-fearing man of courtly manners, for whom we all had an affectionate regard, however much his views on ecclesi astical matters might differ from those of hit brother Bishops. With his widow we mast all feel, and I should like here to express, the deepest sympathy. We shall watch with interest the Bteps taken to fill the vacant See. During last year, too, we have loit from among us, and most deeply lament the late well-known intellectual and warm-hearted Bishop'* Vicar in the Cathedral Church, and more recently Incumbent of St. Cuthbert's, Prospect— Dr. Dendy. With his witty and ready understanding he was a true sympa thizer with those who turned to him for oounael or comfort, and his vigour and bright ness are muah missed. The standard of reTerenoe and order and b*raty in the services and maintenance of this Cathedral, whioh wa start to praetT*, is ia larger measure due oft the late Dr. Dendy than many persona ara aware of. I am thankful to have boon able to minister to him during the last hours of his life on earth. In our Synod roll of laymen gaps aro caused by the death of Mr. Moulden and Mr. C. B. Mitchell, and it was very interesting to notice how Mr. Moulden'a character mel lowed as the years passed by. For long he had been a member of Synod, and had taken in earlier days a prominent part in stormy dis cuwiona. In later years he took a larger viow of matters, and I believe the establishment of a dayschool at St. Bartholomew's was mainly his enterprise. In Mr. U. B. Mitchell also wo have lost a worthy and useful member of Synod. Genoral Synod. — Tho year just ended was marked by tho Quinquennial Session of the General Synod. If to us who live at; a distance from Sydney the I033 of time from our work here and the cost involved in its attendance seems considerable, yet undoubtedly the Church as a whole in Australia and Tasmania gains through the Synod being- hold. Ic helps us to realize our coherence* together, it enables us to strengthen one another's hands for our common work, it brings to the front our most capable men, and it emphasizes the fact that the truo unit in all Church work is tho Dioce.so and net tho parish. It was a remark of tho lato Mr. Gilmore (a man whom I could not but admire, though he said many things with which I could not agree) that tho Church of Epglnnd out here seemed to bu3y itself only with its own organizations. I have often pondered over it acd I think he was right, but 1 do not upon the whole think we aro wrong. For our organization carries with it far more than one outside it would suppose. It involves the harmonious working of our ecclesiastical machinery and the continuous extension of our work. It means the provision wherever our funds admit of (what we regard as) a duly qualified ministry, and therewith all the spiritual work and care for the sick and suffer ing, which undoubtedly accompany it. It thus tells more upon the real settlement of the country districts than is commonly recognised. In South Australia the Church of England may not be so much in possession as elsewhere, but yet from the lowest point of viow her influence is of distinct value to tho Stato in assisting to attach her people to the locality which forms their home. It is probably true that the Church of England is not to the fore in social movements in this colony. Bub I do not know that her work i3 the less valuable in consequence, and probably, on the principle ne sulor ultra crcpidam her duty and her wisdom is to be concerned with her own especial work. Should occasion arise for a new departure in her work, her present efforts will not have been found an unfitting preparation. So the fact that) the General Synod occupied itself chiefly with matters of organization is from our point of view not to be regretted. A noble sermon on tho boundless possibilities before us if we are only true to our mission was preached by tho Bishop of Tasmania. The Primate, too, rose to the occasion in his opening address. Some whose place is no longer among us wero sadly missed ; notable among these was the late Bishop of Newcastle, of whose health, however, we are thankful to hear encouraging reports. Some members of the Synod, however, have on this oooasion made their mark, and have shown themselves to bo men who can be depended upon to give weight and purpose to the deliberations of the Synod in which they share. Our own repre sentatives worthily maintained their re putation, and our Diocese, and, indeed, the whole Church is indebted to them. The 6ix determinations which were passed will bs laid before you for discussion, and I hope your acceptance. I do not now dwell upon them in detail, for that there will be oppor tunity afterwards. Yet, in outline at least, I must touch upon tho principles cuncerned in some of them. The first ano 13 on the thorny question of tho primacy. It fell to me to have somo share in the long deliberations which wero held on the subject. The motion of which I had given notice involved tho cessa tion of tho necessary connection of the Pri macy with the See of Sydney. As it happened, however, a motion of Archdeacon Coopor for a ccnimitteo to report during the current fession upon tho old determination which dealt with tho primacy took precedence of mine, and I had to serve upon and lay my views beforo the committee. The report which that committee brought up seemed to commend itself to nearly all tho representa tives, excepting those of the Diocese of Sydney. To satisfy them (thaugh I fear it did not) a finality clauso providing for the selection of tho Primato and Bishop of Sydney by certain responsible persons at home, should it be found impossible within a fixed time to obtain concurrent majorities of the Bishops and of the Sydnsy Election Committee, was abandoned. The determination now provides that the Bishops and the Diocese of Sydney, through its selected committee, shall havo an equal voice in the olection. Thus the interests of the Bishops in the choice of their Primate, as well as the interests of the Diocese of Sydney in the choice of their Bishop, aro preserved. The weak point in the arrangement is the want of some provision against an endless succession of fruitless nominations. But we must trasb to wiee counsels prevailing among the Sydney committee should such e tmmittee have to act. At any rate the proposed determination is a great improvement upon the existing one. I trust it may bo accepted in the Sydney Diocese ; thera is little doubt about its being accepted everywhere else. Other Dotei-ninations. — A determination providing amended rules for the trial of Bishops for certain offences was very ably carried throneh the General Synod by Canon Green. It is well that such rules should be carefully framed, and form part of our Consti tution, though we may well pray God that no occasion for their value being tested may ever arise. Determination VI., which lays down rules to provido for the case of a Bishop mentally incapable of administering his Diocese, has been framed in consequence of a Bad nroof we had of their need. No doubt the Dioceso will bo content to accopt both these last-named determinations, though the rules in each case should bo carefully examined beforo a vote is given. Determination IV., which you will be asked to accept, provides rules for the appoint.nent of Assistant^Bishops. It will be in your rr collection that Ia3t year in my Synodal address I brought under yoar notico a proposed canon of tho Ameri can Church dealing with this sub ject), and our determination is practically based upon that ennon. Two or three only of our number were aware of my object in bring ing this subject before you last year. I then had hopes, which it has pleased God should not be fulfilled, that my dear friend, Bishop Selwyn, forbidden as he was by medical advice to continue his noble work in Mela nesia, would havo been able, as ho was most willing to live in tho climate of South Aus tralia and share my work. Six months ago, however, I heard from him that tb.13 was con sidered by S'r James l'aget impossible. To many of you who now learn how nearlywe wero gaining the invaluable assistanco of one whom you all so rightly hold in high estima tion this will bo a disappointment, though vou will be thankful to know that improvement in Bishop Selwyn'a health has taken place. Some criticism has been occasionally made upon this determination. Why not divide tho over large Dioceses, and thu3 have an increase of Diocesan Bishops? Surely with now centres of administration there would come a quickening of tho spiritual life, both in tho part newly separated off and also, through the greater concentration of tha Bishop's work, in the part which remains. This is undoubtedly an enticing argument. But I bear in mind some wise words of counsel given by tho Archbishop of Canterbury in a sermon preached before tho Lambeth Con ference in 1SSS against multiplying weak centres. And I fear ib is just in these very Dioceses, which are most unwieldy in size, that the difficulty would be found of creating weak and not strong centres wero tho suggested divisions of Sees to be made. There would be, for instance, a prreab difficulty in retaining the clergy in such new Dioceses. There would be a continuous gravitation of them after a few years' service towards the larper and stronger centres of work, and thus upon the poorer Diocese would ba thrown the burden of continually having to provide new men, and that without tho hope of ulti mately retaining them. The arrangement in this determination would give all the op portunity of moro thorough Episcopal oversight of any one or moro portions of the Diocese and would lessen the frequent distant journeys of the Dioce3an, and so set him more free for work in the most thickly populated districts ; whilo at the same time tho various Diocesan funds would be as mu;h available as beforehand for the clerfry in the whole Diocese, and the power of moving them from work under very severo conditions to pleasanter spheres of duty would not ba terminated. I do not know that at presont the provision of an Aesistant Bishop for this Diocese Iie3 within the range of practical politics. But I think I may say that the work a Bishop of this Diocese could do would be more than doubled in value were such an Assistant Bishop found to work with him. A very important subject will also bo brought before you in a determination dealing with the proposed establishment of a College of Theology. We are indebted in chief measure to Canon Chalmers, of Melbourne, for the very carefully framed rules that have been accepted by the'General Synod. I say this is a very important subject, for we live in an age when old truths are rehabilitating themselves — an aire in which many persons whose religions opinions have been lightly formed ara receiving rude shocks which they too often find irre sistible. Men whose theological knowledge consists merely in a superficial smattering of theories gained here, or ill-arranged facts gathered then, an fonnd hardly capable of resisting the force of the stream of the oriti oiamiof the day; and w they havo to stand aside 8b it sweeps by then*} carrying down with it many of their flock. Such men, however earnest their lives or eloquent their language, are incapable of so grasping and presenting truth to the deepest thinkers among their peoplo as to convince them and uphold them amid the surging waved of doubt. To hold the old truths firmly and yet present them with the facets so turned that in the modern light they shall glow with unditnmed, nay, with increased effulgence, requires tho steady dis cipline of painstaking and thoughtful study. The clergy of the Church of England have the reputation of being the most learned in Chris tendom. I know not whether we in Australia can be said (as a whole) to maintain such a reputation, but gladly do I hail the proposals of this determination, as affording a stimulus to study, a standard to be aimed at, and an opportunity for many of our number of gradu ally working themselves to a theological position abreast of the questions of the day. The lasb of the determinations— the fifth in number— refers to the constitution of the ]-nard of Missions. One important feature m this is the appointment of an Organizing Secretary, whose duty it will ba to travel through Australia and Tasmania and endea vour to kindle a greater zeal than I fear at present exists on behalf of foreign missions. Your own intimateknowledgeof the gentleman who has received this appointment should make his work a pleasant one at least in this Dicceee. In soino respeols a few of the Aus tralian tDiocases (perhaps our own among the number) may be themselves regarded as Mis sionary Dioceses ; at least, we havo the con stant duty of ever ei.deavouring to enlarge our boiders and enter upon fresh fields of work. But the Diocese that do?s most for others is always the most bleseed in return, and the sympathy that is exercised towards the Melano.-ian, the New Guinea native, or our own aboriginals will bring its own reward in the quickened interest we shall havo in tho work of the whole of God's Church and in the L'Xtension of our Redeemer's kingdom. Other matters dealt with by the General Synoa. — The question of the expediency of re ducing the age of candidates for Deacons' Orders from twenty-three to twenty-ono waa remitted, you will remember, by yoarselve3 to the General Synod, and it fell to me to bring the matter forward. It was referred to a com mittee, which is to report to the next General Synod. There is a good deal to be said on both j sides of the question, in which expediency rather than principle is concerned. But I must honestly confess that the more I studied the subject, and as I listened to the arguments | brought against it, the less desirous did I feel | that any change should take place except in j the direction of lengthening the period re- 1 quired for] serving in the Diaconate. In what | was, perhaps, the ablest speech made during | the session Canon Chalmers brought forward, and in part carried resolutions ahirming that the ' terms of the oath of allegiance required to be taken at the consecration of Bishops and set forth in the ordinal are appropriate only to the relations of a Bishop to the Metropolitan of [lie own province,' &o.f; the gist of the resolu tion or series of resolutions being that the oath of allegiance to the Archbishop af Canterbury oight not co be taken by any Metropolitan in Australia or elsewhere an the ground that he is himself a Metro politan, nor by any other Bishops in Australia who ought to. take it to bheir own Metropolitan. Ihere can be no doubt the principle contended For is a right one, both on the ground of true Chutch order and also of common eeuse. For however attractive may ba the idea of a bond, thus affiliating colonial Churches to tho Prina tial See of the mother country, it remains an idea, and nothing more. There is no power of :omr-elling obedience, and the link baepmes a fictitious one ; and as such the sooner it is aban doned the better. Mere ornamental rigging in a ship becomes a eerioua encumbrance in a ?torm. I say this with every desire to keep up the closest connection with the Church at home. Such a policy is, I am sure, for reasons which last year I brought before you, a right one, but the union needs to bo maintained by other links than an oath of canonical obedience wlr'ch corld have no legal force. Suppose, for instance, our Primate, or other Bishop, who had taken the oath of allegience to Canterbury, were to be gui'ty of some extraordinary heresy, would it be through tha Archbishop of Canter bury's Court that proceedings would have to bo taken ''. It is plain that our own de tenninations of General Synod or the fundamental regulations of the Diocese would guide the course to be followed, and tho oath to Canterbury would, I think, renia-n a dead letter. In the discussion which took place there was a decided desire on the part of some that a Patriarchate of Canterbury should exist in reality, and indeed there is nuch to be said on behalf of it, for our relation :o the mother Church needs far clearer defini tion ; but nothing should be done which could Interfere with the autonomy of the Church in this group of provinces. A resolution was passed by which a select committee was appointed to carefully consider »nd report to the next session on the subjects of Church unity, or, to use a better known name, borne reunion. I am becoming increasingly convinced that the less this movement is forced )n the more suie it is to come about, and that, too, upon tho lines laid down by the lasG Lambeth Conference, of which you have fre inently heard. Undoubtedly to those who belong to bodies of Christians that have separated from the Church the crut iu the pro gramme is the necessary acceptance of the his toric Episcopate. On the ether three points —the creeds, the two sacraments instituted by our Blessed Lord, and tho canon rf Holy Scripture, there does not ippear to be any insurmountable diffi culty. Nor will there be eventually (so [ believe), however long a period may be required before the point is fully understood, my eo great difficulty as is now supposed on the momentous question of the Episcopate, i'ake, for instance, these words of the most prominent of modern Wesleyan Methodists, the Rev. Piice Hughes :— ' Personally I have no objection to an Episcopalian system. On the contary, I believe that history has demon strated that it is the best. I hold with Bishop Lightfcot that some foim of Espisco pacy was probably established before tho death of the Apostle John, and all through the igcs the Episcopal system has proved its effi ciency, especially for aggressive purpose.' Or study, for instance, an article in the Westminster llcvicw, a prominent Noncon Formist quarterly serial, on Bishop Lightfoot's great work on the Ignatian Epistles, and you cannot help noticing the changed tone which is to be observed among the less preju diced and more thoughtful non- Episcopalians iince that remarkable book was pub'i'hed. I do not, of course, venture to say that all de nominations will everywhere come to regard the question in the same manner as we do, or 3vei] to accept the most modified form of Episcopacj. i3ut as time goes on these will realize moro and more tho truth of the fa;-fc that ''unity' and 'catholicity' must form two of the notes of tho truo Church, and they ivi'l bo led to see how of old these 'notca'' ivere guarded, and to seok how thoy may now be recovered. I humbly venture to think that this must have been the reason why Bishop Liglitfoot— undoubtedly the chief of the Biblical commentators of our age — was induced to spend so many years of his life in eluci dating the true case as to the Ignatian Epistlca. But while those that have been vindicated as genuine establish beyond doubt tho recognised position of tho Bishop in tha sub-apostolic age, it is well to bear in mind the aspect of the Episcopacy which they present. It is as the guarantee of unity and order— that the Episcopate is insisted upon. It is not Episcopacy with twelfth-century ideas read iuto it; it is not Episcopacy with all the entourage of palatial residences. Still less is it the Episcopacy of the four horses and powdered tootmen character of a lately bygone age ; bub it is as the harp with the strings vi bra tine with the resonance of common prayer, common praise, and common counsel that the Bishop and his Presbyters and Deacons are represented; and who can say how great would be the victories of faith were such a unity to exist among English-speaking Christians? There are those who, combat ting any statement of Episcopacy being ' the historic ^backbone of the Church,' love rather to dwell on the fact that . there are gaps in the historical accounts especially in parts of the second cen tury, in which they say any theory of a continuous apostolio succession breaks down. But if (to borrow a metaphor which some one onco used) I can seo a railway track of given gauge enter a tunnel's mouth, and find the same gauge continued at the other end of it, it is a fair presumption that the rails have been continuous and the gauge uniform even where unseen in the tunnel — and the more does it appear a fair ground of reasoning if I can see a train enter the tunnel and continue to travel on the rails when emerging at the other end. The illustration points its own moral, and I need not press it further. Time under God's grace can alone heal the wounds which divi sions and separations have caused the Church. I deprecate haste, and above all I deprecate newspaper correspondence. Meanwhile prayer and study of the question, and, when the time is ripe, counsel, are our proper resort. Leaving now matters which came before the General Synod, I address myself to subject* which peculiarly concern ourselves. The first of these is the claim that has been made for the representation in Synod of mission incumbencies. I am sorry to gather from a memorandum which has been sent to me from one ot the Northern townships, and which was I see mho published in the daily Press, that considerable soreness of feeling prevails because some arrangement had not been made which would have given this and other townships the representation they de sired. Bnt the fact is that provision is made in our fundamental provisions for Um forma tion of any of oar mission dukriott into settled inenmbenciw and for their represtntir tion in Synod, only this has to be don* in ? oertftia ptwonbed modt. WbaMut it would be better to alter that mode or not is a question open to argument, aud 1 would gladly encourage argument upon a motiou duly brought forward. Last year, you will remem ber, we were placed in a somewhat awkward position by the pressure put upon us to accept a report, somewhat hastily drawn up, in order that a gentleman for whom I have the very highest regard and respect might take his Eeat as a duly qualified representative. The teport was not accepted, for the proper re quirements had not been fulfilled, and hence the feeling of soreness, which has been intensi fied by the Standing Committee subsequently expressing itself unable to accept a report (perhaps the same one) which was drawn up at a later period of the proceedings of tha last session. Now it has to be remembered that our districts or parishes fall into two or more gioups. There is first of all tho mission dis trict, which is the most rudimentary stage of our work, in which the clergy working am mainly dependent upon the grants ot ttio Bishops' Home Mission Society. Then, se condly, as tho work in tho district takes a, more permanent shape, and the places in it are served with regularity and aro able to con tribute a fixed amount to the stipend of their priest, a mission incumbency is formed aud tbe local contributions are supplemented by the Biphops' Home Mission Society. Up to this point the district is not entitled to representation in Synod, aud tho patronage in yirtuo of the district being still in the mission stage rests with the Iii3hop solely. But the third stage marks a change When the members of tho Church in the mission incumbency are able to provide a sufficient stipend for their clergyman, so that they need be no longer dependent upon tho Home Mission Society's funds, they can then apply to the Synod for due recognition, and if the amount of stipend is considered satis factory they can place themselves under the model trust [deed, elect, if they desire it, their own Patronage Committee, and send their representatives to Synod. They will then for fifteen years be placed upon thegrant in aid list, and bo thus enabled to accumulate for themselves an endowment whioh would be perpetually secured to their parish. We are naturally anxious to see our incumbencies reach the third stage, and almost the only in ducement to pass into it which we can offer them is tha promise of representation in Syr.od. If this is conceded at an earlier period I fear we shall have some incumbencies still lingering in the mission condition who ought to advance to a more ]-ermauent position. I hope I have made the matter clear. But ib is quite possible you may see faults in tho existing arrangement and desire to have them altered. By all means let us make all the im provements we can. But it is scarcely fair to find fault with the administration of the regu lations, because the regulations themselves do not in every case meet with approval. I have often thought, apropos to this subject, that a completely now division of our cures and a new nomenclature would be advisable, both with a view to simplifying arrangements and to holding out prospect of preferment to our clergy. Borrowing the name from America, and not from England, where ib connotes different ideas, I should like to see the term rectory employed for our moat important cureE, taking care that tho term should be used only for such cures as have ono aud nob more than one conseorated parish Clnneh, and are provided with parsonage (or rectory) and schools, and the income of which should exceed a defined figure ; then, next, all those cures which have passed from the mission stage, bub which either from their being formed of a group of Churches, or from their being unablo to raise the amount of required income, oannot be termed rectories, should havo tho naino of incumbency restricted to them. The name of ineumbent, althoufih hardly euphonious, is at least honourable. Qui incumbit opcri is I su) pose its meaning. Perhaps the use of tho words vicar and vicarages might be preferred. Then mitsion districts, served by mission priests, and assisted by the 13. H.M.S., would be a third clear division of work, pnd from these the mission priests would look for promotion to the incumbency or vicarage, and subse quently to the rectory. I would also gladly see, if it commends itself to you, a chaugo in our system of patronage. Perhaps it 'musb necessarily remain with the Bishop to appoint to any work \\\ hich is in the mission stage-^but for all ordinary cures of souls, excepting such as are under somo trust deed which is unalterable, I thould gladly see a Patronage Committee formed of the fol lowing pattern (I learned the principle of it in Ireland): — That at each Synod a small Board of Patrons not exceeding a»y five should be elected, and that at every Easter Vestry a similar number should be elected for each parieh to bo brought under the operation of the Board ; and that in the case of a vacancy that the ten persons ait together, or an equivalent number representing each interest, and the Bishop to preside. 1 think in this way you would have a guarantee that the most suitable man would be appointed, and not merely the man who happens 'to be locally known but by no means tho bobt to appoint. Akin to these last-named subjects is that of our Church of England Endowment Society. It lias been discussed in previous sessions of Synod almost ad nauseam. Now tho lon-r- talked-of Act of Parliament has been obtained, and it rests with us Churchmen by our actions rather than by our words to give this valuable Society an impetus and a vitality thab shall make its usefulness felt everywhere. I think its principles of operation are admirable. It helps extremely liberally those parishes which help themselves. Bub you know that by the Acb there must be at least thirty subscribing members to enable the subscribers to elect their Director on the Board, and that a meeting should be held in May each year to promote and make public the work of the Board. I sincerely trust you will endeavour to support the Board at this important era in its history with some zeal. Ib will make a'1 tho difference, I believe, to its future success if at the pre sent time it receives general support. Our Board of Education will lay before you a highly satisfactory report of its work in the lest year. Its expected fall through the intro duction of free education has been turned into its very (by some) unexpected rise. There can be little doubt, 1 think, that we have now an opportunity if wo havo tho courage to seize it, of making a distinct advance in the number and wellbeing of our Church of England day schcols. As time has passed by I must confess I had become less and less hopeful about tho introduction of religious teaching into our S'.ato schools; and still less hopeful that our State school teachers would nceive any suitable training for imparting rtli&Ious; knowledge, or that there would be any guarantee of their being the right persona to impart it. The analogy of the English Board School system breaks down in two im portant particulars. It has to be remembered that side by side with the Board schools stands a more important factor in the primary educa tion in England. For while in the year 1890 (tho last for which I have returns) there were on the registers of the Board schools 1,892,317 scholaia ; thero were on the register of the Church of England or National schools 2,171,120; besides these there are also in tha British and Foreign Societies' schools 330,5?0 scholars, in the Wesleyan 174,939, in tho Roman Catholic 250,594, all of whom were receiving regular religious education. To compete with these (a striking evidence of tho real desire of the majority of the parents) tho School Boards are practically obliged to give such religiou?] instruction as the Educa tion Act permits. Close tho Church and other voluntary dayechools in Eng land, and I believe tho result would be much the same as it has been here, viz., that the Board schools having no comnetitors would cease to be places where any religious instruc tion would be given. Here, by the formation of our Church schools— heavily handicapped as we are by the Free Education Act and our receiving no grant in aid of our work — we are still doing something to prove that tho parents desire religious education ; but until our system is very largely developed we cannot expect it to have any effeot on tho State system. Tho other point in which the analogy fails is that nearly all the Training Colleges for teachers in England have been founded by religious bodies, mostly by the Church of England. As the Board school teachers in nearly e\ery case have passed through these, in which religious instruction and tho art of giving ib form a inosb importaub part of the curricu lum, they are as a rule proper per sons to be entrusted with the saored duty of giving religious teaching to children. Here, of course, at present there is no such preparation for State echool teachers. It is plain enough, therefore, that if we want our children taught upon a religious basis of education we must do the work for ourselves. The Roman Catholics— all honour to them for it— do this, and we ought to bo ready to make equal personal sacrifices. Most ear nestly, therefore, do I call upon my fellow Churchmen to stand together with me at thia important juncture, and do their best to pro mote our Church dayschools, and thus secure religious education for some, at any rate, of our children. I have received, I dare say in common with many of you, a circular inviting me to become a member of an Anti-gambling League. I am quite at one with those who desire to check the vastly increased spirit of gambling. A valu able report upon the subject presented by tha Northern Convocation cf England, based upon evidence gathered from the clergy, the Mayors of large towns, the chief constables, and Governors of gaols, shows that in England it is increasing to a somewhat alarming extent. It is clear that in a very large number of cases it has btcome a source of crime, and it is equally dear that it produces a serious loss of moral tone. In England it is said to be the ruin of many English sports. From what I am in formed here I am inclined to believe that since the introduction of the totalizator the habitof gambling among both men and boys baa largely iacre*wd. But I am by bo maani with the promoters of this League in thinking that they aro taking a wise step in forming it. Gambling is not the only serious evil, and picture to yourselves the misery of life if a League were to be formed for tho suppression of each form of vice that one would gladly seo suppressed. The multitude of Leagues to which one would have to bo attached in order to be regarded as a respected member of society would bo so great that there would ba a positive risk of some hypocrite (who could hardly be suppressed by even an Anti- hypocritical League) joining iu all save tho one that hindered him from bis favourite indulgence, and compounding for his neglect to join that one by exhibiting the number of badges of tho Leagues to which he belonged. No, surely the right way to overcome the evil is to teach and to do tho good. Teach men their property is a trust from God, and they havo no right to squander it when eo much needs to be dono with it. Teach men more of the Royal law— ' to love their neighbours as themEelvev' and that to get the advantage of your neighbours by sharp dealing, whether on tho racecourse, the stock exchange, or behind the counter of a country store, is equally a broach of thab law. Teach men that a nobler excitement than that of the hope of gain through the 'purchase of chances' may be found in the unselfish desire to do some good for those who need it Toach boys and men that in manly sports the honour of the old laurel wreath, or even the modern medal, is more to bo desired than the stakes or tho gate-money. Teach men above all, whether they work or whether they play, or whatsoever they do, to do all to the glory of God, and you will have douo far more to check the evil spirit of gambling than by the forma tion of any Y.M.C. A. League, which would, I fear, only include those who have no disposi tion towards the evil it is formed to check. 1 have too Iodr trespassed on your time. I close with but a remark or two on the progress of the building of tho Cathedral. If this woro to be considered as leas than a Diocesan object I should not mention it, but you all havo, or should have, your interest in it. That funds aro needed for tho completion goes without saying. There have been no great additions to our Building Fund this year, and we aro very far from having enough promised to us to enable the roof to bo reached. It would not be n suitable time to ask for very large contribu tions, but I am inviting a golden offering from as many persons as possible to be made on, or in tho octave of, St. Peter's Day, Juno 29. I think I may fairly ask thab such an offering may be sent from every parish. Indeed, it would not be much to ask tho same from every township and Church Sunday- school. I venture to mako this request, I hope you will give effect to it. The Cathedral of the Dioceso should be the model and the evidence of our worship. Its erection is valueless if it be not for tho glory of God, but if ib be to S6b forth His name and praise ; if it ba the outward ex pression of the genuine homage of our hearts : if ib be the centre and Bphero of our united worship, then surely ib is due from us that we each give of our best, content to make a sacrifice that thereby we may tho better glorify our Father which is in Heaven. To-nighb, however, our offertory is for another purpose. You aro asked to look wider afield. You are asked to assist our brother church men in Brisbane in their great undertaking of establishing another Diocese in Australia. Let us cheer their hearts by some tangible proof of our sympathy. We sha^l outjelves ba twice blessed by giving— blessed in the fact thab we are doing what is moat practicable in tho extension of the work of the Church, and blesttd in the increased interest with which, when talcing a larger outlook into the giowth of tho Church outside our colony, we shall address ourselves to our own work in tho Syncd, and on behalf of our own Diocese. In that work may God grant us each and all the guidance of the Holy Ghost. May He grant us patience, diligence, and an unfailing faith ; and so far as ib may tend to the increaso of His glory may He prosper our handiwork. An offertory was afterwards made, wh'ch will be devoted to the Endowment Fund of tho now Bishopric of Rockhampton, Queensland. To-day the Synod will meet for tho transaction of business. 