General News. Harvest Festival at St. John's Church to- morrow.-The Rev. Mr. Seymour will preach. Entertainment at the Divisional Hall on Monday evening by the Rev. Mr. Seymour, Subject-"Marley's Ghost." The Chamber of Commerce meeting called for yesterday afternoon lapsed for want of a quorum, no one but Mr. Sturt and Mr. Ber- thon attending. Underwood, who was to stand his trial for the murder of an aboriginal at his Beche-de mer Station, has been released, no true bill having been filed against him. Mr. Weston, conductor of the Cairns Liedertafel, has been appointed organist to the Cathedral at Townsville. There were a large number of applicants for the post. The Government Savings Bank returns for the month of August, show an increase of £8600 in the amount to the credit of deposi- tor, and an increase of 342 in the number of accounts. It appears that the late Mr. MacDonald, who was recently reported to have be- queathed £7000 to the Croydon Hospital, in reality left the whole of his estate to that institution. The legacy will be worth some- thing over £10,000. A correspondent calls our attention to the remarkable likeness that exists between "Subscriber's" letter published in our last issue and a leader in Reynolds' Newspaper. Two souls with but a single thought, two hearts that burnt as one we suppose. The Salvation Army will hold a special meeting at Kuranda on Tuesday evening, this being the first outside meeting under the regime of the lady conductorship. The army will hold a series of similar meetings in the surrounding district. Mr. Joe Clarke, the well-known taxider- mist of Cairns, is at present in Townsville delivering orders. He also took with him on spec several magnificent cases of stuffed birds, which for artistic handling can com- pete with anything prepared in the South. We have received from the author, Mr. Theodore Napier, a copy of " Scotland's Demand for Home Rule," which purports to be an appeal to Scotsmen in Australia. The pamphlet is published by M. L. Hutch- iuson, 305 Little Collins-street, Melbourne. Price, Sixpence. The Sydney Bulletin in its issue of the 3rd September gives a hint with regard to the personality of the syndicate proposing to construct the 350 miles Land- Grant Railway between Croydon and Granite Creek. We like the men hinted at and hope the Bulletin's guess may be a good one. Mrs. Tom Thomas of the Mulgrave Road is finding her venture in the manufacture of sauces, jams, pickles &c.;, most successful, and it is more than probable she will start a factory on a large scale at an early date. In the meantime a canning machine has beer ordered from the South. Mr. Herman Selig, Mayor of Herberton, passed through Cairns during the week on his way South for a holiday trip. He is of the opinion that with the Cairns line ex- tended to Carrington all fair demands of Herberton for railway communication would be met-for the present. A Chinese funeral largely attended by the friends of the deceased Quon Tim, was solemnized on Wednesday by the Rev. O. E. Hill, the English Christian service being fol- lowed by a supplementary one according to the rites of the Orientals. The deceased was a naturalized British subject, and was the owner of one of the best selections over the range, on the Kuranda road. He was much thought of by his countrymen. In another column, under the heading "The N. Q. Aboriginal Mission." will be found the Rev. Canon White's apology for the Rev. Mr. Gribble. We publish it with pleasure out of common fairness to the latter gentleman ; at the same time as the state ment is purely ex parte, and as articles in the Cairns Post cannot be considered anony- mous, a. more extended notice will be pub- lished in the Cairns Post at an early date. A Croydon telegram says :-" A special wire is published in Golden Age extra to-day, to the effect that a contract would be laid on the table of the House during the week for building a railway on the Land-Grant system between Croydon and Granite Creek, a distance of 350 miles. A syndicate already in Brisbane is prepared to go on with the work immediately, and will put down a substantial deposit as proof of bona fides. The line will be completed in eighteen months. The news has caused a good deal of excitement here and business people express great satisfac- tion at the step being taken to provide rail- way accommodation. The Corvette Rapid left Cairns yesterday for Cooktown after an 11 days stay here. She will coal at Cooktown and leaves that p.n for the Solomon Islands on the 16th ins: On Thursday afternoon Capt. Kelham and few citizens again travelled over the cours of the Inlet in the steam launch, going roun the Western channel, through to Swallow' wharf, and then on to Edithvale. We undei siand that Capt. Kelham was much as tonished at the wonderful sheet of water ex tending for 7 miles with a good depth, an ¡ was very favourably impressed with th j capabilities of the harbour in general. Wit regard to the crew of the Rapid, both th sailors and marines, it is only fair to stat that a nicer, more respectable and order) set of men never visited this port. Th officers should feel proud of them. As a sample of the excellent class of me i Cairns can boast of in its police force tl following incident may fairly be quotei During the stay of H.M.S. Rapid in our poi three of the men got fogged by the clocks i the town, which generally agree to differ h a yard or two of time, and as a consequem they did not turn up to time in aecordam with the ship's regulations. In such casi warrants are issued and rewards named, au the duty of arresting the missing men is ei trusted to the police. There was £7 wort of men missing, but the men] were quick] f^ujd_and sent_onJ>pard by Sergeant Wah wards come out of the men's pmy bot-'u -e tl police officers declined the money. Th: action of the police not only testified to th excellent behaviour of the men arrested, bu to the downright good feeling of Sergear Walsh ani Constable O'Callaghan. Wail on the subject we maj- mention that Cot stable McKiernau bas been awarded JE5 b the Government for bravery exhibited ï arresting the arme 1 Cingalese burglar, wh had broken into Messrs. G. R. Mayers & Co store in Cairns. The usual monthly meeting of the Cairns Benevolent Society was held in the Council Chambers on Thursday last. Present-Mes- dames Forbes (chair). Sturt,Hides, Milford, Smith, Bunting, Hill (treas), and Fearnley (sec). The minutes of the last meeting were read and confirmed, also outward and inward correspondence. The following were the accounts passed :-Fares for Holmes family to Townsville, and Lally children to Rock- hampton, £7 138, Miss Toohey, care of youngest Lally child, JÊ2; Mrs Scanlon, board £% 13s ; Mrs. Long, nursing £3 5s ; P. Lennon, £3 ls Od; Burns, Philp & Co., -£113s Cd ; W. P. Redden, £110s 5d ; Byrnes Bros. £2 ls. A letter was read from the Under Colonial Secretary re Endowment Fund. Mrs. Forbes reported placing three children in Rot-khampton Orphanage, the ladies of the Society helping to make good clothes for same, and they were sent down in the care of a suitable person. It was decided to give no more relief in a certain case as the person had daughters who ought to be in service. Another application for relief was held over. The meeting then closed with a vote of thanks to the president. Some first-rate specimens from the reef on the Upper Mulgrave known as Andrew Jatnieson's, now the property of Munro and party, are on view at Hides' Hotel. They average 8 to 10 ounces of gold to the ton, and we understand steps are being taken to form a company to place the necessary plant on the field to thoroughly test what gives every promise of being a valuable property. The Commercial Hotel, Abbott street, well known in the old days when Mr. John Khodes was the popular proprietor, has come to the front again with a smiling face caused by paint and general redecoration. Mr. Andrew Banning applies for a license at the next court. One way and another we under- stand Mr. Bauning has invested -£>00 lu judicious alterations and improvements. A return cricket match between the Rapid ! players and the Cairns team was played on j the Norman Park wicket on Wednesday afternoon and another very pleasant time spent. The drum and fife band again dis- coursed some splendid music, and a sprink- ling of ou-ioukers wtre present. Berthon was the top scorer with 14, that player -Uso being first in the previous match with 19. The only other players who secured double figures in the first match were Nicholas 17. and Bushell 15. In the return m itch Bushell made 12. Kor the liapid team Brooks and Allen with 12 and 13 were top scorers. In the returu match Dr. Sparrow made 12 not out. Walsh and Horsfall were the bowlers for Cairns and Dr. Sparrow and Davis for the Kapid. 