OUR HOBART LETTER. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) The hon. member for North Launccston fairly electrified the Attorney-General on Friday last when he moved-" That he be laid upon the table of the House." The ex-Attorney-General, who was only too anxious TO SMITE HIS SUCCESSOR on the thigh, seconded the motion with an alacrity that was positively refreshing to behold. The peals of laughter from hon. members fairly made the walls of the Chamber re-echo again, and it was not until the mirth had subsided, and a bosom friend of Mr Sutton quietly whispered in his ear that the PRINTER IIAD MADE A MISTAKE, that the stately ex-Mayor of Launceston managed to screw up his presence of mind and mutter in accents sweet and low that he was afraid he had made a mistake. The House sniggered,and the Attorney-General, who had worn a ghastly smile since the moving of the motion, professed himself satisfied. Of course, the House as a body had no wish to see the head of the Crown Law Department spread-eagled on the committee table, and after some playful allusions as to the want of delicacy exhi bited by North Launceston the matter, fortunately, dropped. It was, however, asked if the motion were carried in the affirmative who would "LTY MIR LEWIS OUT? ' and the House was convulsed when a wit proposed that the duty should devolve upon the ex-Mayor of Goose-green-gully Flat, as Mr Sutton was named when visit ing the Federal Convention of '91 in search of the Mayor of Bondi. The teetotal advocatesafter yearsof weary struggling have at last obtained a majority at the City Council board, and if they only use their power wisely and well they will accomplish a reform which will receive the strong support of all right-thinking and law-abiding citizens. It is urged in sup port of public-houses that they are USEFUL. ESTABLISHIIENTS, AND INDISPEN SABLE in a commercial country. This may be true or it may not, and, after all, it is a mere matter of opinion. )But whilst one admits their utility, it is to be borne in mind that those establishments should be conducted in a creditable manner. In this city as well as others there are licensed houses which are not conducted in con formity with the present liquor laws, and, like a lucifer match in a gale of wind, these establishments willbe extinguished unless they keep their houses in the order in which they should bo kept. The licensees of the various city pubs., as I pointed out in a former letter, are having anything but a gay time of it in the matter of business, and their drcoping spirits are anything but cheered by the hints they have received since the new regime hes skipped into power that past irregularities will have to be stopped and a more rigid observance of the closure section adopted in the future. There are those in our midst, however, who anticipate an INTMPXIIATS TEMPsRAACx CRSiADE, headed by the now Mayor, whose facts and Igures have been strangely at fault when he has rushed into the fight upon previous occasions. It must never be forgotten that the publican's calling is acknowledged by the stage and regulated by law, and that so long as he keeps within the law it is manifebtly unfair to make him a target for fanatical abuse. The licensed victuallers, as a body, are a respectable class, though, of course, there are black sheep among them just as there are in all professions. trades, and callings. If the new Council enters upon a drastic and unreasonable crusade, backed up by violent speeches and still more violent articles, little good will be the effected,and astrongreactionwill set in favourable to "publicans and sinners." The metropolitan drainage fad has fairly sent some people off their heads, and the very mention of a sewage farm in Mr IMault's report has caused a number of individuals who would be better employed improving the state of their own house drainage, to sit down and ponder how the best interests of the community can be served in the shape of ESTABLISHING A SEWAGE FARM. These amateur sanitary engineers, for they cannot be designated anything else, don't suggest where the sewage farm of the future should be located; in fact it could be very safely concluded that if they were asked they would not be able to answer the question. They have had, however, sufficient assurance to prophesy the crops that could be obtained from the sewage deposits if the right seed is only put in at the proper time of the year. According to themselves their AGnICULTURAL MOON IS TIPPED with gold, and one amateur sewage man, who barely knows turnips from clover, draws a vivid wotd picture of the sewage farm three months after initiation, being covered with flowering crops, over which the little busy bee was humming atuneall day. As a very practical agriculturist put it the other day, people like these should try to teach their grandmothers to suck eggs, and if ever they do manage to acquire an estate, if it is only a sewage farm, they should trim their shepherds with golden lace, gild the horns of their cattle, wrap their lambs in swaddling clothes, and start a donkey farm in a carrot paddock on co operative principles. The Inebriate Hospital Bill has passed through both Houses, and the next ques-' tion to be solved is where are those who commit a breach of its sections to be incar cerated. The Chief Secretary says the cells of the Hobart General Hospital. This d.termination has fallen on the honorary medical oicers of the board LIE! A BOLT FROM TXH DLU'E, and they have denounced Mr Douglas in pretty strong terms for his presuming to select the inside of their institution for the reception of those unfortunate beings who at intervals lose control of themselves. Of course there are cells of a kind for the treatment of inebriates in the General Hospital, but the same treatment that could be obtained in a properly equipped inebriates' home cannot be administered in the small poky places in the General Hospital yard. Something more will be heard of the matter, and pending this I will defer any further lucubrations on the subject until my next letter. By the way, talking of the General Hospital, quite a discovery was made in the cellars the other day. There was a general turning out of odds and onan, Ow f ro what a.aper or grocer would call stocktaking. Amongst other things a large number of packages of drugs that had been accumu lating for oever so many years was brought to light. A chemist was sent for to appraise the find, and he totted the figures up at a decently large sum, provided the drugs were what one of the hospital officials desig nated them. " UP TO NICK." None of the medical members of the board were so incautious as to say they were " up to nick," and expressed surprise at their being allowed to accumulate. An inquisitive member of the board asked if the stimulant store had been found to accumulate, and received such a brusque reply in the negative from the chairman that he did not follow up his question. What the board will do with their find has not yet transpired. This is not the only" find" that has taken plce lately, for has it not been reported throughout the press of the colony that away down, hidden in the inmost recesses of that prison-looking house-the Office of Stores-have been discovered some bales of real Imperial " cut aweys" of the canary colour and broad-arrow brand. The clothing has been unearthed and under gone A DYEING PREPARATION, in order, it is said, to meet the financial exigencies of the state. Surely the Treasury coffers must be hard squeezed when a vote for prisoners' clothing cannot pass the auditor, and when Government officials are instructed to look well under ground for any spare remnants that might aid us out of our difficulties. In this year of Tas manian wonders Evandale's chosen should be engaged by the leader of the Opposition to dig deep amongst the Government build ings and see if he could discover the whereabouts of his (Mr Bird's) policy, which, like Nancy, according to Evandale, has gone. A capital tale is now going the rounds, which should be read and cherished up by those who are inclined to play the ghost, and are sufficiently well educated to be able to read. A ghost it is reported was seen in the neighbourhood of Trinity burial ground, the sudden appearance of which caused FRIGHT AND ANNOYANCE to lonely pedestrians. His ghostship was warned that if he persisted in his wicked tomfoolery extreme measures would be taken against him, but nothing daunted, he made his appearance in a neighbouring garden, and was shot at by a resident. Nothing further is known, as the ghost has not been seen since, but if any family this week received home one of its members suffering from the effects of a full charge of dust shot, they will know how to account for the fact, and will oblige by leaving information at the police station. There was a remarkable change in the manner of conducting the business of the Council during the session just closed. The present Chief Secretary is the very anti- type of his predecessor. If the can possibly convey his meaning adequately in two words he will not use three. More. over, he CALLS A SPADE A SPADE, and speaks in prose. MIembers in the Council were not asked to listen to the im passioned oratory of Mr Fysh, which in bygone days rolled over their heads like the thunder of Demosthenes, and they did not appear to hanker after it. In fact, the transition was much to their taste. But the blandishments of the lanto chief are not forgotten. His histrionic powers and the half-poetic structure of his language are as firmly impressed upon the memory of each member as the tragic story of the restless shade of the King of Denmark upon that of Hamlet. Mr Fysh revelled in verbosity'; he did not stoop to a fragmentary illustration of facts, and his soaring imagination produced astonishing effects. If ho described a building, his hearers in fancy stood beneath the SHIADOW OF THE PkRTHnNON, and gazed at the figures which Phideas taught to look so beautiful; if he wanted a railway, and spoke of the route, they heard rythmic music as the hon. gentle man gracefully waved his hand and des canted upon glorioas scenery, wonderful groves, fairy bowers, plantations, and milk and honey. But all that has been changed, and the change has had some effect upon the hen. member himself. When Mr Douglas informed the House, as he did in effect, that their own sense ought to tell them all about the Treasury bills, and it was there fore not necessary for him to say anything about them in moving the second reading of the bill, Mr Fysh was startled. "What, no more ?" he asked. Surely you will ex plain." But the veteran looked at his political opponent for a few seconds, as only he can look, and sat down, saying, as he did so, " I move the second reading of this bill." Iverybody else laughed at this cavalier treatment of Mr Fysh, who thereupon rose and MAD HIS GROrWL. He wanted the items explained in chrono logical sequence-the references of the Chief Secretary were too light and furtive -a mere superficial outline was not enough; it was unreasonable to suppose that a dim, shadowy indication of facts would satisfy himn. "But there's no story to tell, "remarked the irrepressible Rooke. "No story to tell," retaliated the aggrieved one; and then followed a criticism of the bill-wordy and solemn-not a word of which was meant, and which did not make the slightest im pression on Mr Douglas, who simply stared, smiled, and passed his fingers through his curls. This is only a single instance. But there is a quaint humorousness in the old war rior which "goes down " well. "The Chief Secretary will, I know, do so-and-so," says Mr Fysh. But the Chief Secretary is not in the least degree plastic, and he simply replies, " Will he ?" or " I won't," and the odds during the session were HOUR co ONE ON DOUGLAS. In nine cases out of ton he bma gained his point, and if not he chuckled and invari ably refused to ask for a division, as much nas to say, "My troubles." This has been the state of things throughout, and one effect has been to shorten business, which perhaps would not have been ended so soon under the old regimme. Dec. 15. 