HOW SHALL V/.-: OF.CIDE THIS Gl.ESIION V NuW, \v 111( 11 is tho woi'sc— - ti< huw- ti< > appetite lor y<>ur dinner, or to have no dinnci lor your appetite l'hcre arc lots of people ou the one side or the other of this quc^ion. WMCU " I;r,nd digestion waits on appetite and health on both." that is the ideal altitude of a pbrson towards his meals. But most of us arc not blessed in that way ; wc either have too much food without an appetite, or a vigorous appelito without enough to smisiy it. Ditl'eront folk will answer this question differently, vol the common sense of it is that, within reasonable limits, it is better to have an appetite without a dinner, because, short of the siarvalion-line, a huntrry man is a healthy man , whereas a man vviio "'i„'ht to cal and doesn't leel like catinc, sland-, ill need ol " alter.u ions and lvpnii.-.."' lo dl.islnt,lu. Wo lueeutiy received a communication in which the wider sajs, " I was afraid to eat." I Mil lie fancy Ins food was poisoned, or did his nature reiici against thei nourishment he lived on I 1£ the latter, why I 1-el hun clear the mystery himself. He says, " In Ihe year 1SJ.L) 1 changed my work Irani railway porter to signalman. I had been signalman twelve months, and liieu all at once, so to speak, 1 did not feel myself. My mouth tasted bad, si that ordinary articles of diet seemed to lose their llavour; the palate to put it in that way, appeared to have nothing to say to them. One thing was ike another, and none was good. My tongue was coated and furred, with a dark line down the middle and yellow fur round it. My bieath was oll'ensive and my appetite poor, with pains through the chest and shoulders, which were always right before 1 had eaten anything. Then I was greatly troubled with wind. It. would gathet so it fell like a ball in my throat, and act as if it would choke inc." Wc cannot wonder that under these circumstancesour friend failed to do justice to his rneaK He adds that there was what he calls a pricking sensation" at his heart, as though it were touched with some sharp instrument. Then, again, at times he was attacked with spasms, the agony of which was so severe that the sweat rolled .oil hiiu. " 1 dreaded,' he says, the thought of eating, and many a scanty meal have I made, for I was afraid to eat." " After a time 1 got into a low, weak, nervous condition, and felt miserable, as if something was going to happen, and this caused me to lose a good deal of sleep." What lie means by the fear of "something going to happen " is, of course, the l'car of some calamity, such as the loss of his position, his own death, or the death of somebody dear to him. This was due, as he intimates, to the impoverished state of his blood (the life bearer), his unstrung nerves, and to the brain enfeebled by lack of nourishment. The nighl of this form of illness is always full of ghosts and goblins, the creatures of a restless and uugovurnud imagination. " With great ditliculty," ho says, •' L stuck lo my work' for I had a wife and family depending ou me. So I struggled on, but what I sulfered for over two years is past my powers of description. 1 am sure no one has Buffered so much as I have done." In the latter statement lie is undoubtedly wrong. One's own pain is one's own, and is always harder to bear than is one's notion of his neighbors pain. l'hcre is a countless multitude who are all the while going through the same wietched experience, only we dont happen to come in touch with them Well, the writer finally mentions that after all medical treatment had left him where it found him lie chanced to read iu a book of a case exactly like his own haviug 'been cured by Mother Seigel's Syrup. " My wife," he says, got me a bottle at Mr. Langstall's, in Wo'xllesford, and after using its contents the ailment left me aud has never returned since that fortunate day, 1 should like the whole world to know what il did for me. 1 have been employed by the Midland Railway Company for eleven years. (Signed) GKOK<;K HUNT, Carr Bottom Road, "Appcrley Bridge, near Leeds." We publish this by Mr. Hunt's desire, in order that part of the world at least may know how thankful he is arid lor what reason. 