Kapunda Coursing Meeting. [By our Special Reporter.] The annual meet of the Kapunda Coursing Club commenced on June 28 on Mr. H. Dutton's Anlaby estate, in the pr[?]nce of three or four hundred spectators. The weather was very cold, aad tain donds wore • thrnnion ing aspects, bat fortunately for those present the rain kept off, although it appeals to be badly wanted in that part of the country-. I«t year the club had the good forcone to get through 48 coatees in little mote than a day and half; but the fates were not so propitious on the present oooaaon, as on the fiat day 31 courses were completed, and on the second Hmj only 14. The opening ptooeeding? were in a l&Tpe; open, padflnnlr through which the fiiver Ldght rnna a banker at floodtime, bat at the preeent time is only represented by am oo oaeional waterhola Exoellent ooat?ing ma got here last season, but we are informed that shooting parties and poaohanbaTOmademetty free with the game fdnoe then, and tha result was a very slow beginning on Tuesday. It was not nntU the timber country and the htflswere reached after lunohthat gams was found to be at all up to the lequirements of a dab meeting, and then as a natural oonss qnenoe maohof the tanning was Onkeyand out of view of the spectators. The abundance of black speargras? also militated against satis factory trials, and several dogs came to grist during tie day. Wherever the ground was open it was in a capital state for running; jnat sufficiently soft for the pads of the grey hounds ; but when they were amongst the tus eodks and the fallen timber they knocked them eelvoe about bat without mnob advantage to the hare, who in the majority of theoounas became victimised. Itanoheon, provided by Mr. Dutton, was partaken of near a large wftterhole on the first day, and on the second day in a wooded spot near the Julia Greek. Mr. Dntton came on the ground during the eeoond afternoon and was cordially cheered by the crowd and thanked ob behalf of the club by Mr. J. N. Smith. The proprietor of die estate said be was pleased to see so many people present and would be happy to afford the club opportonitieg for holding future meetings, although he was snrry the game Hvas so scarce. Mis manager (Mr. F. M. Miller) was present on each day and gave advice as to where the best running ground was to be found. Mr. R. E. H.*Hx?pe ably officiated as judge, giving general satisfao* tion by his verdiote and riding well and close to his doga. Mr. Hope is an undaunted rider, no bill being too Bteep or timber too thick for him, and with a good knowledge of the sport and the rules everyone was satisfied that bis judgments were sound, although in two or three oases he had to decide very olose contests. With regard to the beating operations excep tion might be taken to the modus operandi, but seeing that no regular beaters had been engaged, and that game was very soarae, tha horsemen necessarily straggled over a .large stretch of country, and occasionally went on for a distance that fairly beat off those who were on foot, There was agood deal of pardon able grumbling on this account, especially amongst those who were leading dogs, tha complaints being loudest on the eeoond day. This defect could be remedied next season by engaging a few foot beaters, and giving direc tions to the spectators as to how the beats would be taken. Mr. J. N. Smith was chiefly in charge of the field, and did his best to take the people where he thought hares could be found. Other stewards also officiated in this capacity, and there was a willingness all round to get through the work promptly, the slip- stewards, Messrs. W. Wright and J. WiUcook, de serving special mention for getting the grey hounds well up to slips. The slipper, Mr. M. Fahy, performed his part of the praoaedings very creditably, but was oooasionaDy blocked in too much by the crowd, and was kicked by a horse on the leg, fortunately without doing him serious damage. The acting stewards were Messrs. J. N. Smith, J. P. Orchard, C. H. Shakeshaft, J. W. White, J. yon Ber toach, J. Moyle, D. fihearwin, J. Battams, and the secretary, Mr. H. Fawoetb. The president, Mr. D. James, very kindly took the visiting pressmen under his wing, and treated them with his usual cordial hospitality. There was a larger gathering of spectators on Wednesday than on Tuesday, and a very fair attendance on Thursday;, when the finals were runoff, many ladies being present and some of. them on horseback. The members for the district, Hon. Jenldn Coles and Mr. J. W. White, contributed their aid tothe meeting. It will be seen by the results that the favorites, Ruby, Jean, and Splendors, were beaten in the final trials, and that the honors and emoluments of victory fell to Mr. L. Haider's w d Barley Bree, by Kildare—Bnmhade, who won tha stake, the runner-up being Mr. N. A. Mes senger's brdwd Sam Weller, by Swiveller,. who was runner-up two or three jpears ago for the Waterloo] Cap at Buokland Park. The third dog is Mr. L. Mc?eaa's f b Buby, by Eos—Vio, last year's winner at Kapunda. Game was again scarce on Thursday, and the darkness of evening bad set in by the time th? meeting was brought to a oonolusion. The club nave displayed special liberality in the matter of stakes, giving away added money as well as tiie full amount of the nomination fees, but to do this a club needs to be financially strong or to have numerous friends to volun teer subscriptions. BBSDurs: Tnnu> Dat (Xbttbsdat). AHLABTBTAK*. Wlncer, £60; runner-op, £80; thW iog, £10; three.dog?,£Seach; sUdoffe,£lUs 6d.eaob. 6eoo?dTie«. Justve beat Oyolorama. Sam Weller beat Splendora. Max beat Joso. Buby beat Comet. Barley Bee beat Unlucky Ouss. Maifef-B Ghost beat Beda Third Ties. Sam Weller beat Justice. BobybratXax. _^ Barley Bree beat JUdey'a Ghost Fourth Ties. Sam Weller beat Baby. Mr.L finder's bkw4t?arley Beer, by IMara— Bmnbilde, beat Mr. H. A. Mess'Jicers brd w d Sam Weller, by Bwlveller—Younc; Betsy Baker (draws lame) and won the stake., T&a;* KDHsnre. Fntsr Dat—ToassAT. AhXAxr Sruas.—First Bound—lt was a quarter past 10 before a hare was tomd in the tmaodn. and a brief tuade ensued between Cyoteama aad BeOleaf, resnMtng in a km, and (be Judge's an oomtagoC for anoooucw. When Aey met again CMbxama was quickest out of I*B s?pe, and •srvunj bersett ana phMSdflie white, who sooradtaroortaree when thairad got to again, ana after nrne—fcss Cydorama killed near the fence with potato in her favor. Ta • kare from tha creek aide Elar Brace led op, •?• «;*• Iriplrt a ehanoeoa tbesMs of On M. brg,*"" >f?« lost uoaTesslon. and Bay Brace affledL OUnt&om; veUlednpHoraDarlul.butafaat hare gave then both a lone dance. In which Bora appeared la toa front WpmtJin bat was only onaainc the asdWOdflnnnanogo- Sdertbdap amar?yaad did the eariy work frokOi. the tatter sooted a point or two, aad Getet afsin ntMscpoaMriaa took thafcarTover the hffl anala^e^Bpl«donaa4 Fw?A)mhadalon«?pto'««*a«Mlatoisa ? rt—^ the tfanbtr. where SpJaadora, who had aH the bast of itL^dwHiiakat WJldanvTiiie%W?rl,iiiilJasHoe watsoortagnsm the.wMto got y *-%*** Jns>ic«ajraa?diaplay«dries>sorrnss< m. BdUL gotanaft?rwai?s.andJJiHSpiwa?^bad afl tha lest of it MennaidbanMjaarllvahaAalwinwaji dnwD.andflamWe?arMabywith Ot.aayhlo?. the latter did aaarbr aB Ite wa& «■> to *ba anetaa. Juno led, Sluggard •oore? stveral yobjts aad alaosd her oppmentTbut Jonoanta took the bare and flrishTdwUhakl?. DeaaoafledTom Ba?ugteaaad tome««caaafwathem anekahnii «ataO«naa«^««l ma long conne and Ton went on ana woo, but «a nto a win fence and cut himsell bally. Max led, fancy Oueen scored three times and placed the white cellar. Some good exchanges enaned oa tbe flat, which appeared to be In favor of the Queen, but over the bill Max got hi again and wound up with a kill to credit. Fores* King «d the early work with Oollsen Lass who was lerving herself rapiily when tbe judge «UrouaUfit d her forbeiiur cmmlog and Forest King aaineo tht flas? Oa tbe edge ol the timber Oasmlsl) fed Baby who dH not sight at first, but when she got In she made matt rs very warm and won easily amount the trees. Jean l?d Herd Laidie and tcetcD several points when the La-idie perved himself smartly and looked like winning till he ran into the wires aid got blink- d, when Jean went on over the UU and gained the fl«t by a point and a halt. Alter a no CO through tbe slip* breaking C.inst, to a soort ■tin in the timber, led up and scored merrily, working Very dose. PisraeU Boored tevenl points, bnt C Jrnet was wtU aheau whtn he killtd. Misa Harrington «H up first by favor and aid the early work from Dauntless who mtde a point or two. bat Miss Harrington had won when the pair separated in pnrsoit of two hires. Btradxuort and Be'takin weut away determinedly, the fonterKcuring tit? turn. Exchanges followed, when Strathmore tell, but was not to be denied, and gaining nowession again wov with a lot to the good. Barley Brfti led, turned, and served himself, then gave tbe bare to Exile, who chapped it too quickly. Orizaba led up at.o put in nice ctly wotk from Venture, who nine a couple of wreoc-br?, but Orizab* finished well to <he good with a kill. Bluey and Unlucky Guss ran an ondtcMed ra >fng with a kill, points being eqJaL tslm-y hurt berseli badl) -n the encounter. Marley*e Oho?e Ira Fl>ing Cond, both doing good work hi a gratllttig spin, which the Gh«c won by the kill tm-hre was fi st up in a give and take course with Jt abel Euchre ran into a slump When the course erdtd thetr was very little between them, but Euchre gained the flag Secokd Day—Wedkkdat. Bloey brirg dr.wn lame, Unlucky Gass ran a bye. Beda beat Vtrouica ia a thort rua near the edge of thy timbtr. Becla was quicker and faster than her ciponent, sod won a&v; with a kill. Broken Hill went lame to eliue to run bis bye, through bart Stiaw being absent. Broken Hill did not go far before he stopped, and was afterwanJs drawn from aie stake. First Ties—CFdorama brat Hog Bounce inaflutter amongst the tussocks, in which little work was acme, bnt tbe BU wash) fivorof the red, although white went off with the lead. When Splendora and Gelert were slipied the former unsighted, but when she got on to the sane she displayed bersuperiority« and wjd with a kill Bell II did tbe early work with Sam WtUer, but eventually tire! and stopped, wt?" Bam w«t on and won. Juno ran ?bye, Tom Har.iugtoo being drawn Ume. Max led a. d made a couple of wrenches befoie Forest King got the chanae of kaling *ithout merit. Bn >y lea Jean and put in some good work. Wben Jean sot possession she scorel several, but Buby came again and had half a-dozeo points to the good when puss escaped over the railway line. Ia the longest course of toe day Comet warned aioser than Mb* Harrington and woo, alcbougi the ittter was in at the fioLJi. Buiey Bree led Strata more and did the early work, bat Strathuiore setting hi hart jttst got on level ternn. when Birlc-y Br?e eocrtd a few mor-", and S'rathtnore pat himself out by killinif. Orizaba was in very Dad form wben brought to flips, aid Unlucky Guss had a grndler almost sinttleKaoded Mariey's Ghost was fb>E up from Eucbie, and both d gs suffered from th* rousra country, the Ghost gaining the flag. A move was tten nade for home. 