? Interstate. THE SORCERESS. By MRS. OLIPHANT, Author of 'The Son ofjna Father,' 'The Chronicles of Carlingford,' ' The Rose in June,' 'The Greatest Heiress in England,' 'Whiteladies,' 'Within the Precincts,' 'It was a Lover and his Lass,' ' Adam Graeme,' &p.i;&e.; ? ? [Published by special arrangement wWb the aathor , -All rights reserved.] The week passed in ,tbe jsombre hurry, yet tedium of a bouse lying under the shadow of : death— that -period during which when it is night we long for morning, and when it is morning we long for night, hoping always for the hope that never comes, trembling, to mark the progress which does go on silently towards the end. Colonel Kingsward was rough and angry with Bee that first morning to her . con sternation and dismay. She had never been . the object of her fathers anger before, and this hasty and imperious questioning seemed to take . all power of reply out other. What had she been doing to her mother? She! to her mother ! '. Bee was too much frightened by his threatening look, the cloud on his face the fire in his eyes, to say anything. Her mind Tan hurriedly over all that had happened, and that last terrible visit which had changed the whole aspect of the earth to herself. But it was to herself that this stroke of misfortune had come and not to her mother. A gleam of answering anger came into Bee's* eyes, sombre with the uunappineaa which had been pushed aside by more immediate suffering, yet was still there like a black background to frame whatever other miseries aught come after. As for 'Colonel Kingsward, it was to him, as to so many men, a relief to blame somebody for the trouble which was unbearable. The blow was approaching which he had never allowed himself to believe in. He had - blamed his -wife instinctively, involuntarily, at the first hearing of every convenience in life ; and It had helped to accustain him to the annoy ance to think that it was her fault. He bad done &o; in what he called this unfortunate business of Bee's, concluding that but for Mrs. Kingsward's weakness Mr. Aubrey Leigh and his affairs would never have become of any importance to the family. He had blamed her too, and greatiy, for that weakening of health which he had so persistently endeavored to convince himself did not mean, half so much aa the doctors said. Women are so idiotic in these respects. They will insist on wearing muslin and Hoe when they ought to wear flannel. They. will put on evening dresses when they ought to be slothed warmly to the tliroat, and woes made of paper when they ought to be solidly and stoutly shod, quite inainerent to line sronote ana anxiety eney may cause to their family. And now that Mrs. Kingsward's state had got beyond the oaeBibility of reproach he turned upon bis .daughter. It must be her fault ; her mother iiad been better or he should not have left her. Toe quiet of the countay was doing her good— if she bad not been agitated all would have been welL But Bee, with all her declarations of devotion to her mother; Bee, the eldest, who ought to have had sane sense, Bee bad brought on this trumpery ?J^ve - business .to overset . fihe. debsate equilibrium which he himself, a man with affairs eo much more important in hand, had refrained from disturbing. It did him a little good, unhappy and anxious as he was, to pour out his wrath upon Bee. And she did not reply. She did . not shed tears as her mother had weakly done in rimilar circnm- . stanoes or attempt excuses. Even if he had been sufficiently at leisure to note it an answering fire awoke in Bee's eyes. He had not leisure to note, but he perceived it all the same. Presently, however, every faculty, every thought, became absorbed in that sick chamber. Things had still to be thought of outside of it; but they seemed strange, ar tificial things, having no connection with life. Then Charlie was summoned from Oxford and the younger boys from school, which in creased the etrange commotion of the house, adding that restless 'element of young life which had no place there, nothing to do with itself, and which roused an almost frenzied irritation in Colonel Kingsward when he saw any attempt on the part of the poor boys to amuse themBelves or resume then? usual oc ' cupation. ' 'Clods i' he said, 'young brutes ! They would play tennis if the world was falling to 'pieces.' And again *that glance of fire came into- Bee's eyes, marked uncon sciously, though he did not knowJie had seen it, by her father. The boys hung about her when she stole out for a little air, one at each arm. 'How -ia mother, Bee? She's no worse ? Don't you think we might go over to Hilbside for that tournament? Don't you think Fred might play in the parish mutch with Siddemore? They're so badly off for. bowlers. Don't you think ? :- 'Oh, I think it would be much better for you to be doing something, boys ; but then papa might hear and he would be angry. Ti we could but keep it from papa.' ( ' ' We're* doing mother no good,' said Fred. ' How Could we do mother good ? Why did the governor send for us, Bee, only to kick our heels here' and get into mischief? A fellow can't heh- getting into mischief when he has nothing to do.' ' Yes,' repeated Fred, 'what did he send for us for ? ; I wish mother was better. I sup pose as soon as she's better we'll be packed off again.' ; ? ' They were big boys, but they did not under stand the possibility of their mother not get ting better, and, indeed, neither did Bee. Whea morning followed mprnjng and nothing happened it seemed' to her that getting better was the only conclusion to be looked for. If it had been death that was coming surely it must have come by this time. Her hopes rose with every new day. ' . But Mrs.' KingBward had been greatly agitated by the sight of Charlie when he was allowed to see her. ''Why has Charlie come BomefeheBaid.. f^Washesent for? Was it your father that 5-H-ught ' him ? Charlie, my dear, wlia$'isir*ybu doing here? Why have jou comeback? You should have been going on with — — Bid your father send for you? Why, why did your father send for you, my t»y?' : ' I thought,' said Charlie, quite unmanned by the«ghf of her and by this unexpected question, and by all he had been told about her -tate. ; ' I thought— you wanted to see me, mother.' ?.-''' ' £ always like to see you— but not to take you away from- — . .And why was he sent for, Moulsey?' Does the' doctor think? — does my husband think?— =' Her feverish color grew, brighter and brighter. Her ewes shone with a burning eager ness. She put her hot hand upon that of her eon. 'Was it to1 say good-bye to me?' ehe eaid with a etrange flutter of a smile. ' ? At the- same .time an argument on the same subject was going on between the doctor and the colonel. ' What'can the children do in a sick-room ? Keep them away. I Bhould never have sent for them if you had consulted me. It Is bad enough to have Jet her see Charlie, summoned ^'^r^0 y°u wsai to f righten your wife to .death? , ' There, can be no question,' eaid the colonel, *'if what. you tell me is true, of frightening her to death. I think, Benson, that a patient in such .circumstances ought to know. She ought to fee told- — — ' . 'What?' the doctor said sharply, with a harsh tone in his. voice. , 'What? Co you need to ask — of her state 'i— of what is imminent — that she is going- to -~ -Colonel KingB ward loved his wife truly and . he could not say those last words. . ;-'YeB*' said the doctor, '«oing to—? well, we hope it's to One that has called her, that knows all about it, Kingsward. Doctors are not supposed to take that view much, but .3 do. I'd tell her nothing of the sort. I, would not agitate her either with the sight of the ^children or those heathenish thoughts about dying. Well ! I suppose you'll fake your own tray. If. yon think she's in danger of damnation— bat yon see I don't I think whereshe's going she'll fin3 more consider ation and more understanding than ever she got here.' - - ' ?-. V You are all infidels, every one of yon, said Colonel Kingsward; 'you would let. a soul rush unprepared into the presence 'Her Father,' said Dr. Benson. 'So I would— if He's her father hell take care of that. And even if He's only a judge, you know, a judge is an extraordinarily considerate person. He leaves no means untried of com ing to a right decision. I would rather truBt my case in the hands of the bench than make up my own little plea any day. . And anyhow that you can put it, the Supreme Judge must be better than the best bench that ever was. Leave her alone. She's safer with Him than either with you or toe.' 'It is an argument I never would pardon — in my own case. I shudder at the thought of being plunged into eternity without the time to — to— think — to — to prepare- — ' 'But if your preparations are all seen through from the beginning? if it's just as well known then, or better, what you are thinking or trying to think, to make yourself ready for thatevent? You knew yourself more or less, didn't you, when you were in active service, the excuses a wretched private would make when he was hauled up and how he would try to make the worse appear the batter cause. Were you moved by that, Colonel Kingsward? Didn't you know the man and judge him by what you knew?' ' ' I seems to me a very undignified argument. There's no analogy between a wretched private and— ana my— and one of us at the judgment seat.' ' No ; it's more like one of your boys making up his defence when brought before ' you — aud the poor boy would need it too/' Dr. Benson added within himself. But naturally he made no impression with hiB argument, whether it was good or bad, upon his hearer. Colonel Kingsward was in reality a very unhappy man. ? He bad nobody to blame for the dreadful misfortune which was threatening him except God, for whom he entertained only a great terror as UL HO nvHrMfiiMimiii^ *jrnulIllUlU |HJWor CVCHXjr uu catch him at any moment when he neglected the observances or rites necessary to appease it. He was very particular in these obser vances— going to church, keeping up family prayers, contributing his proper and carefully* calculated proportion to the charities, &c.; Nobody could eay of him that he was careless or .negligent. And now how badly was his devotion repaid 1— by the tearing away from 4tim of the companion.' of his life. But he felt j;that there -wa3 still much more that the awful Master of the universe.: might inflict perhaps upon her if she was not rprepared to meet her God. He was wretched till he had told her, warned her, till she hfcel- fulfilled everything that was necessary, seen 'the clergyman, and got herself into the^tate. of mind becoming a dying person. He had collected all the chil dren that Bhe might take leave of them in a becoming way. He had so far aa ne knew thought of everything to make her exit from the world a right one in all the forms— and now to be told that he was not to agitate her, that the God whom he wished to pre pare her to meet knew more of her and understood her better than he did ! Agitate her! when the alternative might be un speakable miseries of punishment, instead of the acquittal which would have to be given to a soul properly pro- - pared. These arguments did not in the least change his purpose; but they fretted and irritated him beyond measure. At the bottom of all the idea that anybody should know better than he what was the right thing for his own wife was an intolerable thought. He went out and in of her room with that irritated though self-controlled look which ' she knew so welL He had never shown it to the world, and when he had demanded of her in his angry way why this was and that, and how on earth such and such things had hap pened: Mrs. Kingsward had till lately taken it fo Bweetlv that he had not himself ens. pected how heavy it was upon her. And when she had begun to show signs of being unable to bear the responsibility of everything in earth and heaven the colonel had felt himself an injured man. There were signs that he might eventually throw that responsibility on Bee. But in the meantime he had nobody to blame, as has been said, and the burden of irritation and disturbance was heavy upon him. . The next morning after his talk with Dr. Brown he came in with that clouded brow to find Charlie by her bedside. The colonel came up and stood looking at the faoe on the pillow, now wan-in the reaction of the fever and utterly weak, but still smiling at his ap proach. 'I have been telling Charlie,' she said in her faint voice, ' that he must go back -to his college. Why should he waste his time here f ' He will not go back yet,' said Colonel KingBward ; 'are you feeling a little better this morning, my dear V 'Oh, not to call ill at all,' said the suf ferer. 'Weak—a sort of sinking, floating away. I take hold of somebody's hand to keep me from falling through. Isn't it ridiculous f she said after a little pause. 'Your weakness is very great,' -said the husband almost sternly. . 'Oh, no, Edward. It's more silly than anything— when I am not really ill, you know. I've got Charlie's hand here under the counterpane,' she said again, with her faint little laugh. 'You won't always have Charlie's hand, or any one's hand, Lucy.' She looked at him with a little anxiety. 'No, no. Ill get stronger, perhaps, Ed ward.' ' Do you feel as if you were at all stronger, my dear?' . . She loosed her son's hand, giving him a little troubled smile. 'Go away now, Charlie dear. I don'frbelieve you have had your breakfast. I want to speak to-r-papa.' Then she waited, . looking wistfully in her husband's face till the door had closed. ' You Have something to say to me, inward. on, what is it? Nothing has happened to any one?' 'No, nothing has happened,' he said. He -turned away and walked to the window, then came back again, turning his head half way from her as he spoke. 'It is only that you are— my poor darling— weaker every day.' 'Does the. doctor think so?' she said with a little eagerness, with a faint suffusion of color in her face. - He did not «say anything, could not perhaps, but slightly moved his head. 'Weaker every day! and that means, Edward?' She put out her thin, hot hands, 'That means ? ?' The man oould not say anything. He could do his dnty grimly, but when the moment came .he could not put it into words. He sank down on the chair Charlie had left and pnt down his face on the pillow, his large frame shaken by sobs which he could not restrain. These sobs made Mrs. Kingsward forget the meaning of this communication altogether. Shevut her hands upon him, trying to raise his head. ' Edward ! oh, don't cry, don't cry ! I have never seen you cry in all my lif a Edward, . for goodness sake ! you will km me if you go on sobbing like that. Oh, Edward, Edward, I never saw you cry before.' Moulsey had darted forward from some shadowy corner where ehe was and gripped him by the arm. 'Stop, sir ; stop it,' she cried in an authori tative whisper, ' or you'll kill her.' He flung Moulsey ofi and raised his head a little from the pillow. , 'You have never seen me with any such occasion before,' he said, taking her hands into his and kissing them repeatedly. He was not a man of many caresses and her heart was touched with a feeble sense of pleasure. 'Dear,' she said softly, 'dear!' feebly drawing a little nearer to him to put her cheek against bis. Colonel Kingsward looked up as soon as he was abla and saw her lying smiling at him, her Yliuufa in Ilia. K«*T- Aviaa fnll e\f 4iTi«l4i vmn^Mfni liquid light which belongs to great weakness. The small worn face was all illuminated with smiles, it was like the face of a child— or perhaps an angeL He looked at first with awe, then with doubt and alarm. Had he failed after all in the commission whioh he had executed at so much cost to Jrimaalf and against the doctor's orders? He had been afraid for the moment of the sight, of her despair— and now he was frightened by her look of ease, the absence of all perturbations. Had ehe not understood him ? Would it have ? to be told again, more severely, more dis tinctly, this dreadful news? Chapter XX. Mrs, Kingsward said nothing of the com munication her husband had made to her. . Did she understand it? He went about heavily all day pondering the matter, going and coming to her room, trying in vain to make out what, was in her mind. But he could not divine what was in that mind hidden from him in those veils of individual existence which never seemed to him to have been so . baffling before. In the afternoon she had heard somehow the voices of the elder boys and had asked if they were there and had sent for them. The two big fellows with the mud on their boots and the scent of the fresh air about them, stood huddled together speech less with awe and grief by the bedside when their father came in. They did not know what to say to their mother in such circum stances. They had never talked to her about herself, but always about themselves; and now they were entirely at a loss after they had said, ? 'How are you, mamma? are. you very bad, mamma? Oh, I am bo sorry ;' and 'Ob, I wish you were better.' What could boys of twelve and fourteen say? For the moment they felt as if their hearts were broken ; but they aid not want to stay there; they had nothing to say to her. Their pang of sudden . trouble was confused with Bhynees^^nd; awk wardness, and their consciousness* that she was altogether in another atmosphere and another world. Mrs. Kingsward' - Slid jfj^t) a clever woman, but she understood, -juirajju- loualy wha$ was in those inarticulate young souls. , She kissed them both, drawing each close to her for a moment and then bade them rnn away. ?' Were you having a good game?' she said, with that ineffable feeble smile. ' Go and finish it, my darlings.' And they stum bled out very awkwardly, startled to meet their father's look as -they turned round and. greatly disturbed and mystified altogether, though consoled somehow by their mother's ' look. , ' They said to each other after a while {bat. : she looked 'jolly bad,' but that she was in such good Bpirits it must be all right. : ; Their father was as much mystified as they ; but he was troubled in conscience, as if he had; not spoken plainly enough, bad not made 'it clear enough what ' her state ' was. She had not asked for the clergyman ; she had not asked for anything. Was it necessary that he should speak again ? There was one thing she had near her, but that so fantastic a thing ! —a photograph, one of the quantities of such., rubbish the girls and she had brought home— ^ a woman wrapped in a mantle floating in the air. ' Take that thing away,' he said to Moulsey. It irritated him to see a frivolous thing like that— a twopenny-halfpenny photograph— eo near his wife's bed. 'Don't take it away,' she said in a whisper to which her voice had' sunk, 'it gives me such pleasure.' ' Pleasure !' he cried, even to speak of pleasure was wrong at such a mement; and then he added, 'Would you lite me to read to you ? Would you like to see— anyone ?' 'To see anyone? Whom should I wish to see but you, Edward, and the children ?' - ' We haven't been — so religions, my dear, as perhaps we oueht,' stammnred the anxious man. ' If I sent for — Mr. Baldwin perhaps, to read the prayers for the sick and — and talk toyou a little.' She looked at him with some wonder for a moment and then she said with a smile, 'Yea, yes; by all means, Edward, if you will like it.' ' I shall certainly like it, my dearest, and it is right — it is what we should all wish to do at the ? ' He could not say at the last — he oould not say when we are dying— it was too much for him, but certainly she must under stand now ; and. he went away hurriedly to call the clergyman that no more time might be lost. 'Moulsey,' said Mrs. Kingsward, 'have we come then quite — to the end now?' 'Oh, ma'am ! Oh, my dear lady !'- Moulsey said. 'My husband— seems to think so. It is a little hard to leave them alL Where is Bee ?' 'I am here, mamma,' said a broken voice, and the mother's hand was caught and held tight, as she liked it to be. ' May Betty come too?' 'Yes, let Betty come. It is you I want, not Mr. Baldwin.' ' Mr. Baldwin is a good man, ma'am. He'll beja comfort to them and the colonel f ' Yes, I suppose so ; he will be a comfort to —your father. But I don't want anyone. I haven't done very much harm ? ' 'No! oh no, ma'am, none,' said Moulsey, while Betty, thrown on her knees by the bed side, tried to smother her sobs, and Bee; worn out and feeling as if she felt nothing, eat and held her mother's hand. 'But then,' she said,- 'I've never, never done any good.' 'Oh! my dear lady, my dear lady! and all the poor people and all the children.' ' Hush. 4 Moulsey. I never gave anything — not a bit of bread, not a shilling—but because I liked to do it. Never ! oh, never ! from any good motive. I always liked to do it. It was my pleasure. It never cost me anything. I have done no good in my life. I jnst liked the poor children, that was all, and thought if they were my own— oh ! Bee and Betty, try to be better women — different from me.' Betty, who was so young, crept nearer and nearer on her knees till she came to the head of the bed. She lifted up her tear-stained face, '? Mother ! oh, mother ! are you frightened V she cried. Mrs. Kingsward put forth her other arm and put it feebly round the weeping girL ' Per haps I ought to be— perhaps I ought to be !' ehe said with a little thrill and quaver. ' Mother,' said Betty, pushing closer and closer, almost pushing Bee away, ' if I had been wicked, ever so wicked, I shouldn't be frightened for you.' A heavenly smile came over the mother's face. ' X should think not indeed.' And then Betty, in the silence of the room, put her hands together and said very .softly, ' Onr Father, which art in heaven — ' 'Ob, children, children,' cried Monkey, 'don't break our hearts! She's too weak to bear it. Leave her alone.' 'Yes, go away, children dear, go away. I have to rest— to see Mr. Baldwin.' Then ehe smiled and eaid in gasps, 'To tell the truth — I'm— I'm not afraid : look—' She pointed to the .picture by her bedside. 'So easy — so easy ! just resting — and the Saviour will nutout his hand and take me in.' Mr. Baldwin came soon after, the good rector, who was a good man, but who believed he had the keys, and that what he bound on earth was bound in heaven— or, at least, he thought he believed so — with Colonel Kings ward, who felt that he was thus fulfilling all righteousness and that'' this was the proper .way in which to approach the everlasting doors. He.'put away the little picture in which Cathe rine of Sienna lay in the hold of the angels in the perfect peace of life accomplished, the rest that was so easy and so sweet— hastily with displeasure and contempt. He did not wish the rector to see the childish thing in which his wife had taken pleasure, nor even that she had been taking pleasure at all at suoha solemn moment; even that she should emile the same . smile of welcome with which she would have greeted her kind neighbor had she been in her usual place in the drawing-room disturbed her husband. So near death and yet able to think of that ! He watched her face as the rector read the usual prayers. Did she enterinto them, did she understand them? He could scarcely join in them himself in his anxiety to make sure that she felt and knew what was her 'state,51 and was preparing— preparing to meet ' her God. That God was awaiting severely the appearance of that 'eoul before Him the colonel could not out feeL He would not have said so in words, but the instinotive conviction in his heart was so. When she looked around for the little picture it hurt him like a sting. Ob, if she wonld but think of the things that concerned her peace — not of follies, childish distractions, amusements for the fancy. On her side the poor lady waa conscious more or lees of all that was going on, ' understood here and there the prayers that were going over her head, prayers of others for her, rather than anything to be said by her self. In the midst of them she felt herself already like St. Catherine, floating away into ineffable peace, then coming back again to hear the sacred words, to see the little circle round her on their knees, and to smile upon them in an utter calm of weakness without pain, feeling only that they wefe good to her, thinking of her, whioh was sweet, but knowing . little more ? It was the most serene and cloudless night after this terrible day. A little after Colonel Kingsward had left -the room finally and shut himiwif up in his study, Moulsey took the two girls out into the garden through a window whioh opened upon it. 'Children, go and breathe the sweet air. I'll not have you in a room to break your hearts. Look up yonder — yonder where she's gone,' said the kind nurse who had done everything for their mother. And they stole out— two little ,, ghosts, overborne snth- the dreadful burden of humanity, the burden which none of us can shake off, and crept across the grass to the seat where she had been used to sit among the children. The night was peace itself— not a breath stirring,, a young moon with something wistful in ber light looking down, making the garden bright as with a softened ethereal day. A line of white cloud dimly detached from the softness of the blue lay far off towards the west amid the radiance, a long faint line aa of something in the far dis tance. Bee and Betty stood and gazed at it with eyes and hearts overcharged, each leaning upon the other. Their young . souls were touched with awe and an awful quiet. They were too near the departure to have fallen down as yet into the vacancy and emptiness of reawakening life. 'Oh,' they said, 'if that should be her!' And why should it not be? Unless perbaps'there was a quicker way. . They watched it with that sob in the throat which . is of all sounds and sensation the most over-, whelming. It seemed to them as if they were watching her a little further on her way, to the .very horizon, till the eoft distance closed over - and that speck like a sail upon the sea could be seen no more. And when it [was gone, they sank down together upon her seat under the trees she loved, where the children had played and tumbled on the. grass about her and talked of her — in broken words, a little phrase now and then, sometimes only 'Mother' or 'Oh, mamma, mamma,' now from, one, sow from anotber-^dn that first extraordinary exaltation and anguish which is not yet grief. . . ; They did not know how long' they had been there when something stirred in the bushes and the two big boys, Arthur and -Fred, came heavily into sight holding each other by the arm. The boys were bewildered, heavy, and miserable, not knowing what to do with them selves nor where to go. -But they came up with a purpose, which was a little ease in the trouble. It cost them a little convulsion of reluctant crying before they could get out what they had to say. Then it came in broken words from both together. ' Bee, there's someone wants to speak to you— at the gate.' 'Oh, who could want to epeak to me— to night? I cannot speak to anyone; you might have known.' ? - —??.??? ?? ' Bee,' said Arthur the eldest, 'it isn't just — anyone ; its ? , we thought you would per haps ? ' .?'???'-*? -*''?-- ' He told us,' eaid Fred, ' who he was an? tfzgedsobard^-r:'. . ........ ... ''.' Then there came back upon poor Bee all the ^other trouble that ehe 'had puBhed away from; per. Her heart seemed to grow hard and cofff, after 'all the softening and; tenderness of thig° !.' dreadful. yet heayenfyt'hoar, V I jjryl eieL nii. one, no one,' ehe said; . *' . '' 'Bee,' said the boys, 'we shut the gate upon him, but he took hold -of our hands and —and cried too.' They had to atop and swallow the sob be! ore .either could say any. more. 'He said, she waagftis best friend. He 'said he couldn't bear it no .more than us. And if you would only spBak to him — — ' ' ^' ? Bee got up from her mother's seat, her poor ittle heart swelled in her bosom as if it would burst. Oh, how was she -to bear all this, to bear it all, to have no one to help her.' ' No, n(S liwill not. .1 will not,' shesaid. L *'Oh,Bee,'oried Betty, 'if it is Aubrey— pborj&nbrey; ! iShewaa fond of him. She would not We him to be left out. Oh, Bee, come, come&nd; speak to him. Suppose one of us were alone with nobody to say mother s name to;' ! 1 . v^'Nb, I will not,'.' said Bee. 'Ob. Betty, mottear'knows why— she knows.' ; 'What does she know?' cried Betftr plead ing. 'Shejwasfondof him. I am fond of him without thinlring of you for mother's sake. ' ^ph, le| me go ! I am going in j I am going to her. I wish, I wish she had taken me with her. -No— no— no— I will never see him more.' ' I thihkj' said Betty to the boy_s, pushing them away, 'that she is not quite i herself. Tell him she is not herself. Bay she's not able to speak to anyone, and we can't move her. And— and give poor Aubrey— oh, poor Aubrey ! mylov.e.' . . The boys turned away on their mission, crossing the gravel path with a commotion of their heavy feet whioh seemed to fill the air with echoes. Colonel Kingsward .*eard it from his Btudy, thongh that, was closed up from any influence outside. He opened his window and came Out, standing a black figure surrounded by the moonlight. 'Who is there?' he said. 'Are there any of. you so lost to all feeling as to be out in the garden of all nights in the world on this night f (lobe continued.) 