WIT AND :HUMOU'R.:::. a [T's a solemn thing, young man," said -hl broken.hearted father," to come into the home of an old man and take sway his only daughter, the light of his household, and the prop and solace of his declining years. But yon have my blessing, and I wish you every joy and- " " Iut I won't take her away, sir," interrupted the youorn man, inexpres. sibly affected. "We'll both stay here." "Jessl I wish yes woulds't go to balls and paltI;' it 'i very bad lndeel." " Father, didn't you and mother go to balls and parties, when you were young f" ,' Yes. my Ion, but we have seen the folly of it."' "'Well, I want to see the folly of it, too, father." GuEsr: "I say, landlord, your food is worse than it was last year I" Landlord : "Impossible, sir I" "You are married now, Mr Gazley," said a life-insurance agent to a newly-made Benedict, "and you really ought to take out a policy on your life."-"Gracious!" replied Gazley, frightened, "is it likely to prove fatal?" Two tramps, one of them a young man, the other well advanced in life, had just left a house where they had been sqpplied with a bountiful dinner. "I say, Bill," queried the younger of the two, "where do you s'pose we'll get oar supper ?"--The old tramp turned on him in disgust: "Here you'rve just had your dinner, " he said, "and you begin to wonder where you'll get supper. If that's the kind of disposition you've got, young feller, you had better quit the profession and go to work." "Yes," said the merchant, "I always mark the most expensive of my goods as 'sold' during the holiday season. Then when women read the signs it makes them crazy to have the same article, and they are so disappointed that I finally promise to try and get them another-which, of course, I have no trouble in doing. Oh, it's a great scheme, I tell you, and never fails." LAnos AITrATOR : "My friend, are you not in favour of the eight- hour move ment ?"-Abe Lazy (the tramp) : " Move ment ! who ever beard of me bein' in favour of any kind of movement ?" Lasrtz Tommy was having his hair combed by his mother, sad he gumbiled at the operation. "Why, Tommy, you oughtn't to make such a fuss. I don't, when my hair is combed."-" Yes, but your hair ain't hitched to your head." SCENE (dleck of steamer, which is passing throu.gh the 8ounrd of M11t). Eriglish tourist (to German do.): "You seem to have been greatly benefited by-your s?a voyage". -German tourist: "Yell, tmine vrendt, you vos see I had been bedder as good as fiisdrade; budt ven I vos leave home, oll ! I beed so bat, all der doctors in the vorldt couldt do leroaoharm" . "" 7 A cROnLsrE.- 'Papa.''"-i Well i""-'o eardinals dare to wear their red hats in the presence of a papal bull ?" RATHER STRANox.-" I'm surprised at the noise that Niagara makes."-" Why ?" -" You'd think there was enough water there to drown e sound.' . . "VE musnt b'gin, ant, cat dotrnorI oxpenses, Jakey.',-" Vat for, fadder ? Pizness is goot."-" Yab, Jakey. And ve must make it a leetle petter I" A RsEsoNAnLE REQUrST.-" What can I do to induce you to go to;,bed now ?; asked a fond mamma of her five-year-old boy.-" You can let me sit up a little longer," was the youngster's reply. "Wuar is the matter, landlord ? You seem greatly upset."-" And for a very good reason, sir ! In the ruins you have just been shown over there was a ghost that brought us a crowd of sight-seers." Well Y'--"Why, he has just given me notice to quit at the quarter's end!" "I noS'r think much of that feller Brown you introduced me to the other night."-" You are very candid.. Why do you dislike him ?"-" Oh, you can argue. with him all day long, and you can't con vince him of the simplest ,oint. Ioe mak&d;'esick" °'Mankes yoisck.:.iAls yes, I see. In other words he disagrees with you." Aeuseaps '(meet?... old profc9sofl. fessor, that you are going to lecture m our .town on your, f!yourite oldtig ton." Professor: "Yes, yes.But I have divested it of technicalities-in fact, recast it-so that it will reach.alUpersons of very iitited 'cqunirment Igoge of?? ee you there." " Pourous highland Laird (to strange policeman, who has "dared to pass the great man without touching his hat) : " A constable ought to :be the very pink of politeness, and should toutch his hat to hid superior. Iam the Maatartanof Mactartan, and all these mountains belong to me, sir." -Policeman: They're nae in my beat, though." LIEE's a piece of ladvice To put.' yo folrsh,1-, -T Thlat is', lbt! foollh'1 " Enough to ask it. iFOs'rtxL., when ,hin "ty( eoare~;l1d, pasied beforiefmiiel lCttius wthoiutperi cairing her. ""Ah!" cried the-old ladyn ' that is your 'gallantir.'th?tft? To pass before me without even looking at me!" "If I had looked at you, madame,"replied the old beau, "I could never have passed you at all." AnxLtirmt; the banker, a ;notorious miser, entered the oifee,and very carefully went through all the work done by his youngest clerk. He was perfectly satisfied, and said to the young man: 1' What salary do you get from my firm ?"-" Up to the present, nothing, signor."-" Very good. From the first of next month I will see that it is doubled." "THAT fellow, IIHall, ought to be banished from polite society; he's a perfect booby."-" How so, Mr Touchey ?"-" You remember that boe meot I made at dinner ?" -"Yes."-" Well, he was ill-manneredl enough to ask if it was original with mre. That shows how unsophisticated he is." "Yes, nobody but an ignoramus could have thought you were Sidney Smith." How liE CAMnE IY s IS NAME.--There is a man in Washington who has a most uncommon name, and a newspaper in the city tells how he came by it. His mother was on the look-out for something original, and one day, before his christening, she noticel on the door of a building the wort "Nosmo." This struck her fancy. Now for a middle name ! Later, coming along by the same building, she saw on the door the name "King." Ah, this was what she wanted! "'Nosmo 'ing Jones' he shall ber" she said; and he was christened so, On the way home from the church she passed the same building again. The doors were all shut, and, behold, those with the names on them whichshe had selected had on them now, not " Nosmo King," but "No Smoking!" and her heart was broken. A CERTAIN doctor who was noted for a keen eye to bnsines was driving along the street of a country town when his horse took fright and ran away. lie was thrown violently out of his trap andrenderedenseless. P'resently he recovered a little from his unconscioousness, and, noticing the crowd which had gathered about him,asked," What's the matter, gentle men Anybody hurt. I am Dr B. Can 1 be of any service! A roon Irishman had a little shoemaker's shop where for many yearshe plied his trade, earninag an honest living. One day he was amusol to see on the opposite side of the street a sign which read," Mons. Lafarge, shoemaker, just from Pl'aris." HIe was very indainanm,and felt that monsieur was poach. sing on his grounds. The next day hecame out with a sign which reald." Pat Connolly, Lshoemaker-mnever saw Paris, but defias cam. petition." 