MYSTERY^OF THE ABBEY. CHAPTER CXXVIir. Old gossips love on winter nights to tit Close to tbe cheerful hearth, teilicg strange tales Of moor i t hall haunted b/ spectre prim— Of murder wondrously brought to light, Or wrong made right at last, —Heib of the SKIT. Although the return of the anciont servants of the Mowbray family to Carrow AViboy was a soutce of considerable satisfaction to them, a feeling of terror was not unmixed with it. . If they naturally felt pleased at the thought of returning to end their days in the home where most of them had passed the beit years of their lives, it was alloyed by the recollection of the feaiful scenes they Lai witnessed in it. * None cared to admit it, but each felt a dread of passing alone through the oldfashioned, dreary chambers anl dark, panelled corridors. They started at the echo of their own footfall, and hastened their steps till they reached lbs housekeeper's room, where a cheeiful fire and the eociety of their fbllow-aeivants gradually recalled the color to their cheeks. The picture-gallery, the apartment in which Ellen had been terrified by the warreuer, and the library, the scene of Sir William's murder, were carefully avoided. No one, save old MartiD, would venture in them—and he wandered about in meditation and sadness. Not even Mrs. Jarmy, who had known him so many years, or Nicholls, the butler, could unders'andhim ; frequently they heard the old man repeating to himself: " Not jet! no rest yet! the aloe has not bloomed 1" " What does he mean by the aloe not blooming?" inquired the worthy housekeeper of the servants. None could explain the mystery to her, and it was little use asking Martin ; he had never been of a very communicative disposition, and late events had made him more taciturn than ever. All the inmates of the abbey except the domestics had retired to rest; they, although the abbey clock had long struck the hour of midnight, still remained, like a herd of frightened deer, gathered round the fire in Mrs. Jarmy's room—who so far waived her dignity on tbe occasion as to admit even the kitzhen maids to her apartment, to the great disgust of the servante of the Duchess of Devonshire, who, between themselves, pronounced the arrangement to be low, radical, and subversive of all order of the flunkey hierarchy. Still they did not choose to withdraw themselves—for the gloomy old mansion had infected them with its terror?, too. "How can you live in such a norrid place?" exclaimed her grace's own footman, to whom, as a point of hospitality, Nicholls had resigned his own place opposite the housekeeper. " It ain't fit for hany one as as nerves !" " Use, Mr. Flip—use !" replied the old lady, to hide her displeasure at hearing the ancient bouse of the Mowbray family called a " horrid place." The butler bit his lips, and remained silent; not so Martin, who occupied an. easy-chair in the chimney-nook. " What does he 6ay r inquired the old man. " He calls Carrow a horrid place," answered the kitchen- maid, who had noticed the disdainful glances which from time to time the aristocratic servants of the duchess cast towards her. " You should see Chatsworth!" continued the flunkey, without condescending to notice the interruption. " Ay, that you should !" chimed in the lady's maid. "And what is Chatsworth oompared to Carrow ?" exclaimed the aged groom, his eyes flashing with anger. " The mushroom to the oak; Carrow had stood five hundred years before the founder of Chatsworth had laid a single stone of itB foundation." " At any rate we have no ghosts there !'' observed the abigail of the ducheBS, tartly. " Of course you have not 1" replied Mrs. Jwmy, who began to feel her temper getting ' a little raffled; " it is only in very ancient houses like Car,row, and in the families of our oldest nobility, that each things are ever heard^of. .Thank Heaven!" she added, with a very'equivocal expression of satisfaction, " we have plenty here 1" " I don't believe a word of it!" exclaimed Mr. Flip. " Nor IT' addeff the lady's-maid. The housekeeper twitched the bunch of keys st her girdle rather nervously—a habit usual with her when thoroughly vexed. " Perhaps, ma'am," she said—it is a bad Sign when ladies begin to " ma'am" each other—" you would like to be convinced J" "Convinced!" " You or the gentleman—it is immaterial which of you; you have only to pass the night, or rather morning, in the green chamber, where Luly Blanche Mowbiay was found dead on her wedding night, to he thoroughly satisfied ! Shall I order it to be prepared for you ?" It is needless to any that the offer was instantly declined. " Or Mr. Flip, if he prefers it, may sit in the grea 1 ; hill," quietly observed the butler, " and see the marble statue of Sir Richard bow its head as the clock strikes twelve; pity it is too late to-night 1" " Or meet the ghost of the nun in the cloister V "Or that of the crusader in the chap.-l!" These last suggestions were made by the two old housemaids, who most devoutly believed the truth of every word they were uttering. The two sceptics, who were pceptics only out of opposition, began to look very blank at the variety of offers enumerated ; and the chivalrous Mr. Flip Beriously meditated soliciting permission of the butler to pass the rest of the night in his apartment, instead of his own, which was situated unpleasantly near the green chamber. "Do you mean to say, my dear Mrs. Jarmy," said the abigail, drawing her chair etill closer to that of the housekeeper, " that you have actually seen any of these horrible sights t" The old lady shook her head, and observed that it was not for her to talk of the strange sights she had seen in the family she hid so long and faithfully served. "One thing I will tell you," she added; " for although I was but a girl when it occurred, I remembered it as distinctly as if it had happened only yesterday 1" The domestics crowded round the speaker, every eye earnestly fixed upon her countenance, anxious to discover, if possible, whether she were in earnest, or sporting with their credulity. " I had been sent for," continued Bhe, " to assist my grandmother, the housekeeper, at Garrow, at the time of the Lady Blanche's marriage; half tbe nobility of the country were present. Well, the wedding passed over, the garter was dropped •—they kept np all such odd customs in those days—and the bride retired tn rest, when the dancers in the long gallery were startled by a loud scream aid the ringing of a bell-: " " Well—well!" exclaimed several of her auditors, looking very anxious and terrified. As she was about to continue her narration, a shribk from a distant part of the abbey was distinctly heard ; it br> ke the still of tbe night, like some despairing wretch's cry, struggling with hooded murder. Mrs. Jarmy turned deadly pale—the maids began to cling closely for protection to the valorous Mr. Flip, who seemed half- dead with fear; even old Martin, who had been listening attentively, iu his easy chair, half rose from his seat. " Did y-o-u h-e-a-a-r it ?" demanded the lady's-maid. Not only was the scream repeated, but it was followed by a violent ringing of one of the bells—in their terror they could not distinguish which. " We shall all be murdered !" groaned the aristocratic footman. "Worse—worse!" shrieked the duchess's waiting-woman j " carried off by the Martin's first idea was, that one of the domestics, in order to punish the impertinence and incredulity of their visitors, bad quietly withdrawn from. the housekeeper's room at the commencement of her tale, and given the scream aid rung tbe bell to alarm them; hut no—every servant was present. "This must be seen to!' he said, addressing the butler. "Y-e-e-s!" faltered the terriffed Nichollp. " Don't, look so angry, Martin !" he addfed; " I am a coward, I confess ; but I will do my duty 1" The two aged men took each a pistol from the chimney-piece, and left the room. It was in vaia that Mrs. Jarmy entreated of Flip to follow them. " He had every inclination," he said; "but duty prevented him." " Deity !" repeated the old lady, in a strong tone of contempt; " say rather faar! No matterl I will go myself!" And the faithful creature would actually have put her resolution into practice, had not the maids thrown their arms around her, and forcibly detained her in her seat. The report of a pistol was heard, followed by loud and continued screaming.' " It's my lady's voipe!" exclaimed the housekeeper, violently agitated ; " let me go: "There will be murder going on! sobbed one. " The ghost!" Again the otic® were repeated. With a desperate effort the aged woman broke from them and rushed out of the apartment, leaving those , who remained more dead than alive with terror. " It is all your fault!" observed the kitchen- maid, reproachfully. " Mine!" exclaimed Mr. Flip. " Yours; you would make RJrs., Jarmy speak of the ghSsts ! They/dpn't like it; real quality never does like to be talked about! As for me, I bean't afraid; but you—well—I don't wish to. make , you uncomfortable, but I wish you well out of Carrow!" From the bottom of their hearts the domestics of the duchess echoed back the wish ; mentally blaming fheir kind-hearted mistress for ever having set foot in such an uncomfortable abode. It is now"* time" th»t we invited our readers to accompany Joe Beans and his compamoi£ib-their pjufcuit of the shadowy form which had so-strarigely disappeared in the pavilion in the shrubbery. The narrow passage along which they steathily fpllowed the bfarer of the light was entirely of stonework, and of equal, if < not greater, antiquity, than the mansion. It had as many windings as a rabbitburrow, and where the abrupt turnings formed an acute angle, the arch was curiously groined with rude attemps at ornament, consisting principally of heads of monks and saints, carved in the corbels and coigns. Once or twice the li^ht became statiorary, as if the bearer of it paused to listen. Joe and Ralph paused, too, scarcely daring to breathe. After a moment or two it again advanced. Jo«, who was taking the leal, paused to permit bis companion to approach close to him. Placing bis lips close to the ear of the boy, he whispered : "Take off .your shoes; I will remove mine. Our footsteps alarm him." " Eee, Mister B-ans !" faltered Ralph. The light was nearly out of sight before they resumed their way. After groping their way for a considerable distance—made longer by the deviation of the passage—«,hey arrived at a narrow flight of stairs, similar to the one by which they had descended. Bith paused to listen. He is opening a door !" observed tbe young man to himself, as he heard the clicking of a spring or latch above. The next moment tin last ray of the lamp had disappeared, and they wtre left in total da koess. Thi fear now was that the midnight ruffian had gained entrance to tbe abbey, and closed the communication upon them. "The heart of tbe young man heat despairingly at the thought. Bidding his companion follow him, he mounted the steps, and arrived at whit appeared to be a solid partition of wood, barring his further progress ; a deep groan escaped him as he made the discovery. " Lord have mercy !" exclaimed Ralph. " What be that ?" " Silance!'' whispered Joe; " here is a door!" " Be it open, Mr. Beans ?" " No !" replied the rustic, despairingly. "Fool that I was to come here without tbe meats of procuring a light!" From this dilemma his companion fortunately relieved him by producing the tinder box and matches which he had U3ed in the hut of the warrener. A light was quickly procured. It burned sufficiently long to enable the faithful friend of our hero to discover an iron ring carefully let into the oaken frame-work of the panel. After pulling and pressing it in various directions, he felt the partition give way, and the next instant he and Rilph wero bolh stood in the well-rembered picture-gallery of Carrow Abbey. " It be all right at last!" whispered the latter. The moonlight was streaming through the stained windows, which ran the whole length of the apartment, rendering every object distinctly visible. Joe paused for a moment to reflect before he decided on his proceedings. "Stay here!" he paid to Red Rilph, "close by the secret entra ce." "But where be^at thee a-goin 1" demanded the boy. '; ".To -my du y! . YJUM is to remain herei "You can easily hide yourself behind one of the . cabinets.. If the pretended ghost should attempt to pass by the way we came—— "I'll shoot un !" exclaimed the urchin, with an -air of doterminV-ion, " thof I hang for it!" ; .At this moment the first Fcream and ringing of the bell, which had so alarmed the servants in the housekeeper's room was distinctly heard. Joe judged in an instant the direction it camB from. " Be firm," he said, " and I'll make a man of you!" Then, rushing to tbe end of the gallery, he disappeared through the door. " I'd rather thee corned back agio blubbered the boy, upon whose uncou'h nature the kindness of his companion had made a deep impression, " than have all the gowd they bay is buried at Cromwell House ! I do wish I knowed how to pray for ua ! God bless aa !—that ctn't do un harm, at any ra'e, thof if it does come from the heart of a poor, ignorant crittur So I say again,\G id bless un ! And now," he ad led, careluHy examiniug lh» priming of his pistol; "now for the ghost! should like to have a pop at un !" S » saying, he ensconced himself, as J >e had directed, behind one of tbe massive cabinets, which was placed in such a position that he could see all who entered the gallery, either at the east or west end, without being perceived by any intruders, Never in the course of bis brief existence had the lad endured such intense anxiety as whilst watching the entrance to the secret passage; but in the mid.-it of his hesitation be felt proud. Jje—h ; s friend, his .benefactor—had trusted him; they might have torn him in pieces before he would have abandoned his post. We must now follow the footsteps of Joe to tbe chamber of Ellen and Ltdy Mow-; bray. Tbe screams of the unhappy lady easily directed him towards it. Colonel Mowbray—for the pretended ghost was no other than the infamous brother of the. murdered baronet—had easily obtained access to the apartment by means of a key which he had caused to be made during the imprisonment of his niece, in order to aid the mad passion of Meeran Hafaz; though useless then, it served his purpose on the present occasion. Ellen and her aunt were both sleeping; a smile was on tbe half-open Hps of the fair girl—for her dreams were happy ones; the countenance of the widow was disturbed. For a few moments the sight of eo much loveliness and suffering staggered the villain in his design—which, to do him justice, extended no further than obtaining possession of tbe papprs; for which purpose he had brought the box which his scheming wife bad caused to be made— almost a facsimile of the one containing the papers; his object was to exchange them. Thjp he was detnrmined to do at any sacrifice, even that of life ; although, as a point of prudence, he was desirous of avoiding bloodshed. His irresolution was but momentary. Holding his breath, he cantiously advanced towards the side of the bed, and began gently to insert his hand under the pillow. S'ight as was the motion, it disturbed tbe orphan, who, starting from her'sleep, beheld, as she supposed, the flnde of the warrener bending over her. With a loud shrieic, which startled the 6lumbererby her side, the terrified girl sank into a state of insensibility — which probably preserved both their lives, aB it left the robber only one person to contend with—his brother's wronged and outraged widow. Lidy Mowbray's hand involuntarily caught at the cord of the bell; hence the peal which followed the cry of Ellen.: The ruffian tore it rudely from her grasp. " Who are you ?" she demanded wildly; " and what is your purpose 9" " The box!" whispered the colonel. Fortunately she had never seen the warrener; otherwise her fears might have exceeded Ellen's. " Never!" she repliod firmly. " Kill me, if you will; but never will I give up th$ clue to my lost child—the proofs that I am i worthy to hear, the njune of my murdered husband! What haye t done^ne added, bursting into tear?,that evil men should thus conspire against, me; . 5 Despite her naturally' feeble l state, the speaker clung to the casket with the despairing iBn9^y,jCif e a;mgt^.ei;'«Jove : Her ories became.louder ; the ^vil, passions of Colonel Mowbray wet^ excited, j He drew a clasp-knife, from hia pocket, : intending merely to cut her wrists adcl sever , the ten dons of Tier Tjinds—for he was pindent even to the last—when in thejstruggle his hat aha the Ibng, 1rpn-grey( jfrMjwjSch lie. had assumed to make hj?n -lobk like the warrener, fell off upon the bed. ! By the light - of • the mght-lamp pn the tajjle, his sister-in-law .^tecognised hjm immediately! and imprudently pronounced his name. • The intentions of the monger instantly eh*nged. Murder now became necessary to his safety. "Fool!" he.muttered ; " I woul3 have spared you." . f It was at this moment of egopy, cruelty, arid terror that Joe Beans, who had, reached the chamber, sprang.ujjon him. From nis being shoeless, the steps of the .faitbfnl fellow had not been_heard_-so that he took the ruffian unprepared. Seizing him by tbe neck, he hurled him with resistless force towards, the door. " S»ve me ! save me!" exclaimed L*dy Mowbray, clingir.g to the arm of her protector. " The box, dear lady V " Ah !" shrieked the widow-; " gonp— gone ! Think not of my worthless life— recover it, and I will bless you 1" The enetpy with which Joe Beans had separated the intended murderer from his victim, had enabled the former to overcome the failing strength of the widow, and retain the casket in his grasp. Although stunned for an instant by tbe fall, the colonel speedily recovered his self-possession ; and, darting through the open door, made the best of. his way towards the picture- gallery—Joe Beana following him like a bloodhound on the scent. . In the hope of alarming the household, Lady Mowbray once more sought the cord of the bell. As the heartless schemer entered, the picture-gallery at the west door, , with his prize under his arm, Martin and jJTicjiolls made their. appearance .atl of the apirtinent; even the courage of the olfTgroom was Btaggered wheh he twheld a figure s4 nearly resembling that of -his old enemy the warrener. His sight was'too dim and the place too obscure to enable him to discern the features—or the imposture, since the loss of the fclse hair and hat would have been instantly discovered. The butler uttered a loud groan, and fell upon his knees. Martin,, although terrified, steadily advanced ; a determination which proved fatal to him—for the colonel received him with a pistol-shot, which 6truck the old man in the .side;, he fell with a deep groa i, but waa -quickly nged ; for, whilst tho assassin was feeling for the spring to open the panel, Red Ralph crept cautiously behind him, and, placirg the muzzle of his vveappp.to the small of his back, fired the cojnteots into his body. . The vertebra were: broken— the intention of the boy had been to disable him. ~~ Colonel Mowbray writhed upon the polished floor, like a serp;nt crushed in its own blood. " I ha' hit un, Mister B. ans—I ha' hit un !" exclaimed Ralph, with a triumphant shout, as Joe entered the gallery; "he can't play the ghost any more !". The apartment was speedily crowded by tbe servants, whose terror had given"way to the courageous example of Mrs. Jarmy. All eagerly demanded an explanation. " Send to the rectory," said Joe, wiping the perspiration from his brow; "and remove Colonel Mowbray and poor old Martin into the. library. " He is thinkirg of his brother {" whispered Joe to the housekeeper ; "go you to the apartment of Lady Mowbiay—-this is no scene for yon ; I will attend to Martin ; and the colonel." • " Take me to 'thfc library, Joe!" whispered the old man; " place me ib Sit William's chair—I should like to die there! Promise me!" I do promisa you," said tbe young man ; " but cheer up—thee mustn't die yet!" " Soon—soon!" repeated the aged groom; " but not till aU is clear!" CHAPTER CXXIX. Scarcely had the grey-eyed' morning dawned on ,the hilta iand woody .tale Of Carrow, before the cumor spread, not only through the village, but from farm toiarm, that another murder had been perpetrated at the abbey. Men gazed upon each other, and asked what it could mean. A fatality seemed to hang over the time-honored walls of the old mansion, doomed to witness such a sucoeBsiori of terrible events. No sooner did Farmer Ashton and his dame hear theintelligence than they set out at once; theirs was the agony and impatience of affecfidn—they trembled lest their adopted son should have been the victitn. "He be safe, farmer—quite safe!" shouted Joe Beans, as he recognised the pony-chaiSe of his old master rattling at an unusual pace along the broad avenue. " Master Harry be in the library with rectpr, Colonel Butler, and the gentlefolk— not a hair of his head has been hurt!" An involnntary "Thank God!",broke from the lips of the aged couple at the intelligence. ^ As Joe stated, our hero, after assuring himself, in a momentary interview with the duchess, of the state of Ellen and Lady Mowbray, had joined the party in the library. He found Colonel Mowbray laid upon the sofa, sinking' fast, despair and death in every feature of his terrorstricken countenance.' Martin, calm and resigned, had been propped, as he desited, upon pillows in the chair of his beloved master. No sooner did he perceive hist young favorite, than he feebly extended bis hand, and tried to smile. Mrs. Jarmy and the rest of the servants who were standing around could not restrain their tears.' "It will soon be over, Harry," murmured the old man faintly; " but something tells me that the aloe:—you See I have not forgotten the name—will bloom yet ! ,r Oar hero shook his head ; his hopes of discovering the heit of'his benefactor were buried in the grave of his friend Walter. "Pray, Colonel Mowbray," said the rector, " reflect npon your dangerous state -—make some atonement for the crimes you have committed—do not rush into the presence'of your Maker with more' crimes than you havfc ^foeady committed upon your soul !". " Is there no hope,?" groaned the dyirg man.-c 4 "' ••• r • The surgeons, -whtr were standing near, assumed himthat there was none.' "Save me !" he said'frantioally, " and I will tell .everything—everything I Life— life I eVen atthe pries of infamy 1 I dare nofcdie?yet!" * •When - reluctantly convinced that his state' was beyotid the ireach of human skill, the despairing wretch closed his eyes and 1 maintained a dogged silence 3 no effort could induce him to speak. "Hardened," said the worthy clergyman with a sigh—" hardened to the lafet! As'he has lived, so will he die I' May God 1 forgive him. I" Scarcely a lip responded "Amen" to thd pttyer, sb thoroughly had his last mardcfrdatf abt disgusted the spectators with histtrimbst Poor Joe was like a distracted man; first consoling Susan, who had been seized with hysterics on hearing of her young lady's danger) then visiting poor Ralph in the temporary custody of the police; best called npon to answer the questions of the magistrates. Not even at the death of Sir William had such confusion reigned throughout the Abbey of Carrow. The door of the library opened, and, to the astonishment of all, the widowed Lady Mowbray—notwithstanding the sufferings, both mental and bodily, which she had findured—entered the apartment, leaning On the arm of the Duchess of Devonshire. Although her cheek was deadly pale, and her whole frame so weak that she could scarcely support herself, her maternal heart Was strong$ she came to make a last appeal to her enemy* to give her some clue to her abandoned son, "Walter" she Said, "like you, I am dying J in a few hours, perhaps, we shall both stand before the Judgment-^eat! Something tells me that to yon I owe the misery of my life—my dishonor in the eyeB of the world—the loss of my dear husband's love—of my poor boy! Be generous—let me embrace the imsge of his' father ere I die, and at the bar of heaven my prayer shall be 1 for mercy for your crimes!" A sneer curled the lips of Oolonel Mowbrfty; although dying, his heart was not touched'by the appeal. " Man J" she exclaimed, sinking on her knejss by the side of the sofa, " if you are human, feel for a mother's agony 1 It is f/9 mall bribe I offer j forglveow* pf I wrongs, like mine! I have been driven from my home—outiage has made me steep my hands in blood!—cruelty driven me mad—do you mark me, mal! My youth a blank—my age a withered, childless solitude ! One word!" "Never!" muttered the wretched man, with a look of fiend-like malice; " the only consolation I have left me is, that my death will destroy the last hope of your existence 1'' " Monster 1" exclaimed a deep voice near him. " Whose voice was that ? Who spoke With a painful effort, Colonel Mowbray turned his bead upon the pillow, and encountered the indignant g-auce of Henry Ashton. The distracted widow grasped the hand of her persecutor, and, in the most pathetic accents, conjured him to relent. But all was useless. The sight of her tears and agony seemed an alleviation to his pangs. " You know wha 1 . it is now to suffer 1" he gasped. "Ha! the secret dies with me ! You shall not even have the satisfaction of knowing whether your brat lives, or rots, like his father, in the grave! I loved you once," he added ; " but, woman-like, you preferred the rich brother to the poor one." " Have you no heart ?" said the rector. " None that your sophistry can touch ! I have no faith in repentance and the lies which you churchmen preach. You are right!" added the assassin, glaring on his crushed and broken-hearted victim. " The whisperings of your fancy did not deceive you! I incited the fool Lucas to believe you loved him—planned with him the scheme which lured you to your ruin. I would have seen you a dishonored, creeping thing! That failed," be continued, moodily, " but at least I leave you a childless one." " Heaven restrain' me!" exclaimed. our hero, transported beyond control .at the dastardly triumph Of the', speaker. "I shall forget the' debt of friendship due to the memory of Walter,. and strike the villain deftdj" " Base-born our I" /'Who says that Henry Ashton. is baseborn 1" demanded a tall, gentlemanly-looking personage, who had just entered the library with Colonel Butler, who had been engaged in another apartment, taking. the depositions of Joe, Baabs and Ealph. ; It was the Knan; ; Lqt his appearance was so changed :that,.but for. his voice, even his own brother, who was present/wo^ld not have recognised him. Henolotiger ware the dark beard which had hitberto covered half his. face, and his semi-Qriental 1 Costume was discarded. Colonel Mowbray started, and his eyes became fixed with a '16ok of malice and impotent rage upon the Speaker. " Philip," said the farmer, extending his hand to him, >that' be right! Tell the proud man thatHarry be no base-born cur, but the son of an'honest man 1 I have always said thee wor wedded, like dame and I, to his mother I" "'Philip Ashton 1 It ts Philip Ashton !" murmured old Martin. " Thank Heaven, it will be clear at last!" " Lady," said the Khan—for so we Bhall continue to call him—addressing the widow of 8ir William with profound respect, "fear not! Whatever the Resolution of that bold, bad man, hid malice will be impotent to harm your peace ! Your son yet lives!" A'cry of joy broke from the very heart of the'long-Buffering mother. "And will be found worthy of your love." "Your oath — your oath!" exclaimed Colonel Mowbray, furiously. "Binds me only whilst you live!" calmly Observed' the Khan. " Fear not—it shall be kept;-a few moments more or less will matter little ! If the fiends can wait, so "can this injured lady 1" The bitterness of the retort inflicted an additional pang upon the dying man, who would havd given worlds but for a few mirihtes of his former strength, that he might grapple with the speaker, and bury hiB secret with him in his grave. " Lift me up, Harry!" said Martin, lightly grasping his hand, " and do not leave me 1 My eyes grow dim—I would look upon yon to the laBt! Give me some cordial. I'must—I will—not die," he added, with energy," till after that bad man! It will bloom yet, boy—the aloe will put forth i'8 long-promised flower at last." " What mean you ?" exclaimed our hero, bewildered with the strange hopes and imaginings which crowded upon his brain; "do I dream?" " All will bo olotr soon, I told you it WQUW," The aged groom swallowed the cordial which Mrs. Jarmy hold to his lip?, his eyes all the while fixed upon with an expression of intense earnestness upon the countenance of Colonel Mowbray, who was sinking fast. "Keep me up!"—he kept repeating— " keep me up! I shall outlast him yet! For my dear master's sake, Heaven will give me strength—I feel it will 1" It was a moment of anxious expectation to all. The assassin gradually sinking, and yet from time to time making furious efforts to rally his departing strength'; the Khan calm and observant, standing at the tbot of the sofa, regarding him. " Lady Mowbray, half-fainting from excitement, was seated at the opposite end of the room, facing Martin. Occasionally her glance encountered that of Henry Ashton, and her widowed heart beat with newlyawakened emotions. " Should it be so!" she whispered to the duchess ; " should it be so 1" Her sympathising friend pressed her hand in silence. The death-Btruggle, preceded by the rattle in the throat, relieved them at length from their long agony of suspense. Colonel Mowbiay expired; the last words upon his lips, a curse—his last look, one of mingled defiance and hatred. " Dead !" said the surgeon ; " gone to his account at last!" At the words, Martin pressed the hand of our hero yet more firmly. " I knew I should outlive the rascal—I felt I should !" he said; " all will now be bright and clear at last!" (To be continued) 