ILLUSTRATED LONDON LETTER. Sh£U.£Y;S JQN\B K0Nl6, SHELLEY. Edition after edition of his poems, and biography after biography of hims'lf, speak to the absolute recognition of Shelley as one of the greatest of English poets. On the 4th of this month the centenary of his birth occurred, and all true lovers of the " vast and iridescent genius " have combined to do honour to his memory. Fifty years of fierce controversy over the man— his poetry has always been beyond dispute — has at last laid the evil ghost insisted on by his comtemporaries. But never at any time does Shelley seemed to have belonged to the world in which he moved ; it was only when quite removed from strangers that he shone in the conversation which all those who heard it — Leigh Hunt and Byron, too — have described as unique in its intellectual character, and for its perfect expression. But when all is said that can as yet be said on the subject of his poetry, it must be acknowledged that Shelley's powers, like that of all great geniuses, was posthumous ; and, like all true geniuses, his modesty was inherent. He placed Byron his superior, and reverenced, far above his own, the works of Keats and Coleridge, and even that of Thomas Moore. To-day the splendour of his light shines equally with the light of Byron, and wholly eclipses every other lyric singer of his time. The portrait which we give of the poet imparts only an outline of his face, which was unusually luminous with the inborn beauty of genius. His movements have been likened to those of a spirit — gliding and ethereal — in rhythm, as it were, with the harmony of his soul. Shelley was only thirty when he was drowned, so what he might have been in the years that were not to be his on this planet can never be known, but the work he left behind him has gained for him a place at the very summit of literary fame, and each year adds a lustre to his name. The poet was drowned on July 8th, 1823, in a sudden squall, near Leghorn. His remains were cremated, and the ashes interred in the Protestant cemetery at Rome, near the body of Keats. Our illustration gives the grave and its modest stone, erected by his friend Trelawney. A more imposing monument to his memory is that in Christ- church Minster, erected by Sir Percy and Lady Shelley. The impassioned figure of Mary Shelley dominates the chief subject, the naked, recumbent corpse of the drowned poet. Mr. Onslow Ford's monument to the poet stands in University College, Oxford. It renders a mourning muse over the effigy of Shelley — a work of powerful imagination and refined delicacy. Among the many memorials pro posed to mark this eventful centenary, the idea of Sussex to establish in his native town of Horsham a " Shelley Library and Museum " seems the most applicable and permanent. The bibliography of Shelley would fill a fair- sized catalogue. 