The Late Mr. Spurgeon. The Metropolitan Tabernacle. Dr. Plerson Resumes Duty. On Monday night, Octobor 31 (says the Hume Nemx) , Hie Pot. Dr. A. T. 1'ierson, temporarily resuming the pas torate of tho Metropolitan Tabernacle, presided at the usual weekly, prayer meeting, which was numerously attended. On making his nppoiU'rihcio on tho lower platform, nccompanied -by the office bearers, ho was greeted with a good deal of applause. Prosently a well- dressed man rose in a front seat of the fimh irtlllniitr (ins (h ti l.dii.i . i ,uuu rwiuu JJiuu, "Before Dr. Piersoti is heard I. claim the right to put a question. The ques tion is— (Interruption,-' and cries 'of ' Put lirn out.') I claim my right, I wish to . ask — (renewed shouts of ' Sit down.') I will not sit down. My question is whether Dr. Picrson is an imtnorsod believer?" Several male members of the congregation wont to tho interrogator nnd tried to pacify him. Ho, however, dcclinod 'their friendly overtures, .whereupon an effort was m i'de to move him from the pew. Meanwhile an elderly man sitting on tho seat im mediately behind him loudly repented tho question. He was at onco forcibly led along the piusngo and taken to tlio top of the. outer staircase, whore ho was .mot with cries of " Shame" and " Send for a policeman and lock him up." A hymn was now given out, and whilo it was being sung the first disturber was carrying on an altercation with tlioso who wore nttoinpting to eject him. After a struggle ho was got out of tho pew and taken outside the building. On qrdor boing restored, Dr. Piorson hdvanced to . the. front of the platform amid a further demonstration of wel come. He -hoped, he said; his hearers would not be disturbed by what had. taken place. Ho beliovod the Holy: Ghost wns thoro, and that hodiad come amongst them in fulfilment of a divine commission. His first uttoranco would be one of pi-ayer, and ho asked thom nil to aeeompnriy him with a pure heart and a humble voice to thoir Father's Throno. At tho close of the devotional exercises, in which- one of tho office-bearer's also took part, tho rev! gentleman delivered a short address, taking ns his text tho first six verses of the 42nd chapter of Jeremiah, ending with the words : " Whether it be good or whether it he evil, wo ivill obey the voico of the Lord our God, to 'whom we send thee," <&c..; He pointed out thnt a minister of the Gospel was not a lord- over God's 'heri tage, a tyrant, or a despot, but a mediator botvyeon God and riirin. The, difficulty, and responsibility of a Oliris- tian .minister was ' not .sufficiently appreciated; It wns not the man that ' had; to bo considored, but the sacredu'ess of hia office, no matter' whether |io who held . it were old, ignorant or learned. He had seen how dangerous it was; to trifle with" the ministry of Christ. Some 30 years ago in America' an attempt wns nvido to oust from his pastorate an old innu and put in his place a porsou ac cording to their owu worldly minds ; but on the day when the. thing was to! bo douo tho vory man who was to throw tho boinb of discord amongst the congregation 'suddenly fell dead. He /'Tli Pinwmii HiH nnt refill t.1in(:inrMnhr ns applying to anything connected with the Tabernncle; God; forbid that Ho should do so. Ho did not wniit rovoronco, albeit ho desired to gain their continued respect. Whatsoever the Lord said to him, he would declare,; whothor for good or evil j nnd ho trusted thnt' what was so declared would, bo. re ceived tneokly and ill faith. .If they all cousecrntod themselves to the saving of souls, thoy would make hot work for the devil this winter, and give oc- casion for - rejoicing by tho , saints on oarth, as well as among the angels ill HonvOn. 