THE 1 - UICK OF TIE WOODS. 4 CHAPTER II.— (Continued.) Whatever might be thought of this singular story it gained some believers, and was pnouh, in the Hands of Braxley, a man of irre&t; address and resolution, and withal a t.n enable him to laugh to scorn the feeble efforts made by the impoverished Roland to bring it to the test of legal arbitrament. Despairing, in fact, of his cause after a few trials had convinced him of his impotence, and erhaps himself almost believing the tale to be true the young man gave up the contest, and directed his thoughts to the condition of his cousin Edith, who, upon the above circum stances being made known, had received a warm invitation to the house and protection of her only female relative, a married lady, whose huBband had two years before emigrated to the Falls of Ohio, where he was now a person of considerable importance. This invitation de termined the course to be pursued. The young man instantly resigned his commission, and converting the little property that remained into articles necessary to the emigrant, turned his face to the boundless West, and, with his helpless kinswoman at his side, plunged at once into the forest. a home for Edith, in the house of a relative, was the first object of his desires; his seooiid, as he had already mentioned, was to I&J; the foundation for the fortunes of both. There was something in the condition of the voung and almost friendless adventurers to interest the feelings of the hardy Kentueki&n;, but they were affected still more strongly by the generous self-sacrifice, as it might be called, which the young soldier was evidently making for his kinswoman, for whom he had given up an honorable profession and his hopes of fame and distinction, to live a life of inglorious toil jn the desert. He gave the youth another energetic grasp of hand, and said, with un common emphasis — "Hark'e?, Captain, my lad, I love and honor ye, and I could 6av no more if you war my own naitcral born father! As to that 'ar' Richard Braxley, whom I called my old friend, you must know it war an old custom I have of calling a man a friend who war only an acquaintance ; for I am for being friendly to all men that ar' white and honest, aud no Injuns. Now, I do hold that Braxley to be a raBO&l;, a precocious rascal, sir ! and I rather reckon thar war lying and villainy at the bottom of that will : and I hope you'll live to see the truth of it." The sympathy felt by the Kentuckian in the story, was experienced in a still stronger degree by Telie Doe, the girl of the loom, who, little noticed, if at all, by the two, sat- apparently occupied with her work, yet driDking in every word uttered by the young soldier with- a deep and eager interest, until Roland, by chance looking round, beheld her large eyes fastened upon him with a wild, sorrowful look, of which, however, she herself seemed quite un conscious, that greatly surprised him. The Kentuckian, observing her at the same time, called to her, 44 What, Telie, my girl, are you working upon a holiday? You should be dressed like the others, and making friends with the stranger lady. And so git away with you now, and make yourself handsome, and don't stand thar, looking as if the gentleman would eat you." "A du'ar crittur she. nnnr thincr f" saiM Bruce, looking after her commiserati&gly; ; and a stranger might think her no more nor half witted. But she has sense enough, poor crittur ! and, I reckon, is just as smart, if she war not so humble and skittish, as any of my own daughters." " Y> hat," said Roland, 44 is she not then your child?" (( " » E0''' replied Bruce, shaking his head ; "a poor crittur, of no manner of kin whatever. Her father war an old friend, or acquaintance- Ike; for, rat it, I won't own friendship for any such apostatised villains, no how: — hut the man war taken by the Shawnees ; and so as thar war none to befriend her, and Bhe war bat a little chit no bigger nor my hand, I took to her myseif and raised her. But the worst of it is, and that s what makes her so wild and smeary, her father, Abel Doe, turned Injun himself, like Girty, Elliot, and the rest of inem refugee scoundrels you're h'ard of. Now t,\at $ enough, you see, to make the poor thing Eaa ana frightful ; for Abel Doe is a rogue, tnar s no denying, and everybody hates and cusses him, sg is but his due ; and it's natteral, now she e growing old enough to be ashamed of mm, she shouldn't be ashamed of herself too, — though thar's nothing but her father to charge against her poor crittur'. A bad thing for her to have an Injunised father ; for if it warn't 21 u', reckon, my son Tom, the brute, i(T) er» au< marry her." 'Poor creature, indeed!" muttered Roland ? 2 c,on, lasting, in thought, the con- tv, s kelpless and deserted girl, with at of his own unfortunate kinswoman, and Eigmng to ackuovledge that it was still more forlorn and pitiable. v,c,-JS Jbp&thy; was, however, but short lived : nnr luterrypted, on the instant, by a loud ';vr of ,vo,'fe.s the gate of the stockade, nding naif m mirth, half in triumph ; while J hnior Bruce was. .seen approaching, the porch, looking the very messenger of good news. ' CHAPTER HI. "What's the matter, Tom Bruce?" said the father, eyeing him with surprise. "Matter enough,' responded the young with a grin of mingled awe and delight ; the J lbbenainosay is up again !" "Whar?" cried the senior, eagerly,— "not in our limits ?" J "No, by Jehoshaphat," replied Tom; "hut nigh enough to be neighborly,— on the north bank of Kentuck, whar he has left his mark right m the middle of the road, as fresh as though it war but the wcrk of the morning !»' eleer mark, Tom ? — no mistake in it r " Right - to an iota !" said the young man a reggelar cross on the breast, and a good tomahawk dig right through the skull; and a long-legg'd fellow, too, that looked as though he might have fou't old Sattan himself ?" ' 4 It's the JibbenainOsay, sure enough; and so good luck to him!" cried the . " thar's a harricane coming !" ' " Who is the Jibbenainosay ?" demanded J. Oix6Sl6F« " Who ?" cried Tom Bruce : " Why. Nfek Nick of the Woods." ny, i\\-ck, Who, if you please, is Nick of the Woods t" "Thar," replied the junior, with another grin, "tnar, stranger, you're too hard for me. Some think one thing, and some another; but thar's many reckon he's the devil." - ''And his mark, that you weret&lking; of in such mysterious terms, —what is that ?" 14 Why, a dead Injun, to he sure, with Nick's mark on him— a knife-cut, or a brace of 'em, over the ribs in the shape of a cross. That's the way the Jibbenainosay marks all the meat of his killing. It has been a whole year now since we h'ard of him." " Captain," said the elder Bruce, " you don't seem to understand the affa'r altogether; but j if you were to ask Tom about the Jibbenainosay j till doomsday, he could tell you no more than he has told already. You must know, thar's a creatur' of some sort or other that ranges the woods round about our station h'yar, keeping a sort of guard over us like, aud killing all ths brute Injuns that ar' onlucky enough to come in his way, besides scalping them and marking . them wiih his mark. The Injuns call him Jibbenainosay, or a word of that na+ur', which them that know more about the Injun gabble than I do say means the Spirit-that- walks ; and . if we can believe any such lying devils as Injuns (whjph I am loth to do, for the truth ar'n't in 'em), he is neither man nor beast, but a great ghost or devil that kpife cannot harm nor : bullet touch ; and thsy have always had an idea that our fort h'yar in partickelar, and the country iound about, wap, under his friendly protection— many thanks to him, whether he be a devil or not; for that war the reason the savages so soon left off a worrying of us." " Is it possible," said Roland, "that anyone can believe such an absurd story ?" 44 Why not ?' ' said Bruce, stoutly. 44 Thar's the Injuns themselves, Shawnees, Hurons,Dela waxes and all — but partiokelarly the Shawnees, for he beats all creation a-kilHng of Shawnees— that believe, in him, aud hold him in such eternal dread, that, thar's scarce a brute of 'em has come within 10 miles of the station h'yar this three y'ar ; because as how, he haunts about our wooas h'yar in partickelar, and kills 'em wheresomever he catches 'em — especially the Shawnees, as I said afore, against which the creatur' has a most butchering spite ; and there's themamong the ether tribes that call him Shawneewannaween, or the Howl of the Shaw nees, because of his keeping them ever a-howl- ing. And thar's his marks, captain — what do you make of that ? When you find an Injun lying scalped and tomahawked, it stands to reason thar war something .to kill bim." " Ay, truly," said Forrester ; " but I think yon have human beings enough to give the credit to, without referring it to a supernatural one.' 44 Strannger," said Big Tom Bruce the younger, with a sagacious nod, " when you kill an Injun yourself, I reckon — , meaning no offenoe — you will be willing to take all the honor that can come of it, without leaving it be scrambled after by others. Thar's no man 'arns a scalp in Kentucky, without taking great paius to show it to his neighbors." " And besides, captain," said the father, very gravely, "thar are men among us who have Bee the creatur' ! " 44 That," said Roland, who perceived his new friends were not well pleased with his incredu lity, " is an argument I can resist no longer." 44 Thar war Ben Jones, and Sam Sharp and Peter Small-eye, and a dozen more, who all had a glimpse of him stalking through the woods, at different times ; and, they agree, he looks more like a devil nor a mortal man — a great tall fellow, with horns and a hairy head Eke a buffalo-bull, and a little devil that looks Eke a black b'ar, that walks before him to point out the way. He war always found in the deepest forests, and that's the reason we cail him the Nick of the Woods ; wharby we mean Old Nick of the Woods ; for;we hold him to be the devil, thongh a friendly one to all but the Injuns. Now, captain, I war never A. k n A T MA if AAk CUpOIfiUUUUB Ili Uiy 1U.W — UUt 1 gu 1UV ucaiu VU the Jibbenainosay 1 I never eeed the creatur' himself, but Ihave 6een, in my time, two diffe rent savages of his killing. It's a sure sign, if yon see Mm in the woods, there' b In j uns at hand; and it's a good sign when you find his mark without seeing himBelf , for then you may be sure the brutes are off— for they can't stand old Nick of the Woods no how f At first, he war never h'ard of afar from our station ; but he has begun to widen his range. Last year he left his marks down Salt River in Jeffer son; and now, you see, he is striking game north of the Kentucky ; and I've h'ard of them that say he kills Shawnees even in their own oonntry ; though consarning that I'll not be so partickelar. No, no, Captain, thar's no mistake : in Nick of the Woods ; and if yoit are so minded, we will go and h'ar the whole news of Mm. But I say, Tom," continued the Ken tuckian, as the three left the porch together, 44 who brought the news ?" " Captain Ralph — Roaring Ralph Stackpole," repEed Tom Bruce, with a knowing and humorous look. 3 <> What !' cried thefaiher, in sudden alarm : " Look to the ikirsee, Tqta i" r v "I will," said the youth,laughlng ; " it war no' sooner known toat Uaptainitalph war among us, -than it Was resolved to have six Regulator in the range, all night ! Thar's some of these new colts (not speak of bur own creature), and especially that blooded brown beast of the captain's, which the nigger calls Brown Briery, or some such name, would set a better man than Roaring Ralph Stock- pole's mouth watering." 44 And who," said Roland, " ib Roaring Ralph Stockpole ? and what has he to do with Brown Briareus ?" " A proper fellow as ever you saw," repEed Tom, approvingly — " killed two InjunB once, single handed, on Bear-Grass, and has stolen more horses from them than ar' another man in Kentucky. A prime creator' ! hut he has his fault, poor fellow, and sometimes mistakes a Christian 'a horse tor an Injuns, thar's the truth of it !" - " And sueh scoundrels you make officers of?" demanded toe soldier, indignantly. " Oh," said the elder Bruce, " thar's no regular commission in the case. But whar thar'B a knot of our poor folks out of hones, and inclined to steal a lot from the Shawnees (which is all fa'r plundering, you-eee, for thar's not a horse among them, toe . brutes, that they did not steal from Kentucky), they send for Roaring Ralph, and make him thar captain ; R.n/1 n rinnjfui Ann fia to 4aa Krmiv oil flirlif from top to bottom; and aa for the stealing part, thar's no one can equal Mm. But, as Tom says, he sometimes does make mistakes ; having stolen horses so often from the Injuns he can scarce keep his hands off a Christian's, and that makes us wrathy." By this time toe speakers had reached the gate of the fort, and passed among the cabins outside, where they found a throng of the villagers surrounding the captain of horse- thieves, and listening with great edification to, and deriving no- little amusement 'from, Ms account ed tbe last achievement of the Jib- benaikosay . Of this, as it related no more th«Ti the young Bruce had already repeated — namely, that while riding that morning from the north side, he had stumbled upon the -corpse of an Indian, which bore all toe marks of having been a late victim to the wandering demon of the woods — we shall say nothing ; but tbe appearance and conduct of the narrator, one of the first, and perhaps the parent, of the race 'of men who have made Salt River So renowned in story, were such as demand a less summary notice. He was stout, bandy-legged, broad-shouldered, bull-headed, ugly, and had a villainous look; yet with an impudent, swag gering, joyous self-esteem traced in every feature, and expressed in every action of body, that rather disposed the beholder to laugh than to be displeased at his appearance. An old blanket or wrap-rascal, once white, but now of the same muddy brown hue that stained his visage — and once also of sufficient- length to defend his legs, though the skirts had long since been transferred to the cuffs and elbows, where they appeared in huge patches — covered the upper part of his body: while the lower boasted a pair of buckskin breeches and leather wrappers scmewhat its junior in age, but its rival iu mud and macu- lation. An old round fur hat, intended originally for a boy, and only made to fit his head by being split in sundry places at the bottom, thus leaving a dozen yawning gaps, through which, as through the chinks of a lattice, atole out as many stiff bunches of black hair, gave to the capital excrescence an air as ridiculous as it was truly uncouth ; which was not a little increased by the absence of one side of toe brim, and by a loose fragment of it hang ing down on the other. To give something martial to an appearance in other respects so Anfinnnifin an/1 ka Vin Vita viAn en other usual equipments of a woodsman, in cluding the knife and the tomahawk ; the first of which he carried in his hand, swinging it abcut, at every moment, with a. vigour and apparent carelessness well fitted to discompose a nervous person, had any such happened among his auditors. As if there was not enough in his figure, visage, and attire, to move the mirth of beholders, he added to other attrac tions a variety of gestures and antics ef the most extravagant kinds, dancing, leaping, and dodging about, clapping his hands and cracking his heels together, with the activity, restless ness, and, we may add, the grace, of a jumping jack. Such was the worthy, or unworthy, son of Salt River, a man wholly unknown to his- history, though not to local and traditional fame, and much less to the then inhabitants of Brace's Station, to whom he related his news of toe Jibbenainosay, with that emphasis and im portance of tone and manner which are most significantly expressed in the phrase of " laying down the law." As soon as he saw the commander of the station approaching, he cleared the throng around him, by a skip and a hop, seized the colonel by the hand, and, doing the same with the soldier, before Roland could repel Mm, as he would have done, 44 GKd to see you, cunnel ; — same to you, 8 tr anger — What's the news from Vir- ginnie? Stranger, my name's Ralph Stack- pole, and I'm a ring-tailed squealer ! " 44 Then, Mr Ralph Stackpole, the ringtailed squealer," said Roland, disengaging Ms hand, " be so good as to pursue your business, without regarding or taking any notice of me." 44 'Tarnal death to me!" cried the captain of horse thieves, indignant at the rebuff, 44 I'm a gentlemany-and my name's Fight ! Foot and httod, tcoth and nail, claw and mud-scraper, knife, gun and tomahawk, or any other way you choose to take, I'm your man I Cockra- doodle-doo 1" And, with that, the gentleman jumped into the air, and flapped his wings, as much to the astonishment of the provoker of his wrath, as of any other person present. 44 Gome, Ralph," said the commander of the station, 44 whar'd' you steal that brown mar' thar?" — a question whose abruptness somewhat qnelled the ferment of the man's fury, while it drew a roar of laughter from the lookers-on. 44 Thar it is ! " said he, striking an attitode, and dapping a hand on his breast, like a man who felt Mb honor unjustly assailed. 44 Steal ! I steal anv horse but an Injun's !. W har's the man dar's insinivate that? Blood mid massa- cree ation ! wharis toe man ? " 44 H'yar," said Bruce, very composedly. 44 1 know toe old mar' belongs to Peter Harper, on the north side." 44 Your right, by Hooky !" cried Roaring Ralph ; at which admission of his- knavery toe merriment of the spectators was greatly in creased ; nor was it much lessened when- toe fellow proceed ed to aver that he had borrowed it, and that with the express stipulation that it should be left at Bruce's station, subject to the ordersof iteowner, ' Thar, cunnel." aud he, 44 toa's the beast;, take it ; Mad just tell toe one yotimean to lend me, — for I must be off afore sunset." i 44 And whar are you going?" demanded Bruce. 44 To St. Asaph's , ' ' — wMch was a station some 20 or 30 miles off, — replied Captain Stack - pole, . , 44 Too far for the Regulators to follow, Ralph," said Colonel Brhce ; at wMchtha young men present laughed louder than ever, ana eyea toe visitor in a way that teemed both to dis- S& hi. <ivouW A ihafi itt authority, tad my sUperfor officer : wharfo' thar can be no ecstiping between us. j But my njame's - Tom Dowdle," the ragman!'' he screamed, suddenly skipping into the thickest "of the ihrong,:and sounding a note of defiance ; 44 myname'8 Tom Dowdle, the ragman j and . I'm for any man that insults me ; long-leg or leather-breechesr green-shirt or blanket-coat, land -trotter or river-roller — I'm the man for a massacree!" Then giving himself a twirl upon his foot, that would have done credit to -a dancing-master, he: proceeded to other antic demonstrations of. hostiUty, wMch, . when per forated in after years on the banks of toe Lower Mississippi, by Mm and his worthy imitators, were, we suspect, the cause of their receiving toe name of the mighty alligator. It is said, by naturalists, of tMs monstrous reptile, that he delights, when the returning warmth of spring has brought Ms fellows from their holes, and placed them basking along the banks of a . swampy lagoon, to dart into the centre of toe expanse, and challenge the whole field to combat. He roars, he blows- toe water from Ms nostrils, he lashes it with his tail, he whirls i round mid round, churning the water into foam, until having worked himaelf into a proper fury, he darts back again to the shore to seek an antagonist. Had the gallant captain of horse-thieves boasted the blood, as he after wards did the name, of an 44 alligator half- breed," he could scarcely have conducted him self in a way more worthy of his parentage. TX IAAWAJ 4-I.A 11 _ L„_ mw vuc uuutreui btl9 uuOfigf WIeFc!f having found elbow-room for his purpose, he performed the gyration mentioned before, fol lowing it up by other feats expressive of his hostile humour. He flapped Mb wings and crowed till every chanticleer in the settlement replied to the note of battle ; he snorted and neighed Eke a horse ; he bellowed like a bull ; he barked like a dog ; he yelled like an Indian ; he wMned like a panther ; he howled like a Wolf, until one wcnld have, thought he- was a living menagerie, comprising within his single body the spirit of every animal noted for its love of conflict. Then, not Content with such a display of readiness to fight the field, be darted from the centre of the area allowed M»u for Mb exercise, and invited toe lookers-on individually to battle. 44 Whar'e your buffalo- bull," he cried, 44 to cross horns with the roarer of Salt River ? Whar's your full-blood colt that can shake a saddle off ? h'var's an old nag can kick off the top of a buck-eye ! Whar's your cat of the Knobs ? your wolf of the Rolling Prairies? h'yar's the old brown b'ar can claw the bark of a gum-tree ? H'yar's a man for you, Tom Bruce ! Shame to you, Sim Roberts ! to you, Jimmy Big-nose ! to you, ; and to you, and to you I Ar'n't I a ring- tailed squealer 'r Cau go down Salt on my back, and swim up the OMo ! Whar's the man to fight Roaring Ralph Stackpole ?" Now, whether it happened that there were none present inclined to a c<mte st with such a champion, or whether it was that the young men looked upon the exMbition as a mere bravado .meant rather to amuse, them than irri tate, it so occurred that not one of them accepted the challenge, though each, when per sonally called on, did his best to add to the roarer s fury, if fury it really were, by letting off sundry jests in relation to borrowed horses and regulators. (It is scarce necessary to in form the reader that by this term must be understood these public-spirited citizens, amateur jack-ketches, who administer Lynch- law in districts where regular law is but inefficiently, or not at all, established. That the fellow's rage was in great part assumed, Roland, who was at first somewhat amused at his extravagance, became soon convinced, and growing at last weary of it, he was about to signify to his host his inclination to return into the fort, when the appearance off another individual on the ground, suddenly gave promise oi new entertainment. CHAPTER IV. 44 If you're ralely ripe for a fight, Roaring Ralph," cried Tom Bruce the younger, who had shown, Eke the others, a greater disposi tion to jest than to do battle with the cham pion, 4 4 here comes the very man for you. Look, boys, thar comes Tiger Nathan !" At which formidable name there was a loud shout set up, with an infinite deal of laughing and clapping of hands. 44 Whar's the fellow ?" cried Captain Stack- pole, springing 6ft. into the air, and uttering a ' whoop of anticipated triumph. 44 I've heerd of the brute, and. 'tarnal death to me, but I'm Mb super-superior ! Show me toe critter, and let me fiy I Cock- a doodle doo !" 44 Hurrah for Roaring Ralph Stackpole !' cried the young men ; some of whom pro- : ceeded to pat hira on the back in compliment to Ms courage, while others rau forward to hasten the approach of the expected antagonist. The appearance of the comer, at a distance, promised an equal match to the captain of : horse-tMeves ; but Roland perceived, from the increase of merriment among the Kentuckian s, and especially from his host joining heartily in it, that there was more in Tiger Nathan than met the eye. And yet there was enough in his appearance to attract attention, and to con vince the soldier that if Kentucky had shown Mm, in Captain Stackpole, one extraordinary specimen of her inhabitants, she had others to exhibit not a whit less remarkable. It is on the frontiers, indeed, where adventurers from every corner of the world, and from every circle of society, are thrown together, that we behold the strongest contrasts, and the strangest varieties, of human character. Casting his eyes down the road, or Btreet (for it was flanked by toe outer cabins of the settlement, and perhaps deserved the latter name), which led, among stumps and gullies, from toe gate of toe stockade to toe bottom of the hill, Forrester beheld a tall man approach ing, leading an old lame wMte horse, at the heels of wMch followed a Ettle silky haired black or brown dog, dragging its tail betwixt its legs, in compliment to toe curs of toe Station, which seemed as hospitably inclined to spread a field of battle for the submissive brute, as their owners were to make ready another for its master. The first thing that surprised the soldier, in toe appearance of the person bearing so formidable a name, was an inoongruity which struck others as well as Mmself, even the colone) of militia exolaiming as he pointed it out with his finger, 14 It's oF Nathan Slaughter, to the backbone! Thar he comes, the brute, leading a horse in his hand, and carrying his pack on Ms own back ! But he's a merciful man, Old Nathan, and the horse thar, old WMte Dobbin, was foundered and good for notMng ever since the boyB made a race with Mm against Sammy Parker's jackass." Ashe approached yet nigher, Roland per ceived that his tall, gaunt figure was arrayed in garments of leather, from top to toe; even Ms cap, qr hat (for suon it seemed, having several broad 'flaps suspended by strings, so as to serve the purpose of a brim), being composed of fragments of tanned Bkins rudely sewed to gether, His upper garment differed from a hunting shirt only in wanting the fringes usually appended to it, and in being fashioned without any regard to the body it encom passed, so that, in looseness and shapelessnesst it lopked more Eke a sack than a human ¦vest ment; and, Uke his branches and leggins, it bore the marks of the ; feast teverehd antiauitv being covered with patches, and stains of ail ages, sizes, and colors. Thus far Tiger Nathan's appearance was not inconsistent with Mb name, being uncom monly wild and savage ; and to assist in m im- . taining his claims to toe title, he had a long rifle on his shoulder, and a knife in his belt, both of wMch were in a state of dilapidation worth of his .equipments; the knife, from long use and age, being worn so thin that it seemed " _ scarce worth the carrying, while toe rifle boasted a stock so rude, shapeless,.- and, as one would have judged from its magnitude and . -fi/k nnfiOPrnphoKlA fhof if urac haow MUMWA T 40VWW4VJ . AW V VttBJ . W " believe it had been constructed by the unskil ful hand of Nathan Mmself. His visage seemed to belong to a man of at least forty- five or fifty years of age, was hollow, and almost as weather- worn as his apparel, with a long-hooked nose, prominent chin, a wide mouth exceedingly straight and piuched, with a melancholy or contemplative twist at the corners, and a pair of black staring eyes, that beamed a good-natured, humble and perhaps submissive, simpEoity of disposition. His gait, ; too, as he stumbled along up the hill, with a shuffling, awkward, hesitating step, was like that of a man who apprehended injury and insult, and who did not possess the spirit to re- sent them. The fact, moreover; of Ms sustain ing on his own shoulders a heavy pack of deer and other skins, to reEeve the miserable horse which he led, betokened a merciful temper, scarce compatible with toe qualities of a man of war and contention Another test and criterion by which Roland judged his claims to the character of aroaiVr. he founl in the little black dog ; for the Virginian was a devout bsEever, as we are ourselves, in that maxim of practical philosophers, namely that by the dog you shall know the master; the oae being fierce, magnanimous or cowardly, just as his master is a bully, a gentleman or a dastard. The Ettle dog of Nathan was evidently a coward, creeping along at White Dobbin's heels, and seeming to suppEcate, with his tail, which now draggled in the mud, and now attempted a timid wag, that Ms fellow- curs of the Station should not be rude and inhospitable to a peaceful stranger. . On the whole, the appearance of the man was anything in the world but that of the ferocious ruffian whom the nick-name had led Roland to anticipate ; and he scarce knew whether to pity him, or to join in the laugh with wMch the young men of the settlement greeted his approach. Perhaps his sense of the ridiculous would have disposed the young soldier to merriment ; but the wistful look with which, while advancing, Nathan seemed to deprecate the insults he evidently expected, spoke volumes of reproach to his spirit, and toe half- formed smile faded from Ms countenance. . 44 Thar!" exclaimed Tom Bruce, slapping Stackpole on toe shoulder, with groat glee , 44 thar's toe man that called himBelf Dannger t At him, for the honor of Salt River ; but take care of his forelegs, for, I tell you, he's the Penn&ylvany; war-horse !' 44 And ar'n't I toe ramping tiger of toe Rolling Fork?" cried Captain Ralph; 44 and can't I eat Mm, hoss, dog, dirty jacket and all ? Hold me by toe tail, while I devour him 1" With that, he executed two or three es capades, demivoltes, curvets and other antics of a truly equine character, and, galloping up to the amazed Nathau, saluted him with A neigh so shriU and hostile, that wren WMte Dobbin pricked up his ears, aud betrayed other symptoms of alarm. 4 4 Surely, Colonel," said Roland, 44 you will not allow that mad ruffian to assail toe poor . man ?" - 44 Oh," said Bruce, 44 Ralph won't hurt Mm ; he's never vicious, except among In ions and , horses. He's only for shearing to© old feller." - 44 And, who," said Forrester, 44 may the old feller be? and why do yon call him Tiget Nathan?" r 44 We call him Tiger Nathan, "re plied the commander, because he's toe only man in alt Kentucky that won't fight ! tud that's the way he beats us, all hollow. Lord, Oaptaln you'd hardly believe it, but he's nothing more than a poor Pennsylvsuy Quakes , anc what brought him out to Ken hioky whar that's nor another creator or his 't Kbe. thar'a no knowing. .Spine say he war ffishoaest, and so had to cut loose from Fenn- > Wlvany : but I never heerd of his stealing Anything iu Kentucky; I reckon thars too touch of the chicken about him for that. Some B&v; he is hunting rich lands; which war like enough for anybody that war not so poor ana lazv. And some say his wits are unsettled, and I hold that's the truth of the creatur ; for he does nothing but go wandenng up and down the country, now h'yar and now thar, hunting for meat aud skins; and thats pretty much the way he makes a living ; and once 1 see'd the creatur' have a fit— a right up-aua- down touch of the falling- sickness, with his mouth all of a foam. Thar's them that s good- natur'd that calls him Wandering Nathan, be cause of his being h'yar and thar, and ©very whar. He don't seem much afear'd of the Injuns ; but, tbey say, the red brutes never disturbs the Pewisylvany Quakers. Howsom ever, ha makeB himself useful ; for sometimes lift findB Injun sign whar thar's no Injuns thought' of, and so he gives information; but he always does it, as he says, to Bave blood shed, not to bring on a fight. He comes to me once, thar's more than three years ago, and instead of saying, 4 Cunnel, thar's twenty Injuns lying on the road at the lower ford of Bait, whar you may nab them, says he, 6ays he, 4 Friend Thomas, thee must keep the j people from going nigh the ford, for thar's Injuns thar that will hurt them and then he takes himself off ; whilst 1 rides down thar with twenty-five men, and exterminates them, killing six, and driving the others the Lord knows whar. He has had but a short time of it amongst us, poor creatur ; for it used to make us wrathy to find thar war so little fight in him that he wouldn't bo much as kill a murdering Injun. I took his gun from him once; for why, he wouldn't attend muster when I had enrolled him. But I pitied the brute ; for he was poor, aud thar war but little corn in his cabin, and nothing to shoot meat with ; and so I gave it back, and told him to take his own ways, for an old fool." (to be continued.) 