HICK OF THE WOODS. CHAPTER XI, — (Continued.) i " How, friend," said Nathan, " thee will have . snore respect for Peter; for, truly, it was Peter . told me of these things, whan I was peaceably -Jiunting my game in the forest. He showed see the track of five ignorant persons rambling through the wood, as the hawk flies in the air, —round, round, round, all the time,— or Iikean ox tnatnas oaen orowsing on the leaveB of the buok-eye ; and be showed me that five evil, minded Shawuees were punning in their trail. (The buck-eye, or American horse-chestnut, . teems to be universally considered, in the West. . « mortal poison, both fruit and leaves. Cattle .affected by it are said to play many remark able antics, as if intoxicated— turning, twisting ,«ad rolling about and around, until death doses their agonies.) So, thinks I to myself, 4 these poor creatures will come to misohief, if no one gives them warning of their danger:' and, therefore, I started to follow, Voter showing me the way. And, truly, if there em any good come of me findingthee in this bard case, thee must give all the thanks and all . the praise to poor Peter !" , " J will never more speak ill of a dog, as long es I live," said Roland. "But let us away. I .thought our best course was to the Lower Ford; | but, 1 find, I am mistaken. We must away in the opposite direction." "Notso," said Nathan, coolly; « Peter is of opinion that we must ran the track over again ; and, truly, so am I. We must follow these -same five Injuus ; it is as much as our lives are worth." u You are mad!" said Roland. "ThiB will be to bring ua right upon the skulking cut throats. Let us fly in another direction: the forest is open before us." " And how long does thee think it will keep open Friend, 1 tell thee, thee ie surrounded by Injuns. On the eoutb, they lie at the Ford ; On the west, is the river rolling along in a floon : aud at the eait, are the-ro&da; full of .ShawjjoBsou the scout. Verily, friend, there is but little comfort to think of proceeding in an? direction, eveu to the north, where there are live murdering creatures full before us. But is ,.n.i j r«tj,er .think it is P 7 :L" "e"?rlh- "> know pretty much ait the evil thelites before ue, and how to ftvoiiit; whereas, by turning in eithn-of the Other quarters, we go into danger blindfold." 44 And how eball we avoid these five villains before us:' asked Kuluud, anxiously. "By keeping them before ue," replied Nathan, 44 that is, friend, by following them. Until such time as they turn where theeturned before them (and, 1 warrant me, the evil creatures will turn wheresoever thee trail does, when we, if we have good luck, may Blip quietly forward, mod leave them to follow up, afier first taking the full swing of all thee roundabout vagaries. ' . " Take your own course," said Roland ; 41 it may be the best. We can, at the worst, but stumble upon these live ; and then (granting that you can, in the meanwhile, bear the females off), I will auewer for keeping two or throe of the villains busy. Take your own 40arFe," he repeated ; 44 the night is darkening -around us ; we must do something." 14 Thee says the truth," cried Nathan. 44 As for stumbling unawares on the five evil persons thee is in dread of, trust Peter for that; thee shall soon see what a friend thee has in little dog Peter. Truly, for a peaceful man like me, it is needful I should have someone to tell me When dangerous persons are nigh," With these words, which were uttered with a food countenance, showing how much his con- deuce in the apparently insignificant Peter preserved him from the fears natural to his character and situation, the man of peace pro- seeded to marshal the company in a line, directing them to follow him in that order, and -earnestly impressing upon all the necessity of preserving strict silence upon the march. This being done, he boldly strode forwards, taking a /post at length two hundred paces in advance of the othera, at which distance, as he gave Ro land to understand, he desired the party to follow, as was the more necessary, since their being mounted rendered tbem the more liable lobe observed by distant euemiea. 44 If thee sees me wave mjr baud above my bead," were bishst instruction to the young soldier, who began to be well pleased with his readiness and forecast, 44 bring thee people to a halt; it thee -fee? me orop upon tne grouuo, le&a; tnem under the nearest cover, and keep them quiet; for thee may then be certain there is mischief, 6T mischievous people nigh at hand. But verily, friend, with Peter's help, we will oir- movent them all." With this cheering assurance, he now strode forward to his station, and coming to a halt with his dog Peter, Roland immediately beheld the latter run to a post forty or fifty paces farther in advance, when he paused to re- weive the final orders of his master, which were given with a motion of the same hand that. a moment after, lieckoned the party to follow. Had Roland been sufficiently nigh to take note of proceedings, be would have admired the conduct of the little brute, the unerring ftccuracy with which he pursued the trail, the Oft and noiseless mot ton with which he stepped from leaf to lesf ; casting his eyes ever and anon to the right and left, and winding the air before him, as if in reality conscious of peril, and enrible that the welfare of the six mortals at bis heels depended upon the faithful exercise of the distance, Roland was unable to observe: vt ..n, Uj murines him the animal addressed itself to its task with as much seal and prudence as its master. A sense of security, the first felt for several hours, now begiu to disperse the gloom that had oppressed 1 bis spirits; and Edith's countenance, throughout the whole of the adventure a faithful, though doubtleBB somewhat exaggerated, reflection of hie own, also lost much of its melancholy and terror, though without nt any moment regain ing the cheerfnl smiles that had decked it at the setting out. It was left for Roland alone, as bis mind regained its elasticity, to marvel at the motley additions by which his party had in- rejsed in so short a time to twice its original number, and to speculate on the prospects of an expedition committed to the guidance of such a ftonductor as little Peter. CHAPTER XII. ' The distance at which Roland with his party followed the guides, and the gloom of the Woods, preveuted hie muking any close ob servations upoo their motions,, unless when some welling ridge, nearly destitute of trees, brought them nearer to' the light of the upper ftir. At other times he could do little more than follow with his eye the tall figure of Nathan, plunging from shadow to shadow, and knoll to knoll, with a pace both free and rapid, ftnd little resembling the shambling, hesitating step with which he moved among the haunts of ki« contemners and oppressors. As for the dog, little Peter, he was only with difficulty seen wheu ascending some such illuminated knollae in been mentioned, when he might be traced ftreeping along with unabated vigilauce and ftentiou. It was while ascending one of thepe low nnd almost bare swells of ground, that the little ftnimal gave the first proof of that sagacity or Wisdom, as Nathan called it, on which the latter seemed to rely for safety, 60 much more fihau on his own experience and address. He bed no sooner reached the summit of the knoll, than he abruptly came to u ttaud, aud by and bye cowered to the earth, as if to escape the observation of enemies in frout, whose presence be indicate in . uuins by a few Switches and flourishes of bis tail, which, a .moment after, became as rigid and motionless fti if, with his body, it had be?!) suddenly converted into etone. The whole action, as far fts Roland could notice it, was eirailsr to that of ft well-trained spaniel marking game ; and such Was i the interpretation the soldier put upon it, ftntil Nathan, suddenly stopping, waved his kind as a signal to the party to halt, which was immediately obeyed. The next moment Nathan ras creeping ap the hill to invesrigatothe cause of alarm, which he proceeded to do with great caution, as if well persuaded there was danger j - n<k«d, he h%d uot renelied the brow to the eminenoe when Holsnrl beheld hitneud- v wu,, ujjud uis lac-, vnoreiiy giving ine best evidence of the existence of peril of an extreme and urgent character. The young Virginan remembered tho instruc tions of hu gQtde to seek shelter for his party ue moment this signal was given ; and , accord- logly, be led his followers, without delay, into little tangled brake hard by, where he charged Uem to remain in quiet, until the causo of the Interruption should be ascertained and removed. ,8® of the brake, he could see the guide, sou maintaining his position on his f ace, Jw» klmeelf upward, like a snake, ftntil 1 he had reached the top of the hill, and JSJ T?r "Jto the maze of forest berond. In JUm!?? ? belay for several moments, appa rently deeply engaged with the scene before ,en Forrester, impatient of his silsnee «na delay, anxiously interested in overyturn ft! events, and perhaps unwilling, at a season «f difficulty, to rely altogether on Nathan's ' observations, gave hie horse in charge ' ascended the eminence him- self, taking care, however, to do as Nathan 7Y A ne,, and throw himself upon the ground to summit. In this way he eoe- a,cr«epi»g to Nathan's ride, when the \- warm was soon made manifest. M.Z? beyond the ridge was for aeon- ESl ftancs ©P®» free from ender- rowUl« the trees standing wide apart, and 272) thus admitting a broad extent of vision, though now contracted by the increasing dusk of evening. Through this expanse, and in its darkest corners, flitting dim'y along, Roland's eyes fell upon certain shadows, at j first vague and indiBtinct, but which soon i assumed the human form, marching on< after i the other .in a line, and apparently approach - , »og the very ridge on which he lav, each with I the stealthy yet rapid pace of a wild c&t.; They were bat five in number, but the order of their march, the appearance of thoir hortios iBeemingly half naked, and the busy intentnesa with which they pursued the trail left so broad and open by the inexperienced wanderers, i would iiave convinced Roland of their eavago I character had he possessed uo other evidence . than that of his own senses. 41 They are Indians," he muttered in i Nathan's ear. 44 Shawnee creatures," said the latter, with edifying coolness, 44 and will think no more of taking the scalps of these two poor women than of digging off thee own." 44 There are but five of them, and——" The young man paused, and the gloom that a spirit so long harassed by fears, though fears for another, had spread over his countenance, was exchanged for a look of fierce decision thut I better became bis features. 44 Harkee, man," . he abruptly resumed, 44 we cannot pass the I ridge without beiog seen by them ; our horses are exhausted, and we cannot hope to save thorn by open flight,'4 44 Verily," said Nathan, 14 thee speakB tho , truth." 44 Nor can we leave the path we are pur suing without fear of falling into the hands of a party more numerous and powerful. Our only path of escape, you said, was over this ridge, and towards yonder lower ford ?" 44 Truly," said Nathan, with a lugubrious look of assent, 44 what thee says ie troe ; but how are wo to fly the evil- minded creatures, with poor frightened women hanging to our legs " 44 Wo will not fly them !" said Roland, the frown of battle gathering on his brows. 44 Yonder crawling reptiles — reptiles in spirit as in movement— have been dodging our steps ' for hours, waiting for a moment whon to strike with advantage at my defenceless followers ; and they will dog us still, if permitted, until tb.Te is no escape from their knivec and hatchets for either man or woman. There is a way of stopping tbem— there is a way of re quiting th.Mii !" "'Jriilr," .-aid N-ithnu, 44 tlieie is no such way; unless we were wicked men of the world snd lighting men. and would wage batle with them ! " 44 Why not meet the villains in their own wsy ? There are but five of them, and footmen, too ? By heavens, man, we will charge them — cut thfr-m to pieces, and so rid the world of them ! Four strong men like us, fighting, too, in the defence of women ' 44 Four !" echoed Nathan, looking wonder and alarm together ; 44 does thee think to have me do the wicked thing of shedding blood ? Thee should remember, friend, that I am a follower of peaceful dootrinee, a man of peace and amity !" 44 What ! " said Roland, warmly, 44 would vou not defend your life from the villains f Would you suffer yourself to be tomahawked, unresisting, when a touch of the trigger under yonr finger, a blow of the knife at your belt, would preserve the existence nature and heaven alike call you protect? Would you lie still, like a fettered ox, to be butchered ? " "Truly," said Nathan, 44 1 would take my self away ; or, if that might not be, why then, friend —verily, friend, if I could do nothing else— truly, I mast then give myself up to be murdered." 44 Spiritless, mad, or hypocritical!" cried Roland, with mingled wonder and contempt. Then, grasping his strange companion by the arm, he cried, 44 Harkee, man, if you would not strike a blow for yourself, — would yon not strike it for another? What if you had awife, a parent, a child, beneath the uplifted hatchet, and yon with these arms in your haode, — what do you tell me you would stand and see them murdered?— I say, awife or child!— the wife of your bosom,— the child of your heart? would you see them murdered ? " At this stirring appeal, uttered with in describable energy and'passion, though oaly in a whisper, Nathan's countenance changed from dark to pale, and his arm trembled in the a look of extraordinary wfldness, and muttered betwixt his teeth an answer that betokened aa much confoBton of mind as agitation of spirits : 44 Friend,' he said, 41 whoever thee is, it matters nothing to thee what might happen, or what has happened, in such case made and provided. I am a man, thee is another ; thee has thee conscience, and I have mine. If thee will fight, fight ; settle it with thee conscience. If thee don't like to eee thee kinswoman mur dered. and thee thinks thee has a call to battle, do thee best with sword aud pistol, gun and 1 tomahawk ; kill and slay to thee liking ; if thee 1 conscieuoe finds no fault with thee, neither will I, But as for me, let the old Adam of the flesh stir me as it may, I have no one to fight for, — wife or child, parent or kinsman, I have none : if thee will hunt the world over, thee will not find one in it that is my kinsman or relative." 41 But I ask you," said Roland, somewhat surprised at the turn of Nathan's answer, 44 1 ask you, if yon had a wife or child " 44 But I have not," tried Nathan, interrupting him vehemently ; 44 end, therefore, friend, why should thee speak or tbem r 1 bem tnat are dead, let them rest , they can never cry to me more.—' Think of tbse own blood, aud do what seems best to thee for thegood thereof." 44 Assuredly I would," said Roland, who, however much his curiosity t was roused by the unexpected agitation of his guide, had little time to think of anv affairs but bis own, — 44 Assuredly I would, could I only count upon your hearty assistance. 1 tell you, man, my blood boils to look at yonder crawliug serpents, and to think of the ferocious object with which they are dogging at ray heels ; and I would give a year of my life,— ay, if the whole number of years were but ten,— one whole year of all.— for tbe privilege of paying them for their villaiuy beforehand." 'Thee has thee two men to dick incc, etwu Nathan, who had now recovered his compo sure ; 14 and, with these two men, if thee is warlike enough, thee might do as much mis chief as thee conscience calls ior. But, truly, it becomes not a man of peace like iuo to sjieak of strife and blood— Yet, truly," be added, hastily, 44 1 think there must mischief come of this meeting; for, verily, tbeevil creatures are leaving thee tracks, and coming towards as . "Taey stop!" said Forrester, eagerly, — 41 thev look about them.— tbey have loBt the track,"— they are coming this wey ! You will not fight, yet you mey counsel.— « bet shall 1 do Y Shall I attack them ? What can I do ? " "Friend," replied Nslhin. briskly. "I can't tell what thee cau do ; but I can tell the. what a man of Kentucky, n wicked fighter of Injuns, would do in euch o case made end providou. He wnuld betake hira to the thicket where he had bidden his women and horse., nud he would lie down with his fighting men behiud a log : and trulv. if these ill-disposed Injun-men were foolish enough to approach, he would fire upon them with his three guns, taking tbem by sur prise, and perhaps, wicked man, killing the better half uf tbem on the spot : and then—' And then," interrupted Roland, taking fire at tho idea, " he would spring 011 hie horae, and make oure of the rest, with sword and pistol t " Truly," said Nathan, " he would do no euch thing ; seeing that, the moment he lifted up his head abovo the log, he would be llker to have an Injun bullet through it than to see the wickea creature that shot it. terilr. a man of Kentucky would be wiser. tie would take the pistols thee speaks of, sup posing it were his good luck to faavo them, aod let fly at tbe evil-minded creatures with them alto", not hoping, indeod, to do any execu tion with euch small ware, but to make the Injuus believe there were as oisny enemies as firearms; and truly, if they did not take to their heels after such a fecoud volley, they would be foolisher Injuns then were ever be fore heard of in Kentucky." 44 By Heaven," said Forrester, 44 it is good advice, and 1 will take it!" 44 Advice, friend ! 1 don't advise thee. said Nathan, nasuiy ; -xmiy nothing but peace and amity. I ouly toll theo what a wicked Kentucky figbting-man would do— a man that might think it, aa many or them do. as lawful tosbcot a prowling iujun »s a skulking bear." . 44 And I would to Heaven," said Roland, 41 I had but two— nsv, but one of them with me this instant. A roan like Bruoe wore worth the lives of a down iucb scum-I must do my best." , . . 44 Truly, fnena,' earn , "? listened to the warlike outiwmngs of the young soldier, with a dogree of complacency kod admiration one would scarce have looked for in a roan of his peaceful character, 41 thee has aconscienco of thee own, and if thee will fight these Injun-mcn from an ambush, truly, I will not censure, nor exhort thee to the con trary. If thee can re'y upon 4hee two men, tbe colored person aud the other, thee may bold the evil creatures exceeding uneasy." 44 Alas," said Boland, tho flredepertmg from his eyes, "you remind me of my weakness. Mr men will not flgbt, unlets from sheer desperation. Emperor I know to be a oo ward ; and Dodge, I fear, is no braver. " « Verilv," »»id Nathan, bluffly, "ft wae foolish of tbse to come into tke woods, in euch eomuany ; foolisher still to think of fighting fits Injun-men with such followers to baek thco; and truly," he added, "itwas foolisheet of all to put the safe- keeping of such helpless creatures into the hands of one who ton neithtr fight for them nor for himself, lfeverthidehifl. iheu is as a balm and Buckling in the woods, and Refer nad 1 will do the best we cm 1or thei'. It is lui-ky for thee that, as thee cannot light, then ha the power to fly; and, traly, fr the poor women's sake, it abetter 1-a-vp lhe woods in peace." With that, Nh?han direcf d the voung man's atlontmn tn tht. purtoui.rr fots, who, having bv i some TniRcb:u.ce lost the trail, had scattered about iQ Berrch of it, and at Jat recovered it, though not beforo two of them had approached so uigh the ridec on wb:ch the observers lay as to give just occa-iou for fesr lest they should cross ft immediately in front of the party of travellers. The deadly purpose with which tBQ barbarians were pursuing him, Roland could infer from the cautious silence preserved white they were searching for the lost tracks, aud even when those were regained, the dis covery was communicated from one to another merely by eigne ; not a man uttered so much as a word. In a few moments, they were seen again, formed in a stogie file, stealing through the woods, with a noiseless but rapid pace, and, fortunately, bending their steps towards a dis tant part of the ridge, where Roland and his companions had so lately crossed it. ; "Get thee down to thee people/' said Nathm; 14 lead them behind the thicket, and, T 8668 e beckon thee, carry them i c? 0ver Thee must pass it, while the Shawnee-men are behind yonder clump of trees, which is soluckily forthee onthe very comb of the swell. Be quick in obeying, frieud; or the evil creatures may catch sight of thee ; thee has no time to lose." The ardour of battle once driven from hie mind, Rolaud was able to perceive the folly of risking a needb.es contest betwixt a superior body of wild Indian warriors and hh own followers. But, bad his warlike spirit been at its height, it mnst have been quelled in a moment, by the appearance of bis party, left in the thicket, during hie brief absence on the hill, to feed their imaginations with terrors of every appalling character ; in which operation, as he judged at a glance, the gallant I)odge and Em- ncror had been even more industrious than the females; the negro looking the very penonifie- ation of mute horror, and beuding low on his saddtej as if expecting every instant a shower of Indian bullets to be let fly into the thicket : while Pardon expressed the state of his feelings by crying aloud, as soon as Roland appeared, "Isiy, Capting, if yoa seed 'em, a'n't there no dodging of 'em no bow ?" >> e cau escape, Roland . exclaimed Edith, anticipating the soldier's news from hie coun tenance : ' the good man cau save us ?' 41 1 hope. I trust so," replied the kinsman ; 44 we ure in no immediate danger. Be com posed , and, for your lives, all now preserve silence." A few words sufficed to explain the posture of affairs, and a few seconds to transfer the party from its ignoble hiding-place to the open wood behind it ; when Roland, casting, his eyes to where Nathan 'sy motionless on tbe hill, awaited impatiently the expected signal. For tunately, it was toon given ; and, in a few moments more, the party, moving briskly bat stealthily over the eminence, had plunged into the dark forest beyond; leaving the baffled pursuers to follow afterwards aa they might. _ " Now," said Nathan, taking poetat Roland's side, and boldlv directing his couree across the traok of the enemy, 44 we have the evil creatures behind us ; and, truly, there we will keep them. And now, friend soldier, sines such thee is, thee must make thee horses do duty, tired or not; for if we reach uot the Old Ford before dark ness doses on us, we may find but ill fortune crossing the waters. Bark, friend! does thee hear?" he exclaimed, coming to a pause, as a sudden and frightful yell suddenly rose in the forest beyond tbe ridge, obriouely proceeding from the five foes, and expressing at once sur prise, horror and lamentation : 44 Did thee not say thee found a dead Injan in the wood ?" 44 We did," replied the eolder, 44 the body of an Indian, horribly mangled ; and if I em to believe tbe strange story T hare heard of the Jibbenainosay, it wae some of his bloody work." 44 It is good for thee then, and the maidens that IB Willi tfeco," said tfatbw, "for, tiuly, the evil creatures have found that same dead man, being doubtless one of their own scouting companions ; and, truly, they say the Injuns, in euch cases made and provided, give over their evil designs, in terror end despair; in which ease, as I said, it will be good for thee and thee companions. But follow, friends, and tarry not to ask questions. The poor women shall come to no harm, if Nathan Slaughter or little Dog Peter can help them." With these words of encouragement, Nathan, bounding along with an ac tivity that kept ever in ad vance of the mounted wanderers, led the way from the open forest, into a labyrinth of brakes and bogs, through paths traced rather by wolves and bears than any nobler animals; so wild, so difficult, and sometimes, in appearance, so impracticable to be pursued, that Roland, bewilaered from the first looked every moment to flnd himself plunged into difficulties from which neither tne ze&l; of Nathan nor the sagacity of tbe unpretending Peter oould extri; cats his weary followers. The night was coming fast, and coming with clouds and dis tant peals of thunder, the harbingers of new tempests ; and how the jouraey was to be con- them, through the wild mazes of vine and brake in which they now wandered, was a question which ho acoice durst atJSWCr. 5Ul night Cumc ; and still Nathan led the way with unabated confidence and activity, professing a very hearty contempt for all perils and difficulties of the woods, except euch as proceeded from 44 evil-minded Shawnee creatures ;" and, indeed, averring that there was scarce a nook in the forest, for miles around, with which be was not as well acquainted as with the patches of his own leathern garments. 'Truly," said he, " when 1 first came to this laud, I did make me a little cabin, in a place hard by ; but tbe Injuns burned the same ; and, verily, had it not been for little Peter, who gave me a hint of their comiutr. I should have beeu burned with it. Be of good heart, frieud ; if thee will keep the ill-meaning Iujun-meu out of my way, I will adventure to lead thee auywhere thee will, withiu twenty miles of this place, on the darkest night, and thut through the thickest cane, or deepest swamp, thee cau lay eyes on, that ie, if I have but little dog Peter to help me. Courage, friend ; thcc is now coming fari to the river; and, if we have but good luck in crossing it, thee shall, per-udventure, find theeself nearer thoe friends than thee thinks for.4 This agreeable assurauce was a cordial to the spirits of all; and the travellers now finding themselves, though still in profound darkness, moving through the open woodlands again, instead of the iua2e ol copses that had so long ooftned them, Roland took advantage of the chauge, to place himself at Nathan's side, and endeavor to draw from him some account of bis history, and the causes that bad brought him into a position aud way of life so ill-suited to bis faith aud peaceful habits. To his ques tions, however, Nathan Beemed little disposed to return satisfactory auswers, except in eo far as they related to his adventures since the period of hh coming to tho frontier ; of which he spoke very freely, though succinctly. He had built him cabins, like other louely settlers, aud planted cornfields, from which he had been driven, time after time, by the evil Shaw- ness, incurring frequent perils aud hardships ; which, with the persecutions he endured from Lis more warlike and intoleraut ueighbors, gradually drove him into the forest, to seek a precarious subsistence from the spoils of the cb&ae.; A to nis nasi me, auu me o»uoot iu«v had made him r dweller of the wilderness, he betrayed eo little inclination to satisfy the young man's curiosity, that Roland drooped tbe subject entirely ; not however without suspecting that the imputations Bruce had cast upor. his character, might have had some foundation iutrutb. . But while conning these things over m ma mind, on a sudden the soldier stepped from the dark forest into a broad opening, canopied only by tbe sky, sweeping like a road through thii wood, in which it was lost behind him; while, in front, it sank abruptly into a deep i_.il ... wii i aI. re. a lionrit sullen DOIJO" u» Ku,,» »-« - rush ol an impetuous river. CHAPTER XIII. The roar of the moving flood, for such, oy its noise, it seemed, as they descended the river bank, to which Nathan bad so skilfully conducted them, awoke in Roland's bosom a fee.iug dismay. . 41 Fear not," said the guide, to whom he im parted hie doubts of the safety of the ford ; . .1 /l.niM. in MIA nnffb ikulkWS Shawnee, than leu thousand such cpottering brook". Verily, the ford is good enough, though deep and rough ; and if the water should soil thee young woraonte garments a little thee should remember it will not make eo ucW a stain as tbe bloodmark of a eealpiog savage." 'Lead on," aaid Pardon Dodge, with unex pected spirit; 44 1 am not one of them 'ere fellers as fears a big river ; and my hoes is a dreadful fine swimmer." 44 In that case," said Nath&n;, "if thee con sents to tbu same. I will get up behind thee, and so pass oer dry-shod; for the feel of wet leather-breeches is quite uncomfortable." This proposal, being reasonable enough, was readily acceded to ; and Nathan was in the act of climbing to the crupper of Dodge's horse, when little Peter began to manifest a prudent deeire to pass the ford dry-shod also, by pawing at his master's heels, and beseeching Iris notioe with sundry low hut expressive whiunlngs bach, at least, was the interpretation which ' Roland, who peroeived the auiuial'e motions, wasinclined to put upon them. He was, there fore, not a little surprised when Nathan, start ing from the stirrup into which he had cUmbr d, leaped again to the ground, staring around him from right to left, with every appearance of alarm. 44 Right Peter!" he at last muttered; his eye upon the further bank of the river, a dark mass of hill and forest that rose in dim re lief against the olouded sky, overshadowing the whole stream, which lay like a pitchy abyss betwixt it and tbe travellers — "right, Peter! thee eyes is ob good as thee noBe— thee is determined the poor woman shall uot be mor- dured!" 44 What is it you see ?" demanded Forrester ; "and why do you talk of murdering?" 44 Speak low, and look across tho river," whispered the guide, in reply; 14 does thee see the light glimmering among the rocks by tbe roadside?" " I see neither rocks nor road— all is to my eyes confused blackness ; and, as for a light, I see nothing — stay ! No ; tis the gleam of a fire fly." 44 The gleam of a fire-fly '."murmured Nath&n;, with tones that seemed to mingle wonder and derision with feelings of a much more serious character ;" it is each a fire-fly as might burs a house, or roast a living captive at the stake : — it is a brand in the hands of a 'camping Shawnee I Look, friend, be it blowing it into a flame ; and presently thee will see tbe whole bank around it in a glow." It was even as Nathan said. Almost while he was yet speaking, tbe light, which all now clearly beheld, at first a point as small and faint as the spark of a Iampyris, and then a star scarce bigger or brighter than the torch of a jack-o'-lantern, suddenly grew in mag nitude, projecting a long and lance-like, though j broken, reflection over the wheeling current, and then as suddenly shot iute a bright and rnddy blaze, illumining hill und river, and even the anxious countenance of the travellers. At the some time, a dark figure, an at a man en gaged feeding the flame with fresh fuel, was plainly seen twice or thrice to pass before it. How many others, bis comrades, might Ik watching its increasing blaze, or preparing for their wild slumbers among the rocks and bushes where it -was kindled, it was impossible to divine. The sight of the lire itself, in such a solitary spot, and under each circumstances, even if uo attendant had been seen bv it. would have been euough to alarm the travellers, and comj>ol the conviction that their enemies had not forgotten to station a j force at this neglected ford, as well as at tbe other mere frequented one above, and thus to deprive tbeui of tho last hope of escape. This unexpected iucicLiit, the climax of a long series of disappointments, all of a character so paiuful ana exci'ing, drove the yonng soldier again to despair; which feeling, the tantalising sense that he wh now within but a few miles of his companions in exile, and separated from- them only by tbe single obstruction before him, exasperated into a species of fury bordering almost upon frenzy. 44 There is but one way of escape," be ex claimed, without venturing even a look towards his kinswoman, or seeking by idle words to conceal the danger of their situation ; 44 we must pass the river;, tbe roar of tbe water will drown the noise of oar footsteps; we can cross unheard and unlooked for ; aod then, if there- be no way of avoiding them, we can pour a volley among the rascals at their fire, and take advantage of their confusion, to gallop by. Look to the women, Nathan Slaughter; and yon, Pardon Dodge, and Emperor, follow me, and do as yon see me do." 44 Truly," said Wandering Nathan, with admirable coolness and complacency, 44 thee is a courageous yonng man, and a young man of sense and spirit— that ie to say, after thee own sense of matters and things ; and, traly, if it were not for the poor woman, and for the blaring fire, thee might greatly confound and harmfully vanquish the evil creatures, there placed so unluckily uu ih bank, in the way and manner which thee thinks of. But, friend, thee plan will not do ; thee might pass unheard, bat not unseen. Does thee not see tu.m vm.ktl« ara Vt1a«m nn fhft vkIafP Truly, we should all be seen and fired at, before we reached the middle of the stream ; and, truly I should not be surprised if the gleam of the fire on the pals faees of these poor women should bringa shot upon us where we stand; and therefore, friend, the sooner we get us ont of the way, the bettea." , "And where shall we betake hi" de manded Boland ; the stern ess of whose accents but ill-disguised tbe gloom and .hopelessness of his feelings. "To a place of safety aud of re«t," replied the guide, 44 and to one thst is nigh at hand ; where we may lodge us, with little fear of In juns, until such time as the waters shall abate a little, or the stare give ua light to cross them at a place where are no evil Shawnees to oppose us. And then, friend, as to slipping by these foolish creatures who make such bright fires on the public highway, truly, with little Peter's assistance, we can do it with great ease." 44 Let us not delay," said Roland, and added, sullenly, 44 though where a place of rest and safety be found in these detestable woods, lean no longer imagine. " It is a place of rest, at least for the dead/ said Nathan, in a low voice ; at the came time leading the party back again up the bank, and taking care to shelter them, as he ascended, as much as possible, from the light of the fire, which was now blaring with great brilliancy ; 44 nine human corpses — father and mother, grandam and children— sleep under the three- hold of the door ; and there are not many, white men or Injnne, that will, of their free will, step over the bosoms of the poor murdered creatures, after nightfall ; and the more especially, because there are them that believe they rise at midnight, and roam round the houses and the clearings, mourning. Yet it is a good hiding-place for them that are in _<>««, a ni<M ham little Peter and 1 sheltered us beneath the ruiued roof, with little fear of either ghosts or iDjuus ; though, truly, we have sometimes heard straoge and mournful noises among tbe trees around us. It is but a poor plucc and a sad one; but it will afford thee weary women a safe resting-place till such time as we can cross the river." 'The words of Nathan brought to lloland a recollection tbe story of the Asbburas, whom Bruoe had alluded to, as having 1 esn all des troyed in their station, in a single night, by the Indians, and whose tragical fate, perhaps, moxe than any other circumstance, had diverted the course of travel from the ford near to which they had seated themselves, to the upper, aud. originally, less frequented one. (TO DE OONTnOTRD.) 