RELIGIOUS Archbishop Vaughan. (See portrait on page 698.) We give this week a portrait of Bishop Herbert Vaughan, of Salford, who has been nominated successor to the late Cardinal Manning, as Roman Catholic Archbishop of West- minster. In connection with this appointment the following particulars as to tbe mode of eleotion will be found interesting:—Upon the decease of a bishop the first thinj* whioh the oanons have to do is within eight days of the funeral of the dead prelate to meet and elect a vicar capitular, who takes temporary charge of the diocese. Within a month the first step in the appointment of a successor is taken. The provost and canons of the cathedral of the vacant sco must again assemble as for chapter, under the presidency of the arohbishop, or, if he oannot be present or there is a vacanoy in the archbishopric, of the senior suffragan bishop. The president, however, takes no active part in the business. After Mass of the Holy Ghost has been sung by the prinoipal oanon and an oath of secrecy has been taken by all, the canons proceed to place in a receptacle their seoret votes. At the first voting each gives the name of the ecclesiastic whom he considers to be the most fit to fill the vacant see. Then a seoond and a third can didate are appointed in the same way. If on a first scrutiny no one has a majority the votes must be taken again until a majority is obtained. A deed is now drawn up which seta out the three names, and states that everything has been done in accordance with the decrees of the Sacred College of Propaganda. It is then sealed and signed by the provost, secretary, and scrutators. Three copies are prepared, one of which is kept by the chapter, one by the presiding bishop, and one forwarded to the Pro paganda. The bishops forward the three names in alphabetical order to the Sacred College of Propaganda, and comment upon the merits or demerits of the candidates. The Sacred College next has to consider the question of appointment, which finally goes before the Pope himself. As a rule one of the candidates approved by the ohapter is chosen by the Holy See, but the Pope has the power of Betting aside entirely the capitular nominees in favour of an eocleaiastio who has not been recom mended. Pope Pius IX. did this at the death of Cardinal Wiseman, when his Holiness appointed Cardinal Manning to succeed to the vacant archdiocese, although not recommended by the ohapter, and notwithstanding the faot that there was a coadjutor bishop with the right of succession to the see in the person of the late Archbishop Errington. Dr. Matheson, of Edinburgh, discoursing en a recent Sunday with reference to the words, " Them that had gotten the viotory over the beast and over his mark and over the number of his name," asked what really was the num ber of the beast. " Many commentators," he remarked, " have written page after [page to elucidate this matter. I have hardly read one of them, but I will tell you the number of the beast. The name of the beast is Selfishness, and his number is number one." 