LONDON TABLE TALK. [From our Special Correspondent.) London, August 26, 1892. Save Sir Lyon Playfair (now Lord Playfair of Saint Andrews), who must suppose be called a man of science, the new peers are without, exception the heads of ancient families and owners of great estates. The ancestors of Lord Wil- loughby D'Eresby and Sir Rainald Knightley came over with the Conqueror, and there have been Leghs of Lyme in Cheshire eren longer than that. The peerage of Willoughby D'Eresby is one of the ancient baronies creafced by writ of sum- mons, and is heritable by heirs male or female. The head of the family has nearly always been a man of enormous wealth and influence. The present peer is the 22nd baron, and prior to inheriting this title from his mother was created Lord Aveland. In 1630 the Lord Willoughby D'Eresby of the period became Earl of Lindsey, and his son at the Restoration was created Marquis and Duke of Ancaster. These titles in time lapsed being heritable only by the direct heir male. Lord Willoughby has now determined to revive one of them, and instead of calling himself Earl Willoughby D'Eresby, as many expected, will be Earl of Ancaster. Sir Rainald Knightley has sat in the House of Commons for 40 years as member for South Northampton shire, and his father, Sir Charles, was also M.P. for the same constituency a long time. Sir Rainald has ruled his lengthy life by the motto of noblesse oblige. In appearance as in character he is every inch a noble man. Fifty years ago the women called him " Bayard," and he could have made —had he chosen—a splendid marriage. But it was not till Sir Rainald grew elderly he wedded the present Lady Knightley, who is a great Primrose Leaguer. Personally the veteran baronet did not want a peerage, but to please his wife he accepted the honor, and will in future be know as Lord Knightley of Fawsley. The Leghs of Lyme have times and again refused peerages. Mr. Legh of Lyme's property is worth about £50,000 a year, and the family are in- ordinately proud. Woe betide the luckless ignoramus who addresses one of them as Miss Legh or Mr. Legh without adding the "of Lyme." It is a terrible blunder to make in Cheshire. The head of the Leghs of Lyme will henceforth be Lord Newton. Detective Ward, to whose unwearying patience and perseverance the capture and conviction of that murderous monster Neill are mainly due, would make a capital hero for a Gaborian or Anna Katherine Green romance. He is quite a new hand, and was not thought much of by the force till this case began to de velop. To begin with, you remember, the Stamford-street murders seemed an impenetrable mystery. The police had only the descriptions of the dying girls, Donworth and ShrivelL of a vague man whom they had each seen once. Ward compared these descriptions and the evi dence of Police-Constable Comstock and Lucy Rose, till he had photographed on bis brain a portrait of the sort of individual he wanted. Then he posted himself on Westminster Bridge (which the dead girls had habitually •^walked") daily. For five long days no one suspicious came along. On the sixth Ward saw Neill, and instantly fastened on him. From that moment Neill was ! shadowed morning, noon, and night. Every girl he spoke to was promptly interrogated by the untiring Ward, and ! every place be visited was entered on the tablets of Ward's memory until sufficient had been found out to justify the man's arrest. It was a great achievement, and has naturally earned for the young fellow the unstinted praise of his superiors and the bitter envy of his brother detectives. The latter do not hesitate to dab Ward's finding Neill a ** bloomin' fluke." We are threatened with a repetition on a larger scale of the Lawes and Belt scandal which bo agitated die world of art nine years ago. In that case you may remember Mr. Lawes, a son of Sir Jno. Lawes, accused Mr. Richard Belt, a well known sculptor of the period, with being a fraud, whose best work was really done by his assistants, or "ghests" as they are technically called. Belt's answer was an action for libel, through which be pulled I with considerable credit, executing a bust in court which satisfied Mr. Justice Hud dleston and a special jury, and resulted in Lawes being mulcted in £5,000 damages. Subsequently, however, Belt got into money difficulties and was sen tenced to a term of imprisonment. The art world to a man were against him in the libel trial, and it was ultimately generally conceded that though Lawes failed to prove bis charges they were in 'the main true. Similar allegations of being unduly helped by his assistants are now being levelled by very influential persons against a sculp tor who curiously enough is, as Belt was, self-made. The first public reference to the affair was contained in the Maga zine of Art for July. The paragraph re ferred to reflected upon the ability and methods of a sculptor whose name was not given. -■ In brief it was bluntly stated that the artist in question had not hirryagif executed the large work exhibited by him in the Academy, but had employed a •* ghost" *to do it, he himself being in capable unaided of executing the work. It was further hinted that no such bare-faced imposition upon the public had been committed &ince; the now historical Belt case caused such a sensation in the art world. Although the charge and the parties con cerned were a mystery to the public generally, yet in art circles the effect pro duced has been very deep and widespread. Very few in the art world had any doubt as to the person pointed at by the article. He is a man of great ability, is well known, in the highest circles, but, it is also said, very much the reverse of loved by a per son of great influence in die circles of art in London. Before now, so it is alleged, the same eminent person, has stood in the way of die sculptor obtaining valuable commissions. The matter has now gone beyond the oarrow circle of the studio, and has be come a grave scandal. In fact, a high personage has interested himself in the matter, and the Bculptor has given bis ac cuser the lie. He states absolutely that the work which is alleged to be chiefly the production of another is actually his own, and thus it remains for the accuser to sus tain his charge. The issue is briefly stated as follows:—The accuser says that the sculptor, being without artistic train ing, is incapable of producing the Academy work in question, and the sug gestion is that the production in question is really the work of a " ghost." or an as sistant who possesses the artistic educa tion required by the gentleman who claims to be the sculptor- The reply is that certainly the artist has employed an assistant, as do all sculptors engaged on heavy work, but that the sculptor in question was the actual designer, and that he owes nothing to his assistant. Some references to this case appeared in the Morning newspaper, and the next day the same paper published the follow ing from the sculptor concerned :— "I herewith challenge the president and council of the Boyal Academy or aty other person to formulate some definite charge against me, and to publicly name me as the individual referred to in the Magazine of Art. If they will openly state that lam the sculptor who is sus pected of sending work to the Royal Academy which has been done "by 'ghosts,' and for which I have taken the credit, I undertake to at once proceed by legal action against my accuser or accusers." Says the sculptor concerned —"The first I heard of my name twiiig mentioned in art circles as the individual who employed ' ghosts' to do his work was some weeks ago, when I vas iv France. I waited for nuthinj, but returned home at once with the intention of finding, wv accuser, and demanding an instant and. public apology. I searched for a clue to the circulator of tbe lie, but without avail. Although I was certain who the man vraa I could not at that time obtain sufficient evidence to bring the report home to him. One of the best known men in London has taken my case up, and I think we now have sufficient evidence to bring the story home to its originator. The man I believe to be my accuser holds one of the highest positions the world of art can bestow-—mind you, I io not say it is the highest. I have called at his house with the object of having the matter out face to face with him, but, unfortunately for me, he was not at home. The man I suspect is eaten up with conceit and self-admn-ation. He has a great objection—in fact a strong dislike—to any man rising from the ranks, and I have risen from them and am justly proud of it. Some years ago he said to me—'You have only sent us in Email sculpture ; why not try something big?' I promised him I would, and the next year I exhibited a large piece at the Academy, and the 'work was praised high and low. Sly success seems to have annoyed him, how ever, and probably my obtaining some commission which he expected to come to his studio did not increase his love for me. Now, as to the allegation that my assistants did the artistic work in connec tion with my work in the Academy. Permit me to say that I only had a limited number of gentlemen to help me, and 1 do not at all fear their appearance in the witness-box. I absolutely deny that any one except myself was responsible for the idea, drawing, erecting the framework, and the general carrying out of the whole undertaking of my great work." It is, I may state, common gossip that the accuser is no less a person than Sir Frederick Leighton. the sculptor concerned being Mr. Adrian Jones, whose remarkable group, "Duncan's Horses," forms the central figure in the sculpture-room at this season's Royal Academy. Several versions have been given of the famous epitaph written on " Bobby Lowe " (as the populace always called the late Lord Sherbrooke) when his un popularity as Chancellor of the Ex chequer and inventor of the loathed match tax was at its height. The follow ing—Attributed to Lord Houghton—is the correct one :— Here lie the bones of Robert Lowe, A faithless friend and bitter foe; Whither his restless soul has fl«d Cannot be thought of, much lens said. If to the realms of peace and love. Concord no longer reigns above; If it has found a lover level, All must oompaseionatK the devil. It was at this time Mr. "£. Latour Tomline's" daring burlesque and political 6kit on Mr. W. S. Gilbert's fairy comedy " The Wicked World " (then running .it the Haymarket) made such a hit at the Court Theatre. The piece was called " The -Happy Land," and b/immed over with political allusions to the Govern meat, the three mortals who came from below to visit Seleue's blissful country being got up as precise replicas of Glad stone, Lowe, and Ayrtou. The like nesses, with the aid of deftly contrived masks, were perfect, and the effect on the Audience when the three statesmen gravely entered arm-in-arm and began to sing may be imagined. Each in turn (I can just remember) recounted hi* blunders, the trio chorusing the refrain— StiQ, we are three most popular men. And we'd like to know who'd turn us out. Finally they burst into a wild can-can, in which the representative of Mr. Glad stone (G. W. Anson) specially distin guished himself. Edward Righton was Lowe. I can't recollect who did Ayrton. This went on for three nights, when the Lord Chamberlain intervened and insisted on the masks (which rendered the identity of the characters unmistakable) being abandoned and the c-an-can mode rated. It was believed at the time that the Prince of Wales had something to do with this. He came the second night and enjoyed the parody amazingly till a trenchant allusion to the Royal Family caused his Royal Highness to quit the theatre msfanter in high dudgeon. The offensive lines were omitted at the next performance, but the Prince of Wales never forgave "Latcur Tomline" for writing them, and to this day Sir. W. S. Gilbert suffers for the indiscretion. The new jewel case has entered on fur ther developments, and promises to be almost as interesting in its way as the Great Pearl Mystery Both accuser and accused are wives of military men, the husband of one having- served in India and the other in Egypt. Mrs. A.'s story now runs thus :—She went on a visit to Mrs, 8., who asked her for a heavy loan of money. Mrs. A. refused it, and soon after lost her diamond brooch. When the bouse had been well searched Mrs. A. suspected Airs. B. of stealing it and said so. Major B. thereupon blustered and threatened to bring an action for slander. A year or two later Mrs: A. recognised her star in a pawnbroker's window. Enquiries were duly made, when it turned out that the jewel had been pawned by a woman (not certainly Mrs. B.) who gave Mrs. A.'s own name. Mjns. B.s story is that it was Mrs. A. who tried to borrow money of her, and not she of Mrs. A. Mrs. B. said .she had plenty of money at that time and can easily prove it. A few days later Mrs. A. protested she had lost a valuable diamond star and aocased Mrs. B. of stealing it. Both Mrs. and Major B. at once suggested the police should be called in. Forsomereason, however, Mrs. A. would not have this. Ultimately Mrs. B. told Mrs A. she believed she had sold the jewel herself, and was only n??lrmg the fuss in order to be able to explain its loss to her husband. Mtb. A. turned very white and left the house. Mrs. B. defies Mrs. A. to con nect her with the pawning of the jewel, a transaction she believes to have been completed by Mrs. A-s maid acting under TWtr, A/s instructions. This maid curiously enough is not now in the latter'e employ. Both Eides profess to be searching for her. Cross actions for slander have been commenced. A pretty ffp!TinragHf?^ isn't it 2 UTimimi Heyne sod Newman, who are man ben of t*«e German Club, lent the pot plants and shrubs, which formed a prominent feature of the decorations of the Albert Hall on Monday evemng, when a "Blomen" ball was held. 