An Australian Annual. ?* THE ANTIPODEAN.' We have received the first number of ' The Antipodean,' a new Australian annual, published by the well-known firm of Messrs. George Robert son and Company (London. Melbourne, Sydney, Adelaide, and Brisbane). There is an introduc tory article by the Countess of Jersey, in which her Ladyship's sympathies with the.development of literature and art in this part of the world are very gracefully expressed. While calling attention to the fact that there are some Australian poets and novelists who have already been made known in England, she remarks that there are many other writers also who well deserve recognition, and ' who by vivid description and accurate accounts of their native hinds can dispel such erroneous ideas of Australia and New Zealand as still prevail.' There are Borne two dozen contribu tions to the number, the subjects of which are sufficiently varied, and which include fiction, sketches, politics, theatricals, and poetry. Among those who have supplied the last-mentioned article is Sir Henry Parkes, who also, after the man ner of Walter Savage Landor — considerably after — gives an 'imaginary conversation' be tween the ghosts of Wentworth and Dr. Lang. One of Sir Henry's poems is entitled 'Weary' and the other ' Solace.' Both are meant to in dicate their author's readiness to — as a sailor mi:/ht put it — ' slip his hitches ' at a moment's notice, and become a ghost himself. To speak seriously of these compositions — which, indeed, has seldom been possible when it has been a question of the labors of our ex-Premier's muse — they are really as decent samples of rhyme as he has ever managed to produce. The veteran Melbourne journalist, Mr. David Blair, Tinder the title of 'The Night ot the Grand Debate,' gives his recollections of a memorable scene in the Victorian Assembly, in which he was himself an actor. He then represented a county constituency in the sister colony, and had for a colleague — if we are not mistaken — the late Mr. Butler Cole AspinaL The debate was, it would appear, that which preceded the downfall of the first O'Shannassy Ministry in 1857. The Colored Labor Question in Australia is briefly dealt with by Sir Samuel Griffith. He points out the danger to our sopial and political institu tions from the introduction in any considerable numbers of what would virtually be a servile race. An article on ' The Australian Drama ' leaves it to be regretted that the author, a Mr. H. J. Tapperell, should not have a . wider acquaintance with his subject. His knowledge of it seems to have be=.un as it were the day before yesterday, and he mentions very few of the Australian actors or actresses who were really excellent in their respective lines. In referring, by the way, to performers whose names were 'once large upon the bill,' he rather queerly lumps together Miss Essie Jenyns, Mr. H. R. Harwood. Mr. Douglas, Mr. H. N. War ner, whom he speaks of as ' the young Australian tragedian.' Mr. J. L. Hall.and Miss Annie Mayor. Harry Neil Warner was not a young Australian tragedian, but an English one, and the son of a once famous English actress. In his day here his name was a very respectable one indeed on a bill, and his natural gifts were very considerable. He frequently played at the Theatre Royal with G. V. Brooke, Melbourne. That yreat actor had a very high opinion of Warner, and used to speak of him as the man most capable of succeeding him on the Australian stage. Elsewhere this erudite commentator on the Australian drama refers to ' the early days, when Hoskins, Montgomery, and Kean were our actors.' HoBkins no doubt was to be in cluded in the list of 'our actors,' but Charles Kean and Montgomery were mere visitors. The pictures of many of the contributors to the opening number of 'The Antipodean' are given, together with other illustrations. Without any intention of unduly depreciating the new literary venture, it may be remarked that when the actual quality of most of its contents come to he coolly estimated by strangers, they will be very apt to find the series of portraits thus provided for the presumable gratification of a curious and anxious public not a little ridicu lous. They may very well wonder with Mr. Vincent Crummies, ' who puts these things in.' ' The Antipodean ' may, perhaps, make a better show next year, and reveal that talent which the Countess of Jersey speaks of in such hopeful and kindly terms. But, certainly, from most of these evidences its existence would never be suspected. 