Some Dental Remini scences. ? ? 6—— « ? I have been dabbling a litllo in dertistry for th« past d«;, =. sn-3 ss fir as I have gor.e i can't, say thai I hanker after it as & m-?£K3 cf r?st ana rr-l.-ixiticn. I hsd much rather sit in a barbel's ch'iir. *nd iisve him oocr bay rum down ray reck and ssk me if I didn't want a Fea foam or a sciip ersdicator. Ah ur.pteasons and annoying to the sensitive soul us that is. it i? a P.ethc ven symphony alongside cf a rest in a dentist's chair. It almost makes a man wish he had been horn without teeth, when he comss to having them filled. I mentioned this little der: v.ct to my dentist but he only grunted and told me noi to spit cn the carpet. There is something so disc&cregirg; So conversation in the re?L-lar cour=e of dentistry that one hstee to have the life knocked cut of a little piea.= anlry by a mercinary minded tooth doctor. A man can think of a good many things while a man's list ana a set cf boring apparatus is operating inside his jaws, hut he can scarcely find words to give his thoughts ex pression. Then when tbe merry ripple of pers'flage flows forth with the ssliva at some intermission of the tragedy, he hates to have it received as cooly as civil service application for office. This makes the last of the Mscbeth fillings thst I have had re-rlaced. There were six of them at first, twelve years ago ; all put in by the same master hand. One by one they parted Irom me. Some cf them willingly, yea gladly, in company with a piece of molasses candy, others broken of! abruptly in the full tide of their strength and usefulness by a stray bit of ; oyster shell. I had a girl occj who loosened s large front fillies wivh ons of her wErm, vclupwons kisses that drew like a mustard plaster or a new piece cf suction hose. Thia lastone I shcokout of a teeth-chattering con- j test where some one was telling ghost stories j in the dark. Henceforth Macbeth and I wiil be as though nothing had ever passed between us. I carry no more of his bi sclphate of sine around with me and I am glad of it. My first dentel experience happened in the early part of my career, but i never think of it without a recoil of horror, whatever thai is. The dentist, whose tooth- jerking emporium and jav-disiooating parlors I patronised, went by rhe n&ine; of Maoheifa, He looked like a man who would stoop to murder, if the man was smaller than he or be had him down. I did not patronise him from choica but from policy. He run a half square adv. in the paper cn which I then worked, and one morning when I complained of a tOGthache, the editor suggested that I should go to Macbeth. Mr. Maabetb kept a Bmsll showcase full of teeth at the bottom of the stairway leading to his bicusped bassaar, and the doctor who did bueinesscn thefloor above, also had a small, but choice collection oi aristocratic corns on the ether side of the staircase. The cffect, as we artists say, was harmonious but startling. ' Persons would stop as they went by to look at tbe showcases, just as they do in front of a photographer's display, and point out Major Taylor's three- pronged molar cr Mrs, Judge Taiey's troublesome hard corn. When I went to Mr. Macbeth, I told him that a toothache was troubling me, and that I had s large, important looking tricuspid that I would like to add to his collection. He said that he didn't usually put any but the teeth of actresses sad professional men in his display, bat that he might make an exception in my case, if I would give him & ten-line local in next week's paper. I promised the local, and a good position &i; top of the column, next reading matter, provided he gave my tooth the same in' his case. That was when 1 was young and proud. Now, I have my teeth pulled, not necessarily for exhibition. Then I took a Eeat, opened my month and waited, while Macbeth made his explorations. When he returned from the interior he said tbere was no need of pullinc the tooth st all. That it ought to be filled. Ho also announced with gladsome Eurekaness, that he had dis covered five other large, underground ctvities that ought to be stopped up. In my guileless innocence I told him to go ahead with the contract. Then he jabbed a stick of wood into my month to hold it open, while fee rummaged aronnd among the assortment of raspa he kest on file. Rejecting seme cf the less deadly instru ments, he selected his favorite weapon and placed himself in an offensive attitude. He placed his left hand across the bridge of my nose to steady himself, and his hand was as coid and alammy as the touch of a dear de parted friend. I tried to remonstrate with him, but he had already began opei&tions;, and I could only think up things that I would say when I got loose. After staking ont his claim, he began to bore for quartz. Ever? once in a while his gimlet would slip cniiah a hole in my jaw. Then he would twist it out, brace his feet more firmly against the woodwork, and jab away again. So he went on. tapping a vein here, striking paying dirt there, and running into a blind lead some place else, till all six of the cavities were tlied. Mr. Maobeth's breath was nearly as strong as his arm, and OBtne near taking the place of chloroform. His hands also lead me to believe that he had had turkey hash for breakfast, and had been dealt the neck. Bai I did not complain. When man has his mouth full of small crobare and nail punches !m is foolish; to otter a wo^d oi complaint asaut anything. When I got a chance to get np and beat an honorable retreat, I did so. I think Mac beth must have taken me for the late Mr. Mo Dun. . , ' ^eE5an^ *0f its leather has brought the k&ngarob; into imminent danger of ex tinction, and measures are in contemplation for restricting the daughter of the animal, Ethel : ' What do yon think of Joblote' engagement to Miss Sears f 1 Jack : ' He might do worse.' k ? u He will — he is going to marry ' Why, Casper, this isn't a bit the kind of a house I supposed you wonld build,' ' No, I'm rather surprised tnygelf, bat the architect ie very vrell eatigfied,' 