THE NOVELIST. LIST, YE LANDSMEN !* A ROMANCE OF INCIDENT. BY \V. CI.AKK RUKSELL, AUTHOR OK "THE WBKCK OF THE GROSVENOR," "AN OCEAN TRAGEDY," 'THE FROZEN riBATE," &LC.; VOLUME I. CHAPTER I. I ARKTVE IN THE DOWNS. Sailors visit many fine countries ; but there is none-not the very finest -that delights them more than the coast of their own native land when they sight it after a long voyage. The flattest piece of treeless English shore sucli a melancholy, sandy, muddy waste, say, as that which the River Stour winds greasily and slinnly through past Sandwich, into the salt, green, sparkling waters of the Small Downs-the English sailor will look at with a thirstier anil sharper pleasure than ever could be excited in him by the most majestic and splendid scenery abroad. Tims in efi'ect thought I, as I stood upon the quarter-deck of the Royal Brunswicker, viewing the noble elevation of the white South Foreland, oil' which the ship was then leisurely rolling as she flapped her way to the Downs with her yards squared to the weak westerly breeze ; for-to take you into my confidence at once-this part of the coast of old England I had the best of all reasons for loving. First of all I was bom at Folke stone ; next, on losing my parents, I was taken charge of by a maternal uncle, Captain Joseph Round, whose house stood 011 the road between Sandwich and Deal; and then, when I first went to sea, I was bound"appren tice to a master sailingoutof Dover liarbour ; so that this range of coast had peculiar associations for me. Consider. It comprised the sum of my boyish, and of most, therefore, of my happiest, memories; indeed, I could not gaze long at those terraces of chalk, with their green slopes of down on top, and with clusters of bouses between sparkling like frost-, and many a lozenge-shaped win dow glancing back the light of the sun with the clear, sharp gleam of the diamond, with out recollection stealing in a moisture into my eyes. The ship was the Royal Brunswicker. I jm&er; first mate. The name of her master was-ypnHling. mine William Fielding. Cap tain Spalding had married a relative of my toother's. He was a Nortbobuntryman, and had suited for many years from the Tyneand from me Wear; but two years before the date of this story-that is to say, in the middle ! ot the year 1812-he had been offered the j command of the Royal Brunswicker, a small, j cosy, lubberly, fall-rigged ship of 490 tons, j belonging to the port of London. I was , stopping at Deal with my uncle at that time, | and heard that Captain Spalding-bat I for , got how the news of such a thing reached me at Deal-was in want of a second mate. [ applied for the post, and, on the merits of my relationship with the captain's wife, to say no more, I obtained the appointment. We sailed away in the beginning of Sep tember, 1812, bound to the east coast of South America. Before we were up with the Line the mate-a sober, grey- haired, God fearing Scotsman-died, and I took his post and served as mate daring the rest of the voyage. We called at several ports, receiving and discharging cargo, and then headed tor Kingston, Jamaica, whence, having filled up flush to the hatches, we proceeded to Eng land in a fleet of forty sail, convoyed by a two decker, a couple of frigates, and some smaller ships of the King. But in latitude 20deg. north a hurricane of wind broke as up. Every ship looked to herself. We, with top gallant masts on deck, squared away under bare poles, and drove for three days bow under in foam, the seas meeting in slinging sheets of living green upon the forecastle. We prayed to God not to lose sight of us, and kept the chain-pumps going, and every hoar a dram of red rum was served out to the hearts; and there was nothing to do but to steer, and pump, and swear, and hope. W ell, the gale broke, and the anmritifr rush of the wings of sea sank into a filthy, stag gering sloppiaess of broken, rugged surge, amidst which we tumbled with hideous dis comfort for another two days, so straining that we would look over the side thinking to behold the water full of tree-nails and planks of bottom sheathing. But the Royal Brunswicker was built to swim. All the honesty of the slow, patient, laborious ship wright ot her time lived in eveiy fibre of her as a noble conscience in a good man. When the weather at last enabled us to tnnJro m>il and proceed from a meridian of longitude many degrees west of the point where we had parted company with the convoy, we found the ship staunch as she had been at the hour of her birth. All the water she had taken in had tumbled into ber from above. What say ye to this, ye sailors of the paddle and the screw? We made the rest of the passage alone, cracking on with the old bucket to recover lost time, and keeping a bright look-out for anything that might betoken an enemy's ship. And now, on the afternoon of September 19th, in the year of God 1BL4, the Royal Brunswicker was off the Sooth Foreland, languidly flapping with square yards before a. tight westerly breeze into the Downs that | lay broadunder her bows, crowded with ship ping. The hour was about three. A small trickle of tide was working eastward, and upon thai we floated along, more helped by the faatj; failing run of the stream than by but there .would be dead water and then a fast gathering jhipgsetto the west Cap^aW Spalding whiattel the*taifcoard quarter,!""" ovfcrtheoanvas, i which had opened upon us as the South Fore land drew away, seeking with his slow, cold blue, North-country eye for a comfortable spot in which to bring up. The coast of France lay, for all its white ness, in a pale orange streak upon the edge of the sea, where it seemed to hover as though it were some sunny exhalation in process of being drawn up mid absorbed by the sun that was shining witli September brightness in the south-west sky. But over that smudge of orange-coloured hind slept a roll of massive white clouds, the thunder- fashioned heads of them a few degrees high, and clouds of a like kind rested in vast shapeless bulks of tufted heaped-up vapour-very Cordilleras ot clouds -on the ice smooth edce of the water in the north-east. The sea streamed in thin ripples out of the west; and upon the light movement running through it the smaller of the vessels at anchor in the Downs were lazily nourishing their naked spars. Captain Spalding called to me. " 1 shall bring up, Bill, said he : for Bill was the familiar name he gave me when we were alone, though it was always "Mr. Fielding" in the hearing of the men. "1 shall bring lip, Bill," said he. " I don t quite make out yet what the weather's going1 to prove. See those clouds? ANlios to tell what such appearances signify in these waters? But the westerly wind's failing. ] There's nothing coming out astern that's going to help us," and he looked at the horizon that way. " I shall bring up." I was mighty pleased to hear this, though indeed I had expected it: for now might I hope to get leave to pay my uncle, Captain Joseph Round, a visit, for a few hours. I believe Spalding saw what was passing in my mind ; he gazed at the land and then round upon the sea, and fell a:whistling again in a j small note, shaking his head. I reckoned that I could not do bet er than ask leave at once, and said : _ " As you intend to bring up, I hope you 11 allow me to go ashore for a few hours to see how Uncle Joe does. He'd not forgive me for failing to visit him should he hear that the Royal Brnnswicker had anchored almost abreast of his dwelling-place, and that 1 had missed your consent simply for not seeking ; it." \ He sniffed and looked suspiciously about: him awhile, and answered : _ | " Don't ask me for leave until the anchor's . down and the ship's snug, and the weather's ; put on some such a face as a man may read." " Ay. ay, sir." said I. " Bill," said he, "go forward now and see I all clear for bringing up. There's a pood berth some cables' length past that frigate yonder-betwixt her and the pink there." As I was walking forward a man came clumsily sprawling over the side on to the i deck. His face was purple; he wore a hair cap, a red shawl round his throat,' and a jersey. I peered over the rail and saw a | Email Deal galley hooked alongside, with two men in her. "Going to bring-up, sir?" said the man. " Yes," I answered. " Where are ye bound to ?" " To London." " Want a pilot?" " You'll find the captain aft there," said I. *' You are from Deal, I suppose " Whoy, yes." "Haveyou ever heard of Captain Joseph Round?" "Ever heard of Cap'n Joseph Round? echoed the man. "Whoy, ye might as well ask me if I've ever heard o' Deal beach." " Is he living?" "There's ne'er a fish a-swimming under) this here keel that's more living." "And he's well, I hope?" " It's going to be a bad job when old Cap'n Round falls ill. Old Cap'n Round's one of them gents as never knows what it is to have BO much as a sttasm ; though when the likes of them are took bad, it's common-loy good noight," said he, with an emphatic nod. " I don't reckon your services will be re- j quired," said I; "but I may be wanting to go ashore after we've brought up, and you can keep your eye upon this snip it" you like." " Thank ye, sir. Loike to see a paper, sir?" and here the man thrust his hand under his jersey and pulled down a tattered news-: paper a few weeks old, gloomy with beer stains and thumb-marks; but news even a | few weeks old must needs be very fresh ne.ws j to me after an absence ot two years, during which I had caught but a few idle and ancient | whispers of what was happening at home. I thanked the man. put the newspaper in my pocket, meaning to look at it when I should have leisure, and stepped on to the forecastle, where I stood staring about me, awaiting j Drdere from the captain. The scene of the water was very grand. There were, probably, two hundred sail of wind-bound ships at anchor. Every kind of rig, I think, was there, from the tall spars of the British frigate down to the little, squab, apple-bowed, wallowing hoy. I am writing this in the year 1849. A great change in ship ping has happened since 1814. You have men-of-war now with funnels and paddle wheels ; steam has shortened the passage to India from four months to two months and ' a half, which is truly wonderful. Nay, the j Atlantic has been crossed in three weeks, j and I may yet live to see the day when the run from Liverpool to New York shall not exceed a fortnight But the change since 1814 is not in steam only. Many are the structural alterations. Ships I will not deny have gained in speed and convenience; but they nave lost in beauty. They are no longer romantic, and picturesque, and quaint. No; ships are no longer the gay, the shining, the castellated, the spacious-winged fabrics of my young days. Could you possess the memory of the scene of Downs as it showed on that September afternoon from the forecastle of the Royal Brunswicker, you would share in the affectionate enthusiasm, the delight, and the regret with which I recur to it. How am I to express the light, the life, the colour of Hie picture; the fiery flashing of glossy, low, black, wet sides, softly stooping upon the silken heave of the sea; the gleam of storied windowB in tall sterns; the radiance of gilt ^brk'on the quarter galleries of big West East fndiamen, straining motionless at their Item pen cable and lifting stax- like irncksto the altitude of the mastheads of a Jijw-^fe&tfte; fillip 1 I see again the long, I^ iiraSfic-lOOking schooner. Her brand \- ahfeathing rises like a strong light, winK iipwarde out of the water on which l a strake or two of her *" * see the handsome brig pwer masts aft and top 1 into ft scarce perceptible ;jtiis « BhOrt grin of guns brilliant brass piece ft trader She frill . but she tfbrauB .oommerciBJ ,<kA»ai B:\ the taffrail, a boat triced up to theforcstay,1 and a tiny boy swinging, knife in band, attbe mas*. . . " But what I most clearly see is the fine English frigate motionless in the heart of the , forest of shipping that stretches away toriRht and left of her. With what exquisite precision are her yards braced! How ad mirably furled is every sail, and how finely managed each cone-shaped bunt! There is no superfluous rigging to thicken her gear. Whatever is not wanted is removed, iter lone pennant lloats languidly down the top gallant mast, and at her gall-end ripples the Hag ot' Groat Britain-the lighting Hag of the State : the Hag that by the victory at Trafalgar but a few years since was hauled to the very masthead of the world, with such stout hearts still left, in this year of God, 1814, to guard the halliards, that one cannot recall their names without a glow of pride coming into the cheek and a deeper beat entering every pulse. Ah! thought I. as I gazed at the fine frigate, delighting with appreciative nautical eye in the hundred points of exquisite equip ment which express the perfect discipline of the sea ; admiring the white, line of hammocks which crowned the grim, silent muzzled tier of ordnance, the spot of red that denoted a marine, the agility of some fellows m her fore-rigging-heavens! how different from the slow and cumbersome sprawling ot tlie heavilv-breeched merchant-Jack !-All! thought 1, whilst 1 kept my eyes bent in ad miration upon the frigate, who would not rather be the first lieutenant of such a craft as that than the first mate of such an old waggon as this? And yet I don t know, thought I, keeping my eyes fastened upon tlie frigate. It is good to be a sailor to begin with-best sailor, best man, spite of uniforms and titles and the colour of the llag he serves under. And which service produces the best sailor, I wonder? And here I told over to myself a number of names of seamen who had risen to great, and some of them to glorious, eminence in the Royal Navy, all ot whom had served in the beginning of their ! vears in the merchant service; and then 1 i also thought to myself, who sees most of the 1 real work-the hard, heavy, perilous work of ! tlie ocean-tlie man-of-wavsman or the j merchantman'! And I could not but smile I as I looked from that trim and lovely frigate 1 to our owu sea-beaten hooker, and from the j few livelv hearties of the man-of-war visible upon her decks to the weather-stained, round ; backed men of our crew, who were hanging about waiting for the captain to sing out orders. No, 1 could not help smiling. But whilst I smiled a volley of orders v-as suddenly fired off by Captain Spalding from the quarter-deck, and in an instant I was singing out too, and the crevv were hauling upon the ropes shortening sail. We lloated to the spot that Spalding had singled out with his eye, the Deal boat tow ing alongside, with the fellow that boarded us inside of her, for the captain had promptly motioned him overboard on his stepping aft. and then the anchor was let go, and the sails rolled up. It was just then sunset. The frigate lired a gun ; down fluttered her ensign, and a sort of tremble of colour seemed to run through the forest ot masts as every vessel, big and little, in te sponce to the sullen clap of thunder from the fiigate's side, hauled down her Hag. A stark calm had fallen, heavy masses of electric cloud were lifting slowly east and south, but they wore to mv mind asuuimer countenance. Methought I had used the sea long enough to know wind by my sight and smell without heariug or feeling it; and I was cocksure that those clouds signified nothing more than a storm or two-as landsmen would call it a small local matter of lightning and thunder, with no air to notice, and a silent night ot stars to follow'. " , , . , When I had attended to all that required being seen to by me acting as the mate of the ship, I went aft to Captain Spalding, who was walking the. deck alone, smoking a pipe, and said to him, " It's going to be a line night" , "I believe you are right, said he, gazing into the dusk of the evening, amid which the near shipping looked pale, and the more distant craft dark and swollen. " Are you going ashore T said I. " No," he answered. *' There's nothing at Deal to call me ashore. I know Deal and I don't love it, Bill." "I should like to shake Uncle Joe by the hand," said I. "So you shall,"said he. 1 But see here, my lad. you must keep a bright look- out on the weather. If ever you're to keep your weather eye lifting 'tis whilst you are visiting Uncle Joe, for should there come a slant of wind, I'm off! There'll be no stopping to send ashore to let you know that I'm going." _ '. Right you are,"cried I heartily, "a bright look-out shall be kept. But there'll be no slant of wind this night-* little thunder but no wind," said I, catching as I spoke the dim sheen of distant lightning coming and going in a winking sort of way upon the mass of stuff that overhung the coast of France. I stepped below into my cabin to change my clothes. It will not be supposed that my slender wardrobe showed very handsomely after two years of hard wear. I pot on the best garments I had, a shaggy pilot coat with large born buttons, and a velvet waist coat, and on my head I seated a round bat with a small quantity of ribbon lloatingdown abaft it, so that on the whole my appearance was rather that of a respectable forecastle hand than that of the chief mate of a ship. Here whilst I am brushing my hair before a bit of broken looking glass in my cabin let me give you in a few sentences a description of myself. And first of all, having been born in the vear 1790, I was aged twenty-four, but looked'a man of thirty, owing to the many years I had passed at sea and the rough life of the calling. I was about five f<ft>t eleven in height, shouldered and chested in proportion, very strong on my legs, which were slightly curved into a kind of easy bowling, rolling air by the ceaseless slanting of decks under me: in short* taking me altogether you would fairly have termed me at that age of twen ty four a fine young fellow. I was fair, with dark reddish hair and dark blue eyeB, which the girls sometimes calledviol§t; my cheeks and chin were smooth-shaven, According to the practice of those times ', my teeth very good, white, and even; my noBe straight, shapely, ana proper, but in triy thrpafc and neck I was something heavy, Such was 1, William Fielding, at the age of twenty-lour. I write without vanity. Godknowsitis too late for vanity I Suppose a ghost capable of think ing : figure it musing upon the ashes of the body it had occupied-ashes mouldenng and infragrant in a clay-rotted coffin twelve foot | deep- . , " ., j Even as such a ghost might muse, BO write I of my youth. , , I pocketed the boatman s newspaper, lest; the cabin servant .coming into my cabin j should espy and c&rry; it away. And I also i put In my pocket same tnflefi which I had; purchased as Wrior at one or another of «ie porta we had visited, ind then gomg on. deckj Thailed the rfc^t jtlMrt ifead fen Jfeepwgi i close to us. but tftst was pow lying alongside j & brig some little distance a'way, BkidpBde thfe ^ Ifellows putine afihore. , , ] i Sheet lightning waB playing round the sea, : but stars in plenty were shining over our mastheads; the water was very smooth ; 1 did not feel the lightest movement of air. Forward 011 our ship a man was playing on the fiddle, and a group of seamen in lounging attitudes were listening to him. 1 also heard the voice of a man singing on ft vessel lying astern of us : but all was hushed aboard the frigate; the white lines of her stowed canvas ruled the stars in pallid streaks, as though snow lay upon the yards; no light showed aboard of her ; she lay grim, hushed, big in the dusk with a suggestion of expectancy in the dominating sneer of her bows, and in the barkening steeve of her bowsprit, as though steed-like she was listening with cocked ears and wide nostrils ; and yet, dark as it was, you would have known her for a British man-of-war, spite of the adjacency of some East and West India men, which looked in the gloom to lioat nearly as tall as she. " it's a quarter to eight, Bill," exclaimed Captain Spalding, going to the companion way and standing in it, whilst he spoke to me, with one foot on the ladder. " You will remember to keep your weather eye lifting, my lad. At the first slant I get my anchor ; so stand by. Ye'd better ask Uncle Joe to keep his window open, that you may smell what you can't see and hear what you can't smell. My respects to Uncle Joe. Tell him if I'm detained here to-morrow I may pay him a visit, unless he has a mind for a cut of Deal beef and a piece of ship's bread down in my cabin. Anynow, my respc-cts to him and he vanished. I dropped into the mizzen chains, got into the galley, and was rowed ashore. 