A D A U G H T E R O F LIL1TH. Tlie : StranP® Story or a Haas Love for an. Immortal. I bed left Pans on the evening of. the previous day and passed a long and silent night in a corner of the railway carnage. For sir mortal hours I had waited, at a small station, and not until the afternoon did I succeed in f a peasant's cart to take me to. Artigues. jlaui, the undulations of which rose and * • an each side of the road, and which, when : j .J seen it before, was smiling at the great was now covered Dy a thick veil of Bnow, •v - which writhed the black, twisted trunks of -'•• * vines My guide pushed his old horse '' • i slowly ; wedrove on, enveloped in a deep ce which was broken at intervals by the \- i : 'itive err of a bird. Sad unto death, I "•in-muted in my heart this prayer : "My God \- • »od of mercy—pr&erve; me from despair and 5 >t me net commit, alter so many faults, the " sin which Thou wouldst not pardon 1 " I. saw the sun. red and rayless, descending bleeding host: en. the iionzari, and, rer • sling tlie divme sacrifice of Calvary, I felt hope , -for mv pnul The wheels coutinued_lo crate " He is learned in books "i" "M. Safrac, the cure, is as learned as he is devout." "They say so.. They say other things, dso." " What do they say ?" " They say - what they like, and I let them talk." . "Well, what else ?" " Well, there are some who believe that the sure is a sorcerer, and: that he csBts spells." " What nonsense !" " I say nothing, sir, myself; but if 5L Safrac is not a sorcerer who casts spells, why does he read in books, then ? " The cart stopped in front of the parsonage. servant, who conducted ms to her master inthe dining-room, where the ta"ble was already set. I found M. Safrac very much changed in the three years since I had seen him. His tall frame was bent, his; thinness had become excessive, his piercing eyes shone out from his emaciated face, and his nose, which seemed larger, reached to his drawn month. "My father, my father !"'I cried, as I fell, sobbing, into his arm6 ; " X come to you because I have sinned. Oh. you, whose deep aud mysterious science awed my spirit while you tranquillized my soul by showing me your paternal heart, draw your child from, the brink of the precipice • Oh, my only friend, save me, enlighten me!" He embraced me, Emiled at me with that exquisite kindness of which he had given me so many proofs in my early youth, and, steppina back a litt'e, so as to see tne better, baid : " WitK Gbd'a helpV" saluting me. after the fashion of his country. After years of distinction is professor of philosophy at Bordeaux^ at Puictiers, and at Paris, he had asked, as an onlv favor, for a' poor living in the-country where he had been born and wtiere he wisaea to oie. Cur?, ot Artigues fur the last sir years, he practiced m this obscure village the most mirable pietv and the most-exalted science. " Witti (x-id s help. my ctiild," be repeated, "Tour letter, announcing vour arrival, moved me ttetnlv. It is true, then, that you have not loraorten vour old master? I started to-throw mvself at lus feet. still 5ta!iiiH"-ru:« : S.^ve me. save me!' but he stonpea me witn a gesture at once gentle and imperious. ' Jean, he sata.' "you can tell me to morrow what you have to say. Isow warm vnurselr. Then we shall eat, tor you must be very hungrv. ,Tlie servant placed on the table the soup vuitleen. from which rose a column of fragrant steam. S^e was an old-woman. whose hair was hidoeu urid'-r a black silk, handkerchief and on \- whose wrinkled face were ni m\:I-.d the beauty of the peasant type ana the ugliness of • decrepitude. I was greatly agitated ; still, the peace . o£ the holy dwelling, the cheerfulness of the < wood fire, of the white table cloth, of the : decerned mne, and of ttie steaming dishes, gra- . dually took possession of ine, and presently I • almost forgot that I h-J.4 came to the home of • this priest to change the aridity of my remorse for the fertile dew of repenrance. > -'Jean,' said 51. Safrac. "vou were my- best : pupil. Tour prompt intelligence always tra- • veiled beyond the thought of the master. That is whv I became attached* to you at once. I love boldness m a Christian. Faith must not be tiiiua when impiety shows soon indomitable audacity. Toe church to-day has but Iambs ; she needs lions. Wno .will replace with. us the fathers and the sases whose glance embraced all.the sciences? Truth is like the sun, it : needs the eve of the eade to contemplate it "' 'Ah. II. bafrae, you brought, to bear oil erery question that eve which nothing dazzles^ I remember how your opinions sometimes startled even those of your colleagues 1 whom the sanctity of your life filled with admiration- You did not dreau novelties. That was how,- for instance, you were inclined to admit the plurality of inhabited worlds." What will the timid ones say when they \- read my. book ? ' .he exclaimed, witti-brighten- : me eyes ; " I have meditated. I have' worked. You .know, that 1 am acquainted with Hebrew, Aratuan, Persian, and several of the Indian languages, You know that I-brought with-me here a library rich, in ancient manuscripts I have dipped deep into knowledge of languages and the traditions-rof the -primitive Orient. . 1 have just finished my book on the 'Origins,' whicn -restores and sustains that sacred.. interpretation of the Scriptures m fie imminent . ruin of which impious science-believes already God. in His minute mercy, has willed that • science and faith be reconciled. To produce this reconciliation, I start irom this ideaThe Bible, inspired by the Holy Ghost, tells nothing but what is true, but does not tell all thai is true., And how could it tell it, since it pro- "Joses. for its only object, to inform us of that winch is necessary to our eternal salvation ' Beyond thisgrand design, there exists nothing font. Itsplan isas eimole as vit is immense-' Tt embraces the fall and the redemption. It is the divme history . of -man. It incomplete ma limited Xothmg is admitted to it simply to satisfy profane curiosity 5Tow impious science cannot triumph for long ovet the silence of God It i time to say 'Ko, tie Bible has not hed, because it has nob revealed all ' Such is the truth which 1 proclaim. Mablse of geology, pre-hiBtonc archajolotjy, tal cosmogon Hittate monumentss Ghaliand Babylonian traditions, and jancient " in the Talmud, I "hare * """ nit^, bf whom- Holjabsolute Mother, tfae Ohnrch-I affinn,withan ceri^^y—subjecValwajjEj to the-anti appointed when Hi. Sarrac. dropping his elbows ou the table, said to me * . ' Enough of this topic. Someday, perhaps, you will read m _ book, which wul instruct, you on the subject. It was necessary, as I was in strict duty bound, to submit, this work to monseigneur and to solicit the approbation of his grace. The manuscript is now at the arciibishop's, and I expect ever? moment axicc-ssion; which I have every reason to believe will prove favorable." - ; . Tnen the conversation, becommmg more familiar, turned on our mutual recollections. "Yes, my child." said M. Safrac to me, " you were .the pupil of myciioice. God permits preferences when they are founded on an equitable judgment.- Now, I judged at once that there was m you. the makma of a man and a Christian. Kbt that I did not aotxce great imperfections in you " You were unequal, uncertain, easily disturbed. Passions, still secret smoldered in your soul: T loved you for j out great- restlessness, as I loved anotuer of my pupils for different qualities. I cnenshed Paul d'Ervy for the resolute firmness of his mind and Heart;" At this name I turned red and then pale. I could hardly restrain a cry, jandi, w hen l ines t-o answer. it was impossible ior me to speak. M". E?afrac did not seem to notice my agita. • j; my memory is was your cios-st coinrade," he added; "you have remained •vtrv intimate with him, have you not? I K. : t that lie entered the diplomatic service, si;-" that he has a great future beiore nun. \ou liars in fauna faitnfiil and devoted friend. \- Sly father," I answered, with au eft:irt, ' I will talk to you to-morrow of Paul'd'Ecvy and of another person." 1L Safrac pressed my hand. We separated, and I went to the room which lie had caused to be prepared for me. In my bed, perfumed with lavender, -I dreamed that I was a child again, and that, kneeling ia the college chapel. I was admiring the white .and shining wonieii with whom the seats were filled, whensuddenly a voice, comingfrpm a cloud, spoke above my head and said: " Jean, tiiou believest t-iat thou dost love them in God, but it is God whom thou lovest in them." When I awoke in the morning 1 found M. Safrac standing at the head of jny bed. Jean," he said'to me, "couie and hear the jTiKa(; wi»ieh' l inn froiiifr _ to .. cc!o-bratc far , 3-our After the holy office. I will be reaav^^ hear what you have to tell "me." The churchof Artigues is a little sanctuary m that Roman style which still flourished in Aquitaine io the twelfth century. Restored about 'twenty years ago, it received a steeple which was not included in the primitive planj. Being poor, it Etill preserved, at least its pure bareness.. Ijoined,-as well as my state of miod would permit, in the prayers of the priest, and then returned with him to the parsbnage." There we breakfasted on a little bread jiiid niilk and then entered M. Safrac's room. Drawing chairs ut> to the fire place, above which a crucifix was suspended, he invited me to sit down, and," having seated himself near me, signed me to begin. Outside the enow was faliing. ; " " My father," I commenced, " it is t~n years 'since T left vour care tx) enter the - world.-.. I- have preserved my faith, but, alas ! • not my purity. I need. not i-etrace to you my career ; you know it^r-you, my spiritual guide, the sole director of my conscience. Besides, I am in haste to reach the Brent which has upset my: Hie. Last year, my family decided that 1 should marry, and I: assented willingly. The young girl destined, for me presented all the advantages, which parents usually seek, and she was pretty, she pleased me—so much so .tiiat, instead of making a ' marriage of convenience.-' I was. about to make a marriage or inclination. We became engagea. . -Tne hapmness. and rertose or life seemeo assured, when I received a letter irom Paul djErvy. announcing bis. arrival 111 Paris from Constantinople and expres-mg a great desire to see me. I hastened to him and told him of my coming marriage. He congratulated me cordially. : I said that I counted on his being mv best man, and he accepted willingly : my marriage was faxed for the fifteenth of May. ana he did not have to return to his post until the first days in June. Then the conversation turned, to other topics " ' I am doing: very well.' I said. ' and you f * '"Oh, I! J he answered, wita a smile which expressed at once joy and sadness : * I what a change! I am mad—a woman—Jean, I am either very happy or very unhappy. What can yon call a happiness which has oeeu purchased by a bad action ? I have grieved. I have betrayed^ an excellent friend. I have carried off from Constantinople, the—•—*" " Sly son," 3f. Safrac interrupted, "omit from your story the xaults of others and nameno one." I promised to obey, ana-continued as follows "Paul haa hardly finished speaking when a. woman entered .the: room. It-was sue evidently. She seemed quite at ease. I will express to you in a single word tne impression she made on me. Sne did not seem to me to be natural. I feel liow obscure this term is and; how badly it explains my idea ; but; perhaps, it will: become more intelligible to you as you follow, my story; In • truth, m the exDression of .her golden , eves,-which seemed to emit, at tunes, showers of sparks - in the curve of her enigmatic mouth, in the tissue of her flesh, at once dark and. luminous : in the-play -of the harsh and yet harmonious lines of her body the airy- lightness of her step; even in her naked arms, to -which- invisible wings seemed attached; finally, in her whole ardent and fluid being, I- felt, something strangely foreign to human nature—something. 1 know not what, inferior and superior to woman such as God has made nar to oe our compataion on this earth r of exile. - From the moment that j saw her, a feeling arose ;m my Boul -and completely * filled il I felt an infinite disgust for all which was not this woman. "When Tie sair her enter. Paul frowned slightly, but changing his mmd immediately,: lie tried to smile " ' Leila, let me present my best friend " I know M. Jean.' iieila answered.' "These wordE must have seemed strange for we; liad certainly never met before. • But the accent was stranger still: if the crystal could think, it would-speak so. "' SIy friend Jean/ added Paul 'is to be married in six weeks.* "At this moment Leila looked at me, and I saw plainly that her golden ej es said * AV "1 left greatly agitated, my friend not show uig the least desire to jettiu me, 1 wandered: about the streets all day, my heart empty and desolate ; then, finding myself, m the evening berore a florist's shop on jhe Boulevard. 1 remembered. my Anmicec and entered to get a branch of white lilac fit her Hardiy was the ^fiojrer between my fingers when a little hand soatched it from me, and. I saw Leila xuanlug oE laughing Shehadona Ehorfgra dress, gray coat, end a little round hat bat. ThisEaruaj Parisian racin^coBtame wasstraugleyinharmomous rifch the fairy lite beauty of this creature Tiad eeemed on terJikeaaortof disguisc. Still us 1 saw her thus,). fplf that I loved lie, vjth cu inextinguishable love I Irjed to ortch her bur enured mp m The ciowd of jieopk -lud J- : ^ X 0lt las bntdidt Finally, oue day, c'iSrvy sont- sfllft: "Oh, myiaaer 1 this won bloo4*sm evBTiBipiateit^ I ler in the'salooc, half lying on a d Tohe of golden yellow sunder wiuck she had -curled Wiittle feet f saw feer--b.11>, x>~l • 'mi l 11 1 human appeared in her. Her f -.ch ^ no sentiment good or bad, excepting' ilwt *>f a voluptuousness at once-sensual aid..'ceitsstiaU Doubtless she noticed- my agitation, for presently she spoke to me. m a voice as pure as the song-of the brouks in tne woods' il: . " ' What is the-matter, with you .?. ' ' I love, you madly.* I cried through siiy tears, as I threw myself at herfeet.;, • " Then she opened her. 1 arms and cast on me a glance from her cleat and ; passionate eyes. ' Whvdidyou uotsay so aooner?' she said; " Hour without a name ? lfcseemVji.to me that both of us., carried away fo lieayen, filled it completely; I felt myself , becomiiig :the eoual of God, and——" At these words M. Safrac. who had listened to me for some time with visible impatience, rose aud stood against the chimney-, jboJdiiig.his cassock up to tiis kuees to warm his legs. " You are a miserable blasphemerJ'' JieEai t l, with a severity which was almost r coutempt, " and, far from detesting you crimcs, you confess xhem only from pride and delectation- I will listen to you no longer.-' . I ourst into tearB aud begged li is forgiveness... •Seeing tuat my liumihty' wa« sincere, ; he allowed me to continue my confession; 011 condition shat f should not sparfl myself. . : , My father," l continued. "l ieft Beila^ torn by remorse ; hut the next dav she came to me: and then comnjenced a lite which iiarawed me with tortures and delishts: I was jeslnu.v of Paul, whom I had -wronged, and 1 suffered cruelly. -X do not"believe there-is a more.debasmg disease than jealousy, bbr one which fills ,the soul with more odious images. Ijeila did not even deign to lie to help' me : in fact, her conduct was incobceiyable. I do not forgfi to whom 1 am speaking, and I shall be caret'iil not to offend the ears of the most venerable of priests.- I wili only say that Eeila-did Jiot sneiii to participate in the love which she allowed me to enjoy ; but she had- instilled into my whole being the poison <>f passion;- Leila was absolutely without that; which we call uioral sense. You must not believe, for all that, that she showed herself; wicked or criie! : she was, on the contrary, gentle and full of pity.' Keither did she lack intelligence, but her intelligence was not of the same nature as uurs. SlieVsppksi'Jittl^'-Te^t^./^ans.ir^^LQue^^ (Sous coccerning her past.. She knew uotbiiig of those things which we usually know, but. OH -iss-f" 1 m u c h of Lin'ntri^ of tTraTcSwe are i-jiiorant. Brought up in the Orient, she knew all sorts of Persfan and Hindoo legends* which she related in a men - ;- tohous chant-, with an infinite grace. To bear her tell of the chariinihe dawn of the world, one j "" r-t" 1 " -T l - . ' 1 woulo. Wsaid that, she was contemporary \ with the youth 'of tne universe. One day/I . made the remark to her. She answered, smUing : am bid, it is true."' •:.... I M. Safrac, still sanidmg'^ before the^^'fire, had i been bending dowu toward me fo: ina« attitude:of the liveliest attention. tmue,-he said. . . _ ; . _•( that she had non^ that, she did cot need any ; that tier mother, and • her sisters .. were the daugbterisof Gfod, and thatj nevertheless, tliey were ;not hound to IJiiu by any creed. She wore^.suspeuded' round her nc-cW, a medallion, 'fiii«a 'jnib s'littJia iiBd --eartii. nrhieh-libiB'caia she had Diouslv gathered- out of love for" her " ^ : \- ' ] tt®,, , -r if •'-'.-'• i. jHanilyhaa 1 pronounced tiiese words, when : 3L Safrac. pale and trembling, bounded for- ; ward and pressed me in his arm?. . . She spoke ttte truth ! ' he cried ; "I know now who 'tins ci-eamre:« as. Jean, tour. m- snnct did not d'-oeive you. It yrasnot awoman. 1'iiiish—hnish. I beg of you !' \- '- Jvlv father. T have almost hnisued.- Turongli love of Leila,.I haa br«ken ofx my isolemn engagement- 1" had betraved my best friend, I. nad offended God. Pauii havma learned of | Leila's inhdelitv. went Wild with grief. .He, i threatened to -kill her, but she answered him ,( aentlv ; Try it my friend , I would like to . me. but I can not, [ " For sis months she was mine. Then. r,ue i mormiig. sue announced that she was going, I back to Persia and that she would see me no i j S e more. I wept. 1 moaned, I aei- lared. that Ehe never loved me. \o no. my fnena,' she reuned, gently ; but how inanv women,.who-have not- loved' j you rmy more than I, have not giveu yo.u- that t whicn you have received from ine?. You, at least, owe me some gratitude. Adieu!' " I remained two days m anger and despair. Then, miudfol of the salvation of -my fioul, I hastened to you. my father. I am here ; purify, elevate, fortifv my heart t—for -I love her still' JiL Safrac remained iunought-ful. his hand pressed against iiis forehead; ' My son,' Jie: said, at last, " this confirms my srreat discoveries ; this will confound the pride of the modern sceDBcs. - Listen to me: We :live to-dav in a tune or miracles, as <lid tne -firstborn- men. 1 Listen, listen! Adam had, as I told you,: a first wite of whom the Bible does not speak, but. with whom the Talmud .makes us acquainted. She was called Ltlith. : Fm-med not" from one «f hi6 ribs, but from the red eaith from which ne himself was created, she wasnot flesh of his fiesh She left lum of her ov. n free will fie was still living 111 innocence ; when sh-a loft mm to go to those regions where tlie Persians established themselves long; years afterwards and where dwelt the preadamites— more intelligent and more beautiful, than iwn. She had Therefore, no part in the fault of our first father and was not sullied by the original sin ; conseijUentlv she escaped the curee pronounced airainst Eve and her posterity She •was 1 'exempt from pain and-.death; -: - :Efoviiig- no, -«oul -to save; -she- was :aj&; -incapable of merit • as: or dement Wliatever ehe does she does neither good nor evil. Her daughter^, Iwin to her from a mysterious hymen, are immortal like herself, and like her, free m their actions a«-i in their thoughts since they can neither gainnor lose before Cod Vow, inj son, I n'co/iil-.e. hy infallible signs, the creature who caused your fell This Leila was a daughter of Iiilith P. ay , I will hear you to morrow in confession.' 1 "He reiuamed thouglurul for a momentj tnei>, drawing a paper from lite pocket hs con tinned • Last night, after having wished you good sight, L received from, the letb r carrier « ho s had been delayed, by the snow a disagieeafele letter The h^ad near v. rites that m uook has. saddened mpnseigneurand east a gloom m his, soul ove the-eonnn^r joys ot Lent, This woik lie ados, is filled ^ithdanng propositions and opinions already condemned ty -the fether His grace could not approve such unwholesome Lucubrations Tuat is what they write ine But I will relate vour adventure to mon«eignenr, t will pp>ve to him hat Lilitli exists md that I do not dream " I ieggea SI Safrac Jto listen to me another ieila, mv lather,-save me at part- me; a pmop of uapjrus, tin which are Uaced, •Willi ^nti ihe- the point o£ ol a stylus, characters ehaiacters,,. wluch I call not read Bere is the amulet JI Safrac took fee light sheet *liich is wdfeddaiaand.^iamm»d S. attentively Thi^ i» written Ji a I'er-un lauqu^'e 01 tlie goldenage-Jh^Kud after a. Jnoment ^'itid ylbeirauslated asfollows MK^ <5F D DGH232K OF LmTJT jne so that 1 may 