DEEMING DITTY. DEDICATED TO ALBERT OLIVER ALIAS. BY H. C. C. The prisoner sat in his dungeon cell With a smile of fiendish glee. And he felt like a funnier Max O'Rell With his manuscript on his knee. He swept the world with an epicure's eye To the earliest hours of Time, And said, " I'll confess before I die, "I'm Cock of the Walk in Crime." His Haggard face took a ghoulish glare Of Rudyar (d) delight and pride, And he dipped his pen with a jaunty air as he warbled this gay "aside" — "With its human charm and its breezy grace, "With its classical style, I'm sure, " My Life will atonce take a foremost place "Mid the guns of literature. "From Abel down to the modern babe, " The lies as my own I'll claim, "For this villain's more versatile than Maccabe " In deed and in face and name ; " And here and there the sweet muse I'll woo. " In my autobiographee, "And the reader will revel, who reads it through, ' "In murder and melodea. " I need not pose as a soldier bold, " Who has slaughtered a boat in war; "No Martial Lie'll from my tongue be rolled, " Despite my solicitor. "For I've murdered millions in every clime " In a privately boudoir way, "And I came Scot-free from every crime, " Till a certain Christmas Day. "Twas provincial England that gave me birth, " 'Mid the Hodges I first drew breath, "And I can't restrain my unbounded mirth, " For by Hodges I'm doomed to death : "The chaplain fights with the lawyer man, " And the warder rattles his keys, " But I smile, as only an author can, "Nor sigh for my days of ease. " My days of cigars and gems are o'er, "But the fragrant weed will spread "Round a Rainhill porch and a Windsor door. "When Frederick the GRATE is dead; "The pipe of the plumber is rusted now. "But he's rich when in dawning light, "His dead ma kisses his baby brow "And the ghost walks round at night." The prisoner rose in his dungeon cell "With a smile of fiendish glee — "Ha, ha, 'tis finished, I like it well, "My autobiographee! "Low gals I hate, but the gallows stands "With a welcome arm, I guess — "Tis my book will live in the furthest lands," — Then he signed the screed, F. S. 