Blotting Pad Pars. Arbor Day Passed away None too gay, Yet For each tree Planted we Like to see Wet. But the rain Comes again, We with pain Get Bather riled For each child Weather wild Wet. Poetry Cannot be Writ if we Fays Wet. Fo we sport Verses short, Just a quart* Ette. Don't be vext, Better next Time we hope you may look for if by any chanoe our sanctum keeps dry or there should be a change of such a nature to prevent our repeating our expressions of disgust at the weather for continuing We » t *. # We had a charming experience in Church street, Parramatta, on Saturday night. All the world from all tbe country round parades it from eeven o'olock till ten, as all the world knows. To be in the world we try to go and do likewise, but have often had aome little trouble in getting along. It appears to be the idea of a great many of our young men— and for the mstter of that yonng women too— that the footpaths are made for them to stand on and discuss anything, from the victory of Gladstone to those of the Parramatta Uoies. Footpassengers have been deemed amply provided for by the roftdway, or if they will stick to the asphalt have had to danoe the last figure of the lancers —an eternal grand chain —from the Fountain to the river. We have often counted the cost of fordng our way along —but hare always found it too heavy. But on Saturday a stalwart member of " the fooroe was told off to keep the way clear. And he did it 1 Politely—"Old Blooming Pollteful" oould not have beaten bim—hat he did it. And H was nuts of tbe largest variety—cocoanuts in faot—to us to follow im the wake of the arm of the law, and for onee enjoy a walk that In its way is a walk well wortn taking—that down Parramatta s principal street on Saturday evening. • • • It has a character of its own, has Church' street, at ouch times. Residents in the city their Sydney are aware that the people to be o*t in its jtreete in the evening divide themselves topographically as it were with great rigidity. Tboee who frequent the middle part of; the George-street artery differ from those to be fonnd south of tbe cathedral, as much as they do from those wbo promenade to the north of Hunter-street, or from the frequenters of Oxford-street. ParrumatU's promanaders ore not like either, beiag a blend of her own, with sufficient admixture from without to make the orowd of Saturday evening differ from that of any other pert of tbe week. As « study of mankind it is not to be beaten, and as one of womankind—But thai is a thing we never study and in foot we don't wint to study aoy thing to-day. This is getting too prosaio and serious, and goodness knows we have oo desire toproee. .. e • s The members for Central Cumberland are on the wazpath, and no miftake. Fsnoy, all fou' on the job at once, and all four demanding oulveria,*tc., for all parts of ths electorate. Tbey were»t it on Wednesday, mad the preternatural ivity-d |he last few weeks appeals to have a atill further improved span, tilt people of Stottverdnt iam are .asking whether this msens anything. Aj«f that sort of thing evsr ^•ntLanything bnt-a laudable and dfiuite* tpM'J&mn; io do theirdoty to their oonsti- • £itats. 4* quite traa t ^ come people:will' «tti*Coaneotiqg4tfa srith' tbe nenflrtential 4 ihallieagoei roundwmoagithe Oppoeition t JM8&B;* t* the «?eat that ««tUnii>ed effort ia to be made to foroe a dissolution before Christmas. As if It were at all likely the Beidites would venture oo such a move, or have tbe ghost of a chance of sucoess jn it. Now-a- j <iftys, Parliaments do cot believe in tbe "happy dispatch''—not even of business. • • • Tbe New South Wsles lacrosse boys woo their first match against A11-Queensland on Satarday by six goals to Ave. Evidently a well-contested match, and one that is creditable to our team. Good as its players are there are many quite as good who could not go, and if tbe match had been played in Sydney the local team would have been stronger. As it appears, bowever, it is strong enough. Three country matches bave to be played during tbe week, and a return match against Queensland as a whole on Saturday next. There are two players from our district — Lord and Epps, both of Granville's senior club, the Mohicans. Harry Lord is one of the best all- ronnd players in Australia, nnd Epps has merits of his own. As a raconteur be appropriates the macaroons, and we long to hear his acoounts of his interview with the'Governor and the "Norman push." Between ourselves, we are expecting two or three pars from him for the Pad. Very wisely those proposing to deal with the funds collected for the Granville Cottage Hospital have decided not to act hurriedly. The meeting which assembled last wefk was not a large one, nor could it in any way be called representative. There are those who say that it is only those who donated wbo should h&ve; voice io tbe matter, but this in itself is pretty comprehensive. Some gave money and some gave other Assistance, and ever so little of either must give some voice in the matter of tbe disposal of funds. As yet no one seems to raise any objection to Ur. Gee's new proposal, but to hurry matters would be to oourt it. For six and twenty yean, old friend, You've made us sol your debtors ; To conic aectiona brought some on From alphabetic letters; And now your scholar* buld their own Among those once their betters, Ton, like your passed ones, break away From your sohoUitic fetters. No for you the class-room work, Week after week, diurnal; o more the din of schoolboy tongues, Cacophany infernal; A critic now of otb< You rench a rest supernal, But leave us in your debt—a debt We know to be eternal. Wbat boys and girls you've raised from rank Of simple goose and gander I What pranks and tricks they played meanwhile And could not raise your dander ! Though to the foibles of tbeir youth You ne'er were found to pander- How many of us recollect Your forcible " two*hander!" As boys into our heads you crammed The various forms of learning, Aud often ou our other parts Conferred sensations Darning: Now that we in thn world outside Our daily bread are earning. We think of school and schoolboy days With thoughts akin to yearning. Though now as men we eount you friend, Ana feel all loth to lose you, Not one your well-earned post of ease Would have grim fate refute you. Wise are the rulers of voar craft, Wbo from so many chooae you, uk a woos you ! All that la kindly clings through you Around the name of teacher— Advice, reproof, and reprimand Have maide yon truest preacher- Fond io our memory long shall dwell Each well-remembered feature Of him who loved, and won the love Of every fellow creature. Of all the good things of the eurth May ue'or a oae e'er fail ye ; Of nil the troubles man may know May ne'er a one e'er ail ye ; But may all blessed balmy gales Blow still upon you gaily, And long preserve our early friend And kindly comrade Baillie ! To say jn stereotyped fashion that the town will sustain a loss through the promotion of Superior 8chool Head Teacher millie to tbe rank of Iuspector would be to And this is a newsptper, and consequently must contain news. Nothing that could be said in print would add to tbe intensity of the feeliog all the best of Parramatta'e people have in tl matter. To have spent over a quarter of century in preparing the coming race for lifi work is to bave done much for good or ill to tbe country "wbirh country we aru." Thou* Binds of future citizens have passed through the hande of one mnn, and have been moulded by his influenco. One cm hardly imagine mure reeponstbln position. And to have como through it with eo satisfactory a record as that which attaches to the name of J. W. E. Baillio is to have done a great work. He will no employed in the work of seeing that others carry on the same work as it should be done If he can by any means osnse them to follow in his own footHeps, and become as useful as 1 has been in the past, hii own future will be continuation of that past, and worthy of bim. Joy reigns in Harris Park, and there is sound of revelry on May's Bill. The fiat has gone forth that they are to have & botiby—i half a bobby, since it is not quite clear whether one man is not to have control of a beat extend, log from the Bosehill Racecourse to the Domain. It is tbe long ohain of hills which environs ParramatU on the west and south that ia to be looked after, anyhow, and this tribute to its importance is duly appreciated. A deputation waited on a civic magnate, residing range, the other evening, and asked him to arrange for something for tbe policeman to do, since no district in the county has hitherto been so free from crime and offences. But he soc showed that there were all the materials for first-class assault oase present at the time, end tbe deputation withdrew. • • e As a matter of fact there is one really reason for polioe protection for part of the district referred to. For some time past residents at the east end of the bill have complained of the disgusting conduct of some larrikins who iofest it. Parents are asserting that they will not aend tbeir ohildren to school unles* something is done, end it is ratber too bad that gross indecency should be tolerated on the boundary of two mn&icipalitief; like Parramatta and Gran ville. The subjtot is oue that cannot be written freely upon, but the new constable may rely upon it that there will be work for him in ooe corner of his vineyard at any rate. The vagaries of the intelligent compositor have often been commented on, but those of his literary confreres are frequently quite as peculiar. A Sydney paper the other day published on account of a meeting in Auburn, sent apparently by wire by a correspondent. A.t the end of the message the said correspondent appended a couple of words which meant that as is usual the said committee should , ( have( power to add to its number." The •rtist who prepared the message for the press in Sydney has peculiar ideas of his owo, now< ever, and after tbe names of Messrs. Smith, Brown, Jones, Bobinson and others, then appear those of Sir, Power and Ur. Numbertwo gentlemen whose residence in Auburn we ware Ignorant of; and we know a great deal about Auburn too, Tliere is a rather small member of Soelety tedding In—well, never mind the name of the plaoe. It is in Central Comberland, anyhow— who has a tall and stout wife. Host small men bave, by the way, they tell us—but that, as ftndyord Kipling would say, is another etory. This am ill msn,by some law of oootradictions; Iwk beoome Imbued with a belief ia woman hood-fcuffrage,and joined the League. But be cannot get his stalwart apoose to enthuse about the matter at all. "Lor, what im matterP'^ she will say. "I've got all he rights I waa't, and if I wantfed ojr jaore —•—, M The pause ii emphatic on and on the other evening and would not be gainsaid. Bis desire was to get Hrs. S. to oin the League and address & meetiog on the subject. At last she roBe, and with the first attempt at sarcasm ever heard from her aaid, " If I did join, and we did get the franchise, and T stood for Parliament, how do vou think I could answer an eleotor wbo asked me if I thought anyone who had married you had sense enongh to make laws for tbe nation P" Sir George Bibbs is on the water again, having sailed by the Uaripoca from *Frieco. And tbey are getting ready in Sydney for tbe welcome ceremonies There will then be a cessation of the advertising caricatures with him aa their hero. He is being shown in all ways on tbe hoardings just now—as proving the excellency of What'sernamebury watohes, and of Peach's soap, while an enterprising goldsmith shows bim as coming to tbe well-known shop to see his K.O.M..G. insignia tested in order to make sure it is eighteen carat. A few (Booths ago it was Parkes in all these pictures—now it is Dibbs— by-and-by it will be—P Well, we shall see what we shftll ete. 