They put on their hate again and pulled them down with an emphatic gesture as though they meant they should stay there. They stripped the priest's gown and vestments from the body of the dead. and when he lay disrobed one of them kioked him, But the man who had brought thise contempt on the dead had gone away and no one followed him, but all sorrowed for him, CHAPTER XVIII THE OLUTION,. Mr. Burdick did not roach Naples, as he had ex pocted to do, on the morning after he had an. nounced to his wife his auddenly.formed intention of making a second visit to that city. On leaving the two ladies he had found a large foreign mail for him, just sent to him for his bankers, and some of it required immediate attention. It was late on the eveniu?r of the sooecond day following that he reaohed the Grand IIotel--too late to do anything but go to bed. In the morning, after breakfasting, he started out to see the American consul. His course lay through the beautiful gardens of the Villa Nazionale,the pleasure grounds of Naples, lying along the curving bay, lie could hardly explain to himself why he should be here, His coming seemed to him now almost an un. accountable impulse. There was nothing to justify it but a girl's fancy, But then that fancy had been so strong, and held with such tenacity, that he really wavered in his own conviction as to her illusion. He felt as though he must satisfy himself again, and there was but one way. That was through the Swedish consul at Naples, to whom the affair had been entrusted. But now that lhe was away from the glamour of Clara Mowbray's per. sietence in her own faith, lie was saying to himself that his visit could have but one result-a certifi. cate of some kind from the consul as to the un. doubted fact of Mr. Dormsen's death, That might help to produce conviction in her mind, He was walking briskly along after his habit whether bent on pleasure or business, and had reached that loveliest spot of the embowerod gardens where stands the little temple to Virgil, His eyes were bent on the ground, The Virgilisn temple would have had no attractions for him in his least preoccupied moods. Now it was as nothing to him. The gardens are usually deserted in the forenoons, but he heard a footstep before him, and lifted his head. Christopher Dormsoen or Christopher Dormson's ghost was not ten pacea away and walking rapidly towards him, an ex pression of surprised but earnest greeting on his face. MIr. Burdick stopped, paralysed,and received Dormson with no expression but one of unbounded amazement. Hie held out his hand mechanically to the young man's grasp, and was conscious of I a sensation of relief, when he felt a strong pres. sure from a real hand of bone and muscle, Dorm son spoke first. " It is so great a pleasure to see you ! " " How--hole did you-come back i " murmured SMr. Burdiok. It was stupifying, "I came back the day before yesterday. I came at once as soon as I knew," his voioe falling as he said the last sentence, " Yes-I dare say. I would-if I had been in your place-and could,. But how did you do it " "They telegraphed me from Norway, from Christiana, They did not know where I was at first and they made the same mistake in my name." Oh I They-didn't, know where you whore! I think I could have told them." "Oh, no, Mr. Burdiok, I was at fault. I did not write to you, as I promised. But it was a hard struggle for me to try and forget her, and I waited. So you could not know whore I was." "Well-perhaps not, but I could have made a good guess, I shouldn't have thought of sending you a telegram though. I-I did't know there was a line." " And 1 have heard of all your kindness, Mr,Bur. dick, and of all the pains MIr. Thorndon took, and I thank you both-I thank you both I " " Oh, you heard of all that,'did you ? . Did you Shear it where you were, or since-since you came I back?" "Since I came back, of course, I heard it here," "From whom, please." " From my consul," ". "Let's go and see him," Ho had kept hold of Dormsen's hand during their 5 dialogue and kept srueesing it, as though to assure himself continuously that it was genuine. Now She dropped it and took the other's arm and turned I him round, He kept hold of the arm as they walked t along, but the dazed look did not leave his face. "I regretted," said Dormeen, "that I could 1 not stop in Rome on my way through to see you and thank you, but I intended to go there from hero," "Oh; you came back through Rome, did your -and did you-did you go through Rome, too ?" "Certainly I You must, if you go all the way by rail." Mr, Burdick glanced at him sideways as they t walked on, and presently he said, with a profound sigh, "Well, I am learning something any way." " But why did you come to Naples so soon, Mr, Burdick i " 1 "Why, I came-to see you.' SDormsen looked surprised, "How did you know I was avrqs' e 4" Well, I left you here, and 1" oWery reason to suppose you would stay-for a wante," "You left me here, Mr, Burdiok I That is strange I did not meet you here." S"N-n.no, not exactly. I suppose it would be Smore correct to say that I met you, but not, perhaps, that you met me." "a You speak in riddles, Mr. Burdick." " Well I I'll be hanged if I am any more of a d riddle than you are, Dormon I Look here I " He , topped short as he spokeand faced the young man, p gazing into his eyes, and, while not letting go of a his arm, gently felt along it until he reached the Shand, which he prasped convulsively. " Look here, d Dormeen I I can't wait till we get to the consul's, o I left you in your coffin here in Naples last r. Monday. Just tell me, won't you, right off and d plainly, how you got out?" e Dormson returned the gasa in silence a moment, a and the look of astonishment gradually faded t away, leaving only thelgns of his sorrow. " Ah Sno, Mr. Burdiek i I think I begin tounderstand. s You thought I was dead, killed by that wretch. hut no, It was my brother," "Your brother I . "Yes, my brother Tyndal, He died for me, f Marconti, too, thought he was I, and he killed him, o the best brother I-the dearest brother I Ah God I" i Mr, Burdiok dropped the hand he had been press. s ing, but he koet his eyes still on the other's face. a "Why didn't you tell as you had a brother 1" he 's asked finally, 1- "Did I not? I surely did, WYe had been in Rome r tog ether before yos all came, but he left me, He at hA eu i all he wished to see in Rome and came e, hi?r a',,l he wont to Siclly and then came baLck It herb. I.e lovyd the beauty here "-and then in a Sl, r v ; ce--"n and his great love for it brought his, !i. death." S "\'i., he like yeou . Did he resemble you 1" "V .s. it was wonderful, everyone said." d "1 ~hould say it was,wonderful I" was Mr. Bur. e dick's comnment, u I never saw anything equal y toeit" n "And you thought it was I, the whole time I re Ahi but my brother was worthy of your care, id worthier thanI. Ioan never forget that you did or not lot him die in that place-that his eyes csaw the st sunlight once more. IIds loved the sunlight. ie of loved all brightuess and beauty. Oh, it should ih barobcoun I. It Was meant for me." al Thank God it was not l was Mr. Burdiok's ejaoulation in h:s own breast. but he answered, nt " \oWe should have done the same, Thorndon and I, ly even if we hadl known. I am glad we could do to anything for the poor fecllo', but I am very glad it b's was nnt you. I can hardly believe it yet, though. to It's the most extralordinary thing I ever heard of. ad By the way, let me look at your left band, will m you ilormsen ? " se Dormson hold it out. Every joint was intact. he "It may seem strange to you," said Mr. lIurdick, ht "butthisisthe first moment I could say I am eh, convinced thatyou are not a dead man." re, " Yon mean, do you not, that my brother had ul losts finger ? Yes, it was orushed in olimbing as manuoy years ago, when we were boys." Id " Let us go back to tile gardens," said Mr. Bur. nd dtick, I don't want to see the consul now ;" and ,re astheyturned and walked on he added, "Give mea ho womn hlereafter for keen sight and fidelity. Clara lad Mowbtay would not believe you were iead, She lo delarcl she ihad seen you in Rome, Did you atop he inlloce 5" he "Only for a short time to see the minister from en Swein, And--and Miss Mowbray. 51Se is well1" " IT 1our d1rl-fgetting well. But she has had "Missa loiwbray, MIr. Burdick I Has she bees, d, Sick I She nearly died, Roman fever-brouighl on on by aictyh about yaou." k l 011, no, h?r. Iluirdlicek. You do her wrong." Io " NOt \hit ot it. I knows just whet I unis talking ng about. W'it e triisiisph this will he for her. iut si, M rR.l hudllick I Sh'll nsvner foegiye mie, I here modo Putherlc foot in it badly." lie cunckled at a littie Wh iiself r e the thought of tes surprisi ul. hj haj \5 lirt and tithe sornful radeations on bhs atutenets with whIoh she would take out a revenge upon him, " However," ho went on, "yt don't understand all this at present, but you wl some day. It in a long story. Yes, Clara Mowhra had been a good deal troubled by her enforced e gagemoent to Thorndon. You didn't understa that either Dormsen, but she was virtually made do it by her father, hard-hearted old mise But I've got a good big pill for him swallow yet. She didn't care for Thornd in that way, though Thorndon was a go fellow, Dormsen, at heart, He camo out stro at-at Capri. But she didn't conare for him. Th never could have hit it off together-not made be mated, you know, and its broken off altogether " Broken off, Mr. Burdick I You mean they notto be married! " "Oh, bless you, noI Heo has gone away won't come back-now, I'm sure," "And Miss Mowbray. About her sickness ?" "Oh, yes. Well, as I was saying that engage. ment nearly broke her heart, Bunt when she heard that Mareonti-hby the way, have they heard any. thing of that double-dyed villain yet ? " "Yes, ho has suffered for his crime, lie is dead." "Marcontil Arc you srorP" "Very sure. I saw him, It is another dreadful story. It was yesterday-" " Yesterday I And you say he has already suffered for his crime. In one day I Oh, give him time, Dormsen, give him time. He is only feeling the thinnest edge of an infinitely long wedge of suffering, Give him time I" "It was last evening," continued Dornen. "He had gone back to Capri to see his victim ind death, perhaps to gloat over his sufferings. We do not know. We can never know now, He was disguised in a priest's dress, I, too,went to Capri to spend a few hours-to be near to the spot where amy brother died-to thank all those who were so kind. In the evening, for it was moonlight, I walked once more up to the height over the place where he was left to die, and I .went as far as I could on the way he went when Marconti took him to his death, and when I came to the little gate- you know it f-Yea t-a man, a priest I thought him then, was standing near it, Ho turned when I came near. He saw my face in the moonlight. I can imagine what he thought. Hie staggered against the gate. The lock was broken, and he feoll through, and down-down I It was frightful I" "Peter Bardlok," said that gentleman, apootro. phising himself--" Peter Burdick, if you had, over 1 done anything in your life but break the look on that gate, you ought to be satisfied I" "Then it was your hand Mr. Burdiok, that avenged my brother's death ?" " No," was the answer, with unusual solemnity, for him, "It was the hand of God. Nothing else could have led him back to that spot. IIoe died by I the very law of nature he had outraged. It was better than to have to use the rope of his ladder ; more of whatthey call' poetic justice' in it." lie added after a pause-" And that's the end of Marconti." Nothing was said for a few moments as they walked on among the feathery palms and almost tropical luxuriance of the gardens, Eacoh had his own absorbing thoughts, but they tended to the same end, and, when Burdiok spoke, he answered he question on the other's lips, "But Mies Clara,-I was forgetting, She read that scoundrel better than most of us--btter than I did perhaps. She felt instinctively there was danger for you where he was. lie learned from her that you had come here, and had the impudence to tell her that he was coming to find you, and make peace with you. Her anxiety, coming on all the rest, was too much for her. Sice gave way at once,and the next morning she was down, and far down, too, I can tell you. But she pulled through, and is all right again. Two days ago ello went out for her first drive, and vowed she saw you pane through the Piazza di Spagna, Did you 1" "Yes, but I did not see her." "' No, but it was quite enough for her that she saw you. A girl who loves a man as she loves you Dormsen, ought to make him happy." "hh I If I dared to believe it I" "Just take it on faith, Take my word for It just now, sines you have nothing better. It's good-natured in you not to say that it's none of my business. About everyone else has, But I don't oare. I don't care. I got into the muddle and I'm going to see it through. Then I'll go back to America, Europe don't suit me. It's too old-fashioned." " I like your fashion, Mr. Burdick." "Oh, do you ? Well, I'll return the commpliment. If they were all like you, I'd think hbetter of it, Understand I I don'tsay the United States are an unalloyed Paradise by any means. There are just as many snakes in that garden as there are hero, only they're not so cold-blooded; they make it livelier for you, Now there's Mowbray. lie'd have made just as much by not deceiving me. I wish I hadn't got his daughter to look after, and I'd lead him a fine dance, I've kept him in hot water for some time, but I've got to lot up on him soon. lie's got to beg bard, though, and I'll dictate my terms, That' 1 be some satisfaction." ' I do not quite underetand all this,Mr,Burdick." "No, I know you don't. I beg your pardon, but I was talking to myself, Now, when are you going to Rome ?" "I did expect to go to.morrow to see you and aMr. Thorndon, From there I go at once to Norway, I have much to do," " Exactly I Couldn't you do it all just as well if you should see Miss Clara in Rome instead of .Thorndon i He's gone, you know." "I will see Miss Mowbray." "tOf ourse you will. I know you would. And I'll wait and go back with you, I want to see Mrs. Burdiok, when I bring you in. I know what Clara will do, but I can't calculate on Mrs, AIurdiok." 