SIORYCOLUffl. A LIFE FOR A LOVE /A Story of To-day. By lt. T. Author of "Scamp and I," "Casllo Mary," .- " Beforehand, ' ' "Daddy's Boy, " &o.; Atli QOBBNaLAND Riouxs Resedved. CHAPTER XII.— (Continued.) A. few days after i, this, as Helps was' takipgi'hLs comforthhle (-breakfast, cooked topperfeotion by Cherry's willing hands, he-raised his eyes suddonly, looked across at his daughter Esther, and made a remark. 'I'm told poor young. madam is in no end of a taking.' ' What young madam, father V ' Mrs. Wyndhqm. Xho nurse is going and the child i-hus got whooping oough.: He's had, too, poor little 'un, and frets about the nurse like anything. My master's; in a way, too ; he's wrapped up in that little laa. It was he told, me; he said perhaps you'd know of a nurse as- would suit, Esther.' ' Dcm't stare so, Cherry,' said Esther.'- 1 Anybody would think father was talking of ghosts, to see the. bigness of your eysa. "Well, father, yes, III think about, a nurse. I'm sorry the child is ill.' 'Don't you go and get a-nursefrom, the slums, ' retorted Cherry. "You're all slums, you are. My word, I am having a time sinoe that new lodger took possession.' Here 'Cherry pansed to pour froBh water into tho teapot. Esther and her'; father exchanged frightened glances. ; 'Brother Jerome, indeed!' proceeded, this energetic young person. <He!sja- mighty tfrtoaBy sort of Brother Jerome.- His good deeds don't seem to quieten' hiid, anyway.; And why doeB he always keep a hat stuok on his head, and never raish it when he pusses me on the stairs. I know I'm broad and I'm stout, and I've no looks toboastof, bat it's meant for. men - to raise their hats to womon, and I.don't see why he shouldn't. Then at nightlihe walks the -boards overhead fit to work" on anybody's nerves. I don't reoite half so dramatic as<I did, heoause I can't get my sleep unbroken.' 'Tour tongue ain't stopped, anyway,' said her wnole, almost erosdy. " Esther, you'll think about the nurse for yyoung madam.' He- rose and left thai room. Esther t sat still ua Jilittle longer. She ' heard Cherry rattling ' the plates in the kitohen. Presently she got up, put on her bonnet and cloak, called good-bye to her cousin, and went out. : There ooul|d Boaroely be a better Sister of the Poor than Esther Helps. She was near enough .to them socially to Understand their sorrows. She had never known starva tion, hat she could take in what tiny means meant. Their mode of speeoh was comprehensible >to her. She wub suffi ciently nnfostidious to go into their dirty roomB, to witness their uncouth, semi- savage ways without repulsion. She liked- theHfe, it suited her, and she.it. She was i tho kind of womon to be popular asm dis trict visitor. She had abundance of both, sympathy and taot. "When her sym- .patMes were aronsed, her manners could he affectionate. In addition she had a very lovely face. The poor of EaBt Lon don adore beauty. J-t comes so rarely near them in any case that they look upon -it as an., inestimable treasure. The women and children liked to wateh Esther whqn she talked, and when ske smiled. The men treated her with the respect due ton regal presence. Esther went down as usual to her mis sion work to-day. Sister Josephine, the head of this branch of work, greeted the handsome girl with a smile when she came in, drew her aside, and spoke to her about a particularly difficult undertaking which was soon to-be commenced. This under taking would require the utmost taot and talent; tho sister asked Esther if she would he willing to become the head of the movement. 'I don't know -anyone more suitable,' ahe said in conclusion. 'Only if you come yon mast consent to sloop, away from homo. Some of our work — our prinoipal work— will take place at night.' Esther's- clear ivory tinted skin became a shade ipaler. She looked full at tho' .sister with troubled bnt unshrinking eyes. ' Yon<do mom great -honour,' she said. , ' But Xomiafraid I mhst decline it. At ? resent 'I cannot sleep- away from home, t'is'also possible — yes, itisquitepoBsible that I may have to give up the work altogether for a time.' ; ' Esther, are yon putting your hand to tho plough- and looking fcaok ?' 'I dontt knciw,: Sister. Josephine. Per-- haMlam.' The sister laid her hand«olemnlyon the- girltoarm. ' Esther, if you love anyone better than- God, you have no right tooome here,' she said. Then she turned away and walked .sorrowfqlly down the long mission room. She was disappointed in Esther Helps, and though Esther's own heart never faltered, she felt a. sharp -pang pierce.it. That night she came home late. ' Has Brother Jerome oome in ?' Bhe asked Cherry. 'No. How you do fash about that man ! His supper's waiting for him, .and- I saw to his fire. Now I'm- going to- bed.. I'm dead tired.' 'Do, Cherry. I'll sit up for Brother Jerome.' 'Ask him, for goodness sake, not to msroh the boards so frequent. He'll 'hate my gray hairs to aooount for. .He's pioked up a cough, too, and be tween the oreaking of the boards, and the coughing, I have nice nights lately.' ' Yon Btuay too much, Cherry, or you wouldn't mfnd such little noises. Nowi go to bed, dear. I'll give Brother! Jerome a hint.' ' Good night, Esther. Dhole's been in bed an hour . or more. I hope that brother of-tho'.; Bfcqns won't keep you< 46.'. i Ch?rry ran upstairs, and Esthor wenu : into the bright. warm'Httle kitohen. She left the door wide open, and then she Bat and waited. ' t Tho substance of Sister Josophino'S: words rang in her ears. > ' If you love another better than God, you have no right to come here.' : Did she lovo anothor better. than God? No, no, impossible. A man had influ enced lier life, and heoause of his influ-. enoe slio had given herself up, soul and body, to God's service. How could- she - love the man-best ? - Hohad.onlypointed to the higher way. rThen she heard Mb sten outside hid Iqtoh-kev in the door,, andTslfoTfelt hefflqlf troihblo. jHo went straight upstairs, never tgjaacing in the direction of the kitohfrj. As he wont he coughed, and his oough sounded hollow. His 'figure, never remarkably upright; was-muoh bent. Esther waited a few minutes'; theq, her heart going - pit-a-pat, she orept very Boftly upatairs, passed her own room;and Cherrjr's, and knooked at iWdhapUi door. ' Hecameondopened.it. ' Can I speak with you, brother ?' ' Certainly. Come in, Esther.' The attic had been converted -intqia wonderfully snng apai'tment. The bed and washing apparatus were curtained off, and the part 'of'-the room which.snr - .rounded the earth revealed a -bright, fire, a, little table on which a tompting cold \- supper was spread,- and a-deep -easy-chair, j ' Sit down, brother, ' said Esther, iand: eat. Let me help you. Leap. talk, while1 you eat your supp.er.. Are- you very (tired . to-night? Yes,. I am afraid you/jard rdreadfully tired.' .'j "' I am always tired, Esther. 'Thbf, ia :in the condition of -things.' He san':l'haok into his chair as if he were too (weary, toikeep ont of.it. Then,' with a flash eiithe old Gerald "Wyndham tin his eyes .and manner, he sprang -up. . ' I was forgetting mysqlf. "Willyyon .. sit here"? ' "What do you take me.ifor; "Mr.— Brother Jerome, -I -mean. I have -comd £ up.here-toseaydou eat, -to see -you..rea$, landto — to talk.to you.' i ''Esther, I have -no /words te,thapky on, 'You-are, yp s, you are, : the noblest twoman I know-' She fluahedall.overcher.-eyesiBhone.. And isn't' that; thanks for ever and .-ever?' she sid, -.in a voice in whioh passion trembled. Wyndham did not notice. He- had taken off his Bat, and Cherry's good, sap per stood by his side. He ate a -'little, then pat down, his knife and fork. ' Ain't you hungry, sir"? ' No. At first; when I oome there, I was so starved that I never could -eat onough. Now I am the other way,>oaot hungry at all.' ' And; sir, you-have.got a cough.' Yes. I-Bad a very bad watting Last week, and a cough is. the result. Strange. I baa so. oough when. I slept-iouti-of : doors.' ' Mr. Wynd— Brother Jerome, I> mean, yon wouldn't go. baok to that old' .life ? . Say you .wouldn't gotback.' The almost anguish in her-voice-penc- trated for the first time to' Wyndham'a > ear. He gave her aAtnrtled glanee, then said with warmth-: — ' Esther, you and your father have been igood Samaritans- to me ; as long as: it. is safe I will stay with you.' 'It shall and must be safe. Who would look for yon here, of all plac.es, when they think yon are buried under the waves of the sea ?' '' That is true. I expect it is perfectly safe for me- to stay.' He lay back. in his chair, and gazed into the fire; he. had almost forgotten Esther's presence. 'And you likd it— you feel happier Bince you como ?' she asked, presentiy,-. in a timid voice. ' What did yott say !' 'Mr. Wyndham,' the forbidden: name oame out with a burst, ' do tell poor Esther Helps that your are happierisinoe . she found you.' She had fallen, on her -knees, the tears were streaming from her eyes/;. she-held ont her hands to him. 'Oh,' she said, ' 'I would -.give my'life for yours.' In a moment Wyndham's dreamy atti tude loft him!; he sprang to his feet all alive and keen and watchful. He was the old Wyndham.; Ms eyes were full of pity, which made his .-whole face- radiant. ' Hush,' he sftid. ' Get up. Don't say any more. Not another word— not a syllable. Yon forgot yonrself. Esther, I saved you once — I muBt save yonragain. Sit there, yes there. Lam quite strong. I must tell you the truth. Esther, I said j ust now thpt you were the nobleBt woman I know- You must-go-on being nohle. I will stay here on that condition." ' ' Ob, sir, will you ?' Poor Esther would have liked to shrink through the very hoards. 'Will yon forgive -me, air?' ' Hushq don't talk about forgiveness. There is nothing to forgive. Esther, I will Bhow you how muoh I trust you. I will talk to you about my wife. I- will toll you a little of my stony ; I meamthe part I can toHwithout implicating others;' to : be-.contintod to-momiow. 