TURF JOTTINGS. Mr. S. Hordern's b f by G61dsbroui?h— Happy Thought has been named 'Merry Belle.' At Independence (Iowa), a pacer named Flying Jib trotted three heati m 2min lOaeo, 2min lOseo, and 2min 7seo. The tracke at Fleinington are repotted to be In a very bad state, and trainers talk of taking their charges elsewhere. The latest arrivals at Flemington are Quality, Joricbo, Garfish, and the steeple Duoser Confidence, all from Adelaide. Onyx, the dam of Nordenfcldt, has been mated with Cuirassier.' Last season the famous matron missed to Hotchkiss. The yearlings at Wellington Park, N.Z., ue progressing favorably. Tho gale will take place, as usual, during tho firit week in January. James Ash worth, tho clerk of the course, who had his thigh broken at Warwiok Farm, is progressing favorably at Prince Alfred Hospital. Mr. H. A. Thompson reports the sale of Terombone, by Welcome Jciok (N.Z.) from Nelgowrie, by Fireworks from Nathalie, (or station purposes. Oxide, Soprano and Glowworm left for Mel bourne by mail train on Thursday ovoning, and arrived safely at Flomington. Oxida is looking rery well. Mr. I. Earnshaw has got rid of the blaok thoroughbred stallion SedVemoor, a fiveyear old by Monmouth, dam Misfortune, by Ring leader, to a country buyer. Notwithstanding several announcements to the oontrary, the Robinson Crusoe horse, Selkirk, remains at Hosehill in the care of his trainer, W. Miller, and is likoly to remain thoro. Mr. Etty de Mestre was a visitor to the tfoorefiela pony races on Thursday. The veteran racing man, who waa a foremost Sgnro in our raoinp; history for many years, was looking very well, and seems to havs re tained his health. The death was reported laBt week of Enono (the dam of Paris), by Yattendon from Valetta (imp.), by Idle Boy, and waa supposed to have been bitten by a snake. Tho loss is doubled to Mr. H. C. White, of tho Havilah stud, as the mars was in foal to Antteus. Melbourne is now said to be alive with totalisator shops. There is little attempt at leoreay, and business is done very openly. Years ago the southern city was assailed with an outbreak of the ' tote ' business, but it died ont for several years. NewB cornea from Launoeston that Alfred law, trainer and jockoy, of Oatlands, was Bohooling Green Mountain over the hurdles on Saturday, when the mare foil on him, crushing bis ohest. He novor regained consciousness, and died a few hours later. Two thoroughbred yearling fillies and four broodmarosamredinMelboarneonMondayin rood condition. The former, by Exnang — liython, and by Doubloon — My Lena,. aro for blr. S. Hordern, of Sydney, and the mares will po on to Newcastle, being the property of Mr. A. Brown. ' Tattersall'a' sweop filled on tho Caulfield Cup, 50,000. members at 10s each, and the bolder of the ticket representing first horse draws over .£10,000. Tho luoky individual is net down as a cabman, and his name is givon as William Smith, 177- Dnke-stroot, Woolloo mooloo. The Booond prise goes to J. H. Bagster, 127 Boyal Exchange, Adelaide, 8\. A. ; and the third to Miss Wright, care Mrs. Elliott, Little Booker-street, Richmond, Victoria. -The reserved decision in the second case preferred by tho Melbourne police against bookmakers for allowing betting to bs carried on on their licensed premises was delivered on Monday, when R. Phillips and his manager, J. Swallow, were fined, the former .£25, for being the occupier of a shop in which buBinesB ?was conduoted, in default distress or six weeks' imprisonment, and £3 3s costs ; and bia manager £15, for conducting the bet on certain horao races on whioh the present charge was laid, in default one month, und £3 8s costs. The magistrate- refused to name the law points on which the decision waa given. Other cases were then proceeded with, and the defendant; fined in similar sums. These decisions mean that if the police doairo to they can suppress betting curried on in tobacconists' shops. The protest enterod against Morrigal, the winner of the Hurdle Baoe ou tho first day of the V.A.T.C. Spring Mooting, on the ground that his dam was Flirt and not Coquette, has been, withdrawn, the breeder's certificate showing that tho dam waa Coquette, as stated in the nomination papor, having been produced. ?, One of tho most prominent of American raoing authorities says that their jockey 'clubs ought to devote their energies and their ingenuity with activity and zeal towards arranging moro raons in which the best joakeys can ride without reducing their weights so seriously as to impair their strength and damage their hoalth. The Moorefiold Club waa favored with a fine list of entries on Monday for tho horse meeting fixed for the 29th instant. Each of the half-dozen events has filled well, and 13 have found their way into the Hurdle Eape, 10 into tho Tramway Handicap, 20 into the Kogarah Stakes, la into the Moorefield Handicap, 17 into the Auction Stakes, and 31 Into the Stewards' Mile. . James Hoado last week was sentenced to Four years in gaol for his share of the late dis turbance at the Lillio Bridge grounds. Tho Bentenoe is a vory seyero one and should act as a caution to rowdies who think they can ?ut law and order at defiance when tilings don't jnst Btiit them. After this persons of figbtaMatendenoiosiiiay be induced to pause beforo they decide to wade in and indulge Ihcmselvea with the luxury of free-fights on a racecourse. Tho weights for tho divided handicap known as tho Moonee Valley Cup have been Usuodi and Portuaatua has tho post of honor with llBt, the galloway Cherry Girl bringing .UK. tie minimum with Cat 71b. All weighted above 8st lllb: (nearly throo'.four'tl)8''of th« list) will run in one nice, and tho balance in anothor evont, tho latter race hoing desig nated tho Mooneo Valley Purso. All the outside racing clubs fool tbo offoct of the prevailing depression just now. Tbo PlattBburg and Wallsondmoetingon Satnrday Biifforod from this causo, and tho attendanon was poor. Tho weathorwas cool and pleasant, the raoing-, as n wliolo, good, and the startor, Mr. S. Parker, fairly successful. In the Welter and Farowojl Handicaps no third horses were placed, tho judgo boing unable to decide. The roaultB aro givon olsowhoro. A very good two days' mooting came off at Goulburn on Friday and Saturday, the olub's programme boing fairly patroniaod by visitors. Mr. O. E. Warn actod an starter, Mr. A. Ct. Do Lauret ns judje, and MoBsrB. F. Shepherd and S. B. Henderaon us secretaries, aii those gentlemen giving natist'aotion in their rcBpoo tivo positions. There woro sevoral falls in tho Stooploohano, tho ridor of Danby (Stan more) getting badly knocked about. Tho Ghost and Atlantio also came down. A serious accident happened at Eandwick racocourse on Saturday to a jockoy natnod Willis, a lad 1-lyra of ago. Ho was riding a horse at work when, through the animal bolting, bo was thrown against a fence. Willis was quite unconscious when pioked up, and was subsequently found, on admission to St. Vincent's Hospital, to bare sustained a compound fracture of the skull, in addition to a fracture of the right thigh. He was operated upon by Drs. Mullor and ' Soot Skirving, but no hopos wore entertained of his teoovory. Speaking of Tho Hook, an Amorican writer says :— ' I saw an old blaok horse the other day at tbo Santa Anita Kancho, that used to be owned at Bundoora Park, Victoria. He iB called The Hook, being by Fishhook out of Juliet, the Granddam of Goldsbrough and Nordenfeldt. He covered last yodr 11 mares, and lms nine living foals, in addition to one in which mother and foal both died in parturi tion. He is now 21 ynurs old. ThiB year The Hook served 14 mares, among them Bevoral that are old and well proven as dams. His foals are very handsome, sovon of the nine being fillies. The monument over the grave of the late Mr. N. B. D. Bond in tho Melbourne General Cemoterv has now been completed. It is of plain white marble and is simple in design. It bears the inscription — ' N. K. D. Bond, late secretary of the Victoria Amateur Turf Club; Died August 22, 1892, aged 66years. Erected by the club.'1 A peouliar accident happened at Moorefield last Thursday morning. Veronica was given an early gallop, and a chain stretched aoross the track to keep it dosed brought her to earth in rather a serious inannor. The mare Btrtick the chain with her chest and got a nasty shako. Farroll, who was riding her got a heavy fall, but was not seriously hurt. Mr. Wm. Kelso'a recent purchase, Affiance, ia doing really well at Bandwick, and is to go over for the Melbourne Cup. He defeated Honor Bright yesterday in a gallop over a milo and three-quarters, and finished up well in first-olasB time. The son of Clievedon has been backed to win a small stake at 1000'a to 80. St. Albans II. recently gave his many ad mirers a lot of anxiety, but is now doing as woll as oan be wished. Yesterday morning the Gozo horse executed a very nice gallop by himself over a mile and a half, and will pro bably be dispatched by train to Melbourne towards the ond of this week. St. Albans II. will bo fit, all going well, to render his beat effort in the Cup race after all. The Derby colt Attalus is going on satis factorily with his preparation at Bandwick, and will probably undertako the journey to Victoria in a day or two. Yesterday morning ho registered a vory taking gallop over a mile and a half, in which Etheibert and Steeltrap wont down boforo him. Attalus was ridden by Nerriker. The Welcome Jaok oolt i« by no means out of the V.B.C. Derby yot. After tho Caulfiold raoos on Satnrday Mai volio was sent on the courao proper for a mile and three-quarters, assisted by Marco and Corroze. Malvolio went well throughout, making good time for the last mile and a-half, and Correze put in a oreditable performance also. Opinions were divided as to the merits of this gallop, but there is little doubt that both Correze and Malvolio are fairly up to their ears in the Melbourne Cup. Mr. Dan O'Brien paid a visit to Welling ton Park on bis way home, says a New Zealand writer. He tbinfcs Castor has greatly improved since he saw him last, and he was well pleased with Hotohkiaa. Thia season Bubina, dam of Home, goes to Cuirassier, and Moonray, by Apremout — Luna, visits Hotobkiss. Mr. O'Brien will probably settle In Australia next year, but be informed me that he would be in Auckland again at Christmas time for our races and blood stock sales. The Tambo and Blackall raco committees oombine to 'publish tho programmes of the two race meetings, to bo held respectively at Tambo on December 26 and 27, and at Blackall on January 5 and G (saya tho Week). Nomi nations for the Hurdles. December Handicap, Flying Handicap, and Tambo Handicap close on November 17. Nominations for the Hurdles, Separation Handicap, Flying Han dicap, and Blaokall Handicap in connection with the Blackall meeting close on December 15\. The Tambo people givo away .£450, and tho Blackall prizea tot up to nearly .£250. Mr. George Watnon, the starter, fined the whole of the jookeys, with the exception of Gainsford, £5 eaoh in the Caulfield Cup for disobedience at the post. The owners of the horses were very indignant about it, and Mr. J. B. Clark and Mr. S. Q. Cook waited on the stewards, and protested on behalf of the owners against what they considered a most unwarrantable proceeding on tbo part of the starter. The stewards held that ? they were bound Jo support tlioir official. 3Ir. Watson fined the wholo of the starters 'in the last Melbourne Cup, and there is agoneral opinion that as a starter he has outlived his useful ness, and owners would bo. very pleased to see a new man in charge of the nag. Tho first place in the Caulfiold Cup was worth J82000 to the owner of Paris, andMr. J. B. Clarke got .£400 for Camoola's win in tho Cnulfiold Stakes, and .£410 for Autonomy's victory in the Guineas. Fortuiiatus won £700 for Mr. Davis in tho Toorak Handioap, and Mr. J. Turnbull seourod £700 through Light Artillery's win in tho Debutant Stakos. Mr. Sam Cook got a salvo of £700 for Yarran'B Second in tho Cup ,and the third money won by Clonard was £300. Mr. W. Forrester threw in for £125 for tho Maiden Plate won by Caloulus, and there were a good many cheques for £200 and under. Tho trainer of Paris, Wcnganella and Co., James Monagban, arrived yesterday from Melbourne, affairs at homo requiring bis personal attention. He will bo off to Mel bourne again to- morrow, Monagban considers that Paris would hare run far hotter in tho Cauliield Stakes had ha not boon short of a couple of gallops. Furthormore, he asserts that tho flying Bon of Grandmaster did a lot more work during the last week before tho Caulfiold Cup than most people imagine, and executed one or two sterling gallops which soemod to escape tbo notice of tho newspaper touts. Mouagban belioves in giving nis charges plenty of work for a hard race, and does r.ot appreciate tho comments made in the Press onhis modo of working his horses— Paris in particular. The proprietors of the Liverpool track having offered the course to the Sydney Driving Park Club, the postponed meeting of thelatlor will tako placo at Liverpool next Friday, the management being precisely the fame as though the Agricultural Ground was tho scone of action. Thero will not bo any horBO- raoing next Saturday, tho Warwick Farm date being oan called. A very good pony and gallowuy pro gramme will bo put on at Warwiok Farm instead, however, which should be acceptable as a Btop-gap for tho amusement of sporting folks for Saturday afternoon. The Itlawarra meeting on Thursday and Friday last attracted a fair compliment of metropolitan visitors, and also several horses. The visitors quite held their own in tho various events, and tho meeting was a fairly success ful ono, tho Various officials working woll together to seouro the bucooss aohleved; Moorefiold and Eoflootion, trained by E. O'Connor, won a race eaoh, Eialto wbn a raco on each day, and Ataloitty and Blaoklock ?cored each ono win and one second. Paris carried the heaviest weight (Sst 81b) yot borne sucoesif ully in a Caulfield Cup. On Monday some life was infused into the betting at headquarters. For the Derby Camoola hardened until be touched 5 to 4, at which prioo plenty of money was forthcoming. Autonomy was stationary at 7 to 1. Candour advanced a point, and found support to a limited extent at the same prioe as Auto nomy. Calculus receded to 12 to 1, and Cul loden was knocked out. Malvolio was a strong order for the Melbourne Cup, and advanced from 100 to 8 to 8 to 1, the latter price being on offer aftor he had been backed to win nearly £7000. Camoola was a point easier, and was supported to win about £0000. Corroze was backed to win over £7000, leaving off at 100 to 8. Penance, on the other band, declined a point, but still bad admirers who trusted him to tbo oxtentof £8000. Portsea was a step higher thau Satur day, bis price, after being backed for £5000, standing* at 100 to 5. Clonard was on the same mark with the same amount invested in his favor. A frosh candidato in Af&ance; was introduced into tho market, £3000 going on him at 100 to 3. Lord Hopotoun joined tho 100 to 4 division. Sterneliaser, Oxide, Pigeon toe, and Althotas were completely knocked out of the market. Tho latest quotations are given in anothor column. Mr. Alfred Shoarsby, the Bosohill trainer, complains that a pouy has been, entered for the Canterbury Park raoes in bis name. He has nothing to do with the pony in question, knows nothing about it, and naturally objects to his name boing omployed without his know ledge or authority. Mr. Georgo Cutts baa returned from SydDay (says tho N.Z. Befbbee) with Im pulse. The veteran sportsman has been heartily welcomed baok by his numerous Auckland frionds. Impulse landed without a scratch, and has gone to Sylvia Park. Mr. Cutts says tho handicappora over-estimatod tho gelding. Major George arrived also with Tho Workman this week. Tho Australian bandicappors wore severo on tho colt, and I am not surprised that he has been brought baok. Tho colt had a bad passage, but Major George says he thinks ho will be all right shortly. Canterbury Park Eacos on Saturday suf fered from the absonoe of the large number of Bporting mou away in Victoria, but there was a fine dny's sport. The Hurdle Baoe was won comfortably by Broker, after making all tho running, Tactician and Cascade filling the places. Although Cutniuo was sent out at 5 to 1! for tho Flyinfr Handicap, he couldn't appa rently raise a gallop, and tho ovent was won by Letta Lee, who got home from Priory and Nota. Drummer Boy mado all tho running in tho Park Stakes, and then Brown and Gold came below the distance and won easily. The October Handicap, li mile, was won com fortably by Flora, who started at 6 to 4 on. Southerly BuBtor waB severely ridden to win the Soiling Raco from Tommy, getting home by a narrow shave^ and Lord of the Lake wound lip proceedings by winning tho Wolter Handicap with a little in hand. Colonel North, who baa been etayin? at Brugoa for some time, has been waking the good folks up there. Ho gave a sum of £100 co ho run for at Ostond, and.aleo a similar sum for Antwerp. He won a race at Oatond, and made tbo race committee a present of the priie-monoy. -.''.....'? Doblo, the drivor of Nanoy Hanks in her 2min 5iaeo record, says that ho mode a mis take in driving the third quarter too slow. Ho reckons sho can do 2min -tjaoo, and poB sibly 2min 4}seo. Hor half-mile was done in lmin laoc. At tho satno time it must be mon tiosed that many reckon Hal Pointer o»d pro duoe a mile in 2min 2seo. Tha death of Volloy was reported from Kirkham last week. She was by Musket (imp.) from Lady Vivian (imp.), by Strath conan from Lady Augusta, by Stookivoll, 4o. When two years old she won the V.B.O. Ascot Valo Stakes, 0 furlongs, with 8at 711), in lmin lSlsoo; the V.E.C. Siros' Produce Stakes, C furlongs, with 8it 71b, in lmin lSJseo; the Hawkesbury Claret Stakes, 6 furlongs, with Sst 101b, in lmin 2Jseo j the A.J.C. Champagne Stakes, 0 furlongs, with Bat 41b, lmin 17Sseo; tho A.J.C. First Foal Stakos, G furlongs, with 9at lib, in lmin 16-Jsco ; and when a vear older appropriated the Caulfiold GuinonB, 1 mile, with. Sst, in lmin 4Saoo j tho V.E.C. St. Lager, If mile and 132yds, with 8at 71b, in 3min 15Jseo. Her sovon victories amounted to oror £5000 in stakoB. Sho was in foal to Chaster, whioh makes tho loss moro severe. Mr. Eiohard Ten Broeok was possessed of bis natural shrewdness to almost tha last moment of his existonco, as his published will attests. Tho jury ompanellod by tho Coroner agreed that ho died from natural oauses ; strychnine will naturally cause a man's death with as muoh cortainty as any other of nature's alkaloids. Of this fact Mr. Ten Brock was thoroughly acquainted. Odo is given to understand by this that tho famous old turfman committed euicido by taking Btryohnine, but if he did so he must have taken small doses and killed himself gradually, for he was found lying on bis bod with his hands folded peacefully on his breast. Had Mr. Ten Broeck taken a largo doao his doath would havo been a painful ono, and his limbs would have been drawn up. '? Jay-Eye-Soo lias now a reco*d of 2min 8J seo at the pacing gait, and one of 2min IO300 at tho trot; beiug the fastest double-gaitod horse- in the world. The nearest approach to Jay-Eye-Soo in this rospeot is Direct, who lias a pacing record of 2min Gsoc. and a trot ting record of 2min 184sec. Jay-Eyo-Seo is a black galdiug-, 14 years old, by Diotator, dam Midnight, by Pilot Jr. 12, and made bifi pacing record last Saturday at Washington Park, Chicago, against the watch. Ho went to the quartor in 32^bco, to the half in lmin 4Jsoo, tbreo- qnarterB in lmin 39isoo, and tho mile in 2min 8Jseo. This makes tho last half in lmin 4seo flat. Besides boing the fastest double-gaitcd animal in the world, JayEyo Seo holds the record for trotting geldings, 2min lOsoa. 