fnfeller. Indian Ghost Charms. The dread of ghosts Sa common to all the aboriginal races of India, from whom it has been very generally adopted by their Aryan eonqnerors, and even by the lower classes of Mohammedans. All ghosts are believed to be znisobievonB, and soma of them bitterly malicious, and the only way to oppose their rancor ia to build shrines for them, ond to mate them offer ings of a fowl, a pig, or, on grand oooaaions of a boffalo. Any severe illness, and naor« atpeoially any epidemia disease, Midi at > small>pdx or cholera,is attributed to thi malignancvof these *pirita, whornnsttk .propitiated accordingly. The- man-tiger is, parhapa, the most dreaded ofall.these demon ghosts ; for whena tigerhis killede man, the tiger is sj^osed to be safe from harm, aathe spirit of the man; ridesnpon his head, and keeps himdetrofdanger. Accordingly, it |s believed that the fnljr sow nHJde of deatroyingfltigerwbofcas many^geople It to brgin by m^tog of their valnable eervioea. .: ghofitB moat easily propitiated are. those who iiave met a violent or ontffiiely . death, whether, by design or accident, in> oinding poison and disease. Even women who die in ebildbirth or wretches %ho.: u(>^ hanged for their primes are believed tohave the same powers of cansingtheir evil toihe living as those who iare 'been killedby tigers, or by Hghtning, or by any other violentcanse..; AU these deified *piritfl are often distinguished by some term denoting the manner of their deatbj thus, the gost o! a mankilled by 'lightning. Is .oalled the " Lightning Ghost," that of one killed by e snake, the "Snake Ghost," and so on. The. {hosts of women who die daring childbirth ire supposed to be specially povrerfnl and vindictive. MoBt; ef the duessed persons whoae spirits are now worshipped were the ancestors, of eomeof ihe aborigines, .and as General Ganningham, the head of . tiiej arobasologieal survey of India, Bays, their worship ia generally local, and confined to the limit* oooopied by their respective fcibes. . ... ,? ' .j The oerem6bieB observed in propitiating this ghosts consists mainly of the oflering of grata, fowls, pigs, flowers, or frnit, of the recitation of prayers, and the winging of .crtain mantras,-or oharms,.the last being Ihe most important of all. These charms, whioh are always Bang by men at the dif ferent shrineB, are of two kinds-the " Sabare charms" and the u mystical in- , oantations." The former are addressed to the drifted ghosts of the dead, the perform ance being generally carried out in the country, or the plaee where the corpse was burned, and the latter are nsed for the par poBe of oompslling spirits to appear and re o«ivs the orders or the performer. 