THE TRAVELLER, travels in japan. Br Iiafoadio Hkabn.j . NO. ill.— IN A BUDDHIST CEMETERY. I am still unsatisfied in my search for that which., s always hidden away. I have passed, another day in wandering from one shrine to another. I have not yet seen the face of niunwa. sometimes it happens that aftor unspeakably wearisome climbing of stone steps, and passing under miraculously carven gates, whose gargoyles are tusked heads ot elephants and heads of angry lions ; and enter ing shoeless into scented twilight, into magical gardens of golden lotos blossoms made of paper and thence behind screens, into deeper dimnesses still more riohiy scented, and waiting for the eyes to beoomo habituated to tho Boft gloom 'I look in vain for the god. ' Only an opulent glimmering confusion of things half seon— vague altar splendors created by. gilded bronzes twisted into enigmas, by in describable vessels, by beautiful toxts of gold, whioh are riddles to all but tho learned— and these framing in nothing but the darkness of the void behind the altar. These Japanese tako their religion lightly, che»r fully.. They throw their cash into the templo box, make their reverence, olap their hands together thrice, murmur a prayer, thon turn to laugh or to smoke tl eir little pipes before the open gate of .the shrine.. Their faith Becms to have a joyousnoss unknown in the Western world; There is nothing grim, austero or self-- repressive about it. ' Properly a Buddhist worshipper should not clap tho hands, but ohlyrub the palms together. The Shinto worshipper claps the bands four times. But in some parts of Japan .this dis tinction is little: observed, the majority of the lower classes worshipping at tho sbrines.of .both religions. -"Into some shrines, I observe, the. people do not enter at alL They prsy .before the open doors. The -shadow, of the inner shrine falls never upon them ; only, the ! priests sojourn in it, as in .the : : mysterious world of occult Buddhism— a . world of woven paces and of waving hands"— the naive worshippers stand or kneel 'in the sun, and trouble themselves no more about the enigmas .within than about the enigma of the future; . - " Where shall I bo one million -years from, now?" must surely, seem a foolish question to him who knows himself to have been a myriad million years ago. : Akira is bowing and smiling at tho door. He slips off his sandals, enters in his white digitated stockings, and with another charming Bmllo and bow sinks gently into the proffered chair. Akira is a handsome boy. ;With his smooth beardless foes arid' olear bronzo skin and - fiuo White: teeth and thiok blue ; bjaok hair, trimmed into a shock that shadows his forehead to the oyos, he has -.almost the air, iu his long wide sleoved - satin belted robe , and snowy stockings, of a young Japanese girl.- 'I clap my hands for tea— hotel toa,— whioh ho' calls "Ohineso tea." . I . offor him a cigar, whioh ho declines;: hut with my per mission he will smoke his pipe. .... Thereupon ho draws from his. girdle a Japanese pipe ease and tobacco pouch, combined,: pulls out of the ;pipe case a little brass pipe with a bowl scarcely largo enough to' hold a; pea, -pulls out of .the; pouoli some tobacco so finoly cut that it looks like hair,' stuffs a tiny pellet of this preparation in the pipe and begins to smoke. - Ho draws tho smoke into his lungs, anil blows it out. again through his nostrils. Three little whiffs, at intervals of about half 'ii minute, and the pipe, emptied, is replaced in its case. Meanwhile, I havo reiated'to Akira the story of my disappointments. " Oh, you eaii see him to-day," responded Akira, ''if yon will tako A walk with mo to the Templo of Zoto-kwin. , For this is the Busshoo, tho festival of tho birth'day of Buddha. But he ia very small, ' only a few inches' high. If you want to sob a great Buddha, you must go to Kamakuru. There is a Buddha in that place, sitting, jipon.a'Totos, end ho is 50 feet high." - , - ' : ', ' So I go forth' under. tho 'guidance of Akira. Ho says he - may, be ablo to show me "some ourious things." . There is a sound of happy voices from' the' temple, and the steps are er'owded with smiling mothors and laughing' ohildroii; Entering, I find women ' and , bhbios pressing about a lacquered table in front of thodoorway. Upon it is a little tub shaped vessol of sweet tea— amaoha ; and, standing in the centre of it is a tiny figure of Buddha— ,'orio hand pointing upward, .and one downward. The women, ' having mado the customary offer ing, take up some' of the tea . with a wooden ladle of.ourious shape, like an' immense pipe, and pour it over tho .statue, and then filling the ladle a sooond time diink a little dud give a sip to their babies. This is tho ceremony of washing the statuo of Buddha. Near the lacquered stand on whioh the vessel of sweet tea rests is another and lower stand supporting a templo belli shaned like a great I bowl. A -priest "approaches with: a padded mallotin his hand and strikes 'the bell, keeping bis oyos the while fixed on mo with a look of kindly curiosity. But the bell does not sound properly ; ho starts, looks into it, laughs and stoops to lift out of it a pretty amiling Japanese baby. The mother, also laughing, runs to re lieve him of his burden ; and priest, mother and baby all look at us with a franknesBof mirth in whioh we cannot but join. Akira leaves mo a moment to speak with one of the templo attendants, and presently returns with a enrious lacquered box, about a foot in length and 4 inohes wido on eaoh .of its four sides. There is only a small holo in one end of it— no sppearanoe of a lid of any sort. "Now," says Akira, " if you wish to pay two sen, we shall learn our future lot according to tho will of the gods." Gladly I pay the two sen ; and Akira shakes tho box; Out comes a narrow slip' of ; bamboo, with Chinese diameters written thereon. " Ki-t'sn I" cries Akira, " Good fortune. -The number Is fifty and one." . Again he shakes the' box; a seoond bamboo slip issues from tho slit. " Dai-ki-tsu— great good fortune. The number ia ninety-and-nino." Once moro the' box is shaken — one more tho oracular bamboo protrudes. ' " Kyo 1" laughs Akira. ' "Evil will befall us. The number is aixty-and-four." ' Ho returns the box to a priest, and reocivcs three mysterious papers', marked with numbers corresponding to tho numbers of tho bamboo slips. Theso little bamboo slips, --or diviniog Btioksl are called mikuj!,. ' < \ Now thisp as: translated by Akira, is the substance'; of the -text ; of i the paper num bered'- 51:— "He wiio -dr'aweth forth .this 'mikuji, 'ilet-'hlm: live according to tho hoavenly.law ' and worship Kwannon..;: If. his trouble bo a sickness, it shall pass from him. If ho have lost aught, it shell bo found. If hc| have a suit at law, bo shall gain. If he. love a . woman, he shall surety win bor,' though : ho should have to wait; And many happi nesses will aome to him." The Dai-ki-tsa paper reads 'almost similarly, with tho sole differences that instead ' of Kwannon,' the deities of wealth and prosperity — Daikoku, Bishamon and Benten— are to be worshipped and that the fortunate man will not havo to wait at all for ' tho woman laved. Biit - the 'Kyo pnper roadn thus : — " He who draweth forth this niikuji, it will be woll for him to'obey the heavenly law and to worship Kwannon tho Mereiful. If he have any sick-' ness, even much more sick he shall become. If be have lost aught it -shall never be found again. If ho have a suit at law he shall never gain it.- If he love a woman, lot him have no more expectation of winning her. Only by the most diligent pioty can he hope to escape the most frightful calamities. And there shall' bo no felicity in his portion." "All the'same, we are fortunate," laughs Akira. "Twice out of tlireo timos we havo found luck. . . . Now we will go to see another statue of Buddha." , ' - And lie guides me, through many labyrinthino, curious Btrects, to the southern verge of the city.'" ' Before us towers a bill, with a broad flight of stone steps sloping to its summit — between foliage of cedars and maples. We climb, and I see - above me tho lions of Buddha waiting ; the 'male yawning menace'; the female with mouth closed. Passing between them, we enter a huge court, at whose further end rises another wooded eminenoe. And here is the temple, with roof of blue painted copper tiles and tilted eaves " and gar goyles and dragons, but all weather stained to one neutral tone. The paper doors arc opon, but a melancholy rhythmic oliant from within tells us that the noonday sorvice is being held : the priests are chanting the syllables of Sanscrit texts transliterated into Chinese, intoning a sutra of whioh tho meaning has been forgotten generations ago— tho sutra called the Sutra of the LotOB of the Good Law. One of those who chants keeps timo by tapping with'a mallet, cotton wrapped, aome grotesque objeot shaped like a dolphin's head, all lacquered in scarlet and gold, whioh gives forth a dull booming tone. . To the right of tho temple is a little shrine, filling tho nir with fragrance of inoense burning. I peer in through tho blue smoke that curls up from half a dozen tiny rods planted in a small brazier full of ashes, and far baok in tho shadow I sea standing a swarthy Buddha, tiara coiffed, with head bowed and hands joined — just as I see the Japanese praying, creot in tho sun, before the thresholds of temples. . . . The figure is of wood, rudely wrought and rudoly colored, still tho placid faco has beauty— beauty of suggestion. Crossing tho court to tho left oi the building I find another flight of steps before mo, leading up a slope to somothing mysterious still higher, among enormous trees. I ascond these steps also, reach tho top, guarded by two small sym bolic lious, and suddenly find myself in cool shadow, and startod into immobility by a spec- taclo totally unexpected and unfamiliar. Dark, almost black, soil ; and the shadowing of treeB immomorially old, through whose vaulted folingc the sunlight loakB thinly down in rare flecks : acrepusoular light, tender and solemn, revealing the weirdest host of un familiar shapes— o vast congregation' of grey columnar mossy things, atony, monumental, stranjgply sculptured with Chinese ideographs. And about them, behind them, rising high above . them— thiokiy set as rusheB in a marsh verge- tall, slender wooden tablets, like laths, black- written with similar fantastio lettering, pierce the green gloom by thousands, by tens of thousands. And before I can note other details, I know - that T am in a hakabs, a cemetery — a very anoient Buddhist cemetery. Those laths are called in the Japanese tongue . sotabas. ' All have notches out upon their edges on both sides near the top— five notohes; and' ail are painted with Chinese characters on both - faces. One inscription is always the ; phrase,' : " To promote Uuddahood," painted immediately.; bolow tho'dead man's name; the inscription upon tho othorsurfaceisaiwaysasentenoein Sanscrit, whoso meaning hss been forgotten even by. ; those prieBtB who- perform the funeral rites.:. Ono such ln'th is planted behind tho tomb as : soon as the monument linka- is set up; then ; another every seven days for 49 days ; then one . after the lapse of 100 days ; then one at the end ; of a year; then one aftor tho passing of .three, years; then at successively longer periods others are erected during 100 years. - And in almost every group I notice one quite , new, of fresbly planed - unpaintod white wood, , standing beside others grey, or even black, with age; and there are many still older, from whose ; surface all the .characters have disappeared,, lying on the sombre clay.- .Hundreds stand so loose in the soil that the least breeze jostles and- otatters them together with a bony sound. Not less unfamiliar in their formB, but far more interesting, are the monuments of. stone.. Ono shape I know represents : five . of the Buddhist elements — a cubo supporting a sphere whioh upholdB a pyramid on whioh, rests b shallow square onp with four crescent edges and tilted corners, and in the cup a pyri- forra body poisod with the point upwards. These successively typify Eartb, Water, Fire, Wind, Ether, tbo five substanccB wherefrom tho body is shspen, and into whioh it is resolved by death, the absence of any emblem for the sixth element, knowledge, 'touches moro than any imagery conocivablo could do. ' And, nevertheless, iu the purpose of tho symbolism, this omission wo3 never planned with the samo idea that it suggests to the occi dental mind. Very numerous also among tho monuments are low square flat-topped shafts, with a Japanese inscription in black and gold, or merely out into tho stono itself. Then there are upright slabs of various shapes and heights, mostly rounded at the top, usually bearing sculptures in relief. Finally, there ore many curiously angled stones, or natural rooks, dressed on one Bide only, with designs lightly . and beautifully etched upon tho smoothed surface. There would appear to be some meaning oven in tho regularity of thoir form; the rock always seems to havo been brokon out of its bed at five angles, and the manner in which each remains balanced per pendicularly upon its pedestal ia a secret that tho first wondering examination refuses to rovcaL The pedestals themselves vary in construc tion : moat have tbreo orifices in tho projecting surface in front of the monument supported by them, usually ono large oval cavity in the centre, -with two small round boles flanking it. These smaller holes servo for the burning .-- of ineensb roils. The larger cavity is filled with water.:, I do'not know'axaotiy why. .Only myi Japanese companion tells mo " It is an ancient ouatoin in Japan thus to pour out wator for ; the . dead. There are aUo'bamboo cups on , . THE ANNUAL:. COMMENCEMENT. " ... either Side of tho; 'monument in whioh to placo flowera..-.-: : . :/, Many of; tho; soulptnreB represent Buddha in meditation br i'in tlio attitude of exhorting. A fow pioture him asleep, with his .cheek resting upon- his handpslumboringsoftly ns a child,: with tho placid, restful, dreaming face : of a' child';: a' Japanese child— this means Nirvana. A aommon design upon many tombs also seems: to bo two lotos blossoms with stalks inter-, twlnod. : :i Hn'onoplaoo I see- a stone with an English name upon it,' and abovo that name a rudely, chiselled- cross. . . - . Verily tho.prie9ts of Buddha havo blcssod toleranco ; for this is a Christian's tomb. ; 1 ; v And allisohippcd and mouldered and mossed, and tho grey stones stand closely in hosts of. ranks, 'only one' or two: inches apart — ranks of thousands' upon- thousands— always . in tho shadow of the giant trees.'. ' Overhead innumer able small birdB sweeton the air with thoir trill ing; and far- below, down: tho steps behind us, I still hear tho molanoboly chant of the priests, faintly, like a humming of bees. > . 'Akim loads tho way in ailonce to whore other steps descend into a darker andoldor part oft ho cemotcry— and here I find myself face to face with a group of colossal monuments — very tall, massive, mossed- by time, with characters out mora than 2 -inotibs doep into the grey rock of them ; :'and -behind them, in lien of laths,.nre planted huge sofotas 12 to 14 feot high and thick as tlio - beams of a temple roof. These aro. graves of priests. Descending the shadowed stops, I seo ontho right six littlo statues about 3 feet high standing in a row upon ono long pedestal. Tho first holds a Buddhist iuconse box ; -the second a lotos; tho1 third, a pilgrim's staff (tsud) ; the fourth is telling tho beads of a Buddhist rosary ; tho fifth stands in tho attitude of prayer, with hands joiucd ; the sixth bears in one hand the shakujo, or mendicant priest's staff, having Bix rings fitted .into its looped summit— and in the other band the mystic: jewel, Nyo-i-lio-shu, by virtue whereof all desires may bo accom plished. But the faces of the six are. the same, each figure differs from the other by attitude only and emblematio attributo, and all aro Bmiliog the like faint smilo— gentle, naif, passionless. About tho neck of each figure a white cotton bag is suspended, and all tho bags are filled with pobblos ; and pebbles have been piled high also about tbo foot, of tho statues, and upon their knees, and upon their Bhouiders, and oven upon the airoamforenoe of. their glory disks of stone, littlo pebbles are balanced. Archaic, mysterious, but inexplic ably touching all theso soft ohildiBh faces are. Roku Jizo — "Tho Six :Jizo"— theso /imoges aro oalled in tho speech of tho people, and suoh groups may bo soen in many a Japanese ceme tery. They aro representations, of' the, moat beautiful and tender figure in Japanese popular' faith, thnt charming divinity who oaros for tho souls of littlo children and consoles thorn in the placo of unrest, and saves them from the demons. " But why all those / littlo atones piled about tho statues? "(.ask. // , v Well, it is because some say that/the child ghosts must build littlo j towers of. stonos for penance in tho Saina Ivdwarn; which, is,, the placo to whioh all oliildren af tor .deathmust go. And tho Oni, who are demons, come to throw down tho little stone pilos as')- fast .as tho ohildrcii build ; and these , ) dombns frighten the children, and boat them, and tormont thorn. But the little) souls rim to Jizo, who hides them in his.groat'siecvos,, and oomforts them, and makes the demons gi> away. And every Btono/ one lays upon the kneee or at tho feet of Jizo, with a prayer from the, heart, holps somo child soul in tlio Saina- Kawarn to perform its longpentmco, Tho real origin of tho custom of piling stones before the images of Jizo and other divinities is not now known to the people. Tho'- custom is founded upon a passage in the famous Sutra (The Lotos of the Good law) " Even the little boys who in playing erected hero and thore heaps of sand with the intention of dedicating thomasStupas to tho Gin'as— they havo all of them reached enlightenment." Saddkarma Pundarika : o. ii., v. 81 1 (Kern's' translation— Saored Books of the East, vol. xxi.) "All littlo children," says tbo young Budd hist student who tells me all this, with a smile as gentle as Jizo'sown, "must go to tho Saina- Kawara when they die':' And thero 'tb'cy play- with: Jizo.' '-The /SainavKawara is ' beneath ua-below this' "ground.1 ' Add Jizo -hai long; slobves' to '"his '-'robe— aii'd v tlioy 'pull liim; by "tlio sloevosintheir play ; and thoy pilo'up littlo';stobes iBefqre iliim 'to' amuse themselves. And those 'stones:yo>i'!se'o' heaped' about tho: put rthoro by good pooplo for the sskeof the'littlobn'es) most ofton by'mothbrs of qhildren | who pray) to Jizo. ' But' grown' pqoplo do not) go' to tho/ Saina- Kawara when thcy'die; biit io tho Gokuraku."; Except thote who havo nover married. f . . ''AhitlWe' yonng)s'tudcnt; leaving the' Rok'u- ffizo.McadB tHfe Jwny '.to other s'traoge surprises, ' 13 qhling mb. among the tombs)' showing mo thq'scnlptnred dlvinitics)J') ' 'Home/of fles'o'aro' tjuriin'tl touching— nil nro "ftiiia'a fow are poaitivoly beautiful. ; have nimbi. Manyaroiwp.' rbsoiitcd : kn'qolfnft /witK'h'nnda 'joined bxaotly 'bo fig:ues,)''pf0saintV in )old'; Christian Wy /Otiiers/' holding-1 fSqs ' flowers, ') appear J?: ' 'Sof _ , «ro" 'meditations) . fi,- 4 'fbpofies'on thocoilsof'a grebtcrpent. with something resembling a tiara, has 'six '.liohds' — -olio /pair joined in' prayer, tj?.)®3/froo4firfr(oiM!6bj8ot8;'.aud Mis figure stands' upob's proatruto humanlike ffgurb— perhnp's a'dembn— oroucking face down'- wards. Yot, another imago,, cut in low relief, hasnrtMinnumerabio, Tho Drsl'phir of hands aie imncd, witii the palms togothor ; while from bohiiid thb liuo) Of tho'shoiildors, as if shadowily arms reach out)) in( nU "' .dlreotions) ' vapoiy, spiritual, hbiding forth all kirids qf objeots as in answer to supplicationV ahd symboiiaing' perhaps tho omnipotence' ,;"of ' lpyq.) ( '. /This is but ono of .) )thb ,))many "forms'' of : Kwannon, the 'goddess' of )m)erby,')thb'gefltlb divinity who refused thbrost bf'Nii'vana to save' the souls of men, and who is most frequently piotured as a beautiful . Japanese girL But hero sho appears as Kwaanon-Saujin — "the Thousand- Handed.", . Close by - stands n great slab, bearing: upon tho. upper portion of its ahisellcd surfaco an image of Buddha in relief — meditating upon a lotos ; and below .aro .carven throe i. weird little figures— one with hands upon its eyes, oho with )iand9 upon its cars, , one with . - hands, upon < its mouth. . These are Apeo. " IVhat do they signify ?" I inquire, My friond. answers- vaguoly in his broken Eng;, lisb, ropoating the whilo eaoh; gesturo of, the. throe soulptured shapes ' ' I see no bad thing ; —I /hear no bad thing ;— I speak , no,, bad thing." ; . 1 ; i .. .,:) Gradnally, by dint of roiterated explanations,, I learn mysolf to recognise some of tho, gods, at, sight. , Tho figure., seated upon a lotos, told- ing, a sword in. its hand, and mirrounded|by bibkering firs, is,Fudo-Sama— Buddha..aa tho Unmoved, , tho Immutable ; the wordjsiguifios, intellect,,: tho .firo.,is ;powqr.; .Here/. is, 0 meditating divinity, holding in one hand a . boil of ropes. - The, divinity, is Buddha; those .aro the ropes whioh . bind the passions and dc. Biros. Hero also- iB,, Buddha, , Blumbering, with the gentlest, softest Japnnoso . faccr-n ohild- swcot fnco -rand .eyes. olosodl;j and hand : pillowing , the , ohoek— in ... Nirvaria,! Hero is a beautiful virgin figure, standing upon, a lily, 'Kwanhon- Snma,;: the Japanese,, Ma donna. Hera is a - solemn: .seated , figure, holding in ano hand , a vase, and : lifting the other with. tho. gesturo of a teacher, .Yakuahi- Sama— Buddha, the. AU-Hoaler,. ghostly Physi- olan of Souls. . Also I see figures of ; atiimals, Shika, the Deer of Buddhist birth-storios, stands, all graco, in snowy stone upon tlio summit of toros or nativo lamps. On one tomb I sec, superbly chiselled, tho image of a fish, or rather tho idea of a fish, made beautifully grotesque for sculp tural purposes, like tho dolphin of Greek ark It crowns the top of a memorial column, the broad, open jaws, showing serrated teotb, rest on tho summit of tho block bearing the doad man's name, the dorsal fin and elevated tail are elaborated into exquisite decorative impossibi lities, " Mokugyo," says Akirn. It is the same Buddhist emblem as that hollow wooden object, lacquered scarlet and gold, on whioh tbo priests beat with a padded mollot while ohanting 'the sntra. And finally, in one place I porceivo a pajr of ait- ting animals, of some mythological species, sup ple of figure as greyhounds. Kitanmo, says Akira — foxes.. So thoy are, now that I look upon tliem with knowledge of .thoir purpose — idealised foxes, foxes , spiritualised — impossibly graceful foxes.' Tliey aro ohjselled in some grey stone. They have long, . narrow sinister, glitter ing oblique eyes ; they seem to snarl, they are weird, very weird creatures — tho servants of the rice god, retainers of Inari-Sama, axd properly belong, not to Buddhist iconography, but the imagery, of : Shinto, or) perhaps to a primitive aboriginal faith, olcler even than Shinto. ; No inscriptions) upon these tombs correspond ing to our epitaphs, only family names— tho names of tlio dead and their roiatives— and a soulptured croat, usually a flower. On the sotobas,' only Sanscrit words - Further on,' I find other figurea of Jizo — single reliefs— sculptured upon tombs.'- But ono of tlieBe. is a work of art so cxqiiislte 'tliat I feel a pain at being obligod to pass it by. More sweet, assuredly, than any imagod Christ, this dream in white atono of the dear, play iellow of all dead children, like a .most beautiful boy, with gracious oyelids half olosod, and face made heavenly by suoh a, smile, ns only Bnddhistart could eroh lmve imogined— tho smile of infinite loviugness and' supremeat gentioness. Indeed, so charming the ideal of Jizo is, that in the speech of the peoplo a beautiful face is always likened to his— Jizo-Kao, "as tho face of Jizo." At -Naples thero is an asylum in that oity for old peoplo, in the service of whioh is used a small donkey bartew on whioh is inscribed the words "Littlo Sisters of the Poor,"' anil whioh is generally. used for -collecting: odd gifts, from tho sale, of which tlio institute derives an in come of about 20,000 f. a year. Tho other day one of tho paupers fell and hurt his head, and was convoyed in the oart, accompanied by two nuns, to tho Pellegrini Hospital. Just before touching it tho cart upsot, and the donkey ran away and took refuge in an office of tho " Lotto. " ' Tho spectators and inhabitants of tho neighboring streets immediately crowded' to the "Lotto" olfieo to play tho numbers appropriate to the differont persons and objeot3 'connected with tho affair, 33, 36, 41, 53, and next day tho office Itself placarded tho follow ing numbers at its door, with tho licadiag "Yesterday's incident — 11, 41, 71, 90." 