TAXATION. I Sirs-I see by the Hobart papers that Mr. Dobson is looking about to adjust the revenue of the country. Now, does it not strike him that among other savings the annual vote for Ragged School may be cut off? And not only so, but by such an act he would be conferring an unspeakable blessing on Hobart. The facts have been told in your columns. Here are some 300 children being educated by teachers who have not been specially trained for the work, and who have received no certificate as to theirubiu'ty and who pretend to higher standard than the simplest elements of instruction. Now, the State schools are open to these, and in the State school are found teachers who have been compelled to labour hard and long to acquire their position, and who have received from competent examiners documents testifying to their fitness for the school. in the State school, too, is plenty of room, and the withdrawal of the vote would occasion no inconvenience whatever. In Melbourne no such disgraceful name as the Ragged School is known. I appeal to the Dobson Cabinet to promptly wipe off this blot from Tasmania. It is simply a relic of the manaroo able past. As to the new scheme of taxation. Do not tax articles of living, the cost of food already is so high as to render the island a place to be avoided, and this is almost the sole reason why working people do not root themselves there. To further tax sheep and cattle, wits tea, sugar and, indeed, everything else of diet, is not only cruel but most impolitic. Here, in Victoria, provisions all round are at least 30 per cent below Tasmania. If those who hold the land fail to turn it to account and so starve the people, buy them out and give it to other. Like the publicans, dismiss them at any price so as to get rid of them. The railway employees are generous in their offers to work half time rather than so many should be discharged, and their offer ought to find acceptance. And will Mr. Dobson indeed also reach up to the higher paid officials The Governor's salary, the Agent-General and themselves, and from these downwards. We shall see. The Premier is a new broom. He is not yet sunk into the old deep rut. Dobson, make thyself a name ! Permit me, sir, to offer up to the gods my fervid thanksgiving that the Hon. P. O. Fysh is no longer a Minister. Like the ghosts of Byron's .. Manfred " the shades of the innocents pent up in workshops will haunt him in his midday walks and his mid- night dreams. Alas, for his faithful friend, now of happy memory and who held up his I hand in that work. Yours, etc., J. RICHARDS. Melbourne, September 16. 