DEATH AND THE SUPER- NATURAL. The following is extracted from an article in Literary Opinion entitled “The Super- natural in Fiction," by H. D. Lowry:—It is perfectly conceivable—you are at liberty to regard it as a matter of certainty—that all this may liavo boon a mistake ; that ghosts, if only they could bo sufficiently investigated, are always (as in tho Christmas stories) truant donkeys or linen garments sot to dry upon a hedgegrovv, and gloaming at night in the moonlight; or that whore their appari tion cannot be thus easily explained away, they are the simple creatures of disordoicd nerves. But, you arc to note, a ghost is si ill a ghost, and terrible, whether a man does actually behold it or merely believes as much, and the fact is altogether beyond question ing, that reasonable men, in all ages of the world, have boliovcd upon occasion that their sense (of sight, of hearing, of smell) perceived indubitably things which had no demonstrable existence—things whose exist ence was oven demonstrably impossible, Tho novelist, therefore, is very far from “con descension” when ho allows himself to deal with matter# not strictly described as natural; rather, it must bo hold, that ho shall arrive at completeness only in giving to terror duo ominonco among tho emotions which mould our lives. Hero, by way of example,, is a little story, truo in all particulars, and com mon enough also in varying decrees. It is told in vain if you do not realise that in tho livos of those pcoplo tho one thing bound to happen upon any emergency would always, to the end of their days, bo what is called supernatural:—Tho family consisted of a father, a mother and their three daughters, of whom tho youngest was now beyond tho ago of childhood ; and, for just so long a lime as they could remember, those girls had lived, as it wore, under the very shadow of death, Tho father was a decent living mechanic, not in any way a man of strong character, but honest, hard-working, finding always a very real support in the comfortable doctrines of his religion. His wife, too, was a good woman in her their children should have lived happily in their home, and carried memories of it thereafter into other places. Only they knew and were unable to forgot, that tho seeds of consumption were implanted in them from birth, and though none of tho family had succumbed as yet, thoy were ficrpotually aware of this possibility of their ives. It was tho mother that wont first, straggling a long while to believe that she would yet cheat tho allotted fate, clinging desperately to the household tasks that were her part in life, but forced at last to relin quish tho struggle and sit all day long at the fireside in the one downstairs room, help lessly awaiting tho pleasure of the disease. Tho husband hod a woman’s tenderness, nor may you doubt tho strong affection of tho children tor thoir mother. Yet tho fact re mains that, from the first certainty of imminent death, all throe stood away from her, regarding her fretfully, as if sho had been tho incaralion of all that was unbearably dreadful to thorn. Thereafter, when she lay upstairs, they entered sometimes tho little room where tho husband shared with tho parish nurse tho task of attendance upon their mother. But they made no demonstra tion of affection or regret, being visibly hold back by a fear that scarce refrained from shuddering; and, at such times, as a lit of coughing took the mother, thoy ran im mediately from tho room having of her tho sort of horror one might conceive of a brute beast writhing in tho last extremity of pain. At night thoy slopt together in another room, tho door barred against thoir terror without, their hearts hardened altogether to tho de spairing lonohuosss of tho father, to the pain of tho dying woman. And when at last she was dead, the fear Lad still so groat a mastery over them that no one among thorn looked upon her faoo before the coffin lin'd boon'nailed down. They lived for those few days, so far as was possible, out of the house. Tho father sat alone in the room with , tho body; ho alone of tho housohold followed the tho graveyard ; and many weeks, something of tho drondfulnesK ■which had hold back tho children from thoir mother when she was dying, scorned, if I understand thorn rightly, to havo been trans ferred Jo him who mourned for her. That is a mere example; a score of instances might bo quoted to qhqw that the fear, not of dying, but of death and of Ibo things which are 1 beyond it, is upon occasion nn emotion over mastering all the commoner instincts of humanity. And- such instances cannot go unregarded. 