HIS ANGEL* By HENRY HERMAN. Authgr of " Sairlet Fortune,'* " Eagle Joe," \- -Between the Whiffs." - A leading Lady," ~ For Old Virginia,' etc. SYNOPSIS OF PRECEDING CHAPTER. Chapter I -V.—The prologue introduces us to Dan Kenlnaw, frontiersman in tie West of America, whq. wtth a lynch party has hunted down a desperado and murderer, named Joe Qobinson. and is about 10 h&og; Mm "The banging accomplished, Kershaw diaSfrere in the desperado'* hat a beautiful little twa^eajf old girl, the daugh+er of llbbinson. He adopts her, and calls bei Angelica, and re- -gajfls Iter as "His Ansel." Dan prospers, And . becomes a m'llioaaire. Sixteen years aftej^vards, Dan. and his. adopted. daughter go to the Eastern States, to **jinish-off" the txlui$±ian of tie latter. Ihera is-a railway smash, the "train takes -fire, and Dan and Angel- ara piniped down among the, broken dC-bris of trie carriage while the Are draws nearer and nearer to thenU They are ultimately rescued, not seriously injured, by a handsome young journalist, named TTn^grwood, who is going to New York to work on•« newspaper there. Both father and daughter take a strong fancy to him, and at their wish he travels wttjfr them. Dan wants to make his fortune, but Tlorarwoad declines all offers, and setting to work in Iretf York, spends most of his spare time in Keriwrs house, he and Angelica having fallen in love •with each other, though there has been no confession of affection between titsra. CHAPTER V.—The Sfbctbb op the Past. Tlxey had been Bitting there for fully a quarter o£ an hour, puSmg silently at their cigars, the old man staring in front of him Jjlankfy, coldly, vacantly, thy younger man moving uneasily on his chair, casting wistful glances at his companion, and drumming a silent march with his finger-tips on the table. "Tell me all abont yewrself," said the pioneer on a sudden. "Let's have a fair, square look at yewr devil, an* see if he's as black as yew've painted him. Tell us all about how yew've growed up, an* whar yew're growed up, an* how yew've come to be what jew are. I guess then I'll know what I've got to do." The young man hesitated for a few moments undecidedly. " It is perhaps better that you should know all," he said at last with a heavy-drawn sigh. " I have told you the worst. The rest of my history has no surprises—of the disagreeable land at any rate. " I can remember myself first of all," he continued, " a grimy, smudge-faced, half- ragged urchin, running about Front street, St. Louis; diving and dodging about the steamboots on the levee, and picking up pieces of wood, bits of iron, and all such rubbish as are generally found m similar neighbourhoods, and carrying them to my mother, who lived in a tumbledown Bhanty not far from the railway Btation. The steward and cooks of the steamers used to be very kind to me, and many a piece of pumpkin-pie, of meat, and of corncake I got from them. I remember well how, even at that time the boys of my own age used to shun me, and taunt me with my father being a thief or with my father being in prison. At that time 16aw very little of him. Even when he was not in gaol he was seldom at home, and when he was at home our little shanty was a very halt upon earth. He used to beat my motherTUtmercifully, and went so far as to bring other women into the house. As I grew to years of better comprehension, young as I was, I came to be heartily ashamed of him. A Baptist missionary had been talking to me on the levee, and I had been going to the evening school, and there I had iearned that it was wrong to steal; and I knew that it was wrong to steal when one night my father took •He with him and another man on an expedition to break into a house. I could climb like a cat then, and they wanted me to get over a high Wall and open a door for them. " I had got heartily tired of being jeered at and gibed at for being the son of a thief, and quite a horror against dishonesty had arisen in my young mind under the teachings of the good Baptist missionary. So I climbed that wa.lL "but when I got on the top I shouted with all my might, and the people of the house were awakened and came out, and my father had to nun away vowing vengeance against me. "Afterthat I dared not go home, but Mr. Casey, the kind Baptist missionary, sheltered me for a few days and nights, and at last he ot me a place as scullery boy on the steamboat fSTisconsin, running between St. Louis and Dubuque. All went very well with me for a while. From the post of scullery boy 1 rose to that of pantry boy, and then to that of cabin boy. The purser took a fancy to me, and lent me books to read, and when winter came he got me a place on the Yazoo City steamer, cunning between Vicksburgh and Yazoo city, and I passed another season there. " My good fortune would have it that on that boat, I met the Hon. Levi Walker, member of Congress for Missouri, and editor of the Kansas City Star. He offered to make a journalist of me, and I was glad to consent. In his office I rose from one position to another, and all would have been well if, one unlucky day, I had not, in the street, run actoss my father. He was unfortunately too well known in the place. He had been tarred and feathered there, he had been flogged there, he had been in the chain-gang, he had been within an ace of beiag hanged there. He immediately claimed from me the rights which his ties of affinity gave him, and I had to confess the horrible truth to Mr. Walker. I tried to buy my wretched father's departure, but the more money I gave him, the firmer became his resolution to hang on to me. The people in Kansas City were very good to me. They had had time to learn to know me and they pitied me. "Mr. Walker gave me an introduction to several Cincinnati editors, and I left Kansas City, and with it my dreadful father. I found immediate and remunerative work in Cincinnati, and I 6tayed there several years. From Cincinnati I went to Chicago, and on my journey from Chicago to New York you met me. Now you know all about me. I do not think that I have forgotten anything of importance." "An' ain't yew seen yewr father since then; ain't yew heard from him?" asked Kershaw. " I know of his existence only through the newspapers," replied Underwood. "They periodically record his convictions. My mother died shortly after my leaving Cincinnati, under his brutal treatment, that I know also." " Waal," exelaimed Kershaw, "if yew ain't heerd from him nor yet seed him, maybe as yew'll never hear nor see no more of him." "That is not to be hoped for," sighed the young man. " I live in daily dread of running across him in the street, of his calling ai my rooms, of his coming here. If the slightest * chance is given him of blackmailing me or you, he will fasten on us like a leech, and it would be easier to get rid of a vampire than of him." " I've had to deal with that kind o' man afore to-dav," said the frontiersman quietly, "an' they nary once got the best o' me yet." "Ah," replied the young man bitterly, "it is easy for you to say that. Not one of the scoundrels whom you have come across was your own father One cannot mete out justice to the man to whom one owes one's life, and not be soiled by his guilt. The taint clings, one's clothing reeks with it, it poisons the food, it embitters the drink, it calls up hideous grinning ghosts to haunt your sleep. It turns your honest handiwork into rebuke, it makes good men's praise a stolen deceit, and all your life one long reproach. O God!" he cried in a sudden agony, " how can I be rid of it? Shall I ever be rid of it ? I have never felt it as I do at this moment." The old man cast a scrutinising glance upon him, a long "lance full jf pity. " Poor boy !" he muttered. " The sins of the fathers. Poor boy'." Underwood jumped up on a sudden, "Yon must let me go, Mr. Kershaw," he cried. " You really must not try to detain me, Don't think me a coward. I do not go to Europe to run away from him. I go to escape from myself. I love your daughter, and I have no' right to love her. God knows I have struggled, and fought, and contended against myself. I have tried to be marble, and see the result. I am but human, after alL Pity me, by having no pity on me. There is no harm done yet. Let me go before it is too late " In his heated excitement he walked up and down the room like some frightened, caged creature, trembling in every limb. He sirasped the decanter that was standing on the table, and pouring out two glasses of water, swallowed them greedily one after the other, as if thereby he were able to cool the fever of his emotion. " Sit down thar," said the millionaire softly, pointing to an armchair, " and led me bide this over. When they've bin cryin* sign, yew've got to stand to yewr rifles an' be ready. But that ain't no reason for runnin' away an' lea via' all yewr peltry behind. Yew've got that thar father o' yewrn, an' yew cayn't get rid of him nowhow, cos it ain't 'lowed to smother him. Yew've got to take kear that he don't harm yew, nor those that like yew, that's aU. It's all well, an' fine, an' easy for yew to run away an' go to Yewrup; hut what am I to do with my Angel, who'll cry her eyes out when yow're gone, and who'll pine and wither, an* die, perhaps, for she ain't over- strong—an' she's an obstinate critter when she sets her heart on a thing. No, my boy, yew've got to Ik a man, an' yew've got to bear yewr load like \- ^Published bv special arrangement with the pub Ushers. Ward, Lock and Co. a man, an' not sit down under it, an* yew'Ve ; I got to do it for the take-of the gell that loves a1pa yew, aa' she's worth it, I can assure yew." »' But " exclaimed Underwood. "Thar ain't no but," interrupted the old pioneer. "On the straight road, the honest road, the broad road that Hes afore yew, thar ain't no byew-iys an* thar ain't no turnin s. Thar may be rocks an* boulders an' big stones all along, but yew've got to sit on yewr hoss an' jeM; to ride over '«m. It ain't no use a^sneakiti' away as if yew was the guilty one. Hold yewr head straight, up, young man, cos vew've got the right to hold it up, in spite of yewr father, an' if so be as anybody challenges yew, yew say, ' Go an' ask Dan'l Kershaw for my character,' an' I guess Dan'l Kershaw's poity wall known from the Platte to the Canadian, an' from the Bockiesto the Atlantic; an' if' they «me to me an* say anythin' agin yew> they'll soon find out the truth." " I Mr. Kershaw," *aid Underwoo3,in a. voice broken by his -emotion. " I wisa I could feel myself more personally deserving of it.. Believe me, your daughter's love, vour own friendship, are priceless in my eyes." It is just because I value them so rarely that I tremble to stay." " Come now," exclaimed Daniel Kershaw, " that's better. • I guess that's heap hotter. Yew let me think thu business over. But the thing yew've got to do is to go an' tell yewr people that yew ain't goin' to Yewrup, an' j ew can start with me as my secretary as soon as yew like. An" mind yew, not a sylab of this to my Angel, not a word, on yewr honour, until I see what's got to be done." Miss Angelica was sitting in the dining-room, waiting for the result of h?r father's interview wjjyj Hubert Underwood. iA trifle more anxious pertiaps than on the previous dr.v, and a shade paler,—the tiny fingers twitched a little more ccavously, and wrung the gauzy cambric handkerchief in rapidly tremulous agitation. Once or twice her r wkuag-chair came very near overbalancing itself, so erratic were the young lady's impulsive movements, and to forgetful was she of her own safety amidst her heart's tumultuous" doubting promptings. She jumped up with a glad cry when she heard the door open upstairs, an-i Daniel Kershaw's heavy footsteps on the landing. " Where is Mr. Underwood V she inquired ea?erly, when she saw that the old man was alone. '•He is gone out by the front door, my Angel,''answered the pioneer, patting her head, " an' he wants yew to excuse him." "Excuse him?" she repeated, in a dismayed wonderment. " Excuse him ? Tell me, daddie dear," she burst out convulsively, " is he going away?" " Thar now, dry yewr eyes," he replied soothingly, " he ain't a-goin' away, not a little bit he am't. This won't do at all, yew know. I cayn't have my Angel a-ciyin', an' a-losing' her roses. Mr. Underwood not only ain't a-goin' away, but he's goin' to be my secretary, an' yew'll be able to see him every day." How those big lustrous eyes brightened, and those downy cheeks dimpled! She stood on tiptoe, and threw her arms around his neck, and kissed him for the happy news he had brought her, and a few minutes afterwards she had forgotten all about her little troubles and the sorrow they had brewed for her and the dreadful anticipations that had affrighted her, over the imaginary woes and joys of the heroine of the latest novel. Daniel Kershaw was sitting at the big bow window of the dining-room, looking out into the street. He was not an imaginative man, and had been accustomed to deal with hard matter of fact in a hard matter-of- fact way all his life. Heady resource, prompt decision, and swift action had been and were his chief characteristics, yet the present emergency brought a strange indecision in its way. For the first time in hss life the sturdy pioneer was puzzled, and he was angry with himself for being puzzled. A conflict of thoughts and memories surged in his mind, and threatened to interfere with his habitual determination. He looked upon the street, and the little crowds of passers-by, listlessly, uninterestedly, when, on the opposite side of the road, he espied a man, who rather slunk than walked along, casting furtive glances about him from time to time. He was an old man, a tall man, bent, with broad stooping shoulders. Hie gait was shifty, and his manner shrinking. Whilst looking in this direction, or in that, as if seeking somebody or something, he turned his eyes towards the window where Daniel Kershaw sat, and thereby gave the latter an opportunity of seeing his face. It was not a pleasant face—thin, haggard, and gaunt, and of an ashen pale. A great scar ran across one cheek, and gave it a nearly villainous look. The eyes, bright and piercing, bespoke a devilry not yet extinct. The mouth was hard, with square set jowl, and yet it was a face which might have been handsome years ago, before manliness was stamped,out of it, and ferocity and brutality had WOT their mark there. His hair was sparse and white, and a small scrubby white beard fringed his cheeks. His clothing, though not absolutely in rags, was of the coarsest, and an unkemnt, unshaven appearance added to the general repuleiveness. As Daniel Kershaw's eyes rested on the man's face, an indistinct remembrance dashed upon him and gripped his mind. " I've seed that man afore," he said to himself, and strove to obtain a better look. The man had slunk on, however, and was turning his back. A little further down the avenue he crossed the road, and was lost to sight. " Whar have I seed that man afore ?" Daniel Kershaw kept asking himself all that morning. " I'm sure I've seed that face afore." Whatever work he was engaged upon whether he were writing, or reading, or rest ing, or smoking, that pale, unshaven face thrustitself between him and his thoughts, followed him when he went upstairs to his own room, and it was with him as he sat down to luncheon. So pre-occupicd was he. and so moodily ab stractsd, that Angelica imagined him to be ailing, and was profuse in her questioning, and in her pretty solicitude. After luncheon he sat himself down by the window again, and the picture of that face flashed across his mind, but not as he had seen it that morning. The. white hair was nearly dark, the face brown and robust, but even more scowling and more villainous than as he had last seen it. I've got it," he cried. " I guess I've got it. I was sure I knowed it. It's Mike Turner —Cheeseface Mike—Hellflre's Joe's pardner!" CHAPTER VI.—ON THE Peowi. Sleep was a stranger to Daniel Kershaw's couch that night. He kept tossing and rolling from one uncomfortable position to the other, now too hot, then too cold, first determinedly closing his eyes and vowing he would neither see nor dream, then opening them wide and staring at the ceiling in the dim light of tie shaded night-lamp. Gradually his unrest passed away, and although winged slumber came not to him, his puliation became more even, and his mind less troublous in its activity. " Thar wos ony eight men an' one woman, beBide myself, that knowed it," he said to nLnself," an' now thar's Mike Turner, Hellfire Joe's paTdner, as I'd forgotten. Thar wos Little Hoss Harry — some thievin Blackfeet wiped him out, raised his bair at Two Buttes Creek. Then thar wos Rednail Jack—he's gone too. He died in the Staked Plain. An' Bill Clelland too—the Yellow Jack carried him off at Vera Cruz. Martin Brickhead went to Californy, an' got shot at 'Frisco. Bob Allen an' Pat Branagan got killed in the war. Poor old Buth has gone under these ten years. Thar's ony two more alive: Butternut Sam—he's keepin' a ranche at Fort Seaton; an' Eli Watkins—he's made his pile, an' is loafin' about Palestine, an' Roosha, an' Switzerland, an' a lot more ungodly places. An' Eli an' Sam thev're both staunch an' true, an' I'd trust 'em with my life any day. But Mike—he looks harder than ever; he looks as if he'd cut your throat for a dollar. " I guess though," he continued, " he'll find me a tough card. I settled his pardner, an' I'll settle him if he rims athwart me, or my Angel." With the recital of the list of his quondam companions, and the recapitulation of the events pertaining to the career of each, his power of calm reasoning returned in all its former vigour. The problem of Hubert Underwood's troubles was perplexing enough in its way, and now that villainous face of Hellfire Joe's partner added its mite to the difficulty. Early morning came before the frontiersman could find rest in sleep, having discovered apian which would triable him to do what was right, aud avoid all trouble to his darling. When Hubert Underwood came to work as usual the next morning, he found both Daniel Kershaw and Miss Angelica in the library. " I'm a man as eayn t bear beatin' about the bush," said the millionaire, " an' when I've got to do a thing, I like to do it an' make no bones about it. I'm a-goin' to speak plainly to yew both—to yew, my Angel, an' to yew, young man. Come, sit down heear right by my side, both of yew. Hubert seated himself in a hot trepidation, The old man spoke pleasantly. There was nothing to be feared; nothing but his own heart. • "I guess yew're bo% very fond o' one another., That's the way they put it in the story books as a general rule, isn't it ? Waal, bin readin' stories, too—stories that's true stories that isn't, an' I've heerd it said, an' 1 guess I know, that many a time two yoang people take their oath that they love one. another, an* believe it too, believe it hard; but when they come to live with one another, they quarrel an' fight like cats an' dogs, an' itt mostly the woman's heart that's broken fust." Miss Angel threw her arms round her father's neck, and placed her soft hand over his mouth. "I shall not listen, you dear, silly, old daddie," she exclaimed brightly, " if you will say such awful things. I shouldn't have come if I had thought that we were about to - listen to a sermon." \- He disengaged himself gently. "Ah, my Angel," he said softly, "it's a sermon as yew ought to listen to j .an keep firm in yewr.mind, an* remember always. I don't intend to-play euchre or brag with yewr, young life an* happiaess, an' I'lltek kear that yew shan't do it yewrself, if yew've got the right bower, an' the left bower, an' as many trumps as yew like, not even then.' She nestled closer to him anxiously." "Tell me, don't keep me waiting, daddie dear," she breathed. "It's a-comin', my darling," he replied, " an' sure. I've turned things over, an' .slept over 'em, an' havin' slept over 'em, I've got things straight an' clear, an' I'll tell yew both what I'm goin' to do. Mr. Underwood was goin' to Yewrup. Yewrup is a nice country, ain't it, Mr. Underwood?" "It is very pleasant, I believe," answered the journalist. "Lots of peo|ta go there for pleasure. I was going tfcera on business." " I guess as it's a country worth seein'," the pioneer went on, " an' it won't do no harm to my Angel nor to me to see it, an' I propose that my Angel an' myself we go to Yewrup— to London, an' to Constantinople, an' to Jeeroosalem, an' to Paris, an' to Ireland, an' to lot more places, an'- that we stay thar a year or so, we'll say, an' that yew, Mr. Underwood, yew come with as as my guest and as my secretary at the same time, cos I'll want somebody to do my writin' for me, yew know. An' so yew an' my Angel '11 be together every day, an' yew'll git to know one another better than yew do now, an' each other's good points, an' each other's fanlts, an' each other's temper, an' if so be a6 at the end of the year yew're as fond o' one another as yew are now, an' as ready to take one another for good or for Ol, for good times or bad times, for health or for sickness, an' for all the trials an' misfortunes that may befall yew both—for that's it, mind yew—then I'll say to yew, ' be man an' wife, my children, an' God bless yew both.' " His voice faltered just a little as he came to a close. .... He had promised to give away that which he loved best in all the world. Loved! How poor, how incomplete a word for that holy, untranslatable feeling which made life worth living to him in her young happiness. His »lory, his idol, at whose feet he would gladly lave expired without a regret, without a murmur, without a sigh, every hair of whose head he would have guarded at the price of his heart's blood. She had twined herself around his being like the slender^ verdant ivy around tha sturdy oak, closely linked leaf to leaf, not to be parted without hurt to either. His love for her had grown to be part of him, inextricable, inseparable—a blot, a stain upon the fair open page of her yonng life would have scorched into his soul, and he had racked his brain for devices to watch over her happiness like the dragon of folklore over the legendary hidden gold. His Angel loved this brave, handsome, young fellow to whom both he and she were indebted for the rescue of their lives. It was but natural and in the fit order of things that she would love him. It was the right ordaining of a just and kind providence. But, nevertheless, he felt that in promising to allow another to share that which he held most dear, he had left himself impoverished. Would his Angel love him as she now aid when her husband was there to claim her sunny smiles? What terrors lay hidden in that doubt! But he was prepared for the sacrifice, and though his voioe nigh failed him as he proposed it, he had never felt calmer than when he had got it over. " You're a darling, wise daddie," cried Miss Angel in her new-born happiness, "and you always know what is best." She cess3d the flow of her gladness when she saw that Underwood sat there mutely, undecidedly. "But," she exclaimed with dignity, "perhaps Mr. Uuderwood "' Pray don't misjudge me, Miss Kershaw,'' interrupted the young journalist. "If I fail In momentary warmth for this great joy which is promised me, it is not because I underrate its value. Such blessings do not come to men and leave them even-tempered. I hope, Mr. Kershaw, you have well weighed our conversation yesterday." " Full an' well, my boy," answered the old man. "It'll take me about a month to git things into shape, so that I can leave them safe in other hands. As soon aB that is done we're off to Yewrup. Now I'm goin' to leave yew, Yew can settle all that's necessary about the passages, an' the dress, an' the outfit, an' all the rest of it between yew, jest as yew like.'' Underwood might yet have hesitated, but he perceived in the millionaire's plan a wisdom and appreciation of facts of the highest order. The intervening year might do wonders. It was pardonable for him to hope that tha destroying scythe might perhaps cut short the criminal career of his terrible father. Who knew ? Any moment might bring a happy release. H Angelica Kershaw and he got married in Europe, they were rich enough to live there until such time as a return of his bogev was no longer to be dreaded. Daniel Kershaw was right, and the young man felt ever so grateful to him for having proved that he himself had been wrong. When they were alone, when for the first time they could unburden their hearts to one another without restraint, without fear of misunderstanding ; when they could unaffrightedly bask in the sunshine of their mutual happiness, brimful of the joy of to-day, of their glowing hope of the future; when they could sit quite close to one another and drink deep draughts of glad peace in one another's eyes, and could vow, hand in hand, each to the other that they would never, never change, nor in this world, nor ii all eternity; they forgot all about the arrange ments for the proposed journey, and neither o them as much as cast a thought upon such very mundane matters as steamer tickets, frocks, and like necessities. No happier young man lived that day Manhattan City than Hubert Underwood, as as he sat in the tram-car that was taking him to the office of his paper down town. He alighted at Union Square, the slightly oscillating movement becoming tedious to him, and walked swiftly along Broadway, glad to expand his chest and to move his limbs, as a safety-valve for his buoyant excitement. The long walk from Union Square to City Hall Park seemed but a dozen yards, so unconscious was he of the distance traversed. He was swinging along blithely across the Park towards the Spruce street entrance, not far from which the office of his paper was situated, when he jostled against a whitehaired, white-faced old man, with a short, scrubby aspect, who elbowed him aside roughly, with a curse. The young man was far too happy, however, to be irritated by trifles. He did not bestow so much as a glance upon the old man, whose equilibrium he had unconsciously dashed out of balance, and walked on with quick step until he reached his office. Not so the old man, the same old man who had on the previous day thrust his face between Daniel Kershaw and his content. When the old ruffian had delivered his rattling volley of oaths, he stood stock still, with his bright piercing eyes, staring, andhiB wicked half- toothless mouth wide open. "Mother o' Moses,'' he cried to himself. " It is. It ain't—it cayn't be—but I'm derned sure it is. Jumpin' Isaac ! what a find! An' me without a dime, an' nary a coat to my back. I mustn't loBe sight of him—not this time, I guess — never no more. How the young scoundrel has growedI'd swear to him, though." He dashed after the young journalist with much swifter energy than his decrepid, shrunken limbs would have warranted, dodging in and out between vehicles, keeping close to the buildings, and never for a moment allowing the young man to get more than ten yards ahead of him. When he saw young Underwood enter the office of the great journal, he gave a long whistle, and dived into the entrance of a warehouse nearly opposite. Let me see," he muttered. "What was the young good-for- nothen's name when I last cotcbed him in Kansas city ? I guess I shall be forgettin' my own name next. It wos Underwood. That's what it wos. _ Mary's maiden name. I've got to commooniket with Mr. Underwood. That's what I've got to do, I reckon. I've got to let him git awear as his fond an* loviu* father is alive an' kickin*— kickin' derned hard if it's got to be, I guess." The cellar beneath the warehouse, in the entrance of which Mr. Michael Turner—for it was he, of course—had found a temporary refuge, was occupied by a liquor and luncheon bar of invitine and prosperous appearance. Mr. Michael Turner, after carefully reconnoitring the surrounding bouses and those opposite, and assuring himsalf that the doorway where young Underwood had disappeared was the principal entrance leading to ma editorial department, descended into the regions below, where an elegant, well-stocked bar made vigorous and tempting appeals to his strong appetite for food and drink, an appetite which, nevertheless, had—for the moment at least -to be sternly repressed. The rotund and ruddy-faced Hibernian barkeeper ilid not relish his customer's unkempt and unwashed appearance. «To the divfl wid yez, and get out o' this' plaice. ice," he cried. " Shure an' it isn't the loikes o' yez that wants cocktails and gin- dings. Take I yer ugly faice out o' moi bar or Oi'll make it | uglier. Mr. Turner was not at all affrighted or affronted by this welcome, but grinned calmly at the irate eon of Erin, standing with 1 legs apart and arms akimbo. ."Is it the pepper-box yew've . swajlered, Pat?" he asked jeeringly, <'or is it the petroleum can as yew cayn't digest, an' ' as is bostin'? Yew'll be spilin' yewr complexion, yew will, if yew excite yewrself so indecent." " If . ye dont get out o* saoi bar," exclaimed the bar-tender, preparing to jump over the obstacle that separated him from his unwelcome customer " Oi'U chuck ye out." " Yew keep that pertater trap o'.yewrn shut. Yewr front teeth want filin' down, Pat," retorted the returned convict with an irritating onia* " I gnesB it ain't a crime to ask a civu question, an' if yew wos half a man, let alone a decent Irishman, yew wouldn t insult a poor man that comes to ask it, jest becos he's poor." The apoeal to his national characteristic of generosity partially appeased the barman's anger. " Ask yer question then," he cried, " an' let i me see the back o* yer head when ye ve asked J it." " Lord, I guessed as yew wosn't hall as snacky as yew made yewrself out to be," continued Mr. Michael Turner. " I ony wanted to know, if so be as yew would tell me, if Mr. Hubert Underwood is a-frequentin' this bar ?" "Mr. Underwood!" sneered the barman. Vat's Mr. Underwoodloike to do wid. a Jailfaice loike yez? Faix, an' vat should Oi be answerin' such a question for?" " Mr. Underwood is a perteekler friend o* mine," drawled Turner—" a very old friend, an' if he knowed as yew sassed me he'd be annoyed—very annoyed." The mention of the young journalist's name, however unauthorised it seemed, threw t measure of oil upon the troubled waters. " Mr. Underwood does come here," replied the bar-keeper doggedly," an* now ye can wait for him at the doore." " Thank vew kindly for yewr grate polite ness an' civility,'' responded the old man with burlesque bow. He had kept a lynx-like watch upon the entrance opposite, and besides gaining time to form a plan, he had assured limself by independent testimony that the jerson he had followed was really Hubert Tnderwood. While he was still watching and seeking for phrases wherewith to continue his wordy warfare, the young man of letters reappeared at the entrance opposite, and his fond parent flew up the short flight of steps as if he had been shot from a . Hubert walked with his usual briskness to the corner of William street. After following that street he rapidly turned the corner of Fulton street, the old convict in full pursuit all the while. The pavement was thronged, and the street full of vehicles. At the corner of Nassau street misfortune would have it that a couple of big vans laden with packing cases barred his way, and before the old man could pass this obstacle, the son had entered the rreat throbbing hive of Broadway and was lost x> sight. The old villain, in his rage at being thus baffled, sat himself down on a small bale of dry goods that was lying in the entrance of a warenouse, cursing ana swearing with such fury that he was peremptorily ordered away by a clerk. When he hesitated to obey that summons, he met with more energetic treatment than the bar-tender had meted out to him. An iron fist gripped him by the collar of his coat and flung him with contumely into the gutter, where only by a mercy of providence he escaped being run over and cruBhed by passing conveyances. He gathered himself together, scowling and threatening, and slunk away, bruised, muddy, and sore. There was no help for it. He was foiled for the moment, and he would have to play the waiting game. He would have to be humble, very humble; he would have to play the part of a poo*, unfortunate petitioner for alms, if need be; but he would find Mr. Hubert Underwood, and having found i he would fasten on him never si ht of him again He dodged oack into Fulton stro-sc. A little way down, a German fruit and provision merchant was standing at the entrance of his store. Good nature was marked all over his adipose faoe, and Mr. Michael Turner perceived at a glance that here he was likely to meet with generosity. He looked piteously at the Teuton. " Would yew be so very, very kind, sir," he whispered in his softest and most mellow tone, I " as to give a poor man as ain't got a cent a j sheet of paper an' an envelope Jo writs to his | ony son as doesn't know as his father has jest come out o' hospital, and is still very, very sick." The fat German looked the old rascal up and down dabiously. " Come in," he said, with a broad grin. " I guess you v oe » old boot you steals noddins here.' With that he led r. lurner o a little high desk and stool, and placed a sheet of paper and envelope, and pen and ink before him, crossing his arms whilst the white-headed ruffian, with the most woe-begone face imaginable, sat down and scribbled his note. When the epistle was written and the envelope closed and addressed, the old scoundrel turned out his pocket as if searching for coins that ought to have been stowed away there. " Oh, you knows very veil you not got noddins dare," laughed the provision merchant, " und if I give you dwendy-fife Bents you buy viskey. Here is dwendy-fife senls, you go and buy viskey." The doubly lucky rascal went away with profuse expressions of gratitude, calling upon the head of his benefactor all the blessing of a providence that had been bo unkind to him. Never had 60 small a sum as twenty- five cents reaped more fervent thanks and good wishes. Mr. Turner felt that he was on the high road to fortune when, with liis quarter of a dollar in his pocket, and hiB epistle in his haud, he entered the office of a tig journal. He was immediately accosted and stopped by a clerk. " Your business r" was the gruff demand. He remembered that humbleness was his best resource, and bent his neck to the rod. " Would yew please be so kind as to tell me if Mr. Underwood is in the office, an' if I can see him?" he asked. "Mr. Underwood ain't in, and you couldn't see him if he were," was the abrupt and decisive reply. "Could I leave this note for him, if yew please ?" he continued crlngingly. _ " You can leave the note for him and go, 1 ' was the answer he obtained. "I guess I've lost a day," he muttered to himself as he stepped into the street again, an* I've got to keep my eyes skinned now, day an' night. When he'll get away from me agin I guess he'll be clever—that he will." (TO BE CONTINUED.) 