A SOME LETTER. (From a Correspondent.) London, 30th January, 1S92. The account of Mr. Lawrence Irving's accident has set people thinking what caused such an accident as getting a bullet in one's left side to take place. It is believ ed that it was owing to a bitter intrigue be ing published, as to his acting in a play pro duced in Belfast. \- The latest Lyceum production, Henry Till., is as lavish in its appointments as usual. Mr. Irving writes saying the pro duction did not cost him £15,000 and that his expenses are not £300 a week, as stated by a daily paper. Last Wednesday I went to Aldridge's to see the sale of a batch of Canadian horses rc-eeEtly imported direct from Canada. They were the property of the Canadian Horse Trading Coy. Ltd., and were all sold without reserve. They had attracted great notice ; the yard wes crowded, and sales were as follows :— guineas, not pounds — 55, 47, 66, 23, 46, 79, 50, 115, 81, 43, 63, 61, 100, 40, 25, 101, 46, 98, 92, 80, 72, 31, 54, 9?, 66, 27, 72. 64, 47. These were a picked lot and stood 15 to 17 hinds ; all guaranteed quiet to ride, quiet iu harness, sound in wind and eyes. The above Company intend to sell every week until April, 50 horses, from April to August 100 and more if required. The cost. of freight is so trifling that it only costs 12 per cent, to bring horses from Canada and deliver them when told to their purchasers. A certain doctor declares influenza is iu human beings what pink-eye is in horses. Talking of men and horses it is a peculiar fact that although the horses of the Lon don Bus Companies are in many cases sufferers from influenza there has not been a single case of influenza amongst the drivers of the London Beard Car Company. Exposure to all sorts of weather seems to be the only preventative against the terri ble epidemic Mr. Wells is back again at Monte Carlo. His luck is out. lie has several times reached the maximum amount permit ted, bat has invariably lost his biggest stakes. His losses last Thursday and Friday amounted to 70,000 francs. On Saturday he did not play. On Monday he won a trifle. On Monday he visited the saloon but only played for short inter vals. On Tuesday he won, but Wednesday w.w him again-compelled to draw from the Bank. Mies Amelia fi. Edwards, the welt kcoWn novelist:, has received a Civil List pension for her recent work on Egyptian archseelogy. At Eastbourne preaching on tbe beach has Been forbidden, as the disturbances of bite have been of the most fierce nature. Proclaimers of the Gospel have been showered with rotten eggs and dead cats j the Mayor has forbiddeil anyone to held any description df religious meeting en the beach, or parade. The Pelican is responsible for this : — Great is the value ttf A natjJe-. Only the other day Mr. Rudyard Kipliag was an nnfcnown author ; now he is making so much money tkat he is actually in a position to decline a cheque for JE500 offered him for a two-column article by a Melbourne news paper. The subject of the article was a description of thi Melbourne Cup Kace — surely not a very difficult one — and the fact that Mr. Kipling declined the easy task only shows what a position he has attained within a comparatively short period. Now, if he bad been Mr. Smith or Mr. Jones, or any otter ordinary journalist, he would probably have been offered and paid £5 for the job. Nothing in these days pays belter than a short shilling' shudder' story. Mrs. Biddell has written twenty-eight novels and yet her authorship never exceed ed £270, a year. It is believed she will be given a Civil List pension. A gentleman now in England has receiv ed an offer from a London publisher to write a small book regarding an emigrant's chances of success in West Australia. '1 he first ten chapters are writen, and the first chapter entitled ' Who should go ?' begins as follows : 'After a long residence in West ern Australia, I have just re-visited Eng land. Tbe number of enquiries I have had from persons, cither intending to emigr te themselves or to send out relatives, has em boldened me to write a few chapters tin the country itself i the most profitable business es to engage in ; the amount of capital they require to carry them on successfully, and the best means to acquire the neces sary experience in the colony/' etc,, etc. The little book when published will be of the greatest benefit to intending emi grants, as there is scarcely any new* to be got of tbe Australian Cinderella. A lady from Western Australia has undertaken the correction of the little book, so I wish it every success. In Austria a Matrimonial Club has been instituted. The members of the Club, all good men and true and also rich, have all pledged themselves to marry a poor girl- each. In case, however, the members find the attention of portionless girls and widiws too overpowering, they have pro vided themselves of escape; for should they fall is love with a gul blessed with money, they may redeem their oath on payment of JE400. A further feature of the Club is to provide deserving but im pecunious couples who, after long engage ments, have still no prospect of setting up house, with a etui in life. America, ever to the fore in new-fangled notions, has started a new way for women proposing in leap year, snch as the present year is. It is to present tbe gpntleman of their choice with a scarf pin representing an interrogation point (thus ?) in Roman goM set with diamonds and turquoise. The following curious advertisements have recently appeared in London papers : — Will any Young Men who are dissatisfied with the position of their sex in the works of modern artists, communicate with Ad vertiser. It is desired to form a League, labouring to remedy the very injurious in fluence of modern ait en the sex. Of the purely inept advertisement the following is a pleasing example : 'Lady having care of Two Little Roys with fiingwerm wishes to meet with one or two others to share their educational advant ages.' 'Two- Sisters, returning to Tasmania, de sire very gratefully to thank tbe several Members of the City and Metropolitan Police Forces, from whom they received most courteous attention, both with regard to guidance and in the recovery of articles lost.' If these Tasmanian ladies were troublesome and lost a great variety of their belonging during their stay in Lon don, they would, perhaps, have done better to contribute the cost of the advertisement to one of the police benevolent funds. The coming Chicago's World Show is al ready attracting much attention in London, Pans, Berlin and other cities of Europe. I went to a lecture on 'Chicago and the forthcoming Columbian Exposition' at the Polytechnic. (It is nearly a quarter of a century since I was in that building list ening to Professor Pepper on Ghosts — he is now Professional Sain maker in Queens land.) The hall was crowded, numbers of persons being unable to obtain admission. Za the coarse of bis lecture, which was illustrated by some excellent photographic slides, Mr. Dredge pointed out some of the most conspicuous characteristics of Chicago, which, with its population of 1,200,600. has made such astonishing progress during the past 60 years, and which includes, among the big things for which tbe town is fam ous, a street 18 miles in length, with bui d ings twenty storeys high, in addition to its magnificent wbarvts, factories, parks, and public buildings. Mr. Dredge afterwards gave some stttistics as to the Exhibition itself in Jackson Park, and drew attention to vitwB representing 'he various departments, the area of v»hose roofing alone is estimated to cover 160 acres — equal in size to the combined area of the St. James's and Green Parks in London. The lecturer gare a detailed sketch of. the scheme and scope, organization, and ar rangement of the great American Exposi tion which will mark the close of the century and trusted that a large number would avail themselves of the excursions which are to be carried out in connection with the World's Fair next year, under the auspices of the Polytechnic, of which Mr. Quinton Hogg is the president. Sir P. Cunliffe-Owen dur ing the evening assured the meeting that English visitors would be received with the greatest hospitality at Chicago, and said that past experience of America left him nothing to criticise but everything to admire. He trusted that this spirit would generally animate those who proceeded to the United States next year, and if s - they would return greatly instructed and interested by their visit. After the lecture was over I was invited to supper at Krasnapolskis (the newest and grandest restaurant in England), with a party of American* — journalists, artists, and members of other professions. They were all more or less interested in the coming Show. From what I can gather Australia has as yet done nothing towards securing space. This is a great pity, for m my articles of consumption at present im ported into England from the Australian colonies are worthy of being shown any where. The wool from tbe Argentine is fetching a slightly higher price now than tbe Australian, and American produce is selling in advance of colonial. 