? The Paris correspondent of a London paper relates the following:— _ The gossips of Paris are now just full of one of those romances in ,real life on which they love to dwell. Not long ago there died at Versailles an aged nobleman named Thiac, who enjoyed the distinction of being the last admirer of Marie Antoinette, whose memory he worshipped up to hie last day. The passage of another unfortunate Qaeen thrcugh Paris a week agj^ has brought to light another similar case. Like the wife of Louis XVI., the Qaeen of to-day referred to has her anonymous admirer, whose love, although not attached to a shadow as was that of the late M. de Thiac, is none the leas without hope, as will be seen from the details which follow, and for some of which I am indebted to a writer in the Matin :— It appears that about a twelvemonth ago the Comte de P , a young nobleman of ancient family, gay, good-looking, and witty, possessing a large fortune, and, in addition, betrothed to a handsome youug lady of title, suddenly deserted the fashionable salons of which he waB one of the most brilliant frequenters, and, without informing either his parents or friends, set out for a long voyage. It was discovered that ho- had embarked at Marseilles for an unknown destination, but that was all. Of the cause of his abrupt departure nothing could bo ascertained. For several months he was the talk of the town, but eventually he became forgotten, and it was only recently that his name again turned up in society. It notv appears that at the time when the papers were taken up with the conjugal misfortunes of the Qaeen in question, the count, like many other peisons, followed with great interest the events which were happening in her country. Moved by a chivalrous sentiment he did not fail to espouse her cause, which had aroused the sympathy of the French. He made her acquaintance by means of the numerous portraits and biographies published of her. Hence it was that, when she was repudiated by her husband, and sought refuge in a foreign exile, the count, in a spirit of curiosity easy to understand, resolved to oome across her in order to see for once in his life the unhappy Qaeen in whose fate he felt so much concern. After many attempts he at length met her at Fontainnbleau one day when she was out in an open carriage. The red costume which she wore accentuated the paleness of her features, while her large black eyes overflowed with sad but sweet melancholy. Her beauty made a deep impression on the young count. Perhaps at that moment he recalled to mind the sublime devotion of those heroes of another age, when a glance from their sovereign sufficed to inspire them with the courage necessary for the accomplishment of great and glorious deed8. In any case, from that moment the character of the count changed completely without anybody knowing the motive. His name, fortune, and situation became insupportable to bim since the royal lady of his heart could not share them. Despairing of ever obtaining her favors, bo conceived the idea, quixotic but generous, of consecrating all he had to the organisation of a popular movement which would regaiu for her the throne of which she had been violently deprived. Bat the idea was never carried out. Why, nobody can say. Perhaps, like a sensible man, he ultimately perceived the ridiculous and impracticable side of such an adventure, and blamed himself for indulging in such an audacious dream; perhaps, also, some asexpected doception stopped short his gallant ardour. At the end of a voyage, destined to make himself forgotten, the count characteristically returned to Paris, and renouncing his name, friends, pleasures of the world, and the brilliant position to which he was entitled, shut himself up in a small apartment on the left bank of the Seine. From that date his apartment has been turned into a veritable museum of souvenirs relating to the youug and unhappy Qaeen on whom he had affixed his affections. Besides numerous portrai's and biographies and bonks connected with her history, tho count possesses a collection of other objects, • tha majority of no value to the pcofa:ie, but prccious to 'iiai, which he has spr- rad no piins iu ncquinn;!; &t; often fabulous prices. All tbtrse cherished memautoss are carefully labtl'el and catalogued and eliut up iu cupboards, tho doors of which are oo!y open when, discouraged and despairing, he feels the want of placing himself iu communication with tho rolics of his fair love to cheer and strengthen him, Daring his leisure hours he has written his memoirs, in which he describes his secret and fruitless affection for the Queen, accompanied by notes of a certain historical value, all composed in picturesque language. Two volumes are already finished, and willba published, but when, nobody, not even himself, knows. Some fragments of them, however, have been shown to the writer in tho Matin, who eays that they ar9 sincere and touching, and interesting from many points of view. They contain, too, a curious analysis of the singular passion that has taken possession of him, and which is as deep and fervent as ever, in spite of the hopelessness of ever realising it. Rarely does he leave his apartment, and when he does it is merely to take a short stroll in the gardens of the Luxembourg. So changed is he thit his most intimate friends of yore fail to recognise him as he walks along wrapped in thought, with his eyes dull and sunken and his face pale as a ghost. At times he will draw from his breast pocket a small golden locket and gaz9 on its contents—the portrait of tha Queen whom he has vowed to worship till his last dying moments, after which it will be placed in his coffin on his heart. _ 