PSIMITIVE MEtHODIST CONNEXION. TU?nare' So-rnG. The eselion of the Soathern Queenlsland dis triot meeting of the Primitive Methodist ono axion was continued in the cherch, East street, on Tuesday last. The firot busineen done was the receipt of the district examiners' (Raea. P. Aston and W. Faulkner) report on the ease of the Rev. J. E. Niholeon, candidate for the fullminitry. The report was highly commendatory, and the candidate was heartily and noanimonsly recommensded for the ap proved list. A long disoussion then took place in reference to the applicstion of a minister in the -ockhamptoo district to be transferred to the Brisbane dietriot, when it was found, after full considera tion, that the district meeting was unable thir year to acoede to the request, as no one was willing to go to the North to take up the place vacated, and it was resolved that a tele gram be seent. conveying the decision of the meetting The finoanoial position of the Mieionary and Cooporation Committees was ehown to be better this ysear than last, notwith standing the grmeat depresion in commercial affairn. The report and synoptical aooonnt of the Boildoig Committee were received and adopted. The statatisieal report of the Distriot abbeth School Committee wae also received and adopted, the report ehowlag that there had bsenoueniderable?ooreeoia kohools, teauhere, sehblair, and fnnds during the past year. Thbe xaminer' report on the probationers' balf-yearly exsmiaatione was received and adopteo4 ad the anecerafol oendidstee were pa ned eto the aent year. The new list of ea aruanged for by the British Conferenue -of last year, which Ie to form the ourriculoum of the prohationer in future, was adopted for -Qoueenelad. Zn the evenint a vary nucOeefal tea-meeting was held. T?hle was eo numeronely attended that it neceseitated four sittings at the large tables provided before the edibles had beeso -iapoed of to the atisfaction of all present. The Ipswich table we preniled over by fesdames Taylor and Frederiohsoen, aseieted ty Mimes Pond, Harrison, Auld, Major, and monet I the 8lkatone table by Measdames Den sing and Fawdery, aeseisted by Miss Pedley and eynolds ; the Bandanbha table by Mrs. Soy moar, Miss 8Sarborough,. and the Missee Seymoer and the Basin Pooket table by Meadnmes Campbell and Follelove, assisted by Ridsee Bashford and ompbell. These ladies al workbed with the moat praieworthy nEas throughout, and certainly deserved the enlo giums and spoalt vote of thanke tendered to them at the oonolueion of the meeting. An adjournment was then made to the Con gregational Churoh, where speech.making wao thes order of the day-or rather of the night. T?T?ere wa an eoepotionally largelandienoce, the chiroh being filled with people from all de aominations. Mr. John Maolarlane, M.L.A., oenoupied the chair, on the platform also being the epeakere for the evenlng and the Rev. J. ?A. Taylor. After a beautifnl seleotion had teen given by the choir, The tCaaszo eaid that he was very glad to be ia the politieon that they had placed him, -nd to sese many members of other ehurehee aoming together to fraternises with their PrimiltveMethodist friesods. In the past, dis union had done a lot for the ohurohbee by reting a s:healthy rivalry that made them work all the more etrennosly. Before the time of the Puritans the churob appeared to be in a somewhat tlanguid elate, but as son as divnlon arone it went forward rapidly. He ~thoughtit would be well for the churches still to have these divijione, but to federate on some common tine, in order to tryand bring a en. ited Chrietian Infl8oene to bear upon those that were now onutelide the pale of the church. Thetr. i Hoow ur math eddreed ths an og en the eubject of new theology. We wee liring, he mid, in a world of aooil, poll. tosL and religions change. In the religious world, within the leatlew yeare, there had been what might te termed a theological truoni tion, but what he was afraid in many places neant a complote omeraselt of religiose ,rinoiples, under the deelgnationlof "anew theology," He did not profe?s to anderetand them taries of somaw-ritem on this subject, but at the eame time he had epough intelligene -to understand the plain epekaUg of the Scriptme, ned could jedge of their power rom hi bwn elg oa expero nee. Heo knew that Chriet Divine bemnese be bed done tor him what ahuman beingonuld not do. He had aofall degree f eympathy with that form of oritioiem that sought to eparate error from truth, hut he ODuld not in any way cympathisre with that critioism that was Iall- destrouctive, and sought to pull op the wheat with the tares. This wes en age in whiuh men thought for themelves, and msnt haore evidence as to Sreligious belief before accepting it. While bthe w n e vygood thing, themre was the \--?ge of eite goig to extremes. Though it *bt be true that the old theology did not go aenough, on the other hand the new went toofar. The old theology had been too oanti -n in some things, and would not go near the preciploe, but the new had gone too near it, ost ite balance, and fallen right over. One of his charges against the new theology was that it placedtoolistle importanoe opon oreed, and too mooh upon life. It was a favourite expre. elon of its followere that it did not matter a bout reed, if the life wee right. Thise was an evident fellacy for oreed lay at the foundation of a right life . Beligion w- 'c reed cet on fire," sod It might just u well be said thatit did not matter what fel weuaedforaor firesas toeay thatitdid notmatterwhtereedwewereof. We might have that ftel in our life that would not contain enough troth to blanish inftrom it. A Ita theology prodnued a hla morality. It sight be true that the new theology aimed to produce a right life, but there would be just as mnuah wisdom in maying that an apple tree which had neither bloseome nor leaves aimed to redoouce apples. An American paper bad -aid that to prodnes the new theology al that was wanted wan to take a little of Carlyle and Emereon, and serve it up with bite of Scrip. tnre, added to selections from Tennyeon and -othere, The worteof it all, however, was, that eryoftenthe"biiteofSoriptore"werenotadded, Anytheology that tended to destroy the saving power of Jesus Christ and Him orucified was destroetive in its tendency. Inthetime of the Amerioan war, some people took down a lead ettans of King George, and made it into b?ullete with which to abshoot his soldiers. This was on spar with the notlions of the new theo. toginne. Sharpened by the teaching of the Bible, they endeevoured to ure the power thus gained against it. Sir Isaao Newton, who weas very absent-minded, once commanded his oervant to remove the fire from the room in which he was sitting beoanee it was too warm f~or him. The servant snggested that it would be much easior for him to move his chair back a bit, and he laughingly replied that he had never thought of that. In the same way the ?ew theologiansendeavouredtodestroythe idea of the existence of hell, bht it would be much better if they neused their influence in warning people to keep away from it, (Applause). The Rev. P. Asroo, following up the Chair. mnan's remarks, said that it would be a great aoroe of strength if the Christian Churches came nearer together for co-operation in their gnreat work. They were right in trying to promote the interests of Christianity for a variety of reasons., He had perceived that where the word of God freely circulated the motions advanced in cirilization end social etstnues, and the tendency of those where the Bible weas excluded was to go down. He need only refer to the natione of Europe ae an illus tration of this. Since the day that Martin Lunther shook the German nation to its heart there had been a marvellous advance, and to day it woas rekonked as one of the great nations of the world. On the other hband, Spain, which had crushod out the Bible, was once one of the greoat powers of Europe, but now it had snok down in the scale till it was only reckoned as one of the third or fourth-rate nations. There tonet be something in the power of Christianity that exalted a nation. The men that were the greatest in the world had taken the word of God as their guide, re oeived its truths, and lived according to its teahbings. Then again some of our greatent statesmen were men who loved and revered the word of God, and were not ashamed of their convictions, while solentists and leaders of thought took the Bible as their teacher, and sought to harmonise their lives socording to its teacohing. Men arked why they shbould trouble themselves about the spread of Christianity ? Brcansoee not only was it the Divine command, but the general consent of humanity that they should give to others that which they had received so must benefit by themselves. The Gospel of Jesse was the only cure for the ills that humanity was heir to. They most save men by ohanging their hearts and casting out their evil spirits by the blessed influence of Christ, and thee, "clothed and in their right minds" they would sit at His feet. (Applanse.) The Rev. W. SMrrm said that the question really was "Do we want a new Gospel!" Would it be well for us to part from the old friend and Gospel that we believed to be good news from God the Father, concerning God the Son, and inspired by tbhe Holy Ghost! It weeas only right to speak well of the old, if it had dones good service, saod it must be admitted that the Gospel had aooomplished some splendidthingsforthe humanrace. Christianity found the world in a nd state, for Roman law and Greek philosophy had not done much for the people. With Ohristianity camethe birth of a new spirit of love, and in three centuries a mighty revolution was aooomplished by it. The "homs," a we knew it, was the creation of Christianity, and f it had not been for it Burns would never have been able to write that beautiful poem 5 The Cotter's Saturday night." Then the Gosel had conferred on woman the rights of womanhood sooh as were entirely an known in heathen lands. In its application it was infinitely dear, and tender, and cloue, and coniderate. A BHiodoo woman had said that the Gospel must have been written by one of her own sex, beoasne it oontained so many kind things about women, while their religion tried to keep them down. While it uttered no direct protest against slavery the new spirit that it brought with it and fostered, had practically meant the redemption of the slave. This same spirit had done a great deal in oonneotion with the political laws and the variety of institetionos that were now grecing and blessing the world. Christ was the greatest sooialist that ever lived, and every bristian was a socialist if he only knew it. There was in the present day, however, a materialistio sooialism that ignored the higher side of men's nature, and talked less about his soen than about giving his body a ohance, Make amanse' surroundings better by all means, bet do not mis his sent. A religion that did not tenoh man to look to his future, took away the best aide of his nature. This bringing of men into a position of external equality, that some people talked of, was like saring that all men without clothes would be equal. A gospel that was not tied to the throne of God could never save the world. Whit the world needed was not a new gospel or a new theology, but the old gospel with more of the fervour of appliation of olden times, The modern gospel did not appeal snfioiently to the oonoienosee, and let go much of the wholesome naeaenary element of fear. He had no sympathy with the cold ranting sermons on hellfire and brimstosne, but be lieved that, by appealing to mens' oonsoienoees, they oolnid preach retribution to the people in a way that would be more terrible than by these oldmethods. Bermons, without plenty of the love of God in them, would not do muok. That gospel most bs applied to the progressive thought of the age, and there must now and again be sortof a re statement of Christian truth, or a presenting of it in thonght and language suitable to the age. In oconcinsion, he asked those who believed that a new gospel wae not neseacy to hold ap their hands, and this met with a unanimons response from the audienoe. The Bev. T. Pownr, (of Toowoomba) then gpve a stirring addressa This was, he samid, en age of retlessness and change, and some people thought that there was likely to be a collapse of truth, and that the spiritual heavenss woold fall, bat the deepe?at conviction that he had was that there was no need foralarmin that direotion. Abraham Lincooln was oose wakened ost of hi sleep by a servant who wanted him to come out quiokly, as "the stars were falling." The old stateman hurried tb the door, and eaw a number of fiery elements in the air, bat behind them the constellations tillihining brightly, and he went back to bed agai, syang there was no fear. He (the speker) coald still see the spiritnal oonstella. ous bshining brightly. (Applanse.) Voltaire sid that the Bible wonld boecome obhnslete dur ing the present contary. We were very near the end of it now, and there were never more Bibles read than at the present. (Applanoe.) It might as well be sid "What had suannshine dones for the univeres," uas "What had Christianity done for the world." Pro fessor Tyndall by submitting vegetation toa certain proones that killed the germs of life had proved that apontaneous genesration was nnkown, and i agostieosand other theorists could be submitted to something of a similar prooess, it would be found that say thing of life orgood that was contained in their theories had come from Obritianity. This speaker weas vigorously appiaqded during the course of his forcible remarks. At the oonslnsion of the addresses votes of thanks to the pastor and deaoona of the Con gregational Church for ao kindly placing it at the disposal of their brethren; to the ladies; to the choir; and to the chairman terminated the prooeedingl. thDPring thsinterva between the addresses, a choir, under the leadaership of Mr. G. Walker, very creditably rendered approprlate hymns and selotions. The soloparte by Miss Watera (Goodna), Miss Bird (Bandanba), Mr. Baokley (Goodna), Mirs E. Wood (Ipwihob). and two little boys from Goodna were especially worthy of mention. YEScE?osY's SnsIOw. Yesaterday's sittings were opened with the suenal devotional exercises. The affairs of the defueonot Queemland Primitive Mettodist were disossead, and an opinion was expressed that another paper should be started. An appeal was presented by severalof the younger minis tersn against the decision of the last English Confereoce in relation to the "Travelling Preaohers' Friendly Sooiety," which was adopted. At night time, a missionary meeting was held in the Primitive Methodist Church, East street, at which there was a very good attend aoce. Mr. Littlaton presided, with him on the platform being Mr. T, Harding, of Toowong. Seicral of the ministers were present, and the band occupied a position in front of the plat form, and some instrumental selections were, during the evening, submitted to an apprecia tire company. The Chairman delivered a abort address, sand was followed by Mr. HARDIsoc, who spoke on the great work thut there was before the church in this colony, and the need of funds to carry on euch work uccessfully. The Rev. W. PowosL, then read the annuol miessionary report, which he said most certamnly be considered eatiefactory. He was glad to say that they had had grand auccess all along the line. They had increaseed in member ship in Sunday Bcboole, and had re. duced the missionary debt. (Hear. hear, and applause.) The balance-eheet showed that, at the beginning of the year, they had a debit balance of £342 19. 10d,, whilst it now stood at £302 Oe. 9d., thus showing a reduction of £40 13s. Id. He op pealed for help in the way of still further de creasing the omount. After a selection by the band, Mr. Moon. nousc detailed the work being done by the asscoistion, and made a most earnest appeal for assistance. The Revo. W. FAULKrR at come lenplh spoke on the necessity for anch aeociety as the " Primitive Methodist Missionary Society." Jo Queensland there were nineteen trwnehips in which there were no Christia.n Churches of any sect, and seventern others to which Christian ministers very rarely paid a viait. I, that wm y it woeas estimated that between 40,000 and 50,000 people in Q ,eensland were either wholly or very imperfecotly provided for by the Christian Churobes of th:a colony, and that wasee the lowest possible estimate. The society could not be said to be overlapping, as they were engaged in honest pioneer work, and he ape'aled to all to help them in the matter. Tne Rev. J PRowsE followed, and opoks on the tood that toe eoolety were doing. The Rove. W. and F. PeweLL having en goged in prayer, the Rev. T. Knoxor delivered a bshort and impreanive address. "Rook of Ages" was then anng, and a ahort prayer meet. ing was held, the meeting being brought to a clono by the prononniong of the hbenoediction, 