St. Peter's Church, East Maitland COMMEMORATION SERVICE. Last Thursday night, the service in St. Peter's Church, East Maitland, in commemoration of the opening of the new edifice seven years ago, was poorly attended in consequence of the marked in- clemency of the weather. The special reason for choosing at this time to commemorate the opening was that a number of memorial windows have just been placed in position. We appand below a de- scription of these, which are a great addition to the attractiveoess of the church, giving colour and tone to an interior formerly rather cold and monotonous. The service, which was fully choral, was intoned by the Rtiv. E. A. Anderson, B.A., of St. Paul's, West Maitland. The other clergymen who took part in the service were the Ven. Archdeacon Tyrrell, B.A., incumbent of the church ; the Rev. R. E. Goddard, B.A., incumbent of St. James', Morpeth; the Rev. C. F. Withey, incumbent of Mount Vincent, and the Rev. W. K. Colyer. The Bishop of the Diocese was preacher. The opening hymn was 391 A. & M. " Onward, Christian Soldiers ยก" the proper Psalms were Ps. xv, lxxxir, and cxxii. The Rev. B?. E. Goddard read the first lesson I Kings, viii, 22 ; and the Rev. G. F. Withey, the second lesson, Hebrews x, 1-26. The Canticles were taken to Bridgewater ; the Anthem was the Hallelujah Chorus from The Messiah ; the hymn before sermon was 242 A. & M., and during the offertory Miss Cobcroft sang " 0 Rest in the Lord." In his sermon, the Bishop chose for text Ps. xxvi, 8, " Lord, I have loved the habitation of thy house and the place where thy honour dwelleth." He discovered a similarity between the celebration of such an anniversary as that, and the commemoration of the birthday of an individual. In each case the dhief interest of the ceremony was associated with experiences, with evidences of growth and development. One of the modern sciences waB that of sociology, the study of the law of association. In obedience to this law it was that in societies of all kinds personalities fitted into each other, be- came fused, merged, into a whole which acted as one,--as a nation, or as a community, or as a church. The nation, the community, the church was not united as a commercial syndicate is united, but the tie between the members was that of affinity of sympathy in a common end. In such an union of personalities each unit exerted some in- fluence upon the society or community and was in turn influenced by it. Between the members and the body and the body and the members there waa a constant interaction. Addressing the congrega- tion as members of a church, of a spiritual society, he aaked them to examine themselves and say what they contributed .to the building up of the spiritual edifice. Something they must each contribute, and they should see what St. Paul meant when he spoke of building on gold and silver, and contrasted these gifts with wood, hay, and stubble. The members were in turn acted upon by the church, and the value of the influence of the church would be pre- cisely in proportion to its healthy spiritual Btate. If the church was open to all the progressive move- ments of the age, if its atmosphere waa laden with spiritual ozone which men might breathe to their advantage, if it welcomed the beautiful in music and the other arts, to make itself attractive, then its influences would be wholesome and inspiring. They should not shrink from taking of the beautiful and using it in adornment of the church. Justas a father accepta from his little child a nosegay the child gathers in the father's own garden, so God will accept from us the flowers which are His own, provided that the gift is offered in gratitude and devotion. He trusted that the Church of St. Peter would from that time start on a fresh career of usefulness ; and, forgetting the things that are behind and reaching forth into those things which are before, preBS toward the mark for the prize of the high calling of God in Christ Jesus. The service closed with benediction pronounced by the Bishop. The side window openings are eleven in number, and are now filled with a series of pictures representing incidents in the life of St. Peter. Entering the church at the western door, the visitor sees on the right hand the beginning of the series. It repre- sents the calling of Peter and Andrew from their occupation as fishermen, and the teifc beneath the picture is '* Follow Me, and I will make you fishers of men." The second window depicts the miracu- lous draught of fishes, and St. Peter kneeling at the Saviour's feet, saying, " Depart from me, for I am a sinful man, O Lord." Third comes a double representation : first is a picture of St. Peter and the beloved disciple John at the tomb on the morning of the resurrection " and he, stooping down, and looking in, saw the linen clothes lying." Secondly is a representation, after the Holy Ghost had descended on the Day of Pentecost, of St. Peter addressing the people of Jerusalem, to remind them of the promise " I will pour out My Spirit upon all flesh." The fourth window depicts the death of Sapphira t St. Peter's profession before the high priest-*' We ought to obey God rather than men;" and his rebuke of Simon the sorcerer, " Eepent therefore of this thy wickedness." Two subjects are contained in the fifth window-the cutting off by St. Peter of the servant's ear, which drew forth Christ's command, "Put up thy sword again into his place;" and the Transfiguration-" And he was transfigured before them." In the sixth window St. Peter is shown having caught a fish from whose mouth he is drawing a piece of money, to comply with Jesus' command to render to Ctesar the things that are Ccesar's. Thus we are brought to the three chancel windows, which have been in their place for some time. They represent severally the Nativity, the Crucifixion, and the Ascension. In the seventh side window St. Peter is represented I asseverating " Yea, Lord thou knowest that I love I thee j" and receiving the mandate " Feed My ' I lambs; feed My sh^ep." The subject of the eighth picture is the raising of Dorcas, "Tabitha, arise," Acts ix, 40. In .the ninth window JesnB ia seen blessing little children: "Suffer littlo children and forbid them not to come unto Me, for of such is the Kingdom of Heaven." Three subjects are included in the tenth window. The first is the vision of St. Peter, in whioh he was made to realise that the Gentiles too had part in the Great Salvation : " What God hath cleansed that call not thou common."' The second shows the Centurion telling Peter how is a dream he was bidden send for the apostle, eliciting from Peter the declaration " Of a truth I perceive that God is no respecter of persons." The third represents the deliverance of St. Peter from prison by the agency of an angel : " Go, stand, and speak in the temple to the people." The eleventh window shows St P< ter healing the lame and the sick at the Beautiful Gate of the Temple, and in dancer of sinking when he goes to meet his Master walking on the water. " Lord, save me." The rioh colouring of the pictures, the effective drawing of the figures, the beautiful facial expression of the characters represented, the shading and the toning and local surroundings confer a great value upon this serieB of storied windows. As has been already remarked, they add greatly to the beauty of a church, which for graceful proportions and finish and ecclesiastical character is among the finest buildings in the diocese. It will presently be our pleasure to describe a notable addition to its interior adornment, in tbe shape of a reredos, to be erected by the liberal hand of some of the wealthier parishioners. 