OUR NOVEL. NADA THE LILY. BY H. RIDER HAGGARD. COPYRIGHT, 1891, BY H. RIDER HAGGARD. [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.) CHAPTER I. (Continued.) THE BOY CHAKA PROPHESIES. While my mother talked I and the cow with the white face stood still and watch- ed and the baby Baleka cried aloud. The boy, Unandi's son, having taken the gourd, did not offer the water to his mother. He drank two thirds of it him- self; I think he would have drunk it all had not his thirst been slaked; but when he had done he gave what was left to his mother, and she finished it. Then he took the gourd again, and came forward, holding it in one hand ; in the other he had a short stick. "What is your name, boy?" he said to me as a big rich man speaks to one who is little and poor. "Mopo is my name," I answered. "And what is the name of your people?" I told him the name of my tribe, the Langeni tribe. "Very well, Mopo; now I will tell you my name. My name is Chaka, son of Senzangacona, and my people are called the Amazulu. And now I will tell you something more. I am little today, and my people are a little people. But I shall grow big, so big that my head will be lost in the clouds; you will look up and you will not see it. My face will blind you; it will be bright like the sun, and my people will grow big with me; they shall eat up the whole world. And when I am big and my people are big, and we have stomped the earth flat as far as men can travel, then I will remember your tribe-the tribe of the Langeni, who would not give me and my mother a cup of milk when we were weary. You see this gourd; for every drop it will hold the blood of a man shall flow-the blood of one of your men. But because you gave me the water I will spare you and you only, and make you great under me. You shall grow fat in my shadow. You alone I will never harm, however you sin against me; that I swear. But for that woman," and he pointed to my mother, "let her make haste and die, so that I do not have to teach her what a long time death can take to come. I have spoken." And he ground his teeth and shook his stick towards us. My mother stood still awhile. Then she gasped out: "The little liar! He speaks like a man, does he? The calf lows like a bull. I will teach him another note-the brat of an evil prophet!" And putting down Baleka, she ran at the boy. Chaka stood quite still till she was near; then suddenly he lifted the stick in his hand, and hit her so hard on the head that she fell down. After that he laugh- ed; turned, and went away with his mother. These, my father, were the first words that I heard Chaka speak, and they were words of prophecy, and they came true. The last words I heard him speak were words of prophecy also, and I think that they will come true. Even now they are coming true. In the one he told how the Zulu people should rise. And say, have they not risen? In the other he told how they should fall ; and they will fall. Do not the white men gather themselves together even now, against U'Cetywayo as vulturee gather round a dying ox. The Zulus are not what they were to stand against them. Yes, yes, they will come true, and mine is the song of a people that is doomed. But of these other words I will speak in their place. I went to my mother. Presently she raised herself from the ground and sat up with her hands over her face. The blood from the wound the stick had made ran down her hands on to her breast, and I wiped it away with grass. She sat for a long-while thus, while the child cried, the cow lowed to be milked, and I wiped away the blood with the grass. At last she spoke to me. "Mopo, my son," she said, "I have dreamed a dream. I dreamed that I saw the boy Chaka who struck me: he was grown like a giant. He stalked across the mountains and the veldt, his eyes blazed like the lightening, and in his hand he shook a little assegai that was red with blood. He caught up people after people in his hands and tore them, he stamped their kraals flat with his feet. Before him was the green of summer, behind him the land was black as when the fires have eaten the grass. I saw our people, Mopo: they were many and fat, their hearts laughed, the men were brave, the girls were fair ; I counted their child- ren by hundreds. I saw them again, Mopo. They were bones, white bones, thousands of bones tumbled together in a rocky place, and he, Chaka, stood over the bones and laughed till the earth shook. Then, Mopo, I saw you grown a man. You alone were left of our people. You crept up behind the giant chaka, and with you came others, great men of a royal look. You stabbed him with a little spear, and he fell down and grew small again; he fell down and prayed for mercy. But you cried in his ear a name the name of Baleka, your sister-and he died. Let us go home, Mopo, let us go home; the darkness falls." So we turned and went home. But I held my peace, for I was afraid, very much afraid." CHAPTER II. MOPO IS IN TROUBLE. Now, I must tell how my mother did what the boy Chaka had told her, and died quickly. For where his stick had struck her on the forehead there came a sore that would not be healed, and in the sore grew an abscess, and the abscess ate inwards till it came to the brain. Then my mother fell down and died, and I cried very much, for I loved her, and it was dreadful to see her cold and stiff, with not a word to say however much I called to her. Well, they buried my mother, and she was soon forgotten. I only remembered her, nobody else did-not even Baleka, for she was too little-and as for my father he took another young [The sole right of publication in West Aus- tralia has baan purchased by the proprietors.] wife, and was content. After that I was very unhappy, for my brothers did not love me, because I was stronger and taller than they, and had greater skill with the assegai, and was swifter, in run- ning ; so they poisoned the mind of my father against me and he treated me badly. But Baleka and I loved each other, for we were both lonely, and she clung to me like a creeper to the only tree in a plain, and I, though I was young, learned this : that to be wise is to be strong, for though he who holds the assegai kills, yet he whose mind directs the battle is greater than he who kills. Now, I saw that the witchfinders and medicinemen were fear- ed in the land, and only a stick in their hands, ten men armed with spears would fly before them. Therefore I determined that I would be a witchdoctor, for they alone can slay those they hate with a word. So I learned the arts of the medicinemen. I made sacrifices, I fasted in the veldt alone, I did all those things you have heard, and I learned much; for there is wisdom in our magic as well as lies-and you know it, my father, else you had not come here to ask me of your lost oxen. So things went on till I was twenty years of age-a man full grown. By now I had learned all I could learn of myself, so I joined myself on to the chief medicineman of our tribe, who was named Norna. He was old, had one eye only, and was very clever. Of him I learned some tricks and more wisdom, but at last he grew jealous of me and set a trap to catch me. As it chanced, a big man of a neighbouring tribe had lost some cattle, and came with gifts to Noma praying him to smell them out. Noma tried and could not find them, his magic failed him. Then the headman grew angry and demanded back his gifts ; but Noma would not give np that which he once had held, and hot words passed. The head- man said that he would kill Noma ; Noma said that he would bewitch the headman. "Peace," I said, for I feared that blood would be shed. " Peace, and let me see if my snake will tell me where the cattle are?" "You are nothing but a boy," answered the headman. " Can a boy have wisdom?" "That shall soon be known," I said, taking the bones in my hand. "Leave the bones alone!" screamed Noma. "We will ask nothing more of our snakes for the good of this son of a dog." "He shall throw the bones," answered the headman. " If you try to stop him I will let sunshine through you with my assegai," and he lifted his spear. Then I made haste to begin ; I threw the bones. The headman sat on the ground before me and answered my ques- tions. You know of these matters, my father-how sometimes the witch doctor has knowledge of where the lost things are, for our ears are long, and sometimes his Ehlosé tells him, as but the other day it told me of your oxen. Well, in this case, my snake stood up. I knew nothing of the man's cattle, but my Spirit was with me and soon I saw them all, and told them to him one by one, their colour, their age-everything. I told him, too, where they were, and how one of them had fallen into a stream and lay there on its back drowned, with its forefoot caught in a forked root. As my Ehlosé told me so I told the headman. Now, the man was much pleased, and said that if my magic was good, and he found the cattle, the gifts should be taken from Norna and given to me ; and he ask- ed the people who were sitting round, of whom they were many, if this was not just. "Yes, yes," they said, it was just, and they would see that it was done. But Noma sat still and looked at me evilly. He knew that I had made a true divina- tion, and he was very angry. It was a big matter; the herd of cattle were many, and, if they were found where I had said, then all men would hold me the greater wizard. Now it was late, and the moon had not yet risen, therefore the herdman said that he would sleep that night in our kraal, and at the first light would go with me to the spot where my snake said the cattle were. After that he went away. I too went into my hut and lay down to sleep. Suddenly I awoke, feeling a weight upon my breast. I tried to start up, but something cold pricked my throat. I fell back again and looked. The door of the hut was open, the moon lay low on the sky like a ball of fire far away. I could see it through the door, as its light crept into the hut. It fell upon the face of Noma the witchdoctor. He was seated across me, glearing at me with his one eye, and in his hand was a knife. It was that which I had felt prick my throat. "You whelp whom I have bred up to tear me!" he hissed into my ear, "you dared to divine where I failed, did you? Very well, now I will show you how I serve such puppies. First, I will pierce through the roots of your tongue, so that you cannot squeal, then I will cut you to pieces slowly, bit by bit, and in the morn- ing I will tell the people that the spirits did it because you lied. Next, I will take off your arms and legs. Yes, yes, I will make you like a stick! Then I will" - And he began driving in the knife under my chin. "Mercy, my uncle," I said, for I was frightened and the knife hurt. "Have mercy, and I will do whatever you will!" "Will you do this?" he asked, still pricking me with the knife. "Will you get up, go and find the dog's cattle and drive them to a certain place, and hide them there?" and he named a secret Valley that was known to very few. "If you do that, I will spare you and give you three of the cows. If you refuse or play me false, then, by my father's spirit I will find a way to kill you!" "Certainly I will do it, my uncle," I answered. " Why did you not trust me before? Had I known that you wanted to keep the cattle, I would never have smelt them out. I only did so fearing lest you should lose the presents." "You are not so wicked as I thought," he growled. "Get up, then, and do my bidding. You can be back here two hours after dawn." So I got up, thinking all the while if I should try to spring on him. But I was without arms, and he had the knife ; also, if, perchance. I had prevailed and killed him, it would have been thought that I had murdered him, and I should have tasted the assegai. So I made another plan. I would go and find the cattle in the valley where I had smelt them out, but I would not bring them to the secret hiding place. No; I would drive tbem straight to the Kraal, and denounce Noma before the chief, my father, and all the people. But I was young in those days, and did not know all the heart of Noma. He had not been a witch doctor till he grew old for nothing. Oh ! he was evil ! -he was cunning as a jackal, and fierce as a wolf. He had planted me by him like a tree, but he meant to keep me clipped like a bush. Now I had grown tall and overshadowed him, and therefore he would root me up. I went to the corner of my hut, Noma watching me all the while, and took a kerrie and a small shield. Then I started through the moonlight. Till I was past the kraal I glided along quietly as a shadow. After that, I began to run, singing to myself as I went, to frighten away the ghosts, my father. For an hour I travelled swiftly over the plain, till I came to the hillside where the bush began. Here it was very dark under the shade of the trees, and I sang londer than ever. At last I found the little buffalo path that I sought, and turned along it. Presently I came to an open place, where the moonlight crept in between the trees. I knelt down and looked. Yes ! my snake had not lied to me ; there was the spoor of the cattle. Then I went on gladly till I reached a dell through which the water ran softly, sometimes whispering and sometimes talking out loud. Here the trail of the cattle was broad : they had broken down the ferns with their feet and trampled the grass flat. Presently I came to a pool. I knew it-it was the pool my snake had shown me. And there at the edge of the pool floated the drowned ox, its foot caught in a forked root. All was just as I had seen it. I stepped forward and looked round. My eye canght something; it was the faint grey light of the dawn glinting on the cattle's horns. As I looked, one of them snorted, rose and shook the dew from his hide. He looked big as an elephant in the mist and twilight. Then I collected them all-there were seventeen-and drove them before me down the narrow path back towards the kraal. Now the daylight came quickly, and the sun had been up an hour when I reached the spot-where I should turn if I wished to hide the cattle in the secret place, as Noma had bid me. But this I would not do. No, I would go on to the kraal with them, and tell all men that Noma was a thief. Still, I sat down and rested awhile, for I was tired. As I sat, I heard a noise, and looked up. There, over the slope of the rise, came a crowd of men, and leading them was Noma, and by his side the headman who owned the cattle. I stood still, wondering ; but as I stood, they ran towards me shouting and waving sticks and spears. "There he is!" screamed Noma. "There he is !-the clever boy whom I have brought up to bring shame on me. What did I tell you? Did I not tell you that he was a thief ? Yes-yes ! I know your tricks, Mopo, my child ! See ! he is stealing the cattle ! He knew where they were all the time, and now he is taking them away to hide them. They would be useful to buy a wife with, would they not, my clever boy ?" And he made a rush at me, with his stick lifted, and after him came the headman, grunting with rage. I understood, my father. My heart went mad in me, everything began to swim round, a red cloth seemed to lift itself up and down before my eyes. I have always seen it thus when I have been compelled to fight. I screamed out one word only, "Liar!" and rushed to meet him. On came Noma. He struck at me with his kerrie, but I caught the blow upon my shield, and hit back. Wow ! I did hit ! The skull of Noma met my kerrie, and down he fell dead at my feet. I yelled again, and rushed on at the headman. He threw an assegai, but missed me, and next second I hit him too. He got up his shield, but I knocked it down upon his head, and over he rolled senseless. Whether he lived or died I know not, my father ; but his head being of the thickest, I think it likely that he lived. Then, while the people stood astonished, I turned and ran like the wind. They turned too, and ran after me, throwing spears at me-and trying to cut me off. But none of them could catch me, no, not one. I went like the wind; I went like a buck when the dogs wake it from sleep; and presently the sound of their chase grew fainter and fainter, till at last I was out of sight and alone. (To be continued.) 