-taopelfst. I The Rajah's Vengeance. ' ' ? A STORY OF INDIA ? 1 ? 1 'OQO— - ? I Bv FREDERICK M. DEV. T ' : .CIUPTKn I. I A BTIUnoj: i:xi'i;r.ir.:ccn. ! It was just ten o'clock on tho night of Novem SO, 187— , when I arrive;! nt tho front door ol . She old Cogswell mansion — a night when iho mopt Nardy and venturesome would only njrponr out o! .loora on errands of tlio utmost nrcoeiity. Tho Trfndwas blowing ft tjnlo, l.-ubn with iunt.itrnimal (ATticlcs of razor-edged rlcet, which often dri!i7 blood on my faco rvs I toilod through tho darkness ?gaUist tho ficrco nnd violent tempest. ? Iwas moro than glad when I clored tbo groat oaten door behind mo, and for thn first timo rinco I had been ita inhabitant, tho old Orwell man lion seemed cbecrful : for bof--ro going out that fiTCnlng I had built a fire of hugo logs in tho man. live fireplaco of tho great hall, placing tho ocrccn fdrclully beforo it for n nf cty , and ni I shut out tho lOftring, hurtling, venomous wind upon regaining tho houoo, tho wclcomc blar.o ncnt n, thrill of lrarmth through my hnU-lrozen body, nnd (ho lliokering, eddjing chadoirn creeping nnd dancing l«ck and forth along tho onkca wainscoting for ftmomcnt cremcd liko companions in tho nolitudo t4 that great houco of whichl wan tlio colo inhabi tin I. Quickly divesting mjeclf of my outer garmcnttr, lighting a long-ritoiumed pipo, nnd placing my alippcrcd foot whero thoy could feci tlio v/armth of tho ruddy bloso, I rank listlriidy lack upon tho cushion of a reclining chnir, and gave inycelf up $p rtflcction. I had a great deal to think about that night, And sleep was never faithcr from my cyc3and Besses, for 1 had ju«t met with a disnppointmont which fell lilio a crushing blotv upnn my ambitious hopes, blotting out tho nun of my future, tearing rntbtcasly down my ' airy cnntlo in Spain,' ond filling my pathway to happlnc^, which I had thought so clear and unobstructed,, with impasn able rocks, ddbris, and driftwood. In abort, I had gono out in tb»- early evening full of lifo and hope, flushed with succi'ss nnd proapeotivelyarich man, find I had returned laden with dospnir, cast down by a weighted circumsUnco through which I could led no vista of light. Though not at all subject to nervousness I yet had ao unexpectedly thrust myself upon a Bceno of horror in my journey that night that csvon as I leaned back in my chirnnov corner, puffing clouds ©I imoko over my head — Seo picturo No. 1— I eonld seo tho agonised features of old Aaron Prima ft® I had oecn them but an hour beforo, -with tho Ggly blao holo in hb (behead *rhc?& t\\\o Vollot had entered, lying upcra. hia back in tbo office of his Dill, dead. Ihad gone thero to k?op an appointment— to Kcuro Aaron Trimo's signature to a paper which Tr&s;, at that momint, reposing iu tho pocket of my gicatcoat worthless, whilo but n few houro beforo it had socmcd so valuable to me. I, John Douglass, had bsen, at tho age of thirty* ono— ono year before — made the heir and eolo exo tutor ol p.U tho earthly estato which lioubcn CogH Trcll had left behind lilm at Ma death. That all was not much, so fur as apparont or negotiablo property was.coucerned, for it consisted of only two things — tho old mansion, which stood at tho edgo of a deep wood, a littlo over a milo from Aarou Primo's mill, and threo acres of ground with it, two of which wero swamp, aud thcreforo Worthless— and a ri quest. Ho. 1— ? 1 leaned back inmy chimney corncr, puf- j ftnff clouds of emoko over mv head.' I Ihad immediately taken up my abodo in tho ghostly old homo, which had held a strango in* tercst formo ever since I had played around it as a bov, and as I possessed a small income, just suf ficient for my absolute needs, I would havo gono smoothly and evenly on through lifo, devoting my timo to tho philosophical studies of which 1 waa passionately fond, had it not becu for tho request. It was that which had led mo out of tho even tenor and methodical habits of my lifo, conceiving in mo a thirsty ambition to attain tho great wealth it promised. At first I had gono about my task as the simple fulfilment of a duty imposed upon me, hut as obstacles, ono after another, aroso in my path, ex citing my pereoveranco and cuergy, I had dreamed about it when alono, until I had mado my airy castle* not. only inhabitable, bat iu a measure necessary to'my existouco. Too requests whioh had mado suoh a radical chaogo in my wholo nature, was simplo enough in its^t; but by reason of many unscon obstacles,' exceedingly complex iu its attainment. - Briefly, it was as follows ; - : *1 particularly and especially request that tho ?ai(] Johu DougUss, my hoiraud solo oxecutor hereunder, will securo tho signatures of Aaron Prune aifd Jacob Ilurloy— both townsmon of mine —to tho document which ho will find in a yellow envelope in iuyjdesk, addressod to him, tlio nature \- of Whieh is fully explained by tho several paper' in UiOf ackago with said envelope, all of which aro tied-wiih red.»ta$c, nnd aro in tho upper right* hand corner pigeon-holo of said desk.' . Sfinplo enongh I I felt that I had but to search foriho'papew oo9t myself thoroughly as to their I ? . contents, and »e-*- ulaco tho document beforo tho I two men to eecaro their signature to it, and I littlo foresaw tho sorpriso and laoour that wero beforo ' ? v The iurprlso camo when I read tho several patera, but a week after llcuben CogswoU'a death. , Among them* I found one in the old man's hand writing, giving in*.' a history of tho case; and as I tead c»y eyes opened »n wouder. It told me, methodicaUv aud in great detail, tho 4 strstigo and complex Rtory of his life, wild and! weird enough to excite the incredulity cf the uost easily impressed. IIo was a very old man. when ho pawed away, anuagqd men hi the nmi*hr-outh(jod said that ho had i been old when ho/ camo among them aearlj^jlt) veanbif ro and^ purchased iho place; after k^own by hu namo, whero ho lived the life of a.h^.'iiit, iviug no ono but myself into the ? . ihadoiy* injatetles of his house- To mo he had; . . - Ju mycfrlj VojWil, taken a lattiiig l«i,cv; niid'I ?.v,' msedtojit with him hours at a time, imbibing ? deptht of knowledge ar.d phlloiophv wuch asl i ?. prc^oro Usewbcre; and wiien bo died J fW/Wf ^ w« UU to a*. mB:L „ .-. , Tho itory of whioh X fcoeame pcecwiaed, wpoa reading tho papori, told briofly, waa as fol* lows : In catly lifo Roabon Cogavrcll liad bonnofol lower of tho cca, and from tho forccantlo had ricon to tho catnn. fltill advancing, ho bad bccomo tho owner first of thonhin hn commanded and then of othcr.i, until nt List they grew into a fleot of traders, which annually brought him in n magni ficent incou:o. Trading mostly with tho I'.ar.tcm countriM, ho had many times visited them, ? establiahlnn branch hoccea in difilrcnt places, and tliuis apend ing much ol h is timo abroad. j Occasionally ho took n long trip into tho into* , rior, purcasbing articles fur export to bin nativo j land, and upon ono of those oxctitidono, when in j tho heart of India, ho hail met with a strange ex- i perienco which had turned tho smooth and oven ? course of hin life into n rocky and precipitous channel which had finally ended in t\ solitary death. Being entcrtainod orornight by one of tho rich aud powerful It ijahn, ho had by tho merest acci* dvMit met and spoken with ono of his daughters, a beautiful girl, with great, dark, languid ojc* and soft whito okin, just tinged wish tho olivo of tho South. Ho immediately created an excuse for lingering longer in tho palaco of thoKajah, seeking only an opportunity of speaking with tho boiutlful crea turo again. It came, and many thereafter, for tho girl had ftilly reciprocated his fancy, nnd one night, having bribed oomo of the servants to assist the in, they (j-ciped from tho palace and Hod to* gcther to tho coast, whero they wero noon em barked in ono of hia many vcssqIh, sailing an fast as tho wind could drive thom for America. Tho wedding took placo aboard tho ship, tho witnesses being Aaron Trin:fi, then master of tho Vermel thiy vrero on, aud Jacob Hurley, tho mate. j.' or two yearn all went well with tbo happy couple, and thry lived a lifo of calm content. A | daughter had boon born to them and reached tho i ago of ono year, when C.igiwvll, for tho first timo cinco* hia marriago, was compelled, through busi ncP3 matters, to absent himself from his Boston homo for awhile, but whon, on departing, ho bado his wifo and child good-byo, it was for tho last time, for ho nover saw them again in his pleasant home. lie had been absent a week whon, on returning, ho found tho Iioubo strangely quiot, Tho Indian servant brought with them from tho Rajah'o do* main bad disappeared. * Filled with dismay, ho hod dashed through tho rooms to' liis wife'a apartments to find them Vacant. Nothing was disturbed ; not a sign of a otrugglo or commotion was apparent in tho room, or indeed in tho Iioubo. Everything was in the most perfect order, and yet his wifo and child wero gono. Thoy had mysteriously disappeared. Skilled detectivos wero engaged, and overy known expedient for tracing the loat oneawnoro* sorted to without buccosb. No ono had coon strangors about tho placo ; no ono had coon tho people of tho houso depart from it. At length hegavoup in despair, abandoning all hopoofever recovering his loved ones; but ono. night, ao ho sat brooding over his troubles, tho glass in tho window near him crashed inward, and a hand and arm were thrust through tho opening In tho baud was a folded slip of paper, which ho grasped as it fell fluttering towards tho floor. It read : 1 Your wifo is with hor fathor, tho Rajah, whero you are also commanded to go. Hor life r.nd that of your child dopends upon your speedy obe* dlcnce.' Cogswell did not hesitate, for on tho following xnomiuff he sailed for India, aud without delav presented himself at tho palaco of tho Ra. jah. Immediately on hia arrival ho was seized by the Indian Bervants, and without ceremony placed in a room divided in half by a double iron grating, tho other half being occupied by bis wife. Thus thoy wore again in full viow of each other, enabled to converse, but so far apart that it was impossible for ono to touch tho other. Tho poor mother knotz nothing of tho child since sho had arrived in hor father's palaco, whither sho had beon brought by his emissaries scut out from India. It coon becamo ovident that thoy \7cro placed thero to otarvo iu sight of each other, for aa day aftor day went without food being brought to them they began to grow weaker, and thoy wero forced to realiao what waa in storo for them. Either might havo borno tho terriblo suffering hotter alono, but to bo compelled to wltnesa tho agony of ono whom wo lovo tears tho heart-string in twain. Thero form^ny days they lingered on with not a soul coming near thom to wnom thoy might pray for food. On tho fifth day tho beautiful yoing wifo ex pired. Not onco during tho long hours of agony had sho complained: not onco had sho regretted tho act which had brought her fato upon her. Through tho wholo of her Bufferings sho had homo up, and at last alio diod with words of lovo mingled with tho namo of her husbaud upon hor lips. Who shall describe tho tortures ho endured as ho saw hor grow hourly weaker and weaker beforo his oyos, finally fading away as tho lily fades when blighted by tho bitter frost? Ho, too, longed to die, but tho hard training ho had received whon a lad had mado him bo hardy and strong that ho did not succumb as rapidly as his wife. Sho had boon doad but a short timo whon tho door on her sido of tho grating opoued, and her body was borno away. Ho never saw it again. An hour later his own door was thrown ajar, nnd tho lUjah, accompanied by a guard, entorod tho coll. - . ? You may go now,' ho said, sternly j ' for as by stealing away my daughter you taught mo how to suffer, so havo you now, through her, learned tho same lesson. You would rathor dio this moment than havo life rcgiven to you ; but you must iivo that life that you may still suffer in romembranco of wliat your folly brough about. Go ; but remem ber this — your child shall never look upon your i face ngaiti ; nud if, through &uy; accident, you aro brought together, ehoehali dio 03 her mother died. Go r Cogswell, after a long illness, finally reached America again, whon ho speedily cold out his vaat possenseions, and secluded himcolf in tho old houso which wa3 now mine. 'With him ho took Aarou Primo and Jacob Hurloy, placing tho former in chargo of a woollen mill, which every* ono supposed to bo his own, tho latter being established upon an immonwo' stock farm, and bearing tho reputation of being a very wealthy man. , ? 1 Hia reasons for thns providing for the two men who had witnessed his marriage I can only i sot down as a strange whim— the vagaries, of a i mind wliteh in every other respcct was woll*bal« I anccd and. sound. Do that at it may, he had so established tliem, leaving Iho townsfolk to tbinls'thcm rich iu..tlu*ir own right, -'and^in return they bad managed his aftairs : fo^shim, making deposits, drawltt^ his' various interests, aud once every month Coming, secretly to his hoube in tho night, to render tllelr accounts, leave ''with him what money ho might require, aud hetr bis wishes regard;;^ his » ./fairs generally. v.! '? ' ?» It appearedjrom tho manuscript I read tHM U-* i uliog influence lu tb? old aaa'i life wpi of tbo Rajah, or the Rajah b dcaccndanfij, every thing, ovon to hlflininateot aflalro, being governed accordingly. Once, como twenty yearo beforo hia death, ho had found n letter upon hio tnblo which told him that hio daughter had wedded with ono clioof her own race. Tlio old Rajah was dead, but hiu son and fiuceessor had sworn to carry out tlio wishes of hi) father, and ha (Cogmvcllj wno warned to remain in seclusion for tho remainder of hio life, j and after that ho bccame more of a recluso than I It wan then ho conceived tho idea which ulti mately whirlad mo into such a chaos of trouble nnd despair, to bj finally crowned with a happy* H033 which folly reconipen^ed mo. TIe caused his entire fortune to bo mado over to Aaron Prime and Jm-ob Hurley, trustees, tho na ture of tho trust to bo determined by tho prc6cnta» thn, after hia death, of a document creating a third trustee, whom ho would during his life jicleet, when the threo wero to unite their several cffjrto to discover if thero oxtotcd a lineal descond* unt of Cogswell's, to whom they wero to malte over one half tho estate, the other half to be divided equally among them. The three trustees wero to agrco among themselves as to tho host modo of conducting tho search, bat if any one f tiled to carry out tho conditions of trust ho was to forfeit hi3 entiro interest in tho estate. Aboat ! a week bdforo his death tho old man had added to his manuscript tho particular request that I, John Douglass, whom ho bad loved and educated from early boyhood, would purchase from tho other two truateos (for I was mado tho third ono, all their intorcat in tho matter; and although ho had created mo tho third trusteo, he wished mo to act alono and unaided in the matter, moro particularly becauao Primo and Ilurloy wero oklraon. Enclosed with tho requeatwa3 a letter to each of them, and a documont properly ond legally drawn for them to sign. , IIo had always placed tlio utmost confidonco in each of them, but ho wao shrewd enough to know that thoy had grown into a position whero thoy could defy him if they choso, bo far as tho pro perty in their immjdiato possession wa3 con cerned, although thoy could draw nono of tho trust monoy without tho signatnro of tho third trus too, to which ho would append a certification by himself. Such certification ho had prepared before hio death, leaving a blank opaco in which I waa to put my name. i It was a otrangely conglomerate transaction ond yet ao systematic had tho old gentlemen been that every ground wao thoroughly covercd, and with tbo exception of tho property held personally by tho two men, everything was perfectly straight and binding. IIo had evidently depended much tu^uuiljr l U IIUJU lUUUl UUU&lUUb; iU UH5 trust created, and that ho had not beon amiss my efforts to bargain with them had proved. I had lost no time in placing tho facto and docu* monto beforo them, for wo wero enjoined particu* larly to conduct everything with tho utmost cccrecy, and had at first been met with a fla* refusal to bargain at all. Finally thoy had consonted to sign tho paper, provided I would pay them tho amount they would have received if they carried out tho trust to tho end, together with ray own ohare. Gradually thoy had been brought down by my importunities until tho night of which I speale, whon they consontod to moot mo at nino o'clock at tho otlico in Aaron Prime's mill, for tho purposo of signing tho docu mont in consideration of ono-quarter of tho trust to them and their hoiro for over, tho property which they then controlled to bccomo theirs, in fee, in addition. Eull of tho proopcctof speedily being putin pos session of tho rest of tho trust, I had gono to meet thom. Gono with my whole ambition to bo gin tho search at onco foromoBt in my mind, feeling ! certain that if thero existed a lineal dcscendcntof Reuben Cogswell I could find him, or her — gono i to find death, grim and terriblo, awaitiug moon j tho part of ono of them, and unqnQBtionablo guilt and ilight on tho part of the other. CHAPTER It: AX UNACCOUNTABLE YIBIOW. ? One murderod by tho other, and that other flown,' I muttered, as I leaned back in my chair, and thought how I had toiled through tho terrible storm to tho mill that night. I had gono thero full of hope, elated with tho certainty of success; but when I had opened Primo's offico door I started back with a cry of horror and dismay. Stretched in tho middlo of tho floor, flat upon his back, was Aaron Primo, with a bullet-holo in' his forehead. — Seo picturo 2. Chairs wero overturned— papers, woro ocattorcd about tbo floor— confusion and signs of violence' prevailed. ? I had bent over him, placing ray hand upon his heart in tho liopo of discovering aomo sigu of lifo ; but although tho body was still wwm, lifo was utterly extinct. Upon tho floor near tbo (joorway was a hat, I picked it up aud looked at it carefully, and recog* nisedit a& belonging to Jacob Hurley, noticing at ! No. 2.—' Stretched in tho middlo of tho floor, flat on his back, was Aaron Primo, with a bullet hole in his forehead.' tho samo timo that thero waa a bullet-holo through its crown. Glancing hurriedly around me, I realised if I should by chanco bo sccu thero I would bo ac cuQcd of tho murder, nnd I vent hastily out, at first intending to arouso tho neighbourhood, and givo what information I could regarding the 'NVhou I again reached tho open air, however, all that man's death meant to mo becamo obvious, and by a seeming paradox, tho crimo itself sank into insignificanco beforo tho utter failuro of my mission, and 1 hurried homoward through tho driving sleet. As lEatby.thoflro thinking, I suddenly felt as though 1 was no longer alone. I know not why or how, but tho feeling came over mo so strongly that I arose and looked' about mo among the flickering shadows mado by the glaring logs in tho fireplace. ?*Pahaw !';I exclaimed, repeating myself. 'I am a duueo- to allow tho sight of a dead body to 'nnsirv&tue.; It can'tbo-that either,' ? mus'od l, ? for rimve notr thought of it iu that way sihcp l first, m^o the disfcVery.' . : 1 ^'tQUld not, however, shako off thVidea'that I was riot^Hloiio. j I felt no fear, for, especially re-' gardingj the supernatural, I was nep'eless; but ovcry fim?! raised xpy^eycs l half ex^ccte^ they' w. nid '^rhold Voow 'companion in* my4' solitude, on tho other band( I knew positively 'i .? ; alone, As tho foolln forcible pomi cion of mo, by a strange antithesis I exporienood | a drowsy sensation, and then I foil asleep. ? I cay asleep, for that is tho only way in whieh'1 1 can oxplain what transpirod, tor. I' mast havo ? dreamed. - ? . B-foro mo stood tho old man, as 1 had so often peon him, with hin back to tho fire and hii hands hohind him under hi* coat-tails — Seo picturo No. 3— and I aroso mechanically and offorod him ' my comfortablo chair. 'John,' said ho, as ho seated ?, himself, in my placo,. while I leaned my arm upon tlio tnaniel over tho flro, 'Primo and Hurtoy havo. had, a fight/ . ?Evidently,' I commented. - - . - 'Well,' ho, continued in his usual abrupt way 'you will havo to got their signatures to-night* or not all, for by morniug thoy will both bo beyond signing anything.' ' . ''Why,' I cxclairmd, ' Prime is already dead and Uurloy has flown.' I v-'.. ' Bosh, my boy, boah ! Thoy are both thoio now ? awaiting you, and wondering why yoa are fo'lato. Como, start at onco. I havo seen them, and thoy will sign.' Accustomed from childhood. to obey htm almost implicitly, I aroso without delay, and* arranging, myself in my storm clothing, once moro set out ?* through tho bitter tempest towards tho woollon mill. ' I was completely exhausted when I reached itj No. 0.— 'Beforo mo stood tho old man, as 1 had oo often Been him, with hia back to tho firo and lna hands bahind him under hio coat-tails.' and rested for a momont. on tho steps outside. Than entering I found tho two men, as had been iated, awaiting me. 4 You aro lato enough, 'surely,' said Primo; and 13 I apologised, ho took tho document from my hand, wont to his dosk, and, seating himself, Bigned it. Hurley followed hisoxamplo, and I then passed over to thom respectively tho papers bearing my signature, which mado tho bargain complote, and took my departure. While insido it had not onco occurred to mo to look at tho floor whero, earlier in the cveningj I Imd ceen tho dead body of Primo, but as'l left the affico I stooped and peered back through tho rcindow. 'What wao my horror to boo the room in pro* :iBely tho samo condition in which I had first 2ijcovered it that night, tho murderod body of Aaron Primo lying upon tho floor with tho blue bullot-holo in tho forehead. Shocked beyond description, 1 hurried rapidly away,and in duo coursoof timo onco more reached tho mansion. I Tho old man mot mo at tho door, bis face radi- ! ant with smiles. 1 Got thom?' ho asked ; and when I replied in tho affirmative, ho said: ' Good 1 Now I am going to sleep, again. Dry yourself off at tho firo hero, and then yoa had better get some sleep also.' ' Sleep 1' , I must havo instantly awakoned instead, for I suddenly becamo conscious of tho fact that tho firo had burned down considerably, and that I was standing beforo it iu tho vain effort to warm my benumbed fingers and dry tho soaking gar ments which wero upon mo, Seizing tho tong3 I poked tho firo vigorously for a moment, throwing fresh wood upon it, and soon I had a warm and cheering blazo again. I was dated by tho inexplicable circumstances ? grouped beforo mo. 'It must havo beon a dream,' -I said aloud; ' and yet how camo thoso wet clothes upon me ? Whero did I get tha mud upon my boots? ' Jly recollection of what had passsod was as perfect a^ I havo described it, and was so vivid that it seemed a part of tho regular occurrences of tho evoning, notwithstanding tho fact of tho Budden realisation of my surroundings which had como over mo as I stood by tho flro. 'Bahl' I cried, in disgust. *1 am growing nervouB. Tho experiences of to-night have vforked upon my mind, and I have not only dreamed, but I havo walked in my sleep/ Feeling great fatigue, I relighted my pipo, and after due preparation again throw myself into tho easy chair beforo tho firo, .when it suddenly oc curred to me to look at my watch. It was nearly two o'clock. Startled by tho lapse of timo, and the longth ol my unquiet nap, I aroso and crossed to' the peg whoreon my greatcoat was hanging^ ' I will settles this thing here and now I* I mat* tored, pulling tho package from tho pocket and re* turning to my chair at the fire. 1 The papers will provothat I havo had a nightmare.' * ? With a quick movement I undid tho string which bound tho package together, and selecting the all important document, spread it open before mo on my knees. Uttering a Btar tied cry of consternation I again leaped to my feet, scattering tho many papers broadcast about on tha floor,- for thoro before mo , on tho whito pago, plainly and legibly, wero tho well-known signatures of Aarou Prime and Jacob Hurley. I trembled with oxcitemo.it. For tho first timo in my lifelknow whatitmeant to 'bo afraid) Tho room seomed filled with uncanny shapes flattering about in shrouds and blood-stainod gar ments. Thero stood the signatures boforo mo, plain and incontrovertible in their authenticity, in tho face of tho fact that when I had gono at nino o'clock to got them ono of tho mon was already dead and tho other had disappeared. Suddenly I began wildly gathering tho scattered papers together which had fallen upon tho floor, looking through them in search of thoso I was to havo given up to tho two mou in exchauge for their signatures. Tlicy weionowhero to bo found. ? Long and eagorly I searched, but without result other than thoroughly to satisfy myself that thoy wero not there. Where, then, wero thoy? Had I indeed met thoso two mon when I went forth tho scond timo ? Was I mistaken in deeming Aaron. Primo to be dead? Could it bo that I had not seen aright, or were they both dead, and had I met and bargained with thtir ghosts? ( , Or was it somo fantastic bewilderment of dreamland, which, .folJowing tho Shakspeaaian theory of 1 dreams are result of a foregone conclu* siunv' 'had shaped my sleeping thoughts some what into the form of j what I had beeu thinking i whilo, awako? But, no! my eyes had .certainly not been closed in sleep.--' . . ? ; . . | 1 tore my hair in perplexity, rforI could not rev son iho occurrences out Into any logical iq | [To 9B ft'QircwKPrl ? - ? 