A READER'S GLEANINGS. Esvr is A Poison.— Tho greatest flood has the soonest ebb ; tho sorest tompest the most sudden calm ; tho hottest love tho coldest end ; and from the deepest desire oftentimes ensues the deadliest hate, A wiso man had rather bo envied for providence thnn pitied for prodigality. Revenge barketh only at the stars, and spito spurns at that, sho cannot reach. An envious man wuxeth lean with tho fatness of hi! neighbours. Envy is the daughter of pride, the author of murdor and rovengo, tho beginner of secret seditions and tho nernetual tormentor of virtue Envy is tho filthy sediment of the soul ; a venom, a poison or quicksilver which consumeth tho flesh and drieth up tho marrow of tho bones. IIow China Got Its Name. — Upwards of 1100 years before Christ tho Chinese wore a people ruled by a dynasty of kings, of whom, like tho Pharaohs ol old, there is 110 clear history, and not until tho Chow dynasty, B.C. 1125, is there any clear history of themain Chinese States. The Chinese take their history back to the time of Noah. This ancient empire has in its time borno many names, for it was a custom, when a now dynasty ascondod the throne, to give another name to tho empire, as Hai-que, Cham-que, Han-quo, etc., according to the namo of the ruling monarch. The true name is said to be Chum-que,. ' the centre kingdom of tho world.' This term was; by usage corrupted to Chin-quo, and from this word; the Portuguese gave it the name of China. China proper consists of 18 provinces, containing 250,000,000 of people. Flight of Eagles. — A curious and unusual sight has been witnessed by tho inhabitants of Bjelgorod- in tho south of Russia. An enormous flight of eagles was seen to fly past tlie town and settle in an adjacent forest. Tho woodmen who were in the forest fled in- dismay from the place. It is woll thoy did, for when these unwelcome visitors taaa taken their departure, it was found that thoy had devoured ten horses, several sheep, and a vast number of smaller animalB. The ground wlioro they alighted was strewn with feathers. All tho birds of tho neighbourhood have been so terrified that thoy havo flown away. Only one of tho eagles was caught— a bird of immense size and belonging to a Siberian species. The eagles, which wore several hundreds in number, flew away in a'south-wostorly direction. Hdmohods Toasts. — A publisher once gave the following : ' Woman, tho fairest work in all creation. The edition is largo and no man should be without a copy.' This is fairly seconded by a youth who, giv ing his distant sweetheart, said : ' Dalectablo dear, so sweet that honey would blush in her presence, and treaelo stand nppallod.' Further, in regard to tho fair sex, wo have: 'Woman, sho neods no eulogy, she speaks for herself.' ' Woman, the bitter half of man.' In regard to matrimony some bachelor onco gavo; ' Marriage, the gato through which tho happy lover loaves his enchanted ground and returns to earth.' At the marriage of a deaf and dumb couplo, some wit wished them ' unspeakable bliss.' At a supper givea to a writer of comedies a wag said : ' Tho writer's very good health. May he livo to bo as old as his jokes.' From a law critic : ' Tho bench and tho bar. If it wero not for the bar, there would bo little use for the bench,' A shoemaker gavo : ' May we lmvo all tho women to shoe, and all tho men to boot.' A celebrated statesman, uhilo dining with a duchess on hor eightieth birthday, in proposing her health said: 'May you live, my lady duchoss, until you begin to grow ugly.' ' 1 thank you, sir,' sho said ; 'and may you long continue your tastes for antiquities.' Al. u political dinner a prominent diner gavo 'The Queen' and forthwith proceeded to sing the National Anthem. Tho keynote was all right ; but somehow the company did not join tho singing. Imagine tho amusement when one gallant statesman struck out ' For bo's a jolly good follow,' and novor observed his mistake until the hilarity of thocompany called him to his senses.. . Hero's tae inysei1 for as bad's I am. Hero's tao yo a' for as gweod's yo nre. For as bad's I aid - an' as gweed's ye are, I'm us gweed's jc are, for as bad's I am. Astonishing Sagacity op a Dog. — A woman resid ing in the neighbourhood .of Melrose, wifo of nn industrious and rcspoctablo labourer, had for 11 con siderable time been subject to epileptic attacks, which came on generally in tho courso of tho day. She had no servant, and her children were too young to render her any assistance during tho paroxysms. The want of an a attendant was, however, in some inoasura supplied, in the absence of her husband; by a faithful and sagacious collio dog, which no sooner porcoived its mistress endeavouring with difficulty to reach her bed, than ho ran howling for her husband and continued burking and howling until he found him, when I10 returned with him to tho house, tho faithful dog leading tho way, and appearing delighted to see his master coming to his wife's assistance. Upon no occasion was this dog known to neglect his duty when his mistress wns taken ill, and at whatever distance rroin uoniu 111s master may uuve mippcueu 10 ue nt work, ho did not cease running with all his speed, howling all the time in the most piteous manner until he wns able lo find him. Three FniEsmES. — Around tho fireside, long ago, We sat to hear the childish tale, Faces alight with pleasure's glow, Or terror-stricken, ashen pale. The fairies good our fancies caught. Each maiden fair — each noblo knight, Whilst giants, murders, havoc wrought, Would fill our souls with awful fright Tho ghost blood-marked, tho clanking chain Mado every shadow dark take life. The sighing wind, tho pattering rain, Seemed echoes weird of spirits strife. We then, enthusiasts, resolved For honour's sake to do, to daro, Our future life we there evolved, 1 knight so bold — thou princess fair. Around tho fireside, after years, We sat and fold our tale of love, Forgotten childhood's hopes and fears. Blessed with that gift from heaven above, My love for the^o. by thee returned, Shed over life a glndsomo light, While true content nnd pleasure burned With fervent flame, warm, constant, bright. I kissed thy war:-;, lips ruby red. Caressed thy shimmering golden hair. In ecstasy tho hours quick sped, Enthralled by thee, my sweetheart rare. And hand in hand, one thought, ono heart, Our mutual fealty there wo vowed ; Of Heaven above our bliss seemed to part, Thou lender, sweet, I joyful, proud. To-night around tho old liresido I sit and clusp thy hand in mine, Dearer than when a child or bride, (Ago treats theo as it doth old wine.,) ' Tozether have we trod life's path, We ve faced the over-veering wind, - - - At times havo felt the Storm King's wrath, s Then Heaven would smile— nh; God is kindl The autumn days, my own dear wifo, . ? Aro nigh their close ; soon winter's come, Tho silver through tho Void is rife, And age's frost our bodies numb. ? . Our hearts unfailing trust still warms, Though childhood fair and youth nre gone;' Love winter of its chill disarms, And our love lives and will livo on. Attachment op Housks to Each Otiieii.— Two Hanoverian horses had long served together during the Peninsular war, in a German brigade of artillery. They had assisted iu druw ng the same gun, and had been inseparable companions in many battles. One of them was at last killed , and after the engagement the survivor was picketed as usual, nnd his fond brought to him. He refused, however, to cat, and was constantly turning round his head to look for his companion, sometimes neighing ns if to call him. All tho caro that was bestowed upon him was of no avail. He was surrounded by other horses, but I10 did not notico thorn ; nnd I10 shortly nfterwnrds died, not having onco tasted food from tho time liis former associate was killed. A Curious Calculation. — In a recent lecturo ' On Fixed Stars,' Dr. David Gill wanted an illustration of the distaneo to Centauri. This is what ho said : Wo are a commercial people ; we liko to make out estimates in pounds sterling. Wo shall supposo that some wealthy directors havo failed in getting Parliamentary sanction to cut a sub-Atlantic tunnel to America, and so, for wnnt of some other outlet for their energy and capital, thoy construct a railway to Centauri. We shall neglect for tho present the engineering difficulties — a mere dotuil— and suppose them overcome, and the railwav opened for traffic. Wo shall go further .r./i ii„,i ti,„ i„„.„ ll,„ -..v. v,.u in- struction of such a railway to havo been peculiar easy, and that tho proprietors of interstellar spaco had not been exorbitant in their terms for right of way. Therefore, with a view to enconrago traffic, the directors have made the fares exceedingly moderate — viz., first-class nt ono penny per 100 miles. Desiring to tako advantage of the?e facilities, nn American gentleman, by the way of providing himself wilh small chango for tho journey, buys up the National Dobt of Great Britain, and of a few other countries, and, presenting himself at the booking-ollieo, demands » first-class single to Centauri. For this he lenders In payment the scrip of the Nationnl Debt of Great Britain, which just covers lhe cost of his ticket; but I should explain that this time tho National Dobt, from littlo wars, coupled with soniennremunerativoQovorn oiont investments in landed property, had run up from 700 millions to 1100 millions sterling. Having taken his seat, it occur3 to him lo ask: 'At phat rato do you travel ?' ' Sixty miles an hour, sir, including stoppages,' is the answer. ' Then whon hall wo reach Centauri?' ' In 48,663,060 years, »ir,' 1 EurnijU I rat hor a long jouruoy,' 