Thb AnstTaUttn Colonies are not por» Euirjg tho coarse best calculated to re establish their damaged reputation in the London Money Market. On the con trary, if the object were to confirm and justify ell the hostile criticisms which hare been indulged in on the subject, the means to that end could scarcely have been more happily selected. It bat to be kept in view that the question involved Is not the actual stability of Australian credit by itself coniidered. It it not the matter of absolute Bolvoncyi but the opinion which has been formed on this head by tbe London creditors of the several Oovernment*. This ire know to be distinctly nnfarorsbls, and under ordinary circumstances the rerr knowledge of the utter Rbseaoe of any foGa^etion for distrust makes the solvent debtor donbtv jcalcn? of bis imputation. The Australian Colonies have taken the opposite coarse. Iasteid of profiting-by the intimation to cease borrowing eo plainly Wnveyifl through the loan failures, ^hey live adopted fhe spend thrifts expedient. tof raising' money out side the ordinary channels, and. almost at any -cost. It cannot be said that the general recourse -which has been had to: the floating of Treasury Bills has been rendered im perative through the suddenness with ?which loan supplies have {ailed. In the case of every Oolony the poBition was well understood while laat year's Par liaments were still in Session. Yet, though the coarse for adoption admitted an attempt to meet the diffionlty by in creased taxation, and in the Victorian case the clear necessity was naively set on. one side became the Premier did not consider the proposal to increase taxa tion could be jadioiously made just be fore a general election. In other words, the safety of the Ministry had to ba studied heforA t.tiA snfatv nf +.lm Mimtrv. It is hardly surprising to find that the Cabinet holding such views have been the gravest offenders against financial propriety, and that they have been specially active in promoting the means by -which Australian credit has been further damaged. The issue of Trea sury Bills to meet a pressing emergency followed upon a course to which no exception could be taken, had its character as a temporary expedient been preserved. It was unfortunate that their needs should have forced all the Colonies to adopt the same course at the same time ; but it would be understood that, in face of a sudden check-, money to meet maturing engagements, and to carry on until other sources of necessity. Unfortunately the temporary character of the Treasury Bill issue hss not been preserved, and the British creditors of the Australian Govern ments see -them mating no effort to assist themselves; bat simply exchanging one form bJ iwrrowing for another more injurious to all interests involved. The effort on this side has been, not to curtail the borrowing, or even to hus band the proceeds; bnt to find new ways to borrow by giving preferential liens, shortening terms, and raising rates, tercet of the bondholders thus so seriously prejudicial. Even this has not satisfied the Victorian Government, bnt in their desire to dip still deeper into the British money bag they have passed over their ordinary agents, the London and Westminster Bank, and have placed their bonds through the agency of a private firm of brokers. The act paral lels that of the youth who, checked in his coarse of extravagance by the refusal of a respectable firm to make further advances, makes application to cent. per-cent. Jewish usurers. The difference is in degree, not in principle, and so it has been regarded by the British finan cial authorities, who say that every doubt of Australian credit is being con firmed by the recklessness with which the scramble for British money still goes on. Speaking of tbe neglect to help themselves (in other than the way stated), the Financial Ntu-e refers to l^ie buuuu ui kuo 4umt/i/urue ^XDSuuiai-cu Banks in withholding assistance from the perfectly solvent Mercantile Bank, remarking that ' after this it is idle for Colonists to rant about the splendid resources of Australia.' It continues by deprecating the still more serious blows dealt at Australian credit by the insiduons growth of the Treasnry Bill system, and it expresses astonishment wittb tue buuuu umuiuroru ui me \jotomes do not see the disastrous results which must attend this policy. Still greater astonishment may be expressed that the proper pride and legitimate self-esteem of the Colonies have not provoked indignant protest against this suicidal policy, which sacrifices interest and repu tation at the same time. There is some spectacle of the Australian debtor, re fused a loan at one door, and going cap in hand to the next in the hope of better success, with the certainty that even this supply must soon fail. The course, and the only one compatible with a respect for the National honor, is to call the Parliaments together withont a day's unnecessary delay, to shelve everything else but finance, to look the position squarely in the face, and by a judicious policy of retrench ment and taxation make local resources suffice until confidence is tboroueb.lv restored, Australia will want more British money in the future ; but only because as a new Country it can use it on reproductive works to the benefit of both borrower and investor. But the investor has first to be reassured on this head, and this cannot be done by the present method of depreciating his securities. It is more than possible that in tha process of readjustments many lingers will be plncnea, yet even this experience may not be {without advan tage. There is a big section of Austra lian working men who can be taught in no other way the folly of the courses they have recently been pursuing. They have lived on loan money so long that they cannot conceive the failure of the supply, not even when they denounce the investor and threaten to confiscate his security. When the threat has had partial effect, and the pinch follows npon the shortage in supply, they only grow more violent jn their denunciation of Capital, and clamor the louder for its expenditure out of the State coffers from which they have diverted the stream. Then, when by special Treasury Bills expedient funds have been raised, as in Yietoria, to give them f n their need work at 6s per day, they rail on the parsimonious and niggardly Government, and straightway petition for an increase of wages. This system is ruinous both to State and people. It saps the credit of the one, and the manly self-reliance of the other. The remedy is not a palatable one ; bat the draught is often necessary to therestora and it is clear that the all-round exercise of economy and self-denial is the only method by which Australia can hope to repair the damage done by the orer indulgence of its political and financial constitution. BAM oy PiortntES — At noon to-day WeaaTvi W T Doll «,_J nn ™rli _j* ? m ? __i' a very large and -varied collection of oil paintings specially selected iu Vienna forTas maaia. They have, been exhibited at the mart for some days, and inspected by admir ing crowda, the gaslight display last evening causing the mart to be well patr.infued till tk. closing hour. The ssenes comprisn gems ot English and Continental landscape scsnery, marine views, and portaite, and coote of them should command more tba,u artists' prica. They have been very feourely packed, and every piotnre if redly well An undelivered cablegram Is lying at tbe [Aunoeston office addressed ' Maokinnon.' Clanaar, Campbell Town, for which the operator a,t Osmpbeu Town is unable to find an owner; ' BrvsB BxoraeioNB.— Tho s s. Centennial tan au excursion to Dilston and back yester day afternoon, with about 80 people on boar}. 8he was advertised to make a trip to.: FresSwatei Point last night, bnt she did not ion. ~ ? - - Bxoubsxoh Tbais.— The eicnrslou train from Ulverstone yesterday brought about. 860 passengers. The ohrap fares between Deloralne and Launoeston were not largely availed of. As yesterday was the limit for which a gnat number of zetorn tlokets-had bees issued* there -wars numerous passengers from Xianncestou during tho day, and a very' considerable exodus by the night mall for Uobart and Intermediate et&Uora;, Thb Ihtaiib Depot.— We understand that Mr Eli Daniels, who bas for some years been officially connected with the Launees* ton Gaol and Invalid Depot departments,, has received the appointment of overseer of the latter Institution, dating from March 1. - I£r Daniels has acted as deputy-overseer' since June last, during tbe absence of tbe late Mr A. ll'Oonnell, and has earned many well-merited enoomiums for the Improve; the efficiency of the Institution and the com fort of the Inmates. Mb Obovs's LEOTtrBEs.— The last of Mr Grove's course of lectures ws-* delivered in tbe Firebell Tower hall last night to a large audienee. The subject was the ' Coming .of. the Lord,' in whfoh the leoturer proved by type and Soripture that the return of Christ for His Church will be an event prior to His aoauug wicn toe earcn in judgment juiq Israel &s; a nation } demonstrating d^so f torn 2nd Thau., il., that Ar.Uohrfst.is a person who has never yet been revealed, nor will be until the removal ot the Church. The pre sence of the Church on earth, together with the Eoly Ghost, were also shown to be the hindrances to tbe development of the man of sin. Fkbe Bootos Oectxboh.— The Free Ohurob Presbytery held its ordinary meeting at Oat lsnda on Tnesdsy lut. when there were pre sent BevB. O H. Talbot moderator), L. Campbell, A, HanMe, and D. S. Brunton, with Messrs. Chas. Weeding. John Mao larlane, and Wm. Dnncan, elders, Among other items of business a most Interesting re port of the New Hebrides Mission was read, from which it was evident that & food work was being done by Bev. B. M. Eraser, When he went to the island of Kpl, he iound heathenism with its attendant ignorance, insecurity, cruelty, and terror. Now a. There are 82 church memhera, 26 native teachers, and 1800 attending services, ' Bevtu 0\. H. Talbot and A. Hardie reported con cerning Zeehan, which they had visited. The services were well attended, &nd; a congrega tion formed, which the Presbytery now pot under the moderatotahip ot Mr Talbot to arrange for supply of miaisters* Bev. O. H, Talbot and Mr John H&cfarlane; were ap pointed reproseatativaj to attend the meet ing of the Federal Assembly at Adelaide in September, and the Presbytery adjourned to hold its next meeting in Hobart. 'The WoiiBH of Abia.' — Miaq Acker mana delivered a leoture last night on ' The 'Women of Asia' to a fs.li audience in the ? Mechanics' Hull. Mre Sollaa occupied the obalr. MIbb Ackermann dwelt principally on the women of China and Japan, and de scribed the social conditions of their livee in a way that would come as a revelation to those of the andienoe who possessed no piu viouB knowledge of the customs of these iBnda. To & reflective mind an address such as that given last eight wo aid be fall ot great interest, for from it could be learned the restrictions placed on the lives ot women in Eastern Asia in contradistinction to the freedom enjoyed alike by men and women in rtl.Tinr nnrta of thn urntM. anri nor+irttiini-lw in the British Empire. The lady lecturer was attired in China costume, and during tbe evening sang several verses in ihe Chinese language. To-morrow evening Miss Acker mann will give a f pedal address to men in tbe Memorial Ohurob, In tbe course oi her travels she haa met with a large number of men, jouag and old, tUe unhappy sous of still unhappier parents. 'She specially de eirea to address men in the hope of helping them in tho warfare oE life. As this will probably be hoc lost meeting in L&unewton; there should bs a large audience to hoar what will donbtleas be n.n inlnrAflHnir address. St. Patbiok'b Da*. — The train arrange meetings to be held on St. Patiiok'a Day, March 17, &Te; published to-day, Return tickets will bo i§?ued to and from all stations ou all linoa oa Wednesday, 16th, and Thurs day, 17th, available up to and including Friday, 18' h inst. For tho Latrobc Races aad Oddfellows' Demonstration at W&tbury; special ttnlns will leave Lauaceeton at 7-15 a.m. and Deloraine at 8 20 a m. on the ITih, and a special train will leave Ulvei stone at 11-15 and Devonport at 12 30 on tbe tame day. To enable the townfipcople tj attend the Fingal Races a special train will leave Laun cehtan for Fingal and St. Mary's at 7-45 a.m., and a special train will leave Fingal for St. Mary's at 7 p.m. The evening train for Bcottsdale usually leaving Lauoceatoii at l-vu p.m. wiii oc aecainea until d'ou P.m. on the 17th inst. The QoARAtfTiNTE Beg ttlatiok.— Mr Archibald Park, Government veterinary Bur geon, who arrived from Hobart on Thurs day, yesterday inspected on board the e.s. Coogee a young bull and two heifers, pure bred Jerseys, prior to their being domiciled en the Quarantine Station, at Middle Island, The cattle were afterwards pnt on board the Bteamer Indignant, and taken to the ttation. In about threa weeks Mr Park will pay another official visit to Launoestoa, for the purpose of releasing the pair of Irish spaniels imported by Mr H. O. Webb eome time sgJ per the barque Oorintb. Tasmania* Baptist Ukion. — The annual meetings of the Baptist Union of Tasmania (says Day Star) are to ba held at Launces ton 26th, 27ih, imd 28th of April The third evening will b: devoted to forelcn mifsions In commemoration of the centenary of missioM. We proy that it may awakes eaah enthusiasm as will le*d ua to greater under takings in tbe foreign fields. Dblohaike. — Our travelling correspon dent reports : The harvest has been gArnared. and a plentiful one it has been in this dis trict. The yields on the whole are good, the highest I hare heard of being that of Mr W. K. Cresswell, of Terndale, where a paddock of 10 acres yielded 910 bnsbels of oats, the straw ot which was 9ft long. — I bear that Mr OreflsweU has recently purchas d from the executors of the late Mr A. F. Booke €10 acres of rich agricultural land adjoining Perndale. This property w*s the eriginal ' Paddy's Scrub.' A dire tragedy was com mitted there in the earlv davs of Dfllnr^nn but this is a reminiscence I must leave for some local correspondent who in acquainted with the facta — Mr W. J. Woods, who for the last four years has conducted a chemist aad druggist's besfness here with profit io himself and to the entire eatfefacpon of his ftnmevbae customers,1 leaves Doloralne thfs weoi for Oranfe, New Bomb Walep, when he has purchased a mnoh more extensive bici nt*&, in wbi?h transaction his numerous Delorfiine friends heartily wish him the eucceEB he so well deserves. Mr Wr&pg;, who is Tfeil-knowtx to the good folk of Daloruine, succeeds Mr Wcqds —I regret having to re port the presence of that much dreaded disease, diphtheria, in this district, one oase ot wnicn nas provea iatai* i auuoe to tne death of Mi-a Hartley, daughter of Mr O. Huittey, of High Plains, whjob toslc place at her father's residence at the early nge of 19. The funeral, which toak place on Wednn day, was Tery largely attended by sorrowing friends* DANQEfts ofthkRoab. — Bohert Nobes, a lad about 12 years of age, whose parents reside in Sanden -street, was crossing the road in Oumeroa-atKot yesterday- forenoon when a cart, driven by one o£ Messrs. Mills Bros, employes, ran over him, knocking him down and breaking one of bid Ito abore tbe ankle xne cnua ws« carnea io coe naraei u-ome, in Cameron-street, and Dr. Holmes having been called in eet the limb, and the lad was taken home. We are informed tbtU the driver of tne c&rt; drove away vnconcerne j]y, inhumanely remarking that tho boy should not have been larking on the road* Mr Lucadou -Wells, dentist, announoes elsewhere that be is about to take a biief respite from business, but orders may be left at tbe surgery, Brisbane -street, as usual. A pbjin b^U will be held at the MaBtmlo Hall on March ir. 