A STUPID CLAIM. At tho last Moss Vulo council meeting, a lawyors' letter wis received warning tho Council against consequences which might arise if thoy repaired tho bridge on tho Laokoy-road, ovor White's Crook, without pormiesion of their client Mr. T. Tato. In May last there wao some roforoncd made in tho council to this bridge, and wo then in a passing noto doolared that tho public would look to tho aldormen to adopt Horatio's words and stand at their right hand and koop tho bridge. At tho same time wo said this wo hardly oxpectod it would be necessary to refer to tho subject again. However, ouch a moat extraordinary, and to an outsider equally ui/aceountablo claim to tho bridgo which had boon uoed unin terruptedly by tho public for at least a quarter of a contury, in again rashly made It is to bo liopod that the council will not bo ' caught napping ' but dofond tho rights of the public from being trampled upon, for it would bo simply ludicrous to ovor ollow that tho oaid bridgo can bo claimed as private property. It is to bo notod thai tho matter in disputo is capablo of clear and concioo formulation. In 1867 the Railway Commisioner resumed from Mr. Morrico somo land in which was includod a strip on tho oast of the creels to which tho titlo was doubtful a.id in view of which a special clauso wao placed in the con voyanso to mdot»ni(y the buyers if required. Mr. McCourt bought oomp Jand on tho west sido of tho crook in 1883. J/ong after tho resumption it wao proved that tho strip of land on east of tho creek sold by Mr. Morricp to the railway department, and to which ho hod -'- Wle, was really part of tho Hutchinson estate. I'h.en tiie bond of in demnity which Mr. Morrice gay.o was threatened by (lis »vpesei)tatjv.es to be spurned and resisted, and, to avoid litigation i tho railway department wns saved by Mr. i Lackey's generously and patriotically fore- i going Iii3 right-) to enforce his claim to tho i land. In tiie incantimo in subdividing bin cstuto Mr. Lackey bad nold to Mr. McCourt the very part which gave access to tho whole. But it was arranged between them that Mr. Lackey should purchase another bit of land on cast of line, and give to Mr. McOourtin ex change for a stripontho wcstsidoofcrcek soas i to give acccc-i to tho Lackey estate; and this Mr. Lackey did, giving an equal extent of land (37 perches), and Mr. McCourt after wards cold this land to very great advantago — wo aro informed. Thoro ntill aeoms to bo a bit of land, howovor, which, by error in surveying it, ia olaimod bolongo to Mr. T. Tato, who is sup posed to havo bought it from Mr. McCourt. Anu ihia is whoro tho bridgo is ovor White's Creok. But whatovor Mr. Tulo's claim may ho. wo or'no ho has logally l'-st it from tho fact that tuo road and bridgo liavo boon used for 25 yoars uninterruptedly by tho public. Thoro ia one thing which can bo pointed to in tho matter, vi::., how tho gonoroua con duct of Mr.Lacltoy, already referrod to, stands out in : ntradistinclion to tnat of tho prosont claim:. Lii. Cortainly tho claim put forth by Mr. i'. Tato ia a very nico little ono. But if ho really boliovos it is a legal ono wo would onquiro : Why does ho not daro to barricade tho Lackey Koad at tho bridgo ? On behalf of tho public we defy him to carry into effect by such obstruction an enforce ment of his claim. Tho only move he thinks it advisable to take i3 sending the council a lawyer's letter, which will prove equal to spending money on an unnecessary luxury, and also in tho dead of night placading the bridgo with worthless notices pretending that the public pass over here only on sufferance. Really wo think that Mr. Tato's friends should strive to otay him from tho con sequences which his raoh and stupid claim may cast upon him, that is if ho lias tho tomority to porsist in it — and which wo vory much doubt. It may oven already havo dawned upon Mr. Tato that he haB not tho ghost of show in tho matter, for wo boliovo tho council know full woll that his cluim will not ' hold water' — although it takes in tho croek. 