GH0STD9M. lbs Society of Psychical Research con- E: tinned its investigations in the domain of s . ghosts, and tho latest number of tho “Pro ceedings” contains a number of cases of a more or loss uncanny character which have ( recently come under its notice. A few specimens of these may ho interesting. ' JOHN ui-axey's “ishost.” In a paper by Mr F. W. Myers on Indica tions of Continued Torrono Knowledge on the Part of Phantasms of the Dead, the particu lars of a caso for. which the writer is indebted to Lady Gore Booth, are given. Her son, then a schoolboy of 10, was tho percipient, and her youngest daughter, then aged 16, also gives a first-hand account of the inci dent, as follows Lissadell, Sligo, February, 1S91. On the 10th of April, 1S80, at about half past 9 o’clock a.m., my youngest brother and I wero going down a short flight of stairs leading to the kitebon to fetch food for my chickens aa usual. We were about half-way down, my brother a few steps in ad vance of me, when he euddonly said “Why, there's -Tohn Bluney. I didn't know ho was in tho house!” John Blanev was a hoy who lived not far from ns, and he had been employed in the house as hall- boy not long before. I said that I was auro it was not he (for I knew he had left some months previously on account of ill health), and looked down into the passage, hut saw ne one. The passage was a long one with a rather short turn in it, so we ran quickly down tho last few steps, and looked round the corner, but nobody was there, and the only door he could have gone through was shut. As we went upstairs my brother said, “ HOW l'ALE AND ILL JOHX LOOKED, and why did he stare so?” I asked what he wasdoing. My brother answered that he had his sleeves turned up, and was wearing a large green apron, such as the footmen always wear at their work. An hour or two after wardsl asked my maid how long John Blaney had been back in tho house. Sho seemed much surprised, and said, “ Didn’t you hear, Miss, that he died this morning ?” On inquiry wa found ho had died about two hours before my brother saw him. My mother did not wish that ray brother should he told this, but ho heard of it somehow, and at once declared that he muBt have seen his ghost. Maiiki, Olive Gobi; Booth. This apparition, says Mr Myers—“unless we explain it as a telepathic impression pro jected at the moment of death and remaining latent for some hours before it attained ex-' ternalisation—may possibly he taken as show ing something of continued memory in the departed boy." a “ ecexe” om the lawn. Another even more extraordinary case, sent to Mr Myers with the true names, bnt with a request to conoeal them and some local details on account of the painful nature of the incident described, is the following:— Our informant, whom I will call Mrs M., writes under date 15th\December, 1891 :— “. . . Ono night on retiring to my bed room about eleven o’clock, 1 thought I A FECULAB HOACUNS SOUND, and some ono sobbing ;as if in gieat dis tress of mind. I listened very attentively, and still it continued : s> I raised the gas in my bedroom, and then went to the landing window of whici I have spoken, drew the blind aside—and there on the grass was a very beautiful young,girls in a kneel ing posture before a soldier, in a general’s uniform, sobbing, and clasping hor hands to gether, entreating for pardon ; hut alas! he only waved her away from him. So much did I feel for tho girl that without a moment's hesitation I ran down the staircase to the door opening upon tho lawn, and begged her to oome in and tell mo her sorrow. The figures then disappeared ! Not in the least nervous did I feel then ; went again to my bedroom, took a sheet of writing- paper and wrote down what I had seen.” [Mrs M. has found and sent us this paper. The following words are written in pencil on a half-sheet of note paper: “ 13th March, 1880. Have just seen visions on lawn:—a soldier in general’s uni form—a young lady kneeling to him. 11.40 p.m.”] ... “It appears the story is only too true. The youngest daughter of this very old, proud family had had an illegitimate child, and hor parents and relatives would not recognise hor again, and she died broken hearted. The soldier was a near relative (also a connection of my husband’s), and it was in vain 3ho tried to- gain his—the soldier’s —forgiveness.”. (In a subsequent; letter.Sir X. Y.’s career is described. He was a dis tinguished officer.) “ So vivid was my re membrance of the features of the soldier that some months after the occurrence, when I happened to be calling with my husband at a house where there was a portrait of him, I stepped before it and said, “ Why, look ! There is tho General!’ And sure enough it AX AITABITIOX AT WESTAIIXSTEB TOWN HALL Here is an instance where the decedent, who has been interested in an event which was closely approaching when he died, seemed to choose the occasion of that event to manifest his continued interest in tho friend whom tho little crisis—a theatrical performance—concerned. The account. of tho apparition two days aficr the death of the person was written down by Mr Myers from the verbal account of the precipient, and and corrected and signed by her:— 4th August, 1890. On the evening of the Saturday, 2Glh, 1890, I was engaged with my sister and other friends in giving an amateur performance of Tbs Antigone, at the Westminster Town Hall. A passage led down to several dressingrooms used by the ladies who were taking part in the representation, and nowhore elee. None of the publio had any business down this pas sage, although a friend came to the door of the dressingroom once to speak to Borne of I was passing from one dressingroom: to another, a few stops further along the pas sage, just before going on to the stage, when 1 saw iu the passage, leaning against the door-post of the dressingroom which I had left, a Mr H., whom I had met only twice, but whom I know well by sight, and as an acquaintance, though I had heard nothing of him for two years. I held out my hand to him, saying, “Oh, Mr H., I am so glad to see you.” In tho excitement of the moment it did not occur to me as odd that he should have come thus to tho door of the dressing-room—although this would hove been an unlikely thing for a mere acquaintance to do. There was a brilliant light, and I did not feel the slightest doubt as to his identity. He was a tall, singular look ing irisn, and used to wear a" frock coat buttoned unusually high round the throat. I just observed this ooat, hut noticed nothing else about him specially except his face. Ho was J LOOEINO AT JIB WITH A SAD EXPBBSSIOX. When I held out my hand he did not take it, bntBhook his head slowly, without a word, and walked away down the passage—hack to the entrance. I did not stop to look at him, or to think over this strange conduct, being in a great hurry to finish dressing in time. Next day, as a number of us were talking over the performance, my sister called out to me, “You will be sorry to hear that Mr H. is dead.” “ Surely not,” I exclaimed, “ for I Baw him last night at The Antigone.” It turned ont that he had been dead two days when I saw the figure. It may be added that Mr W. S. Lilly states that he was present at a party when Lady M. suddenly, informed her sister, Miss J., of the. death of Mr H., and he bears witness to Miss J.’s extreme astonishment, and her exclama tion, “Why, I saw him last nightaf‘The Antigone’!" A CASE OP “SPIBIT OUABDIANBHXP.** : As regards “spirit guardianship,” Mr Myers thinks it need not greatly surprise anyone “ if that impalpable telepathio con nection which sometimes seems to bei long maintained between - two living persona were to persist after the removal of one of them by ’bodily- death:” The -writer of the following, who is personally known to Mr Myers, is the wife of Colonel Wickham,' of 7 Comeragh road west:—• “ On the-evening of 13th Mareh, 1878, I was dressing myself to go to a dinner party at Admiralty House, Vittoriosa, Malta. I-haa accepted Admiral and Mrs- invitation muen against my will, as a dear friendwasly ing seriously ill at Brighten. However, tlio latest accounts liad been to cheering aud hopeful that I had allowed myself to be per suaded by my husband into going. AX KKUli'. tT.KI.1Sl! WAS CRKKI’IM: OVKf: MK in an unaccountable manner, but I tried to throw it off, and succeeded in doing so to a certain extent: still, something made me turn my head round and stare into my husband’s dressing-room, which opened into mine. I distinctly saw a hand waving backwards andforwards twioo. I rushed into the room—it v.a» empty. Soon afterwards my husband came upstairs, and I told him what I hud seen, but he put it down to .As we crossed the water the cool night air seemed to revive me, and I began to laugh at myself for j letting my imagination play such tricks.: We got home, somehow, and X dragged my self upstairs to my room, and commenced un dresssing. Whilst taking down my hair 1 distinctly felt A HAND TASSVD OVEE MV HEAT) AXn NECK as if someone was assisting mo. I told my husband—to bo laughed at. I knelt to say my prayers. Instead of praying (as I had been need to do), for God to make my friend well, I, without any will of my own, prr.yed that he might be taken out of his misery. I went to bed. Something came and lay be side me. Iclangtomy husband, who tried to calm me, assnring me there was nothing there to hurt or frighten me. A COLD AIOETH SEEHED TO FREEZE OX MV CHEEK and I distinctly heurd. “ Good-bye, Sis, good-bye,” in my friend’s well known voice. Still my husband declared ho could hear nothing. I said, “ I am suro Jlr Abbott is dead.’’ My husbaud ssiil I was hysterical and over-wrought, drew me towards him, and held my hand till I fell asleep—for X suppose it was a dream and not a vision I had. Be this as it may, I saw my friend come into my room; a livid mark was across his face. He was DRESSED IN A NIOIIT-SHIRT, and his feet were hare. He carao and sat beside me—told me he was dead—that he had left mo some mony, and beforo ho died had wished to make tome alteration in his hsquest, but tbe end bad come so soon be had not time to do bo. Ho repeated his “ Good bye,” kissed, me. and disappeared. I told my husband of my dream and marked the date. Five days afterwards a letter with a deep black border came to me from my friend’s brother, telling me his brother had passed away at 10 o'clock, 10th March. Allowing far tlio difference of time, Mr Abbott must have come to me either just 'beforo or just after death. The legaoy left me was as he had stated, also the faot that he had intended to make a change as re garded it, bnt though the lawyer was sent for he oame too late. August, 1800. These are only 8 few of the cases given by Mr Myers.—'• Pall Mall Gazette.” 