THE AWAY. G. B. BUBGIK, IN The Ludgate Monthly. " Pro-fess-or-r !" w I'm coming, my love. ;.. I'm coming. Can't you see 1^-1'm—.coining î" somewhat lamely concluded the Professor, suddenly tifeen aback to find- that Jie hadno excuse ready. Mrs Wayne inserted the book o£ her parasol into the Professor's coat-tails, and landed him wriggling, flashed, and impolently furious upon the verandah floor. The Professor glaTedat her. " If— if you were only a student," lie-said wratbfally, " I should know how to deal with you" Yon—you pat me to open shame. How am 1 to assert myself at the dinner-table before the9e New York gourmands, if you're to come fishing for me at all hoars out of that accursed window. D'you take me for a catfish?". Wyncroft," said Mrs Vf ayne sternly, " a truce to this prevarication. Wave yoa been twenty-9even times round the gravel walk at a brisk run ?" " Well, you see, T was engaged " " Have yoa, or haven't you? The truth, if you please. Don't prevaricate." "Well, no—I—I—I haven't. I loathe the gravel walk. It's—it's j>erfectly beastly to go trotting round there like a camel in a circns "Camelsdon'ttrot,Professor. They're like you, lliey shuffle." " Well, I haven't ; and I don't mean to. There ! I'd need the seven capacious stomachs of a camel to hold all this filthy water you make me drink. I'm not a tank." " Have you taken fourteen tumblers of the sulphur, ten of the saline, and half- a-dozen from the warm spring ? Answer me." "I've no intention of becoming a mineral water company in my own person, so I haven't done anything of the sort. If you'd only let me alone, I should enjoy the place far more." " Let 3'o~u alone, Professor ! "-Why, what d'you suppose I came here for ?" "To make me uncomfortable," the Professor wrathfully retaliated. " I can't imagine any otber reason. Isn t this place alone enough to do that? Look at the forest primeval. You would come—dragged mc from my .books— from McGill University—from all that made life worth living ; and now, if I speak to a good-looking girl, you haul me away as if I were a bull-frog on a hook. There's an English girl who is thoroughly up in tbe Coleoptera." The Professor darted to the window and looked out on the verandah, waring liis hands excitedly to a party of ladies ; who were slowly walking around the house. Mrs Wayne followed him to the window. A clearing of twenty acres had been made in the " forest primeval" for the building of the Caledonia Springs botel, a garnit, wooden erection which was given over to solitude during the winter and spring. Beyond tbe rude gravel walk, were charred stamps and rotting trees ; beyond them, nothing but forest pines towering to the sky—primitive giants knee-deep in ferns and undergrowth. Three little streams of water welled up from the heart of the bush ; three little green pagodas sheltered tbe sacred streams ; three times a day was the Professor haled tbiiher by his wife to drink an uncomfortable quantity of whichever spring they-first reached; three thousand times a -day the Professor wriggled and writhed, and vowed to end such intolerable tyranny. And this had gone on for a week. For a whole week, the «lite of Montreal, and Ottawa, and Toronto, and 3Sew York had sat on the verandah, watching the struggle with languid interest or amusements The betting was rather in favour of Mrs Wajne. Professor Wayne looked so email, and fragile, and childlike, in his alpaca coat and light trousers ; and Mrs Wayne so tall and stern, with a Roman nose which her enemies averred bad been stolen from some unhappy man and affixed to her own face. She was accustomed to rule tbe Professor with a rod of iron, and her daughter Cynthia also. When she commanded them to pack and leave Montreal, they , packed and left the same evening ; when she ordered them to cross the Ottawa at Grenville, and take the L'Original stage for Caledonia Springs, resistance never entered their minds. Tired, dusty, mosquito-bitten, s worn out, they reached the Springs. Withont allowing them to efface tbe strains of travel, Mrs Wayne marched them down to the Springs to quaff of the healing waters. Cynthia and the Professor did- not . want to be healed «' But," said Mrs Wayne, " you don't suppose we're going to stay here without drinking enough to last us for tho rest of our lives? Drink, Professor. <3ynthia, ' drink." The Professor and Cynthia had been drinking, metaphorically speaking, simi Iar bitter draughts for many years Wherever Mrs Wayne dragged them, there were to be found the waters -of Marah also. Oftimes, the Professor would wake in tbeniglt with dim visions of escape from this hateful tyranny, but at dawn he resumed his chains. He noticed that even the mosquitoes avoided his better half. Oh ! the pity of it that • be hadn't the sense of a mosquito. And now, when that delightful English girl pitied his misery, Mrs Wayne hauled him on to the verandah with her parasol, and made him appear ridiculous in the eyes of everyone. It was unfortunate, too, that at the very moment he «heuld bave been folding forth on tbefreedom of Canadian institutions. - All men weje free, the Professor had -etateds " All men were free except——^- ^ The Professor," addei thfr English girl, as he disappeared through the window. \- I wish to speak io yon, Profeesoiy said Mrs Wayne *peverely, hooking hîm back into the room. '.--»• »• - ; The _ Professor sat down;-- "My ^ dear;4' fa he 6aid.ge^y^id«n't ^Iwi^j'lf you, but if thifl:goe8 «n^ch-ioagM^jM shall be off/? 'tàmv Pooh J" «aid Mrs W^jfatrô&fetnptf;* nously. "YouWieihe £onisiàiBtù>a^&s;&< ostrich." A»***»* " I was noVjft)IftftjjJPWtfiilniiFjjlftiig ing to be knitin the sunshine, chasing butterflies,' " I was not Alluding to my health. I—I- raeFeJj-thfew-out-a-biot. If yon can't see it noWj^perhaps you,«ill some day. : Hainan endoran&vas; well as the human stomach, has its limits." Mrs Wayne vouchsafed no answer to this remarie. "jtfrFraser comeedown to-aùgbt," she said. " Yoa will commaip. Cynlhia to injury, him*" ? -• » • " Why,'lie's older than I am," said the Profceàor. " Besides, there's Jimmy McLeod."" " Mr Fraser comes down to-night, and vou will command Gynthia. to marry hitn.'^ . " I "'shall do nothing ôfthe sort." : " Yes, you will, Professor. I'm the head of our household." " Ko," said the Professor, stung iCto open rebellion. " You're not. You're a tyrannical usurper whose reign is over. FH not submit to it. You're too fond of power. My life's a burden to me. 1 don't much mind it for myself, bat yon shan't make Cynthia unhappy ; and she shall marry Jimmy." Mrs ; Wayne was astounded- " You dare to turn, Pro-fes " "Of course. You treat me like a worm, and even a.worm is.fcUoweà todo that." ïhe Professor looked around tie gaudy parlour. Something carried him back to the youthful days when in a fit of enthusiasm he had proposed to his wife. Then her nose and viewj on life were not so pronounccd. She had even been fond of him, and mended his socks. Now their condition was scandalous, unless Cynthia could get at them surreptitiously. In those days he had dreamed of happiness, of love, sympathy, .hope, joy, ambition. Now, he saw himself a disappointed, battered old man, whose only hope was in Cynthia. . What had become of his day-dreams ? Where had everything vanished that he shonld be nothing more to the world than a bookworm, a mole burrowing through dark ways which never lead to the light ? Oh, it was bitter to look back upon the arid, dusty road, bitter to stand halfway down the hill of life, and to feel that nothing remained of all those noble aims those fervid desires, for the future of his fellows. Life had slipped away, leaving him only a poor old man, very tired of the struggle—a disappointed old man. who was followed at every crook and turn of the rugged path by a hook-nosed Nemesis—a clog—a drag-weight — a chain which bound him to the earth. Oh ! the pity of it ! The pity of it ! Ah, well, it was the humour of life, the way of the world. He would laugh ere the tears welled forth—laugh and cry to the world : " Laugh, laugh, laugh, poor insects. Come all ye cheap jesters, all ye poor, tinselled fools in motley, all ye painted clowns and mummers. Tickle each other with the coarseness or delicacy of your humour. Jest v.i£h merriest quip and crank—jest though love be dying ; jest though the honour of the world be tarnished ; jest though battle, murder, and sudden death, famine and fierce want, assail ye ; jest on to your fellow insects ; jest on, until something catches you by the throat, and death, grimmest jester of all, waits vainly for you to set the table in a roar, whilst you lie with none so poor to do you reverence." *o," scoffed Mrs Wayne, " you intend to turn, Professor ?" The Professor came back to everyday life with a start. " Good-bye," he said, and walked aimlessly away. Something in his manner startled Mrs Wayne. She watched him walk to the edge of the clearing, and plnoge iato its sombre depths. Bow-chill and dark they looked ! And the sky was blackening. Little eddies of dust whirled upon tbe gravel path. One by one, every boander struggled on to the verandah.. The young elms by the porch bent like whips, and swayed in all directions. Suddenly, the wind fell. Crick! dash! crack! Summer lightning played upon the panes. " What is it?" she asked breathlessly What's the matter ?" " Only a thunderstorm," said a boarder, âs the lightning ceased, and the flood-gates of heaven were let Ibosè. Cynthia rushed into. the. room, her hair loosely flying. " Papa, papa !" she cried, wildly looking round. " Where papa ?" ; Mrs Wayne pointed to the sombre woods, with a vague sense of peril There !" she said solemnly " I sent him. Guess I'll have to go after and fetch him back." Cynthia looked at her mother, as if inspired,-but she said nothing, Then she hurriedly- went to her room CHAPTER II. The Professor stumbled blindly forwards into the heart of the bush. His sole desire was to escape civilisation, and that Roman nose. For a long time his course lay along -the bank of one of the streams which had wrought so - much of his woe. The water he had swallowed seemed to magnetise him .in the direction,-of the parent stream. With an effort he tore himself away, making solemn vow never to touch water again, Onward he toiled over the trunks dead pines—deceptive, prostrate pillars which crumbled beneath the- tread, and nearly broke his legs às he came through to the parent earth, rand pungent clouds of dustwood rose rankly to his nostrils No birds were to be seen ; -they preferred the outskirts of civilisation to this vast hypsethral temple, the pillars of which hid the far- away sky from his sight. The solitude, ithe. terrible loneliness of the bush appealed to his inmost soul. He was alone with that . great , goi Nature. • Nature did not thwart and vex him she held out metaphorical •axfas to this stunted venerable child of hers,-.and welcomed him back with .effusion^ "i Her dark cool cloisters lured him on. He roamed for miles without fàtîguè^eelaiming.as be-wen|y.dHanatie jfggip^ts from A'jHhA; £hocphor3fe'H JEschylus to<• thestately trees. -Whw wearf iftt-ia^illd^iredr.diie; sat down on a carpet©f- mossj-and slept io£, e^^-slept 4ftway aU?,imembrance r j|>f cwwreM^. calpajy throngh^the *teWtias oniy jenose can ^leep -who *est on Nature's s^S^ety^^ &OSB;>. He^woke, .wit&é Alliât, w- dbBttr resflyj^ll* ffMfiftnilbliuklyiOTUUlr It.was nearly dark, Tue Professor remembered the past. Ho would not -go feaek to that woman, Pgrth from ^starvation (was preferable ;. ,and yet hB hungered, i How was he to find bis way out of the bush ? He scratched his head reflectively, and tried-**» recall • Fenimore Cooper's Indians, as he.gazed, through the gathering gloom. .-They always barked the tree?, or noticed which way the moss grew, or some -stupidity, of that sort. If the moss grew one.way the man had to go the other. Was that it? Or. if the moss went one way, the man stayed where he. was, and the tree , He gave it up in bewilderment. Had his mind collapsed? Then, he felt a giant pine all round. - Moss grew .on all sides of it. Fenimore Cooper, was a fraud, a humbug, who knew nothing about woodcraft.- - «• Bother the trees-?'-' he -mattered ; "Whydon't they read «Leatherstockïng' or* The Last of the Mohicans ? ' In course, mister," piped -a-rShrill treble from tbe gloom. ..." Y«n ain't jjot nuthîn' to eat, and" you blame the trees. In coarse." -••-• The Professor jumpei high f in the, air, ^ and held up his hands.; î^Doji't shoot ! for mercy's sake* don't .shoot!" lie, yelled. You've got the drop on me. I —eli—I believe that's the-proper phrase to use on occasions, of - tliift; t sort^.as a— token of submission»." . .« A shrill laugh echoed throngh the gloom. "You can help yourself," said the Professor. "Don't yon see I can't èmp'y my own pockets if I have to keep my hands up. Be logical, I can't hold up my hands long ; they're stiff." " Then you can ^ast drop,., 'cm, stranger," sai4,therVoice. I gue?s yer ain't got the hajjg pf these .parts.", " Don't talk about hanging," ,im- ; piorod the Prdfessas, as he dropped his arms with an air^of relief,, " My dear sir, do come out of that—pardon the expression—infernal darkness,-and -show yourself." " Not much," said the voice; ' "What d'ye take me for ? Good- night." " Stop !"' yd led the Professor, in an agony of excitement. Don't leave me here. I'm lost." He moved a fewstnps • forward. « Lost !" he repeated, bitterly, " and starving "-«r * s "Sure it ain't a put-up game?" asked the voice, cautiously . ^ . . . " Sure." re-echoed the Professor. " You'll swear " " Anything," eaid the Professor. " Yon heard mc just now." There was a low ripple of laughter from behind him. " Reckon I did, mister. You ain't no Sunday school slouch from'the Four Corners." " No," said the Professor, adapting his language to that of the unknown. " I ain't. Certainly not. I—I wouldn't do it." " I reckon yer white," said the voice. " What's yer name ?" "Professor Wayne," said the Professor proudly. " A name not altogether unknown in the annals of " Again tbe voice interrupted him. Guess yer can't wait much longer. Aren't ye darned hungry ?" Darned—I—ahem—I'm ravenous," aid the Professor. Well, you kin go on," said 'he voice, " till yer git to that red pine fitly yards ahead." Tlie Professor went on. Pine bcuglis rustled in the gloom. This palpable darkness grew more horrible, blacker, denser every moment. The resinous odour of the pines made him hungrier than before. He stumbled limply forward, with only the snapping of an occasional twig to warn him that he was rôt alone. The earth was damp and •lippery ; strange things brushed against his face ; fome soft-furred animal darted between his legs. Oh-h, it was horrible ! If he could only see the blessed light of day—only—what was that shining redly through the trec3 ? A fire. Thank heaven ! The Professor stumbled forward into little clearing with an exclamation of delight, and fell on a log. As he did so, the slight figure of a girl emerged from ihe darkness and sat down on the other side :of the fire. Tbe Professor fumbled for his card. We are all creatures of habit. " Permit me to introduce- myself," he said, offering it to the girl. She took it composedly. " 'Taint no use, mister, I can't read." " Pardon me," said ', the Professor. I—apologise—for my—my unpre meditated language just now." The girl laughed, displaying as she did so two rows of white teeth. She was about eighteen, with a face—at least, all that he could see of it—as copper-cohmred as an Indian's, an 1 carried a light rifle in one hand. Stout leather gaiters protected her legs. She held a bundle also. When she came, nearer the fire, the Professor discovered that her fair hair was cropped short like boy's, in . much the same- way that Cynthia wore hers. . Hé felt reassured. She. did npt look dangerous. : Her short skirt and tightly-fitting jacket were of dark cloth. . S'posin' we has somethin' to chaw, mister," said the girl,-producing a gridiron, and opening the bundle. " We kin talk "after." "Delighted," said the Professor. We—eh—idiomatically speaking— will chaw.". The girl took some meat from her bundle, and -raked ont the glowing wood ashes. ; " Thar's a spring way back," she said, " you tuck up yer cuffs, mister, an' git a dipper of water." The Professer did so, despite his vow never to „ touch, water again. The girl produced two tin plates, and a chunk of corn bread. When the meat was cooked, she gravely cut it in half, and handed one the Professor. jt^h^pAe in," she said laconically, and i iji® Professor waded; Oe-jiever forgot that ambrosial meal. •The girl was evidently pleased by his pfactica} appréciation. She watched pejaknife in hand, with an amused ^BmjJftr^,. sort of a stranger," she said, " an' not fenowin* as you was jest " in fjerpiiskus like, why, I no- forks, v If," she added, droite^ if, Professor, you'd let on as I might have expected yon, why, I'd a. sent for a tablecloth, and slung on more style." The Professor accepted .her apologies in -pgrfecfc good faith, and assured the girl that his own aim in life was to escape the effeminate luxury of an effete civilisation.- "That hein' so." said the girl, "I reckon it's all right." •'-- Quite «0," said the -Professor. "Never enjoyed anything so much in my life." . " It's—it's rather suddin', ain't it ?" the girl asked. . " My dear Miss " the Professor hesitated. " Have you a card ?" The girl looked gratified. ,She had evidently never been asked such a question before. "I reckon I'm called Mirandy, if that's what yer meai^." " My dear Miss Miranda, how can. I thank yon for your hospitality ?" . "'Tain't nuthin', Perfcssor. Yon'd à bin asleep now if I hadn't tickled yer nose." V VJBS, I suppose I should." " At first," coutinucd Mirandy, " I thought it was Pap, and I was goin' to draw on yer." " Pardon me ; you—eh—were going to do what 77 * The girl raised her rifle with a significant gesture. . ".Piug yer," she said briefly. " I've runned away." ...j " Do I—eh—apprehend you to mean that you would have .killed the author of your being-?" Mirandy nodded. " That's tbe size of it, mister." " . Her cold- blooded ferocity, appalled the, Professor. " Oh, of course," he said uneasily. " I daresay it is the custom in these parts. Doubtless hfe deserved it. I—eh—have no wish to pry into family quarrels, but might I ask the reason ?" • 'Taint much to quarrel about," said Mirandy, listlessly, as she leant forward and looked into the tire*. " Dad's goin' to plug Jake 'cause I'm his best air! ; an' I've conned awav^.au'. I'll plug.,Dad % - That's all." " That s all. I see," said the Professor, " quite so ; nothing could be çimpler. A little family disputp. which will have to be settled by Homeric methods." ' Guess I'll move out of this in a day or two," said Mirandy. lt!ô gettia' too crowded." A sob choked her utterance. She looked very slight and forlorn. Then she proudly brushed away her tears. 'I don't like it at nights," she said. It's quiet enough in the day. But at night there's all sorts of curious little noises in the trees, an' the winds, sorter speak to yer, kinder frighten, a body. Now and then a branch snaps or something plumps into the water. It's real lonesome now Jake's cleared.out, and Dad not plugged yet*- -Keal lonesome." The Professor touched her hand gently. 'My poor girl Î Let me try to pujt things right for you." * 'Taint no nse," said the girl. " Yer don't know Dad. He don't allow no : liberties to be taken with him. No, She was busily en gaged, putting another portion oF meat on the fire. 11 Guess I'll cook this," she said, " for that old woman in the glade over yonder;" What ?"said the Professor, his hair standing on end.. " What ? What sort of a woman ?" "Well," said Mirandy impartially, " she ain't much to look at." " Rather a prominent nose ?" " She's all nose." The Professor gasped. " It—it must be my wife. She's come after me." " Guess she's lost too," said Mirandy. " Next thing. Pap 'ill happen along an' there'll be some shootin'." Tbe Professor skipped to his feet. He was touched. In a few brief sentences, he hurriedly explained the position of affairs to Mirandy. " She's downright skeart," said Mirandy reflectively. " Most as skeart as I am o'nights. You. just tackle her while she's broke down, an* you'll win " " I will," said the Professor firmly. " I shall never get such a chance again. Give me the platter. Now for deatn or victory." "My!" said Mirandy admiringly, "you're reai grit. She's uglier than Pap." The Professor halted. " She—eh— must be sorry, Mirandy, or she wouldn't have come after me." "That's so," said Mirandy. ."You just sorter rear up on your hind legs and tackle her." .. You'll see me through ?" he asked. Mirandy nodded, and they set off through the gloom with cat-like steps. In a few minâtes she-halted. " There she said. " There ! look at her !" CHAPTER III. Professor - Wayne looked—and recoiled. The inky darkness of the night had passed away.- A 'weak, watery moon shone down, into .the .glade,;and .tinged with a grey ashen pallor the trunks of the adjacent trees. In thé centre of the bearing sat a female figure upon a little hill ; and this figure, from time to time, rocked itself despairingly to and fro, and wept copiously after the manner of femaies who don't quite know where they are. The -woman was elderly, with an enormous nose, and tangled grey hair which had escaped from its fastenings and floated out from her shoulders in snaky coils. Her eyes were red and inflamed ; she looked broken, bent, sub dued, and utterly crushed ; one of her shoes had burst at tbe point and her toes stuck out. Her costume, battered and torn by the bush, was muddy and disarranged. From time lo time she angrily brushed away clouds of mosquitoes. Tbe repeated attacks of these irritating insects had all been centred on her nose, which now was truly of Brob dignagian proportions. The Professor could not restrain an exclamation of pity, as he gazed on this utterly forlorn and woebegone wonian Then she began to speak. Which was unwise. "Ah-h," she cried, rocking herself to and fro. "Ah-h ! it's all my fault. What did I want to aggravate him foi^? v The Professor was moved-to pity. \- " Most likely he's dead by this time, and I'll never get another - husband— never!" * s o a h h a s *' That is extremely probable, shpuld any aspiring candidate for the post know as much about yon as I do," muttered tbe Professor angrily.. . ."I—I. call it indecent/', ; _ • < , "Hush-h-h !" said Mirandy. "Listen to her." The woman cast up her eyes mournfully to the surrounding tree tops. . " Here am I," she said, " lost in tbe bush. I'm tired, hungry, footsore. What's to become of me ?" Nobody answered this very natural enquiry. "And he was fond of me once. Kever cast my nose in my teeth, like the others did." " It would have [been a physical impossibility," said the Professor, as he contemplated the abnormal size of that more than sufficiently prominent feature, "Why didn't he bully me?" she wailed. " Why didn't he thrash me as I deserved 7 Why did he go away and leave me a lonely widow ? rI know he meant to kill himself.". "Fudge!" said the Professor, "I didn't mean to do anything of the sort." "And I «vas so proud of him," sobbed Mrs Wayne, to the pitiless moon. "So proud of him, though I didn't dare to let him see it. I never met a man of his size who could usa such big words, and he was the only man who ventured "to take me out sleigh-driving when I was a girl." "It"—it was-a bold thing to do," said the Professor, in a pleased whisper. " And what I'll jio without him to. worry at, I don't know," deplored Airs Wayne, with a fresh outburst. "He was such a lamb." "Gratifying, very," remarked the Professor. "I haven't had anything to eat for hours. and I can't get out." She looked round. "Seems to me, I can smell meat srçnewbere. P'raps it's Indians. I—I don't care. I'll club tKe Tot..* P'raps they've eaten him—the poor lamb ! " She lifted a big sapling from the ground, and prepared to set forth on her errand of destruction. " Noble woman ! " said tbe Professor, his heart swelling with pride. " I'd like to see the Indians who'd stand up against her. She'd. clear out the camp." Mirandy laughed silently, as the Professor advanced towards his wife, plate in hand. " Sophronisba," he said majestically, I bring you food." Sophronisba screamed, and let fall her club. "It's you, is it?" she said ungraciously. " Put it down. I thought you'd be somewhere about here." The Professor reflected that she was only dissembling her joy with an outward show of indifference. " Yes," lie said, " it is I," and put the plate by her side. For some minutes the Professor affected to be scrutinising the surrounding scenery. When he again faced his wife,' the platter was empty. " Help me up," she said sternly. " I'm going home. I've had enough of this foolishness." The Professor did not stir. " Goodnight," he said coldly. Mrs Wayne sat down on ihe ground with startling suddenness. " I give in;" she said. The Professor again assisted her to " Pardon me if I don't quite understand you. We had a little difference of opinion this morning. I think we may take it as arranged. If not " " If not ?" " Here you stop," and he moved towards the shadowy trees. Mrs Wayne's heart quailed. She could stand death, but she was afraid of ghosts. The spirits of dead trees b»d haunted her for hours past. " You siisucuerstood me," she said I—I came after you to explain." " And Fraser goes back to town tomorrow ?" , ; " Ye-es,*' very reluctantly. The Professor turned upon her fiercely. " Woman," he said, *« I will not ex tort anything from your fears. Years ago I loved you—years ago ; and now, we, husband and wife, have trodden different ways, sundered, drifted apart, quarreling, and bickering, and hiding our chains out of sight. God knows it has not been my fault. Have I ever denied you anything? Have I ever doubted or mistrusted yoa ? And now —and now," his voice rang out in bitter corn and anguish, " you want to sell nr daughter to that hoary old millioni'reV and-'blight her young life as you ave blighted mine." She "knelt at his feet. He put his ands before him with a gesture of bhorrence, as if to shut her out from his ight. " And we ^once loved," he said, Loved ! . Can you imagine it ? I was to become famous, you were to help me, We were to go through life hand in hand. Have we done so 7" She made no answer. Only crouched still lowei.at bis feet, as if to bide her face from his sad, accusing eyes. " Why should 1 appeal to you ?" he said, "why,? Come, we w.ll go back to the old slavery, the old quarrels, the old bitterness, till death do us f art. Break Cynthia's heart, break mine. It doesn : matter. You have already ruined our. live?. Come !" But Mrs Wayne, weeping, clung to his knees and begged for pardon. She humbled her pride in the dust, and there in the shadows cast by the pines, with the moonlight streaming down upon them ; there, amid the hush of the dewy night, husband:, and wife came together again. Torn, dusty, dishevelled, dis figured, they were indeed unsightly ; but there was that within their hearts which banished all thoughts of mundane things Gone for ever the tyranny of the past vanished all doubt, suspicion, distrust, Great Mother Nature had taken-them to her heart and healed them with her magic touch. The Professor openad his arms, and Mrs Wayne sank wearily upon his shoulder. Then she came back to everyday life. "How are we going"to get oat.of this ?" she asked, in her customary keen tones. , "Follow me," replied the Professor jani she followed meekly, as befitteth one who recognises the superiority- of her lord and master. Mirandy! led them what appeared to be many weary miles before they reached the spot whçre the Professor had starte 1 in the morning. Jhen she disappeared and the Professor. sneaked up to their rooms - without attracting observation, When the Professor came downstairs, again, his , first impure , was, % jfind. Cynthia and tell.her..all abont the ,t3ay'a adventures.. He discovered her watching for him, on the verandah. Cynthia did not appear to be. at. all anxioqs, but looked.charmingly cool ani «imposed, , "Sit down, papa;" she .said, as she, rocked idly ^.o and fro. The Professor was hurt. " Aren't you just a little bit unfeeling,. Cynthia ?" }he enquired, 't,We. , might have been murdered, and yet you ait there with a book in your lap, as cool as cucumber, Cynthia laughed.., " Reckon you ain't ..BO Sunday school slouch from tbe Pour Corners," was all she said. The Professor staggered back against, the house. . . . . - Miranda !" he cried.. - Yes, dad," answered 'Cynthia demurely. " I wasn't going to let you old people lose yourselves, so,I dressed, up and came after you." ... " YOH said the Professor, you I'' " Yes, 3ad. The bush is only five miles across, and you and ma.hôvp been going in a circle for hours.. I knew, every inch of it. It's done mother good.. Dad, if you ever betray me, I'll——" " What 7" asked the Professor. " Plugyer," said Cynthia. Then she ; flung her arms round the Professor's neck and kissed him softly. " Is?—it all right now, dad ?" she asked. Yes," said the Professor.. "^Henceforth I mean to assert " ; " Pro-fess-or-r !" called a well-known voice. "Come in to supper!" And they went in. 