COMICALITIES. There are millions in it — The world. A Bootless attempt — To get up stairs with out being heard by your wife. A Man full of spirits is not naturally given to sober reflection. The man with a boil on his neck never borrows trouble. He has enough of it. She (tragically) : " Take back the heart that thou gavest." He: "Never mind the heart — just fork over that diamond ring." Mrs. Prim: "Jchn, we must discharge that new music teacher." Mr. Prim: "Why so, Maria?" Mrs. Prim: "I heard our girls say he has a delightful touch. " Priest (to a very sick man) : " Now, if you have any earnest desire in your heart, name it." Sick Man : " I want to get well !" Aspiring Poet : " Don't yon like the meter of my new poem? So light, you know." Critic: " Yes, almost light enough for a gas meter." Miss Plumleigh (choking): "Oh, Mr. Dndekin, I — I really think I've swallowed a dreadful fly! What Bhall I do?" Dudekin: "Deahgirl, better swallow some fly- paper." " What shall you give me, pa," she said, "Upon my welding day?" And pa with gravity replied : " I'll give you, dear— away." Mrs. Oldboy : " Oh, you needn't talk, John. You were boand to have me. You can't say that ever I ran- after you." Oldboy: "Very true, Maria ; aud tha trap never runs after the mouse, but it gathers him in all the same." Sunday School Teacher; "Who made the sun and the moon stand still?" First Boy: "Adam." b. S. T.; "No." Second Boy: "Moses." S. S. T.: "No. What's the matter with Joshua?" Class (in unison):. " He's all right !" A Very poor actor having played the- part of the Ghost in "Hamlet" for many years, Siphir, the German wit, on seeing him, said : "It would be a good thing if this man gave up the ghost, so ihat somebody else could take his part." - Life is Short. — " My darling," she mur mured, "yon know that I love yon. Is this not enough for the present ? Be assured that I will set a day for our wedding as Boon as it is possible." "That's all right, Miranda," doggedly replied the young man, " but I hope you will remember that I've got to be married in this sait, and it won't last for ever." Why She was Anxious.— " But why are you so very anxious to see a whale, Mrs. Trotter?" asked the captain, after the lady had asked for the twentieth time if one was in sight. " I want so mnch to see one blubber, capta.iu. It must be very impressive to see such a large creature cry." Photographer's Assistant : " Mrs. Van Perkins complains that her portraits don't look like her." Photographer: " Complains, does she ? She ought to be grateful. ' Found His Groove. — Dobbins: "Do you know, my friend, that when the Rev. Gouger officiated here I felt that he never would be appreciated. In fact, I don't know where he would.be." Jobbins: " Weil, he seemed to have sense enough to know that, for he went as a missionary to South Africa. The natives there not only appreciated, but relished him." A Fast Colour. — Excited Old Gentleman : "Didn't you. say, when I bought these socles, that yoa'd guarantee them a fast colour?" Affable shopman : " We guarantee everything." Excited Old Gentleman : " Well, sir, I wore them one day, and they made my feet so black it is impossible to get it off." Affable Shopman (triumphantly) : "Well, I don't see what you want of any faster colour than that." No Rails. — A wedding ceremony was to take place in one of the prominent churches. The bridal party had not yet. arrived, but were momentarily expected, when a small boy put in an appearance and gazed long and curiously up the main aisle. "Humph "he muttered, disdainfully. " I don't see any." " Don't see any jrhat, -boy?" asked an inquisitive tuber '7- standing near. . " Don't see derails, of coarse." "Rails! Rails for what?" said the usher, in wonderment, as" a email group gathered round the boy. " Why, for toe bride's train to rpn on— see PJ And the Jhoy escaped, and there followed a stillness so dense yon would have heard a oough dropon the door-step' around the corner. Hk Guessed It. — " Fine mornin', jedge." "You've guessed it. Yours is ten dollars and. costs." Died at the Post of Duty.— An oldualt, on hearing of the death of his old master the captain of a frigate, dashed away a teat'and said: "What did he die of?" " The rupture of a vessel." "Ah, that's better. A glorious death for a sailor !" .Two Likenesses. — Young Billops (feeding his best giri after the theatre) : "Let me give you a little more of this pudding." Best' Girl: " Yes. It so reminds me of you." Young Billops : " Because it's so sweet? Tee- he Best Girl : ( ' And so soft." Answer to an Old Motto. — Marion was in a room with her mother, where she saw upon the wall the illuminated text : " What is Home Without a Mother ?" Spelling it out, she said : " Mamma, why don't they put the answer to that conundrum up there?" " What is th« answer ?" asked her mother. ' ' An orphan, oi course," answered Marion, with great satis faction. "I guessed it easy." 