Local and General. A CHBISTUAS TBŁS.—A very eojoyablc gathering- took place on Friday night at the Presbyterian Church, Rail way-street, Granville, the oocasion being a Christmas tree demonstration in connection with tbe Saoday school. The attendance numbered about 200, and was made np of parents, children and their friends. The trees, two in number, were placed at tbe upper end of the chorcb, and were laden with almost every conoeivable article of toy ; great, coustquently, were tbe delight and admiration of the juveniles. At 7.30 p.m. the Bev. B. Jackson, M.A., took the chair, and opened the proceedings with prayer. A hymn was then eung, after which the rev. gentiemun proceeded to award the several prizes won by tbe aoholars of the school, accompanying each presentation with a few kindly words. Prior to this ceremony esch child belonging to the school had been handed a ticket, and subsequently tbe chairman and Mr. J. B. Browo (Technical class) stationed themselves at a tree each, and for fully 30 micutes they were kept busy handing out to tbe children tbe articles corresponding with lbe numbers on their tickets. During the evening several pleasing musical •auctions were renderèd in a staging competition. There were about 15 entries, all . . . « - » • — — proaen. tation, Ihe Bev. Jackson spoke of the services rendered, as organist, by Miss Xiblet, aod concluded bv calling for three cheers for that young lady. Cheers were also given for the Bev. R, Jaokson and Mr. Brown, and a very pleasant utd social evening was brought to a close by the rev. gentleman pronouncing tbe benediction. CBBXBZMAB UAHOL."—On Thursday erasing, 2ind i est, a very interesting entertainment wu given in St. Mark's Schoolroom, Granville, by the Bev. H. Dunlop. The subjeot chosen was an ever popular one (es- — a t this season of toe year)— 11 A its Carol " (by Charles Dickens.) There waa not a very large attendance, but tbe audience was thoroughly appreciative, as wa eridenoed by the oloae attention paid and the Applause that followed, as the rev. geolloman graphically depicted the various scenes conneoted with " Scrooge" 1 and his supernatural visiter "Harley"» Ghost.' During tbe even, tag a number of miscellaneous and amusing •lews were shown by tbe aid of the magic lantern manipulated by Mr. Dualop. We are informed that it is the intention of that gentle* man to give another entertainment in aid of Ihe school fonds when it may be "«py^fl that then, will be a latge attendanos, seeing the highly successful issue of Mr. Dunlop's first effort in Granville. Ta» D MA JOR RAILWAT CASS.—Tenders were »esed by the Bailway Oommistioners on Wednesday, for the manufacture and supply of three dummy oars' and five trailiog cars. Four tender® were sent i&, the lowest beta* thftt of Me«m. fludsooUrothers, Limited. SXKVICB or 8ojro.—On Monday evening last a uervice of song, entitled " A-Child of Jesus," was given in the Congregational Church, Good street, Granville. There was a very fair attendance, ^ and the service vras conducted throughout in a highly satisfactory rnqgner* The anging by the choir and friends was very good. The Hev. J. C. Harris was in the chair, and Mrs. Robilliard gave a series of oelect connective readings, which were very much appreciated. A very pleasant os d enjoyable evening was brought to u close by tiie chainnan offering prayer.—Mi^ EU' accompanied the eingingon the organ. StaPTi.. H. Losghottom and J. Tetlcy also aaeistefthc singers. ST. MAUS'S CHU ECH.—Special services were held in St. Mark's Church of England, Gran* ville, on Sunday last (Christmas Bay). The chureh had been prettily decorated for the occasion with garlands of ohoice flowers festooned here and there, the Communion table snd railing looking very well indeed. There were good congregations, both morning and evening. The Bev. D. Ê. Evans-Jones, who preauhed at both services, selected for his texto portions of Scripture appropriate to the occaaion. A special tea lure in the services was the choral music rendered by the members of the choir,. who had been carefully trained for a considerable time past by Mrs. H. Ooutts. That lady certainly deserves to be oongratulated opon the result of her untiring efforts io bringing the choir to such perfection. In tbe morning tbe carol " A child this day ie born," was rendered as well as several Christmas hymns, and during the offertory Mr. L. Proudlock sang the solo, " Nueareih " (Goonod). In the even 1 THZ HSCE.VT HaBaomz FAULRT.—Ou Thursday the water police oontinuod their search fur the miasinp fivo bodies in connection with the recent boating fatality at the Heads. No more dragging WUB done, the police confining their attention to the shores aDd beaches of the varions bays &t; the mouth of the harbor. No bace of any of the bodies -was found. The funeral of JSlizabeth Grayer and David M'Gregor, two of the victims, took place at Bookwood on Thursday liany of those preaent bore wreaths of flowers and other tokens of mourning. Tho hymn "There is swoet Best in Heaven" was sung, and the burial serrioe was then read and the coffins lowered into tho graves. The graves were ooverod with flowers. N>w QROCKET STOES.—Mr. Arthur Dennison, 1st. manager of the Granville Cooperative Store, ia about entering into business on his own account. As can be seen by reference to our advertising columns, he hu secured the premises on tbe Oolonn.de, lately occupied by the Co-operative Company. Ur. Dennison announces tbat he will be prep.red to sell cheaply and will only keep articles of the beat quality and brand.. Tbis should ensure bis snoop». He is well sud favorably known and we trust that he will have a prosperous career in his new venture. A LUCKY Eecars FOB^IES.—On the evening of Boxing Day Haiy Lawson, a young widow, went for a walk near Melbourne, with a man wLo was paying his addressee to her. Ho complained of feeling ill. He sat on the grasx and fell on his sido, and never spoke again. Mrs. Lawson ran for holp, but was unable to Snà tbe place again. The body was discovered on the following morning. A verdict of deatb from natural causes was returned. Subsequently the decoosod was identified by his wife, whom ho deserted last January, as Alexander Walker. Ho was a well-known criminal, and had only been out of gaol a few months. GENUAL GOBHON LODGE, L.O.B.B.—At the last meeting of tbe General Gordon Lodge, Loyal Orange Benefit Society, held in the Primitive Methodist schoolroom, Granville, Ur. Andrew Smith'was ra-eleoted to represent the society on the Medical Institute Board of Management. THE IHT&RCOLONIAL; CBIOKKTOSS.—Tile Intercolonial cricket match, New Houth Wales v. Viotoris, was concluded onThursday. Iredale who on Wednesday last had ?» to his credit, brought bis score up to 101, but none af his comrades made much of a stand. The innings closed for 365, leaving tbe Victorias* 187 to win. This tbey did with the loss of two wickets, Trott (70) and Trumble being tbe not out men. The match, Victoria v. South Australia, will commence on Saturday. ACCEPTED Tannins.—'Th. following Unders have been accepted by the Public Works Department:—fraction of ward for feaales at the Hospital for Insane, Pamun.Ua, W. J. Green ; manufacture in the oolony, aupplv and erectioo of t»o steam cranw^ur Iloania wharf, Hudson B rot.. United ; erection of kitchen, etc.. Hospital for Insane, Parramatta, George Bootbby. f T. AKDanw'6 CirtmcH.—On Sunday last tbe services at St. Andrew's Cburoh, Parramatta, were of a character suitable to tbe occasion. The pulpit was occupied by the Bev. J. W. Inglis, who preached powerful sermons both morning sod evening, taking for his subjeots " A visit to Bethlehem M and " A rétrospectif the closing year," respectively. Appropriate hymns were sung, and in the eveoing un anthem, " Seok ye the Lord," from tbe pen of Mr. Finluyson, was rendered by tbe cboir during the offertory. In the afternoon a children's setvice was held, at which Mr. Inglis delivered an interesting talk about Christmas. A DAUNO BOUBEBY.—On Sunday night last, or during the small houra of Monday morning Mr. Bisney's Bhop, Church-street, Parramatta north, was the scene of a daring robbery. The man in charge left the shop at five minutes past 11 on Sunday night, and Mr. Wise, who generally sleeps on tbe premises, was also absent. Oo the stores being examined at 9 o'olock on Monday morning, it was discovered that a bold burglary bad been psinetrated. Panes of glass in a window of the store at the rear of the main buildings were found to bave been broken. It appeared that the intruder bad gained an entrance through the window, and had then wrenched the lock off the door from the inside. A room upstairs had then been visited ; and a raid made upon the proprietor's stock of groceries, Tinned fiih wss fonnd by the shop-keeper, strewn about the floor and Terendah ; and some damaged pot. 0f English jam, on the floor, made it plain that, whilst ransacking, the robber or robbers bad not bothered much about the proprietor's interests. It is surmised that the main store was attacked from the rear. £vidently a panel was takes ont of a back door, and a Ud suit through the opening to admit the prinoipal in the affair, for «n a flour bag below the opening there is ihe prini of a small foot. It is stated that money (some £310s) wss taken from the cash box. A sugar bag • was emptied of it. coûtants, and presumably filled with gtooaries, eto., conaiaUng of about lOlbs of tobacco, soma candles and pickles ana other s Mticle». The bargltrr appears to have been perpetrated by unskilful hands, but the daring manner in whioh windows were smashed and doors wrenched open, jurt off a main street, and » , vere^fairly-populated locality, iia matter for no little sunrise. I rVîw 8 Ï™ or 8«rTsri«LD Lo»o«, M.D., i.u.U.r -At the Uat meeting of the Loyal nTll a ".""bfijld Ijidge, held in ths Lecture uau, Smithfield, the eneigetio secretary, Mr. a. o. Andsnou, was dented as representative to the Medicsl Institute Board, to succsed Mr. J. Ł. Anthony. V Victoria ku won the intercolonial match with lté* South Wales by.eight wickets. ; Annual general meeting of the Auburn Liierary Institute on Wednewliiy «ext. Secretary Lefts wan^s every member to pnt «V an appearance. * A CHILD BCILDED TO DSITH.—A dreadful ^dent happened to a child named Petciral CTaude Seby (two year» eight months old), non of Mr. Selby, of Water-street, Bookwood, on Saturday afternoon. The father wai preparing to Maid a pig at 4 o'clock, and had a tab of BoiUng water all in readineaa. His little eon was playing about witb a dog, and bsoked Into the tnb. The father polled him out at once aad called in Dr. Fnrnival, of Auburn, but the child only lingered UDt.il 10 o'olcok on Sandar Doming. An inquest «as held by Mr. J. £. Bowdcn, District Coroner, on Tueaday. v MŁ IKOLIS' ACCIDENT.—Mr. Inglis, M.L.A. met with an accident in the Legislative Assembly early on Friday morning. He and Mr. Qrnhime, M.L.A., were on the balcony -of the refreshment-room when, in sport, they began to wrestle. Mr. Inglis fell over a settee, and it was afterwards fonnd that be had broken a. rib. Dr. Hollis and Dr. Ross attended him, and he was taken into the Speaker's room. Subsequently, Dr. Jarvie Hood attended Mr. Inglis, but it waa not till Monday that the honorable member was able to be removed to his home at Strathfield. V FACUMO FBUIT FOR fcxi'OBT.—Thefollowing communication has been received from the Depart»eat of Agricaltare :—" Adrieea reoeived by the Department of Agricoltnre show that the London fruit merchants maintain a lively interest in the question of exporting fruit from these colonies. At the suggestion of the Department several London firms have •expressed their willingness to forward sample •consignments of fruit to illustrate the systems of packing adopted in Europe, and more particularly the modeof packing grapes shipped iron» Spain. By the tt.M.B. Orotava, wfaieh recently arrived in Sydney, a specimen barrel of Almeria grapes, forwarded to the Department by Messrs. Knill and Grant, of London, has been dnly received, aod will be on view is the offices of the Department, 217 Harqnarie* street, on Wednesday, Thursday and Friday in order that they may be inspected by anyone interested in the trade." TBB RosEHiLL- Dcaix EXTENSION PETITION. —The petition to the Legislative Assembly against the Kosehill Railway Extension BUI has been very numerously aigned in Parrm* natta, and will be presented by the member for Parramatta as early as opportunity offers. ACCIDENTATGEORQB-STRBETASYLUM, PA Xamatta. —Jobc Harrison, 42 years of age, an inmate of the Ueorge*street Asylum for infirm and Destitute, FarratnatU, mot witb a shocking death on Satorday. Ue was employed as a oook, and was attending to the preparation of the tea, which was being made in a tig copper. Tbe tea was io a bag, aad weighed 14lb., and while he was attempting to pull ihia oat after the tea bad " drawn he overbalanced, and fell headlong into the boiling cauldron. Two otber inmates were in the kitchen al tbe time, bot they were powerless to pull him ont. An assistant, hearing tbe screams, rushed forward, and caught hold of the man's leg, bnt the skin peeled off in his bands, aod tbe body sank is the boiling tea. Other atsiauoce came, and the unfortunate man was nailed oat in an utter state of collapse. Dr. Waugh was aooo in attendance, bat death ensued three boars after the oocarrence. Deceased WHS paralysed, and had been cautioned against attempt!o g to pall the bag oat. An inqaoat was held tbe Mme evening, before the l%iramaUa Coroner, Ur. J. E. Bowdeo, and a verdict of accidental death was returned. Deoeaaed bad been an inmate of the institution sio ce 1888. 