DEYON'PORT MEMS.; L: (From our own Correspondent.) . Ceioket. — Our cricketers intend holding their annual meeting on Saturday evening, when arrangements will be made for the season. I think we should have a good team this year, and with practice, they should give a good account of themselves. Tabiff Diitirs, — A feeling of relief is experienced, especially by the contractor for tho Water Supply Scheme, at the state ment of the Treasurer that the duty im posed on pipes, which -would mean such a heavy loss to Mr Couston, the : contractor, will not apply to pipes used in any existing contracts, so that the pipes for both Devon- port and Latrobe waterworks will be ad mitted to the colony duty free. ; Hobse Stealing.— At tho East Devonport - Police Court on Thursday, the now notor ious Walter Templar was charged with Btealing a mare, the property jof Mrs Sarah McKay. Evidence was given by Mrs McKay and her son William who fully identified the mare. John Brown, a resi dent of Sassafras, swore that/accused went to his place and offered tho mare to him v/ith d22 in' exchange" "for" a" "horse" ho had. This was accepted on the ; 2Sth :of Septemi-- her. AccusecL-' was' then committed for trial afe thohoxt Bitting of:. the Supreme Court. Templar, who is only nineteen years of age, has now established almost a record for ono so young, as h£vraS";-htT1tho time out on bail ou-a-simvlRfTsh'irge;"v The. Police Hagistrate-:cccupied the "ben'ch.v Tea' ME'etfkg.-The' animal-tea meeting in connection with the W esleyau Church was. held on Monday ' evening, when thbre wte a'lar ge-- attendance. ' After . the;;tea,' which .hadrbTOn-'ptovIdsid -by-' -the dies'tef; tfio .congregation, had; been: par takefi',ojf ' a- pnhlic meetihg was hold;- liir ETD; Stewart occupying" the. chair. "" After' tho57 opening hyinn 'and prayor tho choir rendered the anthem, " When the Lord turned again." Mr Burridge then read tho financial state ment. showing a . debit balance, of £22, which- it was thought the proceeds of the meeting would clear . off. The cshoir ren dered " Flead.-Thoav myV cause;" andwas. loudly applandpd The '.Rev 'J;! Dellihg- follo w0dwith ft'iiua3'irte.%\'and sang, in her uBualityle, " The_ Go'ldon Shore." The Rev Mr Stafford from the Forth, gave, an address, and the choir sang /. £Jo.w the-Rjtbt jHeaveu-iis-. ,:stealing.J' Ah'addretekwas given -!by PaSter'Dhanfber- lain, of Latrobe, and the choir was heard again singing " The Lord is fflyshfiph Sfd," ' and after another address, 'frdm.. the Rev Burridge, tho choir rendered- another an-: thorn, bringing tho meeting to_a.. close.. The total takings amounted to ,£20 and some Odd; shillings.: I .? 7 Cotjrt of Requests.— At the East Devon- port Police Court on Wednesday, before P. C. MaxwiL-Esqb P.M)v.s6me- threei-'cases were disposed of. In the case W. H. Wright v. C, Johnson, claim lot £2 Is! 9d, goods supplied, npitliqr party attended and. it was struck ohti' M h ichuis Jv./B road, an order was made gfor committal of judgment !fle"b'tor; after oxamination'asotdhisriieans,1 hut the Commissoner ordered the warrant to be stayed for a week to allow the money -being- paid-into-Gourtr—Campbell v. Flint oj-dpr for rev few.. of„ taxed, jsos.ts. . After lengtby':argnments,by;Mr Modre dnd Mp\ Hajl,who,appoare.d;.fdr..ithe .parties, all. items, previously disallowed- by-the -ReglsJ- trarvwere; alio wed :by . theJCourt'les's. part o! witnoss' expenses which wero deducted. ;>PdLi'cE,Co,ubt.— On "Wednesday, morning before P.'C. 'MaxweirEsq:'P.M"./'ahd"G. B. Moon Esq. J.P., at the East Devonport Police Court, Walter Templar, the young man whose systematic rpbheries, and arrest we referred to in our last' issue, was brought up charged with four counts of stealing various articles of harness and tools from four different persons. He pleaded guilty and elected to be ftried summarily. Super intendent Driscoll stated that the whole of tho property reported stolon bod been re covered and that the accused had- been ar rested hy Sub-Inspector Collott and two Constables. There had been considerable' difficulty in tracing the property, .and he pressed for a heavy penalty. The Bench stated t'iRy would treat each char ;e as a nvst ollencn, and sentenced aernsed to six months imprisonment on each, tho senten ces to be cumulative. Templar was then charged with larceny o n horse from S-irah McKay at' East Devonport on September 23\. -'i',hQ anumil having only been recovered on the pre/opes day a remand uutil l hurs- aav wm applied for and granted. . . . Ghosts.— Gn 'J'uesdfty-evening Mr-R:'Cr - Oldhatn read » parwir at the Library, West 'Devonport, ia connection with the Devon- port Literary Association on " Ghoets." There was a good :Ct tendance, and Mr Old ham's paper was well received. At the ' clossi a discussion ensued - on the suhj«>ct, when a number of good ideas wero ventil ated by.jsevpral of the members of the Aa- sqciatiqn.pre3ent., . ..- , V | ' Wabnii.-o to Rowdies. — At the East Devonport Police Cpnrt oh .Wednesday, before 'P.'C. MaiVrqli, Esq., P.M. Henry Howard, George Hov/ard,' and- William ;Lamont were charged with disturbing the peace last; week. They ail pleaded not »h<l after evidence, had been, given by Me3«rs' H. if." Downward, George Tucker and John McQuostin' which showed that a -disturbance -had been' created'- by- , some persons at . early- morning, tho Magistrate dismiasod|tho case, stating that there 'was "no evidence to connect the accused's with the. disturbers. At -the same time Mr -Maxwell cautioned thin accnsed ;as tbev had had a narrow' escape from being ;convioted-of .the offence ' com plained of by residents in tho vicinity. i ' ., dsnacheb- op. Education Act.— oh Wednesday at tho East De vonport Court, several persons we're charged wit-b neglcct- ing to send. their- children to School as re quired by the Education Act-, but on their promising to do so in future all the charges were withdrawn and costs remitted.. : ! 