SPORTING. RACES TO COME. BORDER TOWN-February 10. Nominations, January 28\. Acceptances, February 13. General entry, February 18. Milmcest.-March 0. Nominations, February 12. Weights, February 20. Acceptanccs, March 4. General entry, March 8. " , Narracooktb-Ma; ch 10. Nominations, February 18. Acceptances, March 7. General entry, March 16. PESOLA.-March 28 and 21. . , Sirathdowsib-March 81. Jnominntions, Maroh 13. Weights, March 22. Acceptances, March 29. ATHLETICS. Si. PATRICK'S DAY STORIS-March 17. Tbe nominations for the Millicent handicaps appear in another column. They are fiatie factory. , . The programme of the Strathdowme annual races will be found in our business columns. Tbe sports in the border district have issued & programme highly creditable to tbem. The tug-of-war infection has reached lie, Ine more recent development of the epidemio has broken out in the form of a £50 purse hungup by the promoters of the St, Patrick b Day sports. Ab the prize is ft handsome one and the sport something of a novelty, no doubt the promoters will be rewarded for their enter prize. The Ararat Cup, value 75 sovB,,Wfl8 won by Mr. Moran's Taurus, the Bon of Hamlet that performed bo well ia the Geelong Cup a few dayB ago, Goldreef waB second and Retrieve third. . The Tasmanian Turf Club commenced their annual summer meeting on the Moubray Race course. The sport opeued with the Trial Stakes, which was appropriated by the favorite, Indolence, well known in Melbourne j Laurel, a local horse, ran second. Serpent won the Two-year-old Handicap from the Victorian colt Pumice Stone, and 8gain the winner was favorite. Next came the Cup which was the principal event of the afternoon. The Vic torian contingent centred all their hopes in Mr. E. Samson's mare Bodkin, but Bhe failed to catch the judge's eye, and the event fell to tbe well-bred Retreat, a son of the Melbourne horse The Assyrian, followed home by Hope toun and Bodkin. EUand, who is well known in and around Melbourne^ appropriated the Newnham Stakes from Primrose and Amal gam. The Hurdle Race fell to Young Lapi dist, who beat Medicine and Merry Soul. On the second day the chief event, the Exhibition Handicap, fell to Hamilton, a local nag. The other events possess little beyond local intesest. Candlemas, a full brother to St. Blaiee, who was recently sold in America for £20,000, has returned to England from the Cape of Good Hope. Plutus-a racehorse which claimed the proud distinction of being the oldest throughbred in France-died recently at the age of 28, he hav ing been foaled in 1863, the year of the first Grand Prix de Paris. At the stud he sired Flageolet and other good horses. A forty-mile race is cruelty, but one took place not long since at Monte Video, according to the River Plate Sport and Pastime, published at Buenos Ayrea. The object of it was to test the relative endurance and staying powers of the native horse and of the thoroughbred. The course there is a mile round, and the conditions of this contest were 40 times round and 10st in the saddle. Eighteen started-poor beasts 1 but only four finished, and " the native horses were quite out of it," the journal records,' The winner turned up in Sarah, a thoroughbred imported mare, and she did the distance in 2hrs 13mio, an average of a mile in 3min lO^sec, which is rematkably good when we consider that the Derby has taken the winner over two minutes to go a mile. Another thoroughbred, called Ore Bellado, was second. It is to be hoped that the question having once been tested, no more experiments of Buch a terribly trying, character will bB made, A brother pressman (says The Sportsman) waB having an argument the other evening over the merits of tho several teams which took Eart in the recent tug-of-war, which was won y the representatives of old Ireland. Said the pressman to a Hibernian, who naturally was of opinion that his countrymen were in vincible, "I'll bring a team to beat the Irish men." "Well," replied Pat," I don't think you can. What nation would you choose ?" " Ob," said the member of the Fourth Estate, " they'd be colonials." " Then you'd have not a ghost of a show," said the Tipperary boy. Then, just to finish up the wordy warfare, which had got a trifle boisterous owing to the o.p. nature of the whisky partaken of, the pressman raid, " I'd back a team of bullocks to pull the Irishmen !" The following is from a London exchange "Nothing or earth will upset a horse's stomach. Thig is not because the horse does not feel the pain, but simply because the horse has no gall bladder. Has anybody ever seen a horse Bick at sea ? Has anybody ever known an emetic to have any effect on a horse ? At a bull fight a horse may bo seen eating with its entrails trailing on the ground. As to the contention that a horse is not as sensitive to pain $s a Qian, I think that a bprge is probably a great deal moresQ. There is no living creature, not even a hysteripfti woman, as nervously sensitive as a horse." i MaH'olio having gone wrong has been scratched for all engagements. I The horse Ben Bolam and the owner and trainer were disqualified for twelve months by I the Albury Racing Club at last meeting. The rider, contrary to instructions, won the Selling Race, and the owner entered!a protest against his own horse oh t^e ground of paving run at an unregistered rjieetiiip,' apd the result of the enquiry'vyag th$t' it wad found the jockey had been instructed not to win. RUSTICUS. I 