LOYE BETTER 1 THAN SACRIFICE: t$I INTERNATIONAL CONFLICT, [Copyright^ CHAPTER XX, A OAPIH7LA.TIOIR, Bv OSOAR E A E K j Am I expected to eay that Mr. Mowbray's S.o^befcw^nthe departure of Mr. BurdiSk Md the Second appearance of Dormeen wera of » very humiliating and painful catairef Then I must disappoint an expectation BO little jMta'fled by an accurate underflter,diDg 0£ tW»; ientleman'6 character. He very quickly throwh the rather noisome hog m which the Amerioan had left him sticking, and speedy reached ground firm enough to bear his weight. Ha tadeavid tbe gilding, and, indeed, had adaed to it : r^esh layer, whioh, if not as thick an fine as. Jlft • Ld hoped to see, was yet immeasurably better Santo have the old gilding stripped entirely away What if he had failed to overreach Mr. • Bnrdick? That was a mere moidenc. What il he had failed to marry his daughter to the man o£ hi. ohoioe! He could ehew that impudent young cub's father that he could get on very well without the support of Thomson and Son. What it; he WM about to eat his own words to Dormeen f ' It would be strange it with his mastery of words he could not juggle so effectually as to make that Ingman tonne man see see that that the the earlier earlier interviewhad interview had bee* been, fothSg ffig more more than than a trial trial o/the of the^ strength strength of orhm h. purpose and persistence. And at the worst John WOUOT Mowbray, he reflected, must .till to ninety. | nine one-hundred tbs of tbe universe present urnm- J paired the impoBing figure of a terrene god enoased ' lI 1 Oh!nof While it wonld have been a satisfaction ! without alloy to have reached his goal by bis own mth jet he had oome so perilously near being compelled or turn back altogether, that his • dominont emotion speedily became one of exnl. tation that he should have got so far without ^ disaster The habits of a lifetime are not to be BO easily dinconoerted. There is more bigotry in self- ! worship than in any other form of devotion. Pre. «etre the tubBtanoe and the inoidents wiU get themselves harmonised somehow or other. In faofc, now that Mr. Mowbray oame to think it all over, he bejan to hnoj that he had really hoodwinked' Hr Bnrdick very cleverly. Indeed, too, he had I quite made up his mind to have nothing more to j do with the Thorndons, father and son both, which would be quite sufficiently galling to them i < and now that he was assuted by a disinterested 5 person that Dormsen was possessed of both good birth and money, he should have probably himsell selected that younggentleman as a suitable husband for his daughter, if for no other reason beoauie it , would be wormwood to the Thorndons. Thins easy and simple it is for one, who worships with his j whole soul, to not alone augment euoh virtues as J his idol has, bat to impose apon it other virtues I whioh it has not. " I um informed that you wish to see me, Mr. > Howbr&y;," said Dormsen, as he entered that : gentleman'* sitting-room a seoond time this! evening, "Ah, yes, Mr. Dormsen I Will yon kindly be felted, After you had left me some time ago I began to fear I had been Bomewhat abrupt. Ton will oonfess yourself, my dear eir, that the auddennesi of your communication and its nature were —considering my ignorance of your claims upon my attention—such as oould not fail to reoeive from a father, whose first thought is for hiB daughter's happiness, if not a distinct refusal, yet euoh A modified tone of non- encouragement as would negative any presumption of acquiescence on my part without absolutely destroying hope on yours, until I conld make certain inquiries as i matter of commendable precaution." Christopher Dormsen'a knowledge" of the Eng" lish tongue had very greatly improved in the past winter, but he had yet to leam what conld be done with it when the effort was fairly made. However, though he oould not himself have framed these senteuoes, yet he caught their purport very clearly. " Am I to understand, Mr. Mowbray, that you did not intend, a short time ago, to distinctly and finally refuse me your oonsent I" ifr. Jfowbray opened his eyes Very widely, How f.nrprieed he was that any such interpretation rould be put on his earlier words. "Oh, by no means, Mr. Dormsen I" And then he H.ougbt it well to be faoetioue, and he smiled in quite a confidential and engaging way. "Ah, my dear young friend, when Iwaa at your age such ati interpretation would have been the very last list, my warm desires wonld have suffered me to iwt upon langaage dictated solely by a father's worldly prudence and that affection whioh shrinks fioin parting with a beloved object. Ah," he continued, looking into the fire with a meditative gaze, " / am an old- fashioned gentleman, Mr. Dormsen, Tun see. I cannot entertain the subjeot of the disposal of my daughter's hand without a pang." There were reasons why Dormsen did not oare to make any audible reply to these—proofs, shall we call them I of a parent's singleness of affection, , i/ut he could with great truth aBsnre Mr. Mow- I.j.iy that the rejection of his suit—for so he had onderstood it—had only postponed his purpose not M-Terwhelmedit. "I supposed your language admitted of but one construction, Mr. Mowbray, but 1 i can assure yon it did not dishearten me." " I am delighted to hear that .assurance of the ftieng-fji of your attachment, Mr. Dormsen. The fudoar df the young is always an attractive object of pontemplation tu those whose hearts age has robbed of impetuous fire, though giving in exchange perhapB a more generous depth of . emotion. No ; something* is your manner when }'tu left my room prompted me to ask myself whether I had not possibly impressed an element of finality upon my words, which it was far from ' my purpose to imply, Tou have affected me very ngreetbly, Mr. Dormsen, m the few times we "have met, hut I could not do otherwise than at afftct indifference to your proposals, until I could learn that my daughter, Clara, should regard the matter with at least not disfavour, and that in a more worldly point of view the consummation efsuoh an engagement wonld be likely in all reepccbs tc secure her future happiness; and her happineee, Mr. Dormsen, I do not need to remind , jou, is all I have to live for." "Then am I to gather from what yon say now to me. Mr. Mowbray, that sinoe I left this room } ou have satisfied yourself upon these two point* J" "A—well—not—I should say—well yes, vir. Mr, Dormsen, virtually, I should not — w"'Tou must forgive my Interrupting yon, Mr. -lowlnay, to say that what I have requested of yc.11 >s yout permission to ask Miss Mowbray to 'm» aifM 1 do -iLi not wish anyone to plead my her 01 ';"®Y T, to bring any influenoe to bear HIWO tier. There was a very oonsolons distrust . 01 uie elder gentleman in bis mind, whioh prompted thissuggestion. And the limitation whioh t pnt to bis own action brought a throb of disutn to Mr, Mowbray. Suppose, Clara, loft to nerself ihould decline thiB offer, where would m be r However, there was nothing left now oiitrto accept the eifnation as it was offered to mm, and he bowed with some degree of offended majesty as he went on, " I was about.to say, wpen you . interrupted me and, as yonwillsee, without cause, Mr. Dormsen,-that I shonld not. naverMmiied yon but for fear whioh pressed upon nie that you mighthave interpreted my words tuo harshly, and might be suffering from. ' 0i»hppoi!itment. -Unhappily for one in this rather selfish age," he'continued in n tone of tainted and melancholy rebuke, " I am to eensi- UMy constituted that any suffering of-pun wbidh I can relieve-compels my mstant oare'ancl •• attention. At the risk, therefore, of being thought «y you even whimsical,and of ohangeful purpsees,: 1 could not rest without Bending for yon to-night, and informing you thaf there is no longersany "bjcctiononmyparttoyonraddressingmy daughter,-: ihe rest, of course, must he with her." . How could; Dormsen . do otherwise than tapreM i 'n grateful.thanks something of the joyous reluel felt, or. when'he .went to his room do-otherwise 4ten lie awake half.thp night jcontcmplating thu' "sorrow? The issue did cot justify the father*! agitation, in view of a still possible disaster, laid- ™ probably never ®ame quite«o nearIovine:U» • (laughter as when-ehe Came to him on the follow- | • n g day with .'happyifacB and heart of igladneso,: and he,faiew that all .was weU He had a glow of ^((Blpotion in well-doin^ the like of whioh had been long an .qtiknown eneatioo As Mr.,Bur- • . ai< * tad. predicted he " 10* ^oofl " .. f W he continuea to " feelgood " He<jonfnue« \- . M . "J 1 fitwd" to tliis If is not m his nature, • wieed. to feelothei wiso while lifela^te, while ha >Fxp« whath0 and hip imagination remains of r "x^-bi el.wr.gi iivto crowii In t rople?with ?r »or{; ^P™ He )f v,ill lip 111 the nfxi wprld into , , : . M o w b i a y V i tpnl will, M; W^™ vtAwt Wittwut ,th« np^et |«4 fntho^ tho wovshippers it does not become tue simple ' chronicler to hazard a conjecture. Wo may be sure, however, that by a well-guarded provision of his will and testament, the monument to lie hereafter ereoted to lis earthly remains will contain an inscription whioh will comfort his disciples to the last generation, and forever present to their ripe imaginations a picture of their idol floating cn golden clouds, and always " feeling good." Strict truth, however, compels me to state that le felt best when, on the first of the following • month, he realised that a very handsome sum had been paid into Thorndon and Son, bankers, on his account, that hie maturing bills bad been promptly met, and that he was considerably richer than he ever had been before. He also "felt good," very good, when he transferred his balance to another house. He " felt good" when he gave his daughter a very haudsome wedding, and when he read the accounts of it afterwards in the morning papers. TheEe are the things whioh go to ; make up the chatm of life, over which one can think long and delicioufly, which are delightful in anticipation, delightful in the moment of action, and delightful in retrospect—to some people. As for Percy Thorndon, he received, as ts "drifted along back towards Paris, " a letter from Mr: Burdiok, which held not only a very great surprise for him, but offered no temptation to drift back to Rome again. A. note from Miss Mowbray had already reached him, not those few impulsive lines, written under the first stress of her indignation, hut a more reasonable, prudent, and more calmly penned answer to his earnest plea for a better understanding. But Clara Mowbray was as frank as he had beg-ged her to be, and there was nothing left for him to do but to keep on towards England. Then came this communication from Mr Burdiok, which I give nearly verbatim, making no apology for its length, and only wishing I oould also reproduce the chirography. " My dear Thorndon," it began, " I hope you are not still looking for Marconti, because you are not likely to find him. He has gone, I think, where, from all accounts, even these ridiculous Bbznan aqueducts would be popular. I want to finish, with him first and have done with him for good and all, so I will teU you how it happened. He went back to Capri, Hie friends will say that he repented of what he had done and went back to resoue Dormsen. I think I know him better than to do him that injustice. Between you and me there is no need to disauss his motives. Well then, he went back. He prowled up to the Timberio. It was night and moonlight. He got as far as that little gate, yon remember, that I broke open—and standing there alone with his own soul he heard a step, turned round and saw Christopher Dormsen just behind him. It was enough to frighten him, wasn't it ? WeU it did. It frightened him so that he fell against that little gate, which—let me remind you once again—I'had happily loft rather weak, and down he wont about a thousand feet. So the devil got him at his own rioe, That doesn't sound nice and polite, does it 7 S 'ever mind 1 Sometimes I don't want to be nice and polite. But about Christopher Dormsen'e ghost. Ah, my dear-Thorndon, I think I hear you mutter, 'What do I care for the crazy fancies of that wretoh!' But it wasn't Christopher Dormsen's ghost, as it happens, but Christopher Dormsen himself. Now your disgust tarns to me and yon say, 'This man has had Dormsen on the brain for the past two months, and is the real madman after all.' Well, all I oan say is, if I am wrong about it, Clara Mowbray is going to marry a ghost sometime next summer in London, and you will have a chance to satisfy yourself by the evidence of your own senses, and I will do you the justice to say, that I know no man less likely to be deceived, when he really sees a thing, than Peroy Thorndon. "So! the man you and I fonnd looked astonishingly like Christopher Dormsen—was Christopher DormBen's twin brother but was -. not Christopher Dorsmen. He deceived Marconti unfortunately, but that was not so very renrarkabto because Marconti had not seen the othec often. He deceived us, probably because we only saw him in that dying condition and were predisposed to believe it was the man we knew, though l am not at all prepared to say that we could have told them apart, if we bad seen them beth alive and well, Jnsfc as singular mistakes as that have happened before. " Really the most remarkable thing about it all is, that we none of ns knew that Dormsen had a brother. It was just one of those strange chances that do occur (and yet are so strange that we call them miraculous), that there had been no occasion for Dormeen to mention that fact. When I spoke to him of this, lie thought that of course he had mentioned his brother, but in troth he had not to any one of ns. They had been in Borne together, and then separated to meet again later, but I will tell you all the details when I see you in London. I am not good at writing letters, and this is a longer one than I ever remember writing in my life before. " There is one thing more, though, that I ought to say more about. Miss Mowbray and Dormsen are, as is veryright and proper, engaged to be married, and are as happy a pair of simple lovers at you would" care to see. I know you will be as. glad of it as I am, especially sinoe (I mention this beoause you oare so much for these things over here) he is tip-top socially, and has money, enongh to give Her a new gown every day in thtf year if she wants it, so the old gentleman can, squander his wealth in silver mines, or the New York Stock Exchange, if he chooses to, without hurting her in the least, "Dormsen is writing: yon himself to (thank yon. for wjiat you did for his brother, but he is not likely, under the circumstances, to mention this other matter, so I have. He. is a rather sensitive fellow, by the way—and—well—see here I—it will do him a lot of good if you will say, when you answer his letter, that you have heard of his engagement, and you very heartily and sincerely congratulate him. I know you'll do it gladly, though you'll abuse me for interfering again ; but then again, you see, I kno w you wouldn't be likely todo itif I didn't mention it, because it naturally wouldn't occur to you. And then I kno w your heart isn't breaking." As a matter of faot Peroy Thorndon became engaged the next season to a lady who had been 1 heard to declare—to an intimate lady friend of course—that the only married life whioh seemed to, her to be in any way tolerable, would be onej where tbe husband and wife should require a fresh) introduction to each other everv morning. We may assume, therefore, I think, that fate— or impudent intermeddling—had for onoe resulted) in making four young, hearts happy, instead of leaving two to misery. ' xoosG-man, you liave been commg.to my house almost every, night during tho wholo wmCer, and now all at once vou become cool, and hardly speak to my daughter. What does all this-mean? Explain youreel£!' The young man hesitated, and finally said in a scared sort of way: " I—I came to your house during the wmter, because——' ." Yomig man. if you love my daughter, come out and say so.'""I came because —because I.had no.stove in my room, and I wanted to get warm.' "You can just go to—to where it is h$t without a stove," and the young man picked himself up out on the sidewalk. . . . IHU FASHION IH JOKES.—Tho plumber 30^0 isgettmg.a little out of season, but it may be packed m camphor and will bo in style when tbe freezes corno again.' The-roller skate joke is: very popular tuid is Worn on all occasions, cither with or without trimming. The rich editor joke does not-appear to pSll upon the taste. It is quite becommgwhen worn with' passementerie edging. .Spring/ipoetry:,-jokes are: •undergoing a revival and uio quite the au fait in : recherche circles. With o waste basket overskirt may be worn-either-morning or evening , in the ; • house.. - {The - v0ung-m1]-and-g 1 rL's-pa -joke , holds • its oral; andis really one of tho most popular and faehionablerseen in pohto socictv. - The mule joke :is relegated to the commoner classes,' and mayteally be-: -called"" old fashioned " ItisstiS in favour in tlia rural distncts, and sterns destined-to contmue po for several years. The very-angry-wife-at-three-o'dock-.. m-tho morning joke is not in such favour as formerly, •but still H1M13' insist upon making it part of theirdaiiy wear. Tho hrci pad joke has almost disappeared Occasionally, howei^r, it may be sBen tied jn -with a knot o£ ribbon quite prettily. The honest politician joke is too decoletta to be popular if cut high in the neck it might reign for a brief eafi.on The sleeping policeman joke had many-friends *md bade fair to become courtly in its style, but it lacked tone and fell into lino with ordinary ?tyle Puus are popular with all cla sei \ancty of ways The boarding house pie, hash or gumfilioe steak ]okc enjoys;:a,penodical -i-enaissa-Twe 'niid seems to retain -its ongmal lustre Wheu made up propeily it is still a favourite The young-hufcban^-paregono joke may be worn on evening occasions and is not altogethei out ofstyle. l'he fashions in other luies -continue about the same aepor la t report Of«course,with new demands come new supplies, tod though there is nothing entirely neWj the old things aie«o artieticall worked over' that tfiey "pass jquite iea3)ly fjar original dowgns,— Mtrchmt Traveller <\- * ^ 