A Ghost's Displeasure. I have often been asked if I ever saw a ghost, and have always been obliged to answer that I never did, although I have been given every facility for in terviews with uncanny folk. I never saw anything that I could not account for in a natural way, but when it comes to hearing a ghost, I can truly say that I have had a peculiar and not altogether agree able experience. Some incredulous person may ask here how I know the sound I heard was made by a ghost '; I can only say that the same psychic force that conveyed the warning sound to my bodily senses, compelled me to accept it from ihe supernatural world. I am sure iu ray own mind that a third recurrence of that unholy noiss would have seriously^ injured me in some way. I have passed through perils by fire and flood, but never felt myself in such terrible danger as I did when that Thing of sound enveloped me with its grimace of death. It came to me when I was happy and contented in mind, and with no thought of the supernatural hanging, over me, and at an hour when the world ?was flooded in sunshine, near the close of a balmy summer day. I was visiting a cousin between whom and myself existed a strong bond of liking, a natural regard that made us more than relations — dear friends— and it s while I was at her house that something unusual and unaccountable occurred to me. I was writing a letter, sitting at a desk which had 'belonged to my aunt, now deceased. She, good woman, had scribbled a little for fame, and this desk of hers was looked upon as a sacred relic in the family. ' You can write your letter on mother's desk,' said my cousin Pauline : ' but,' she added, ' that is a privilege we would not give to every one. Per haps you will feel some inspiration there ; I always do.' Now, I had never liked my aunt, good woman though she was, principally, I think, because she did not like me, but my memory of her was neither pleasing nor inspiring. I had looked upon her as narrow and self-righteous. However, I was quite willing to sit at the rose wood desk, with its pretty entourage of writing materials, its bronze ornaments, and crystal paper weight, from which the composed features of Aunt Maria looked forth with photographed distinctness. I had my letter half finished, and paused to look out on the western sunset through the bay window in front of me, when hang ! went something like an explosion in the desk — a remarkable sound. I jumped to my foet in alarm, and looked at my cousin, who sat near me reading composedly. ' Did you hear that 'i ' I asked in trembl ng tones. ' I did not hear anything,' she answered quietly ; 'you arc nervous, Myra.' ' But surely you heard that loud noise in the desk ': ' '* There is nothing to make a noise there,' she said, and going to the desk she threw open the cover and showed me the inside. No, there was nothing there. I recovered myself and presently resumed my writing, thinking I had moved the desk in some way to cause the strange souud I heard. I began relating the incident in my letter and was solely in terested in telling it, when again there came a loud ' bang ' from the inside of the desk, exactly under the cover. It was so loud and resounding that I was sure Pauline must have heard it. This time I did not jump up, but moved my chair back quite suddenly. ' What is it now r ' asked my cousin good-humouredly. ' Did you not hear it, then r ' 'Hear what, may I ask ? ' ' A loud noise like a report in this desk. You must have heard it.' 'I wish you would not be sensational, Myra,' answered my cousin. ' That desk is very sacred to me. My mother died sitting there, and when we found her, she lay with her head on the desk as if asleep. She sat in that very chair.' Then I knew as well as if I had seen her with my bodily eyes, that by some mysterious agency my aunt had come back from the dread unknown, to signify her displeasure at my sitting in her place. And I took good care that she was never troubled again. Not for worlds would I have sat at the desk during the brief time of my shortened stay. I have been asked many times what the noise re sembled. I can only answer that it was like nothing I had ever beard before, but if I could imagine the sound of a blow struck by a dead hand, I would compare it with that. It 'made every nerve conscious of its presence when it gave that ghostly warning. — Mes. M. L. Eayne (in Detroit Free 1'ress). 