IRISH; FAIRIES. Ghosts and goblins still lire and rule in the imaginations of innumerable^ Irish men and women, and not merely^iffremote places, bbtllege eTen'to:'bigT!Ui?5ft'> It is down West wa?4famohg:lhii:.deJp Dijys'':and^^ountain vanoys'b’tjSligVtha'tii have*heard^the best tales andffqund the most ardent belief. ' Thirfe, tnany a peasant dreams of growing rich by finding a fairy’s crock of gold, and many a peasant’s daughter trembles as she passes some famous haunted hillside, and goes over in her mind the names of men and women carried off, as tradition will have it, Co the dim kingdom. Only very recently one of these fabled robberies was reported to have been attempted. A little girl, who was at service with a farmer in the village of Grange, suddenly disappeared. There was at once great excitement in the neighbour hood, because i< 'was rumoured that the fai ■ ries liad taken-her." 'A *villageii'^was"'’sliiJ'to have long struggled to hold her from them, but at last they prevailed, and he found no thing in his hand but a broomstick. The local.constuble was applied to, and he at once instituted a house-to-house search, and at the same time advised tho people to burn all the bucalauns (ragweed) on the field she vanished from, because bucalauns are sacred to the fairies. They spent the whole night burning them, the constable repeating spells the while. In the morning the little girl was found, the story-goes, wandering 'in ’ the field. She said the fairies had taken her away atgrearidfslancef riding on a fairy horse. At last'sho' saw”a big ‘river, and tho man who tried to keop her from .being car ried off was drifting down it—such are the topsyturvydoms of fairy glamour — in a cockleshell. Brides and new-born uliildren are especially in danger. Peasant mothers, too, are sometimes carried off to nurse the children of the fairies. At the end of seven years they have a chance of returning, and if they do not escape then are always prisoners, A woman, said still to be living, was taken from near a village called Ballisodar.e, .and when she came home after seven years she had no too3—she had danced them off.—IP. B. Yeats, in the Leisure Hour. 