' TUB SEPTEMBER MAGAZINES. A cable mensage in The Age last Thursday reports Mr. Chaunoey Dopew, a leading momber of tho Republican party in tbo United Stated, as affirming that if a poll of the American electors ware taken on Homo Rule for Ireland barely 100,000 would be found opposing Mr. Gladstone's peaposal to give effect to it. This declaration Is borne out by statements contained in the introductory paper of the Contemporary Review, entitled An Atnorie&n; View of Homo Rulo and Federation, written by Mr. Albert Shaw. At tho start Mr. Shaw goes further than Mr. Depow by saying, "As an American I believe in Home Rule for Ireland as a matter of course. It is a question in which Americans feel a warm interest, and'about which they Agree with an absolute nnnnitnity. Out of our population of65,000,000 there has occasionally emerged some solitary, eccentric person who has iakoo the view that Irish affairs ought not to be transacted in Iroland, and who has, perchance, thought it a mark of superior independence of judgment to sympathise with the Conservatives in England. But these individual eases only servo to make mors apparent the amazing unity of American opinion on the Irish question." Mr. Shaw undertakes to show how this unity coross to pass, and finds tho reason for it in the American's completo . confidence in the wisdom of his own institutions. As fast as new territory bos been peopled in America it has been conceded full privilege of Homo Rule. Evon after the temporary fraoture caused by civil war, the disjointed States were no sooner conquered than they were at once welcomed to the old household. "The British or any European Government would have held tho subjugated region under military occupation, with some kind of colonial status, tor at least a cen tury. The region would have been Irelandised under coercion acts and military occupation. But Americans had faith enough in the prin ciples of federation and home rulo to res tore tho recreant States, almost before tbe smoke had cleared from the battle Jidda, to full authority . as sovereign members of the Union." "What suits the American repub lic ought, Mr. Shaw holds, to suit equally well the British empire "from centre to outermost province. An interesting article on Tho Growth of Industrial Peace is furnished by Mr. John Rao, based on evideuce plaoed before the Labor Commission, whose prolonged investigations are now drawing to a close. Tlio commission has examined upwards of 430 witnesses conneoted with every branoh of labor excepting agriculturo, which has still to ba considered. Much good, it Is apparent, basbeen effected in various trados by me&nR; of tho boards of conciliation. The first of these insti tutions. known in England was formed in tho hosiery trade 26 years ago by Mr. Mundella, and was purely conciliatory in its constitution. Thrco years later Sir Rupert Kettle established the first board of arbitration in connection with the manufactured iron industry. Arbitra tion held in reserve has helped to make tbo initiatory attempts at a concilia tory settlement more productive. Most of the witnesses, however, protest against tho appoint ment of State arbitrators. As one of them expresses it 1— " Let Parliament mind its own busineBH. We know better what man to select for an arbitrator than Parliament does. We do not want them to foist upon us an arbitrator." How to ovoroomo occasional disobedience to the awards remains a difficulty which Mr. Rae conceives will disappear before a fur ther growth of the spirit of reason and fairness, which has removed other obstacles. Professor Sand&y;, Doctor of Divinity, opens up a very different subject in a contri bution covering some 17 .pages of the magazine, and dealing with Professor Huxley as a theo logian. Dr. Sanday did not read tho contro versies which during the last three or four years have been smartly conducted in the Nine teenth Century , bub he has perused Professor Huxley's collected papers, as lately issued in a separate volume, and gives the public the bene fit of his comments upon them in the Contem porar.y. He. has no objection to offer to the author's agnosticism, but holds that in dealing with these subjeots of inquiry " the Professor is off iris proper ground, and . is betrayed into some very loose writing, in wHich all sorts of incongruous ideas are mixsd up." The famous nrticlo on the miraoloin which the Gndarene swine figuro ko peculiarly, is gently touched ou by Dr. Sauday, who admits that the story is beset with "difficulties," and adds, "the actual migration of tho domous into the swine is uot a point which I should venture to assort with con fidence." There may h'avo boen, ha conceives, in tho interval' which elapsed before the reoord was Completed, "some coloring of the faots by popular belief." Professor Huxley is called to account for the aggressive tone he adopts, while at the same time a sort of excuse is offered for him iu these words— "I do not doubt that Professor Huxley himself is only in part to blame. He is repaying to theology fht same sort of measure which five and twenty years and moro ago theology dealt out to him." Dr. Louis Robinson, who in a previous issue treated of the ways of j infants as elucidating evolution, now per forms a similar servico by dogs. His paper bears the captioQ of Canine Morals and Manners, and is singularly pleasant reading to anyone taking an interest in man's four-footed companion. Tho principal qualities which make tho dog useful in drtnostioity aro traced baok to his savage state, and it is shown how he treats sportsman or shepherd now much in tho same manner as his progenitors behaved towards the loaders of the pack. Tbe evolution of tail wagging as a sign of plea sure is ingeniously worked out. The tail served as a caudal semaphore when dogs hunted together in their wild state, telegraphing tho l'aot of a quarry being discovered, and eventu- ally came to be agitated as a general mark of satisfaction. The success of Sarah Bern- hardt's company in London, oven during tho exoitemeut of a general eleotion, supplies Mr. Georgo Barlow with a pretext for contrasting the English and Frenoh stage, and demonstrating tho Iatter'a incon testable superiority. Professor J. W . Hales has ionic agreeable literary uotcs on The Last Decade of the Last Century, whenoe he traces tho beginning of a kesner appreciation of nature on the part of English authors, and indicates the influence upon them of the great German writers. A valuable contribution to current opinion respecting the British occupancy of Egypt is supplied by Major Otto Wachs, who maintains that itoannot be surrendered without ; inflicting a deadly blow at England's prestige in the East. There seems to be a consensus of opinion among those who take a calm survey of existing Parliamentary institutions, that tho present form of party government will have to give way, sooner or latter, to one where the question of "ins" or "outs" will be made subsidiary to tbe despatoh of public business. In reviewing The Contest for the Presidency, in the Nineteenth Century , Mr. Goldwin Smith points out that party government in the United States prncti- cally prohibits the settlement of urgent ques tions, such as the treatment of the South and the negro vote, from being grappled with by either party for fear of losing asoendenoy. As regards the Issue of tho approaching election for tho Presidency, he says " The contest is likely to be close. The shrewdest and most independent judges appear to think that the odds at present are slightly in favor of Mr. Cleveland. , . . The only thing which is certain, however, is that between this tirao and next November there will rage over the United States a vast faction fight, attended by no small portion of the moral evils of a oivil war." Present conditions are doubt- loss due to the struggle for power that is being waged everywhere between the privileged classes ..and the masses, and this will have to be settled boforo any im proved form of administration e&u; be adopted. Moanwhilo, Mr. Goldwin Smith fears that 41 unless the world oan find some way out of party government, tho next generation is likely to eee serious ttmce." Sir Julius Vogel's elaborate papor on A Zollvorcin of tho British Dominions is an attempt to prove how 14 tho grand result of a duty freo exchange of goods between tho whole of the British dominions, including the United Kingdom, can be effected." At present thore are, as everyone knows, two great obstacle in the way. 44 Tho United kingdom sets great store upon tho froo admis sion of food and raw materials, and tho colonies, or some of them, are inclined to stimulate local manufactures by heavy duties on imported manufactured goods." To make up for the losses that would accrue by the exolneion of foreign commodities throughout the British Empire, Sir Julius proposes a system of bonuses anJ differential duties. Those are to be removed when the scheme shall have had time for successful working, "not sooner than seven years from the date of bonuses coming into operation and not - later than 18 years," when 44 tho United King dom will impose not less than a 10 por cent, duty on all foreign commoditioe, and the British possessions and the United Kingdom will agree to an oxchanga, free of customs duties, of all commodities of their own production or manu facture." Tho fact that some colonics would have to surrender their protective polioy and abandon manufacturing on theirown account, thus swelling the vast army of tho unemployed, is passed over lightly, Sir Julius remarking that 44 at first sight the inducements seem less to tho British possession# than to tho United Kingdom, for many of them will be called upon to relinquish their protective policy; but the protective policy of these possessions has not been designed to permanently bolster up unsound enterprises." A more practical sug gestion, which aims at promoting unity of senti ment throughout English speaking communities rather than a forced reciprocity between antagonistic trading interests, is set forth by Sir Astley Cooper in bis explanation of the pro posal for an Anglo-Saxon Olympiad. 44 Let mo disclaim," ho says, 44 for my vchome any such, ambitious pretensions as Imperial federation. It cannot be Imperial federation, because it invites tho Americans of tbe United States- one half of the English speaking race — to come in ; and they arc coming in. Again it is not Imperial federation, because it aims at tho formation of no political or commercial Zoll- vorcin, nevertheless tho Imperial federalists aro supporting the idea, because they recognise that it is calculated to establish that unity of senti ment without which no political compaot is likely to endure." Sir Astloy Cooper expects i from the correspondence- that rmnr in upon bim from tho- Unittd States and tho colonies to shortly make a commencement with the athlctio division of his programme. For this ho adheres to bis pre viously expressed opinion that 44 no money prizes should be given at all, but that instead soma symbolic trophy bo given, to the victors." To the objections urged against this intention in the press, that Sir Astley 44 does not under stand tho inner workings of tho modern athletic mind, or ho would never h&vo; made the proposal that there should bo no monetary prizes," he replies that 44 he cannot believe motives are so irretrievably sordid whero the University athletes contest on the Thames and at Queen's Club for the honor of the victory alone." A trip that Lady Galloway took through Maoriland last year is being pleasantly told by her under the somewhat unattractive title of GLobe Trotting in New Zealand. With tho exception of the lofty mountains, Cook and Egraont, all accessible parts of the North and South Island were explored, and a landing was even made at Stewart's Island, the southern most of the group. The Rev. Dr. Jessopp tells a story called Swanton Mill, that ho has 44 gathered bit by bit during the last few years" in his intercourse with tbo inhabitants of tho Norfolk parishes he has made bis readers familiar with, wishing thereby to counter&ot; a former statement for which he has been taken to task by tho critics, that "in EastAnglia thore was a conspicuous absenoe of anything like romance or that which we understand by scntimont." It is a somewhat grim domestio narrativo that ho makes public, lest it would 44 soon he quite for gotten unless it be put on record," but it is re lieved by those inimitable touches of nature that make all his contributions pleasant reading. For those who aro not tired of hearing about the sayings and doings of Carlylo, an early lovo story of tbe philosopher, told by Mr. George Strachey, under the titlo of C&rlyle; and the 44 Rose Goddess" is full of interest. It was during his first visit to London, that when visiting at the house of Mr. and Mrs. Strachey he saw Miss Kitty Kirkpatrick, the rose maiden, and writes of her in his diary. 44 1 remember on our Approach to tho house the effulgent vision of 4 dear Kitty' buried among the roses and almost buried undor them, who in sight of us glided hastily in." Sir Herbert Maxwell recalls an almost forgotten hero, Stilicho, whom he designate. The Last Great Roman, whoso unbounded infinonco over tho Emperor Theo- dosius he oompares to that of Bismarck over tho first Geim&n; Emperor. Some personal obser vations on tho Protective Color in Animals, by the Rov. R,' G. Johns, gives somo new and homely illustrations of this interesting study iu natural history. Besides these contributions, which are the most readable in tbe number, other contributions include Tbo French Empress and tbe German War, a Reply ; Iu Defence of Short Service, by Gene ral Sir John Adye, and a ch&ptor; full of anec dotes about the clergy by Ludy Catherine Milnes Gaskell, called Some Talk about Clergy men. Now that a small majority in favor of Homo Rulo baa been seoured by Mr. Gladstone, tho chief anxioty of hit supporters is to expedite tho passage of a measure through Parliament. And Mr. Frederic Harrisou, in the Fortnightly Review, Bays that tliis can only bo done by adopting tho s&mo; stringent measures in regard to deb&to; as obtain in the London County CounoiL How to Drive Homo Rule Home is the titlo of his paper, but he says this 44 cannot be done in the old style with the pro- sent House of Commons, with a majority of only 40, and that composed of dilferent groups with aims of thoir own." Mr. llarrison is sanguine that 44 it will be dono by new and moro vigorouB modes of Parliamentary procedure." Sir Robert Ball, the Irish Astronomer Royal, relates all that astronomers can tell us about the planet Mars, now that it is an excep tionally good position for observation. 44 Tho present opposition of Mars," he write, 44 is the best that lias offered itself since 1877, and tho best that will offer itself for many years to come. Heoce it Is that so much interest has been manifested in the present phenomenon. In America the great Lick telescope has been employed in watohing it, and sensational reports have been spread of supposed signals from tho plenot itself. Sir Robert Ball points out, how ever, that 44 ail that the best telescope can pos sibly do iB to exhibit the planet to us as it would be soon by the unaided eye if it were brought into e distance of 30,000 miles. This will demonstrate that evon our greatest telescope cannot be nxpeoted to enable us to answer tho questions that are so often asked about our ncigh- boringglobe. . . . We have beard, "he continues, surmises as to the possibility of tho communi cation of intro-planefeury signals between tho earth and Mars, but the suggestion is a pre posterous one. ... No building that wo could raise, even were it a hundiecl times moro massive than the Great Pyramid, would be dis- cetuiblo by the Martian astronomer, oven had ho the keenest eyes and the most potent telescopes of whioh our experience has given us any conception." That cholera is & dirt disease is foroibly illustrated by Mr. E. 13. Lunin, who, iu his nrtiole on cholera arid cleanliness in Russia, says that 44 from, a hygienic point of view there is not a sound spot in the empire. Food, water, air, clothing, house, streets, aro all contaminated to such a degree that, a a Russian newspaper lately remarked, a century of effort would uot suffice to bring about a perceptible improvement." There is nothing at present to be hoped from sanitary commissions, as, on account of the pre vailing ignorance, even among the more edu cated dories, 44 town counoila are found ridiculing sanitary measures as worse thun useless ; aud doctors eecrotly drain the infectious impurities of their hospitals into tho water which tho unsuspeotiog inhabitants driuk, seriously maintaining in the press over their signatures that sanitation is not de sirable because cholera bacilli thrive in clean water while they perish miserably in filthy fluids." Scandinavia has given yet another dramatist of the sombre, pessimistic type— August Striudberg— whom Mr. Justin H. M4Carthy compares with Ibsen. Tho three plays which have brought bim into notice b&vo; all appeared within tbe last fivo years, and one of them, Fsdren, a tragedy in three acts, is stated to bo 41 the most profoundly .tragic play that tbe literature of the North has yec E reduced, Ib.en'a Ghosts not excepted." Strlnd- crg himself says, 44 People call authoritatively for the Joy of Life, and theatrical managers call for fArccs, as though the joy of life consisted in being foolish and in describing people who caoh and overy one are suffering from St. Yitus's dance or idiotcy. I find the joy of lifo in the powerful, terrible struggles of life, and the capability of experiencing something, of learning something, is a pleasure to me." A new glimpae of Mulroady in Ids everyday existence is afforded by Lady Dilko's paper on the distin guished artist, whose pupil she was, and tbo earoer of the late Prinoo Viotor of Ilohen- lobe, sailor and sculptor, as presented by an anonymous writer, shows that scion of tho ancient Gorman house to have been a very hard working aristocrat, who, when dis abled for aotivo Hervioe in the navy, took up the profession of sculptor us a means of eking out a slender income, and nohieved both famo and motlereto fortune. Marcus Olarke and Adam Lindsay Gordon arc the two Australian writer. singled out by Francis Adams for criticism. Of Marcus Clarke's fugitivo writings, apart from his chef tVauvrc, For the Term of His Natural Life , ho says that his essay on The Future of the Australian Race 44 ia the only thing yet written about the Australian civilisation which can bo said to count at alL" But the feature of the Fortnightly on this occasion is a tale by the editor, entitled Profit and Loss, which concludes the uumbor. Tbe scene is laid in tho United States, and there is a freshness and verve about the manner of telling the story that recalls Bret B&rto; moro than any contomporary writer. 