[A STRABGE WAR STORY, At the breaking out of the civil war I was a mere boy, and our nearest neighbour was a iiorrid-faced, kind-hearted, generous old Quaker. Both he and his good wife had been reared in the south, and after the liberation of their slaves from a sense of duty still retained cuough to surround themsolvos and family with all the comforts which the people of their simple faith care to possess. In those days their great stone house with its thick walls, broad verandahs, and low windows met ray idea of tho castles which wero raised up with my mcagro knowledge of medioval times. The macadamised road that ran through the farm was lined on either Bide with locust trees that in tho period of blooming made the air heavy' with the perfume of the graceful white blossoms waving in a background of green that they almost concealed. A never- failing spring that bubbled up through moss-gown stone was ! embowered in" tho overhanging branches of strong-trunked weeping willows. The great front yard had its driveways cut through a rich sward, and wound among towering maples, j The garden had the earliest, the latest, and tho sweetest flowers. The stock was tho fattest and the best cared for. The negroes who would not leave a kind master and mistress ] found a life or comparative ease and plenty with them. Tho handsome old gentleman was 44 Grandpa Waterson” to all of ns, and the wife, who allowed no visiting boy or girl to depart without cookies, great mellow apples, mince pie, maple sugar cakes, or some other evidence of a kindness that took all the world into her heart, was always “ grandma/7 No nobler ever trod the pathway* of life together, and tho sorrows that came upon them suggested to me as a boy the inscrutable ways of Providence. There wore two sons in the family, models of physical perfection and manly courage. No 1 handsomer could bo found. They were over I six feet tall, had tho light curly hair, the blue j eyes,and the fresh complexion so conspicuous in 1 men of Anglo-Saxon origin. They wore highly educated, and idolized not only by the parents but by the four fair sisters and i untold scores of other people’s sisters. One ! had gone west, and soon established a popu larity that placed him in a responsible public position. The other had remained at home and relieved Grandpa Waterson of ererv busi ness’ care. The startling news of active hostilities Hashed over the counlry. Henry, the elder son, resigned his office and surprised us all by appearing one afternoon without previous notice. The warm family greeting over, Hezny , called his brothor out for a walk, and forgetful j that “ little pitchers have ears,” thoy allowed ! me to saunter along. At the spring wc all | drank, and then followed a long tramp in the 1 shade of the locusts. I almost let out :i shout of mingled terror and surprise when I heard Henry say to Charles in tho language they had always used at homo, “ Charles, I have decided to enlist.” ** I have already done so.” “Theecan’t mean it. Ho father and mother 44 I promised Hath fo tell them to-night. It’B more terrible to me than the dread of 44 Thco is nearer to them than I. Charles. I will break the news to father when wo get back. No one can 6oothe mother or break tho news «o gently as he. I am more than Eorry that thee has taken this step, for I came homo to prevent it. I wanted to make sure that one son and one brother wonld be left. But it is too late. I have consented to command a regiment of sharpshootern, and cannot bononr ably disappoint them. 1 will have a gallant lot of boys at my back.” Hero I broke away so full of importance that 1 ran at top speed. X was going tc tell Grandma Waterson. I would not have those two hand some fellowB stopping bullets. B at I met Lydia, aa pretty a maiden as ever donned a drab dress or dropped a modest pair of eyes, and called all her friends by their first names. 44 Lvdia.” I shouted hot ween breaths, “ Henry and Charlie are going to enlist. It must be stopped,” but by that time tho girl was pale a s a ghost, and leaning against the nearest tree. “Don’t thee say another word.” she com manded in a determined voic?. “ Not another word. This must come from brother Henry or brother Charles. But it will break mother’s heart,” and I joined Lydia in a hearty cry just out of sympathy. Only in alter years did I learn what fol owed. Henry, in his manly, straightforward way, told his father all. Pleading, argument, and persuasion on tho part of the afflicted old man wore in vain. It was contrary to tho doctrine of the non-resistance, a tenet of tho church ; it was raising tho band of his eon against tho relatives who were left in the south, but the brothers firmly clang to their deter mination, gently persisting and doing all poBsihh*. to the poignan* grief thoy in lie bado Henry good-bye, and the broken hearted mother clung to tho neck of her eldest born until unconsciousness released her from the pangs of actual parting. A few days later Charles rode forth, on hi3 own horse, a'gallant black, of Kentucky lineage, and everybody agreed that no liner, braver boy would do battlo for the union. Ho joined the Kmggold Cavalry. Parly in the war ho was left wounded on the field, and was kiudly cared for by a southern family. His chief nurse was a pretty little rebel with soft, wavy hair, great brown eyes, inviting lips,and a disposition aB cheery as the clear sunshine after an April shower. No woman had a right to resist that big, bravo, handsome fellow, and there the union soldier was betrothed to the l>owitching champion of secession. Then Annie, lor that was her name, began to correspond with Ruth, and through this intangible link of connection the whole family fell in love with the little con federate. Charles rejoined his troops as soon as able. After a desperate engagement his company was scattered, and he was hemmed in on every side, except where the rugged mountain* of Vir ginia towered up behind him. Boldly he turned the black, wont flying over foot-paths, leapiug chasms, and forcing his way where few could follow. But there were hold moun taineers in the chase, and when they brought , Charles to bay. the giilant stand he made, ! drawiug his sabre when his revolvers were j emptied, saved his life for tho tune. His ; desperate courage won tho heart of the southerners, and they persisted until he was taken alive. He was sent io Libby, made his escape, we*ifc for days without food, and when at length he found it, ato so much that death lollowed quickly upon the pangs of starvation. Henry’s record was as brief as glorious. His regiment worshipped him. No man of them, westerners though they wore, could outride or outshoot him. He led wherever he asked hie men to go. A giant in strength, he was a hero in courage. At Pleasant Hill, La., he was shot from hie horpo but still fought on, and, alter being fatally wounded, three of the enemy bit tho dust before bis hand dropped senseless to the ground. His remains came homo, and never was brother, son. and neighbour more sincerely mourned. Charley’s story was never learned until after the war. But now cooi es a sequel stronger than the story itself. Grandpa Waterson and his wife had borne their sorrows wvith a fortitude that only people like them can understand. They talked of their lo6t boys, and together found a grim pleasure in reviewing the childhood, the youthful experiences and the manly qualities of tho deaijl sons. Time and time have I seen them at tho end of tho front vertwdah, over grown with honeysuckles, sitting hand in liana talking of Henry and Charles. One day came a letter from Annie, announ cing that she would visit the Waterson*. There was great preparation, for she would have been Charles* wife had ho lived, and she was dear to them in her own right, for she had never ceased to Bend those welcome letters, always bright and cheery save when Charles’ fate forced its way into her thought?. She came to a royal welcome. I imagine now that X wa3 over-officious in piloting her around, pointing out everything that Charles was ever associated with, and gabbling away as a bov, whose voice w at the hen-cackling stage of advancement, will. “Theeis a great cunforfc to us,” Grandpa Water?on used to say to Annie, and when grandma got her orms around the pretty southerner, there was always a gentle kiss and a sweet-voiced assurance that Annie was just os dear as though she wore a daughter. Then came a surprise in the shape of a Iraudsome, showy, bold-faced woman, who an nounced herself as having beer, tho affianced of Colonel Waterson, killed at Pleasant Hill. She had long meaut to visit the family and make hersolf known, but had not been able to do so. Colonel Waterson had left eveiwthing to her, and she produced a will at that late day pur porting to have been made by him. She was welcomed with old school courtesy, but there was a Bober look on every faco that she encountered. I called Annie out at once and held cu indignation mooring. That woman was a fraud, and I knew it. Heury was not the man to fall iu love with any such specimen of her sex. I dedicated my timo wholly, then and there, to watching her movement mid proving my opinion. Tho result will suffice 1‘ without tho details of my dctectivo work. Grandpa Waterson’b watch was. miss vd.. Ail of Annie’s moet valuable, je* cilery disappeared, and tlie adventuresa complained loud aud often about robberies, charging that sho never could trust “ niggers,” Then grandma would gently chido her, andeay: “Theo should not judge. AH these people aro old friends of mine, and faithful.” The fraud would turn up her nose and put on a look of contempt that always set me boiling. One day at the spring she leaned over to use the clear water as a mirror, and froiu some where about her person dropped tlio big gold watch that Grandpa Waiersou prized most ;is an heirloom. I had it in a twinkling, aud the angry shouts of the woman only added to iny speed, I told grandpa, told everybody, I. wauted her arrested, hut * ‘Thee must leave J this m air or eutirely to me,” chocked my ardour. “There must be no talk,” he con tinued. “ f will see that this woman loaves ns. Don’t plead for her, mother, I will only dis missher, that is all.” And he did, after everything hail been re covered aud the forged will destroyed. Wo never heard of her again. The very next afternoon there was a greau clatter of a horse’s feet np the hard road. The rider carao like a rocket, and we all rushed to see who it was, I think that everyone fainted but Annie and myself. She emitted something : between a shriek and a gurgle, vaulted over I fcho verandah railing and landed right in the armB of—big, handsome Charley. He was alive. He was welL Ail that we hud heard was false. He had survived his sufferings after a long illness in the family of a poor but kind mountaineer, und there lie wub, the picture of health, with Annie in hia armB. I sprang into ] the saddle with a maniacal yell. I got two ] little darkeys on bohiud me, W-o tore over the I yard in wild delight, and soon all tlio folks | about the farm were shouting, crying, and wel- 1 coming Massa Charles “God bless theo, son,” was all grandma could say then, while the good old gentlomnn blinked, tried to look calm as the tears rolled downhiacheeks,and thenheBobbed. “Charles, Henry’s wibIi is fulfilled. Thee is left to bless our old ago, and thee has also brought us Annie.”—JMroil Vrce ./Was, 