THE HflUTEfS STRE&flB;'' w |> A DIABOLICAL MURDER. The investigation into the circumstances connected with the death of John Cohen, Storekeeper in the township of ofcirling, better known as Haunted otream Creek, shows that the un fortunate man was foully . murdered while sound asleep. The local police maae some inquiries into the case, and then Detective -sergeant Consldine was sent up to Stirling to make a searchins investigation into the matter. That shrewd officer has not yet completed his inquiries, 9Ut he has discovered sufficient to enable him to arrive at a reasonable conclusion. This conclusion, however, is kept secret at present,, but possibly new developments arising out of it will shortly occur. Tae township of Stirling, which is the modern name for the small mining village situated on the Haunted Stream Creek, is 42 miles distant from Bairnsdale and 10 miles from the Tambo Crossing. Bairnsdale is reached by rail, and the mail coach runs frcni there to the Tambo Cross ing. There is then only a bridle track to Stirling. This track i3 a very difficult and precipitous one, and is only about two feet in width in some places. Should the traveller's horse stumble in any of. these places the unfortunate rider would be precipitated hundreds of feet below on to huge rocks aud boulders. The place was called Haunted Stream Creek, because it was alleged that the ghost of a well-known character called " Bai- larat Harry" haunted the place. Harry was alleged to have been murdered there. It was said that the gho3u would appear occasion ally standing on the edge of the creek to some of the miners who were there in the prosperous times. " Ballarat Harry " is also alleged to have been the missing Roger Tieaborne, aud the story of the murder is told in one of Rolfe Boldrewood's colonial stories. Stirling is in the heart of the mountains, with a road running past it, and the Haunted Stream Creek running just in front _ r : <. fDL — nl. C v. f n .\r rv o Ol Iu« X<? LUVi Usuip LUUolol'o ui a on/i hotel and a few wooden buildings. The total number of inhabitants is 22. At a former period a great deal of gold was got in this locality, but now it is a compara tively deserted mining township. The general store in Stirling was owned by the deceased man, John Cohen, and another man named David Tait. The two were partners in the business. Cohen, how ever, attended to the store, while Tait worked as a miner, Deceased is said to have been in fairly good cir cumstances. They did not sleep in the store, but in a one-roomed zinc building, lined with pine boards, 22ft 3in x 18ft 3in, situated about 30 yards from the store. The nearest place to this sleeping room was an empty butcher's shop, separated from the sleeping house by a pas- | sage of a cul de sac Character, about four feet in- widt- The nearest residence was a hut about 40ft distant, occupied by a brother of the deceased named Edward Cohen. On Friday night, the 5tb of the present month, the deceased and David Tait re tired to rest between 9 and 10 o'clock. The bed "of the deceased was in the north east corner of the room, and Tait s bed was in the south-west corner. They laid, as it might be termed, heads and tails. It is necessary to state this in order to show what a miraculous escape Tait had from a violent death. In the early morning . n . « i i I _ i_. f.n ma/V RftJ fi VQ/1 the otn mst. — rne time uao wuw u«u at 18 minutes past 3 o'clock, as the watch of the deceased John Cohen was found to have stopped at that hour— Sdward Cohen, who was asleep in his hu t 40 feet distant, was awakened by a loud explosion. He jumped out of bed and immediately ran outside. He was astonished, he states, to find the sleeping house in ruins, but he could not at first see any signs of either Tait or his brother. He then went to the hut of a miner named Burt, who resides some 10 or 12 yards dis tant, and gave the alarm. Burt returned with Edward Cohen to the scene of the explosion. Tait was found lying amongst the debris in the south-east corner of the building. He was in a dazed condition, and was in the act of slowly rising from the ground when first seen. There were abrasions on his arms and face. A further search was made and the body of John Cohen was found about 40 feet distant, it having been apparently blown through the roof of the building and deposited where it fniinr! This was at a spot close to a small building at the back of the sleeping house. The sides and roof of the sleeping apart ment had been blown completely away. The deceased must have risen straight from his bed and been blown diagonally across the room thro ugh the roof, Fortum of Tait's bedstead was -smashed, and it is evident that if he had been sleeping with his. head where his feet were that he also would have been killed. The deceased sustained fatal internal injuries, and must have been killed instantaneously. From certain marks on the body, it was evident that the ex plosive used was not gunpowder. An inquest was held touching Cohen s death, and an open verdict returned. Detective-sergeant Considine in the course of his inquiries discovered that what is termed a cantoon . of dynamite — that is, a package weighing 5lb — was n'sing from a stable at the rear of the building, and that a coil of fuse, consisting of 24 feet, had been taken from the store of the deceased. It was also ascertained that the murderer had gone into the passage between the sleeping house, and the empty butcher's shop, and Here first placed the fuse. Any person in this spot would be in a great measure screened from observa tion. The fuse was then taken along the verandah of the sleeping house until the spot where deceased slept was reached. As this sleeping apartment was built on short piles, all that was then to be done was to place a package of dynamite under the floor, beneath the bed of the unfortunate John Cohen. The fuse and dynamite having been connected a return was made to the main cul de sac passage before alluded to. Tt fuse was then setahght, and the explosion oc curred in seven and a half minutes afterwards. Teats have been made which settle this part of the matter with complete accuracy. Marks of caudle grease were also found in the narrow passage, and what is termed the snuff end of the fuse, that is the short end that is partly broken off when the candle is applied to fire it. The distance fom where the candle grease marks and the suuff end of the fuse were found in the narrow passage to where the deceased's bed was situated is about twenty three feet, and pieces of fuse nearly that length altogether have been r found about .the wrecked building. The "coil of fuse stolen from the store was 24ft ia length. Underneath where the bed of the deceased's had stood a large hole was found, and this had evidently been caused by the explosive used. That the explosion was caused by dynamite there can be no doubt, aud there is also very littfe doubt that the cantoon of dynamite stolen from the stable was used for the ! purpose. The terrible force of the ex plosion cm be imagined when one considers what the result of 51b weight of dynamite exploding in a narrow space would be. The investigation so far made entirely does away with the theory of accident, and loauoc t.wrn nfhpr theories to account for the terrible affair — suicide or murder. There is absolutely no reason why the unfortunate man, who was hurried into eternity in such a dreadful manner, should have committed suicide. He was a temperate, fairly prosperous business man. and everything appeaeed to be going well with him. He was not despondent or melan choly, therefore the theory of suicide seems altogether untenable. Then comes the murder theory. Tne whole ot the inquiries . made so far serve to show that the death of John Cohen was the result of a weil-planued and diabolically concocted murder. The steps taken to encompass the death of the poor victim show a fiendish ingenuity, and must prove the murderer a cold- blooded viilian. The above is a reasonable conclusion from the facts of the case, and, having got thus far, the next point to discuss is, Who is this fiendish murderer ? Well, in a small mining township, which coin- prises in all only 22 human beings, it should not be a very difficult task to dis cover the murderer. There is lit-tle doubt that Detective Considine has already in his mind decided who committed this murder, as murder most foul it was, aud it is not too much to say that an arrest may be looked for ere long. Considine, how ever, is still at Stirling, "and has not yet, so it is understood, sent in any report of a con- | elusive character respecting the case. 