THRIEEE IN CH..CiGE. f teY WV. ChAitt ]UitSSELIL. IT is a little incident of ocean life now a good many yea.rs old; but human 1 nature was thhesaneo thuen as it is now; and indeed the older 1 grow tile more i I find humanllu nature the ,anlo how as it was then. Business had cerried me to the East Indios. I had visited Madras, whence I had proceeded to Calcutta, and f:-omn Calcutta I had mnade my way to Ran- i goon. I stayed in that placo a month, by which time my health had suffered so greatly from the climato that I made up nmy mind to return to Europo in a sailing ship, that I might spend many long weolks among the fresh breeoozes of the esoa, and got all the benefit I could out of the incessant ohauges of climate which a voyage 1 down the Iudian Ocean, and round the Cape of Good Hope, and up the I two Atlautics provides you with. There was a full-rigged ship lying ( at Rangoon, called the Biddy Me Dougal. I heard that she was to sail at much about a date that would suit I my convenience, and as she looked a comfortable, stout ship, I inquired the name of the agent, called upon him and asked if I could get a passage to England by the vessel. He answered "Yes; " she was bound to London; sho was not a passenger ship, but the I captain would no doubt be glad to accommodato me withl a cabinl. The charge would be so much-I forgot the figure, but I recollect that it was moderato, something elshort of forty pounds. For this money I was to live on such provision s as were serveld lup at the captaiu's table, but the spirits i and wine I might need I must myself lay in. Next day I wsnt aboard thIe Biddy Mc Dougal to inspect hier cabin ac commodation. On climbing over the gangway I was received by a tall, rather good-looking man, with a face remarkable for its expression of stoern ness. His skin was blackened Iby exposure to the sun and weather, and another shade of dye would have qualified him to pass for a native. He frowned as ho surveyed me, and in quired my businoss on board. "I am going to England in this ship," said I, " and I hlave come to see what sort of a cabin I am to sleep in." " Oh, I bog padou," hie exclaimed, but without relaxing his stern expres sion. " I thought- ," he broke off and muttered behlind hiis teeth. " Who are you ? " said I; " the mate ? " "No, sir, I am the captain." " Ohl, indeoedl" I exclaimed ; " pray what name ? " " Mr. Wilson," Ihe ans'ercd. " It is a fashion among merchant seamen who obtain comumanud to style them solves captaini. It is a piece of imper tinence. 'The only captains at sea are in the royal navy. A merchant skipper is a master mariner. All merchtnt captaiuns are misters. I am plain Mr. \Wilst, sir, alt your service." Hoe spoko with considerable heat; but I w ts willing to attribute Ihis temper to thle weather, whichl was certainly very trying. And then, again, his maen mnighlt haive given him trouble, for nunee rous and deeoop are the worries tid anxietiles of the British ashipmaster. Muchc is expected of him, and little is given. His orow are slender and ignoriant; they charge upon him every outrage? that is porpo trated by the owner, and often would they be glad to cut Iis throat before tho land is out of sight; he ihas no professional probpects, tand when at last Ihe runs his shipi ashore, or loses her in ai gale of wind, or by lire, and is compelled by a court of iuquiry to withdraw from the vocation which he has pursued, if note adorned, man and boy, for perhapsl forty years, there is no other port under his lee for him to bring up in tchan the establishmltcent at Belvedere, which, I regret to see, is always in want. of funds and always inconveniently full. Therefore it was that when Mr. Wilson spolo with heat about slbip masters styling themselves ccaptains, I made "allowances," as the phrase goes, and after briefly acquiesoing in his views, requested to be allowed to see the cabin the agent had offered me. I viewed that cabin, and found it small and ill-lighlted, but on the whole it was-a better cabin than I Ihad ex pected to find on board suoha ship as the Biddy MeDougal. The state-room, in which the meals were taken, wams a tolerably cheoerful interior, very plainly furnished, with a large skylight over the table, a stove for cold weather, a lamp, a clock in the eskylight, and a big telescope in the companion way. There were three cabins forward and two cabius abilt. My cabin was for ward, on thie starboard side. Mr. W\Vilson and I wont back on deck, and we stood conversing awhilo under tihe shelter of an awninig. I asked the nimber of thie crow, the time the ship had occupied in making the outward passage, and so on, and thIen went ashore, understanding that tho vessel would not sail for. another week. Throo days later I paid a seoocond visit to the ship, for by Ilthis tinme I had purclased what I needed, ancd I wisled to see whlere the oises' and parcels had been stowed. On stop ping aboard I behold an immousely steout, red-faced man with a wide strawv bat on hiis Iead, dressed in wlito drill, seated in a clhair with poles attacled to it under tile short awning wvhichl sheltered a portion of tie quarter-deck. Two or three sailors were lounging in the foropart of tihe ship. There was neo work apparehtly doing. Ilooked about for Mr. Wilsou, thie master, and seeing nothing of hbim,, I directed my eyes in search of any individual who might resoemble tie mate. " Pray, what's your business ?" called out the stout, red-fced man without attempting to rise. "I wish to se800 the captain," said I. " Well, you are loolking at him," ho answered. "I do not see him," I exclaimed, casting my eyes'around. " Why, ye can't be so blintd :is all that l" cried thie stout, red-ficed man in a noisy, roaring, yet greasy voico, which he followed on with a succession of hearty chuckles. "I want to soe the captain," said I, feeling much too hot and tired to be nmaode fool of by a rough, shapoloss, red-faced lump of a man such as was he who gazed at me out of a pair of little weak, moist blue eyes, set in the midst of a countenance as round and inflamed as a newly-risen November moon at its full. " I am the captain," hlie said. " \VlWhat is your name ?" said I, ap proaching him. "Captain Timothy Punch," he he answorod; " what in your business, sir ?" I informed him that I had taken a passagi in the Biddy Mo Dougal for England. "01, you're tihe gent I" he cried, and his manner immediately became re speootful. "You'll excuse me for not rising. I'm full up, flush to the hateiseo with gout, and pain ain't goiuog to improve the manner of a plain sailor. If I'm a bit rough in my spooch, you'll excuse me. What can I offer you 2" " Nothing, I thank you." "A ship's fok'slo was my college," he continued, giving expression to his enjoyment of the matter of his speech by a succession of oily chuckles, "and I comes from a rough stooklr, sir. Ye may have heard of the famous Captain John Punch, him as was a terror of all wrong-doors down in the West Indian waters. HIe couldn't read or write, but lie was a captain in the royal navy for .all that, as you may hasoertain by consulting the Ad. miralty lists of his day. His not be ing able to write was nothon ; but his not being able to read was a bit in convenient now and again; as, for instance, when he was sent away under sealed orders, or when ho'd get an oflicial letter marked confiden tial,' the inside of which hlie was to keep shictly secret." IHe was procooeeding, but I cut the garrulous old gentleman shlort. " I may take it," said I, " that there has been a fresh captain appointed to this ship since I visited her a few days ago ?" " You may take it," lie noisily wheezed, " that the Captain of this shliip is Timothy Punch. He brought the Biddy McDougal out, and he's going to take the Biddy Me Dougal home." I viewed him with astonishmont, but held my tongue, never doubting that the " Mr. Wilson " whom I had met, and who might have happened to be on board as a guest, or as a sightseoer, when I arrived, had outer tained himself at my expense by a de liberate lie. Captain Punch again apologised for not ibeing able to rise, yet made an effort to stir in his chair for no other purpose, however, that I could see than to force a groan that sounded like an execration. He told me that my private stock of wine and the other matters I had laid iu were safely lhoused in the berth adjoining mine, a berth that was unoccupied, and was therefore at my service, as well as the cabin I had paid for. Nevertheloss, I went below to make sure. In the cabin I found a young follow cloaning some glasses. " Are you the steward 2" said I. "I waits upon the captain," he answered. "The captain?" I exclaimed. " Captain Punch, sir," said he. "Then it is all right so far as Punch goes," thought I; "and that follow Wilson-if I should happen to meet him 1" " Is there a regular steward ?" said I. " I does all the waiting at this here table," answeorod the young fellow. On this I told him that I was the passenger, bade him see that my cabin was clean and comfortable and in readiness for me, slipped a few rupees into his hand, and after looking at my purchases returned on deck. The captain told me that the ship would certainly sail on the following Wednesday, at some hour in the foro noon, and bade me hlie on board not later than nine. "\We ought to lha' got away three weelks ago," hie orcalaimod. "It's all along of the Rangoon port authorities, as they call themselves. Every snivelling creature whose dirty little soul is wroppod up in a white hide is a boss in this here flaminig country, and the more snivelling lie is, and the dirtier the little soul what's wropped up in him is, the moro aggrovatiugl y does he go to work in his bossing jobs. Punch knows 'em. They've got Punch's hump up often enough, and lucky it is for those here port authori ties that Punch ain't no longer the man lie was;" and hero he looked at his immense gouty fists, thon fastened his eyes significantly upon his bloated, seemingly helplos bnooes. I sent my baggage to the ship on the Tuesday aftornoon, and at nine o'clock on the following morning I repaired on board the Biddy Mo Dougal as she lay in the river off the town. On gaining the deck I per coivod a number of seamen employed upon the ground taclle, and I seemed to catch sight of the man who had called himself "Wilson" and "captain " stanuding in the ship's head, and gazing down over the bows; but his face was but partially revealed, and the shadow of his wide I straw hat darkeoned and obscured the little of his countouanceuo that wans visible. A man stood near the gang. way, clothed in blue serge with a white cover to his naval cap. Hle Swas a sullen-looking follow, with a : roll of white beard and whiskers run Sning dowu his chooeeks under his throat, a sour mouth, and a dry twist of fsca which, rounding into one eye, made it lookl smaller than the other. As I had not yet mot the mate of the ship,lI supposed that this man might be the offieor, and, approaching him, I'said- "Are you the mate ?" "No," he anuswered, leisurely bring ing his eyes down from aloft, and feestening them upon me. "I am neither the mate, nor the man that cooks the mate." " Who are you ?" said I, nettled by his brusque manner. " Who are pol, first of all?" he answered. " I am a passenlger going houmo in the Biddy Mc Do-agl." His manner chanlged. "I ask your pardon," said he; "I took you to be another gent; someone I don't want to have nothing more to say to. You're amazingly like Ihim, surely." " Are you the mate ?" said I. " No, sir," he replied, " I am the captain." I eyed him steadfastly, and then looked round tihe deck, secarcoly kuow ing as yet but that I had taken my passage aboard a ship full of lunatics. "lThe captain ?" I cried. "Ay," he answered withl an em phatis nod, " Captain Parfitt." " Pray, how many captains does this ship carry ?" said I, again looking round the deckl in search of any signs of old Captain Punch. " Only one," said he, "and I'm that man." "I have been aboard this vessel three times," said I, " and on each occasion have met with a new cap tain. Thi first time it was Captain Wilson-there he is I" I exclaimed, pointing to the forecastle where the man Wilson who had called himself the master now stood looking towards me, and plainly visible. "Next it was Captain Timothy Punch, a gouty, red-faced man, who sat helpless in a chair on this quarter-desk. And now it is you." A sour smile o'curled the man's lips. " They have'nt been quite above board with you, sir," said he. "The long and short of it's this: Cap'n Punch was in charge during the out ward voyage right enuoghs; but he was toolk very bad with gout a month afore Rangoon was reached, and the command of the vessel was given to his chief mate, that there gent as you see for'rads. The ship was to sail home in charge of Mr. Wilson; but thie port authorities says 'No; Mir. Wilson don't hold a coertificate as master.' The ship couldn't be cleared till a proper master was had. I was asked to navigate the vessel home, and hero I am; so ye may take it from me that I'm captain and no body else." " Well," said I, " if there's truth in in the saying that thoro's safety in numbers, the passage should be com fortable and speedy;" and with that I went below to look after my traps. The ship sailed an hour later, but it was not -until dinner-time that I saw what we were to expect more or less throughout the whole of the long run to England. We weore thou at sea, the high sun burning over our masthead, a hot breeze blowing over the quarter, and the ship thrusting along under full breasts of canvas and wide overhanging wings of studding sail. A bell rang to announe dinner, and I quitted tho quarter-desk for the cabin. On entering I found MIr. Wilson seated at the head of the table. Captain Parfiti followed nme belon, and instantly exclaimed to Mir. Wilson: " That's my place. You must clear out of that chair, please." "I shall do nothing of the sort," said Mr. Wilson. "I am master of this ship by orders of her lawful captain. You are an interloper." Captain Partitt turned pale and breathied short. "I am captain of this ship," said he, " and you are her ohief mate. You will go on deck, if you please, and keeop a lookout whilst I eat my dinner." iMr. Wilson did not offer to move; merely eyed Captain Parfitt with his extraordinarily stern face. Captain Parfitt clencheod Iris fists. " Gentlemen," said I, " there must be some remedy for this." " So there is, by God l" roared Parfitt. "It's mutiuy. If ye ain't out of that chair in a jiffy I'll clap yo in irons." " 'oe ?" shouted MIr. Wilson, half springing from his seat. At this moment the door of one of the after-cabins was opened, and two stout sailors appeared, bearing the immense shape of Captain Punch in a chair, to which poles had boon lashed. " Is dinner ready ?" he called out. "Your chief mate is a mutineer. He refuses to obey my orders," oried Captain Parfitt. "Up ye get, Wilson; that's my seat," said Captain Punch, taking no notice.of Parfitt. Mr. Wilson at once made way, and the two sailors, broadly grinning, with much pushiug and shoving, hove, or rather prised old Punch into the chair of honour. Mr. Wilson swiftly seated himself at the foot of the table. " Sit ye down, sir; sit yo down," oried old Punch to mae. "Who's got the looklout on doeck ?" "The ship's watching horself," sulkily growled Captain Parfitt. " Hadn't ye better go up and look after her ?" said Punch to Parfitt. "What am I to understand ?" shouted Parfitt. " Why this," interrupted Captain Punch; " that this is a ship as could very well ha' found her way home without ye. You wasn't wanted; but since yeo've made up your mind to come, why, durn my eyes, yo'll have to take things as ye find 'em. MIr. Wilson's the captain-holeot by my authority, and whilst I've got lungs to blow a breath of air out with I'm the gorramighty of the Biddy MeDougal. Understand that." Without answering a word Captain Parfitt flung his cap down upon tho looker and tookl his seat at the table abreast of me. On this Captain Punch bade Mr. Wilson tell the ship's car ponter-who it seems acted as second mate-to keep a lookout until he was relieved from the cabin.': " Seeing thlrt I have paid for my passage aboard this ship, and that it is highly desirable, absolutely esson tial in a word, that I should have some head to refer to, some person in supreme authority to complain to and to appeal to in case of discomfort or difficulty, I should be glad to know, goentlemen, which of you Inam to con sider as captain of tie Biddy Mc Doougal ?" said I, hoping by this stilted but nevertheless resolutely uttered address to clear the air some what and do some good. "I am captain," said Punch, with his mouth full of beeoof. "Yes, and I am in charge," said Captain Parfitt. "You mean, I am in charge," oried IMr. Wilson. "I am captain of this chip, and the supromo head, sir," cried Punch, ad dressing me ; "but Mr. Wilson repro. sents me whilst I'm off duty through illness, and so long as he represents mo hIo is mastor-holeot, as I afore said, and there's no man aboard this ship who's going to say contrairy." "Yeos, there is," said Captain Parfitt; " but I don't mean to waste no words on either of yo. You know where my authority comes from. I'm master of the Biddy Me Dougal till I've borthed her in the dock slhe's bound to, and if this here Inato of yours interferes with mo I'll log him for mutiny, break him, and send him forrads, as ye both know I've got the power to do. And if that doa't answer ---" he interrupted himself by exclaiming: " But I don't want no words;" and so saying ho rose, having eaten little or nothing, and went on deck. Well, as may be supposed, this was 'but the first of a long series of un comfortable quarrels. I cannot posi tively say that Captain Parfitt did not log Mr. Wilson for mutiny, and order him forward into the forecastle to work before the mast. This I cannot say, but it is certain that Mr. Wilson did not go forward; on the conutrary, be remained very much aft, giving instructions without regard to Captain Parfitt's orders, and acnoting in all ways as though he, and he alone, were master of the vessel. The very same day, I reneml'er-I mean tile day on which the quarrel at the table happened-Mr. Wilson came on deck whilst Captain Parfitt was pacing the weather side, keeping a look-out, and with anair of aggression stared into the compass, then looked aloft, also very aggressively, and then sent his eyes round the sea-line, male ing a motion with his head that was offensive with its suggestions of oriticism. Presently, takinghis stand abreast of the mizonmast to leoward, lhe asked the man at the wheel how the ship's head was. The fellow re plied. "Lat her come to three-quarters of a point," called out Mr. Wilson; "and, Captain Parfitt, you will be so good as to trim sail." "Keep her as she goes 1" roared Parfitt. "You are making too much west ing," exclaimed Mr. Wilson. "Leave the dook, sir," bawled Parfitt. " By what ohart are you sailing, I should like to know ?" sneered Mr. Wilson. "Why damme, man, we aren't bound to Madras." An angry quarrel followed, a more affray of words indeed, but it was hard to guess at what instant the blow would not come, with a long and shameful souffler on top of.it. The sailors .forward stood staring aft, thoroughly enjoying the spectacle of the two men gestioulating and bawling at each other. Presently, up through the hatch came Captain Punch, borne by a brace of sailors, who straggled up the stoop companion steps with purple faces, panting and blowing, whilst Punch sat holding on tightly and cursing the builder of the ship for constructing a companion-way that gave a man no room to turn in. " What is it all about ?" shouted the old fellow, as his bearers dumped him down upon the deck. "The ship's being headed for MFadras," cried Mr. Wilson, with a contemptuous laugh. " Ile's a liar, and he knows he's a liar," said Parfiet. "You're malting too westerly a course to suit me," exelaimed Captain Punch, and he ordered the man at the wvheel to shift the helm by a spoke or two. "D'yo suppose,"'- cried Captain Parfitt, approaching Captain Punch Sclose, and snorting his words into the old seaman's jolly, round, brick-rad face, " that I have taken charge of this sugar-box to larn navigation from youe? " "I ain't deaf-keep your distance," responded Captain Punch. "This sugar-box is going to get homo, and I Sdon't mean to let you put her ashore betwixt this and the London Dooks, and so I toll 'o. I've heard of navi gators, you must know, whoso rckon ing by account has lauded them by four degrees of longitude inland same thing may happen with some folks' sextants. My course is your course, and you'll please to stick to it." "Theoro's not even yet southing enough," said Mr. Wilson. "Yes, there is," cried Captain SPunhob, "gyou don't want to teaoh me navigation, do 'eo i " Captain Parfitt rushed into the captain and returned with a chart, which he laid open on the dock at Captain Punhob's feet. He thoun weont down on his knees and indicated the course with a square thumb, occasion ally pounding the chart with his fist I until the deck echoed again to the blows, whenever Captain Punoh I laughed or shook hiris head or uttered any observation that was distasteful to Captain Parfitt. I left them disputing, and walked Ssome distance forward to smoke a pipe. After a while Captain Parfitt left the dook, taking his chart below with him, and somewhat later Captain Punch was borne into the cabin by tire two sailors. When Mr. Wilson found himself alone be stopped over to the wheel, and I guessed by the twirl which the man at thie helm gave the \- spokes that Mr. Wilson had shifted 1 theb course. This, indeed, proved to be the case. Scarcely had ten minutes elapsed Swhen Captain Punch's servant arrived t on deck and called out to Mr. Wilson : "The capt'n's orders are that the' ship is to be brought to the course which she was steering whoen ho was c 'arried below." "My compliments to Captain Punebc," answered Mr. Wilson, "and toll him that he . lha given me charge of this vessel, and that I'm not going to learn navigation at my time of lifo from any man rlivo, he his name Parfitt, or be hIis name Punch, or be his name Judy, by thunder I " This insolent opeech reaohed the oars of Captain Punch, who was belowv in the cabin under the skylight, which lay wide opon. Thoroar that followed was that of a bull.. It was by no means inarticulate, however. The sea words the old follow employed wore so much to the purpose that Mr. Wilson, going to the skiylight, orioed down: " It's all right, sir, it's all right, don't excite yourself," and he then audibly directed the man at the wheel to bring the ship to the course commanded by Captain Punch. I was astonished to find Mir. Wilson acting in opposition to Captain Punch. He had shipped as Punch's first mate, and Panchl was indisputably his chief, however Parfitt might have stood in this complicated business. But I speedily discovered that Mr. Wilson was an extraordinarily conceited and very bad - tempered man. ie guessed that old Punch was not going to improve in health; and so, since Punch had made him master of tile ship, he was clearly determined to remain master at all costs, in defiance oven of Punch himself. All three men had notions of their own as to the courses to be steered. One was always something to tile eastward or something to the south ward of the others. Captain Punch had a toll-tale compass in his cabin, and when he was too ill with the gout to be carried on deck he would send his servant to the man at the whosl with instructions to luff or to lot her go off as it might happen. But these alterations in the direction pursued by the ship he was able to contrive to his satisfaction only when the carpenter happened to have the watch, for if an order came from Punch when Captain Parfitt or Wilson was on deck it was instantly countermanded, with the result that when the captains met in cabin they would quarrel wildly for an hour at a time, threatening one another with the law, sneering at one another's experiences, often clenching fists; indeed, and on more than one occasion, very nearly coming to blows. The frequuent changing of the ship's coarse, together with the ineessaut interference of these men one with another, considerably delayed our passage, and there were times when I would think that we should never double the Cape of Good Hope at all; but that, on the contrary, the three captaius would qsuarrel themselves out of all perception of the ship's true reckoning, and end either in putting the vessel ashore, or in sending a boat to land on the first bit of coast they might aight to learn from the natives of tile place where we were. Often, as I could observe, they differed merely to spite one another. For in stance, Captain Parfitt, on quitting the deck, would leave the ship under all plain sail, royals set, and taoks boarded; but Wilson, who kept watch and watch with the ship's carpenter (acting in this respect as chief mate, though the moment he arrived on dock he asserted hlimselfas cap tain, took command,-. and carried out his own ideas of Bteering and of carrying sail, and the like, without the least regard to the views and instructions of Punch and Parfitt)--Wilson, I say, on relieving the deck after Parfitt had gone below; would look up at the sails, and then round upon the sea, as thlough studying the weather, then coolly sing out orders to cloew up this and ltaul down that, paying not the least regard to the wishes of Parfitt, who, on hearing the men crying out at the ropes, would rush on deck and askr Wilson what Ihe meant by shorton ing sail in the face a of high barometer; whilst through the skylight you might hear the voiec of Captain Puuch roar ing out to know what sail the ship was carrying, and what that fellow Wilson meant by altering the course by threoe quarters of a point. We were to call at Capetown, and I had made up my mind, if heaven per mitted us to east anchor-in Teble Bay, to go ashore and represent the state of the ship to those who might be emin powered to deal with the three cap tains; though I would sometimes think that it was doubtful whether there was any remedy within the reach of the authorities to apply, for it was certain that Punch was still in command of the ship, and next that, being in command, he had a right to outrust the charge of tlse vessel to the chief mate whilst he was confioned below by illness, so that, despite tile Rangoon authorities, Parfitt had no official representation on board, had no claim upon thie obedience of Mr. Wilson, and could achieve no end by logging him or by threatening. In deed, Parfitt seemed to have guessed as much, for often as he talked of "breaking" the mate, as he called Wilson, and sending him forward, I do not think that he over attempted to do so, though repeatedly and sar castically invited to the attempt by both Captain Punch and Wilson him self. It came at last to pass that on a certain day. we were supposed to be off the Cape of Good Hope. We were then exactly two months and three weeks out from Rangoon; that is to say, we had occupied eleven. weeks in measuring the Indian and the Southern Oceans down to that part of the sea lwhereo;they were supposed to be. I say sssposed, not; as you may conclunde, because the three cap. tains, as I call them, had lost all. reckoning and know no longer whore the ship was, but because tihe weather had been so thick for no less a period than ten days that never once was tihe sun, the moon, or a star to be seen, and the position, therefore, of the Biddy Mc Dougal was wholly calcu lated by what is termed dead reckon ing. Dead roonkoing means briefly the finding out of tie speed of a ship through the water by means of a con trivance called the reel log. . When the speed is ascertained it is en terdd in '-the log-book. Allow anee is theno made for what is called lee-way, if any lee-way exist, and the sum of the bpesd, together with the courses whichl may have boon steered, enables tile mariner to mark down upon his chart with more or less accuracy the points of latitude or longtitudo at which his ship has arrived. The throe captains wero agreed in their dead recloning. They could find no cause for a quarroel in ths indication of the real-log. The allowance for leo-way wass assented to and the courses steered wero admitted, but, unhappily, the three captains hlad been at loggerheads over the reckon ing before the thick'wether came on. Captain Punch had made the ship's situation a degree or two moreo southerly than Mr. Wilson found it. Wilson's longtitudo was several leagues to the eastward of Captain Parfitt's. Hence when the day arrived which, according to Parfitt's reckloning, should show the ship to thie westwards of Agnlhas, the arguments and quarrels were incessant, becanuso Wilson sworo that the ship's longitude was at least sixty miles east of that Cape, whilst Punch, on the other hand, persisted in maintaining that the latitude was not what Wilson and Parfitt represuented, and that the vessel's course, therefore, required more northing. So matters stood on a dull, heavy, thick day, as well I remember. There was a light breece off the port bow, and a long ocean swell was sluggishly rolling up from the southward. I do not recollect that the lead was hove. Every man of the three skippers was cocksure of the ship's position .on his own account, but I do not say that any one of them over once ordered a cast of the lead to be taken. There was nothing to be seen. The sea-line was shrouded by vapour to within two or three miles of the vessel. Occa sionally there was a rumble of thunder in the south, but no lightning. SThus it remained throughout the day, and throughout the day the three captains did nothing but alter one another's directions to the man at the wheel. All day long Captain Punchl was in a towering passion. He said he knew the ship's whereabouts as surely as though Table Bay lay open before him, that Parfitt was out by leagues, and Wilson utterly wrong, that both men might thiank God that he was too much afflioted to occupy his proper post on dock in such damp and filthy weather, or-and here he would shake his immense gouty fist at the skylight and bid his servant stop on deck and asoertain how the ship's heoiad was, and then on learning that the course which he had ordered Par fitf and Wilson to steer had heen changed by one or the other of them he would roar out like a bull, using many strong and terrible words, once even going to the length of threaton lug to take Captain Parfitt's life if he interfered with his orders to the helmsman. When I went to bed that night I was unable to sleep for some time owing to the arguments which the three captains were holding in their cabin. I could hear such exclama tions, " My life's as precious to me as yourn is to you;" " North-east, d'yo say I Good angols I and yet they granted you a certificate ?" "If the chronometers are out tlhant's not my fault, but if my calculations wasn't within a second of the right spot afore this blooming meck drawed up and hid the sky I'll give up, own that I'm no sailor man, and l'll call ye both my masters." To such staff as this I lay listening; then I heard some sailors come down to cart old Captain Punch off to bed. There was an interval of agreeable silence and I fell asleep. I was awakened by an uproar on deck, by the shouts of men, the bawl ing of Captain Punch in his cabin, by a hurrying of foosteps and a sullen flapping of canvas. The shiplay over at a sharp angle; and I believed at first that a heavy squall had burst upon her and hooled her down, but she lay perfectly motionless, with a singu lar noise of croeaking threading the above-board clamour and a frequent, dull, thunderous thump as of water strikling her. In a moment I realisod that the ship was ashelore I I partially clothed myself in a fewc minutos, rushed out, and with great dificulty, so acute was the angle of the ship's deok, reached the companion steps. All was in darlkness. I put out my hands and touched, and now grow sensible of somebody just in front of me panting heavily, and from time to time groaning. It was Cap tain Punch, in whom the agony and helplessuess of the gout had beeoon temporarily conqucered by wrath and terror. He reached the. dock unaided and fell a-roaring. There was little to be seen. Here and there a man held a lantern, but the light was feeble and the illumination merely confused the sight. The ship lay over with hler broadside to the sea; the dark heave of swell burst against the bilge and recoiled in milk that flung a dim sheen upon the atmosphere of the night, making the quietly flapping sails glance out. It was very thick; there was nothing of the land to be seen. The carpenter was sounding over the side, and I heard him bawl out the depth, but there was no depth. The Biddy McDougal was hard and fast upon the African strand, with Parfitt and Wilson yelling out contradiotory orders, and Punch bawling to his men to obey hiec and nobody else. Just before daylight the weather cleared; dawn disaolosed the high coast along our starboard beam, and I gathered from the tempestuous dis course of the three captains that we had gone ashore somewhere near Cape Hanglip and Sandown Bay, proving that though Captain Parfitt's calcula tions had come nearest the truth, all three men had boon heavily out in their reckoning. Scarcely had the sun risen when a gun-boat hovo in sight, bound from the eastwards to Simon's Town. She sighted our ship ashlore, and sent boats. I was heartily glad to get aboard of hler. Captain Parfitt and five of the crow also went aboard ; but old Punch declined to leave the neighbourhood of the vessel. He said that there was no immediate danger, that he would go ashore, and make shift under can vas until assistance shoiuld be sent fiom Capetown. Wilson remained with him. The ship was ultimately got off, and navigated to England by Wileon with Captain Punch in the cabin; but by thalt tiino I had received my luggage from the hold of the Biddy iMcDougal, had transferred it to another vessol, and was abreast of Asocension on my way to England. I find something heroic in the fancy of Punchl's gout-ridden shape camping it out abreast of the stranded vessel, whose situation he wholly though im properly attributed to Parfitt's ignor nco as a navigator. So far as pas sengers are concernoed, perhape thereis no great matter of a moral to be gathered from this brief narrative; yet, oven in those advanced seafaring times, ships may be found at sea with more than one commander, though one only has any claim to the title. Will any shipmaster tell me that amongsgt his passecngers he does not occasionally meet with a nautical man-sometimes a yachltsman, and sometimes a naval oflicer-who has the higheot possible opinion of his own judgment, and who will lose no opportunity of giving his opinion, and vexing the seoulof the legitimate ckipper by impertinent criticism, by offers of help; and by downright counsel ? "Intending" passengers will do well sometimes, perhaps, to incqire before embarkling how many captains are going in charge of the ship.-Straud Magazine. A man, while fishing, suddenly fell into the water. A fellow - fishermnau of benevolent aspect promptly helped him out, laid him on his bask, and then began to scratch his head in a puzzled way. "What's the matter ?" asked the bystanders; "why don't yeou revive him ?l" "There are sixteen rules to revive drowned persons," said the benevolent man, "and I know 'em all; but I can't call to mind which comes first." At this point the roe. sued man opened his eyes and said, faintly: "sla there anything tbout giving braudy in the rules 2" "Yes." " Then never mind tlhe other fifteen." Some time agoe French waiter was attending upon a roystering party of diners in a private room at a London restaurant, when an altercation arose, and the waiter, attempting to restore order, received a couple of slaps in the face. He made no remark at the time, but when he brought in the bill there was on it this item: "Deux coufilets, £5." As the aggressor scanned this entry, the waiter set his lips and said in a significant tone: " If you find those slaps too dear, sir, I will return them I" This is unquestionably an age of condensation, but condensation in literature was surely never carried further than in "Bryco's Thumb English Dictionary" (D. Bryce and Son, Glasgow), which measures only about 2 in., by 1%, and is scarcely . in. thick. It is said, nevertheless, to contain something like 15,000 re ferences, and to serve as a guide to the spelling of all words in general use over which any doubt as to their orthography might reasonably be ex pected to hang,--Cassell's Magazine. The gains of successful playwrightsb at the present day are such as well might astonish the ghosts of their predecessors. The amount realised by Gilbert and Sullivan from their operas, however, heads the list of all the: in comes derived from contemporary theatrical work. Mr. D'Oyley Carte stated a short time ago that the in come last year amounted to £87,000, and that the total sum drawn since 1877 was over one million sterling, of which MIr. Gilbort received as his share in eleven years no less than £00,000. Colonial dairy farmers ire to be congratulated on the success of their efforts to supply London with butter (says a London paper). The large shipments now arriving are beating Normandy butter in the open market, the secret of the superiority hobeing that the Antipodean produce is all pure grass butter, whereas the bulk of the continental and home production is that of fodder-fed cows. There is a singing tree in the West Indies, the music of whichl is supplied by the action of the wind on its leaves, These latter have a peduliar form, which is effectual in entrapping the winds and making them vibrate so as to produce varying tones. When the trade winds blow across forests of those trees, a constannt moaning of " fah," " me," or other full or half tones is kept up, which in the still hours of the night has an extremely weird effect. There is also a musical tree, a species of acacia, in the Soudan,. Ethel-" What do you think of Joblot's engagement to Miss Sears 2" Jack-"Ho might do worse." Ethol -"He will-he is going to marry her." Sunday-school teachor-'' Johnny, who was the prodigal son 2" Johnny -" Oh, that was the fellow who went away a dude and came back a tramp." Old Farmer (tonding thrashing machine to applicant for a 'job) "Ever done any thrashing ?" "Ap plicannt (modestly)-" I am the father of seventeen children, sir." "I wish I was an opportunity," said Clara the other day, gloomily. " Why, what in the world for 2" aeked Horace, astonished. "Oh, opporte nities are always embraced, don't you know !" said- Clara, with a far- eof smile. Distressed young mother (with cry ing baby in railway carriage)-" Dear, dear I I don't know whatever to do with this child ?" Kind andthought ful bachelor (on the opposite seat) "Shall I open the window for you, madam ?" Sho--" Jack, how am I to knomw that you are telling the truth when you say you love me " HIo-" Why, all the rest of the girls believe me." " He that takes a wife takes care," says Franklin; but Brown says that Franklin is wrong-" That he who takes care doesn't take a wife." VALUaeLe Dlscovcne ron Tune IrAl.-I your hair in turning grey or wliteo; or fall Icg off, use "THE MEXICAN' HAIRi BE NEWER," for it 'woill positively restore in every case Grey or Il'hite hair to its original colour, without leaving the' disagrecable moll o: most " ostorors." It makes the heir charmingly bosutitul, as well as promotieg the growth of the Iair' on. bald spots, whore tohe glaude are not decayed. Ask your Ohomist for " T'n ,'InrceAi; Hae Renrcwn ." Sold by Chtmists and Perfumers everywhere at 3/6 par bottle. Wholsoalo Depat, 33 ia'iringdon Road, London, England.-Advl. '1727. 9A1 (Use 5t.-It io at everypioeio, atous in overy kitchen. It gives the finishi of verye dish. It assistci digestion. It has a place a Government House, and is 'seen at 'oeryrO opec:tablo artisan's. Tihe proteotionits use it bceause it is colonial, the free-traders because it in cheap. It is the especial favourito with all cla:sses bocause, as one of the Syanoy clergymen wrote, "it is tie best made." It in tso OttAuSrlAuS neesu made by WAHO -.coros II. ISour of 177 P'itt-street, Sydney, and told by ovcry storekeepcr.-Advt. 027. Tie LIGHTHOUSE is a blessing to all seamen. Tice ighthoitse Kerotente Oil iF a blessing to all landomen. Gives muol stlight. Boave your oycs.--hdvt. 5785. : 