"How Shall we decide tho Question ?" Now, which is tho worao— to havo no appo- tito for your dinner, or to hnvo no dinner for yon oppotito P There nro lota of pooplo on ono sido or the othor of this questioo. When 44 good diges- tion woitB on oppotito and lioaltli on both, that Is tho Idoal attitudo of a parson towards hie xnoals, But most of us nro not btoseod in that way ; wo either havo too muoii food without an oppotito, or a vigorous nppotito without enough to satisfy it. Difforont folk wilt aosw<r this question differently, yot tho common senso of it is that, within reasonable limits, it 1b bettor to havo an appotito withont a dinnor, bocauao, short of tho starvation lino, a hungry man is a hoalthy man ; whereas a man who ought to oat and doesn't fool liko oating, atanua in seed of " alterations uud xopaira." To illnatrato. Wo rooontly roootved a com munication in whlah tlio writor Bays. " t was afraid to oat." Did ho fanoy hia food was poieoood, or did bin uaturo robot ogainflt tho nourishment Iivod on i If tho lattor, why P Lot him aloartho myetory himaolf. Uo says, " In tho yoar 1889 I changed my work from railway portor to tdgaalmau. I had boon signalman twotvo months, and then all at oooe, bo to Bpoak, 1 did not fool myeolf. My month tasted bad, so that ordinary nrtiaoa of diet sootnod to loso thoir flavour tho potato, to put it in that way, appoarod to havo nothing to Bay to thorn. Ono thing was liko anothor, and none was good. My tonguo was coated and furred, with a dark liuo down tbo tniddlo and yellow fur round it. My breath waa offensive and my nppotito poor, with pains through tho ohost and ehouldora, which wero always right before I bad eaton anything. Thon I was groatly tronblod with wind, it wontd gathor so it fclblika a bail in my throat, and aot as if it would ahoko mo." Wo cannot wonder that under thoso oiroum- etanoos our friond failed to do justioo to hia inoala. Ho adds that thoro was what ho calls " a prioking sensation " at bin heart, as though it wore touohod with some uharp instrument. Thon, again, at tirnoa ho wns nttaokod with spasms, tho agony of which was so aovoro that tho avroat roltod off him. " 1 dreaded," ho says, " tho thought of oating, and many a scanty moul havo I made, for 1 was afraid to oat. 44 Aftor a timo I got into a low, weak, nor- vane oondltion, and folt miaorablo, as if some thing was going to liappon, and this caused mo to lose a good doai of sloop." What ho moans by tho foar of "something going to happon " is, of oourac, tho fonr of somo calamity, each aa tho loss of hia position, hia own doath, or tho doath of somobody doar to him. This was duo, as ho intimutos, to tho impoveriahod stato of his blood ttho lifo boaror), his unstrung norvos, and to tho brain onfooblod by laok of nouriBhmont. Tho night of this form of illnoatt is always fnll of ghosts and goblins, tho creatures of a roatloss and un- governed imagination. 44 With groat difficulty," ho says, 44 1 stuck to my work, for I had a wifo aud family do- pending on ute. So I straggled on, but what 1 anfforcd for over two years is past my powers of description. I am saro no ono has suffered bo muoh as I havo douo." Iu tho lattor statomont ho is undoubtedly wrong. Ooo'aowu pain iaono's own, and is always harder to boar than is ono's uotion of his nolghbonr'o pain. Tlioro is a oountloss multitndo who are ail tho whiio going through tho samo wrotohod oxporienoo, only wo don't bapnon to oomo in touoh with thorn. Woll, tho writor finally mentions that aftor all medical troatmont had loft him whoro it found him ho obanood to road in a book ol'unaeo oxaotly like bis own having boon cured by Mother Seigol's Syrop. 44 My wifo," h- says, 44 got mo a bottle at Mr. Laogstiiff's, in Wood- lesford, ond after asiug iu content tho ailment left mo and has novor returned sinco that fortnn&to; d-y. I shonld liko the wh>do world to know what it did for rae. I havo boua omployod by tbo Midland Railway Company (Signed) "Gnonnr. Hunt, " Car llottom Itaail, Apperioy uruigc, uoar imoiiH. Wo publish this by Mr. Hunt's dosiro, in ordor that part of tho world atloaat may know how thankful ho is and for what reason. JIG 