My Aunt Washington. (By Virginia Fhazeb Boyle.) (CONCI/ITDED FJBOM TEBTEBDAY.) . ' Somehow, I associated the fact with the offering up of Isaac, 'without an inter vening power, or the casting1 of babes into the Ganges by heathen mothers, of whom my governess read to me on Sundays, and for the reclamation of whom I was saving np my coppers. 1 looked at grandmother in tier flowing silks, with her suave, gracious manners and smothered sorrow, and more and more I associated her in my mind with the Hindu women ; but my grandmother went to church, and was a Christian, Time wore on, and I with an uneasy consci jnce wore, as I deemed it, my bor rowed dignity. My father returned and loaded me with gifts until I skipped about like a bedizened Indian princess, but still I was not happy, for I feared to confide my troubles to my father without my grand mother's advice. Girls were very modest and timid in my day, even the most daring, and had not a fraction of the confidence they now bravely display. It may per haps be now as well, but it was not then the fashion. At last we heard that there was another Serena at the house of my Cousin Dorcas, a Serena, rose-leaved and tiny. It was only whispered, and I went to bed, fevered with interest and silent curio sity, for I dared not mention the news to my grandmother. She had changed of late, waa sometimes absent and dreamj, as she sat at her net ting, giving me skein after skein to untangle, only to mesh them again. My grandmother was strangely out of sorts ; my governess did not please her, my music master elicited no interest ; in fact, she was fain to put the little man out of the house altogether, and even my voice was harsh in my grandmother's ears. Perhaps she was thinking of her dis tant son, perhaps of my beautiful Aunt 'Washington, perhaps of the little baby she had not even1 seen. However, my grand mother was sufficiently out of humor to catechise me on geography, and finding me wofully unresponsive she boxed jny ears and sent me from the room. Now the sting of mortification was heavier than the weight of my grand mother's hand, and gulping a something that held the nervous semblance of a piece of crusty cornbread in the throat, I wan dered tearfully among the elms. I would do something. Child as I was, I felt that I was occupying the position of an inter loper, and such a position was unbearable. I had my own place to fill, and could not take Aunt Washington's, no matter how much my grandmother wished it. Under her cold exterior I knew that she was grieving, that she never would be happy again in the absence of her child, though Bhe might die in her pride without a word. Beyond the arching elms, at eight of me, my father's horse, a blooded animal, whin neyed from his tether, eager to be gone. I patted his sensitive flank that quivered beneath my touch. He was saddled and bridled, and yet my father had not come. Suddenly a great thought trembled at my heart and leaped into my pulses. The house of my -Cousin Dorcas was only six miles away. I knew every inch of the road, every brake, every plum-thicket. I would heal the family breach; I would yield my false position ; I would go and fetch Aunt Washington. What could grandmother do against her presence, my tears, her pleadings? I pictured how she would plead, in a white muslin dress — and if she would not, then I would for her. No one was about. Quick as thought, though stealthily, I climbed into the saddle, prepared for osc8 to do my masters credit; and rode slowly through the heart of the town, lest I should attract undue atten tion. Though people turned onc9 and again to looked at my bare head and stream ing hair, for I had forgotten my bonnet, I was not molested. All alone, without even JeofEry to follow —after nearly a year of curbing, such bliss, such freedom ! At the edge of the wood I gave into a brisk canter, to which the spirited Nero was not averse. How it would have worried Jeoffry to keep abreast cf that upon his ambling cob I Such delicious air, such delicious freedom, with my long curls whipping my back like so many loosened bridle-reins. Almost in my enjoyment I had forgotten my mission, when right in the middle of the road, only a few paces ahead, a bare legged urchin threw up his hat. I screamed, but too late, for once again -the dark thing whirled, and, with a vicious yell, the little rascal disappeared. Nero reared suddenly upon his haunches, then, wheeling like a thing possessed, took back through the. tangled wood. Too frightened to think, I dropped the rein and flattened myself against his neck, holding with all my child ish streath to the rising and falling mane. On, on, through the brake and tangle, scrap ing me almost from my seat, the frightened animal sped; on, on — now back to the edge of the town. With closed eyes I heard the shouts of the men, f!he scream of the women to ' save the little -jhitd !' I thought of my father, my grandmother, Aunt Washing ton, the little baby I had never known. All now would go on without me ; they wpuld never know how I tried to make them all ha^py. They would never know that it was not a childish prank — and I Would have died, in vain, in vain. # ? ? # . ? # ?'??',. ;* It' was morning, the sunlight fell like golddust through the little diamond-panes, I was stiff and store, my head was band aged, and I could not move my arm. I must have been dreaming ; I thought I was dead, but I was in my. own little bed, whose muslin curtains looked like snow in the sunlight.. Somebody sat at a table, net ting, and there were tears in the eyes that looked now and again upon my bed. Was this my grandmother — that tender pain hers that lay upon /brow and lip? She stirred, I closed my eyes again ; perhaps I dreamed, but on my cheek I felt such. kisses rain as I had jiever known in all ray orphaned life before, murmured caresses, sending tender thrills to -wake that part of mJ young heart that would hare b»«n my mother's. Was this my grandmother f I must have dreamed 5 sheer weakness fell upon me— tangled skeins and «mothered biases drifted with the dream. For many, days I balanced life and death Brith fever, brui&ea; and a broken «trm, hold ing often through the weary night grand mother's hand in sniiner and then they 3ame from far to ask for me and shame ^ tne with a fair tale of imy bravery.* . 'Twas wonderful, they said, for such a child as I bo sit bo firmly and hso long. . - One day when all were gone and I could creep about like a small ghost from chair to couch, from couch to chair again, my grandmother had sot down a tiny tabl« right before my chair and on it JeofEry placed the seed-cakes and the wine. I breathed the very atmosphere of ceremony, as my grandmother took a seat across from my wan self. When I had drank and choked and, half in fear, had nibbled a cake, my grandmother, leaned upon her arm and looked at me. ' Frances,' she said, in tones both grave aiid slow, speaking' for the first time of zny escapade, ?* It was a naughty thing of you to take your father's horse, a wild and vicious thing he hardly dares to ride ; it was a wicked thing to steal away alone without permission, though you must have had your reasons, child, for yon are not a fool. What were they, Frances j why did you go ?' The keen grey eyes were fixed upon my own — hard, inquisitive uncompromis ing now j I must have surely dreamed they ever looked in love. I hung my head and whispered — ' To fetch Aunt Washington home.' ' And what affair was it to of yours to intermeddle ?' demanded my grandmother. With all my weakness, this was more than I could bear. I fell upon my knees and clasped my grandmother's skirts with my unhurt arm. ' Because,' I sobbed, ' I don't want Aunt Washington's place ; I don't want to be a fine lady, as Jane says I must ; I don't want any lessons, any music, anything. Take her back, and the little baby, too, grandmother— :th» little babv that is insfc the same to vou as I am — Jane said so. Please let us all be happy, and let me ba good again.' My grandmother drew herself away and looked at me. I must have been a very pitiful sight, with my bandaged arm and great wide eyes, for my grandmother turned and left the room without a word. All the morning I felt that I was under a cloud j but about noon my grandmother sent again for Barrister Quills, and over the seed-cakes and the wine I was made a party to the proceedings. I have not a very clear recollection as to what passed, perhaps due to my years, or to the wine to which I was unaccustomed, but that night, as grand mother tucked me in my crib a»d put out the light (grandmother always performed that office for me when there were no guests in the drawing-room) she bent over me , and whispered as gently as her softened humor bade : 'My Frances, she shall come.' * * # ~ * * There were great preparations at the ' Elms ' for the reception of Mistress Henry. Ly tie, my grandmother irresistibly slurring the male portion in her mention of it. She never did anything by halves (per haps excepting this), and such baking and larding was unknown since my own dear mntViAr's ?mn.TTiftfffl. The srentrv from far and near were bidden to a feast, the like of which was the superlative of every com parison for many a year. In some way or other I was to figure as a heroine, though my small head was unable to grasp the reason why. But it was all as good as a play, of which Aunt Washington told me, where all the people were gay and marched off and on a stage. I was pranked out in a brocaded satin petticoat, and had my hair dressed most inappro priate to my years j but Aunt Washington, or Aunt Lytle, as I should properly call her, would have it so, and Mistress Ly tie's was not to be questioned. My arm, pro voMngly slow to mend, was bound in one of Henry Lytle's best neckerchiefs. My grandmother was gorgeous as a Grand Duchess, and happier, too, 'tis fair to wager, than many another beside a throne. To her granddaughter, her black satin train gave more the aroma of dignity than can ever again die with woman. Aunt Washington, beside her loverhus band, wore the bridal robes she had not worn in her hasty flight, now with her mother's own permission, and amid the blessings of us all. Ah, how they danced! I looked upon them fromvmy little chair, pushed close be side my grandmother's own, ' Sir Koger de Coverley ' woke the echoes of the dis tant past. My grandmother led out with Barrister Quills; Aunt Washington fol lowed with my father ; 20, 30, 40 couples — ah I no. I could not count them — flashing their colors like changeable rainbows against the vibrant wail of violins. - On, on, through the hours, with the pause of a teacup or the tipping of a glass. On, on, with the violins, the mellow voices that told my happy childish heart that peace could brood again upon the ' Elms.' On, on, through heavy lids that would but close,. I see them yet — through all the darker days that came and passed— and on the topmost stair to wave a. kiss to me, her white robes, pinions of my childish dreams, the rose tmwither.lng upon her breast, the best-loved of mv kindred, mr Aunt Washington. 