TECK HTOOTJBIST, Lamb was awakened early one Christmas morn ing by a noise in his kitchen, and on going down to that apartment found a burglar doing his spoons up in a bundle. ' Why d-do you s-s-st-t-teal ? '* he asked. ' Because I am starving,' returned the housebreaker, sullenly. ' Are y-you rercre really ver-very hhhunghungguggcryhun gry ?' asked Lamb ''.Very,-' replied the burglar, turning away. , ' Pnp-pup-pcor fuf-fuf-fellow !' said tiie essayist. ' H-herc's al-l- legof L-L- . Lamb for y-you.' Aud so saying, with a dcx 'terious movement of his right leg he ejccted the AL. ? J 1 ? 1 ? 5 ? lV _ J ? I Iiiaiauuui X11LU Liie UlfWl, auu} irtrfTciTijj UUU1 | securely, went back to bed. The burglar con fessed afterwards that he didn't see the joke for six weeks. One of the duties of the old precentor was to read the proclamation and other notices before the be ginning of the service, and many curious blunders are recorded in this connection. In one of the sea port towns many years ago, when vessels left port members of the crew were often commended publicly to the private prayere of the congregation. One captain and his good lady were prominent members of the little church ; and the Sunday after the captain's departure on one occasion the written in timation which was handed to the precentor read as follows ' Captain M'Pherson having gone to sea, his wife desires the prayers of the congrega tion on his behalf.' Whether the precentor was malicious or not we may not say, but, at any rate, by the simple misplacement of the comma after ' sea,' the congregation were told that, ' Captain M'Pherson having gone to sea his wife, desires tho prayers of the congregation on his behalf.' A tradesman in a Mid-Lanarkshire town was recently arraigned before one of the local magis trates on the charge of cutting down a tree situated in the back garden of the house which he tenanted, withouthaving obtained the consent of the landlord. The bailie who was on the bench chanced to be a pompuous, self-opinionated old gentleman, whose legal knowledge is almost nil, yet who is so fond of hearing himself speaking that he cannot resist the opportunity of lecturing the unlucky persons who are brought before him. ' What wey did ye cut doon the tree?' the magistrate' inquired, sharply, ?addressing the accused. 'The tree was quite deid. an' rotten ever sin' I cam' to the hoose, and as it spiled the look of the gairden I cut it doon. Besides, I didna ken it was ony hairm, or I wad hae let it alane.' 'That'll no' dae, my man,' said the bailie, severely, ' ye say ye didna ken that it was wrang, but ignorance o' the law is nae excuse for ony man.' 'Weel, bailie,' replied the culprit, gravely, but with the ghost of a sly, humorous twinkle in his eye, 'if that's the case it's gey hard on the baith o' us.' Nearly a quarter of an hour elapsed before order was entirely re stored. ? A good story is told about Sir Morrell Macken zie, the great English surgeon. Once, when travelling on a steamer, he was accosted by another passenger, who endeavoured to strike up an ac quaintance with him. ' I understand we have quite a celebrity on board — Sir Morrell Mackenzie,' said the stranger. ' Ah ; so,' replied Sir Morrell. ' Yes, he is the noted Englishsurgeon, you know,' said the other. ' But I don't think much of him. I went to him once, and he did me no good.' ' What was your ailment?' asked Sir Morrell. 'Oh, a bronchial affection; but he did me no good. I paid him a guinea.' ' I understood his fee was three guineas,' said Sir Morrell. The next day, a passenger being taken ill, Sir Morrell's ser vices were called' for. ' The gentleman with the bronchial affection, then discovering to whom he had spoken, hastened to apologise. ' Hur— oh — that is — h'm — you know, Sir Morrell,' he said, ' I — er — hope you are hot offended by what I— er — said yesterday ; you know,' I didn't know you, you see ; lia ! ha ! funny, wasn't it?' '1 see nothing funny about' it,' fcaid Sir Morrell, in his most digni^ed manner. ' ' Why — hur — I said I paid you a guinea, you know ; ha ! ha ! ha !' ' I see nothing to laugh at, eh*. As I understand it, you said I treated you, and you paid me a guinea. Therefore, you owe me two guineas, my fee being three guineas.' ' Oh, yes ; oh, yes ; good joke, Sir Morrell, good joke,' and the fellow roared. ' No joke at all, sir, no joke at all. You owe me two guineas, and I always collect my fees. Doubtless I have a record of the case, but I will accept your word for it.' Then the smile gradually faded away from the countenance of tho gentleman with the bronchial affection, andhebegan to look serious. ' There is to be an entertainment to-night,' said Sir Morrell, ' for the benefit of the Marine Hospital. Now, if yon contribute the two guineas to that fund I shall say no more about the matter.' And the Marine Hospital Fund be came two guineas richer. A certain captain once left Marseilles for China, but, being buffeted by the winds, made for the harbour of Tunis, to await better weather. The collector of the port came on board, and although the captain stated that he was freighted for Canton, and had nothing to do with Tunis, the collector succeeded in proving to him that he must pay his harbour dues. Captain B ? did so, but repaired instantly to the palace of the Bey, and demanded ' justice. ' Good -Frank,' said the B^y, 'I am your friend. What do you want?' 'Highness,' ? answered the captain, 'your Custom -House has robbed me. I have had to pay unjustly.' 'Ex- cellent individual,' answered the Bey, 'in this country^ when we have money we keep it. The' first acquisition is a difficulty,' but to give back a thing is unknown in Africa.' ' Shall I not have justice, then ?' ' Certainly ; every one has justice in Tunis. Will you have it in French or Tunis fashion?' ' French justice, never! I am in a hurry ! ' ' So be it, then,' replied the Bey. 'What is your cargo?' 'Marseilles soap and 20,000 cotton caps.' ' It iB well ; go away and be tranquil.' The Bey then summoned his Vizier. 'Vizier,' said he, ' we love justice ; we love the Franks. Proclaim that every Jew who appears out of doors to-morrow without a cotton cap will have a little transaction to settle with me.'. There were some thousands of Jews in Tunis, and there was not a single cotton cap. The unfortunate mien were preparing for death when they learned that Captain B ? had an abundance of the desired article. That was enough ; he was able to sell his entire lot for 8s a cap. He rushed to the Bey's palace, and poured forth his thanks. 'Not so fast,' said the Bey. 'I have not done yet. Vizier, proclaim that every Jew who keeps a cotton cap another hour will have trouble with me.' The Vizier made a grand salaam, and retired. When Captain B ? returned to the ship he found a crowd of Jews already awaiting him, caps in hand. He pur chased all the articles again for a penny apiece, and went on to Canton with his cargo intact, and his purse laden with the silver thus juggled from the Jews. - 