AS WE GO TO PRESS. 1 When a St, Xilda policeman is seen wending bis way station-wards , ,^bout ! midnight with a ^particularly wearied and] disgusted expression radiating from under his helmet, it isn't good for one's whole- i somenees to ask the guardian of tbe peace ' if he's fonnd the ghost yet Bathers at. Kenny's baths .will be glad to learn that slncc the recent -dredging operations at the.-ClSsplnnade they can plunge into twenty -seven feetof water. ' A typical caise of distress ' o four-robmed boose occupied by three -families and a lady lodger out of work. .Liegions ot teuei are wanted for a case like tbe following— a woman nine weeks in arrears in a 9s. house was offered by her landlord a 4s. hoase, but flatly declined to make the change on the ground that she was rather particular where she lived. The atmoBphere is thick with '? snow balls.'* St. Kilda ladies enrolling themselves in the legion of relief. The' nest coldest thing, to a genuine snowball is a large audience in a big hall listening to a French play, and looking as if they liked it. Of course they had to, . because Hia Excellency was there. At half-past ten on Monday night two fisherman named Arthur Thomas and Charles Hamilton were told by another man that some one was supposed to have fallen off the St. Kilda pier. Search was made but nothing fonnd nutil about 9 yesterday morning when a hat was picked ap bctweea Kenny's and Hegarty's baths. Tbe police were informed and tiie water | covered yesterday afternoon, being that of a young man about 35 years of age, sup posed to be identical with a penon re ported to be missing from North Mel* bourne. Mr. John Hambley, school inspector for St. Kilda, had twenty three school cases at St. Kilda court yesterday. Twenty men put on tho Inkerman* street bridge yesterday. The work when fully going will employ about 300. ' Not alms but a friend n is the motto of tbe latest legion of relief. Dr. Embling remarked on Monday -that if every municipal council had taken the same stand as the St. Kilda council, the distress in the suburbs would be much mitigated. True, every line. A handsome compliment was paid on Monday night by Dr. Embling to the St. Kilda council, and particularly to the Hon. Geo. Turner,' for . getting the Inkerman* street bridge started so soon, with the remark that.probably.no one bot Mr. Turner conld have brought it on so quickly* Mr. E, Howell (late Tutcber), the enter prisuxg fruiterer and confectioner of 5 Chapel-street, Prahran, intimates hia readi ness to wait on families for ordere and to serve them faithfully and well at lowest current charges. The fruits arc guaranteed choice and fresh from the orchards, and tbe best brands of colonial wines are also dispensed. rressure on our space compels as to noia over the report of the proceedings in con nection with the 13th anniversary of the Prahran Gospel mission hall, whioh will appear on Saturday. 