?Memmon. The gray curtains of morning twilight nung gloomily over the endless dunes of sand. The drab-green leaflets of the mimosa were not rustled by the slightest breeze, and no bird had yet broken into song. Not a sunbeam to lend its golden embroidery tothe oroken column of the temple; not a ray of silver light to dispel the ashen gloom of the heavens, or break the songless repose of the palm-dotted desert. The distant river, with its fringe of olives melted into the sky, and its silvery shimmer appeared like the sinuous reflection of a luminous lily-star in a gently rippled lake. An opalescent mist crept like a ghost above the parched sands, and the peaceful spirit of silene'~iemed to reign until the morning song of Memnon should break the potent The eternal Pyramids frowned in the dis tance in orders gray, and the asacias bent like the Faithful in prayer, as though im. pressed by the subtle eharm of the silenae that was lonely and unbroken. The herons stood in majestic immobility, as though charmed, among the reeds and sedge that surrounded their watery haunts. Numbers of motionless palms were etched, like sentinels, against the horizon, whose S.a._was yet unconscious of the first faint kis o eaws.--whose folds and draperies of -gray seemed ?iaatsaagthe golden rosem of sunrise to blossom fort akaht them into perfect beauty. In the midst of this apparently eterl' hush, this silence that would make such a beautiful back ground for the harp string twang of his morning voice, Memnon sat in the unbroken solitude, with no breeze to fan his cheek, looking steadfastly toward the east for the first rosy light to tremble in the wan, white sail of day, and wake the ascents of his morning song. Suddenly, the sombre mantle seemed to fall from the sky, and in the distance be. hind the Pyramids a dainty, delicate flush of rose appeared, a breeze started acrosse the burning desert, the lips of, Memnon parted, and filled the ripplel air of midsummer with: "Is it hot enough for you ?" S-. K. Mraersemsw 