THE Lib EL LAW. THE Bill introduced by Mr. ISAACS to amend the Libel Law of the colony should commend itself to every thinking member of the community. According to the present libel law, the individual members of the community, in almost every walk of life, are protected, to a great extent, from the tongue of slander, while the unfortunate newspaper proprietor journalist appeare to be singled out as'the excebtion to the rule. The newspaper proprietor in the exercise of his ordinary avocation is not only withont the protection afforded to ordinary members of the community, but, according to the • operation of a law now obsolete in Great Britain, he is made directly accountable for the utterances of others. The libel laws of Great Britain were framed at a time when the rights of the Press were but imperfectly understood, and — O over thirty years ago these laws were copied and embodied by our Victorian Legislature. It is only fair to the people of the older country to state that they have in this matter progressed with the times, as the libel laws of England have been twice amended of late years. We, on the contrary, have remained stationary, allowing our newspapers to fie penalised for what is termed fair comment in the older country. Mr. ISAACS, in the excellent speech in which he moved the second reading of the. Bill, said:— " The present times were veiy. different from the time, not long ago, when the only newspaper worthy of the name in England —the. London Gazette—contained. nothing except what the Secretary of State, wished the nation to know. At that time it was a crime to reporirParliazoentaiy debates. The right to publish what took place in the courts was hardly then established, and public meetings as they were known now were then unknown. The right to publish judicial proceedings was not established in its entirety in England until 1878. -This right had been recognieedliy Act of Parliament in Victoria in 1665. The right to report Parliamentary proceedings was not established in England until 1868, and then only, by analogy to the right to publish judicial proceedings^ The right was established in the case "of Wason r. Walter, the proprietor of The Times. la the year 1858 Lord Campbell, the Chief Justice of England, introduced into the House' of Lords a measure to grant to news-' papers the .right to fairly and coriectiy report the proceedings fit public,meetings, -but the'measure waj5 rejected;. Xn I88l>fche position of affairs had greatly altered in England. Newspapers had advanced to a" marvellous position, and in I.B81 the British Legislature passed - an Act which granted to tie newspapers the rightto publish fair nd accurate lepoite of ijin^lic ineet-. fiy that Act it must he ehomi by dant that the defamatory matter comp^ained.of jnt -for the public,benefit; and so eecqxe did Pariiameat frel on this matter f granting freedom to ihs press that In 1688 these was passed the pi^fitlWlish Btatnte, of which |he bfU vps JmciicaHy a opy. The measure gave to newspajsers the right - to ppbjifh < and ' accurate eports tiotonlyofpublic jneetincs/iut of meetings of municipal 'TOundfi, school boards, and bodies of -a like natare. Tjsis i ight "WTae restricted ;t>y ! B very aimparlant" or«"Jdeia.tion.feBeSDte » newspaper vcould laim privilege the 4jnns %md ^biirdeu was - tolfU npon it of proving ebsolutely that it was free from all blame in the matter, and did nothing more than give to the public a matter of public concern for the public benefit bonajide and without malice, and only in the cases mentioned in the Act. The measure passed the House of Commons without a division, and the House of Lords went further, Lord Herschell moving an amendment to provide that a newspaper should not be compelled to show that the matter complained of was for the public benefit, so long as it was a matter of public concern. In mat view the majority ot the House of Lords concurred, and amongst those who voted for the amendment were Lord Hopetonn and Lord Kintore. When the bill went back to the House of Commons, however, the provision that the report should be for the "public benefit" was re-inserted and subsequently agreed to by the House of Lords, notwithstanding that that Chamber had been previously opposed to the inclusion of the provision in the bill.™ It would be absurd to assert that there should be no restriction newspaper publications, as, in the ordinary correspondence and newsmatter,"it 16 the duty of the editor of a newspaper to see that nothing of a libellous or defamatory nature -will he suffered to appear. The case is, however different when a newspaper is held liable for utterances at meetings •which have to be reported in the interests of the general public. To show the anomaly of the present law we have only to point out that whilst a member of Parliament is so protected by privilege that he can say almost what he pleases, a similar speech delivered in one of our_ Shire Councils or in a Court of justice would bring down all the terrors of the Libel Law, not on the individuals who uttered the libellous words, but on the proprietor of the journal that published them. The Bill introduced by Mr ISAACS will, if passed into law, put an end to this anomalous state of things, by providing that a newspaper which publishes a fair and accurate report of what takes place at the meeting of any public body, -will be held blameless for the publication of the utterances of any member of that body, provided always, that a newspaper is willing to publish any reasonabl3 letter by way of explanation of the report or statement. Though to many good old Conservatives who would protect- even the abuses of the past, Mr ISAACS must appear in the light of a daring innovator, they may take comfort and console themselves with the reflection that in this matter we aTe following the lead of Conservative England, and copying legislation passed more than ten years ago in. the older country LEOAI. PAHTKEESHIP.—It is intimated by advertisement in another column that Mr Hurry has admitted his son, Mr GeofEry Htirry, barrister and solicitor, into partnership with him, and that the business will be carried on under the title of " EL Hurry and Son." We wish the new firm every success. ACCOUNTS are awaiting payment at the local Sub-Treasury for the following:— G. T. Beare, Charles Cogger, J. P. Cooney (coroner), Joseph Dwyer, John Follett, Shire of Metcalfe, Dr. H. Muir, and N. Newton. GOSPEL TEMPERANCE UNION.—We learn that the two lady evangelists travelling in connection with the Women's Christian Temperance Union, will visit Kyneton early next week. Flattering comments have appeared in the papers published where these ladies have been prosecuting their mission. Further particulars will appear early next week. MEETRAA AT IIAXTBISTON.—The Rev. Slather O'Brien desires that the ladies of Lauriston interested in the bazaar, to be lielJ at Xfuruustxm «&rly; in December, to pay off the debt on the Sacred Heart Church, should meet in the church tomorrow (Sunday) afternoon at 4 o'clock, to make the preliminary arrangements for the bazaar. PBESENTATION TO CANON CHAI/MERS.— At the Church of England Assembly on Tuesday, the standing orders were suspended to allow of a presentation being made to the Rev. Canon Chalmers, bishop elect of Goulburn, N. S. W. The Bishop of Melbourne, who made the presentation, spoke in complimentary terms of Canon Chalmers, who for over thirty years, had done good work in the ministry. He had been requested to say that the presentation consisted of the episcopal robes, the robe and hood of a Doctor of Divinity, and a cheque to defray the expenses of attaining the degree of Doctor of Divinity of the university of Toronto. Dr. Goe then read the address, which was of great length, and was signed by upwards of 200 clergymen. After Canon Chalmers suitably replied, an address was ready by the Chapter of Kyneton, of which Canon Chalmers was the first rural dean. M.U.LO.O.F.—The quarterly meeting of the Manchester Unity Independent Order of Oddfellows was held last evening. There was a fair attendance. Bro Mefcafe, P.G., occupied the chair. Attention was directed to the fact that the trustees have a large sum of money in hand, and general wish was expressed that the same should be invested as soon as possible. The-following were elected delegates to the district meeting, to be held at Castlemaine; Bros. - Wright, Thirkettle, Hnghes, and (emergency). The financial statement showed that the finances of the lodge were in good order, and the roll showed an increase in membership. THE RECENT EVICTION.—A correspondent writes:—I see by your, paper of the 29th some reference made about the matter of the Bank of New South Wales v. Fay» Of course I knowperfectly well where you ; got your information. The person who gave it to you was no more courageous than your bumble servant, he himself being armed with, a six-shooter, and when told that Mr. Fay was carrying a fire iron about, he and his companion looked as pale as Hamlet's Ghost; he also forgot to tell yon that he called in at Connort to make inquiries if I had gone on, when finding that he only Had just passed, one of them said Oh, we will stay and let him go in a hit and make peace, BO as WE can go up boldly on the scene,oE course to avoid the sergeant's bullets. -'Excuse me for writing this, but I do notlike to"Eee myuame Eo'conspicuoudy liroughl outj if only in a lark/wheu there were others who were a lot more scared than the man with the double-barrelled gun. Of course the whole thing is a lark, and ended up withont smoke. . Ds. M. J. EYAN advertises that he has removed from Simpson Street to his former residence at the corner of Ebden and Jennings Streets, opposite the Fire Brigade station. HOSPITAL ENTERTAINMENT. — Saturday night entertainments in Kyneton are rare, bnt one is billed for this evening at the Temperance HalL Mr E. Dawson King, the English lecturer,.. who - made such. an excellent impression' by his lectures • a month ago, is to give an ^'Evening -with Poets and Humorists" to-night. In aid of ihe Kyneton Hospital. Mr/King will also give some dramatic recitals, and the programme will be varied with JPocal and instrumental music. The eiiarge for admiseion is small/and there shbufd be B. good •attendance. Mr W. Thomson, J.P., jtreradentotthe hospital, will be chairman for t&e; occasion. Tsot ;]ToBP AND THB PBEEAOE.—We learn "r^ErOm a late - cablegram, that ADv fiobert"Beyior,Sufctbn the bookmaker, who it will be remembered was mixed up In'a discreditable betting.transactionwith lord Deeiliureti»Sn"'8t3l»ume, married, lady. J3oi»taeIl«»Sc?rflthp only fcuster -of-Hie Martinis'' hf jSSleabi&y.; It appeais tbat Suttoniswho!Aad (been a phvate^Boldier,' left the army and came to AustxaUafiE a' bookmatea~!Wbere he married atfelbonrne lady.-fram vbom he ehortly afterurardsottained-a-^ivopse.; ffls |6«pBbBr4n3afr, thie Marquis, is said to »aye hist&-^ortune'on^ TirtOEiNO.—We are requested to draw attention 4o MrP. Bennetfa«a»iertiBeniBnt our cblumna. s i p WESLSTAS M.IA.—The bnsmess at the meetinfipt this society on Thursday, con- Bistedrfn* making arrangements for the ensuing term, which will be inaugurated on Thursday October 13, when a variety programme will be submitted by the younger members of the society. The election of officers resulted as follows :— President Rev. G. Sclsofield; vice-presidents, Messrs. J. Beebe and Simpson ; treasurer, Mr. G. Johnson,- librarian, Mr. H. Castles; committee, Mrs. M'Lennan. Misses Castles, Johnson and Bobbins j Messrs. Campbell, Castles, A Johnston and Stevens. Mr. M'Lennan was unanimously elected president, bnt at a later stage in the meeting declined the position, and the Rev. Mr. Schofield consented to resume the office. C.Y.M.S.—At the meeting of the local branch of the Catholic Young Men's Society on Thursday evening only the routine business was gone through. A letter was read from the Rev Father Ryan (Mansfield!, acknowledging receipt of the illuminated address from the members, and expressing his sincere thanks. It was decided to hold a "social evening" on the 18th proi. Next Thursday evening will be devoted to "impromptu speaking." FOUND IN KTNETCN.—The police report the finding of a purse and pocket book yesterday. The owner by calling and giving a description of the article and contents will have it restored. HOSPITAL SUNDAY.—The members of the Phoenix Band have commenced practice for Hospital Sunday (6th November), and we are requested to mention that any players desirous of taking part are invited to join in the practice, commencing on Thursday next at 8 pjn. sharp., at the State school. Tss LOBD MAYOR OF LONDON.—According to a late cablegram, Alderman Stuart Knill,the representative of Bridge Within Ward of the City of London, who has been nominated to the office of Lord Mayor of London, but who has intimated that his religious beliefs will prevent him from attending Divine Services at St. Paul's has been examined on the subject by the liverymen. Mr. Stuart Knill repeated his statement that he could not conform to the religious services of the city, which gave rise to uproar and hisses, cries of " Wo Popery 1" being raised. He said that he was prepared to guarantee that Protestant charities should not suffer, and that he would not allow the Catholics to take precedence. A motion was brought forward that the allegiance of Mr. Knill to the Pope disqualified him from office of Lord Mayor of London, but the chairman of the meeting overruled this. Mr. Stuart Knill was declared to be elected. SOCIAL AT CAETLEMLAINE.—We learn from one of our Castlemaine exchanges that a social was held in St. Mary's E.C. Schoolroom, on Thursday, as a return to a committee of ladies, and also to mark the anniversary of the worthy pastor's (Father Murphy's) ordination. Amongst the visitors were Fathers Quinn and Fahey (Woodeud), and Fathers O'Brien and M'Carter (Kyneton). AN IRISH GENTLEMAN.—Sir Charles Gavan Duffy is the perfect type, indeed, of the old Irish gentleman; is a very entertaining companion, a capital story-teller, and has an intellect remarkable for its acuteness and its all-absorbing character. He knows everything. He is of low stature and heavy build, and wears a bushy beard, which, notwithstanding he is close on 80 years, is only slightly tinged with grey. Mrs Carlyle in her Journal thus describes Gavan Dufiy as he looked in 1844, during a visit he paid to "the Sage of Chelsea":— *' Mr Duffy took my husband's fancy, and mine also to a certain extent. With the coarsest of human faces, decidedly as like horse's as a man's, he is one of the people that I should get to think beautiful, there is so much of the power both of intellect and passion in his physiognomy." A MISSION AT BEDESDALE.—A mission will be opened in the RC. church tomorrow, by the Very Bev. Prior Murray, D.D., one of the Augustian Fathers, com mencing with 11 o'clock mass. The pastor — of the Heathcote mission, the Rev. Kearns. will be in attendance. A SO-CALLED TEMPERANCE TOWNSHIP.— The only attempt made in the colonies to run a temperance township on anything like a large scale, appears to have been a complete failure, if we may judge from the following paragraph :—In dealing with cases of sly-grog selling at Mildura on Wednesday, the police magistrate, Mr. W. W. Greene, gave it as his opinion that in view of the demoralisation arising from the recent sly-grog prosecutions, it would be better for Mildnra to be placed in a similar position to other parts of the colony with regard to the Licensing Act. Bo ADS TO FABKERS 1 GATES.—At the meeting of the Echuca Shire Council on Tuesday, objection was taken by some councillors to the clause which is invariably found in specifications for works providing that contractors shall continue road formation to the entrance gates of farmers' holdings. It was considered an unnecessary expense, and the president expressed himself pointedly on the matter. He wanted to know of the engineer why he had included the clause in the specifications. *' ] received instructions from several councilors," replied the engineers. "I would like to know who the particular councillors were," replied the president inquiringly. " I was one," vouchsafed Cr. Rankin, who looked as if he expected a -storm. . The discussion waxed warm for a few minutes, and it was decided that in future the objectionable clause be excised. This roused the ire of Cr. Rankin, who stood defiantly up and said, " Look here, Mr President, if a contractor takes earth from my entrance and neglects to place formation there, I'll make the council substitute a bridge." The effect of the motion remains to be seen. Riverine Herald. TRIAL OF A NEW MILKING MACHINE. An exhibition of the new milking machine was made on Friday last (states the Argus) at Mr Craig's farm, near Stratford, in Gippsland. The machine under notice is the invention of Messrs' Iftcholson and Gray, Scotland, and is the first apparatus of the land "brought into Victoria. Mr Craig,, the importer, on visiting the old country some time ago, was so struck with the efficiency of the machine that he decided to bring one to his farm in Gipps- So much has been heard lately of this invention, that much interest was evinced in the trial. Mr Craig has the apparatus fixed up in a double row byre with 10 cows" on each side. In order to give the . spectators a good opportunity of witnessing the operation, only one side of the shed Was filled with cows. On the steam being turned on, and the cnps attached to the teats of the cows, the milk flowed freely into the cans with ease and simplicity, which at once convinced most of the onlookers that the machine is an undoubted success, the general opinion ,ex- JHessedregarding it beingthat theproblem of milking cows by machinery -had been solved. The Minister.of Agriculture stated that be believed this new milling machine would be as great a'benefit to the dairy forming of this colony as the reaper and binder had been to the wheat growers. It may be mentioned that Mr Craig's machine has not yet been fitted with a late improvement in the eups called a pulsometer, which gives (he suction a relieving action something after the natural motion of the hand or the calfs tongue in drawing milk from the teats." When this improvement is effected, it is expected that the machine Ttjlldo its work perfectly., , In its present fonn eome of the<K>ws are hot inclined to give down their milk, bnt that may be chiefly'owing to their beingr unused to the operation. Most of the cows, it -was observed, stood chewing the cud during the process of milking. To NEWSPAPER SUBSCRIBERS.—The following paragraph, from the Seymour _E»- P«ss, is BO much to the point Hiat wewould recommend it to our overdue Subscribers -— While the postage rate was only a pennv atjwas considered neither troublesome nor" expenaveto furnish accountshalf adoien tones bom this -office. However, now that the charge has been increased to twopence, tie system cannot be continued^- Xrsnbsoaer maylook upon his account ae a mere teffl^ scarcely worth troubling- abont. bnt if he only remembers that there are many hundreds of such account® in.a nawspaper offioVhe ogght to see theiuueafionabfaj^ nrav-'L J • —jb ittojun TT — on troinfenerliilf^ar' ^mip mmrt/mq 1 another. There is in reality Tejy IitUe .-J- :.. „*• -X^-.-, • —IODE; BNTFLIFIY , . , a poeifaraloss whett-^jocounte hate 5° '»«»a^yifnniiBhed.- Wfll-anbcnbersheWna ibnonglito iiote this faebr n connectapn with increased rate of s oetape. m DEATH OP MISS KELLY.—We are sorry to learn (writes the M'lvor Times) that' Miss Elizabeth Kelly, 13 years of age, whose parents reside at Bedesdale, recently died at Beendigo from an injury sustained early in April last. The child received a kick from a horse, causing a severe wound and fracture of the skull.- She had undergone an operation, and was under medical treatment at Bendigo. KYNETON GUILD.—The monthly service for young.people. will be. held in the Inde^ pendent Church to-morrow evening at 7 o'clock. Particulars will found in our advertising columns. DR. BEAKEr's MONUMENT.—The monument to the late Dr. J. G. Beaney, MX.C., who died in June, 1891, writes the Herald, was completed a day or two since over the grave ot the deceased gentleman, in the Church of England division of the Melbourne General Cemetery, by Messrs Jageurs and Son, of the Boyal Park Marble Works, whose design was accepted about 12 months ago. Standing close to the principal gates its tall spire is observable on entering. It consists of an obelisk of brilliantly polished Aberdeen red granite, rising to an elevation of 30ft. Only slightly does it differ from the simple Egyptian memorial, the sculptors having treated effectively in the classic style the mouldings of the cap and second base. The inscription is on the main panel. Around the monument is a handsome superstructure of bluestone kerbings supporting Mintaro slate flagging, neatly relieved with coloured encaustic tiles. Massive iron railings enclose the memorial, and a marble approach is laid from the roadway up to it. WHAT'S IN A NAME.—Cr. O'Donohoe, writes the Leader, who evidently baa the interest of the Borough of Chewton at heart, and who has watched the return of prosperity to Sandhurst under its old and now new "name of Bendigo, has made a move in a similar direction with a view to having the ancient name of Forest Creek applied to Chewton. The other members favoured the proposal at their meeting last night, and the town clerk was instructed to inake inquiries as to the cost which would be entailed consequent upon the alteration! DEATH OF MB. ANDREW SCOTT.—The following paragraph in last nighf s Evening Standard refers to Mr Scott, who was in charge of the diamond drill which discovered the deep lead at Boggy Creek "MorweU, Friday—Mr Andrew Scott, the well-known foreman of the Government diamond drill in the Boolarra and Mirboo districts, died to-day, after a short illness. He contracted, a cold which ended in a galloping consumption. He leaves a wife and 11 children. His remains will be buried with Masonic honours." During his residence in this district Mr Scott made very many friends, who will regret his early death. By the death of Mr Scott the Mines Department loses an expert and conscientious servant. NOTICE.—We are requested to state that Mr B. Wellmens has arranged with his successor to hold one week's sale in order to reduce the stock prior to his taking possession. All debts owing to Mr B. Wellmens must be paid during this week, and all claims against him ' will be satisfied on application.—TADVT.] CAUSE AND EFFECT.—All true scientists and earnest and honest searchers after facts, and, indeed, all broad-minded and investigating physicians in every country, now proclaim that a large majority of the different diseases have one and the same cause, viz., microbes. Either one and all of the different organs of the human system are liable to be attacked by these diminutive destroyers, and each organ complains in its own peculiar way; hence the different symptoms. The same remedy that successfully banishes this insidious foe from the nasal passages will rout it from the stomach, the liver, or the blood No matter where it locates, it produces fermentation, putrefaction, disease and death. It follows that if the microbes cause disease, the removal of the microbes from the system means restoration to health, The same medicine that will remove them from one organ will remove them from the entire system. For proof of our claim we ask you to read carefully the genuine and undeniable testimonials which we have permission to show from leading people all over the world, and which have been given for no other purpose than a desire to inform others of the.wonderful curative powers Badajn's "Microbe Killer." Composed it is of pure water charged with antiseptic gases, it is perfectly harmless to all but disease life. It is used as water only in smaller quantities. Its antiseptic power stops fermentation. No microbe can live in it, but the doses must be sufficient to permeate the entire body. If the body saturated with " Microbe Killer" no disease can exist. We have the testimony of doctors and scientists to prove this. We will post you a pamphlet giving full directions for using the " Microbe Killer" on application. R. RICHARDSON, Agent for Kyneton E. D. WILLIAMS, Agent for Castlemaine —ADVT. 