SPORTING NEWS FROM MEL BOURNE. . By'NunquamDormio.' . Melbourne, November 26. TheTurp.'1 : '?ffter thp Storm-the Calm'; and thafshow matters are with us just at Fu^ox .Cettainly.we have the entries for the Standish and Bagot Handicaps to cast our eyes over ; but we will not have the weights therefore until Monday, 5th De cemoer, ana t&erefore; there's no utility in speculating on possible eventualities in that connection. Of course we have had the usual crop of proprietary course fixtures ? but here again the proceedings have been stale, flit and unprofitable,' and, eo far as —~^ *««,iUS m » lutona is at present con cerned, the refrain is a pronounced ' Ichab S- n ?^P« lt i8 the fa2fc that the VA ±.G. and V.B.C. meetings proved so 'un« profitable' to the general public that accounts for the present stagnation ui racing matters ; and certes it is rather depressing to ruminate over the possible divvy that might have been paid out overGlenloth for the Melbourne Cup had the Legislative Council only deemed it ad visable to pass the Totalisator Acr. It is on record that a horse named D.O.D. ence Banned out n. riiviifanii /%* dqoo r.._ ? pound investment in the Goodwood Handi cap at Adelaide; and I am very firm in the faith that had the '-infernal machine' been m vogue last Spring Meeting at Fleming ton thw huge dividend would have been ex ceeded over Glenleth. Personally I am extremely sorry that it wasn't in vogue, as I gave Glenloth a winning chance along with The Admiral and Malvolio.tfiAATOni™ before the race, when I first obtained reli able information that he could stay every' yard of the two miles. For all that, had it been a dry day, I feel convinced The Ad miral would have won. According 'to a late copy of The In Quibeb, I notice that Mr. G. A. Towton has been awarded the sum of .£60 by the Go vernment of West Australia as compensa Hon for injuries sustained by his racing mare Ina, through colliding with a wire fence of the railway. The particulars are not to hand, but the case is noteworthy, regard to one of our late visitors from New South Wales, Mr. E. Keys, the owner of E.K. and Ruenalf. It appears that Keys despatched these horses by train from Eed fera station, Sydney, to Melbourne, and accompanied them himself. Everything went aU right a? far as Wodonga, the start of the Victorian section of the overland journey ; but here. desDite the nrnteHtnfinnc of the owner, the horse-box containing the horses was transferred on to a cattle train, which stops at every siding where there may be a bullock or two to pick up. It was in vain that Keys protested, and offered to pay any sum in reason for the horse-box to be attached to the 'special' train; they would not listen to him. At last he was :orced to give way, and then the trouble began. The first two or three st/mnino. places were negotiated with some little care but as time grew on the man at the brake applied it,in all sorts of ways when pulling up or starting, and the more vehemently Keys denounced him and threatend to re port his conduct the worse the disability occurred. To make matters worbe ihe horses were fixed head and etern, in stead of across midship, so that at every jolt their head', would come into concussion with the end of the box, or vice versa Ruenalf (by Grand Flaneur— Olga), a three-year-old colt that Keys considered naa an excellent cbance in the Melbonrne Cup, was bo injured that not alone was he unable to take part in the Spring cam paign, but it is extremely improbable that he will ever race again. Under the cir cumstances, Keys considers he has a just claim for damages against the Victorian Government, but as he took his tickets onf. under New South Wales regulations it is more than likely he will have to bring a separate action in tbe Supreme Court of each colony. 'Ihe protest against. Etra Weenie, the winner of the Oaks, on the plea that Chris Moore, her rider, wilfully caused her t) jostle and bore the favourite, Trieste, out from the rails t» close on the other side cf me scraignc running, was dismissed on the third day of the meeting, when the charge was brought ; but the J. B. Clark syndicate and their friends were not satisfied with this, arid appealed to the committee of the Victoria facing Club for a re-hearing of the case, as also additional evidence. This came on last Monday, with the result that the appeal was dismissed and the action of the stewards thereby confirmed. ? This1 has aroused the ire of Mr. James Liddle Pur vea, the 'eminent' Quepn'n rv-nneni ™v,« n on evidently 'indemnified' report of an interview which appears in the Sporting Standard of last week, descends to the lowest abue to try and besmirch the fair fame of those stewards who failed to look at the occurrence through his spectacles, rt appears that on the first inquiry, at the time of the protest, one of the stewards re fused to act because he had backed Etra Weenie, whilst Mr. Septimus Miller also wished to withdnw because he was mone tarily interested in the victory of Trieste Mr. Miller couldn't possibly be sparedj however, and so he sat and adjudicated on the casf». Mr. Purves owns that he had money on Tritste, and yet he charges' the committee with bringing in an 'infamous' nd/ncinn t\t nnnnn^.nl^M« _rc ? . vx.iiu.uu, vm. ^ijicuauug a -gross miscar riage of justice,' of 'prostituting their positions, ' and so forth It is exceedingly amusing to read how this legal luminary changed front when he was called upsn to tell a man, instead of a boy, he was stating a falsehood ; the particular piece of evidence ho gave before the committee being re ported by the Sporting Standard as fol lows : — ' Mr. Purves was warmly cross-examined by Mr. Power, the owncr of Etra Weenie. He was asked what he would say if Chris. Moore said the mare ran a bee line course' and very true. 'If Chris. Moore says that,'' we ^.u. repuea, ? men he tells a deliberate falsehood. A furthtr question was put to Mr. Purres as to what he would say if a similar statement was made by Mr. George Watson. ' Why,' iyaa the reply, ' Mr. Wat sin can know or say nothing about it, bp cause he told me he saw nothing of it ai all.' ' You will perceive that the ' eminent* Q.C. was 'too jolly frightened' (as the black fellows put it) to eay that Mr. George Watgoa ' told a deli berate falsehood' (when he correborates Chris. Moore's evidence in every paiticu'ar) even though the old Carragb of Kildare hero has long passed the three score years and ten allowed to man. The circumstance tends to emphasize the opinion formed at the time (albeit his Dutch courage), when he lectured Mr. Justice Hodges until the latter sent for the Sheriff. Here is a choice piece of the Q.C.'s evidence concerning the late protest. Kind ly lake particular notice of the ital* icised portions thereof:— In answer to the inter viewers question— 'What was your position in this matter, Mr Purves ?' the Q C. replied— 'I wa3 stationed in the little box over the weighing scales. This ivastne test position, tar none, from which to view whdf occurred. It was impossible for the stewards .to* see what was going on— quite im'possible. , Tiell, to put it shortly, for fully a distance, Moore; on Etra- Weenie, was locked against Trieste, forcing the latter from her position near the rails, and sanding her right over to the judge's box. I never saw anything more -v.*Vw»mv^. wj. wviuioc, xu jb lmpoaaluld to 3ay whether Trieste would have won, but Mr. Clark was entitled to the race for bare faced jo-tling. As soon as the race was ver, Lord Jersey, who was standing next :o me, declared that Trieste should pet the race, and all of us said—' Oh, Etra-Wennie cannot get it, because she interfered with Trieste.' When the borces Were returning to the sca'e fully 5000 people sang out ' ^1? t;' 1 is a ltmS time sines the public saw through anything* so clearly. After the race I spdlie tb Mr. McCulioch, as he was in the lest position of dll for seeing what went on: He quite agreed with all I had seen, and described events exactly as I saw them. Going up to luncheon I met Mr. George Watson, who said that he saw absolutely nothing of the occurrence.' N«w, notwithstanding the 5000 people (not 4999 mark you 1 or ereii 5001 ? but the fair level 5000!) who sang out 'Protest!' or the fact that 'All of us '—that's I, Jersey and Co., all SHid-' Oh, Etra-Weonie can not get it, because she interfered wMi I neste; or the other fact that the eminent Q.C. was 'in the best position bar none for seeing what occurred' ; or still another fact that Mr. R. J. McCulioch (the judge) 'was in the position of all for seeing what went on, ' I may as well inform my readers that away up in the centre of the upper Grand Stand, fully half a furlong closer to the scene of action, and looking right down on the whole proceeding, were foregathered together from 20 to 30 members of the bourth Estate in our own private sanctum ?auctorium; and devil the mother's son ,u^.,any 3O3tling or interfer ence— albeit the majority of us had our few beans on the favourite. What we did see wasafair'duikum' struggle from about a furlong and a half from home, towards the finish of which the daughter of Chester went down before the Trenton filly, as Chester's stock always do go down when ever they get anything to race alongside and pinch them. That Etra Weenie did pinch her was made manifpaf. t» +t,« fact that the last 6 furlongs were traversed ml min.15 sec. and, as Trieste Btarted with Insomnia and finished up with Etra Weenie, it stands to reason that the latter must have accomplished the distance in even less time, seeing that she was fully three lengths behind Insomnia at the rix-furlong post So must Trieste, who was behind Etra Weenie again. No wonder they both bored out from the rails a trifle whilst goineat such a tremendous bat the last furlonl of sii mm »se. uut-. on their backs ! And as a matter of fact, they did both shift out ? but as for any jostling or interference on Meore s part the thing was all moonshine. Chris. Moore is far from being popular with the stewards, Trieste was a warm favourite and therefore it looked ' odds on' a verdict in favor of the protest. I have not the pleasure of Mr. Jack Reany's acquaintance, but as I have heard casually that he is not 'half a bad sort,' I shall just quote the following from to-day's Sporting Standard, in connection with his icueuu.aubempc to purcdase or lease Port sea :— ' Some negotiation took place recent ly for the sale of a well-known Victorian horse to go to Western Australia. The parties could not come to terms, but the bold bidder had a big card in reserve. He asked for tbe loan of the horse for two months, and offered the princely considera fcion of £150. Our friend from the Bight aught gratify his modest ambition at the south Yarra pony course, and advance :rom there by gradual stages to a compre lension of what racing really means.' 1 nars up against Beany's duckhouae. By the way, if Beany wants Portsea very badly, as I am a personal friend of F. W. Purehes I might get him for say a couple of thou sand pounds. Jonathan Brown, who had been V.E.C. ranger for 33 years, died at his residence^ Flemington Racecourse, last Tuesday, and had an immense funeral on Thursday. He was 70 years of age. Singapore never recovered the accident he experienced on falling in the V.R.C. Handican at. fVif- lofoVvn cn..;n~ tut ? ». ing and yielded up the ghost last week. It was ' hard mozzle ' for Singapore, as it was to have been his last race prior to leav ing the post for the paddock. This is a fair specimen of the childish babble that occasionally, appears in tho ' Sporting Standard':— 'West Australian handicappers apparently despise Melbourne Cup favourites as small potatoes when com paicu wtuu me giant uuDers or tne West. What do you think of Wandering Willie, m the Perth Cup having to concede Poitsea lOlbs.?' According to how I fix things up it would be ponnds to shillings on the Wandering covey 'downing' little Portsea (he is only a handful) if they meet in your colony at the respective weights allotted them in the Perth Cup. But there's not the slightest probability of their doing so. There is such a thing looming ahead as the Australian Cup— to say nothing about the Champion Stakes. ..The following letter, in acknowledgment of a resolution of condolence which was adopted by tin council of tha Royal Colonial Institute on the death of the late Poet Laureate, has been addressed to the secre taryof the Institute by the present Lord Tennyson:— '-Aldworth, Haslemere, Oct. 15,1892.' Dear Sir,— Let me say for my mother and myself how very grateful we ft.1V*. TAr W\d t\^rr\y-aoa\tvr\ s\S W!hJ ^, ? *i ? from the council of the Royal Colonial Institute. The resolution regarding my father is indeed precious to us. One of the deepest desires of his life was to help the realisation of the ideal of an Empire by the moat intimate union of every part of our British Empire. He believed that every different member so united would, with a heightening of in uiviu.uu.uby to eaen memDer, give such strength and greatness and stability to the whole as would make our Ifmpire a faithful and f earles leader in all that is good through out the would.— Youra faithfully,— Hai^ah Tenntson. J. S. O'Halloran, Esq., Royal Colonial Institute.' Attention is called to ]u\r. Jas. E. Bar ratfs advertisement of hiB Wellington Nursery, now removed about 200 yards from his late premises, recently resumed for railway purposes. Considering the short time which has elapsed since the removal of this nursery the improvements already effected give promise of very great things in the course of a year or two. Mr. Barratt took a number of prize3 at the late Horti cultural Show, and ab the present moment has the finest collection of Gladioli and Dahlias in bloom which has ever been seen in this colony. Mr. Robert Smith, of Barrack-street, has been showing during the past few days some remarkably fine specimens of cabbages grown in the Bunbury district, and recently exhibited at one of the local shows in that each of the specimens turns the scale at 30 lbs. weight. Hardy's Serenade Minstrels will open in the Oddfellows Hall, Fremantle, this even ing, for a short season «f four nights. On Saturday last a meeting of the credit ors of Mr. J. G. Gregory was held at the office of Mr. Moss, solicitor. The liabilities were skated to amount to JE170. An offer of 10a. in the £ was accepted by those creditors who were present. 