STRAINGE REMEDIES. There is an interesting paper in Chaambera'x Journal upon "Strange Diseases and Strange Remedies" as observed and practised in Ire land. We make one or two extracts: A P'OWHFUL CARM. Credulity aud superstition are hot confined to the lower classes alone in Ireland. A story told me as an actual fact by an educated lady, the daughter and sister of a clergy man, might very well be classed as an instance of both. We were discussing the subject of charms, and I was surprised to see that she belieced in them herself, as did also her reverend brother. " I cannot doubt what I know to be true myself," she said; andtold us the following tale, which I give in heir own words:-" There was a man in our village, a respectable shopkeeper, who was afflicted with an enormous tumour in his check. I well remember the feelings of awe and curiosity with which I used to inspect his profile in church when I was a child. Ho sat a few pews in front of us, and I could not resist the temptation of watching him all through the service, and looking for the grotesqueeffects of hisenormouslyexaggerated cheek. His infirmity seemed to increase with years, and the poor man was a frightful object. One day not long ago I passed a man in the village street whoso face I seemed to know, and yet I could not think of his name. It suddenly dawned upon me it was Mi. - - without his swollen cheek I I could hardly believe my senses, and followed him into a shop on purpose to see if it really could be the man I had seen only the Sunday before, so marvellously changed in such a shorttime. Yes, it certainly was Mr. \- . He addressed me first, saying, ' I suppose you hardly recognise me;' and then he told me how he was cured. It was by a charm ! He was advised to go out the first night the new moon was visible, and, after saying, 'In the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost,' to wave a dinner plate round his head nine times towards the new moon. He did so, and in the morning his tumour had completely disappeared!" Such was the tale told to me and implicitly believed in by an educated Irish lady. HEROIC sAs URcES. The lower orders of the Irish are, as a rule, rather hypochondriacal, and they are fond of trying peouliar re medies for their ailments. A favourite poultice for wounds is a paraffin candle scraped and some cabbage, all boiled to gether. A simple but rather unpleasant remedy for a cut leg was recommended to an old man-it was to sit with his leg in a bog hole all night. This he tried with perfect success. His leg got quite well ; but, as he died of bronchitis a few days afterwards, he did not long enjoy his " perfect cure." A carpenter, who in chopping wood had out a slice off his shinbone with the hatchet, first applied a poultice of nettles and salt. This not healing it immediately, he put on a band age soaked in Venice turpentine. As the wound remained obstinate, and even got worse under his gentle treatment, he deter mined to hbe firm with it and show it he would stand no more nonsense; so he burned it with blue stone ! He did not lose the leg; but it did not recover until less heroic reme dies were ued. A poor man suffering from inflammation of the eye caused by a thorn, had blue-stoue blown in. He did lose the eye. A VILLAGR TRAGEDY. A favourite remedy for every kind of in ternal pain is hot vinegar punch: indeed, vinegar, taken either cold or hot it is considered almost a specific for every thing. It must be comforting in some cases! It is much used for a "squeozin' on the hart," which is the com monest complaint of all. They are a kindly and sympathetic race, always ready to help each other in cases of sickness, either with nursing or good advice; hut I fear in most oanses the remedies prescribed are far worse than the disease. A village tragedy occurred in my own knowledge. A young blacksmith, whose wife had presented him with their first baby, was horrified to find that the infant had been born with teeth. So unusual an event must be unlucky; so the poor baby's teeth were drawn by the un skilled hand of the blacksmith. The baby died; and the mother, shocked and grioved by the scene, died soon afterwards. "But sure, he'd never have had luck or grace if them unlucky teeth hadn't been dhrew." 