Melbourne Gossip. (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) MELBOURNE, Thursday. "FINANCIrAL conspiracy " is becoming to have an unpleasant sound as a phrase in these days. The sentences passed upon Olarke and Taylor, with their accompanying fines, have struck a certain key.note of alarm. Possibly they may exert that "moral influence" of which Melbourne seems a little in need. Certain it is that, in this par ticular instance, secto;ices more just were never passed. The public had been restive under the insignificance of the punishment previously inflicted upon Taylor. That a man who had deliberately ruined hundreds should escape with a two years' sentence seemed monstrous. But the eight years added to it gives it an air of genuine punishment. For Clarke there is some feeling of pity. But one has only to read of the pitiful tricks played by him to bolster up his credit, of the cheques from Jews paid in one day to be withdrawn the next, to feel that he has not met with an unjust judge. Your readers may not have attached due significance to Mr. Justice Hood's remarks that he wished it had not fallen to his lot to try Clarke. For they were bred up as boys and friends together. Their honest old fathers had adjacent busi ness premises, and when Hood and Clarke juniors played cricket or marbles together, this court scene of 1892, with its background of prison walls, probably did not rise up before their eyes. But Mr. Justice Hood did his duty. These be hard times, admittedly. Nothing but deficit, retrenchment, and taxation stare the Government in the face. Even Protectionist Victoria is quailing at the notion of having to pay 9d for its drinks, and possibly the increased price of. beer which is threatened by the forthcoming excise duty on beer, may create a disturb ancg among those who hold it to be heterodox to rob the poor man of his beer. Victorians, indeed, are bleed ing at every pore with taxation. Sin gularly enough, however, everything except beef and liquor is cheaper. Time was when a man could hardly get a suit for five guineas. To-day, Protection and Customs notwithstand ing, you can get the same article for three guineas. Clothing, furniture, and food were never cheaper, while rents have gone down 20 per cent. I leave the economist to explain the fact. But there is a greater blow yet pending. We Victorians are just a little bit given to boasting. Not a bad habit, mind you, because it makes men attempt great things. If there is one thing on which we have prided ourself it is that the Melbourne Cup has been the greatest handicap race of the world in point of added money. A cool ten thousand pounds! And now it turns out that even the V.R.O. is not so thriving as it deserves to be, and shrewd men are beginning to talk of the stern necessicy for reducing the added Cup money after next November. Singu larly enough, the great spring meet ing always pays handsomely, while the other meetings of the year, all conjoined, result in a loss. Let it be hoped the ways and means may yet be found to rescue Victoria, and all Australia, indeed, from the ignominy of lowering the value of its one great race. It is not the part of wisdom, even though one may be young and foolish, to visit married ladies at coffee palaces "when the housemaids have done their work." This at least Mr. Lorcke, of Melbourne, has ascer tained. A very charmingyounglady, not indeed in the first blush of giddy youth, sought for his financial aid, and invited him to meet her at the Victoria Coffee Palace at a time when the inquisitive housemaid would have desisted from her broom and duster practice and descended to the nether most regions to discuss fashions. Mr. Loreke followed these instructions to the letter, with the result that, a few hours after, he found himself charged with the theft of the lady's ring, and eventually had to spend an unplea sant afternoon in the City Court, when the whole story was unfolded for the benefit of the public. The defence was that he had lent the lady money, and had taken the ring as security. The charge was put for ward with so many prevarications that it was dismissed, and the story of the lady's life was also laid bare. She called herself Anderson, after her first husband, now gone to his rest, but she had been married again to a Syndey contractor named Arkey, at Miller's Point. This marriage did not ,prove a happy one, and ithe lady proceeded to live as she best could. Whether the magistrate was correct in calling her a "disreputable hussey " is not for me to say. But young men should be cautious when they call upon unfinan cial beauties at coffee palaces. The Footscray Bench have cast a bombehell into the ranks of the police. Fortified with the broad principles of common law, and the general defini tion of an Englishman's home being his castle, they have laid it down that no policeman has a right to enter a private house without being armed with a search warrant. In the case in question it was a leg of mutton which was at stake. The constable believed it to be in a certain house, and went there. Whether he found the meat or only the bone was lost sight of in the legal jargon raised by the point as to whether he were a trespasser. But the common.sense argument put forth on behalf of the police appeals to the layman, if not to the lawyer, "Honest people are never troubled by us," say they, "but if you make us halt upon the threshhold of discovery, and go to the delay and forms contin. gent upon securing search warrants, good-bye to our chances, nine cases out of ten, of finding the stolen goods or the delinquents." In France the police have large powers, but thou the Frenchman's suite of apartments are not his castle. Latterly, the Mel bourne police have been doing splen did work, and in the face of enormous difliculties have uprooted two or three nests of vagrants, of which, indeed, the " hub " of Australia possesses a large assortment. When it comes to having female garrottors, in addition to qll other classes of syrous, it must be admitted that the " crimology " of Victoria, if I may coin the word, pretty bad. SEoveryone has heard of the story of the pensive maiden and her Margue rite, and how she plucks off leaf by leaf to the alternate murmur of " He will return," and "He will not return." Such is the attitude of Victoria to-day with reference to its Agent-General. Will Mr. James Munro return to clear himself of rumours which are flying about, and which are not beneficial. The action brought against him for the recovery of some £30,000 by the liquidators of the Real Estate Bank, has created the stir. Prankly speaking, Mr. Munro seems rather the victim of circum stances. What has really hurt some people in Victoria is that he should have gone lightly off to hobnob with the great folks of England at a time when ruin was looking in at the window of a certain financial institution which had been under his protecting wing. The Minis try will not recall him, because they are afraid, but the betting that he will return may safely be quoted at ten to one. The price of Newcastle coal landed on the wharf is reduced to 16s per con. This is the effect of a circular just issued, which proves that the coal importers are looking to the future, and apprehending opposition from the Gippsland fields. The Government have refrained from putting on an import tax, but pressure very strongis being brought by the protection to na tive industries' party, ahd it may yet come about. Meantime, the passage of the Coal Railway Bill has given great impetus to the little Gippsland collieries, and land at Korrunburra (near which towndthe best veins found so far are known to exist) has been sold at from £76 to £110. Never were the theatres so fright fully dullia Marvellous Melbourne as just now. Not that the performances are mediocre, but that the public is saving its shillings-one of the best proof of hard times you could ask for. It is only the Gaiety girls who draw immense houses, and they are leaving us soon. Mr. and Mrs. Brough, at the Bijou, in " The Times;" Mr. George Rignold and Miss Watt-Phillips, at the Princess, playing "In the Ranks," are present ing splendid pieces, but still the audiences do not flock. " The Ghost" walks, but dejectedly, at the Alexan der Theatre, and the other shows are not doing too well; yet managers and lessees have splendid faith in the future, and it is to be hoped the sun will shine out upon them. 