A STUMBLE ON THE THRESHOLD. BY JAMES PAYN. Author of "By Proxy," "The Confiden tial Agent," etc. CHAPTER XXIII. -(Continued). " Bub, by Jingo, it seems it isn't a joke," Raid Blythe, looking at him intently, " Why you'ro blushing like a girl, my dear follow. I do assure you I had no more notion of l.hnrA hninf anvthiriff flftrimia — I don't h«iv between you and her, for I know thero isn t — but in your own mind with regard to Ella, than of my being elected a Fellow of St. Boniface." "But there is certainly nothing serious, nor anything at all," protested Nccdham, vehemently, "Indeed, how could thero be, when, as wo both know, she is engaged to Grey?" "That sentiment does you honor," ob served Blythe, sarcastically, "but is, per haps, a trifle too complimentary to human nature. Love laughs at engagements as at locksmiths. They arc like subscriptions to creeds; when we make them we are bound by them, but we cannot prevent our views from changing. You would not have a man remain a parson who has outgrown his belief in the Church ; then why insist upon a girl's keeping an engagement of which, in her heart of hearts, she repents." " I am quite certain Ella Martin docs not repent of her engagement," observed Need ham cravnlv. " I am certain of only a very few things, and I am not sure that that is one of them," answered Blythe, drily ; " but, whether she does or she doesn't, X stick to my text. No girl can predict what her feelings may be six months ahead. She may think No. 1 the very man who has been created especi ally to be her husband ; but then she has not seen No, 2, about whose creation for that purpose she may bo still more con vinced." " But, it seems to mo, these views of yours are equally applicable to married women." "No, certainly not equally, though they may he still applicable. When a woman is married, she generally gives up all idea of No. 2, and, even if he jwesents himself to her notice, fails, or pretends to fail, to recognise his special litucss for her. When you have once started by tho parliamentary train, you may wish you had eoino by the express, but you stay where you arc, and you make the best of it. While you are still on the platform, and the same idea strikes you, you can change." ".Still, sonic people have a sense of honor," remarked Needham. "No doubt," though it's often a mistaken sense. I am not thinking of any particular case, remember, which always prevents the proper consideration ofgeneralprinoiplesjbut surely a woman who declined to break her word to No. 1, even though she preferred No, 2, would nob only he sacrificing herself but No. 1 also; it would be like the oath of Herod, moro honored in the breach than in the observance." "My belief is that a proper-minded girl, who is engaged, would no more permit her thoughts to dwell upon No. 2, as you call him, than if she were a married woman." " That would be so in the case of what is called Move at first sight,' no doubt. .She would not, as I have said, if she were mar ried, recognise No. 2 as a possible lover at all ; nor, even if only engaged, would she so recognise him at first ; bul-JJas time wont on, and opportunity was given, No. 1 would gradually smk in her estimation and No. 2 would rise." "Then, according to your theory," said Needham scornfully, "there would be a point when their specific gravities would be equal, and the young lady would be in love , Willi two gentlemen at once." "Well, of course. Why shouldn't, she ? We men are often in love with two women at once, and for that matter with half a I dozen." For a moment Nccdham looked up at hia s. friend with indignation depicted on his countenance, and an expression which I seemed to say, " Pray speak for yourself, sir," but tho humorous smile on tho other's | face disarmed him, and he burst into a roar of laughter. !i "I acknowledge," he exclaimed, " that i you took me m. I ought to have rcmem- j bored that it has been saul of you that you : knew the laws of gravity but did not oWy them. It is foolish indeed of anyone to take I you seriously about anvthuiv.' j " i am afraid J am rather frivolous. \ answered Blythe. "Grey used to say that '| I was not tit for genteel society unless j mitigated, and that i should only be ad- nutted to it when accompanied by a couple jl oi clergymen. ' It was clear toNcedham that the other had been in joke all along, and he was glad in deed to be convinced of it. Una nhrusc " Grey used to say, however, troubled him ; ; jt seemed to suggest that all sayings of Grey as regarded Biytho were over; that t hey were never again to be the friends they had been. " We have just tunc to stroll down to the river betoro dinner, old leilow, continued his host. l>ut have wc time : renlmd Needham. with some anxiety. 4 Jt is all very well for you, who have only to jump into your clothes, but I have my portmanleau to un pack." "My man will have done all that for you. Needham thought to himself he must be a clever man if ho liad, since the portmanteau was locked, ami it had never struck him to give up tlio key ; but the idea of his havimr been guilty oi' some solecism in social life kept Needlnuusilent on this point. For my part, who had arrived at a time of life when one is no more alarmed at a solecism than at a ghost, few things an; more disagreeable when visiting a strange house than the running the dinner hour too fine. Even if you have not left all your shirt collars at home, there is sure to be something amiss, and the gone sounds while you are still m your shirt sleeves. With a hostess such as Mrs. Blythe, likely to he as particular about a guest's punctuality as. about his having polished leather shoes, this cat astrophe was especially lo he dreaded ; yet Nemlhain risked it. rather than confess " I have got the key of my portmanteau in my pocket." .Such weak ness lmvo even noble minds. CHAPTER XXIV.-Mr.s. Blythe. As there is one glory of the sun and an other of the moon, so are there dill'orent enchantments of sea and river scenery. Needhatn bad seen but little ot the natural beauties of lus native land. 3' or the district where he had passed his boyhood and his youth had ( possessed none— it had been a manufacturing town with nmoke-dimmcd inl and cinder roads— and " the level waste, the rounded grey " of Cambridge had been only picturesque by comparison. Jle had, it is true, behold the marine loveliness of Bourne mouth, but tho " river s wooded rea.di" he had not seen, uud the snrht of it as it pre- sentcd itself at Slrulton was a revelation to him. It is a good many years since America was discovered, hut only a few since Ameri cans discovered our ihumos, save where it washes dirty London; now they know— the best of them— that from Oxford to Windsor by water is a trip to l'aradisu, and far butter than going to Puna when ihuy die. Of course, it must he m summer, before autumn has laid its " liery linger " on the leaves, or at least before the "silent highway" loses itself in mist, in June and .inly that name is a misnomer indeed, though all its sounds are musical and its movements free from hurry and disquiet, Thu easy dip of the oar, The cureless swell of the sail CousLing along tin: hollowed shore Amid the lilies pule : the splash of the tuwrope, the leap of the fish, und the laugnter of girls— these are, then, its voice. Even the <leep-toncd cry of " l.oeic ! look !" gives no more impression of disturbance than that noiseless parting of t he gigantic gales of which it is the herald. The gaily-painted boats Hit by. almost as .swill and soundless a.-; the draeon (lies; no .sound ol discontent- -unless where " over it,: own sweet voice liiu stock dove broods" can i be called' such— is ever to bo heard ; the patient angler, his punt moored fast in mid- fttroam, rocks little of his want of success, for in ho fine a scene fishing, like virtue, is its own reward. Pygmalion-like, the land- Hcape painter here fulls in love with his own handiwork, and ceasea to dream of rivals or to dread tho hanging committee of the Academy; the river at Stretton seemed the very home of peace and harmony. 44 A pretty scone, is it not ?" said Elvtho, noting his friend's enchanted looks and light ing his third cigar. "No," answered the other, confidently: "pretty is as misplaced a term for it as to call — well, some daughter of the gods, 'divinely tall und most divinely fair/ pretty. It is beautiful beyond expression. How line Lhe old church looks through tlio trees yonder ! Is that j'our church ?" 44 Oh, yes, they are all my churches here abouts: onlvj in order to prevent jealousy, I carefully avoid going to any one of them. 44 It seems to me that one could live among such eights and aouiuls as these for ever, murmured Needham, in a tone of admiration —nay, of reverence— thn tcon trusted strangely with the other's frivolous sarcasm. 44 No doubt. You remember what I told you of one's first day in the country ; thai, is still more true of one's first day by thn river. By this day week, if you manage' to stay as long with us, you will be bored to death with it all; I am. Do you know what tho river is used for in the neighborhood in the winter lime?" " Well, I suppose navigation still goes on." 44 Not a bit of it. It is used for suicides, not for determined ones, of course— Ihcy don't require to bo tempted— but by tho inlmbi- iiwita Kuuuiiiuy. .l uuru >vu.s u juuious one uv the lock yonder, though I am bound to aay the river was not entirely the cause of it. It was the lock- keepers daughter." "How shocking ! Did it happen lately?" 44 Nob exactly lately — about thirty years ago ; but tho young lady still haunts the apot. Her father she thought cruel, und her lover she thought kind ; whereas the exact reverse was the case. It was a case of Miss Bailey in lhe ballad. One night there was a doleful cry of " Lock, lock," and the old man got up and opened the gates, only to see by tho moonlight his dead daughter floating down the stream, with her golden hair streaming out behind her. .She had come 4 home' in that way at last." 44 What a sad story !" 44 Yes; and the same tale is told of every lock on the river, which bears out my statis tics — and now it wants just five-and-twenty minutes to dinner time. 4 Good heavens 1" exclaimed Nccdham. 44 It is quite impossible I can bo in time." "Of course it is, if you pub on evening clothes; but wc won't do it. I am only too glad to be saved the trouble. 44 But Mrs. Blythe is so particular, she will be annoyed " "With me, not with you; I'll make that all right, You forgot the time in your ad miration of the scenery — her oceuery — and 1 had not the heart to remind you. That com pliment to Stretton will make up for every thing. If you think she would like to sec your evening clothes, you can briug them clown in your hand." It was, however, with many misgivings that Nccdham perforce presented himself at tho dinner table in morning costume. Tlio splen dour of the feast was itself a reproof to him, not to mention the disapproving glances of his hostess. Though she had observed, like one who repeats by rote ab the dictation of another, ,41 know that it was not your fault that yon stayed out so late, Mr. Nccdham it was to him that they seemed to impute the cause. 44 When my son is alone," they seemed to say, 44 lie always dresses for dinner; as every gentleman should do. It is the example ot one of Lhe lower orders that has led him astray." There was no rebuke in the glances she cast at t he real offender. "My Walter would look aristocratic m a smock frock," was « obviously what she was saying to herself; .. ... w.w juin, auaaua ma natural advantages." Umler oilier chciimstancca it ivoulil luivo Dren pleasant to note (lie pride .sho tool; in Dim. Slic was proud of everytliiuij tiiat was Dors; oi' lier house and servants, of her luce anil diamonds ; of her posit ion in society, and of Dor ipeat possessions; but her son was tlio very apple of her eye. His very faults wore dear to Dor because they wore u part of himself, , I ust as I ho wile of a man of nonius will excuse his shortcomings, so she made allowance for whatever in him was amiss. It was only to be expected that so admirable a character, so inlelli.<;ent and cnchantiny, und so well dowered by fortune in all par ticulars, should have his liLtie neatnesses thoy were, after all, only the complement of bis virtues. Perhaps — who knows? — in the solitude of her own chamber, and at her prayers, Airs. IJlythe was conscious of her own delieienem:-, : tiad some ob scure conviction that her views of life wore slightly artificial, and her sense of duty not of the highest standard. We know ourselves- -even the most thoughtless ot us— better than the philosopher of old supposed. Hut so far as her boy was concerned maternal love bad absolutely blinded her. If com pelled to say what sho considered was most wantim; in linn, she would probably have I fMlllKfl .'I <lf inn mt'll iiiiiwmW-iiw.h Ho was too caruloi-s of his own prospocLs and posi:iou ; too apt to be hail fellow well met with inferior persons; too devoid of dignity. That he was popular with everybody was a matter of course ; how could it be otherwise with one of his admirable and attractive nature? But it. was a pity (though of course there was nothing wrong in it) that he called llm gardener "Bob,' and chucked the housemaids under the chin. More over, it was deplorable that lie was averse to society in which he was so formed lo shine. Hie could not conceal from herself that even tho best selected dinner parties had little attraction for him ; and what was worse, the best selected young ladies. Thai very afternoon Lady Druse had called, with her daughter, and expressed her great regret at not seeing 44 her charming son." Ib; had not, indeed, lied from their presence knowingly, hut if he had known of it, he would probably have lied from it ail the more. Yet Edith Druse was a most eligible girl, beautiful, accomplished, would one day have at least h ,e thousand a year, and in tho meantime hud a fine appreciation ol her own position. Mrs. Blythe could not understand what Walter meant by saving that Miss Druse ought to wear a martingale, but it was a curious observation to apply to a digniiicd and irreproachable young woman. (To be continued.) 