Chapter II. The summer after Mordecai—as Lcrie called Caspar—pitched his tent at oar gate was very hot and dry. The waterholes," ail hut one, soon shrank into mere patches of water with wide margins of mud, and even the hie swamps began to shrivel in the Bame way. Everyone was kept busy riding round twice a day to take out any sheep that might have got bogged goiug in for -a drink; and the scoops were going night and day almost, clearing out and deepeningthedams. Bush flies raged all over the oountry; but we escaped pretty well till the beginning of March. .. By that time everything wob bb dry as tinder,and it was hard to know which gave oat the roost heat—the Bun, or the yellow wr,. or the baited earth. when things were like tills - a fire -broke out on the other aide of Caspar's selection, and swept through the lower end of it out southwards. Themenwho wereout at lite waterholes with the aooops come raoing back when they saw the amoke rise so near the homestead; but it was too late to be of much «se. All one side of Caspar's fencing we* gone, and the fire was travelling across the ™n. along the edge of the Mount Gambier track, as fast as a horse could gallop. As it was late in the afternoon, the only thing to be done was to keep it in bounds as much as possible, and let it go till dark. Fire seldom travels after nightfall. it did not do us much harm, but poor Mrs. Caspar had to shepherd their sneep for weeks until Caspar fenced in a sort of way*with brushwood. The ground was too hard, then, to think of post and rails. "I should think," said Uncle Hector cheer fully. the day after the fire, " that that vagabond would be willing enough to sell now." And he went down to Caspar and made his offer over again—£4 all round for the land. Caspar looked at him long and steadily before answering, and set his lips tight. " I will not sell the land," he said very] slowly, " for less than £10 an acre." Uncle Hector stared at him over his glasses as if he thought he had gone mad, and with a short, angry laugh turned away and left him. ' After this for a while we none of us mentioned the word "Caspar" before him, though Lexie, who was full of pity for Mrs. Caspar and her delicate child, used to carry down fruit and milk and little things of that sort to do the poor little chap good. It took Caspar a long time putting up his fences again, and Mrs. Caspar bad to shep herd, lest their sheep should get boxed with ours. I was sorry for her when I came across her on the tun in the blazing heat with her helpless idiot of a child; and sometimes I used to sneak out with a biscuit or a cake for the little fellow. But I wouldn't have carried a single crumb one yard for that fellow Casparr Mrs. Caspar was very grateful, but very queer. " Ach.i Master Tom," she would burst out now ana then, "you are good,yes 1 And Miss Macmillan, she is angel-good 1 But your uncle—ach. he is terrible, terrible." " Oh bosli!" I said one day, thinking she was afraid of his fiery temper, as most people are. " Nonsense, Mrs. Caspar; you aon t know anything about it. He is a splendid old fellow, barring his pepper." " Acli-h er-r-r limmml" She bit her lips as if she were trying to keep back some thing with all her might, that wanted to bubble up in spite of ner; and sighed, and shook her head and said German things to herself in a wild sort of way. She certainly was very queer. I couldn't under stand her, so 1 went away and left her. I will skip over the perfectly Bplendid times I hod between that summer and the next, because I only want to tell the story of Caspai. As the second summer came on, Mrs. Caspar got queerer and queerer every day; and one morning in October, when I went down with something for the child from Lexie, and mentioned that Lexie had gone down to Melbourne for the Cup, I thought 6he was off her head altogether. " Will she be long away ?" she asked, with her eyes almost starting out of her head with what looked like fear, though what she had to be afraid of, that Lexie could help her in, I couldn't even guess. "Can't say—three or four months, I ex pect." She threw her apron over her head, and moaned and muttered like a mad woman in pain. " What on earth is the matter ?" I asked, a little crossly, for she frightened me with her queer games. "Fire and ruin is the matter," she said wildly from under her apron. "Where?" I cried, jumping up, thinking she saw smoke somewhere, and forgetting that ber head was covered up. Just then Caspar came in. He stood in ( the doorway, and said something softly to lier in German; and presently she seemed to recover herself, and came out from under her apron, and even laughed faintly. The same room could not hold me and that fellow | Caspar, so I got up and came away. All our crops were got in before Christmas. Caspar had a very fair paddock of wheat standing waiting for the stripper, which was at work among some of the other "cockies." It was just like his luck that he had decided to strip, and hod to wait till last; for between Christmas and New Year's Day a fire sprung up close to the homestead, no one knew how, for it was not very hot, and simply licked up his crop like water, before it could be got under. Unele Hector was out on the run somewhere; and when he came back, he j looked at the blackened paddock with a heavy frown. He went down to Caspar in a day or two for the third time, and again offered to buy liini out. This time he was willing to give £5 an acre, and was quite sure Caspar would jump at it I went with him to see the fun. Mrs. Caspar was in the room when we went in, and she behaved very strangely. She turned as white as a ghost, looked at Uncle llector with a sort of loathing and dread, and put up her hands as if to keep off something evil. . " Bless .my soul!" said Uncle Hector, quite taken aback by this reception. " Why, the tire has surely turned her head !" " No," said Caspar in his deliberate way; " it has only opened her eyes. " And he said something to her in Germun which made her leave the room. I expected to hear Uncle Hector ask Caspar what he meant by his queer speech ; but uncle did not seem to notice it, lie was so busy star ing at Mrs. Caspar. He offered his £5 an acre: but to his sur prise and anger Caspar refused. His eyes gleamed like a lizard's ; and he said with a sort of slow violence— " You can do your worst—I will not sell for less than £10 an acre." "Do my worst! What the devil does the i man mean f said Uncle Hector, glaring at luiu. " I ain doing my best—better for you than for myself, if you could only see it— confounded dunderhead! However, you have had my last offer. A worse thing may happen to you than lieing bought out." Lexie was dreadfully vexed when she heard that the Caspars had been burnt out again. She brought all Borts of good things from town for the little lioy, who, however, began to fade away in the waiter, and grew weaker and weaker till when summer time came round again he just lay on a pillow on his mother's lap, unable to move. Lexie, too, had not been very well. And Uncle Hector, in spite of her entreaties to be allowed to stay quietly at home, packed her off to Mel bourne to enjoy herself for a few months. It was a little surprise to us all when, after she had been gone about six weeks, I brought home a letter from lier just before Christmas that made Uncle Hector smile in spite of himself. Ife read it out to mother at dessert. . . , , " Dearest Father,—It is no use. Iom sick of gaiety, Melbourne, the smell of gas, and the twang of fiddles, and I just long for the sight of your dear old brown face and the .scent of my native bush. Sound the trumpets, bent the drums ! home tlic prodigal daughter ooines J Which simply means that I am coming home for Christmas, and bring ing with we two gentlemen just out from home, who have letters of introduction to von. One is Mr. West-Pole, on Enuhshmaa: the other, Mr.( Burke, on Irishman. The latter will delight Tom—he is so 'new chummy.' Please write to them, endorsing my invitation, and enclose the notes to me. They long to liave a hush Christmas. Send the drag to meet us on Tuesday, dearest daddy.—Your loving daughter, " Lexie." This was jolly 1 I was as pleased as any thing ! It was a long time since we had had a new chum at Biarabil. Sometimes fellows come out with letters to Uncle Hector, who has lots of friends at home, and then one can get a little fun on the quiet. As I rode out of the gate next day on my way to the mail with the notes Lexie had asked for, Mrs. Caspar called out to me. " Master Tom, have you heard from Miss Macmillan?". " Why, yes," I answered, wondering what business it was of hers. " Is—is Bbe quite well ?" " Yes, thanks," I said, moving on. '' Stop! Is she going to be n way long ?" " No ; Bhe is coming hack for Christmas. Why, bother it all, ivhal on earth is the matter?" for Mrs. Caspar was holding up her hands to heaven and clasping them, and crying out in Germiin, while the tears rolled down her face, and going on with all sorts of inoom §rehensihle games, as if she were mad with eligbt. I thought she had had a sunstroke, and was silly. "Go in, Mrs. Caspar, out of the sun," I said, and I cut away as fast as ever I could. When Lesie came back, she looked paler and more fagged than I had ever seen her, and she had a tiny little line between her eyebrows as if she had been knitting her brows over something that worried her. Uncle noticed it too. " Why, Lexie, what is the matter!" he said, tonching her forehead gently. "Have you outrun the constable and are you ashamed to own up?" That was a standing joke between them ; for Lexie is an heiress 011 her account. Her godfather had left her £18,000, which is a very nice little sum for a girl to have all to herself to do just as she likes with. " Yes, dear," she said, standing on tiptoe and kissing him two or three times; "that is just it" But I saw her blush scarlet, and won dered it Bhe really was bothered about money. The two new chums had come with her. Mr. West-Pole was a tall, clean-shaven, good looking Johnnie, with quiet eyes and a slow way of speaking ; and as soon as 1 saw him I felt there was not much fun to be got out of him. The other, Mr. Burke, was splendid— dressed to death, with a mop of curly dark hair that he would have died sooner than have cut, merry blue eyes, very white teeth that he was always showing, and just a line of dark moustache. He wasn't more than one or two and twenty, and was as good as a play. He thought Australia a very wild country, and was half astonished that we dressed at all, I think. He was afraid of insects, and shrieked like a girl when I put a big praying mantis on the table before him. But he was very jolly and good-tempered, always ready to laugh at himself as well as anybody else. I had a splendid lark with him over a wild dog chase; und over the hunting of the bunyip—but there, I must skip all that till another time, and stick to the story of that fellow Caspar. 