SPORTING. Kspunda Coursing Meeting. Kanunda. June 28. The Kapunda coursing meeting attracted a large crowd of spectators to-day, including many ladies, and the Hon. Jenkin Coles and Mr. J. W. White, the members for the dis trict. The morning opened very bleak, but tho weather was more pleasant in the afternoon. Hares were very scarce in the best paddocks, and there were poor results before lunch, but there were a good number of oourses in the timbered country during the afternoon. The day's results were good, 21 courses being run oft'. Mr. Hope made an excellent judge, riding well to his dogs and giving thorough satisfac tion. Mr. Dutton, the owner of Anlaby Estate, kindly provided luncheon, and was present for a short period, but was well represented by his manager, Mr. Miller. Some very good trials took place, and the favorites, Ruby and Juno still remain in. Results:— AXtABY STAKE. First Round. Smith's Cyclorama beat Pearce's Pearleaf. Shea's King Bounce beatFaschen & Dyer's Triplet. Quinlivan's Nora Darling beat Oliver's Oliver Crom well . Fawcett's Justice beat McMicbael's Wildfire. White's Gelert heat Shakeshalt's O.K. Shannon's Splendora beat Frost's Freedom. Dunstan's Bell II. beat Coombe's Competency. * Messenger's Sam Welier a bye, O'Dea's Mermaid drawn, lame. Burgess's Juno beat Willcox & King's Sluggard. Wright's Tom Harrington beat Conlthard's Demon. Roberts's Max beat Penny's Fanoy Queen. ' Davoren's Forest King beat lMcWhirter'a Colleen T.MF. McBean'a Ruby beatFaby's Chemist. Johnston's Jean beat Bubble's Herd Laddie. Heinrich's Comet beat Dawson's Disraeli. Fawcett's Miss Harrington beat Giert Dauntless. Bosisto's Strathmore beat Pepperill's Redskin. Haider's Barley Bree be it Hannan's Exile. Orcbaid'e Orizaba beat Knowling's "Venture. Johnstone's Bluey and Sefcerd's Unlucky Guss ran undecided. Kelly's Morlfy's Ghost beat Winn's Flying Cloud. Bansbury's Euchre beat Buttfield's Jezeuel. Wednesday's work commences with Bluey and Un lucky Guss, and the final courses witl probably be run on Thursday. 