B2EYITIES. Old James Driscoll, the septuagenarian drunkard, bowed again before the Water Police Court this morning on the od charge of drunken ness, and for which he has been convicted some hundreds of times. ' He's well known,' said the ; a1 res tiner officer. *? Fm w«ll aware of that,' re- : plied Mr. Lee, as he fined Driscoll .£1, or a week. ' It may be very amusing but it is very degra ding to the administration of justice,' Baid Mr. Lee to a drunkard named Alexander Spencer who answered a charge of drunkenness at the Water Police Court in a d uuken condition. Mr. Lee ordered the man to be locked up until he had recovered from the second spree. 4\. respectably dressed person named Frederick Alexander Comyns, alias Carson, Carter, and Cummings, was at the Water Police Court to-day reminded until Thursday on a charge of having by means of a wilful false representation obtained a suit of clothes value .£6 from P. J. English. A youth named William Mills was washed off his horse in the river at Marrarundi about 7 o'clock on Saturday evening, and was' drowned. The body has . not yet been recovered, and it is feared that it has been washed down the stream. The Tamworth Freetrade Association held a large and enthusiastic meeting on Friday night. It was decided to run two candidates at the next election. Several names were submitted as likely candidates, but no selection was made. Dr. Hallow's daughter, who was accidentally shot at Launceston (Tas.) on Friday by her brother with a revolver, died on Saturday. D. M. Eoss, ex Mayor of Timaru (N.Z.),amem ber of the firm of Eoss and Sims, landbrokers and financial agents, has been sentenced to nine months' imprisonment at Auckland-bn charges under the penal clause of the Bankruptcy Act. At the Wellington (N.Z.) Supreme Court the Chief Justice strongly condemned the act en abling accused persons to give evidence, stating that to allow accused persons to give evidence destroyed the weight and sanctity of the oath. Captain Gibbs, of Grafton, convened a meeting at Maclean on Friday night for the purpose of forming a boys' club similar to the one he has formed in Grafton. The chair was occupied by Mr. D. See, and a number of leading townsmen were present, besides about 40 boys. A motion was carried to the effect that a club bo formed. Shearing at Tooiale has bepn brought to a standstill owing to the difficulty in getting sheep to and f iom the shed, by reason of their inability to stand the knocking about incidental to shearing. The Victorian Executive will meet on Thurs day next to conside.- the case of Mra. O'Brien, who was convicted of the murder of a farmer named Cornwall at Beuiah and sentenced to death. In Melbourne on Saturday an influential meet ing of merchants, traders, and others was held to consider the proposed imposts to be levied by the Government upon all trading companies regis tered under the Joint Sto-*k Companies Act. It was resolved that a meeting of representatives of the various limited liability companies be con vened for to-day to consider the proposal of the Government to impose licence fees on limited liability companies, and also stamp duties. A public meeting o? ratepayers, to consider the question of sewerage, wan held in the Lismore Council Chambers on Friday evening. Mr. G. Lsrkin moved that the time had not arrived when such a scheme should be introduced. A long' discussion followed, and the meeting was ad journed for a month. Several officers of the Traffic Department have visited Corowa with the object of arranging for the running of trains on the Culcairn- Cdrowa railway, which is about to be opened. The new Ministry in Tasmania, is exoeriencing some difficulty regarding retrenchment, for not withstanding a conference it has had with the heads of the department since taking office nothing has yet been dono, although the Ministers still aver that they can make drastic retrench ments. A Perth (W.A.) wire states that Captain Hughes, of the ill-fated barque Laira, from New Zealand, was killed on Sunday through a load of timber falling on him. . At the West Maitland Police Court on Friday 'FT. Crothers was charged 'that he did on Jnne 10 expose for sale 49 diseased bullocks in the district of Muswellbrook.' Evidence was given to prove that defendant offered the cattle for sale, and that they were diseased. The bench fined the defendant £4s, with costs. E. E. White was fined 20s and costs for a similar offence. There has been a heavy decline in the Tas manian revenue for the eight months just ended, compared with the same period last year, the decrease being nearly .£50,000, or .£90,000 short of Mr. Bird's estimate. It is expected now that the total declension of the revenue for 1892 will be .£134,470 under the ex-Treasurer's estimate. The Wollongong Borough Council on Friday evening decided not tc co-operate with the National Association with regard to the Local Government Bill. A motion by Alderman Wise man that the matter of local self-government be introduced at the next meeting of the municipal association was carried. The Victorian Fisheries' Commission held a meeting at Port Stephens on Saturday morning. Evidence respecting the kind and quantity of fish caught and the sale thereof, &c;, in this colony was given by two local fishermen. In formation was al60 given regarding the laws re lating to the fisheries and their administration. A married woman named Mary Kelly, 56, re siding at 417 Darling-street, off George-street west, was knocked down and run ever by a milk cart driven by Warner Ba ton, near her residence, on Sunday morning. She was taken to the Sydney Hospital by Constable Harris, and ad mitted, with a fracture of the right thigh. Mr. Cook, one of the members for Lithgow, made a capital though brief speech on the address in reply in the Assembly on Thursday night. He grave the Government to understand' that genuine legislation was expected from the Government without delay. In the course, of his speech in the Assembly on Thursday night, Mr. Haynes said that practically neither the Broken Hill strikers nor the workers generally of New South Wales had a voice to represent them in Parliament — if the mockery of reform, promised in the Governor's speech, was endorsed by hon. members. Mr. Edden, Mr. Cook, and other members said Mr. Haynes's radical speech was the best speech of the debate, his various points being absolutely unanswerable. Mr. Armes Beaumont, the well-known vocalist, was presented, with a purse of 100 sovereigns on Saturday at Adelaide, as the result of a concert given for his benefit. Mr. Fysh, the ex-Premier of Tasmania, on Saturday sent £75 to the Mauritius Relief Fund, making a total of .£148 from Tasmania. For the week ended Saturday the MountKombla, South Buili, Woonona, Old Bulli, and Helens burgh Collieries worked close on full-time; while the South Clifton, Corrimal, Mount Pleasant, and Mount Keira averaged close on half-time. The Bulli Pass Coal and Coke Company, which lately supplied a large quantity of natural coke to the Government, is doing nothing in that direction now, and the mine haB been almost entirely idle for some weeks. The South Clifton Colliery is only working about half-time at present, but pro vision is being made to increase the output from 600 tons per day to 1200 per day. Mr. Haynes satirically wanted to know from the Government, on Thursday night, whether they had seen the ghost in the offices of the Trades Disputes and. Arbitration Department. As this piece of worthless legislation was loudly boasted about at the close of last session, the in quiry was bitterly satirical. It is over 1000 miles from Cape Town to Johan nesburg (observes the Pall Mall Gazette), yet the emigrant from England to Cape Town is often asked to ' remember me to so-and- so at Johannes burg.' The P. M. G. might hare added that the emigrant from England to West Australia is often charged -with remembrances for persons living In Adelaide, Melbourne, Sydney, or Brisbane. Tattersall's are the only genuinely successful con sultations' in the colony.— -0. Metropolitan, Bandwick, Sept. 13—25,000 at 10. Final, Eandwick, Sept. 17 — 5000 at 10. Now open and filling rapidly. Address, ' Xattersau,' c.o. G, Adams, Pitt-st. — 0. It waa raining at 9 o'clock this morning at Broken Hill, Coonabarabran, Coonamble, Narra- ? bri, Silverton, Walgett, Wee Waa, Warren, and ? Wentworth. The eea along the coast was smooth. ? ? - The following officers have been elected in the newly-formed Garfield Tennis Club at Five Dock: President, Mr.W. S. Friend; vice-presidents, Mr. Eussell Barton and Mr. B. C. Eodd; treasurer, Alderman Donald M'Fadyen ; secretary, Mr. A. W. Eelph ; committee, Messrs. D. M'Fadyen, A. W. Eelph, E. L. Sntcon, Fraser, Harrison, Hanley, and Mell. As a result of what appears to have been the careless driving of a cabman about 6 o'clock yes terday, a horse attached to a bug /y became unmanageable and ran into the window of Priddy and Company's shop, breaking the glass and doing other damage to a total value of about £20. A lady and gentleman who were in the buggy were not injured, but the horse was Bomewhat severely cut. During the confusion 'consequent upon the accident the lady had her purse stolen, with about .£10 and some cheques in it. An old woman named Mary Pritchard was found dead in her bed at Merewether on Friday, death being due to heart disease. On Saturday afternoon deceased's husband, Eobett Pritchard, also died suddenly of the same complaint, and they were both interred in the same j;rave on Sunday. They had been married many years. A public meeting was held in the Australian Hall, Wilberforee, on Saturday ni.'ht for the purpose of petitioning the Government to open a road from Wilberforee to FreemanVEeach. Mr.- G. Nicholls presided and the member for the district was present. Mr. E. H. Buttsworth moved and Mr. G. Dunstan seconded, ' That a petition be forwarded to the Government asking that a road be opened from Wiiberforce to Freeman's Eeacb.' The motion was carried unanimously. Mr. Burdekin's atten tion was directed to the bad state of Wiiberforce Wharf, and he promised to personally inspect and attend to the matter. Miss Bessie Doyle had an enthusiastic recep tion at the promenade concert in the Melbourne Exhibition Building on Saturday night. For her splendid performance of Wieniawski's Polonaise No. 2 she was thrice recalled ; but the audience still insisting on an encore, she gave a mazurka by the same composer, and subsequently rendered an alle ro agitato by Hans Sift. Miss Doyle was thrice recalled, but declined an encore. The polling for the extraordinary election of a representative for th* Eaet Ward of Marrickville, which took place on Saturday, resulted in Mr. Hu.:h Duff bein:f elected. The numbers were: Mr. Duff, 107; H. ^atts, 101; G. Gunperts, 43; W. S. Farr, 13; informal, 4; majority for Duff, 6. It has been decided at a public meeting of temperance workers, held at Ashfield, to invite the Rev. Dr. Lucas, of Canada, to conduce a weekly mission in the district. The following committee has been appointed to carry out the arrangements Eevs. John Mangham (Anglican), W. L. Cioss, M.A. (Congregational), J. Gardiner (Wesleyan), Mr. Deck, Mesdames Danieils and J. Freshwater, with Mr. Thomas Glassop, as secre tary. The only vestige of hope which the 5000 strikers at Broken Hill have now left them is that a com pulsory clause may be inserted in Trades Dis putes and Arbitration Act, and it is known that the Government would rather go out of office than insert it. Their refusal to adopt the prin ciple should drive every Labor member f/om them; and it will be interesting to watch the results of Mr. Cann's motion on the subject. Six members of the Tasmanian Permanent Ar tillery have agreed to the offer of the Government to accept a bonus of .£25 and resign. The defence vote is to be largely diminished. The E.M.S. Parramatta was searched on Fri day at Port Melbourne, and 750 contraband cigars were found. The captain of the vessel informed the Customs Department that on arrival at Adelaide he had discovered and placed under seal 1450 cigars, 621b of tobacco, and 10 bottles of Florida water. The Customs Department ex oxerated him from all blame in view of his action. The Rev. Mother Superior of the Convent of Mercy at Newtown (Vic), was prosecuted at the Geelong Police Court on Saturday for having permitted the body of a nun to be buried in the convent ground. An Order in Council was passed about six years ago prohibiting further burials within convent grounds. A nominal fine of Is waB imposed. It is considered in political circles a certainty that the life of the Government hangs by the slenderest thread, 15 to 20 of their supporters being very discontented. Ferris (minus one r) signifies in Latin ' Thou strikeBt.' The name is certainly appropriate. The body of a butcher named Charles trmitage was found in the Tarra (Vic.) on Sunday. He is supposed to have committed suicide. A deputation representing the Bowral Shop Employees waited on the Stonemasons' Onion on Saturday to solicit their assistance in upholding the early-closing and half-holiday movement. The stonemasons requested to abstain from shop ping after 6 o'clock, and to withdraw their pat ronage from those shops i hat keep open after that hour. They agreed to comply with the request. Saturday's Customs receipts amounted to .£2207. The Kaitangata Coal Company, of Otago (N.Z.), has declared a dividend of 10 per cent., with a bonus of 15s per share. Arbor Day at the Orookwell Public School was celebrated on Friday with considerable success. About 200 children were present. A number of trees were planted by leading residents and members of the school board. The children were regaled in the school grounds, and in the evening a successful -concert was given in the Temperance Hall. A Gisdstonian daily urges the Prime Minister to show his gratitude to the medical profession for benefits received, by creating at least two medical peers. Sir William Tenner and Sir James Faget are the two names submitted for bis con sideration. ' I can't say I admire that quadruped,' observed Mr. Gladstone, after his recent encoun ter with the cow, but she certainly made a strong impression on me.' The management of the Atjstbat.tatt Woekmbn celebrated the anniversary of that paper by a vocal and instrumental concert at the Protestant Hall on Saturday evening. The house was a large and representative one, and the performance both interesting -and. good. The affair was a, genuine success, and reflected the greatest credit on those concerned in its preparation. Mi. Benjamin Backhouse presided, and was supported by Messrs. Sharp and G. D. Clark, M&L.A.; The Australian Marsaiilaire, which was one of the features of the performance, was splendidly ren dered by MJbs Maudie Bennett, with a full chorus, and many clever songs, etep dances, &c;, filled in a most enjoyable evening. Applause was loud and continuous, and encores was very numerous. Emmerson and Woods's Alabama Minstrels, which have been filline the Garrick Theatre dur ing the week, will to-night submit an entire change of programme, in which all the artists, will be seen in new features. The first part will be entirely changed, new sketches and absurdities will be introduced, and the new programme will be, it is confidently asserted, even funnier than the last. The clipper ship IHawarra, which arrived last evening from London and anchored in Watson's Bay for medical inspection, was passed by the doctor this morning and brought up in the stream'. She left Gravesend on May 27, and landed the pilot off the Lizard two days after wards. For a week after that they had nothing , but adverse winds, doing only 350 miles during I all that time. Crossed the equator in longitude 25deg on Jane 29. Sounded the Caps on June 24, and from there to the longitnde of St. Paul's occupied 21 days, having had nothing but a suc ceBsion of east end couth-east windB and remark ably fine weather most of the time; sighted Cape Otway on August 29. Passengers : — Cabin : Mr. Eowlands and Mr. Jones. There was . a very fine collection of prize poultry on board, including Plymonth Bocks, minorcas, mamboughs, wyan dottes, bantams, and Aylesbury ducks. Messrs. Gilchrist, Watt, and Company are the local ] agfentefortheXUawana. J 