corticc tys in Van Dleman's i Land- 1 No. 6. » « THE onosi OF DEADMAN's ISLE, It bas been eaid that British history is enshrined in Westminster Abbey and Saint Pauls. The great men, who sleep beneath their marble tablets in these venerable structures, are intellectual stepping stoneBi which lead' the student along the road of knowledse. A burial ground, under any circumstances : — whether in the twilight gloom of Gothic architecture, or under the tropical sun in il limitable deserts — most always poseess a history more or less important. What straDge and pathetically true stories . could be written of almost any cemetery, but there are some that stand out, Mont Blanc-likp, above the common-place God's Acres in the interest which attaohe.s to them. One of such isDeadman'B Isle — the cemetery of Port Arthur prison. The small isle is appropriately named, and the beauty of the spot could not be Borpassed anywhere in the world. It floatB like an oaeis in Port Arthur, a short dietanee from the shore. All around the giant cliffs seem to guard it, and break the irresistible fury of the frequently storm-tossed Southern Ocean. Standing on the beaoh of Port Arthur, with the great prison frowning behind him, the spectator oannot help contrasting the emerald gem, with its beanty and peace, with the ragged aspect of both natnre and humanity at hie back. Since 1331 Deadman'a Isle has been the prison burial place, and many BtraDge chapters could be written, regarding those wbo have there found their laBt resting- place on earth. Tbe grave has closed over many a human tiger, and instances are not wanting where innocent men have met a felon's ignominions end, and been laid on tbe islet. It is a oonvict Westminster Abbeyi and though one has to read a life's history by a number, and not by a name, the prison re cords are amplo to do so. During the latter half of 1834, thie island cemetery, then boasting of very few mounds (WAfl litre rxnn a Plf a Tfl flVltTlt RT1 fl iuucoU| rr aa sue busuo VA H CWMW — — — one whiah for six months fairly puzzled the conviot authorities at Hobart Town and Port Arthur. Under the title of the Ghost of Deadman'a Isle, this extraordinary -chroniole will be told. On the 13;h of Marob, 1810, at the Deed's assizes, a man, who gave his name as Robert Penlold, and his age as thirty-five, was eharged with inoiting a mutiny on the high seas. He had been an able seaman, and possessed great influence over his Bhip- mates. The vessel ha was on board was ostensibly a small merchantman, but in reality it was chiefly engaged in smuggling spirits, tobaooo and various other articles from France and Holland to England. Tbe captain was a bonnoeable ruffian, and though be was amassing a fortune by bis illicit prac tices, the eeamen, wbo ran most risk, got little for their trouble. Tenfold was particularly obnoxious to the skipper, but as he was able to read and write fiinaltfiAafiAne nnt tn hp riPRrnflPf? in the be- hisVk?,0' 'he oentnry)' and was B'80 8 Bd dislike""" Tremayne used him in Themen wereno lovei at last they deoided to put him ashore on a return voyage and run away with the lugger. Penfold to bo loader Treachery discovered the plot to Tremayne, and he speedily denounced Penfold to the authorities. By a judicious system of pre sents to influential people around Hull, the captain had for years suoceeded in quietly thiinflh.00 hls BmQ88lin8 operations, and the trfarT0 10 Ed Deed when £ J J . Penfold oame "A- The wily skipper hai got most of the crew on his side' by insisting that Penfold alone was re sponsible for the inland .- three of the J"«int"ded mnt,.n-v' and The result ol the trial was't'h?!® .a1aln®' him. sentenced to transportation to Van Diem&H; Land " for the term of his natural life." In the beginning of 1811 he reached Bisdon (Hobart Town afterwarde), and started his hopeless servitude. For a weary eighteen years he worked in misery at the conviot settlement, but ou the morning oi the 22nd of April, 1829, bo woe found to be -missing. No one bad tbe slightest idea ol how ho escaped, but treachery wsa suspected, as, without help from an official, it was impossible that ibe 11 lifer " oould have got away in so mysterious a manner,. Tbe gaol employees were most earelully examined, but no blame oould be brought home to them. The usual routine of the penal station had keen slightly disturbed a week previously, by the arrival oi a oonvict ship with a largo number of transportees, and this fact must have aided Penfold in his escape. The usual perfunctory search wac made for him, but without success, and as time rolled on and be did not return to Hobart Town, it ' wan generally oonoluded that he had perished in the inhospitable forests, in which he would seek shelter from his pursuers. Some few persons thought that Penfold might have CBcaped by sea io a friendly whaler, but, dead or alive, he was not again seen el Hobart Town, and he was gradually forgotten, and another felon took bis number. Toe growing population of free people in Hob irt Town suggested the necessity of re moving the oonvict prison, and Governor Arthur, shortly ai tor the escape of Penfold, took steps to do so, selecting Taeman's Pminsul aB the most suitable place to erect tbo new gaol of Port Arthur. The construe.' tion of such a ? extensive prison oocupicri a enDRiderable time, but at the end of 1833 it «na toady for occupation, and henoeforward was the great oonvict centre of Van Dieman'e \- Ijind. The mortality amonget the prisoners from ' ordinary sickness was very high, and with ; tbe executions and the ordinary death rate of the guards, the cemetery of Headman's We was speedily put into upp. The islet had been frequently, .visited by excursionists from Hobart Town and others, . o that tbe prison authorities regarded it as a matter of sd.urse that it should not appear os an uninhabited island. Almost daily the prison oflioials visited tbB place, and the- establishment of the gaol on he peninsula bad the cffct of bringipg a rreatly increased passenger traffic to Port Arthur. A daily service between it and ' Koli-m-:Town; was instituted, but nowtbat he lovely islet bad been Bet apart for burial nut poses few persons landed on it, unleee iboy had business to perform. Cemeteries are not tbe moat cheerful places, and when 'no gets the reputation of being haunted/ when it is broadly stated that one or more of the defunct residents in tbe Silent' City bave taken a notion to " walk," it is still mors avoided; During the month of September, 1834, such .-n awesome reputation was beginning to 'at- tRch itself to Dsadman's Isle. It was whis pered around that a ghost had been 'reen there, and superstitious people shook their heads in a knowing manner, as they aeked was it any wonder that Euch a dread spot should ba haunted. Already thirteen graves were on the Isle, of whioh eleven were those of murderers,'' . who bad been banged far their crimee, and 0ne. of the remaining three wrb that of the blackest villian wbo had ever been formed in | the shape of man. He was bqrglar, mnr- derer and cannibal, but be bad escaped the gallows by dying by Ilia own hand. It must be this suicide (Eugelbardt), whose unquiet spirit wandered occasionally on the roor: tuary island, so thought many of those who believed in the eupematural. Tbe first rumor that a spirit had its abode oa the islet, was started by a queer circum stance that happened on the evening of the stft September It appears that Corporal Hpflernan, with three privates, went to the cemetery on that date f or the purpose of dig ging a grave, as an execution was to take place next morning. It was a mers whim of tbe party to dig the grave at night. It was a bright moonlight evening, and tbe corporal fancied that it would be more pleasant to do the work under the beams of the moon than to wait for tbe rising son, and he obtained permission to carry out his wish. The epot where they had to dig the tomb of a then living man was on the Boutb-east side . of tbe isle, and close to the beach. This was the most exposed part, and tbe anceaBing action of tbe ooean had worn tbe cliffs into strange and fantastia chape?. Tbefonr men began their work with many a cruel jest regarding it, and tbe ultimate fate of tbe death-doomed man, for whom it was intended, when Ileffernan, who was standing with a shovel in his hand, suddenly uttered a stifled exclamation of terrified sur prise, as he pointed, with outstretched arms, in tbe direction of tbe rock close to them. His companions' gaze followed the direc tion he pointed, and there in front of them, Btandmg apparently on meecge oi me cnn, was the clearly outlined figure of a man, but not Buoh a man as any the corporal and bis comrades knew. He muHt surely belong to a prebistorio day, To that time when tbe Bible says " there were giants in those days," tor he appeared to them as the Brobdignag did to Gnlliver. This must be a human monster tbey looked on, for it was, at least, thirty feet high, and gigantio in proportion. Heflernan was as brave as moat men — indeed, braver than most, for be was considered the dare-devil of his regiment — bnt tHis colossal apparition altogether unnerved him. For the life of hhn he could.not take hie eyee away from the figure, but as he and the soldiers looked it seemed gradually to become fainter and fainterj and at lent it vanished completely. " Merciful God," said the corporal, as be wiped tbe perspiration from bis face, " that waa nothing mortal. I could see the stars Bbining through its body." " So did I. Hadn't we better get back. I'm not fit to work to-night," answered a soldier. They wero all of the same mind in that respect, for an Irishman is peculiarly bub- nsntible to Buuerstitious fear. He will ohaige a battery of artillery, or traverse wild and unknown regions, but ask him to stay a night in a haunted house, and he will refuse in terror. Heflernan and his comrades, with many a frightened glazes backward, soon reached their boat, and were speedily at the gaol, where they told of their strange adven ture. Next morning they accompanied tbe superintendent to the spot where they bad seen the apparition, but there was'not the least sign to Ehow that either a material or an etherial body had been there.- In fact, if Heflernan had observed what he stated, it must have been a phantom, for no human being could have stood in suob a place, as it was Bimply a preoipice where two 'cliffs bad been rent, or worn in twain. j.- The soldiers were badly rallied by their comrades on their faculty of second sight, but all the jokes they listened to aid nit shake their belief that a ghost had shown J- sell tothem. Eight days afterwards thar story reocived a strong corroboration, whbh caused the authorities to take Bteps to eluii- date the mystery. wiS'W out in a boat from Port Arthur 2. afternoon was remarkably fine, antBB jjjL met with luck, they did not take nosoe cf the flight of time. It was after midnight SB they rowed into Port Arthur, and as ttey floated under the shadow of Deadman's Ifle they deoided to " make a night of it."Sy continuing their piscatory pursuit. Th>y stopped almost under the shadow of tie south-eastern cliffs, andoontinued their fi l ing. The moon had only risen half-nn hcur perviously, but it was already throwinc a soft light around, The night was unusuaUy calm, and the sea seemed phospheriscd by 'JlS-.ytiads of fish which were darling Lieutenant o sleepy way, at the shafts of greenish light that tho motion ol the fish produced, when, happening to raise his eyes to the tinted clifis, be was startled to see the gigantio figure that had bo frightened Corporal Hef lernan and his companions eight days li> fore. It was undoubtedly the form of a man, hut undeniably not material, for objeots could be seen clearly thrcughit. The three officers looked at it in bewildered wonderment, and each eaw it distinctly, bo that it could not be the result of disordered iinngin&tion.; . < . " . Fteiiab, though awestruck, was not super stitious, and, whispering to his companion?, he seized an oar, and pulled . towards the ciifl to obtain a better view. The figure re mained motionless they approached, and the lieutenant was able to see that a June board fell from its chin. The dress, as well as he could judge, wbb the same as that worn by the ordinary settlers, and the ghost did not appear— if these outward sighs'might b'c depended on — to be that of a convict, In fact, tha appearance— with long, ap parently white, beard, and pEouliar-looking clothing — might well have passed- as 'a gigantic Druid priest : and the' surrounding caves and chaame and awe-striking precipices would have been a fitting dwelling-piaee for exponents of that moBt cruel and mysterious creed that was once the .great national reli gion of tbe Auoicnt Britons; and the colossal liguro would have been a splendid : specimen of one of their highest high prieBta in his robes of office. As the officers looked, with strained eyes, the phantom gradually receded, and vanished' as it had previously done. 'There is some mystery here," spoke French, in p. low voice. I don't believe in ghost?, yet that figure must be supernatural. I suppose wc will be laughed' at,- the same bb Htllurnen and his fellows have been, when we tell what we have' seeni.-bot' the three of us could not be mistaken, and I will. make a fnll report of it to tbe superintendent as soon as we land." . .. ... ' What can it bo ?." asked one of-'hiB com panions, with a slight shiver." ' " Ever since I Game to this bursed land 1 have-been seeing and hearing enough- to make n man's- blood run cold. It's bad enough' to be attending banRihgs and'flpggings nearly pvery day, but this supernatural mystery is worse than ten years nf tbat work." : y ; . a ' vf think we ought to. make , for, the settle ment," repiied.tbe third officer; '".If we stay, here, we may have q.return of our unwelcome visitant." This was' readily ' agreed ' to; and within' half-an.hour they were admitted to the outer prison-yard, where tbey saw Corporal Hef lernan on duty. , They ! acquainted that pereonago of the incident that' had' befallen tbem, and then the soldier, broke the grave siienoe with the - following sege; observa tion \ ! -; i "Gentlemen, it's a ghost, soro enough. It's" nri use saying there ain't no s>ch"tbings. I've heard the, Banshee orytmyself, and my father (God rest his soul) once eaw aughost in the churchyard :6t "Malahide'.i 'It'll con tinue to wander until it's 'Jaid,' or'nntil the secret it possesses' ;is? found) out -by soma means.1' ' v; I ".Laid/! eoboed-Frebpb. How can it be laid ? . . »- j " It'd;only a ,ly, mn that can do that sanVe; "sir," .-answered: :tbe;''oorporai8enten- tioii»ly.;'; c: ,. ; The prcbnbility;of finding a : '»holy map 'V at .'Port' Ar'thur-'was sbivery remnte; that: the: lieutenant 'and jhis: comrades.with a slight smile on their lipB at:tho BoldierVoredolity, left him for their , quarter?, feeling that the shade would, probably;. vandcL' for a long time, if Htflernan's panacea . was tho only one that would quieten the pertutbed spirit, and yet the mystery was to bo solved iu a few day. ' 