THE ORANGE CELEBRATION. The annual religious celebration by the loe-tl Orange lodges of the anniversary of the Battle of the Boyne toot place yester day afternoon at the Mechanics' Hall. There was a crowded attendance, includ ing a large gathering of persous in regalia. The service was conducted by the Bev- A. K. Edgar, who, after the usual devotional exercises, preached a stirring sermon for the times. The text was selected for the 5th chapter, 10 verse of Matthew. The text, the preacher said, embodied the principles upon which Christianity was founded- It was one of the first remarkable utterances of our Divine Saviour on entering upon TTis ministry. He had taken early opportunity of impressing upon His disciples the fact that they were to take His place, not merely as Christians but as Christ's, lake a lamp Christ shed His light upon all who entered His service, and those who professed to be the followers of the Saviour should, reflect this light before the world. It was a deplorable fact .that to a vjist multitude of people in the world the word Christian was a term without meaning, and tlie responsibilities that devolved upon those bearing the title were not understood. Christ designed that they should repre sent Him in the world. But though they had eyes they failed to see the King. They seemed powerless to penetrate the clouds that obstructed their vision. Nevertheless Christ moved directly amongst them and controlled His people in their actions. Christianity stood or fell by the examples of Christian men and women. He urged them to recognise the wonderful force of the words of the text. Christ was the light of the world, and those who professed to be His followers were commanded to let their light so shine before men that they would give glory to their Father in Heaven. It was a very important matter for a man to profess Christianity and believe in what he claimed to be. They were assured that if they believed not they would be condemned. The inspirations with regard to Christianity were to be found in the sacred scripture, and hence the impor tance of every man having the right to read the Bible as it bad been revealed to them by God. He claimed for every man the right to read the Bible and in terpret its contents in the manner in which the spirit of God directed him. The open Bible was the charter of all men v.-lio -wished to know Christ, and the right of expounding it in a particular way belonged to no section of the com munity. Continuing bis remarks, the rev. gentleman compared the function of the Holy Ghost to the oil of a lamp. "Without oil the lamp was useless, and gave out no light, and the soul without the power and miction of the Holy Spirit could not give forth a light that would lead men to glorify their Heavenly Father. The power of the Holy Ghost influenced their lives for good. "Whatever good they might do in life was the result of the power of the Holy Ghost, and not from any natural inclinations they pos scssedhi themselves. Turningliisattention to the present depression, the preacher declared that if wo wished to have a re turn to prosperity we would have . to commit ourselves to God and trust im plicitly in Him. It made him impatient to see people looking solely to the Government to help them out of the unfortunate position into which afiairs had drifted. They were looking too low, for they left the providence of God en tirely out of sigh*-- The Government could not be expected to do everything. It was doing its best to rectify the mat ters that come directlj' under its adminis tration, but there were too mauy difficul ties to be encountered. At every step which the Government took it was faced by fresb obstacles- How were they to get back to order "and prosperity ? By no other means than by recognising as a people that they were utterly .dependent unon God, and by bowing down before TT?s sceptre. They should be sincere in til car profession of Christianity, and liouestly strive to act up to the example of humility and charity that had been set up for them by its founder. He had no faith in the endeavors of Parliaments to put things right be tween capital and labor,or to permanently relieve the distress in which the people found themselves. His firm conviction was that acts of Parliament only made confusion worse confounded. The evils into which the whole world seemed to be plunged would never be remedied until people surrendered themselves entirely to Chnst, and in their dealings with one another acted on the: fundamental principles of Christianity. "When tliey got Clirist, the greatest socialist the I world had ever seen, the wrong would be made right. "When men learned to love God everything would be brought into harmony. It could not but be admitted that things had drifted into a queer mess, and tliey wanted Christ in their midst to put tliem right. They wanted Him to manifest Himself. The miiStcr had already coiuc down; to move their hearts and save their lives. Had be not told them that He would abide in them. That ivas au assurance, tliat tlicy had Christ with them. In conclusion he urged bis hearers to go into the world and do tneirauiy._ j.o so lee tueir ligut shine before men that others seeing tlteir good works would give glory to' tlieir Father in Heaven. Tlie world was not half a bad one, and they could make it much brighter and happier if they -followed in the footsteps of their blaster in the manner set forth in the Bible. '. At the close of the sermon a collection was taken up, the surplus available after expenses had been'covered to be devoted to the Protestant Hall fund; This evening the anniversary will be farther celebrated by tea and public iheetings. At the latter an address will be given by tbo Kev. A- B. Edgar \- A retired clergyman and bis wife in Cardiganshire recently celebrated tlieir "iron .areddiiijr." having been murried JO year*. ' The lady is 99 years oldj and her husband 97. 