LADIES GOSSIP. The statements thab have been made as to the amount) bequeathed to his widow by the late Duke of Sutherland are very exaggerated, writes Vanity Fair. The dowager duchess/a jointure is nothing like £16,000 a year in. amount, as has been generally written. It does nob exceed. £9, 000. Precisely what the personal estate bequeathed to the duchess will bring in: it is impossible to say, bub the whole of it will not to be found to exceed in value one million, railway stock, which, it has been' stated, is claimed to be realty by reason of the heredi-' tary directorate of the company being attached: to it. Collecting old china is Miss Braddon's hobby, and in her house at Richmond she has » series of well-stocked china cabinets. Ouida, it is said, is so proud of her small, and. beautifully shaped hands and feeb that in; summer and winter, oub of doors and in the' house, she wears sleeves that fall just below the elbow, and thin, low-cut slippers. The American .lady who recently created) some interest by starting an 'autograph petticoat,' does not appear to have originated,1 the idea. Reports of the Imperial christen ing at Potsdam state that the infant wore a train on .which the names of all the Hohen zollern infants thab have worn ib on similar, occasions are embroidered with the dates, though, of course, they are nob ' autographs.' - The idea (remarks a writer in the Globe] has been carried still further by the wife of a restaurateur at Vienna, who has started an 'autograph tablecloth' for the names of the guests. Archdukes and princes have already humcred her by complying with her request to write their names; and Bhe works them in. colors with silk. Women are now admitted to the classes in. the faculty of arts at Edinburgh University along with men, and some amusing incidents of the opening of the winter session unden these novel circumstances are recorded by. a correspondent of the Times, who says some of the women were rather embarrassed by the ? amount of attention they received, especially by the cheers which greeted their entrance into the classroom. In the natural philosophy classroom a jocular student started the chorus : of 'Clementine,' whereupon the refrain of.1 'Oh, iny darling,' was bellowed with infinite zest from a hundred throats. In .the logic class a blushing maiden, accompanied by hec brother, sat down on tha same bench with him, bub the servitor at once pounced on her and conducted her to the reserved front benches amid the cheers of the men. Women bishops are a possibility which Sir: Wilfrid Lawson can contemplate with equani mity. He asked the Gockermouth women Liberals' the other day, 'Why should women nob be bishops? There was no fighting to be done. It wa3 an intellectual, spiritual, and theological affair ; and surely women were oa, good in those things as men. . He hoped to see the day when they would have female bishops* Perhaps they would do more good than male ones. It wa3 possible.' 1 The ex-Empress Eugenie is so crippled witb rheumatism that she 'can only walk with tne aid of an attendant or when leaning npon a; cane. She is the ghost of her former self. ? It ifi not generally known (says the World) that the-German Empress, in spite of , her many excellent qualities, is very extravagant, an* owes large sums of money to many oi toe lierlin tradesmen, one firm alone having a .bill oE 800 000 marks, or £40,000, againather Majesty.. The Empress never wears either a dress, a mantle, or a bonnet a second time .in pnblio, and everything she buys iapf the .very best. It- is all the more surprising when it is, recollected how extremely simple hex surroundings were before her marriage Jo Prince Wilhelm of Prussia, and even a.fter,ier. marriage until. her husband succeeded , to the Empire. The Em peror is also very Jargely in, debt, in spite of the handsome present made to him] last year by the Emprees Frederick, who advanced him a million and a half of marks. The Emperoc has not the slightest idea of money, and: scatters it right and left, to the great .horror of: many of hia loyal subjects. The Queen (says ' Lady Mab' of the Season J is very fond of pretty, pleasant faces, and likes; to see them around her. On this point Bha has Bucb -decided, predilections that she is' almosb fastidious. She cannot bear to see haggard or discontented visages among heii Buite. Sometimes, moreovor, long servioe,': instead of producing affection between tha mistress and her attendant, results in th» contrary feeling. The Queen has been known to grow weary . of some one or other, of hec ladies without . any reason except the desira for change. Ia all these cues her Majesty 19 ?peremptory.^ Shesignifira+oibhetm&rtunate; jfiaytbat ehe fcas iio longer *By neeid of Her5 services. It' is only naturaTrtherefoffe, thai ihere should 'be a* great dead of good looks among *fe-QaeOT'8«rtf(«tra#e. - There ate one ?or two ladies -whom the Queen hasnoteeen aiaoe thedSyof their distnissaj, because the eight of their faces .got to aSeet her nerves bo that- die iB afraid of renewing ier'experienoe. It is thoroughly TOSeretood at coart that the season why the Qaeen consented so «af-'y **- tfhe marriage ol :Rinoess Beatrice an(l Prince iHenry of Battenberg was because she was bo struck with his- handsome face. If ! lie baa heen a plain man her Majesty would probably (have .found it in her heart to forbid sacn. a -mesalliance, -especially as it threatened to inter ifere bo much with, her- own daily life and ihabita. ' ; The Empire dinner-gowns (says the writer of ^'Woman's World', jn.the St. James'* Gazette) .sure delicicns. ' Brocades are approaching each jyear more nearly to the splendor of thehand iwoven wonders of old. ?.? A wonderful brocade, iwith wild Toses and loaves raised— as it were iembroidered^on^^orface of pearl-grey eatin, '?and ctftwithaVwolnte simplicity *nd art, is the 'material of -one gown. An Empire sash of [green orepe de Chine is twisted ronrM'beldw ',the buso and knotted on the left breast,' whence lony ends weighted by ornaments of; crochet passementerie faUixj the hem' of the skirt). A ''simple frill of old guipure lace edkes the bodice. Very : charming also is another dress of simpler white brocade. The bodice consists ' ?of a broad band of mirror velvet— shot-green and salmon — with flat guipure lace turned up from the waist and down from the breast. 1830 sleeves: of white brocade are in -batter taste' than velvet ones would have been, for velvet sleeves ~ are . dis tinctly overdone. A flat band of guipure borders the skirt, and here and there the ibrocade is slib up from the hem to show bite of pnckered^velvet.' The mirror Velvet is lovely, - but the reason of its name is not obvious, see ing it is of so cold and unsympathetic a nature ?that it reflects nothing but itself. The shaded Velvets, ranging through' euch colors as the -delicate pinks of the rose and the tender green aof its young leaves are delicious. 'A pretty .range iB that running from palest lilac to the lichest moss-green. The Woman's Herald.- states that a number younglaiiiearesiainginNottmgHamhavea^reed rto adopt a short skirt for walking in inaddy or snowy weather daring the approaching winter. iXhey convened a meeting by sending ;oflt oir =culars and met at the Social Guild Institute, ^hen it was decided after animated discussion ^that the skirt should be at least 5 in. off the iground. Twenty-one young ladies signed their mames as agreeing to this, and pledging them selves to begin wearing the short dress on -muddy days as soon as the costume could be anade. 