"HOW SHALL' WE DECIDE ':r THIS QUF.STION 7" b, ewhich is the more--to have no epetite for ear dianer, or to have so dinner for your bhere are lots of people on theone side or the other of this question. When "good digestion walteon appetite and health on both" that Is the ideal attitude of a person towards his meals. But most of as are not blessed in that way ; we either have too much food without an appe tite, or a vigorous appetite without enough to matisfy it. Differcut folks will answer this ques tion dilEently, yet the common sense of it is that, within reasonable limits, it is better to have as appetite without a dinner, because, short of the starvation line, a hungry man Is a bealthy mann whereas a man who ought to eat and deasn't [eel like cating, stands in need of "alteration and repairs." To illustrate. We recently received a com snlunication in which the writer says "I was nrftid to cat." Did he fancy his food was poisoned, or did his nature rebel against the nourishment lived on ? If the latter, why ? Let him clear the mystery himself. I o sreays. "In the year 188? I changed my work from railway porter to signalman. I had been signalnan twelve months, and then all at once, so to speak, I did not feel myself. My mouth tasted bad,so thatordinary articles of diet seemed to lose their flavoar;the palate, to put it in that way,a(peared to have nothing to say to them. One thing was like another and none was good. ly tongue was coated and furred, with a dark line down the middle and yellow fur round it. My breath was offentive andl my appetite poor, with pains thronghl the chset and shoulders, whith were always right before I had eaten any thing. Then £ v:as gro.atly tronubld with wind. It would gather ro it felt like a ball in my hmr? an. act :i i t Clhe rir :?. n ti ure cant.,,' yower that 1 1 tlh"ý c cireum ate?n.a oar fricnddid not do hin meran justice. IHe adds that there ,van. whalt the calls "a crick ing senOstion" as hi s heart, an thouglh it were touched witi r,ome Tnarp in trmnant. Then, again, at tim.i he wa: attacl:ed with spasms. the agony of which was 0o revere that the sweat roiled ft himt. "I dreaded," Ito says " the tbouyAt of cating, and many a mceal made, Jfr i v?rn afrajd to cat." "Ufiter o titme Igot into a low, weak,nervous condition, and felt mtiecrable, as if something wan g-ing to happcl , and this caused me to lose a good teal of sleep." tL.:. L rmeans by the fear of "something going to 'appen" in, of conr,c, the fear of some calamity, aluch ot the loss of his position his own death, or the death of vomcbody dear to him. This was due, as he intimates, to the im poverloehd rtarctt of his blood (the life bearer) his n .trungnnerves, and to the brain enfeeblek by lack of nourilshment. The night of this form of illn.sta is always full of ghosts and goblins the creaturot. of a reUtless and ungoverned imarination. " With great difficulty " be says, "I stuck to my wtrik, tfr I h::d a wife and family depending on me. c oi I strutgledl on, but what I suffered for oe t.:ov yera is past my powers ofdescrip tion. I ,etr c're tno one has sifvered so much as .1 ;:. iatter etatement he is nndoubtedly i roa-- a. Oo'n own pain is one's own, and -'--S. hib nclghbounr's pain. There is a countless mal titude who are all the while going through the same wretched experienre, only wedon't happen to come in touch with them. Well the writer finally mentions that after all medical treatment had left him where il found him he chanced toread ina book of a case exactly like his own havin been oured by Mother Selgel's Syrup: " My wife." be save, " got me a bottlo at Mr Langstaff', In Woodlesford, and after using its contents the ailment left me and has never returned since that fortunate day. I should like the whole world to know what it did for me. .I have been employed by the Midland Railway Company for eleven years. (Signed) "GOome IIur, " Car Bottom Load, " Apperley Bridge, near Leeds." We publish this by Mr Hunt's desire, in order that part of the world at least may know how thankful he is and for what reason. 