? VThj Did He Love Her? OHAPTBE XXXII (Continued). " Ha! Miss Carrie, you here? but I suppose the news of last night's escapade brought you over. I hope my patient knowe nothing ot tbe affair, for 1 am told he was opposed to the marriage. I can't see why. tor Philip Vane is an elegant and clever young fellow, and the heiress hasn't made such a bad choice. Poor Fontaine's mind was probably no clearer, on that score than on others, or he. would not have opposed her wishes." "I oannot agree with you, doctor. I think the objections of Mr. Fontaine were well founded," she coldly replied. "I did not come over on Savelia's account, but to remove Isola to tha Vale. I am sorry to say that she has been attacked by illness, brought on, it seems, by the . scent of tht reB.b Raipt pjpon the lionBe. Mr. Summerton gave, her such remedies as lie consi- . derednecessary, and she is much better; bnt I shall be glad if you will go up and see her before you leave." " Of course; such cases are not uncommon, qpj^Isola has a very sensitive temperament. But I must first go in and see how Fontaine is. It is a melancholy hallucination he labours under, and I almost despair of dispelling it." " Is it even so ?" said Miss Carleton, with a alight shudder. "Is there no hope fot him ?" " I can see none, for there is a cause fox the spectral illusion in this case—a fatal oause, which medioal skill can never remove." Their eyes met, and both felt that th« other knew what the dire cause was. She presently asked: " Can I not see him ? I do not wish to apeak with him ; only to look upon him and form my own judgment as to hie condition.'i " I can easily manage that for you. Pass through this window, and remain in tbe library while I am with him in his own apartment. I have had a curtain placed in front of the door to conceal the person who watches near him, as it made him irritable to have some one always in sight. You can shelter yourself behind it and look on him while he talks with me." While he -was speaking the doctor opened tbe blind and threw up tbe sash of the window. Cesar aroused himself as he heard them enter, and arose with a deep bow and a look of intense surprise as he recognised. Miss Carleton. She motioned to him to remain silent, and passed with tbe physician towards the heavy folds of damask that swept to the floor. Dr. Sinclair lifted them aside and entered the large room, while Miss Carleton, with a quickly beating heart, placed herself in such a. position AS to enable her to look into Fon-. taine's apartment without being- Serself argeah^ "^s^tatuesgue /head^^tt.iis^early cut features, now . nearlyas colourless as •-marble itself. His large hlack eyes, as they wandered restlessly around the room, had in them the same wild, unsettled expres- ' Bion they had worn on that last morning at the Vale ; and the concealed visitor shrank from meeting them again with a sort of suppressed feeling that shivered through her aching heart. Wh«!n Dr. Sinclair appeared before him, Fontaine's gaze dwelt an instant upon him, and then dropping his paper, he stretched out his hand, and said, in his natural voice: " Let me grasp your hand, doctor, to convince myself that you are real. I am so haunted jby phantoms that I cannot distinguish flesh and blood from them unless I touch it." " I, at all events,. »m a substantial entity, Fontaine, and I neyejr intend to visit any.of jmy friends in a ghostly shape. Have your filmy friends multiplied? At first it was only one that visited you." " Yes," he mysteriously replied; " he has brought others with him. He was the dead demon; but he has called others to aid him in his work of torture. He has brought up * Banquo's ghost, with those that came to .Bichard HI. the night before the battle of Bosworth. He has even gone back into.the , days of antiquity and summoned that goblin grim who stood beside the couch of Brutus and said, ' Meet me at Phillippi!' Ah S it was death that met him there; but my familiar gives me no such welcome warning." " Why should you wish to die, Fontaine ? Ton have much to live for," was the sooth- • mg reply. "Much, much—yes, I comprehend that; yet it would be a mercy to me to die. If I could wipe this red stain from my hand, X might clasp one that could drive every evil from mej-tmt it deepens, 'it idarkeng with jeypry!hourjiidoctor,-' Oh 1 . murderiSs a fearllul4ijmeftiS'a -commits it mente' S&thrJcZ;'Jiad'fatherpay that penalty . than dflivethe life'towhich ! jamdoomed." •• i Then you are .tired of being shut up ^iete.? you wish.it,.I Will permit you to . walk out out daily. -®ou .need'not go be- ^ond your »wn grounds." -• TFontaine.slowly shook his head. \- -:' -» , No)"-Binc1air ; I will not make a spec- -jtacle of myself to my own people. Besides, ' ibe phantom forbids that; he is standing i :3between us now; audhe frowns even at the %?prpposaVirom you. i5o—these rooms shall fe,ibeeome-my living grave for I will not go ^ejondthem." ^M.We : shall.6eewhen the spring weather comes. It is cold now, and it is well. for " !;:jybu>to iBtay m doors." Once I"Tjreasted the storm and defied e Jwintl';now Isam as » reed shaken by it* linfest'ArSath. Sinclair, who is behind iSicurlam'? I feel a presence there that 'ta sweetness.-and comfort to me.. Who is it*' iHe half arose ^s if to approach the _ edidoor.^uf the physician, .placed hi« ^jiiffdSpon-fcis arm. -ana said: : rf^irjend of yours is there, but. she did tend to intrude upon you. Would it iieasfeirou to seeher? You ar« 60 calm .jo- Iithink h(ir visit will nothsrm oMe^ne^ank Jjack, «na. in An canted •sSHf'JBnng her in !. I fenow—l inow who iuiVte."..-. gihtilair -wmt to the rartftis, dnw it it aside,.and ltd forward the woman who had,, watched and listened with her heart upon her lips. Fontaine advanoed to meet her with his usual stately eleganoe, but when she offered him her oold band, he rapidly drew her toward him, and pressed her to his breast and said: Tou have come to the lost one, Carrie You might have saved me, if I dared to lay the burden of my sin upon your innooent heart. But I could not—I could not; and and now I am demon-haunted, while my ange! is fav from me. Ah ! there it is now —gliding between us with its deadly breath —chilling me to the heart." His arms dropped down suddenly, and he tottered as if about to fall. Dr. Sinclair hastened to support him to bis seat, and after a few moments he became more composed. Miss Carleton gently asked: "IE there no other one you would like to see, Mr. Fontaine? One yon have dearly loved would be made happy by being admitted into your presence again." He regarded her vacantly, and seemed to be considering the meaning of her words. Presently he pressed his hand to his head and said: " Tee, yes—I remember. I called her my child; I love'd her as^uchvbUt"tfce-demonforbids me to do so any longer. He commands me not to look upon her, and I dare not disobey him. But you can lake my place. Take Isola to your heart, Carrie Carleton, and she will prove as great a blessing to you as she might have been to me, but for this cruel, cruel persecution. I cannot see her again; her presence is oppressive to me ; and—and—now even yours is becoming so. There stands the phantom his wrathful face is turned upon you. Go away, I entreat, or he may gain the same diabolical power over you that he has over me." He put up his hand deprecatingly, and at a sign from tbe physician Miss Carleton glided from the ap artment, carrying with her tbe painful fear that Claudt Fontaine's mind was wrecked beyond restoration. Miss Carleton wrote a brief note to Mrs. Berkely, describing the condition of affairs at La Fontaine, and requesting her to send over such articles of clothing as she might require during her stay. Tbe carriage was sent back with this : and unable to remain within doors with the weight upon her heart that seemed crushing her to tbe earth, Carrie Carleton wandered out into tbe grounds, and sought to exhaust her emotion by rapid exercise. She spent many hours in this bitter straggle with herself, and more than once the cry came to her lips : " Oh, would that the right was mine tc be near him for ever—for ever'" CHAPTER XXXIII. NEWS FB0M GE0BSE. As the dinner hour drew near, Miss Carleton returned to the house and went up to Isola's room. She found her sitting up in bed, while she read George Berkely's letter. There was a glow upon her lately colourless face, and her eyes sparkled with her us pal animation. —a^'-WniE- TgTigjfc 411*1= osWq sepiia^^^ - °?a em , •^rj^ujBnS^pslmsM bi ' George's.letter! ^pr^aKI^«omised to «ee you before he left! : I 6upj»se he. has been up." . - . "Yes—he came'with Mr. Summerton; bnt I was sleeping so soundly that they did not arouse me. The Senora was here just now, and told me that he said I had been extremely ill, but I am now doing well." "He approved of Mr. Summeiton's treatment ?" " Yes, entirely." This assurance satisfied her friend, and removed the fears she felt in spite of the solicitude of the Italian for Isola's recovery. She lingered long enough to arrange her dress, and then left the girl to read again ths letter which contained so much that was precious to her. During the months that had - elapsed since the departure of George Berkely, Isola had learned to look on him as her future companion for life. AH his true qualities arose before her in vivid contrast of Philip, and the warm friendship she bad cherished for George assumed the hue of love. She felt that she could implicitly trust that honest nature, and give him that entire respsct without which affection can have no firm basis. His letter ran thus— " St. Petersburg, " November, 15, IS— "My Beloved Isola:—Your precious letter has just reached me. It gives me the right to address you thus, for in it I behold the pledge that my Peri will, in time, fold her wings in the nest it shall be my sweetest care to prepare for her. " My darling, I am happy, for I know that you would not have replied to my last letter if in your heart a spring of tendefness had not opened for me. I will proye myself worthy of it, Jfiola, and I feel the sweet assurance that I can make your happiness, as you will mine, in the future which looms before me bathed in the rosy hues of love. "But J^ust.notfHI-^y jetfer.jwithi.pjrpT. to assure you of the depth of my affection for you. •:' That, you know, is indestructible as life itself. I have become that -important personage to the home circle he has .left behind hijn—a traveller/in foreign lands; and my communications will have especial interest from a country so little known to ' outside barbarians,' as Russia ! therefore I must endeavour to maintain , the character of an intelligent observer. "I have now been in St. Petersburg several, weeks, -and we have weather-to. which our keenest mountain breeze is comparative Eumjner. " Our ambassador has. been received by the Emperor,, and his subordinates have, with him, attended a court ball. There I had the honour of an introduction to the the grandest looking man I have ever seen. " Nicholas is a.magmficent man, and as courteous as he is'handsome. He was surrounded by a hrilliant^roup of officers who . had distinguished'themsely.es in his service. " Among them .w,as a stately-looking in an, who attracted me from, the. first moment my ej£5 fell on him. I cannot tell why this was, Juoi he wiLS^not more striking •m his app££ipnpe than many others near him. -He was a middle-aged-^nan, -with hair sprinklejl ^fithgireyi and the expressjpn.of , one whor has sjiSefed. wroiig, hardship,, and disappointment; all ot' which haa been merged in,fhf p^iloEo^ibic determination to jnake the most of whajtHeaven spared from the wrecked Wjpes ie ^ps.3. left scattered upon his life-path. "I inquired who he wag, and learned that be Is an Italian of the name of Fontani, who for many years has been in the employment of the Emperor as an engineer. His services have been rewarded with the title of Baron and a large estate near Mosoow ; and the deoorationB he wore bore witness to tne triumphs he has gained. But he soon retired from the gay scene, in which he only appeared at the command of his maBter. " It would fill up my letter to describe to you tbe magnificence of the scene on this occasion. ImagineAladdin's palace illuminated with radiance, and filled with a crowd of lovely and richly-dressed women, atteuded by cavaliers in brilliant court costume. "It was late when we made our cong6; in my sleigh was Charles Brinsley, my fellow attach^, and myself; the night was enchanting ; the moon was shining with a lustre that rendered every object visible, and we sped over the snow-clad earth with the velocity of the wind. At a sudden turning, our sleigh came in contact with another approaching from tbe opposite direction. The collision was so violent that one of our horses fell in the traces; but the fiery steeds of the other sleigh swerved to one side, dashed forward, evidently unmanageable by the driver, who had been partaking too freely of the strong waters to which his countrymen are much ad- dicted. " A gentleman attempted to spring out, but caught his foot in the leopard skin with which the sleigh was lined, and fell in such a position as so be in danger of having his brains dashed out by the horses. I sprang to bis assistance, seized the reins, and succeeded in holding them in till Brinsley and the driver could come to my assistance. " The check enabled the prostrate man to recover his footing and extricate himself from hiB perilous position. He spoke to the horses, and they stood docile aud obedient to his voice. He thanked us for our efforts to serve him, and insisted that we should accept seats in his vehicle since ours was disabled. He said: " ' I am Baron Fontani, and I am on my way to the palace to lay before the Emperor some despatches which have just arrived ; but I pledge myself not to detain you many moments, and I will then set you down at your own hotel.' " Of course we accepted his offer; and taking the reins in his own hands, the Baron bade his driver remain with ours and aid him in every possible manner. " Alter a brief interview with the Czar, he returned to UB, and soon set us down at our own door. On parting from me he gave me his card, and requested me to call on him on tbe following day. I, of course, availed myself of his invitation to visit him. " At as early an hour as I hoped to find him free to receive friendly calls, I went to his palace. He met me with his kindness; was pleased to exaggerate the service I had rendered him, and showed as much interest in my affairs as if he had been a friend, of long standing. "The Baron informed me that in his youth he had travelled in the United ^^e^^lSiSifiBE^HeBhbwea me 'Jellerson's Notes on Virginia' in his library;, and I discovered that he understands English, though at first he spoke to me in French, " He showed me several sketches, which he said he had purchased from a wandering artist; and among them I found a picture of the Vale, and another of La Fontaine. He pointed to the latter, and said: " ' I was induced to take that because the name is so nearly my own. Do you know of such a place in your native State ?' " I told him all about the place and the connection between its owner and my family. I cannot describe to you the interest with which he listened. He inquired about Mr. Fontaine—his habits, his peculiarities ; and when I had finished my de- scription, be said: "' From your account of him, one would think this man a king among bis peers. How is it that he has never married ?" " I could not explain that, but I referred to constitutional melancholy as the probable cause. He seemed struck with that, and quickly asked: "' Is there no other cause for that sadness ? It seems to me that the owner of this beautiful place, situated in a bracing mountain atmosphere, and surrounded, as you say be is, by kind and steadfast friends, should be able to rid himself of the morbid taint in his blood to which you refer.' "' He had much to sadden his youth,' I told him; but the Baron was not satisfied till he drew from me the whole of that sad story about Henry Fontaine. When I had finished, he said : If your friend was guiltless in that aflair, why should he cherish the feelings you have described ? I am afraid there is a dark Etain on the ermine of his robe, spotless as you would have me believe it-.' "Forgive me, Isola, for repeating his wor^s to you, for we know how pure, how iioble Mr. Fontaine is—how far above any temptation to crimej -and suoh crime as .this-!; - • . - ' . - . -,. v I speedily disabused jny new friend of this idea ; but he has shown the interest he takes in the subject by frequently referring to it when we meet, and the mystery of ' Henry Fontaine's fate seems to possess as 'strong an attractiontor him as it could for the nearest friend of your "father. " I have not yet told him of you. I do not know what feeling withheld me ; but I am a jealous miser, who hoards his happiness in bis own heart as too sacred to be shared by others; for in this I am not expansive enough to make the idol whose shrine is in iny inmost heart visible to those around me.. To the working-day world I give my. energies; to you, the consecrated dreams of love and hope. " I have a miniature of you which I pUferedfrom Fanny, and in my solitary -hours ,it is my constant companion. I yearn to return to you, to claim you as my own for ever, but my friends would not approve of 1 it just now; so I must curb my impatience, and prove myself worthy of -the happiness that awaits me. " Adieu, my precious love; let your heart «st on me in perfect trust, for in life and death I am yours alone. GEOHGJ: JBKKKXI/T." Isola folded her letter,.and laid it upon her pillow, with a sweet smile<ti|>ori "her . lips. Sho felt that her haven of rest was almost gained; that George would take her to4iis noble heart and shield lit* irom the storms of life. There was now but one shadow on her path; the sad condition of her beloved protector; but she cherished the hope that in time li* would be restored te her, vigorous in mind and strong in health, as before this strange attack of illness. Again she fell into that balmy sleep which brings healing on its wiiigs. Summerton bad given her some renovating drops, which seemed to act as a veritable elixir on her exbausted system, and with every passing hour she felt its reviving influence. So rapidly had they counteracted the effect ot the poison she had taken that, when Dr. Sinclair aame up to see her, he bad not been able to detect any traces of the deadly potion she had swallowed. He had accepted Sumiucrlon's account of the cause of her illness as the truth, aud as> cured him that he had done everything that the most competent skill could have accomplished. Tbe soi-diitant clergyman accepted the physician's compliments with an air of modest deprecation; he declared that his practical knowledge of medicine was trilling, but his skill SB a chemist was great; that he understood the composition of every deleterious agent which could enter the human frame, therefore he could readily apply the antidote to the subtle poisons which are sonietttues inhaled with the breath of lite. With a high opinion of his abilities, Dr. Sinclair recommended Fontaine ts his constant care during bis own absence, and departed, glad to leave so able a coadjutor to look after his patient. CHAPTER XXXIV. THE BCIIEMENS AT W0BK. A messenger had been despatched to Dunlora to inquire concerning Philip and tbe missing heiress, and when tliey were expected to return. As he was about to rise from the dinner table, a letter from Mr. Vane, addressed to Summerton, wa« brought in. He hastily opened it, and read the following lines: " Mn. SUJLMEKTOK — Sir,—I have the honour to inform you that your inference with regard to Miss Fontaine is correct. She left her home under the protection of my son, and by the time this . reaches you she will doubtless be his wife. They will come to Dunlora on their return, as at present I fear La Fontaine would be too warm a place for them to find themselves comfortable in, although it is winter weather. However, 1 hope this event will not long cause you to think, with tbe immortal bard, ' This is the winter of my discontent," for I assure both yourself and the respected aunt of my daughter in-law that my son will prove to you both as good a friend as you have ever possessed. * " Your course is evidently to submit gracefully to what you no longer can prevent, and to make things smooth and harmonious for the advent of Philip among you as tbe future master of La Fontaine. With profound respect, I am yours to command, JOHN VANE." This pompous and offensive effusion was read by Summerton in silence, and then handed over to Senora Boselli. She glanced over it, and then, with flushed cheeks and 4tou see lot yourseil how much torbearance Mr. Fontaine has to expect, for this old stupid speaks already of his son as master here. I suppose it is bis intention to rule us all right royally, and we are expected to bow submissively before the authority of tbe young sultan Savella has been fool enough to make the ruler of her fate." " This letter is certainly not that of a well-bred man, though I have hitherto regarded Mr. Vane as such," said Miss Carleton. " But you have one consolation, madam: if Philip proves a disagreeable inmate, you can leave the house, which he will probably look on as his own, till Mr. Fontaine is again in a condition to assert his own authority." " That I will never do !" she said, almost rudely. " This is my home, and I have at least as good a right to it as that handsome popinjay. I have had the care of Savella from her infancy, and she shall not now cast me off, even if she is wrought on to consider me a burden. I don't intend to be thrust aside, I can tell you that." " Of course you understand your own affairs best," said Miss Carleton, rising. " I do not presume to give advice to one so competent to take care of herself as you are. I will now go up to Isola," and she left the room. The Senora and Summerton went together into the sitting-room, which they now had entirely to themselves; but when together, they never spolie in English; if anything was accidentally overheard by the servants, that domestic police, which is always on the alert, they could understand nothing. Perhaps that was one cause of the intense disgust felt by the bouse servants toward tbe "furrin trasb," as they called them when speaking among themselves, though from this sweeping condemnation they excepted tlieir master's niece. She was a Fontaine, and, of course, she must be vastly superior to the " S'nory and dat Sum'tan," as the two were called by the negroes on the plantation. :' . Summerton closed thedoor carefully, and curtly asked: " Have you decided to take my advice ? Does not this absurd letter clearly show you what are the expectations of those people? I shouldn't wonder if old Vane and his silly wife were looking forward to establishing themselves here permanently."- " There is no danger of that, and I will soon give Philip Vane to understand that if he is nominally master here, I am really mistress. When lie revolts, it will then be time enough to driye the goad into him. At first he may have some scruples as to carry-, ing out our plans, but after enjoying the sweets of possession a short time, I mistake him greatly if he will not concede to any terms that will enable him to retain the wealth for which be has sold himself." " Then you Trill receive them with courtesy ? You will not fly like a tigress at Savella when she returns with her handsome purchase "' No; that would be folly now. Wemust tolerate the airs of the new prince till we have him in our power, .and Savella may hav.e her swing for a few .weeks—perhaps longer; but if she abuses her liberty—if she turns a oold shoulder to me, I will summarily put her down. You will see," He shrugged bis shoulder. "Yes, I shall soe a regular set-to between you, for Savella has too much of your temper for her good. However, I shall b s by to make peace, and dictate conditions wbich shall be for our benefit you may be sure; far nort our interests are at war with hers," " Oh ! if we could only have kept her free till Fontaine was out of the way," she said in a tone- of suppressed rage. " Then we could have turned the estate into money ; have gone back to Italy, and lived in splendour ; but this selfish and ungrateful girl has overturned all our plans." " We may be able to accomplish that yet. Leave Vane to me; I shall manage bim without much trouble. He can do what we dared not attempt. I will make him sue the estate for arrears, and grasp the whole, from which he shall pay us what I may choose to demaud for keeping back what would ruin him. I begin to see that, after all, it isn't so bad a thing for us that Sa* Telia has taken her fate into her own handB. He is a poor schemer who cannot turn every chance to his own advantage." " If you make anything out of this malapropos elopement, you will prove yourself a modern Macbiavel," she spitefully re- plied. " Savella is not so near to you as she is to me, or you would not so coolly make up your mind to the fate she has chosen for herself." " Perhaps not," he indifferently replied. " Yet, I think, a little reflection will teach you that I have done more to advance her interest than you, or any one else. Since this marriage has taken place we must n • concile ourselves to it as well as we may. There are other means of influencing people besides fear, and if we can gain our ends without a family quarrel it will be best on many accounts." The Senora reluctantly acquiesced in this sensible view of the case, and after some further consultation, Summerton sut down and wrote the following reply to Mr. Vane, while the Senora retired to her own room for tbe purpose of inditing an epistle to her runaway niece. SIB,—Your letter has been received, and I write to assure you that no obstacle will be thrown in the way of Savelia's return to the home wbich is rightfully her own. Influenced by tbe opposition of Mr. Fontaine to tbe union of his niece to your son, Senora Boselli and myself did everything in our power to prevent the marriage which has taken place in so disgracefully clandestine a manner. " If we had known how irrevocable was the determination of Savella to become the wife of Mr. Philip Vane, we would have oonsented to her union with her lover, an avoided incurring the scandal which she has brought upon herself, and all connected with her, by the course she has pursued. " Of course, both her aunt and myself feel this keenly, for we only endeavoured to perform our duty by preventing Savella from disobeying the express commands of »--r ""p 1 ' . —Mr , Ffincougn you we tender inem an invitation to come to La Fontaine as soon after their arrival at Dunlora as may be agreeable to themselves. "Family jars are best cemented as soon as possible, and to your son personally we ean have no objection. He is a very elegant and attractive young man, and I trust that he and Savella will find that happiness in their precipitate marriage which I, her spiritual guardian and best friend, daily pray the Giver of all good to shower down upon her. " Bespectfully yours, " THOMAS SCMMEBTON. With this hypocritical effusion, Senora Boselli sent one, which ran thus: " Come back to me, Savella, for my heart is half broken by your desertion. At the intercession of Mr. Summerton I have forgiven you, and you can return with your husband to La Fontaine without dreading reproaches from me. It is now too late to utter them, and I feel that perhaps I have already indulged myself in too many. " You know, Savella, that my affection for you must lead me to forgive everything; that I can even embrace the object of your choice, much as I have hitherto opposed this marriage. Say to Mr. Vane that I can pardon bim for taking you from me, if he will only make you happy. • "Your affectionate, though deeply afflicted aunt, " BIANCA BOSELLI."' These letters were intended to be sent at once to Dunlora, but in a fit of absentmindedness, Summerton dropped them into the post-bag, and they were taken to Lynchburg, mailed there, and'after the lapse of several days reached those for whom they were intended. Savella, in her new happiness, gave little thought to those she had left behind her. She was not trouhled with sentiment, and if the angry image of her aunt intruded, she dismissed it vvith the ..thought' that she need give herself no further trouble concerning her; for with Philip to protect her, wealth at her own command* • she could surely rid herself of this incubus upon her life. In truth, Savella was heartily weary of the subjugation in which she had Jbeen hpld from her earliest recollection, and the most clearly defined wish of her heart was to emancipate herself entirely from the control of both the Senora and Summerton ; for since he assumed the office of her tutor, he had tyrannised over her nearly as much as her relative. Philip waited with some anxiety for an invitation to La Fontaine. Without it be could not well enter the place as master and establish himself, as he fully intended, at his ease. Since he had sold himself for a mess of pottage, be was resolute that it should be rendered to him to the last, crumb, and he greedily listened to Savella when she spoke of the accumulated debt which Summerton had assured her wag justly due to her from her uncle. Philip already knew as much - from the lips of Fontaine himself; and he mentally calculated hoiv large a sum .would be necessary to maintain the master he was about to dispossess in a private mad-house. He intended to inaugurate a style of hospitality at La Fontaine far more magnificent than anything hitherto known in the valley, and the presence of an insane man -would be too great a drawback on his pleasure to be tolerated a day longer' than he possessed the power to rid himself ot it. As the bestower of all this hi felt grate- ful. to SBvella, and hit apparent devotitm tendered hqi the happiest of mortals. Philip, her best-beloved, her king, «M everything gratulated Aotf- WtfeMbSHifr jbli tion to their son would induce her to yield the entire control of her fortune to him. Cards had been sent out for a reoeption at Dunlora before the return of the bridal pair, and Mrs. Vane had taken precaution to order a drees for Savella suitable to the occasion. She appeared in' white lace over satin, adorned with tbe same pearls her motber-in-law had once designed as a gift to Isola. Invitations were sent to La Fontaine and the Vale; but from neither house came a token that they had been received. All the other families of note in the valley thronged to Dunlora on the appointed evening, anS the newly-wedded pair might have been consoled for tbe neglect of their nearbst friends by the congratulations and compliments lavished upon them. With the halo ot hei new happiness around her, Savella looked almost radiant, and Philip could never be less than preeminent in grace and beauty over every one brought in comparison with him. He was in the gayest' spirits, and the guestB departed from the feast satisfied that themateh Was a most suitable one, and could not fail to prove fortunate. " The next morning Philip said to hiswife! " I suppose the people at La Fontaine mean to cut us altogether. Bather a cool proceeding on their part, considering the position they hold as dependents upon us; eh, Savella?" She laughed as she replied: " It's lucky that my aunt did not hear you say that, cam mio. She would have been tempted to fly at you, and shake you, and pull your hair, as she used to do with me, till I grew strong enough to fight my own battles." Philip was fastidious, and he regarded the speaker with a horrified expression. " Savella ! you cannot be in earnest. You have never really fought with your aunt ?" "Of course I have; would you have bad me to submit to be buffeted at her will when I had fingers and nails, with strength enough to use them ? But you need not look so—so I scarcely know how; for she has treated me with more respect since I have been declared an heiress. Of late, she has only lashed me with her tongue, but that has all the venom of a scorpion." "My poor girl," he tenderly said, "I must try to make up to you the bad treatment you have so long borne, by being doubly tender to you. But if your aunt is such a female fury, how am I to get along with her? I will never bear her taunts to you, if she attempts to utter them, now yoa are my wife; nor will I submit to be scolded by her myself." " You may as well prepare yourself for the infliction, for you will have te bear it, Philip. I can suggest but one remedy—" " And what is that, my angel ?" "Get rid of her. Y<es—send both her and Mr. Summerton back to Europe, for I shall never feel that I am really my own mistress , uuti i. uia. not believe you.wpnld consent to it. The . Senora has so long had the charge of you that I feared you would be unwilling to part with her." " Before I knew and loved you, perhaps I might have been, but you suffice to me now, Philip. My aunt wishes to return to her own country; she had some absurd vision of taking me there to marry me to a nobleman, but I have found my prince here; and I wish him to reign over my heritage without being interfered with by i others. Give them enough to live on com-; fortably in Italy, and both she and Mr. Summerton will gladly go back again." " I will provide liberally for your aunt, but it seems to me that the tutor has no claim on you beyond the payment of the salary agreed on between himself and Mr. Fontaine for teaching you what I fancy you seldom learned." " His office of late has been rather a sinecure, but that was not as much his fault as mine. I was tired of lessons, and I evaded them whenever I had an excuse to do so. I don't understand the bond between the two, but I warn you that if you expect to deal effectively with Senora Boselli, you must include Mr. Summerton in tbe bargain." " I had no idea that your aunt was so pious as to require the service of a domestic chaplain," replied Philip, with a scarcely repressed sneer. " I will feel my ground, and if it proves indispensable to pension him too, I suppose I must do it to get you all to myself, my precious wife." Am I really precious to you, Philip? Do you love me as the one desire ofyour heart, even as I do you ? Sometimes I am afraid that the very excess of my love may cool yours." "If it does, Savella, I should prove myself the most ungrateful of men. My dear girl, I owe you too much ever to underrate you, I assure you." " Don't speak of debt to me, Philip. I will have nothing like bargain and trade in so divine a thing as love. Ours is a thing . apart from Worldly considerations, and T will not have you talk of wealth;! can be- stow on you in that style. What is mine is yours to'do with as you please." " You are the dearest and most disinterested creature in the world," said Philip, with enthusiasm, and Savella raised her love-lit eyes to his with an expression of perfect trust that touched him, and made him think that he would endeavour to be all to her that she so confidingly expected. He presently recurred to the topic with which the conversation had opened. " I cannot understand the tactics of the Senora. I begin to think I had better ride over to La Fontaine and see how things are going on myself." "I do not wish you to do that, for if my aunt is not prepared to receive you as my husband she might give you a specimen of her temper that would not prepossess vou m her favour. Mr. Summerten hat great influence with her, and he has judgment enough to comprehend that their authority over me is at an end. They both know very well that without your consent they cannot maintain their position at La Fontaine, and if you give them time to get oyer their first wrath, they will do what is right; I am very , happy -here ; happier than I have ever been before in my life if Dunlora is not as grand a place as my uncle's, it is to me a iar more agreeable one." While she was speaking, a servant came in bringing an open letter, with a message from Mr. Vane. Beside it, on the waiter, lay a second one, addressed to Savella, in the superscription of which she recognised the writing of her aunt. - (To ie amtimud.) 