ZIL L.A.IH A ROIEANCE. BY JOSEPH HOCKING, AUTHOR OF " 1lrad i the Ilic,' " JabTcz E~sterbrook.'" (Publisbed by Special Arrarigcment with .Messs..a Wrd, Lock, Bowden & Co.) OITABPTEI? VI.--'Y Cotietnued.) Unclo William.spoke again. 'l am exceedingly anxious, r. B30-' lair,'.hesaid, 'that our manifestationis to-night-should be clear and unmistak able; I trust we shall get- spirits af :the highest 'order, and messages that shall clear the mind and exalt,:the soul. Are you certain that the soui 'of which you have spoken so much will gcome?'" . 'I am as sure as ILcan be. We shall have to go on as: usual for an hour, and then by Sthe time the infi ence' is strong, we shall be piepared for the fuller stronger power.' You will not be disappointed to-night, Mr. Lindell. Evenyou will be surprised Sat what you will see.'e ' I hope so. I have brought :my nephew, who is veriy doubtful. Mr. Bolair, if the manifestations are clear to-night, he will be conveited, and.he will be a wonderful acquisition to our cause. Mr. Bolair looked doubtful. Jack ;gave no evidence of becominga an easy: convert; indeed, at the timne Uncle William was speaking he was lookjng Sluspiciously around the room. 'We are all ready to commence': now,' said the medium. ' Shall I call the rest- of the party in ?' S' Do so at once,' said the little-man, at the same time leaving the .room. Thus our hero was left a minute all aloine. So far everything seemed honest enough. He looked under and around the table, but s~aw not~hing Ssuspicious. The musical boxes on the table were perfectly innocent looking, as was also another little instrument made something on the prlinciple of a halrp. Jack tested it, and, as far as he could see, it could be played by no other means than by touching the strings that were placed along the little frame. On the wooden part of :' it he saw a piece of white material cut in the shape of a star, and he also noticed that it was capable of ab isorbing light. /'-What dodge is there in that, I wonder.?' heamused; '.and What in the -woild do they want with the musical boxes? Perhapsthe spirits know I'm fond of music. Anyhow, there's not much visible machinery here; The roll of paper is n6t .capable of doing much, I .expect; and as for the rost, it's as plain as AB C. \- He had scarcely fnishea inspecting t~he roomi when the part3yentered anid took their seats. H e looked around 'the room, and tried to examine their f aces, but this he foind 'difficulty in doing, for' all the lights were turnied out excepting bnone little candle .-.thalt was placed in the middle .6of tlhe room. In the-light it gave thle people lo'oked rather dim, but he .saw. not;hing especially striking in anyone, with the exception of a middle-aged: lady, Swhose forehead, nose: and chii formned a splendid hIalf diaimoid,;' imi.ean'. inl the shape, of course,i for there was nothing Irillihant about her ?fa.ej,' To Jack's dismaynn he was :told to sit ne~t her; the lady herself looked delighted, so ourii;hero quietly took his place.!,? '"John, horw a 6lre you, Joihn; ?9said Uncle William.' V: ery:. comfortable,thaik you? 'Yoiu've foigotten th lates, Mi. lBolair ~ ;· miediuim left the iroom, and brouightl back:two.: a ticles 'about the si:e ,of ordinary schoo0bl slates At :.one -side of them a handle nias placed::some Sthing like thoe haidle of a meat cover: On the other side, which wans pier : ·e~otlyflat, somielight absorbinimhaterii l had teen placed. The flat side!iwas : laid on the table,.: and hen: tis lid b"een donfe, . each one settledfot?ei,: seance. The candle whichm had been ;plcewd Son '.the table was now blown,;out;, Sind the room was lefi in perfect dark 'Hem, 'ham!' aid thoilady next.o; Jack; 'will you, oh:! will you let mo take hold of your ilittle'finger wit imy little flngeir hflieh he. ; SJackdaid aai hewades esd,an ldi"iso joied ;ii;i sefiin the sam l y to the: manwho sat nei'on othe othero side. 3 ? ' I doIdn't like l.thin over we.lthught Jack 'it'ssoijolly- dark thatnoting Scanibe seenf: thatfmediumor anyi of hs tuicks.E Stilla, Io got oui senses that I uan use For iabonit iamihute 'theysat in pr fct' bilico' .; Theore wa8s ol king no mamifeiationsB 'n . ' Are. i-:all sitting right?' said IThiclo William. .E ?ach.,one answered in turn around the circle. All hands were joined, the links were perfect. Still nothing. - • .I am afraid I am a bad'influence here,' thought Jack, ' especially if doubt kills ghosts.' . ' Let:us sing,' said the medium. He accordingly began, inn lowbut somewhat musical voice, one of the Spiriitualists' songs Jack could not remember much about it, except the last two lines of one of the verses, which ran something' like this: .:.' Spirit, sit thou by my side, . In the vacant chair sit.down.' : ;Jack began to feel that ther iwas 'something uncanny about the matter. After all the thought of a" ghost coming to sit by one's side is,.to say the least, anything but comforting. When they had sung two verses, music began to come from the middle of the table. Evidently the . spirit knew the tune, and :played it on the little instrument' which I ' have likened to a harp. They stopped. 'Are you there ?"' asked -the medium. A horrid chuckleo came from some where, and then a clihoking voice said, S"I'mhere. 'L et's see you,' said soine one.:. "My' word! ' thoight Jack, ' this is strong.' No soonei had the thought fleshed through .his mind than he saw 'he slate move ?oom" the tiable. Its :light appeared ecry great in the' intense dairness, 'and thus revealed any thing near., it. It came close to him, and he felt that : a light was shed on his face.: He looked steadily, then he snaw a face very:pale and ileathl3 Itmas bearded, and not unlilke the poet who his written in' such sorrowing, yet- eloquent strains about a friend who Aeft him.', The featuies: remanued distinct for about twenty .second, as did the shoulders which were' dressed in a shidud;, then the slate was laid on the :table. ' , A whisper went around. 'It is James Kent,' they said. ' Who's Jaimes Kent ?' .asked Jhack. 'The head of the spirit cirecle, was the reply. No. sooner. had this answer been given than the musical-box was wound up' and played some tunes. ' That's not up to much,' said Jack; 'it's'very poor music, and out oftimie. I think t~he spirits might give us some thing better' than '"Dare to be a Daniel," and "Only ani Armour Bearer." At any rate, they must be friends o~flMoody and Sankey.' Again the music stopped,. and he heard a squeaking, piteous voice, seemingly coming firom under the table. . -,' He's put somethin' in my eye,' said a plaintive childish'voice. '.Wh.o has ?. asked some one in the' circle: 'Uncle, was the reply. ::'.I hain't hurt her, replidd a voice, which canie evidently from a mouth that was deficient of a proper roof, 'and I shall do jusitwhat I like.' 'rWho are these ?' asked the 'young m an. . :. ' : . . .. - 'One is Laura, the ether is uncle.', .:'Evidently they know the ,spirits well,' thought Jack. ' This is i-first rate; they are meeting :old frieinds.': ' -But uncle doesnat speakp lain,' he said t aloud:. ... 'No,'lsaid the:medium. 'H..e, when alive, lost his--n ' ' Be careful what : you say about me,' said the voice., : Jack was silent. The: affair was becomn?ing tame; still, he listened at tentively and watched. "Figure after figure took ;.the ?lates and revealed: its face while voices were heard all over the room. ]But; tlhey said nothing: but f:olishness. There.was scarcely, any sense or m?an ing in annything thlint was utered.- - It is true t~hat one voice spokle of somie bod3 thit' had a swollen foot; and said that somebody else wouildn't getbtert e iunless they tried Beecham's pills.: . SWell,'s thought Jack, I can't un derstand it. And if it's tricker3, it's ,wondeirftill3 done; but I don't wondero ~that the whole thinig is discharded by senisiblie people :. This musi:t be ani awhully poor miecdium if he caii tget a bettei classof spiriits than thiese:.'s i Ai that mhomdent the lady next to hini g,.e an awfulleap. S1he lhad been giving various jerks for a long tine, but nowseli 'aliost piulled lier hanids fiomich~s and gave a shrill cry 'Anythin? the matter, ma am 'She'si developog, said medium. IDeveloping; eh? said Jack 'de 'Developva ino into' a m:-?,edium, ?va Sthe reply. .Yesa; ? ~.s?id- a Ivoice i:n .celhng. iincongealed force is coming froni , ? di? e'i'i'"do's :i gttin gto hbe a !i'm I gliad ts uncongealed, mut te !rdte younm?gI'ile the'lpartyt tittered.l~i ·.· i-' in ijad :of 9this t1iough he i fh;-'and I lleave them It ,mniab Spitia~ilismi"bt i it : ai piece o.'tomfoolery so fdiar{: fr as he was ogceined nlin hincle "'A. ?:reaht lnluence is coming near1' he cried I feel it Ali, the lower spitsi aiegoin g , let ovoryo ieemain quliet. Oome in!. come in' .: . A.nion inifluenrce pervaidedi the 'place. ivo JTack felt it.-. Every nerve in his bad3 became sensitised ,'oesaw no one enter, blu?i e li .·ti felt that sdieonei hadcim?6 wlio .iihadlter et1 tiieith liewole tiono'nof the circle . " 'I'·A great' soul ~has coeai h Silln:; Jack t:liEsrCd : aid .waat~cdhe wonderingly O TAPTrn R VIIL ATURAL o6n sPIR(ITUAL ? If it assane iny noby ' father'a prson, I'll speak, to it, thlough hcf itself should gape, And bid me iBld my peace. f. pray yonu all, If you have hilterto conlcalcd this sight, Let it be treble in your silence still; And whatsoever else shall hap tlonight, Give it an undeintandling, but no' tongue;. I will requite your loves.' \--iunear, Act .. Scene II. L And, behold n man of the company cried out, saying, Look upon my son:: for he is my only child. And, lo,. a spirit taiteth himn, anda he suddenly crieth out; and it teareth himn and he foameth again, and truising him hardly doparteth from him.'-Tas.N2?w' Tz Now, I h6pe it is understood that Jack's motives in going to this seance were pure and high. He had been troublod with a great doubt. One "of the dearest hopes of our. life was to him, almost extinct. Like, nearly' every man, he longed for proof of immortality. This longing first be gun to assert itself when he wanted to know if his father had anything to say to him before he died, and in the seeming impossibility of knowing, he began to doubt the fact of his father's existence at all. Thus the whole question was opened up. At times itr became almost a craze with him, and: it was only his common-sense that kept hiim from becoming miorbid. He had cometo the seance then - although .not believing desiroiius to know if anny message could come from the unseen world ; whetheri as ~the. Spii'itunlists boldly declare, the spiritual .world could be demonstrai;ed, and thus the crushing doubt ofl hs life could bed dispelled. Andi ~ washe satisfidd'? So far, no . it is true he could not explain what he had seen and heard, even in the light of the great skill in conjpring -:hich he had seen'the day beforo. And yet he was not sure that he had seen spirits. It seemed so absird to .ply an instrument, and knock tables and give utterance to the most childish and stupid things. It was. unworthy'the spirits of the doad. A sensible person on earth would not so degrade his intellect as to allow it to dwell on such silly things as these- so-called spirits had, been talking about.. Was it likely, then, that bouls launched into the great sea of eternity would do so ? WYould not they ,if they were allowed *to come back, have some messages of im portance to deliver ? Still there was another side. Sup posing theomedium was a fraud and a deceiver.' Supposing all that he had seen was explainable by physicial means, and that this latest spiritual wonder, which had been imnported from America or somewhere else, had played a few clever tricks in .order to get money from a few credulous fools, was it likely that he would make" it, appear that the spirits would talk such foolishness ? VWas not the great ·argument against Spiritualists 'that they advanced nothing? The :world owed no progress to it. Thus, if a medium wished- to make Spiritualism? respected, he ?vould surely try and make' the messages sensible-as sumning that the 'nessages vere the result of clever trickery. Mfight iot their explanation be the true one ? They s'aid :that every man -was surrounded by' attendant spirits, and that the higher, the nature of the man,. the higherwould be the nature of those spirits. Thus the reason of t~he low- class spirits and the foolish messages was simply .because the mediums only commanded spirits of tlre lowest elass. The great want, therefore, was a medium possessing an exalted nature, Wiho would thus be able.to command exalted'spirits. That was their enplanation, which might be plausible? ?from :their standpoint; but it :setied /as .foolish .tdo Jack as a -chilud'sstory .of the nmn in the moon. SThoughts like these ran through liis milnd during the manifestations we have sipoken about, fnd although he asked questions, and even ventured on :a.joke or two, he. wan's nevertheless butsy ii? thinking out the real purport of what he had saen. ;-As I mentioned in the las;t chapter, he .had becoine :tired of the matter, nd wa abou bbt ;to give it up' as- so niuch: fo'olishness, : when he recog nised i a znew :influence. 'Somehow the "air seemed; pepled: with new beings? H'is:: thoughts ere of a: highierh and moe exallted nature, while every neerve in his body: tingled. INot that iihe was afraid. His facul ties iwe'e sas k;ien as ever, ,and he was cool:and collected. Still he could.iot help iecognisin g a new force-a flue; subtle 'power seemed :t~io have subdued the whole .gathoiing.·. The lady next. t hliin-had evideutl;y ceased ' develop. ing, for her hands lay limp, and passi?,?and sh~e no longer made any hystoerical' mov~ements. The medium, tooceased thlking.. No one spok'b butU- rncle W'illiam, who muttered excitedly. .' ".Theroe's a doubtor here,' said a voice at length. It was low and husky, as though there was an attempt at disguising it.. :Soeveal began to disclaim iagainst such an accusation :"Speak not,.said the voice;,: pas-. sionately. '.I knowwho it is.\:. It is th one sittiing fouiith fioni me,bimy lef had . .... . ? · - : . : · , : ii '. ' ,. . . - is ! a:s~: .T is tested An. d 'k :' ?i? Ja' . emg th ona of thepiy the lot fell on I thinkit wi a: ;la,)dy,' ,went. on Jack, but whoevei spoke was per foctly .iorrect?i:. I, doubt the whole business What .Ihave seen and heard is only fit for children and silly old women. I was 'about to withdraw wheon' the lady who has called me a doubter entered. I'will do so now if you wish, but ~tll, if there is. any ting worth staying for, I. shall'be gltd to do so.' .. :.. (To bs Continued.) 