j THE SORCERESS. Br MRS. OLIPHANT, Author op "The Chronicles or Oarlinc- kord," "Whitelauies," "Adam Graeme," &0. ' All Riohts Reserved. Chatter III. It was just two daysaftor the interview in tlio wood desorili'ed nbovo that tho Kingsward party got under way for home, accompanied, I need not say, by Aubrey Loigb. Bee had not told him of that ohanco mooting, restrained I do not know by what indefinite feeling, that he would not caro to bear of it, and also by tho sensation tnac sue uau as goou as ioiu cue may, wno was so very disagreeable ' and Impertinent aB to laugh, what change had taken plaoe in Aubrey's soiitimonts, and what sho had ncisolf to do with that change. It was bo Billy ; oh, so silly of hor I and yot sho had said nothing or next to nothing; and there was no reason why she should not havo said whatever she pleased, now that the engagement waB fully acknowledged and known ; indeed, if that woman wore in any society at all sho must have hoard of it, seeing, that, as Bee was aware, not without pleasure, it had afforded a very agreonblo diversion to tlio floating community, a pleasant episodo in the tittle-tattle of tho gardens and the walls. Bee bad no absurd objeotion to being talked of. She knew that in hor condition of lifo, whioh was so cntiroly satlsiaotory as a condition, everything tlmt conoorned a family was talked ovor and universally known. It was a thing inevitablo to1 a certain position, and ft duo liomngo of sooicty to Its mombcrs. But somehow slio did nob men tion it to Aubroy, nor, indeed, to anyone, which was a very unusual amount of rotioonco. She did not ovon givo him the sketch, though it was finished. Sho had been quite grateful for tliat: person's hints at tho'time, and esgorly had taken advantage of thom to improve hor drawing ; but it seemed to hor, when sho looked at it now, that it. was not her own at all, that tlio other hand was so visible in it that it would ho almost dishonost to oall it hers. This, of course, was wholly fautastio, for even supposing that parson to liavo given valuablo hints, sho had never touohed-tho skatoli, nnd Bee alono had carried them out. But, anyhow, hor heart sickened at It, and slio thrust it away at the vory bottom' of tho box that Moulsey was poking. Shu had no dosire to seo tho horrid thing again. In n, day or two, however, Bee had altogether forgotten tlmt interview in tho wood. She had so many other things to occupy her mind. There wero few railways in thoso days, .and the party had ft long way to travel before they onino; to Cologne, where tlmt method of travelling began. Thoy nil felt that common life would, rh-commenoa there, and their delightful wander ing would bo over. - In the meantime, tliero was' Along iutervnl of pleasure boforc thom. Tlio early breakfast at the hotel in the first hours' of tho autumnal; morning, tho f un of packing every ono away in. tho big coaob, the .books to be brought out to fill up . corners, both of timo nnd Bpaoe, and Murray, then alone in his glory with no compotitivo Amorican, no Bndnokor,'no Joanno to share his roign, spread out open at the right place, so that mamma insido should be nblo to lay her finger at once upon any village or castle that struok her — and above all tho contrivances to be carried out for seouring the banquette, as Bee said " for ourselves," made a lively beginning. Charlie and Betty sometimes managed to scoure this fnvorito place, if tho attention of the others fiscsed for a moment. and though mamma gonorally interposed with a nod or a whisper to restoro it to tho privileged pair.'BomctUnes oho was mischievous too, and consented to' their deprivation, and desired thom for once to keep her company inside. She generally, however, reponted of this before' tho day was ovbr,' aiid begged that their favorite Beat might bo restored to thom. ' For thoy are really no fun at all," tho poor lady said. "I might as well -have 'too images from Madame Tnssaud's." ' . It had beon a little' hard' upon Aubrey at the moment of their departure to find half the garrison round the carriage, and bouquets onougli to fill a separate vehicle thrust into overy eorner, tho homago of those warriors to the gracious ladies. He had been very cross, nnd had mado a groat exhibition of himsolf, especially when Captain - Kreutzner's faggot of forgat-mo-nots, tied with a ribbon like that on Bcq'b hat, had beon presented with indescrib able looks. What did the fellow mean by bringing -forget-me- nots? Ho wantad to pitch it out of tho window as soon as thoy wero fairly started.' . ' ' "What an idiotio oustom !" ho cried.' "IVliatdotho fools think you want with suoh loads of flowers,' when you are starting- on a journey?" ' . 'I "Why, Wis just thon you do want - thorn," oried Betty, who had a dozen or so to hor own share, " to smell swoet and show us how muoh our friends think of us." n.' "They will not smell sweet vory long, and then what will 'your' friends think of you '!" said the angry. lover. . ' : ' Was it possible that Bee was detaching a littlo knot of tho bine flowers to. put in lier waist band? £cc, Bke 1 hiB'own property, who had no right ;so muoh as" to ! look at another man's flowers 1 'And what did she do', seeing tho cloud upon. his. face,' but arrange another littlo bouquet, which,' with her aweeteet smile— tho littlo coquette— sho ondeavorcd ' to put into his (Aubroy's) bnttonholo ! Ho snatchod them out of:hor hand in a sort of fury. "Do you want me : never to forget that lioavy brute of a Gorman ? he oried, m his indignation. "You may jrat him near your heart, but I should liko to ,kiok him 1" Those very natural BontimentB made- Bee laugh — which was cruel; but then poor Captnin Kreutzner had' been blotted out ol' tier life sbmo time ago, and know his fate, and had really no right whatavor to present hor with theso particular flowers. His lovely bouquet with its blue ribbon was 'given to a girl in the first village, and awakened the still more furious jealousy of another swain who was loss easily appeased than Aubroy ; but this rioooliot was not thought of by tho first and principal pair. There was not, perhaps, so many remarkable features. In that journey as if it- bad' boon through' Italy. There were great plains to traverso, where tho ohief sights wore cottages and farmhouses, women going by with great loads of freshly out grass full of flowers ' on thoir hends, foddor for tho homo dwelling cow er men carrying their hops clinging to the pole, to bo picked at homo, or -long straggling branches of tho tobacoo plant ; and in tho ovon- ing tho postilion would whip up his horsosj and pharlio in tlio banquette, or John, tho man servant, in tho rumblo, tootle upon a liorn, which the formor had acquired clandestinely before tho party sot out— as they dashed through a villngo or littlo town with lighted windows, affording tlicm many a flying peep of tho domestio life of those tranquil places. And in the middlo of the day thoy stopped to rost somo- whero, whore tho invariable veal was to bo found at.some guost houso a little better than the ordinary, whoro perhaps a bigger villago stood with all its high poaked roofs aoross a littlo tranquil Btrcnm ; and at night rattled into an old wollod town with Bliadowy higli houses whioh belonged to tho fourteenth century, and had not ohanged a whit sinoo that time. There they stayed a day or two; varying the confinement of thecoaoh by a oourso through everything that was to be soon, setting out in a party through tile roughly pavod stroots, but larting company beforo long, so that Aubrey and lac would find themselves alone in the shelter of a ohuroh or in an insignificant corner by tho walls, whilo the others pursued thoir sightseeing conscientiously. " As forme, what I like isthegoncral aspoot," said Bee, with an air of superiority. "I don't care to poke into ovory corner ; anil Aubroy knows tile history, which is the oliiof tiling." " Arc they talking all tho timo of tho his tory ?" said Botty, overawed. Bnt this, perhaps, was not tho opinion of Oharlio and mamma. No; thoy did not oaro very much for tho history. People are had travellers in that stago of life. They are too muoh interested in their own history. They went about liko a pair of Philistines through all these ancient Btroets, talking of nothing but tlio things of to-day. Tho most serious part of . their talk was about the homo in tho depths of England in whioh thoy were henocforth to spend their lives. Aubrey had ideas about refurnishing — about making everything now. It would bo impossible to tell tlio reader how bad was the taste of tho timo, and with what terrible artiolcs of furniture he proposed to roplnoo the spindle legs and marquetry of his grandfathers. But then those things wero tho fashion, and sup posed to bo tho host things of the time. To hear them talking of sofas and curtains, and of the color for the boudoir and the hangings of tlio drawingroom in the midst of all those craooful old placos, was inconceivable, you would liavo said, tho stupidest, unimpressionable pair, talking of ugly modorn English furniture, when tlu-y should havo been noting tlio old world of Nurcmburg — the unchanging modi.-eval city. But you must remembor that the furniture was only a symbol for tlieir love and their now life, and all tho blessedness of being together, and tho endless delights of every day. The sofas and the curtains meant the Vita Nuova, and tho refurnishing of the old Iioubo a beautiful fabric of all tho honor and the joy of life. Thon oamo the great river and the progress down its shining stream, and botwe'en tliosa beautiful banks, whore again tlioy.made several pauses to enjoy tlio scenery. The. Rhino is not now tho river it-wds then. It was' still the great river of romanoo in those days — Byron had been tliero, and the young people remembered Roland and his tower, wi th bis lovo ill tho wliito convent opposite ; and felt a shudder at the thought of the Lorelei as they floated under tlio high and gloomy bank. I doubt, however, whether the lovers thought much ovon of theso tilings. Thoy wore busy just .now about tho gardens, whioh Bee was fully minded to remodel and fill with everything, that was new and delightful in.tho way of flowers. " I shall have masses of color about the torracc, and every Bpot covered. I wonder which you like boat, majolica vasos or rustio baskets?" ' Bee was Baying when her mother called lier to ;poinb out the Flutz and Bishop Hatto'n tower. Oh yes mammn, it's very pretty. . Bat yon liko clematis, Aubrey, for tho balustrade — to wind in and out of, the pillars. : Yes, yes; I can see. it well enough. I liko. every kind of clematis, ovon the common one, the traveller's joy— and it would hang down you know, over that old bit of. wail you told- me of. Do go forward; Aubrey, . and let them see you are taking an interest. : I do see it all quite well, and it is very romnntio, and wo aro quite en joying it I can assnro you mamma," ThiB wob how they made their way down afrnnm in flin mnnnliirlif. nifflifs nr<flt>or7 f.n talk of praotiaal matters, and went back to the little history of tboir lovo; " Do you.romember,..Bee, that first time in the wood " ' ' . " Oh, Aubroy,- don't yon -recollect that drive ooming back in tho dark— beforo I know "But you always did kuow from tho. vory beginning, Boo ?" ; ""Well, perhaps I suspected— and. used to think—'—" . 1 " "You darling, what didyou think?— and did you really care— as oiivly. as that ?" They went on like this whatever happened outside, giving a careless glance at the heights, at tho towers, at the robbers', castle above and the little villages, below' ;'.not Vo. muoh' As lookipg at them and yet remembering them : over, after, onolosing the flow of their . young livos, as it wero, in that strong; flowing of tiibRhine,' noting nothing and yot : seeing everything, with the double sight. which people possess at the highest moment and crisis 'of their career. . They oame at longth ' to Oologne,' where this ' enchanted voyage was moro or less to ond. To be sure, tliey wore still to be together; but only in the railway, with all the others round thorn, hearing more or. loss what thoy said. They said good bye to tho Rhino with a littlo sehtimont, a delightful littlo sadness full of pleasure. " Shall wo ever'bo so happy again?" said Bos, with a sigh. " Oh yos, my sweet, ahundrcd times, ond hap pier, and happier," aaid the young man; and thus thoy were assured it was to bo. I don't think any of thom ever forgot that arrival at Cologne. Thoy came into sight of the town just in tlio evening, wlion tlie last glow of sunsot was still burning upon tlio great river, but lights were boginniuglto show in the windows and glimmering reflected in the water. The cathedral was not completed then, and a ernne liko somo strange weird nnimal stood out against tlio sky upon tho top of tlio tower. Tho hotel to which thoy wero going had a covered torraoo upon the river with lights gleaming through the green leaves. Tbcy deoided they would have thoir table there, and dine with all that dark- ling panorama before their eyes through tue veil of tlio foliage, tho glowing water, the boats movingand passing, with nowandthon a raft com ing down from tlio upper stream, and tho bridge of boats opening ; to, givo ' passage to afumlng, fretting steamboat." Aubrey' and' Bee wont hand in li'and up the1 ste'pV;' nobody noticed in tho half dark how close thoy word together; Thoy parted with o closo. pressure .of warm, hands. "Don't be long,,' darling," 'lie said, as tlioy parted; only' for a'mbmont,. only,- to prepare a littlo for tho cvonihg, to blip iiito -a, fresh dross, to tako out a now, ribbon, to. mnk'e one's yo.utli- fui self as fair ns such unnecessary adjunots per mitted.! ' < For what did Aubroy oare for a now ribbon ? Tbe only bluo he thought of was that inBeo's eyes..'- ' I do not think alio was mora than 10 minutes over thoso littlo oliangos. Sho drosscd liko a flash of lightning, Botty aaid; who oould not find hor own things half bo qulokly, Moulsey being occupied :with mamma, . Suoh-a'shdrt moment not worth counting 1 and jrot onougli, more than enough; to ohango a whole life. Boo ran down ns light as nir to. tho sitting room whioh had been engaged- for the party. She folt sure that Aubroy would lmrry, too, so 'as to liavo a word boforo dinner, boforo tho rest wore ready— as if the whole day had not; boon one long word, running through everything. She came lightly to thb door of the room in her fresh frock and her blue .ribbons, walking on air, knowing no shadow of any bbstnolq before her or olond upon tlio- joyful triumphant sky. She did not even hear tho.sound of the subdued voicos, the faint little sob strangest of all'sounds at shell' a' moment, whioh seemed to como out to meot her as she opened the door. Bco opened it wondering only if Aubroy wero there, think ing of some jibe to address to him about the length of timo men took to their toiiettos if she ; happened to-be ready first. Slio was vory much startled by what "she sow. : Hor motlior, still in lier travolhng dress; sat by' the table with a letter open in her hands. - Sho liad not mado any preparation for dinner— she, usually so dainty, so anxious to got rid of tho olonks and of tho soils of tho journey. She bad- taken off hor hat, whioh lay on the tablo, but: was still enveloped in the Bhawl whioh she had put on to keep off -tho ovoning chills. As for Aubroy, lie was oxactly a3 ho had been , when thoy qiarted with him, except that all tlio. light- had gone out of his face. Ho was very pale, ' and he too had a letter in Iub hand. He uttered a stifled exclamation when he saw Bco at tho door, and lifting his nrmB as though in protost against something intolerable, walked away to tho other end of the room. " Oh, Bee," said Mrs. Kingsward, "Oil, go away, my dear, go t way I I moan — Get some thing to oat, you and Olinrlie, and Betty, and -then got to bed. Get to bed ! I am too tired to take anything, and I am going uxiatalrs at once." ' "I thought -you had been upstairs, mamma, half an hour ago. What is tho matter ? Yon look liko. a ghost, and so docs Aubrey. Has anything happened ? Mainma, you won't look at me, and Aubrey tnrns his baok. Wbat havo I done ? Is it anything about mo?" . "What nonsense, ohlldi" said Mrs. Kings- ward with a pretence at a smile. "What could you havo to do with it? Wo havo both — Mr. Loigh and. myself— found letters, and we are busv readincr them. I am nnrn the dinner must be served. Wo ordered it in tho balcony, .don't you remembor? Run away and make Charlie and Botty sit down at onoo. I am too: tirod. Moulsey will run down in a little and get something for me. 'I " Mamma," said Bee, " yon cannot mako up a story. Something has-happened, I am sure of: it ; and it is something about mo." Nonsonsc, oliild ! go. awqy and have your dinner. I would como if I ' could. '; Don't you see what a budget of letters I have got ? and some of them I must answer to-night." . . "Have you- letters too, Aubrey V" said Bee in her amazement, standing Btill as she had pansed, arrested by the sight of them, just within the door. "Boe, I must beg you will not put any questions; go and do what I tell you; your brother and Bister will be coming downstairs. Yos, of course; you can soo that Mr. Leigh has -his letters to road as well as I." " Mr. Leigh 1 I wonder if we havo all' gone mad, or what is the matter? Aubrey 1 tell me, you at least, if mamma won't. You must have had a quarrol. Mamma, why do you call him Mr. Leigh ?" " Oh, for goodnoss sake. Bee, go, go away." " I am not going away, cried the girl. You liavo had a quarrel about something. Come, mammn, : you must not quarrel with Aubrey— if he has done somethibg.wrobg or said something silly, I will answer for him, he never intended it. Aabrcy, what do you mean, sir, tnrning your back both on mamma and no ? Come horo, quiok, and nsk hor pardon, and Bay you will never do it again," Poor littlo Bee's heart was fluttering, but she would not allow, herself to believe thoro was anything roally wrong. Sho wont oloso up to hor mother, and stood by lier, with a hand upon her shoulder. "Aubroy," sho said, "novor mind if you are wrong or nob, come and beg mamma's pardon,, and she will -forgive you. Thoro must not — thoro must not — oh, it Is too ridionlous— bo anything wrong between mamma and you. Aubrey !" " ; with a face so pale that Bee stopped short with a gasp, and could not say -a word more. -Mrs. Kingsward hail biiriod her faco in'-her hands. Bee looked from one to another with a dismay whioh she could' not explain to herself. "Oh, what is the matter? : "what is the matter ?" she said.' . ' : -Chatter iv, - -There .was no.merry dinner that night in the verandah of the hotel under the clinging wreaths of green. Mrs. Kingsward went up to her room still with her heavy shawl about ner shoulders which she had forgotten, though it added some thing to her discomfort— followed by Boe, pale and rigid, offering no help, following hor'mothcr like au angry shadow. Charlie and Botty met thom on tho stairs and stood aside in consterna tion, unable to conceive what had happened. Mrs. Kingsward gave them a sort -of troubled smile and said " Get your dinner, doars, don't wait for us. I am too tirod to oome down to night." "But, mamma " they both began in remonstranco; " Go down, and ; get your dinner," said, Mrs. Kingsward, peremptorily. As for Bee she did not look at. thorn at all. . Her eyes were fierco with some- sentiment whiah Betty could not divine, and angry,, blazing, as if they might have set -light to the- hotel. Littlo Betty pressed against Charlie's side as.tboy went down startled and alarmed. " Bee has had a quarrol with mamma," she whispered in tones of awo. " That's , impossible," said Charlie. " Oil, no, it's not impossible. : There was onoo — — It comforted thom both a littlo in tho awful oironmBtanoos that such a thing had perhaps happened before. Thoy went very Bilently and muoh east down to that table in tho vorandah, whither obsequious waiters bcokoncd thom and contemplated with dismay all tho plates laid, all the glitter of the lamps and tho glasses. " I suppose wo must not wait for thom as thoy said so," said Charlie, sitting down in liis ploco at tho bottom of tho table. "Toll Mr. Leigh— that is tho other gehtloman— that we are ready." " The other gentleman, sir," said the.waiter, who was tlio prido of tho "ostablishmont for his English, "have gone out."; "Gone out," said Oharlio. Ho -oould only stara ' at Betty and she ' at him, not knowing what to think. "He havo had his -lettora too, sir," said' the waiter in a significant tone- ' His letters I what oould that liavo to do witli it? Charlie also had had his letters, one of them n hill wliioh he: did not viow with any satisfaction; but- ovon at 21 a man 'already learns to disguise his feeling's',; and sits down to dinner chaorfuiiy though' -lie has received a bill by tlio past. Olinf lie's mind at first oould not pcrocivo any connection between Bee's with drawal upstairs and Aubrey's disappearance. It wasBetty who suggested, sitting down-vory oloao to him, that it looked as if Aubrey and Bee had quarrelled, too. - "Perhaps that is what it is,". alio said, as if sho liad found but a satisfactory reason, " lovors always quarrol; and mamma will have taken Aubroy's part, and Bee will be ad angry and feel as if she could never forgive bim. Thoro, "that is what It must' be."- i ".A man may quarrel .with his'-sweetheart,'.' said Oharlio severely, "but lib needn't' spoil other peoiilo's dinner for that.;" however; they oomfort'ed: themselves; that/this was .the imast likely, explanation,: and ; that alllwould bomb right in - the morning: .> And they -ware vory young and hungry, having, oaten nothing 'slnoe tlio veal at 1 o'clock.. ' And -theso" two made on the whole a very satisfactory .meal: C ; - 1 " > Tlio.seono upstairs was'vhry, different. Mrs. Kingsward sent Moiilsoy away on pretenoo of Betting hor some tea, nnd then turned to her daughter who stood hy tlie dressing tablo arid stared blankly, without seeing anything, into those-myaterioua depths of. the glass which are I0( suggestive to' people in trouble., She said faintly, - " Bee— I would so much rather you would not ask mo any more Questions to night!"- "That is," said Bee, "you would like to send the away to be miserabla by myself without even knowing what it in, while you will take your sleeping draught and forget it. How cau you be bo selfish, mamma? And you have made my Aubrey join in the conspiracy against me — my Aubrey that belongs to me oa papa does to you. If you are against .us it is ait very well, though I can't imagine why you should be against us — but at least you need not interfere between Aubrey and me." Oh, my dear child, my poor darling !" said Mr. Eingsward, wringing her hands. " It U all very well tot call me your poor child when it is you that are making me poor," said Bee. She kept moving a little first on one foot then on the other, but always gazing into the glass which presented the . image of an excited girl very pale but lit up with a sort of blaze of in dignation and unable to keep still. It was not that girl's face, however, that Bee was gazing' at, but at the dim world of space beyond, in; which there were faint far away reflections of the light and the world. "And if you think you will get rid of me like this and bang me up till to-morrow without knowing what it in, vnn are mistaken, mamma. I will not leave you until you have told inc. "What is it? What has papa got in bis bead.. What does be say in that horrid — horrid letter? I wish I had known when I gave It to you. I should have thrown it Into the river, instead of ever letting it come into your- hands." ; "Bee, you must know this passion is very wrong and very improper. . You . ought uot to face mo like that and demand nn answer. I am your mother," said Mrs. Eingsward, but with a falter which was all unlike that assumption of authority and I havo no need to tell you any thing more tban I think is for yoar good." "'A.h ! I know where that comes from," cried Bee; "that's papa's thunder (that's what he has told you to say ! You don't believe your- self that you havo, a right to bang up a poor girl over some dreadful, dreadful abyss ; when she was so happy and never suspected anything." Here Bee's.voice faltered for a moment, but she quickly recovered herself. "And to drag her awAy from the one person that could support her, and to cut the ground from under her feet and never to tell her what it means." It was at thih point that Moulscy, with a little discreet cough to herald berapproaeb, oame into the room, bearing. a tray with tea and a little cover, from which came a feint but agreeable odor. Mrs. Eingsward was in great troublo about her child, but she' was muoh exhausted and in want of physical support, and it did seem to her hard that she might not bo permitted to eat tho smallest of cutlets before embarking on A Mtnnp niinlt Aa Iia linato fhia wnnlrl lia. Hli why didn't papa come and say it himsulf, when there was so much that was dreadful to say ? . " Shall I fetch something for Miss Bee, too? said Moulsey. "It ain't a good thing for a young creature to go without her dinner. If she's not going down, ma'am, as would be much the best,. I'll just run and fetch a little some thing for Miss Bee, too." "Indeed, indeed, Bee, Moulsey is right. Think'how.mifteiablo the others .will feel all alone and thinking; something has happened. Do go down, darling, and strengthen yourself with a little food, and take a glass of wine just for once to please me. And after that you shall be told everything — all that I know." Btfo grew paler and paler, standing there be fore the glass, and her oyes blazed more and more. "It is as bad as that,; then 1" she Raid under her breath to herself,, and then went away from where she was standing to the fur-, ther end of.tho room. "I shall wait here, m&mnja;, until you have, had your tea, I know, you want it. Oil, go away, Mousley 1 Let. mo alono ! No, you shall nobbring mo anything ! or, if you do, I wilLthrow it out of the window," sho said, stamping her foot. The dark end of tho room seemed suddenly lighted up by a sort of aurora boroalis with the fire of poor Bee's burning eyes, And the flashes here and there of her white frock— oh poor white frook 1 put on in the sunshine of life and happiness to plenso her lo vol and now turned into a sort of sacri- floial robe. "Take it away, Mousloy; I can't eat any thing — I can't indeed— ho more than Miss Bee—" \ " But you - must, ma'am," said Mousloy. "Miss Bee's young ; she's- bad nothing to drain away hor-strength. But it's far different with you,- After all your family, and so weak as you are. - If Miss Bee were a real' good girl, as I always thought tier, she'd go away and get something herself, just for her poor mamma's sake, and lea vo you- alono for a moment to get a little pence and rest." "Thero is no rest for me," murmured the poor lady. "Oh, papa, papa, why didn't you come and tell them- yourself V Those piteous tones went to Bee's heart They moved- her. half with- contempt, half with compassion — with something of that high in dignant toleration of weakness which is one kind of pity. If mamma could oat and drink at suoli a moment, why shouldn't she bo left to do It ? The girl started up and left tho room in the quiok flashing impulse of hor passion. She walked-up and dowu in the oorridor outside, hor arms folded over her higlh. beating, tumultuous heart. Yes, uo doubt she was going- to be miserable, . nil her happiness: was out down and withered away. but in her present passionate impulso of resistance and gathering of all her forces .to resist tho. catastrophe, which slio did not understand, It could scarcely .be said, that alio "was: wretched' yoti ."What was it? what was it ? sho was saying to hersolf. It might still be something that would. pass away, which would bo overcome by . the. determined impassioned stand . agaiuHt, it.wbioli Bco folk that it was in her to make. The thing that was worst of all, tliab". stole, away hor coiirage, was that Aubrey hnd failed her. H&Bhould; havo been there by lier side whntcvor bappenod. Ho ought, not to havo abandoned hor. No doubt ho thought It: was moro delicate, more honorable, more something or other; and tli&t; it was his duty to leavo her. to bravo it alono. It must havo been one of thoso high flown notions of honor that men have. Houor 1 to leave a girl to fight for horsolf and him, alone— but, no doubt, that wab what bad seemed right in his eyes. Bee walked up and down in tho half lighted, passage, sometimes almost pushing against someone going up or down, waiters or chambermaids, or surprised guests, who looked efter lier when sho had passed ; but she did not take any notice of tlicm, and she hoard as she passed her mother's door, little sounds of tea- cups and dishos, and Moulsoy's voice saying "a little moro," and ber mother's faint replies. Poor inamnia 1 Aftor nil whatovor it was, it could : not bo her affair as it was Bee's. She would be unhappy about it, but not all unhappy. She hod the others, who were all right. She had papa. It would not shatter hor to pieces, even if one of the. children was to be ship wrecked. It was the shipwrecked ono only who Would ho broken to pieces. For tho first time in hor life Bee felt the poignant sensation, the Jealous prido, the high desolato satisfaction of1 Buffering ; the others oould all eat, and do the ordinary things. She waselcvatedover all that, bilent as on a Peak in Darien. She felt almost % kind, of dreadful . pleasure in the situation. smiling, to herself at the sounds of her mother's little meal She could dine while Bee was miserable. They could all diue, Charlie (which waaiuatvirol), Betty, even Aubrey. She had no doubt that he, too, must be seated feeling, as a man does, that dinner must go on whatever happens, at & table down stairs. After a while, which seemed a long time to Bee, Moulsey came out with a tray. Sho was startled, and exclaimed under ber breath at the appearance of the girl walking up and down in the corridor : "I did thiukyou would have had the sense to go and join the others, Miss Bee." Bee was too much uplifted, too distant on ber high pinnacle of martyrdom, to make any reply, but when Moulsey ventured to add a word of advice to the effect that she must be careful of lier mamma, and not weary her with questions, and she so tired aud so weak, the girl flashed forth all her heart of indignation. "She has eaten her outlet, it appears," cried Bee. "I should thiuk she may answer ray questions." " Oh," oried the maid, who had the privileges of au old servant, ".You have got a heart with out pity. You are just like your papa 1" Bee b wept past her into the room, where poor Mrs. Eingsward, who after all had eaten but a morsel, sat lying-back in an easy chair await ing the dreadful conflict which she knew was coming. Poor lady, she bad lost all ber bright ness, that pretty grace of the young mother nmnniT hop nrnivn nn nliiMt-An whinli nrnmntnrl so many compliments. She Jay back in her easy ohoir, feeling as she said " auy nge" — as old as auy woman on the edge of the grave, not know ing how sho was to bear the onslaught that was ooming, and how she was to say what had to be said; He had borne it far better thnu Bee, poor Aubrey, poor Aubrey 1 whom she must not call Aubrey any more. He had uot donicd any thing, he had fallen, as it were, at her feot like a house that had been undermined nnd bad no sound foundations ; but Bee wn9 different. Bee was a tower that had foundations— a girl that was able to stand up even to' papa; aud why, why had. ho not come to give forth his sentence in his own way ? ' Bco came forward flashing into tho light, in that white frook which shono, and with those eyes that blazed through all the neutral tints in the room. She did not sit down, which would havo been a little relief, but -seized a chair and stood with her hand upon tho back, leaning upon it. " I hope, mamma," she said, pitilessly, " that you liked your tea nnd ate something, and that you nro better now." " Oh, Bee I" cried the poor lady. "If there is one reproach more dreadful than another it is this, of being able to cat when you ought to be overwhelmed with trouble." Mrs. Eingsward oould scarcely keep from orying at the imputa tion. And Bee, I fear, knew that it was the unkimlest thing that oould be said. "Now, mamma," she resumed, almost stonily, "it is timo that you should tell me wuub una iitt|>)mivUi »» « iirnveu iiurw nil i|imo happy— it is just an hour ago- — " Here Bee's voice shook a little, but she commanded it with an effort. "I ran up to dress for dinner, and j when I came back in about 10 minutes ' 1 1 found yon and Aubrey— with your letters— look- j ingasif you hnd -both been dead and buried whila I was away. You wouldn't answer me, and he never said a word. You hnd dono some thing to him in that little time to make him turn away from mo; and yet you will not tell me what it is, Here I nm alone," said Bee, onco more with a quiver in lier voice; "Aubrey ought to bo standing by me. I suppose ho is having his dinuer downstairs, too, and thinking no more of me. I just stand alone, nobody caring in all the world. What is the meaning of it, mamma?" " Bee, you arc very hard npon me. And poor Aubrey, ho- is having no dinner, of that I am sure." " You called him Mr. Leigh downstairs." " So I did, and so I must, and all of us ; but I cannot have yon speaking of him like that,, poor, poor, follow; and just for this oncb— ;Ob,'Bec, my darling, don't-stand arid look at' me so. I would rather havo died than say it cither to him or to you? Your papa has been hear ing I don't know what ; and he has changed his mind about Mr. Leigh altogether, and says that it must not be." " What must not be?" " Oh, Bee ! Oh, don't t&ko; it so hard 1 Don't look like that ! Your— your— engagement, my darling. Havo patience ; oh, have patience 1 He had heard something. Men hear things that wo would never bear. And he doesn't deny it, Bee. Oh, ho doesn't deny it I had a hopo that ho would contradict it at once, and flare up in a. rage like you, and say.it wasn't truo. But he doesn't deny it-poor boy, poor boy 1 And' after that how can I say one word to papa 1" iuy engagement r . Bam jjcq, in a noarso voice. Sliu hnd been staring at her mother as in a droam— only partially hearing, not under- standing'at all tho rest that was said. "My engagement? He gnvo his consent. It was aU settled. You would not. allow us till tho lottor came, but then it was consent." " Yes, yes, dear. That wns at first. . Ho con sented at first becauso — and now it appears he bos heard something ; some one lias oalled upon him — lie lias discovered ; and ho writes to me that it must ho broken oil. Oil, Bee, don't think my heart doesn't bleed for you. I think it will 1 kill mo. Ho says it must bo broken off at I onco."' ! "Who says so?" said Boo in lier passion. ; " Ho ! Ono would think you wero speaking of j God— that can say 'Yes to-day nnd 'No to morrow, and build tilings up and then snatch tlicm down. But I will not havo it ! I am uot a doll; to be put in ono position and: tlion in another, as anybody pleases. My engagement ! It is mine ; it is not ids." "Bco, think ; it is papa you are speaking of. Doar, I fool for you — I fool for you 1 but so does ho. Ob,, my darling, you don't lmow what jrou nro sayiiig. Do you think bo would do anything to mako you unhappy if lie could help it — your papa, Bee, who has been so good to you all your life'?" "I do not enro howgood.ho hns boon. Ho is not good now. How will it harm him ? He sits at homo, and lie thinks he can do as ho pleases. But not with. me. It is my affair more than it is his. Ho thinkB he can break his word, and it doosn't matter— hut I have given my word, and it doos matter. Break my engngemont 1" oricd Bee, her young bosom swolliug, tho sob rising in lier throat that would soon olioko hor yoioe. " It is initio nnd not his ; aud nobody in the world shall break it. You can toll him so, mamma, or I will writo myself and toll him so. I am not a wax image to take auy shape ho pioasos. Who is he ? Ho is not God——" " Beo— lie is your father " " Oli, my father I Yos, I do whaiovor ho tolls me. If ho says I am to fetoli anything I run like a little dog. I have nover beeu disobedient. But this— this is different. I am not a child any longer. . And mamma i not for him nor for any ono— not oven for you will: I take baok my word,". ... "Beo I yon, mako mo sny o great deal moro than I meant to say, ; I thought you would havo been a good ohild aud seon that papa must know beBt, : My( poor, poor little girl, there is worso behind. Mr. Leigh, whom wo all thought so muoh of — " "Aubrey," Bos managed to say, though for mother word oould sho command hor voice. . " Darling; lie has deceivod: us. He is not what beseems. He: has dono, oh, so wrong— thero have been things — that you ought never to hear " " Stop !" said Bee. Sho had to speak in monosyllables'wrth her laboring breath. " Wait I — not — not behind his back." She rushed to the bell and rung it so wildly that both wniter and chamber maid appeared in alarm, with Moulsoy rushing in calling for a doctor, and that lier lady was going to faint. Beo pushed the woman aaidoaiidturnodtothowaitor.whostood anxiously at the door. "Mr. Leigh .1" sho cried impa tiently, "tho gentleman— who was with us ; tell him — to come here." "The tall young gentleman?" said the waiter. " Ho— the other ; tell him he is to come hero — instantly — this moment." "I beg your pardon- miss," said the man. " The other gentleman ? He have been gono away this half hour.'! " Gono away 1" sho oried. And it seemed to Bee that the blackness of darkness oloscd over her and the room and everything in it. Sho did not faint, oh no, no suoli happiness !. but every thing grew dark, and through thn dark she heard her own voice speaking, spooking, and did not know what sho said. to ue continued. 