«.... ... ; -<-. p:::"v i m. y :. . , Never a wink could He' sleep,' tho food stuck in his throat ; but ho scut a lotter to Kiauo, and about tho time when, the Bteamer would bo coming rode down bo side the cliff of tlie tombs. It rained ; his horse went'heavily ; he looked up at thi black mouth of cavoa and he envied tho dead that Blopt there and wore done with troublo, and called to mind how ho had galloped by the day bofore. and was astonished. So he came down to Hookmiu, and there was all the country gathered for tho stoamer, OB usual. In the shod before tho store they sat and jested and passed : tho nows ; but there waa no matter; of speech in Keawe's boRom, and , he sat in their midst and looked without ou the rain falling on the houses and the surf beating among tho rocks, and the sighs ? arose in his throat " Keawe, of tho Bright House, isoutof spirits," said one to another. Indeed, and so ho was, and little , wonder. . -, - , Thou the Hall came and the whaleboat carried him on board. Tho after part of \- tho Bhip was full of Huoles-whites-who had boon to visit the volcano, as their custom is, and tho midst was crowded "with Kanakas, and the fore part with wild- bulls from Hilo and horses from : V 3fnu > hut Keawe set apart from all in his sorrow, and watched for the house of Kiauo. There it'snt low upon the shore in the black rooks and shaded' by the copoa palms, apd there by tho door was u rod holoku, no greater than a fly, and going to and fro with a fly's, business.i ** Ah, quoen of niy hoarfc," he cried, "I ? will venture my duar soul to win you 1" Soon after darkness fell and the cabins were lit up, and the H'uolos sat and played at thu cards and drank whisky, as their oustom is ; but Ken wu walked tho deck all night, and all the next day, as. they steamed under tholoo of Maui or of Molo . kai, he waa still pacing to and fro like a '? . wild animal in a menagerie. Toward evening they passed Diamond . Head and came to the pier of Honolulu. ? Keawe stepped obt among tho crowd and began to ask for Lopaka. It seemed he bad become .the owner of a schooner, none better in the islands, and was gone ' upon an adventure as far as Pola- Fola or ' Kuhika ; so there was no holp to bo looked for from Topaka. Keawe called to mind a friend of .his, a lawyer in the town (I must not tell his name), and inquired of him j they said he had grown suddenly rich and had a fine now house upon Waikiki shore ; and this put a thought in Keawo'a head, and he called a hack and drove to tho lawyer's house. ?... The." house was all brand new, und tho ' - trees in the gardon no groator than walk ' ing sticko, and tho lawyor (when he came) ... . had the air of a man well nloased. ; "'.What can I do to servo you?" Haid tho la'wy'or. v " You are a friend of Lopaka's,", replied Keawo, " arid Lopaka purchased from mo a'certain piece of goods that I thought you might enable me to truce." ? V The lawyer's-, face became very dark. " 1' do not profeas'to misunderstand you, Mr. Keawe," said he, " though thia ia an ugly business to bo atirring in. You may bo sure I know nothing, butyot I hnvo a guess ; and .if you would apply in a oor tatn quarter, I think you might haye Kïflwa." And ho named the name of a man, . which again I had bettor not repeat. So ' ' it was for days ¡ and Keawo went from ono to another, finding evorywhoro now clothes and-carriages, and (Ino new houses and mon everywhere in great oontent tijjut i although (to bo euro) «hou ka hinted at his business, their facoa would cloud over. " Ko doubt, I am upon tho track " thought Keawe. "These new clothes and carriages are all the gifts of the little imp, and these glad faces are the faces of men who have taken their profit and got rid of the accursed tiling iii safety. When I see palo cheeks and hear sighing, I shall know that I am near tho bottle." So it befell a", last 'hat he was recom mended to a Haole in Beritania street. When he same to tho door, about tho hour of the evening meal, there were tho usual marks of a new house, and the young garden, and the electric lights shilling in the window ; but when the owner came a shock nf hope and fear ran through Keawe. For hero was a young man, white as a corpse, and black about tho eyes, the hair shedding from his head and such a look in his countenance as a mau may have when ho is waiting for the gallows. " Hero it is, to be sure," thought Kea we ; and so with this man ho nowa3-s veiled bia arrana. '* I como to buy the bottle," said he. At the Word the young Haole of Ber itania street reeled against the wall. " TI19 bottle !" he gasped. *' To buy the bottle." Then he seemed to choke, and seizing Keawe by tho arni carried him into a room and poured out wine in two glfisses. '' Here is my respects," said Keawe, who had been much about with Haoles in his timo. " Yes," ho added, " I am come to buy tho bottle. What is tho price by now ?" - At' that word the young .nan let his glues slip through his fingers, and looked upon Keawe like a ghost. " The price," says he. The price. You dp noe know tho price?" " It is for that I am asking you," re turned Keawe. " Hut why aro you so much concerned? Is there anything wrong about tho price ?'' "It has dropped a great deal in value since your time, Hr. Keawe," said the young man, stammering. *' Well, well, 1 shall have to pay loss for it,''says Keawe. " How muon did it cost vou ?" Tile young man was as white as it Bheet. "Twocents," said he. "What!" cried IO'tiwe ; two cents? Why, then you can only soil it for one. And he who buys it The words died upon Keawe'a tongue. He who bought it could novor soli it again ; tho bottle and the bottle ir.ip'must abido with him until he died," and when he died must carn' him to che red end of hell. Tho young man .tit Beritania street fell upon his knees.- " For God's sako buy it 1" he cried. ' " You can have all my fortmio. iu the bargain. I ivas mad when I bought it at that price. 1 had embez zled money at my store ; I was lost olso I must havo gone to jail." "Poor cronture," said Keawo. " You would risk your soul upon so desperate an adventure and to avoid tho proper punishment of your own disgrace ; and you think I could hesitate with love in front of me. Give mo tho bottlo and tho chango which 1 make sure you have all I ready. Hore is a fi vo oent piece. " It was as Keawe supposod ; tho young man had the ohauge ready in a draw ; tho bottle ohanged hands, and Keawo's lingen wore no sootier clasped upon the stalk than he breathed his'wisti to be a clean man. And sure enough, when he got homo to his roon hu »tripped himself before a glass, his flesh was whole Uko an infant's. And hero .was tho strange thing ; ho had nosoonor soon this tniraole (thou bia mind was changed within him, and ho cared naught for tho Chinese Evil, and little enough for Kukua ; and had but ona thought, that, hore ho was bound to tho bottle imp for timo and eternity, and ho had nu better hope but to be oiudor forever in the llames of boll. Away ahead of him he saw them blaze in his mind's eye, and bis soul shrank, and darkness fell upon tho light. When Keàwe came to himself a little, ho waa aware it waa tho night when the band played nt tho hotel. Thither he wont, because he feared to bo alone ;and there, among tho happy faces, walkod too and fro, and heard tho. tunes go up and down, and Baw Berger boat the measure, and all tho while he heard the flames crackle and saw tho rod fire burning in tho .bottomless pit. Of a sudden the band played "Hika-ao-ao ; " that was a song that he had sung with Kokua, and ut the strain courage returned to him. " It is done now," he thought, "and once more let me take the good along with the evil." So it befell that he returned to Hawaii by tho first steamer', and as soon' as it could bo managed ho was wedded to Kokua, and curried her up the mountain side to the Bright House. Now, .it WOB with thoao two that when they were together, Keane's heart was stilled, but so soon as he was alone he fell into a brooding horror, and heard thu flames crackle and saw tho red fir o burn in the bottomless pit. Tho girl, indeed, had come to him wholly ; her heart leaped in her side at "Bight of him, her hand clung to his,'and elie was so fashioned from tho hair upon her head to tho nails upon her toes that : none could see lier without joy. Sho was ploasant in hor natura. Sho had the good word always. Full of eon us she was, and went to and fra in the Bright House, the brightest thing in its threo stories, caroling like birds. And Keawe beheld and heard her 'with delight, and then must shrink upon one side, and woep and groan to think upoti the price he had paid for hor ; and then ho must dry his eyes, and » ash his face, and go and sit with her on the broad baloonios, joining in hor songs, and (with a sick spirit) answering her smiles, There came a day .when hm feat began to get heavy and her songa more rare ¡ and now it was Keawo only that would weep apart, but ouch would sundor from the other, and sit in opposite balconies, with the whole width of thu Bright House betwixt. Keawo was so sunk in his des pair bb 'scarce observed the chango, and was only glad ho had moro hours to sit alone and brood upon his destiny, and was not so fri qneatly condeimiud to pull a smiling face on a sick honro. But one day, coming softly through tim house, lie hoard trie found of a child sobbing, and th ero was Kokua rolling hui fi'.uu ti pun tho balcony floor and woeping like tho lost. ' You do well to keep in tho hcuso, Kokun," ho said, "andyet I would givo the head off my body that you, at least, might havo been happy." " Happy I" she cried. Keawe, when you lived ulono ip your líriplit Houso you Wore the word of the inland fur a happy mon ; laughter and song were tu your mouth, and your face was ns bright as the sunrise. Then you wedded poor Kokua, and tho good God knows what is amiss in her, but from that day you have not smiled. Oh I" shu cried, " what aila roo? I thought I was protty, and I know l loiml iniii," What ails mo that I throw "his cloud upoii my h unhand ' " Poor Kokua," said Keawe. So sai down by her side and sought to take her hand, but that she plucked away. " Poor Kokua," ho said, again. ''My poor child, my pretty! And I.thought all this while to sparo you ! 'Well, y JU shall know all. Then nt least you will pity poor Keawe ; then you will understand how much he has hived you in thu past, that he dared hell for your possession, and how much ha loves you still-cha pour, the condem ned one-that he can yet call up a smile when ho beholds you." With that ho tol-l her all ovon from tho. beginning. " You have done this for rae ?'' she cvitod, "Ah, well, then, what do I cato ?" and she clamped and wept upon him. " Ah, child," said Keawe, ,,land yet, when I consider tho fire of hell, I care a good deal." " Never tell mo," 3he said, " no man san bu lost because he loved Kokua, and no other fault. I toll you, Keawe, I shall save you with these hand3 or perish in your company. What ! you loved me, and you gave your soul, and you think 1 will not die io save you in return ?" ''Ali, my dear, you might die a hun dred times and what dilFermco would iliac muku ?" he cried, " except to leave me lonely till the timo comes of ray dam nation. " " You know nothing." said Bhe ; I was educated in a school in Honolulu ; I am no common girl, and 1 tell you I shall save my lover. What is this you say about a cent? But all the world is not Anjorioan. In England they have a piece called a farthing, which is about half a cent. Ah, sorrow, she cried, " that makes ic scaroe better, for the buyer must bu l(i3t, and wo shall find none so brave ns my Keawe! But, then, there is France; ihoy have a small coin thero which is called a contimo, and these go fivo to tho cent cr thereabout. We could noe do better. Come, Keawe, let us go to tho French islands ; let us go to Tahiti as last as tho ships can bear us. There wo have four centimes, three centimes, two centimes, one centime ; four possible sales to come und go on, and two of us to push tho bargain. Come, mv Keawe, kiss me, and banish oare, Kokua will defend you." " Gift of-Giods," ho cried, " 1 cannot think that''Jod will punish me for desir ing aught so good. Be it as you will, thf.i { tako mo where you please ; I put 'my lifo and my salvation in your hands." Early tho next day Kokua was about hor preparations. She took Koawe's christ that he went with sailoring ; and first she put tho bottle in tho corner, and then packed it with the richest of their clothes and tho bravest of tho knick knacks in tho houso. " For," Baid sho, " wo must Boom to be sick folk, or who will believe in the bottle ?" All tho time of her preparation sho was as gay as a bird ; only when she looked upon Keawe the tears would spring m hor eyes and sho must run and kiss him. As for Kea wo, a weight was ofFIlia soul ; now that ho had his secret shared, and some hope in front of him, he seemed like a new man, his feet went lightly on the earth, and his breath was good to him again. Yet was terror still at his elbow ; and ever and again, us tho wind blows out a taper, hope did in him, and he Baw the fiamos too and the red fire burn in hell. It waa given out in tho country they wore gone pleasuring to the states ; which was thought a strange thing, and yet not so BSrange as tho truth, if any oould havo guessed it. So they went to Honolulu in the Hall, and thence in the Umatilla to San Francisco with a crowd of Haolos, aud at San Francisco took their passage by the mail brigantine, tho Tropic Bird, for Papeete, the chief place of tho French in the South Soa Islands. Thither they carno, alter a pleasant voyage, ou a fair day of the trade wind, aud saw tho roof with the surf breaking and Motuti with its palms, and tho schooners riding safely inside, and tho white houses of tho town low down along the shore among green tresa, and overhead the mountains and tho clouds of Tahiti, the Wiso Island. It was judged the most wiso to hire a house, which they did accordingly oppo . site the British Consul's ; to maka a great parade of money, and themselves con spicuous with carriages and horses. This was very easy to do as long as they had tho bottle in their possession, for Kokua was moro bold than Keawe, and whenever she had a mind called on' tho imp for twenty or a hundred dollars. At this rate they soon bogan to be remarked in tho town ; aud the strangers from Hawaii, their riding and their driving, thu fino holokus and the rich laee of Kokua became the matter of muck talk. They got on well after tho first with the Tahitian language, which " ie like to the Hawaiian, with a certain chango of letters ; and aa soon a.8 they had any tree dom of speech, began to push the bottle. You are to consider it was no easy sub ject to introduce ; it was not easy to per suade people you wore in earnest when you ottered to sell them for four centimes tho spring of health and rich, inexhauat atle. It was necessary besides to explain the dangers of the bottle ; and oithor people disbelieved the whole thing and laughed, or they thought'tho more of tho darker part, became overcast with gravi'y and drew away from Koawo and Kokua as from persons who had dealings with the devil. So far from gaiuiug ground, these two begun to find they were avoided in the town ; the children ran away from thom screaming, a thing intolerable to Kokua ; Catholics crossed themselves aa they went by, and all persona began with one aooord to disengage themselves from their advances. Depression foll upon thoirspirits. They would sit nt night in their new IIOUBO, ufter a day's weariness, and not oxohango one word; or tho ailoneo would bo broken by Kokua bursting suddenly into sobs. Sometimes they would pray together, sometimes they would have the bottle out upon thu floor, and Bit all evening watching how the shadow hovered in the midst. At such times they would bo afraid to go to rest j it was long ero slumber came to them, and if either dozed off it would bo to wake and find thu other silontly weeping in the dark ; or perhaps to wako alone, the other hav ing fled from the house and the neigh borhood of that bottle to paco undur tho banauus in tho little garden, or to windor on tho bonoh by moonlight. Ono night it was so when Kokua woke. Keawo was gone ; sile foltin tho bod and his pince was cold. Then foar fell upon I her and she sat up in bed. A little moon shine filtered through the shutters ¡ tho room wns bright, and she could spy the bottlo on tho floor. Outside it Wow high, the groat trous of tho avenue cried out aloud, and tho füllen leaves rattled in tho verandah. In thu midst of this Kokua wns aware of another sound ; , whether of a boast or a man sho could not tell, but it WOB as Bad as doath, and cut her to her soul. Softly she uroso, set tho ¿loar ajar and looked forth into the momilifynrd. There, under tho bnnanna, lay Keawe, his mouth m tho dust, and as ho lay hs manned. It was Kókua's first thought to run forward and console him. Her I second potently withheld her. ¿"'awe hid borne himself before his wife as a brava man ; it became her little in the hour o? weak ness to intrude upon his shame.. With the thought sb« drew back tito tho house. " Heaven," she thought, "hiw care less havel been, how weak ! I: is he, not 1, that stands in this eternal peril ; it was he, not 1, that took tho cuiso upon his soul. It is for my sake an! for the Jove jf a creature of so little wirth and -such poor help, that he now beiolds BO close tu him tho flames of hell, ay, and nmolls the smoke of \t, lying without there in tho wind and moonlight. Am I KO dull of spirit that never till now 1 have surmised my duty? or have I sèm it be fore and turned aside ? But now, at least, I take up.'my soul in both the hands of my affection ; now I say farewell to the white steps of Heaven and the wait ing faces of my friends. A love for a love, and let mine be equalled with Keawe's 1 A soul for a soul, andjet it be mine to perish !'' 