FOUND GUILTY, Ralph Chandos' Fate. A Strring Tale of the Early Days of Botany Bay. FOUNDED o? FACt. CHAPTER XV[. roaT JA.CKsON. The rescuing ship proved to he the Duke of Wellington, onvict-transport, bernl fron London to Sydney. She bad some thirty women on board, withl . male nl?st3 Shle lheroe to, and elked up the small boat andl its occn i, Te latter clambered to her drk with difliculty, being weak and criampd from insnffcient diet and exeri., \liss Pelham was passed up ?rt. Lard Strathmore closely following her. The captain and officers of the poke cf Wellington thronged around tle hlogard waifs they had picked up, ol of wonder and cnriosity at the si alar spectacle they presented. L,,,rd StratLmore, by common and tacit consent of his companions, was aes.o'an of the party. lie had be raved no cowardly terror during his recent osaerings, but had been moody. served, and grim of visage. Now le asamnedn aair of condescension and arh.rit befitting his high rank and :aation. lie swelled with importance. He fit himself every inch Lord of tnr:haoare in England, and Governor General of Botany Bay. He announced ~imselif with proper pr de and solemnity, eni his auditors received the announce in&t; with proper amazement and satis -This yvong lady is Miss Pelham," S!:b-nred, indicating her. "This is L;:,her. AIr William Pelham. the :::: it anker, and my especial : e were on our way to Sydney :ip Clytemnestra, with a hundred rI- ei:hty convicts on board. The rcnri:.s arose and mastered thle soldiers el crew, and we barely escaped with c:-yires in the general confusion. We arv rterred and in need of your best •-The ship is at your disposal, my r3:." saidl the captain, politely. "" Any ih:ng we can do for yon and your friends we shalI be glad to do. Will you descend to the cabin ?" The ship was already under weigh again. Lord Strathmore inclined his head in assent, and took a step in the direction of the cabin. Suddenly, he pansel and looked around, his gaze falling upon.his hated cousin. Chandos, in spite of his unkempt and unshaven appearance, in spite of his haggardness and his worn garnments, looked like an ideal young prince-straight and tall and stalwart, with a haughty poise of his head, his long, blonde looks glitter ing in the snnshine, his light moustache filled with tangled sunbeams, shadowing a monnth as once stern as that of an ac casing angels, yet tender as a woman s. The captain's gaze followed that of Lord Strathmore, and he bowed low to this splendid young fallow, who looked to hint like a knight of chivalry, such as oehad read of in romance in his boyish days. Loo? to that man, captain," said Lord Strathm=ore, in a harsh and dis rordant voice "He is a convict-one ° of the one hundred and eighty on board r of the Ciytemnestra." The csptain recoiled a step with an incrednlons stare. \- For shame, my lord ! " said Gerda F Pelham, her eyes glowing with indigna tihn. li 1e saved our lives at the risk I of his own. But for him not one of us won!d ever have left the Clytemnestra i ire! BHe has preserved our lives all t those ereks by the exercise of downright I heroism. We owe ~im everything everthing--" -Gerda!" inturrnped her father, nerron s. "Do not reprove your daughter, my iea friend." said Lard Strathmcre, ratLir. - Her enthusia-m does credit her warm heart and her sense of r:r:ode. We do owe Mr Chandos a " deal-I acknowledge it-but b-Iso much as Miss Pelham thinks. I :a him no hero. but a convict bent. rtradir" his own life, and who saved :i ic-dentally to his main purpose. B:t. whatever my private feelings, I nst "cnsider my public duty. The .e of England are upon me. As an oi , n f the government of my counitry; iris neces?ary that I should beimpartial. It i-hove- me to be a very Brutus. Captain. I shall hold you responsible Ifr the safe keeping of the young man." He resnmed his course towards the cabin bht the others of the party did not move. "Captain," said the shrp's doctor, ravel. - this young gentleman is our preserer and benefactor. I must beg you to treat him with consideration until we reach Sydney. He is rio ordinary convict, and I sincerely believe him to Ie innocent of any crime against the law." The Governor-General, Lord Strath mnre, could not, consistently with :his duty to the Government, take any other. stand in regard to this -unhappy young. man thaa he has done," said Mr Pelham, with simple dignity. "but I think he shonld be treated with kindness, captain, ior his devotion-to-ns, and I join my en treaties to those of Doctor Marsh. It is only fair to say, however," he added, ' that I differ from the doctor in believ ing Mr Chandos innocent of crime.' The young man shall be taken good: tars of," sai.d the captain, forming his opinion of Chandos by the manner of Lord Strathmore. " You may go for ward," and he addressed our hero "Here yeaon, Tompkins, yon look after this yonno man, and get him something to eat. Now, my lord, this way to, the cabin." He conducted his guests thither. The cabin was no luxurious Goom, being plain in the ex'treme, -with, a divan running about the walls. It 'was dean, and lookedto the weary'v.oyagers a very haven of rest andesafety. "We'll have a breakfast :for you, directly, my lord." said the captain. after introducing himself as Captain fawlrden; and, in the meantime, if You'll make your toilet, my-roomins at ouer servic" e Lord Strathmore acknowledged this politeness by a bow. "The- captain opened.-the door of a v stateroom near.at hand "Miss Pelham," he said, " this room c is ,at your service. I will have the 1 steward make up' the berth with fresh I, linen while you;are at breakfast. This 3 is the first officers room. and he will be ii happy to turn out for'a lady. You will I find clean towels and soap and water in readiness for use. I will bring you a ; new comb and brush immediately. I am n only sorry that I have no stewardess to v attend upon yon." 11 Miss I'elluam expressed her thanks, g iand retired into the- room assigned-her,- t closing the door. Her father and the doctor were next i provided for with lodgings quite near to v her. n The captain brought clean linen' from his own stores, and those of his officers, and supplied the gentlemen. Clothes. f brushes: were bronght into, reqnisition. n and o'd and worn garments were brnuhed n and shaken into cleanliness and respect- f ability. t. Miss Pelham secured her door, and a took a thorough bath. feeinig thereby i greatly refreshed. She was neatly I dressed when the captain knocked at her y doorea.nd informed her that he had tl found some.clein linen for her among o the stores of -tlhe convicts, and begged o her acceptance of it. When he ad I. departed, she opened her door. and took h int the things .he had brought. The a linen proved to be. coarse and :ill-msde, s but it was: clean, and :he yoong:lady h accepted it with gratitude. The comb It and brash restored her dishevelled locks p to glossy smoothness. Her h!acklgownI was yet whole and decent. A white s pocket-handkerchief--one -oft the cap- Ih tain's-tied about her neck,?uspplicd the t lack of a collar. Her toilet thus reno- S vatedt-she re-entered-the cabin. 0e : Breakfast wasspon:the table;' steam- a ing icoffee, -bacon and ggs,- ported T meats, new-:hreaid:and ship,' biscuit' d, made -up a repast that seeuted to the d new-arrivals fit for a Sybarite. tc ,Lord'Strathmore -came forward-and i offered his arm to Miss..Pelhaum, to lead a her to the trible. 'Sthe&derdied-i; the al proffered assistance with a coldness that s startled him. lie 'feard, lest, in hi'ts enmity to his consin, he had gone to, far. " a' ' My dear Miss Pelham," he pleadel, in anmundertohl; do notlbe i?nr,,ywith h me. How conid-I act- differently in regard to Chandos ?. ., Do tyou suppose that I do not feel the disgrace of the l con.ection,. and that I wou:d not assist his escape if I could? But duty, to a b public man, is a stern word. I cannot betray the trust reposed in me. Deliet- 5 ing Chandos guilty. I dare not tamper with my conscience or my duty, so far t as to show him favor. If I lose your ti esteem. Miss Pelham, by my adherence to duty, then I am indeed, the most ti miserable rof men." The hypocrite infused so nmuch of seeming sincerity and passionate earnest ness into his tones that one more gifted h with insight into human nature than h innocent Gerda might well have been ' imposed upon. Mr Pelham had heard every word, as he stood near. and he S held out his hand to Lord Strathmore, exclaiming warmly : " You do well, Strathmore, to adhere to your principles of right. We under- s stand your natural desire to shield your unhappy cousin, and to favor him. We respect you all the more for your strict adherence to duty. Gerda is not offended with you. How could she be ? Whatever Chanlos was to her in the past, he is less than nothing now. Gerda has sense to realise that the young man is only a convict, condemned to transportation with' hard labor for life. There-is a gulf fixed between them which even the most romantic and hare-brained girl in existence could never hope or desire to cross." There was an anxious look in his eyes that touched his daughter. She took his arm in silence, and was conducted to the table. While she ate her break fast, she did some' hard thinking, the result of which was a resolution to treat s -Lord Strathmore with uniform courtesy thereafter, not only because an opposite course would offend her .father, but for other reasons which seemed to her ample and imperative. . " I am growing to dislike him ex tremely," she thought, "but for papa's sake, and for Ralph's sake, I must con ceal my aversion. He certainly hates Ralph. He is the one-the only one who has profited by old Lord .trath 'more's murder. .I sometimes think-" A shudder completed the sentence.' After breakfast, shite begged Dr Marsh to look after the welfare of Chandos. The good doctor hastened to comply with her request, finding Chandos in the forecastle, supplied with clean linen, comfortably fed, and lodged among the sailors, Hi.s bearing and looks pro claimed him an aristocrat, and they had received him coolly, but-his genial smile aand friendly ways had won upon them Sall, and,in spite of the stigma attached to him, the seamen were inclined to make much of him., T-he doctor spent some hours with his ayoung friend, and returned to the cabin r in time for dinner. After that meal he gave his arm to Miss Pelham, and walked with her upon the deck, relating to lher the substance of .his recant inter view with Chandos, and avowing to her again his belief in the young man's in , I was never more deeply interested r- inony man in my life,"- he exclaimed. t'I am alone-in the world, Miss Pelham, S-nd Ihae. employed my.elf as a ship ' docti' "nerely to satisfy my own' rest-' f lessness and desire for continual change. SI have i' little money, :enough to keep me~simply.as long as live. 1 believe er Chandos to be the victim iof some bmse g conspiracy, and I intend to stop a while eout in Sydney to look after him. I have lost my post with the ship, and I shall not apply for another just at present" '.. lf anything conl he done to spare a him the indignities usually visited upon as convicts," said Miss Pelham, "I would rs bless and honour you while I live, Dr 'Marsh. - flalph Chandos is innorent of Shis unncle's murder, and some day his . innoence will be proved. God grant n that-day arrive before he is broken in if spirit, and made desperate by oppres t sloI-iill do all I can to help him, Miss is Pelham; bu,, unless the Governor General. ehoald show some leniency, what can I dd ? The young man's faie will be very liard, if Lord Strathlmore chooses to make it so," sighed Dr. Marsh. "Yon, alone, my dear young r lady, have any influence with his lord- I ship. If you exercise your influence I in Chandoi's behalf, the horrors of his r lot may he mitigated-not otherwise." I The girl flushed, then paled. Lord t Strathmore had never, in so many words, e avowed himself her suitor,> lunt' her I woman's intuitions had told her that he s loved her, and she knew that any miti- c gation of her lover'slot was to hbe ob- q tained only at the price ef her hand. f 'I Ie doctor sighed again, interpreting f her silence aright. The future looked t very dark for Chandos and lie could see no gleam of light anywhere for the poor r young fellow. p A few days of rest and comfortable v fare, of relief front torturing anxieties, t restored the fugitives of the Clytemr- a nestra to some resemblance of their . former selves. Chandos remnained in r the forecastle, visited daily by Dr Mlarsh b and Mr Gray. and now and then seeing i froom afar the eyes'of the girl lie loved t looking upon him with tenderness and yearning that thrilled him through;and through. That lovely, faithful face, full a of unswerving fidelity, was to him a star b of hope and promise. Attni ilt,.in his n lonely bank, it seemed to shine upon i him out of, the darkness like,therface of an angel. He could not utterly despair Ib so long as this one true heart clung to s hint, and shared lis griefs, tioltrned over u him, and :besieged hleaven..daily with prayers in his belhalf. _.The.Duke af Wellington was a good b sailor. In a week's time she drew near n her destination. Upon the morning of ) thieseventh;day after the-rescue of Lord c Strathmore's party, theree ws great a excitement upon board a: bine,Sline t against the horizon 'indiihting land. t 'Thils -blue line. on nearer' approach, I developed into.a :greatw"ll of :oek, destitute of trees The wind had shifte b to the-north- east, aiding, materially the c approach of the Wellington. The size d and grandeur of the cliffs were now p apparenit.,'Tha two'heads'.ofPort Jack son became perceptible, although the pas- h sage between.them was not yet plainly a indicated, the third, or Middle Head; y appearing iu the opening. It The Wellington, having taken on d board the;pilot, who--cmne?nout'in a n nasmll bIoat,-in'-due- time -rounded the y towering .orth-Iead, and entered Port n Jackson, sailing between the opposite ii lines of cliffs, which forimed immense d buttresses to the right and to the left. p The scene, to English eyes, was very, striking. The sandstone rocks on the shore jutting out into the water; the strange y trees, the gume, with their light-grey, p trunks, predominating, the green grass,s the shrubs, and all the peculiarities of S the Australian landscapo-were sciciied ti with eager eyes. - Lord Strathlmore's bosom swelled as a he gazed upon the land over which lie had come to rule. He was the repre- li sentatipe of his sovereign,sand-therefore n virtually monarch of this great.southerum continent. tie felt himself a king As he, I surveyed his new empire. :His ambition t was at last gratified. He felt that his I life was a success, that his scheming and'tl i sinning had brought hint the result at y which lie had aimed. As he thus exulted, saying to him- o self that only thing more remained to be desired, and that one thing was posses- l sion of Gerda Pelham, thlegirl approached ii him, and stood at his side. I He turned to her, his face beaming. a "After all our perils we are arrived at Sydney safely," le exclaimed. " Let us o congratulate each other, Miss Gerda." Miss Pelbam glanced in the direction p of the forecastle. " I wish to speak to you of R tlph3 Chandos, baron,". she said bravely, y although her lips quivered, and there: were tears in the sweet fearless eyes h upraised to his. " I do not ask you to prove false to your idea of duty, hut I do ask you to spare hin all indignities, a such as the prison and hard labor. The very fact that lie is a convict is a torture 0 to him. Do not let it be added to by t unnecessary cruelty, I beseech you." a "Miss Pelhiam," said the baron, o gallantly, " whatever I can do for Chan- c dos shall be done for your sake." The girl turned away, struck by the concluding words of his sentence, ye feeling lighter at heart. It was well for her that she did not I see the fiendish smile on his swarthy t visage as he again looked shoreward, else I her soul might have died within her. i It was well she could not. read his I cruelly exultant heart,as.he said to,hiri self : ' • I willtake care of Ralphl Chandos, Miss Gerda; never-fear I shall forget him. I will take care to visit upon hint every horior. known to convict. life, 1I sill humble his spirit, gall his soulntd the quick, 'and drive- him- to th ,very depths of despair And; finallv, he i'hall die, and.not.even his ghost shall giv me cause for jealousy. Yet I will lha a doble part. I .will make the-girl marry me to save him'from some iwfnl fate, and then, whlen she is irrevocably mine, I will procure his death. So much success has made me bold !" and he smiled likes a demon. ?" :, 