ALONE ON A WIDE, WIDE SEA. BY W. CLARK RUSSELL. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. CHAPTER IX.— Continued. But now as I stood here bosido this wheel I surveyed a stretch of dock that seemed measureless, as the white planks, glimmering like sand away from ray feet, -went stretching tfauu. uuu iiiu uuaouiivji tut jut wuiu. Behind mo, from under the. high, dark stern of the ship, rushed tho wake, liko a lino of palo smoke blowing over the boiv. The stars danced in the squares of tho rigging ; they tipped ns with diamond points the sides of t.h#> caila ntirl llirv liln'/nn nf t.lin of the thrco dim spiros of tho ship's masts, and tho moon in tho west poised in an atmo- sphcro of delicate greenish silver, trembled a waving fan-shaped stream of light upon tho summer-like pouring of the ocean under her. AH at once the helmsman on tho right hand side of the wheel, of whoso presence I had hardly been sensible, uttered a strango, low sort of bellowing cry, and fled along the 'deck to where tho ligure of tho other man was. Involuntarily I put my hand upon the wheel, as though instinctively feeling that it must be held steady, and that it must bo held in any ca30 or the ship would be with out control. The two men came slowly along. The motions of each were full of wariness and suggestive iu the highest degree of alarm and astonishment. " Dummed if it ain't asteering the ship 1" said one of them in a hoarse voice. " You scoundrel, it's a woman!" cried the othqr. "How dare you quit your post? You'll have the ship iu the wind in a minute," and they both arrived together at the wheel, running, one being pushed by the other. The man who pushed the other was dressed in a monkey jacket with brass buttons and a naval cap. He was clearly one of tho ship's officers, but it was not surprising that I should be meeting him now for the first time. He thrust his face into my hood, and then backed a step and exclaimed, " Who are you?" then immediately added, "Oh, of course; you'io tho person that was taken out of tho French brig. Come away from tho wheel, will you ma'am ? Here's an Irish man that believes you a ghost." The other muttered in his throat. I walked some pace3 away and the officer ac companied me. " How is it that you're not in your bed?" said he. "I have been sleeping all day," I answered, " and have come out to breathe the air." " We do not allow females to wander about the ship at night," said he. " However, you cannot be supposed to know tho rules.' I saw him by the moonlight eye me strenuously and earnestly. " That's a big bandage you have on, ma'am. I hope you ore not much hurt ?" " I was found lying injured and unconscious in a boat by tho Frenchmen." _ " And they tell me you havo no memory." " I can remember nothing," I answered. " What is that ?" cried he, pointing. " It is the moon," said I. " What is that but memory T" he exclaimed. "I remember nothing of my past," said 1. " Down to the hour in which 1 awoke to con sciousness on board the -French brig every thing is black. But to whom ain I speaking?" "You are speaking to tho chief mate of tho Deal Castle, and his namo is Andrew Harris." " What is a chief mate?" I asked. " He is tho person that i3 next in command to the caxitain." "Then you are of consequence?" said I. He smiled broadly. There are pooplo who will run when I sing out." "Nobody appears to bo awake on board this ship saving us who are here," said I. " Have you come on deck to find that out?" he exclaimed ; then directing his face at the forccastlo ho uttered a cry, and out of the shadow forward there instantly came a response. He cried again, and a rumbling " Ay, ay. sir !" came out of the shadow. " So, you see, said lie, "there are four not three of us awake ; and if I were to sing out again, in about five seconds the deck would be full of sailors running about. ... So you've lost your memory. . . . D'ye know what part of England you hall from ?" " I cannot even tell that I am English " What do they want to make out? That you're from Greenland ? I'm trying to catch your accent. I havo an A1 ear for accents. I hoped at first you might bo Lancashire, where I hail from. Then I fancied I could hear Derbyshire in yon. But I reckon it'll end in Middlesex," he added thoughtfully. " That's to say if London's in Middlesex, which no man who goes to sea can be sure of, for every time be returns he wants a new chart, such is tho growth of the little vil lage. Does in v talk give you any ideas V I shook my head. " Doesn t tho word London give you an idea ?" I thought and thought, and said, " lb is a familiar word, but it suggests nothing." " Curse tho sea!"- he exclaimed with an irritable twist of his head, as he looked round tho horizon, " how ill it treats those who trust themselves to it ! It robs you of memory aud it keeps me a poor man. Curse it, I say ! I should like to know tho name of the chap who was first to go afloat. I'd burn him iu effigy. But it's some comfort to guess where his soul is. It wasn't Noah. Noah had to save his life, and I allow he hated tho sea as much as I do. All animals — Eooh ! But I'd rather be shipmates with easts than emigrants. And so you've lost your memory ! And now what's to bring it back to you, I wonder !" He broke oil to exclaim sharply to the helmsmau ; then he repeated. " What's to bring it back to yo, I wonder ? Ho took a turn, as though the remedy wore in his mind and merely demanded a little thought. I watched him with deep auxioty. How could I tell but that even from him, that even from this man whom I had never be fore soon, with whom I wus now discoursing in tho heart of tho ocean night, amid tho silence of a faintly moon-lit deck, with the sound of frothing waters rising round about us, and tho pale shadows of the leaning can vas soaring high above U3, how could I tell but that even irom this stranger might come the spark, the little leaping flame of sugges tion, to light up cuough of my past to enable mo presontly to seo all? So I watched him with deep anxiety whilst he took two or thrco turns. Presently lie halted, facing me. Ho was a short mau, scarcely us tail as I, square built and very firmly set on his legs. His hair appeared to be the color of ginger. His chin was shaved, anil ho wore a busli of beard on his throat. As much of his face as the moonlight silvered disclosed a dry, arch, sailorly expression. " It requires thinking over," said he. ' My, motto in physio is ' Liko cures like.' What sent your memory adrift ? You'll find it was a shock. If tho doctor would put you through a courso of shocks you'd coino out right. I'm a poor man. but I'd wager ovcry farthing that I shall receive for tho voyajjo that if you were to fall over board from the height of the ship's side, when you were fished up you'd have your moinory. Some sort of a shook did the mis chief, and any sort of a shock's going to undo it. That's my belief. When Air. M'Ewan visits you again you toll him what I say. Why, now, listen to this. An undo of mine was so crippled with rheumatism and gout that he had to be carried liko a dead drunk man on a litter to the railway station. He was to consult some profes sional nob iu London. With much backing and filling lie was got into tho railway carriage, and tliero lie lay liko a log, canable of moving nothing but his oyes. Half an hour after tho tram had started it ran into about 40 waggons full of cattlo._ Tho bust up was as usual ; ongino off tho lines, driver in halves, the remains of a fireman iu a ditch, several carriages matchwood, a dozen dead people under them, two and twenty persons wounded, and the country round about full of bleeding bulls. And who do you think was the first man to get out and ruu ? My uncle. The collision cured him. He was a well man from the instant the locomotive bust into the waggons, ami he has never known an ache since. It's a shock that's going to do your business, ma'ain, take my word for it." I understood him perfectly. Many of his allusions I did not in the least comprehend, yet I listened greedily, and for some moments after lie had ceased, 1 continued to barken, hoping for some word, some hint, some sug gestion that would help mo to even tho briefest inward glimpse. Three silver chimes floated out of the deep uhadow of tho shin forward. " What aro those bells?" I asked. ' Half-past 1," he exclaimed, " and with all respect, about time I think for you to bo abed. The captain may come on deck at any moment, and if he finds you here ho'll bo vexed that I have not beforo requested you to go below." I bade him good-night, but he accompanied mo as far as the head of the steps which con ducted to tho quarter-deck. " A shook will do it," said he. "I'm the son of a doctor, and my advieo is— shocks. The job is to administer a shock without doing the patient more harm than good. I'll Uiiuk it over. It'll bo something to kill the timo with. D'ye know the load to the cabin? Well, goodnight, mam." I silently opened the door of the saloon, regained my berth, and alter musing upon my conversation with tho officer on deck, I closed my eyes and fell asleop. " Good morning, Miss C.," exclaimed Mrs. Richards, entering the cabin with a break fast-tray. " I am glail to find you up and dressed. It is a quarter to 9 o'clock and a truly beautifnl morning. There is a nico breeze on the quarter aud the shiji is going along as steadily as a carriage. Have you slept well?" "I have slept a little." ""Well, to-day you must appear on dock. You will really show yourself to-day. All the passengers aro longing to seo you, and do not forget that by mingling amongst them, and talking and hearing them talk, ideas may come and your memory with tiicm. Here have you been a prisoner now since yester day morning." " No, I was on deck last night." " What, in the dark ? " "At 1 o clock this morning." " Tho captain would not liko to hoar that," said she, arching her eyebrows, " but you will not do it again, dear. I mean you will not go nlonc on deck wlion ovcrybodv is asleep except the sailors on watch. What officer was on watch last nipht ? " . " The first officer. Mr. Harris," said I. " Did he talk with you ?" "Yes. Ho told mo that a shook might give me back my memory. " What did the man mean ?" "Ho said lie believed, if I wero to fall overboard from the height of the ship tliat when I was taken out of tho water tho shock would bo found to havo restored my memory." She burst into a loud laugh. " Ho is a truly comical gentleman," she exclaimed, "though he never intends to bo funny, for he is always in earnest. It is said of him that ever since lie was second officer, now getting on for five years, he has offered marriage in every voyage lie made to one of the lady pas sengers. Our head steward has been ship mate with him three voyages, and on every occasion he has offerea marriage. He is always rejected. A shock indeed !" she ex claimed, growing suddenly very grave, " what an idea to put into your head I You might go aud throw yourself overboard in tho belief that tho act would euro you of loss of memory. I will tell the doctor to give Mr. Harris a hint not to talk too much. Now malco a good breakfast, dear, and by- and-by I will call and take you to seo Mrs. and Miss Lee." I sat at my solitary repast, which was bountiful indeed, and reflected upon what Mrs. Richards had said. No ! it would not help mo to confine myself to my oabin. By mingling, by conversing, by hearing others discourse, by gazing at them, observing their dress, their manners, their faces, some gleam might come to touch the dark folds of memory. In the steerago they wero break fasting somewhat noisily. There was a great clatter of crockery, and a souud of the voices of men and women raised as though in good spiritB, and the tones of children eagerly asking to be helped. Tho light upon tho sea was of a dazzling blue ; through tho port holes I could see the small blue billows curl ing into froth as they ran with the ship, and the ship herself was going along as smoothly as a sleigh, saving a scarcely perceptible long drawn rising and falling, regular a3 tho respiration of a sleeping breast. i was looking through the porthole when tho door was thumped and opened, and tho ship's doctor stepped iu. " Well," said lie in his strong North British accent, knitting his brow and staring into my faco with his snarp eyes, " what are ye able to recollect this morning?"- " My memory is good for everything that has happened since I first opened my eyes on board tho French vessel," I answered. " Humph !" He felt my pulse, examined my brew, dressed tho injury afresh, and said that I should be able to do -without a bandage in a day or two. "The captain tells mo," said he, plunging his hands in his trousers pockets and leaning against tho upper bedstead, " that he means to keep you on board, trusting that your memory will return meanwhile, when he'll bo able to put you in the way of reaching your friends. He cannot do better." " But my memory may continue dark oven to the end of the voyage," I exclaimed. " True ; but you're better hero meanwhile. You might be consigned to the keeping of a captain who, on his arrival in England, would set you on shore without considering what is to becomo of you. How then, Miss C. ? — for that is to bo your namo, I hear. But if Captain Ladmore carries you round the world thcro'll bo 10 months of timo before ye, and it will be strange if you aren't able to re collect in 10 months. And now tell me — have yo never a sensation as of memory? What 8 the feeling iu you when you try to look back?" "As though it were a pitch dark night and I was groping with my liands over a stone wall." " Good ! Try now to think if yo have any other sensations." "Yes, there is one; but how am I to express it?" "Try." "When," I exclaimed after a pause. I endeavor to pierce tho past ; I seem to be sensible of the presence of waves of dark ness, thick folds of inky gloom Bwaying and revolving in black confusion and dripping wet." He kept his eyes fastened upon me, lost in reflection. My words seem to have struck him. Then, tolling me it was a fine morning, and that I must come on deck and get ail the air and sunshine possible, he went away. I took up a book, but I could not fix my attention. I was ablo to read — tliat is to say the printed characters were familiar to mo, and the words intelligible, but I could not keep my mind fastened to the page. Grow ing weary of aimlessly sitting or wandering about in my berth 1 opened tlic door and peeped out. As I did so I heard the fat chuckling laugh of a baby tickled oramU3ed. A young woman sat at the tabic that was nearest to my cabin, and in front of her on tile table she hokl a baby, who shook and crowed with laughter as she mado faces at it. There was nobody else to bo seen. At the forward end all about the steps was a haze of sunshine floating through the open hatch there from the front window of tho saloon, otiierwiso the atmosphere was Bomewhat gloomy. I stepped out of my berth and approached tlic young woman in order to look at the child. She turned her head and seeing me grew grave, and stared, whilst tho baby in stantly ceased to laugh and rounded its mouth and eyes at mo. " This is a dear little child," said I. " What a sweet, rippling laugh it has I Is it a boy or girl ? " "A girl," answered the young woman, with a little suggestion of recoil in her posture, as though I was an object she could not at once make sure of. " May I kiss her?" She held the baby up and I kissed its cheek. She was a golden-haired child of seven or eight months with largo dark eyes. She did not cry when I kissed her. "Sho is a lino child — a beautiful child," said I. " Are you the mother ? " "No, I am the sister of tho mother," auswered the young woman, beginning to speak as though her doubts of ino were leaving her. " Aren't you the lady the sailors rescued yesterday?" Yes," I said. " How glad I am you wero saved." Sho had a boimic face, and I looked at her and smiled and said,," Muy I nurse baby for a minute? " She put the cliild into my arms. I kissed it again, and the little creature stared at me, but did not cry. " You nurso her nicely," said the young woman. "How quickly a baby seems to know an experienced baud I I cannot get the knack of holding her comfortably." At theso words, or at that moment, I was seized with on indescribable feeling — asight- loss yearning, a blind craving, a senso of hopeless loneliness that, as though it had been some exquisite pangof the lie-art, caught my breath and clouded my vision, and the blood left my face, and evory limb thrilled as though an electric current wero pouring through mo. Tho baby set up a cry, and the woman, with fear in her countenance, snatched it out of my arms. "Oil, God! What is this?" I exclaimed, bringing my hands to my breast. " Oh, God ! What is this ! I have lost — I have lost Oil ! What was it tliat came aud went ?" "What is tho matter?" exclaimed Mrs. Richards, coining out of her bcrtii, that was immediately beside whore I stood. " Is it you, Miss G. ?" I did not kuow your voice. Are you poorly ?" " No," I answered, " a sudden fancy — but I cannot give it a name ; I cannot recall it ; I don't know the moaning of.it. "Oh, my head, my head ?" And 1 sat down at tho table and leaned my brow upon my hands. "A little passing fooling of weakness," said Mrs. Richards. " Only think what this poor lady lias suffered," she added, addressing tho young woman, who had risen and gone a few paces away, and wus now standing and holding the baby and staring. "How could anyone hope to be speedily well after such sufferings ns this laity lias paased through ? But I know what will do you good, my dear," and she slipped into hor berth and returned with a glass of her cherry brandy, which alio obliged mo to drink. "And now," said sho, "come to your cabin and composo yourself, and then you shall pay Mrs. Lee a visit." " I do not fool ili," said I, ns I seated myself in my cabin, " it was a .sensation — I cannot describe it. I was holding the baby, aud as I looked at it I — I " " It might have been a littlo strueglo of memory," said the stewardess. "But it gave mo nothing— it showed mo nothing — it told mo nothing." " Never miml," said the stewardess ; " how do you know but it may mean that it is your memory waking up ? I have reiul that people who have been restored to life after having been nearly hanged or nearly drowned suf fered tortures, much worse tortures than when in their death struggles. Might it not be the same with the memory ? It is not dead in you, but it is lying stunned by some thing dreadful that happened to you. Now it may be waking up, and its first return to life is a torment. Let us hope it, dear. And how do you fool now ?" " I should feel happy if I could believe that what vou say is true." " Well, you must havo patience and keep your heart cheered up." Sue then looked at my hair, and saying aloud to herself "Yes, I believe it will bo the very thing," she left me. When she returned she bore in her hand a littlo mob cap of velvet and lace. " Put this on," said she. " It is one of four that were given to mo last voyage by a lady ptmsonger. 1 intended them for a friend in Sydney, but you are welcomo to them. Wear it, my dear." I put tho cap ou, and cortainly it did im prove my looks. " I will not thank you for your kindness with my lips," said I, " if I began to speak my thanks I should tiro you out long before I could eud them." She interrupted mo i " Do not talk of thanking me. I declare, Miss C, I am never so liappy un when I am being helpful and useful to others, and there are many like me. Oh, yes, most of us have larger and kinder hearts than wo givo ono another credit for. Do you feel equal now to paying a visit to tho saloon?" I answered yes, and sho led the way through tho steerage and up tho small flight of stops which couducted to tho after part of the saloon. The sunshine lay in a blaze upon the skylights and tho interior was splendid with prismatic reflections of light. There was a sound overhead as of many people walking to and fro. Tho saloon was empty ; everybody would cbooso to be on deck on so fine a morning. Mrs. Richards walked to tho door of ono of the centre berths and knocked. A soft voico full of music bade her enter. Sho turned tho handle and held it whilst she ad dressed tho inmate of tho berth. " I have brought Miss C.," she exclaimed. " The lady is here, Miss Lee. May she step in 7" " Oh, yes, pray," said tho musical voice. Mrs. Richards made room for me to pass, and pronouncing Miss Lee's name by way of introducing us she added that sho had a great many duties to attend to and quitted the berth. (To be continued.) 