NEW SOUTH WALES MEMS. The death is announced of M>jor TisdtU, the New Zealand Government audit inspector. Dubbo is disgusted because a public holiday has been enfoic^d there, the occasion being a show at Bathurst, which is 100 miles away. The Labor Bureau at Auckland (N.Z.) IB making arrangements to issue coupons to men in search of work entitling them to a meal lor 64. At the Bathurst Show on Thursday, cheers; were given for the Qaeen, for the Governor, for Lady Jersey and family. Lady Jeney responded. A new idea for an advertisement! A Sydney firm of clothiers has issued a summons against Deeming for £9 5*. 61. for goods supplied, which will be heard in the District Court on the 2ad of May. At Maclean, on the Clarence, the ladles who wish to go shopping in tbe main street take a boat instead of a carriage. Ia f&ct;, Maclean, appears to be a short of temporary Venice at present. The Narandera Freetrade and Liberal Association has decided to invite Mr. J. H. Car; u- therc, M.L.A., to visit Narandera during fhe recess, and give a lecture on the political situation of the colony. A new j oumal, the Border Post, made its first appearance on Moadav last. Toe paper, which is printed at Moama, is well got up, 8ad has been started by a number of gentlemen in Moama and Echuca. Mr. George Plummer, freetrader, and Air. WB.Wilkinson, proteciiouut, hav.; announced themselves as candidates for the seat in 5he Bogan electorate rendered vacant by the d«in of Mr. George E Cass. While ferrying a mob of horses Across fhe Hawkesbury River, at Wiseman's Ferry,'he punt swamped, owing to the animals rushing to one side, being scared by a passing steamer. Several horses were drowned. The Earl of Glasgow declines to he conveyed fiom Sydney to Wellington in a warship. He prefers the ordinary mail steamer, or a yacht specially fitted for tbe purpose of travel. A deputation of unemployed waited upon the Mayor of Grafton, who promised that in the event of the application to Government for £500 for fliod repairs being grauted immediate relief works would be started by the municipal council. A resolution was passed at a meeting of the Brisbane Ministers' Union on Friday partly affirming the desirableness of re-introducing black labor, and expressing a wish that all scandals in connection with black labor in Queensland be done away with, The Queensland imports for the past quarter amounted to <£1,157,026, being a decrease of £183,000 as compared with the corresponding quarter oMaet vear. The exports- were valued ac £1,690,098, an increase of £320,000. Tbe gold exports amounted to £471,483, and wool to £805,439. The council clerk of one of the railway suburbs has been suspended owing to tho discovery by the auditors of a deficiency in his accounts. The defalcations already discovered amount to between £200 and £300, - and are expected to amount to a much larger sum whea the auditors have completed their task. A London society paper complains that though colonial A^ents-Ganeral are most decidedly ambassadors, they mist unfairly er j >y little of the social position and none ot the many privileges allowed to diplomatic representatives from territories not nearly so important as those which have grown up at the antipodes. An attempt at suicide wai made at Tumut on Thursday by John Pollard C*rter, a married man with a young family. He tried to drown himself in a lagoon. A resident named Henry Hood, who was passing at tbe time, noticed something moving beneath the water. He went in and dragged Pollard out senseless and black in tbe face. The valuators for the borough of Morpath reported that 25 houses were not inhabited, but many of the so-called houses were in such a state of decay as to be nnworthy of being included. There were no new buildings, but it was hoped that the rates would be at leaBt equal to the amount levied last year. Morpeth seems from this to be standing stilt. It has been definitely decided to formally open the Yass tramway and the municipal carworks on the 20;h instant- The occasion nil) ba celebrated by extensive municipal festivities. His Excellency the Governor ha« accepted an invitation to be present, the Rtilway Commissioners have been invited, and several members of Parliament will be amongst the visitors. Much baa been said lately by press and TJUblic relative to tbe question of illegitimacy. Figures, quoted In the issue of " The Wealth and Progress of New South Wales," show that, in 1890 tbe lumber of illegitimate births io the colony wan 2051, out of which 1056 were in the metropolis, and only 995 in all the country "districts. • This iB a great increase from previous years. • A fatal accident occurred last week at Baker's Greek Consolidated Mine. Thomas Coles, aged 34, together with his mate, drilled and charged a bole ready to fire. The mate retired to the shaft, and was met by a meat ~ish of water and stones, He called to Coles t wat tyt to § ** feo itfc The »tow and water, rushing down the eharit, disabled and buried tbe unlortunale maa. A number of leading stock and station agents of Sydney watted recently on Mr. Eddy, the Chief Commissioner of R it I way q, and his colleaguee, to present tbera with an address, expressing satisfaction with the prese it management of the railways. The presentation came on the Commissioners as a surprise. Mr. Eldy, on behalf ot bis colleagues and himself, returned thanks for it. A proposal has appeared in some of the English newspapers that a umument should bs erected to Captain Cook. The raa<ons So: honouring tbe memory cf a man who has done much to increase the wealth and powr of the British race (says a London gossip) are so overwhelming that I am astonished that no memorial of bis existence ha" been erected in tde metropolis of tha Britiih Enpire. The first case under the extended jurisdic tion given to country courts ot petty B;ssi<-n= in small drtta up to £30 was beard at tbt Carcoar police court on Tuesdav, The. solicitor for the defendants took oVj^ction that the debt had been contracted prior to the passing of tbe new act, ard tbat the court had no jurisdiction. The police magistrate overruled the ol jectioc, and gave a verdict lor the fu'il amount claimed, with costs. The death is aunouncd o! Mr. Gioige Elwin CASS, one of the representatives of THelectorate of the B 'gan in the Legislative Assembly. S)me ini>iitln ago Mr. Cass had a severe sUtek of iiifl'ier z', hut never made a complete v- covery. Li'ely he as been cmfined to h:s bid, and a f«w d -.ys iJuca hi? illness terminated fatally at his resilience, London-street, Eatnore. The deceased was 48 yearn of age, and has left a widow and seven children. The Murrumbi^gpe Turf Ciub Committee held a meeting on Friday evening, Mr. Han« presiding. Mr. C. W. Russell tendered his resignation as hon. secretary. Oa the motion of Mr. Fi'.abardinge, seconded bv Mr. Croaker, the resignation was accepted with regret. Mr. Heath's resignation as a member of committee was accepted. Permission was granted to the Wagga Amateur Racing Club to bold its autumn race meeting on the club's course on the 28th April. Oa 5th inst. a young man named Robert Martin was drowned in Ryan's lagoon, close to the Murray River, near Moama, whilst out in a punt duck shooting. His companion on the bank of the lagoon saw him fall out into the water, and after vainly waiting and searching to see him come to the surface, he reported the. matter to the police. Sergeant Morrison, ol Moama, proceeded at once to the scene of the accident to recover the body. Martin was a resident of Ta.'talia. A telegram fram Armidale runs as follows : —" The Caurch of E igland Synod have concluded its sittings, about 25 clergymen being present. The synod was presided over by Bishop Turner, who announced his desire to be relieved of his duties in order to take a trip home on account cf ill-health. It depended upon circumstances whether he would return. The synod endorsed his wishes. An administrator is to be appointed pending Bishop Turner's final decision." The April issue of Full Salvation ia to hand, and proves as usual excellently got up. It commences with a poem on " Eastertide " by C. A. Morris, and contains besides other articles a very interesting and well written account of the progress of the Army throughout tbe world during the past year. This shows that in the British Isles tbe Army has now 1395 corps, 140 outposts, 3708 officers, and 15 602 local officers actively employed in Solvation Army warfare. Ic the Assembly shortly before the prorogation Mr. Cruickshauk asked the Colonial Secretary whether he would have some inquiry made as to the country districts where there were no magistrates, and see that the necessary appointments were made. Mr. Dibbs said that where there was an urgent necessity for the appointment of magistrates they would be made within a fortnight. A general issue of new members of the commission of the peace would be made before the next sitting of Parliament. A telegram from Orange runs as follows :— " It has transpired that last week three bullocks, one cow, and one calf, wbich were to be offered at the ealeyards, were sold privately. After passing through two hands, tbe cattle were discovered by the inspector of slaughteryards, Senior-constable Sutton, who condemned them and witnessed their destruction. All tbe animals were found to he suffering from tumorous cancers. The cattle were sold privately, it is supposed, for fear ot the strictness of tbe examination by the inspector at the cattle saleyards." We rtfrrred recently to a reported statement by Mr. Copeland to a deputation on the 25 h March, that "there were 25,000,003 or 26.003,000 acres in the Central Uivision un- *eiected at the present time." The term " uuselected " does mean " open to selection," but might ppTbapB he misunderstood. An area ot 26,000,000 acref (including reserves-) is unalienated to the Central Division ; but Mr. C >peland says be added, on the occ^ion referred to, ihat " there were at present 74 million acres (including resumed areas) available for selection in the Central Division." A statement has been prepared showing the number of pages ot Hantard each session, e,nd the average number of pages per week of ail sessions since the first publication of the Parliamentary Debates in 1879 From figures it tfet tfct 199W8S« wflriw wm the beavieet record. Efen in 1883 1884, wfcei) Parliament is said to have sat 53 weeks in a year, the toUl number of pages published as the official rccord was 0235, with an average number per week of 117 pages, a3 against 7354 pages in 32 weeks of 1891 1892, or an average of 229 pages per week. Among recent pieces of news from the country is tho intimation that the proprietor of th&Taloumbie; Hotel, at Maclean, was fired 50.». and costs for having allowed a man to play a tune on a fhte in the bar and the panor. Tue case is conridered an important one, as at various times pianoforle music has been played in most of the publichouses ot the district. Meanwhile, whether the flate ph« er managed to "discourse moBtexcellent music" or not, at least the landlord's erpyment of it must have been pretty well spoiled by the d ff ;rent tune to which he had to dance in the police court. T'io Minister for Mines ha3 ciused the following notice to be posted up at the various aarden's courts throughout the olouy :— " The attention of the Minister for Mines and Agriculture Luving been directed to the practice which obtains of posting no: ices ol intention to apply for go!d>minirg leases, and at the expira'iua of 10 days taking them down and posting fresh notices, it is hereby notified tbat application to lease made by persons U'lilty of this practice will ba refused, and ' lrdcup, wav^eti'd clerks, and bailiff* are reqiested to report eveiy case in which an applicant to lease has resorted to the practice." The National Observer (February 27) says : —" T»o things are needed to render Australia of m-M use to herself, and of full service to tht Empire—federation andatrans-continenial railway from eust to west. Federation is on the way, aid the railway is being agitated. Mr. Price Williams, who has served Annimia considerably by irquiring into and report!? g on its railways—noiably those of New South Wales—has laid before tbe South Auatri'i-iu Government a proposal ot a London syndicate to build a railway from Adelaide to Penh, which will reduce the journey from London to Adelaide by four or five days. Such a saving means a vast deal of commerce between the two countries." Bishop Barrv, formerly of Sydney, baa been preaching at Westminister Abbey upon se'fassertion. He speaks out ot his experience, and ia much in favor of the virtue. Dante, said the preacher, in a well-known passage expresses indignant contempt for one who 'in false humility and cowardice made the great refusal and failed to assert himself. No doubt, in the absence of antagonism, this e&K-assertion; should be quiet and humble; but when antagonism rises against it tbe very cor.fTct ol forces bring out the latent power iu full energy. Self-assertion is not lolly when it is in its right place, but that place, as the great master of the Greek has told u* 1 , is always a subordinate place. Reports from Tiboohurra state that an inquiry has been held before Mr. Maitbrjd t P.M, relative to the death of Richard Eiwaids, a station hand, aged about 60. It appears that the unfortunate man left Tantara for Mount Wood station on horseback, and having camped on the road he let his horse go. It is supposed that he could not find the horse again, and becoming exhausted for want of water tried to make for a well pn the Mount Wood station, but failed in the attempt. His body was found alongside a fe'-ce leading to the well. Several deaths have Lccurred in this district during the present summer from thirst in the bush. The season continues terribly dry, and rain is very badly wanted. William Campbell, aged 21, a selector on the Burra Burra ran, about 40 miles distant from Coadobolio, met with a terrible accident last Friday. He was out shooting, and bad wounded a kangaroo, after which he raised the rifli to hit the animal on. the head. The weapon discharged the remaining charge, which entered the poor fellow's stomach, shattering the spine, the bullet coming oat at the back. Although terribly irjured he. dragged himself in the direction of bis camp for three miles. About 2 o'clock in the mornitg two of Campbell's friends started to drive him into town. He was admitted iinto the hospital about 10. Calpe, who attended the patient, holds out no hopes of recovery, Campbell's mother and sister reside with him. The machinery forBluicing on tbe property; of the Tate River Tin Company, situated on the Tate River, Northern Q ieensland, and which is owned by a New South Wales syndicate, has now been g>t to work,- with the result that tbe ret urn-of washing for the week ending 26 h March shows 18iwt. of payable tin ore valued at about £26 per tor. The result is considered eminnutfv satisfactory, as the Tangye pump of 19,000 gallons capacity per hour, was only erected in order to prove the ground and prepare tbe way ior larger operations. The syndicate have now determined to place the properly on tlfce market at once, with a view to the more effectual development of the property by the erection of more powerful machinery. The Gaards and Shunters' Council and Association held a council meeting at Ridfero on Match 23 Daring the business of tbe evening mention was made of certain statements in the daily press to the tffcet that Mr. §cbey, M.L.A., was the paid servant of a clique of railway servants. It was moved and carried unanimously—"That, in the face of recei t statements that have appeared in a daily paper to the effect that Mr. Sehey, M.L A., was the paid servant of a certain clique of railway servants, this council repudiates ia any way bring Qoqneqta} wife #r, Sobsy ^d fail charges against the Chief Commiesioscr in his administration of tbe Rulway Act; that tho foregoing resolution be sent to Mr. Eddy^ Chid Commissioner for Railways." Tbe Free Press reports that on 7th inst. the engine and ballast trucks were running through Mr. F. C. Piggin'e Oakleigh estate, a little over eight miies from the_ Corowa terminus. The contractors avow their determination to have tbe rails laid right into Corowa by the end of the present month. MeBsrs. Haslem and Monaro ate making most satisfactory progress with the passenger station, good shed, engine shed and cattle-trucking yards, and Messrs. Hardy and Co. have almost completed the station buildirg* at Hopefield, Carnsdale, Burrumbuttock and Brocklesby, and Walla Walla. The official opening of the line should, therefore, take place some time in May. Mr. Rhodes, engineer if construction, is pushing on the erection of the pumping plant. When the Colonial Sscrettry's estimates were under consid'-ration, Mr. Crick, the member tor West Jlacqaarie, made pronounced charges against the management of tbe aboriginal station at Brewarrina. Upon these assertions the Government took action by tending, without d^lay, Mr. Palmer, the stcretary of the Civil Service Board, to make a strict investigation of the station in question and its management. Iu company with the lec-il police magistrate and tbe senior police offiscr in the district, Mr. Palmer visited the station, and made a full investigation, which included tbe examination of a number of witnesses*. Mr. Palmer has sent his report to tbe Colonial Secretary, and this document, it is understood, plainly aseetts that the charges stand unproven. General Booth has heen confiding to the re» porter of an illustrated home papei; t^e »ta*U ling discovery that it is not always the moBt desirable number of a family, who emigrates to Australia. " The family hold a consultation as to what they shall do with John. America and Canada are too near. Australia being still a long way off they send him there. Of course he takes his bad habits with him and sinks lower and lower until the Salvation Army gets hold of him and sets him on his feet again. But does the Salvation Army alwavs succeed in its work ol reformation ? And is the Salvation Army the only asteocy in Australia for raising the fallen 1 General Booth has a decided tendency to ignore all philanthropic efforts which do not proceed from his own organisation. The coal export of Newcastle for la?t quarter sho wsadecrease of 97,568 tons as compared with the corresponding quarter of last year. This is not an encouraging piece of new?. Figures are proverbially said to prove anything, bat by any conceivable process of reckoning to make the figures in question tally even in the faintest degree with the idea of prosperity would be a wonderful feat indeed. Of course such a state of things is not for a moment to be explained by ordinary causes. At the same time the main causes are not far to seek. They are to be found in tbe series of strikes of which the Newcastle district has unfortunately been the scene. Tolerable certainty on this point at least is possible without much dogmatism as tojyfep, was_actually responsible for the disastrous struggles alluded to. The Minister for Public Instruction has purchased from Mr. Roberts, of Pitt-street, Sydney, an. excellent collection, ot mineral specimens, obtained from Broken Hill and district. The Rev. Father Carran, the wellknown geologist, is at present arranging and labelling these specimens, and in his opinion many are so rare and valuable that it would be difficult for them to be replaced. When cataloguing and arrangement in geological order have been completed the specimens will be forwarded to the various technological museums recently established in conntc ion with the department at the principal provincial cities and towns. The broken and damaged portions of the collection are to be distributed to the mineral classes for instruction under the blowpipe and in the crucible. Since tbe new Technical College buildings at Ultimo have been occupied the attendance at the various classes has largely increased. It was feared by many that the college was so inconveniently situated aa to militate, against the class attendance. The experience so far has supplied proof in an opposite direction. During the first half of 1891 the fees received from stndents amounted to £580,.. In the corresponding halt of the current term the fees to hand amounted to £1000, ^he electric engineering class is die most popular of tha eeri s, ae it contains no fewer than 97 students* by far the largest number ia any one class in the Australian colonies, A. few days hence a petroleum engine for driving the dynamo will be in position, and immediately it is in working order the building will be illuminated with the elec ric light. It rarely happens tbat application is made for a ceitificate of discharge 30 years after bankruptcy j but an instance of that kind came before Mr. Justice Manning on Friday; It seemed that the applicant had contravened some of the provisions of the old Insolvency Act in nuci a way that the Chief Commissioner of Insolvent Estates was lefe no alternative but to refnse to issue a ceittfioate; but at the same time he intimated tbat were his ection not bound down by the statute he should have considered a suspension of 12 months would have met the cae. There is a " rider " to the law in question, and io accordance with this rider tbe insolvent whose certificate had been refused, applied for one. ' His Honor granted the application, and iu doing 10 observe* {hit 30 j m nigbt In pttftfmj as covering a lot of offences of the kind originally charged against the applicant. Mr. Inspector Torrens.of the Rabbit Branch of the Lands Department, has forwarded to the Minister a report upon his work for the fortnight ended the 15th ultimo in the rabbitinfested areas ou the boundaries of the Cobar end Balranald land districts. He says that « rabbiting" appears to have been undertaken In a very thorough manner, and that for every animal destroyed he teeh sure at least 30 have died. One may now travel for miles and miles by day and moonlight, in the early tnornlng and late evening, and see perhaps a dozen, unless near water, where the most do congregate, and they are poor and miserable looking. Now and again a small colony ol very iat and strong rabbits is met with. They live principally, he believes, on a watery yam something after the nature of a radish, and thes<! rabbits will give trouble and always be difficult to destroy. Narandera people are in trouble about their waterworks, matters having been brought to a head by the;Commercial Bink informing the council that it could not increase the council's overdraft from £6000 to i9000. When the overdraft for the waterworks was obtained it was estimated that the half-yearly receipts from the waterworks would be jgiooo. Instead of that Bum j£201 19 <. Id. was received, the whole of which, and £53 93J. in addition, making ,£255 8*. 41. in all, being spent daring the same period on working expenses. It has been found impossible, henc», to carry oat the council's contract with the bank, v:z, to reduce the overdraft by ,£500 per annum. Instead of reducing the loan account, on the contrary, it has been considerably increased, end the interest has also accrued. The council is now trying to fl >at a loan. Th*t doesn't mean of course that it purposes dispensing with outside assistance., Ic is trying to place e loan at 6 per cent, in Sydney. A Newcastle telegram says :—" There is nothing to report favorably as regards the coal trade. There have been some manifestations of a development farther northward, but that Will not affect materially the general series of operations. The coal industry of this district is partially paralysed. The competition of the southern cilleries against those of the north has aroused a very antagonistic feeling. The knowledge that one company in Sydney can sell coal free on board at 7*. per ton has produced a very unpleasant sensation here. The coal proprietors and ship agents begin to think that Sydney has a monopoly of the best freights., Io the produce market there is no change worth recording. The wool industry may now be considered closed. The timber trade is even worse than when last referred to. There are no indications of building speculations. The late failures in the banking companies seem to have induced the (miners to teserre their earnings to themselves instead of investing it in bogus companies." A repairt hiss been laid upon the table of the Assembly by Mr. Gilliat, mariner of public Works proposals, with reference to the proposed railway froin Temora to Hillston, The following were Mr. GMliat's conclusions :—" That es any extension beyond Tcmora must await the construction of the line to that place the route to be subsequently adopted should be dependent upon the development of agricultural production that will follow the completion of. thatlifce. An extension towards Cudgellico, while perhaps dependent to some extent upon tbe policy to be adopted with inspect tothe continuation of tbe Molong to Forbes branch, will unquestionably tend to develop a considerable area of land well adapted for tbe .cultivation of wheat. An extension to Hillfitoh^rom""Tetoorala n5t at present warranted 1>y the actual settlement or the probable twffi5. No line ebojild be constructed until the owners of the lsnd through which itSrill paes guarantee to convey to tbn State, free pf cost, so much as may be required for railway purposes." At the Land B-mrd on Monday («ys th* Braidwobd ZJtspaitcA), in 'fpeaking of the first cases which were disallowed as being invalid, the chairman (Mr.B-tte) drew attention to tbe fact that by a recent dectRibn of the Lmd Court in the case of Loughnan v. Albon, decided in March 1890, it was absolutely ira- >erative that Regulation 58 should befollowed ! n all original conditional purchases, which requires that' when' the starting point is not •(ready a surveyed mark that it should be ft post not less than 6in. in diameter and 2ft. liigh and-two Xi-shaped trenches 6ft. long and Sin. defep ahbuld be formed. In consequence of the absence of- these details two selectors, Barlow 'andBrookes, had their selections declared invalid. Of course' tbe parties in question, can select the same land again, and pet it, if they comply wiih these conditions. We wish to draw attention to these particulars, as np to now th<> conditions in question have seldom been- inquired into, and are in fact often, if not always, omitted. In future tbe attention of intending selectors should be directed, to the importance of attending to these particulars, as the law is absolutely imperative. In response to a request made some time *goby the Fruitgrowers' Union, the Minister for Mines and Agriculture caused inquiries to 'be made at tbe experimental. station connec- "ted witbthe University of California, in hope •of securing the services of an expert to give advice in the packing end grading of fruit, and general instructions in conneotion with the Industry. -Consequent on favorable reportB jeoelwd, the Minister has temporarily appoints Mt. A. H. Benton to the position of fruit f^iwwfti Afriwltaro! Department. Mr, Benson was a gold medallist in th'j year 187;) '-t tbo Royal Agiicnlttual College, Cirencer.er, Esglanri. He has ind 10 yeare' experience oi fruit growing in all. its branches in California, two of which were und^r Professor HiPguil aiid Wicfcson at the Bnkeley Experimental Sta'ion. Mr. BJUBOQ bats ako had a laige experience of the trea'ment of insect and fungus pests, and in the practici! operations conneered with the drying aud canning of fruit. H'J has entered on the duties of his office and will at occe visit lha orchards ot the fruitgrowing districts tor the purpose of acquainting himself with the condition of the iudustry, aud at the same time to give advice to fruit growers as to the best means of eradicating the codlin moth and other pests. Tbe London Missionary Society's wellknown baique John Williams started last week from her anchorage in Double Bay on her 24,h annual voyage to the South Sea Island!).' A farewell service, largely attended by supporters and friends of the mission, was held 10 days ago, just before the vessel left the wharf. Sbe was to have gone direct to sea, but, heavy wea'her having Rf»t iu, Captain Turpie decided to anchor in Double Bav, to a*'ait a more favorable lime. Tbe John Williams goes hence to Samoa, where she wili receive on board a number of native teachers who are going to take up mission work in New Guinea. She will also visit all the stations established by the London Missionary Society in the South Seas. The John Williams takes away from Sydney aB passengers Miss Lirge and Miss Sjhul ; z;t The former was recent ly appointed by the directors of the society in Loudon for mission work in connection with the Samoan girls' school. Since the J >bii Williams arrived in Sydney, more tl-an three months ago, she has been overhauled and thoroughly iquipped for another year's work. All those interested in mission work and tbe many personal friends of Captain Roger Turpie will wish " God-speed " to the good ship and all those on board. Private letters (says the Pastoral Times) have been received-in town from Mr. Andrew Brown, late of Tuppal station, who is now in Melbourne after having returned from a trip to Eogiand. His many friends in this district will regret to hear that he has suffered severely from illneBS since his return and that his medical attendants have advised another loag sea voyage. With the view of carrying out this advice Mr. Brown proposes to start from Melbourne towards the latter end of the month for San Francisco, from which city be will proceed to Eogiand. Tbe date of his return to the colonies is not fixed, but it is expected that the trip will last a year or more. Although he has severed his business connection with the district, Mr. Brown Btill retains a warm regard for bis old associations and particularly for the Deniiiquin School r.f Arts, the foundation stone of which he laid just before going to England last year. In his letter he cordially wishes a continuance of the prosperity of the Institute, and as an earnest of his warm attachment to its interests he has forwarded another donation ot 25 guineas towards tbe funds, one-half of which he suggests should go towards tbe establishment of the proposed Literary and Debating Society in connection with the Institute, and the other half to be expeuded at the discretion of the committee. The following wine awards have been made in connection with the Royal Agricultural Society :— Class 298—B?»t' light white wine, any vintage : First pry5J,"W. N- Cousins ; second priz a, W. N. Cousins. Class 299— Best full-bodied white wine, any vintage : First priz>, W. N. Cousins ; second priz>, W. N. Cousins. Class 300—Best sweet whi'e wiue, any vintage : First prize, W. N. Cjniins ; second priz*, W. N. Cousins. Claes 301— B"St l-g'it red wine, any vintage : First priz', Harbotile, Als^p, and C<\ ; second pr z>, W. N. Cousins. Class 302—Brst full-bodied wine, any vintage: First priz», Biuffiar Brothers ; second pr'z Harbottle, Alsop, and Co. Class 303— Bist sweet red wine, aoy vintage : First priz% W. N. Cousins; second priz', Harbottle, Alsno, and Co. Champion rz', any vintage: W. N. Cousins, B.-beoh. Slass 304—BeBt light while wine, 1891 vintage : F-rst prize, W. N. Cousins; second prizW.N. Cousins. Class 305—Beat fullhodi'-d white wine, 1891 vintage : First pr'z-, W. N Cousins; second priz?, W. N. Cousins. Class 306—B*8t. light red wine, 1891 vintage : First pr'zo, W. N. Cousins ; second prza, W. N. Cousins. Class 307—Best full-bodied red wine, 1891 vintage : First priz-», Caldwell and Co.; second prize, W. N. Coueins. Champion priz?, 1891 vintage: W. N. Coueins, Bebeah. Mr. F. E. Rogers, Q.C., the President of the Land Court, torwarded his resignation of that position to Mr. Henry Copeland, tbe Minister for Lands, last week. Mr. Rogers desires to be relieved of bis presidential duties at the end of the current month. The Minister, although regretfully, intends to accept the resigoation. The correspondence upon this subject cannot be published at the present stage of proceedings; but it is understood that Mr. Rogers is dissatisfied with eliminations from the Jadicinl Offices Bill by the Legislative Assembly. It will tw remembered that originally the bill provided for the appointment of the Land Court President to a seat on the Sapreme Court Bench, with a retiring allowance equal to that now drawn by ex-Puisne Judges. The retrenchment party, aided by anti- pensionists, iu the HoUBe excised the retiring allowance provision from the Bill, and subsequently, on the motion of the Attorney- General, all-reference to. tbe -appointment of tbe President of the Land Court to be a Sapreme Court fudge was from the mer.&ure;, Mr. Rogers ia of opinion ;ha: by remaining iu tbe pc?:nou of Lind C.ur: President ha vtiil be dissccistcd from ac.Tv; work in other branches of the le^al pretension, and in hia own interest be foels his better course will be to relicqu^h tbe cliicc be now holds under the Crowu rather than j.opardisj his fuiura prospac's as a prominent member of the New South Wales Bar. At the meeting ol the Rickdals council on Thursday an important discussion the suijjret of straying cattle took place on the report of tbe inspector of nuiaances baing roed. He stated that he had had, several cas^s ia court against ratepayers for having allowed their cattle to stray on the public highway, tincl that the presiding magistrate (Mr. D^lohi-ry) had refused to impose tbe fi.ie as provided bv the by-laws. Oae esse with six separate " informations" was met with the fine of 10*. without costs, although the defendant pleaded guilty to four charges; the fines thus averaged 2>. 6d. each. Mr. Charles Bull (the Mayor of Hurstvillt-) was present at the court, and pointed out the amount of damage done in municipalities by cattle, and drew tbe attention of iLe council to the Municipalities Act, which gave the power to fix tbe penally. The magistrate asked Mr. Bull whether he had been instructed to defend. Mr. Bull replied in the negative. Mr. Ddlobery then insisted on his decision. Tbe inspector went on to repeat that this occurred every time he went to the court with such cases. He asked the council to insist on the provisions of the bylaws being carried out by the magistrate. It was resolved—"That the council's solicitor be ics.ructed to prosecute in the next case of the kind that occurs with the view of taking «tep3, by way of mai>damus, to compel the justice to carry out the by-law, in the event of biB declining to inflict the penalty for the offence proved." A Nyngan correspondent writing on 7th inst. says:—A.t about 2 o'clock this morning an alarm of 6re was given io town. Io was found that the railway goods shed was the Ecene of coc fligration, and the whole structure was soon a vast sheet ol flame. There was no possible chance of extinguishing the fire, notwithstanding the strenuous efforts of many of the townsmen, who were attracted to the spot by the glare of light. The shed, with all its contents, was entirely consumed. It is stated that the loss is considerable. Had the R ail way Department provided sufficient hands to unload the trucks a greater loss would have occurred. Many trucks were alongside tbe goods shed, but Messrs. Wright, Heaton, and Co.'s and Heaton Brothers' representatives, with, the police, saved them by moving them. Stationmaster Rowley was on the scene, and with the assistance of the Mayor, Mr. Prince, kept matters in order. There was much excitement, and alt present worked with willing hands to minimise the loss. It is a pity that tbe water Bupply fcheme proposed was not an accomplished fact; had it been, much valuable pro- perty would have been saved. Messrs. George Sharp, D. HarriDgtop, John Piince, Catiina, and many others helped to save much property. It is supposed that the fire started near tbe goods shed < ffice. An inquiry will ba held by tbe coroner as to its origin. At present no blame is attached to anyone. The local forwarding agentB are eomewhat inconvenienced. The fire was for these parts a big one, and created much <xcitement." What may be termed a reslly miraculous escape, occurred last week. Oa Wednesday last (says the Warren Herald) Mr. Joubert, a well-known resident of Dubbo, was driving down towards Warren on the river road, and when passing through Mr. T. Chapman's horsepaddock, was hailed by a friend'across the river. Being at too great a distance to bear what was said, Mr. Joubert left the bu?gy, and gave the reins to his son, a little boy about three years ot age, who accompanied him, and whof>r eafety, liom the effects of jolts, had been strapped on to the back of the buggy seat. iVhen Mr. Joubert shouted 8cross the river, the mare in the trap must have accepted tbe sound ot his voice as an intimation to go, for she instantly started off, aud from a trot broke into a canter, and then a gallop. She had gone thus at full speed about half a mile when she encountered an obstacle in the shape of an old fence, and dashing into this smashed up one wheel ot the vehicle like glass. Getting through, however, she again sprang forward furiously, and some distance further ahead she collided with a box tree, which last encounter completed the destruction of the buggy, bed and carriage being splintered to pieces. The youngster had been held in his seat tbe whole time, but when the final catastrophe came, the strap which bound him happily broke, and the little fellow was pitched some 10 or 11 yards, lortunately into some high gra«s, where Mr. Joubert a few minutes later found him quite unii'jured, ruefully contemplating the wreckage of what he termed our buggy." u Recently a series of resolutions were passed by tbe Trades and Labor Council, urging the necessity of providiug labor for th«=> unemployed, establishing a Department of Industry, to arrange a scheme of placing the people on the land on tbe priuciple of tbe Homestead Areas Act, and for a clause in all Government contracts for the prevention of sweating. The secretaiy of the council aeked that tbe Government should receive a deputation. In reply to this he has received a letter from the Colonial Secretary's office, pointing out that the Government is doing all in its power to provide work for the unemployed. With regard to the proposed Department of Industry, attention'-is called to .the fact,that the labor bnreaa is proving very successful on tbe same UDM to the Department of Ipdubtry would be worked. It is staled that the Government will civ-j careful consideration to tbo proposal to smile the people on tbe lard, but special legislation wili he needed. Oa the question of sweating careful coriBidcratioa is piomised, end the Premier says that time would be wa&ted; by receiving the proposed deputation. A meeting of iLfluential gentlemen, presided over by the mayor, was held st the town hall, Sj.dney, on 7th in?t., at which a ciu'zan'a committee was formed iu coar.ection with the relief of the unemployed. It was decided to canvass tbe city firms and others for fubscriptions. The Trades and Labor Council has passed a resolution condemning the action of tbe Government in regard to the unemployed,, and meetings are to be called to protest against* it. At about 4 o'clock on Thursday morning Mr. Frederick Clissold, a well known sporting gentleman, died at his residence, GJenwortb, Victoria- street, Ashfiald, from para I v sis. J a September of last year (says the Echo) Mr. Clissold was first attacked by a paralytic stroke, but he recovered eufficently to enable him to take a trip to San Francisco for the benefit of bis health. On his return to the colony Mr. Clissold appeared to have derived considerable benefit from the sea voyage, and continued ia good health untill last Tuesday. On that day he attended a meeting of the Canterbury Park Racing Ciub, of which he was an energetic member, and on Tuesday evening he had another paralytic ftroke. He became unconscious shortly after and remained in that condition until his death. A considerable number of years ago Mr. Clissold carried on business as a partner in tbe firm of Messrs. Hill and Clissold, woolbrokers and woolwasher?, in Sydney, end transacted that business on a large scale. A few yeart, ago he retired and identified himself more closely with the Canterbury Park Racing Club, of which he was one of the oiiginal promoters. He was an ardent admirer of all branches of oport, and figured prominently in the cricket fitfld. He was about 57 years of age, and had been a resident of Ashfield for about 20 years. He was a justice of the peace, and had for several years been an alderman of the Asbfield municipal council, but a short time ago retired. On several occasions he had been requested to come forward as a candidate for the representation of the Canterbury electorate in Parliament, but he refused. He leaves a widow and a family of eight children, some ot whom are grown up. During the hearing of evidence in the ningle meeting of E. S. Smithurst, before the Registrar in Bankruptcy in Sydney at the end of latt week, some facts transpired which detract considerably from general opinion as to the unerring aim of Supreme Court injunctions. Recently Mr. Smithurst purchnsed thu Mudgee Independent for a sum of £2600 ore' of the conditions of the sale being that the previous owners, Messrs. Richards and Coher- were not to enter into competition with the Independent for a period of three years under a penalty of £1000. Before 18 mouths had elapsed they violated the agreement by starting the Mudgee Guardian, and Mr. Smithurst applied to the Equity Court for an ir junction restraining them from continuing their opposition. Tbe i» junction was granted, but the respondents paid no attention to it. The matter was brought under tbe notice of the Court and another and stronger injunction was iesued and, as far as the respondents were cor earned, was treated in the same manner. Again the matter was brought before the Court, and this time a warrant was issued for the imprisonment of tbe delinquents if they pgain trangressed the order of the Court. The respondents paid no more heed to the last order lhan they did to tbe fiist, and Mr. - Smithurst had to return lo the Court sgain and report the continued ignoring of its orders. He was informed that he bhould again move, but as be had spent, all the money he had, and more, be was unable to do BO. -The legal and other expenfes he had alreadyincurred were more than he cculd stand, and he had to lose the paper, lor which he had paid j£26C0, and also to file bis echtdule in tbe Bankruptcy Court. The Sydney Herald, in referrirg to tampering with chcqusB between tbe time of the ledger-keeper initialling and the paying teller handing over cash, Say* :- " Perhops iheeurest plan to prevent alteration is in tbe simple and sensible method of the Bank of New South Wales, in which the cheque passes direct from the ledger-keeper to the teller -without £he' intervention of the bearer ; and euch a practical and uncompleted system is within reach of all banks if 4bey wish to adopt it. But assuming that it passes by the hand of the bearer, a correspondent suggests that the ledger-keeper ahou'd stamp the chi que with 'under a hundred ptunds,' or 'utder ten , pounds,' as the case may be ; while another correspondent shows that this may be ineffective if the forger operate within the limits so defined. But if the ledger-keeper, instead of making an enigmatical scratch in blue peccil on the face of the cbique, took the scarcely greater trouble of writing tbe whole amount on the back of it, in hia own clear handwriting, so familiar to the paying teller, there ute could hardly be any fraud effected. This, „iinised however, is probably t o simple a remedy to >ur modern sugeest itself to anybody. But while theessbneeive of ite varied advices are given to the haukeie<b auch marvellous not the duty of drawers of ctuques Jfuse the ghosts of the mse a little responsibility on thetfrk age* to visibly present man began hia writicr*" no open spaces, ' «mounta CQinr *' not well be Btiy each fraud as that discussed. Bat there is a slovenly fashion of drawing and issuing and dealing generally with chtques that is a direct incentive to fraud." 