THE PLAYHOUSE?. A Great Bijou Success— The Times. Last night of Mrs Bernard Beere at the Opera House. Faust at the Princess. Last week of Bland Holt at the Royal. CUERENT PLEASURES. Phenomenal success nt tlie Bijou will) The Times. Last night of the Bernard Beere Company. Bland Holt is doing grand business in lii* latest attraction, the last week. Faust at the Princess. Fitzgerald's Circus at St. Kilda Thurs day next. Phil Stuart's Waxworks merrily booming. Dan Tra cey at ths Gaiety. Coglrills at St. G e o i g e 'b Notes u p to date. By 'Qoiz.' STAGE GOSSIP FBOM AMONG THE PLAYERS. Tlie much advertised Ironmonger's gathering at the Theatre Royal last evea ing, under the personal wing of Mr Fred. Coppin, went off with the eclat of a torpedo. The house was crowded in all parts by a representative, not to say brilliant awjencc, and Bland's realistic production of A Run of Luck has seldom shown to better udvai tage. Not a point was made in vain, and when it came to the grand finale, The Steeplechase, enthusiasm roue to fever heat. ' Meat hooks,' ' cutlery,' and ' nail can6,' intermingled with excited ejaculations, flew about the auditorium, and, as we Emiled up our sleeve, we were not at all sorry that we had taken the precaution to pay up our life assurnnce policy the day before yesterday. As usual on such occasions, the manner iD which the intervals are filled is — the . thing. The Ironmashers' metal was good, decidedly good. Then, take note, they bad the assistance of locil talent, Johnny Spottiswoode (who doesn't know Spotty.?), of St. Kilda, sang his pet melody, 'The Old Rustic Bridge,' the chorus being particularly quaint and rustic. Pooley, or rather, Leslie Pooley (cf clean shaven face), teemed to have 'em on wire with hia version of 'Ta-ra- re-boom-de-ay.' On the whole, Young Coppin may shake hands with himself, ?whilst Bland — well, Bland ought *o pen sion him for the term of his natural life, on the j.rinciple that one good turn de serves another. Fitzgerald's Circus will play at St. St. Kilda on Thursday next. Locality — rear of. Greyhound Hotel. The Times are at pie6ent the talk of the town. We don't mean what you mean, we refer to the Bijou show. * Frank Gates' benefit is postponed, but, mark you, E. B. Manning'e is not. Pate, Friday next. So Fitzgerald's Circus had a grand A.N.A. night last evening, and a big success it was, too, despite the child-liko opposition of the local natives. It does one's heart good when ODe hears a rival manager speak well of a rival show. The Times at the Bijou is well spoken of in more theatres than one. Bee it? Joe Biilin is now running a pub. at Hawksburn. He may know how to draw beer, but he lias yet to learn how to draw audiences (and a notice from a pressman) to music halls. Ha ! ha ! ha ! ! Dan Traeey does not throw up hie Gaiety lease. Dan has some excellent people around him, including vocalists of the first water. Mi6s Ida Clark6on, with her contributions, may be singled out for special praise. The Alexandra people are doing great business in the circle.— The ghost walks, nevertheless. True Pattie Browne has gone home, but not under engagement to Toole. Puttie, prior to leaving, informed we that her trip unto England was purely one of pleasure.' Of course, should an engnge ment crop up, Pattie will accept, and do her beet (a to Nellie Stewart) to make one London success. Toddy Boyce in town, en route to 'Hingland.'— Order-sh 1 Billy Elton, arrived home, has been intei - viewed by some English pressman. Billy describes affaire Australian when he left as 'Warm, very warm.'1 Billy hasn't for gotten land syndicntee and Mayor Ellis, evidently. Romeo and Juliet balcony -.scene .af the Opera^House (o-night. Mrs Bernard Beere vand young .Stuart will paint this affeeting^icture of Italian love and woe —Ar&etioMy;, of poiiree. Titperadge's gag in. The Times— Dear old i^U,— Jiiay be taken ae an ad. for E. 3B. Manu|pjg:'ecoinidg|)jBnefit; ~ - E B., by the way, has b-;en the good and faithful servant of the two B's. in their Bijou enterprise for the past four years, and is well deserving of the bumper house that is proniiseil him on the 29th., that's next Friday night, and don't you forget it. Another six short nights, and we will be called upon to say on revoir to the popu'ar Bland Holt nnd Company. Rubbish. The Times were never better — at the Bijou. The Bijou folks hive staged The Times superbly, and certainly not in keeping with the commercial times. During all four acts, only one setting is used, bu that is good enough for a do.^en. Isn't it, now ? By tlic way. en passant, one objection, that photograph. But there, perhapF, after all, it is excusable jin the house of a Bompas. All the city papers agreed that A Hun of Luck was realistically staged at the Koyal, the hounds coming in for special notice. Did you notice 'em ? The Strezlesk Brothers, now appearing at the Waxworks, may be described as an essence of such men as Snazelle, Carl Hertz, and Jensen, rolled into one. A rattling good show at a popular price, not forgetting Deeming (in wax). Bland Holt, his charming wife, and superb company, return from whence they came — Adelaide — Lucky Adelaide. Fiist the Gaiety, then Bland. It takes a bill- sticker over two hours to pest ons of Bland Holt's big signs on ti street hoarding. This interesting in dividual, and the lucky theatrical printer, arc the only people who think theatrical life worth iivine nowadays. Amory Sullivan, late of the Royal, is still residing at St. Kilda. Amory seems to be lying low. Mies Marie Fraser, one of the latest Brough-Boucicault importations, who luade her debut in The Times, is not altogether unlike our Emma (Temple), that's in the mou'd of the face. Herbert Standing anj party occupied Monday's Bijou Prompt Box, with Catherine Forte6que, of Evangeline fame, close handy. Both artists enjoyed the produc:ion muchly, if their applause is to be taken as a criterion. Then who wouldn't V Boucicault, as Timothy McShane, in The Times, makes a very warm Home Kiile Member. We wouldn't like to meet McShane after midnight, Frank Catee' benefit at the Opera House early in August— Hamlet. One of the attractions will be tlie debut of Mies Aimee Moore, of the Herald staff, as Ophelia. Miss Moore bae, for some time, been con nected with the Balaclava Social Club. May success be her'e. More than one of the City Press have only discovered that Sass sails for Eng land next month. We sympathise with Chronicle readers. Rtgnold leaves the Princess about the middle of August. Faust goes up to night, and, when it has had its night, he will probably (and wisely) drift into meloil rammer. If Little Brother Bill were only in Melbourne, there would be a fortnight's business in the Merty Wives. Dtn't you think eo, Master Ford. Overheard at tlie Bijou circle in the vicinity of the prompt box. — Fair Toorak onion, addressing her Johnnie — ' Cholly, can you tell me why a play is like a cigar ?' ' No.' ' Well, because, if it's d good one, you take a box. and, if it's a bad one, no amount of puffing will make it go.' P.S. — The Times is good enough for a box any night. Did it ever strike you how partial to canine pets stars of the footlights are? Jennie Lee, you know, has a little terrier who sliioes in Run Wild. Mrs Brough pos-setiBes several small pups. Young Bnucicnull, you've seen his ''dawg.' Madame Bernhanlt, again ; then. Beelze bub has a Blnnd Holt, or rather, vice versa. Whilst llie Gaiety girls — well, their puppies are altogether too numerous to mention. A pet Sf. Hilda gag — ' have you Been our new organ V' Yes, and their drop stctie as well. The latter, by the way, as a piece of rcenie display, is about tiie j;reat.-st eliock hij aitigtic eye could meet in u day's niHrch. It would be howled iJowji (nr rather, vj-) in a fourth rate music hnll. Theatrical business, if anything, bus been slightly on lire improve .since our last issue. A marked change has been noticeable at the Bijou, consequent upon the production of Pinero'slatest and greatest Old World success in four acts, entitled, The Times, The genera) effect ie simply immense, the acting and etageing alike superb, and may be briefly summed up a production of: productions.. In fact, bo near perfection have the management ap proached, that even the would-be captions critic is deprived of the pleasure of dis covering a metaphorical peg upon which to hang a deprecatory remark. Bravo MiBter Brough Bnd Mister Boucicault. You're real bricks, ami if success in The Times you do not achieve, it will be the other times (we know 'em) alone respon sible. Mrs Bernard Beeie will this evening make her final bow to an Australian audience at the Opera House, for which occasion the management -have arranged an appropriate programme, which will enable that talented lady's many admirers to witness sparks from a couple of her greatest successes. As an extra attract'on, the balcony scene fiom Romeo and Juliet will be sho»n. Mrs Bernard Beere appear ing as the fair maid, whilst Mr Otho Stuart will be called upon to support her. On Satur.lay evening the Gaiety Burles que Company reappear for a three weeks' final season. 