WIT AND HUMOR. “ What made Sampson weak?” asked the Sunday-school teacher. “ A home-made hair cut,” promptly replied a boy in the front row. The world is like a crowded ’bus; A few good men, perhaps, Mav find a scat, but most of as Must hang on by the straps. Fcathorstouo—“Do you believe in ghosts?” Travers— 1 “ Well, for years I*have been living in a haunted house. ’’ Fonthcrstonc— 1 “ You don't tell mo? Who is it haunted by?” Travers—“By ray tailor.” Wife — “ You'vo been drinking again. ” Husband—“Can*t help it, m* dear —make rno sho happy, m' dear.” “Huhl Makes you happy, eh? I‘d like to know why.” “Bo (hie) cause I kco two of you, m* dear.” “ I say, Yorick, do you know why you are •bo like a donkey?” “Like a donkey!” echoed Yorick, indignantly. “No, I certainly don't.’’ “Do you give it up?” “Pshaw! Of course I do.” “Well, because your belter half was stubbornness itself." “That not had! Hal Ha! I'll givo that to my wife when I got home.” “Mrs. Yorick,” ho began, later on, as ho sat down to supper. “ Do you know why I am flo like a donkey?” Ho wailed a moment, expecting his wife to give it up. She looked at him somewhat com raisoratingly as she ausworod : “I suppose be cause you were born so.” " Mrs. Yorrick bad a deceased pot parrot stuffed recently. Soon after it oamo home tho feathers began to come out. She went to tho place to complain, whereupon the manager shut her up with: “Madame, you should rather givo us credit for the way wo imitate nature. What bird did you over aoo, no matter in what climate, that did nob moult in its proper season?” Mrs. Yorrick is now waiting patiently to see if the feathers come back again. Ho was on trial for manslaughter, and tho legal luminary was trying to get him off by pleading madness. “’Gentleman of tho jury," ho insisted, “you have hero a poor miserable lunatic, a downright madman.” “Excuse' mo," broke in Uio prisoner, “Aren’t you going a little too far?” Gentlemen,” con tinued the banister, “have you any further doubt on the point, now that you have heard him contradict mo?” A young barrister, occupying chambers in the temple, was taken by au old friend to a dinner at the homo of two ladies—one a widow, the other Hie hostess, the latter's husband being in Indio. It so chanced, at this especial dinner the widow had east off her weeds, and tho young counsel found it diffi cult to distinguish the married lady from the widow, i hey being very much alike ho thought. “It is very warm,” the lady remarked, fanning herself. “Yes; but your hubsand has gqnq to a still warmer climate," j-Qspqudod the guest. The young lady started and qimply stared at him ovcp her tap. “My husband 1” she retorted, «lie is dead. ” “ Oh, ton thous and pardons I” replied ho. “I mistook you for your sister, whoso husband has gone to India." It was in the old Catholic church in Buffalo (?ays the Chicago Post). In the midst of tho service a little Irishman, who was in the enjoyment of a fortune ho had worked hard to got, and who was tho lesseg qf tho second pew from tho ffUfitj entered. Ho walked impressively dqwn the centre aisle, as becomes a iqaq of independent means. Several StrongO ladies word occupying his pew.. There was room for him but that was not enough. Ho placed ono hand on the hack of tho front pew, and, with a wave of the other, said in a voice loud enough to be hoard all over the church: “Come, out av that, now.” Very much surprised and confused thq Indies obeyed, and then they \ygvc» tested to another sensatioq by the lessee Baying: “Now, in vrid ycz again, and make your- Sftlvus alsy. Oi only wanted ycz to know who qwnod the pew.” Ho accompanied his com mand with such a sweeping gesture and winning smile that the Jadios complied and tho interrupted priest resumed, A SUGGESTED EXPKIUMBNT.—A man who in »do a fortune out of soap —not tho well known brand that you are thinking of, but another—declared once that the papers owned it to themselves to set up on advertising object-Usson. His plan was this :—Ten papers in- ten big cities should combine and advertise somebody for nothing qutil they made a millionaire o.f him. utterly xinkuown, in a snxall way of bnsineas, should bo picked out by a paper in ono of the cities. He must have something useful to sell. The ten papers wore then to give him a column a day until ho was rich. From three months to a year would bo time enough, be thought. Then another paper in another city should pick cut another man, either as a reward for getting subscribers or anything, and so on. These rqon would then bo used as o 1 >j, essonson tho awful effect of advertising. Tho idea is given free fa any ton papers that like to take it up. 