A MAD SPECTRE.. By Pkan Pliantom. . .. -iL/. " - « — — " Any ghosts, wraiths, spooks, 9pectres or other ' "rep'resentatives of your defunct ancestors, here abouts?" / I asked the question of my friend, Augustus Dan- forth, as we seated ourselves before a blazing fire in the stately library of the grand .old gray stoiie pile which had recently come to him by inheritance, and which I now visited for the first time. "I can't speak from personal knowledge," .he laughed, " having had no experience with the, gentry, but, tell it not in Gath, publish it not in Askelon, or . every servant would quit the place without an hour's notice — if tradition speaketh, correctly, there are half a dozen, more or leas, closeted about the house somewhere, though, as they are not disposed to disturb my nightly slumbers, I don't propose to hunt them out, and they are wel come to possess in peace." We bad botn seeu, read, hea d, and, best of all, thought muuh since we last met, and we thought of many things that night ; of thingu seen and unBeen ; of the natural and the supernatural ; of, -the body , terrestrial and the body celestial. We talked of old friends and old times, and at my request Dan- fdrth gave me a brief account of his ancestry, names, characters and eccentricities :i.nclud(ed. The night itself was conducive to good fellowship;, all the four winds of heaven were roftriug ami rol-; licking in the wide-mouthed chimney; and capering; in and out the gables and cornices, whistlings through the keyholes and thrashing at the leafless' oaks and giant elms in a regular high daddy, - witches' frolic that reminded one oL " Jngoldsby in his gayest mood. : /" The full moon held high carnival amid the flying scud that occasionally obscured her brightness, and now looked calmly down upon the animated scene. A large grey owl sat perched on a swaying branch and asked his monotonous question at every ap propriate interval. We stood looking out of the French, window fop a moment before separating for the' night, Danforth remarking that a storm was browing, the moon being partially obscured by a watery baze and enveloped in a circular nigjit-cap. as if for protection. "You and the spooks will bave.'it all to your- selvcs ; this is the only room that is occupied on this side the house," he said as he bade me good night on the landing. '. All right," I responded ; " if they cut up very rough I'll sing out, and' - you can come to the rescue. ' I was dog tired after my long' journey, though I hadn't realised it until how, and gave but a hasiv glance rqund-the room; merely noting its size and comfort, before turning in, and in five minutes was in that mystical land where the mind wanders at will, untrammelled by the body, r I may have slept an hour, perhaps longer, when I was aroused by, or became conscious of, a sound in the room resembling tbat made by a rapid player of the bones. For a time . I struggled with the drowsiness that possessed ma, but", as the sound con-; 'tinned and increased 1 gradually woke up to the significance of it, and opened my eyes; As I did so the : moon emerged from a cloud, and a long, bright ; stream of silvery light fell across the floor. , - , Just in the!;yery centre of the radianoe I saw a sight that made my heart thump like a trip-hammer for a minute, until I refliflpta that no one had 'ever-heard -bit hspectre. doing any real damage to anyone, and determined to pluck up courage. My ghost was none of the ordinary kind, I would have you to understand, being no more or no less than a gibbering skeleton. - In itself this was quite enough to arouBe a feeling of curiosity, if «o stronger emotion, bat add to it the fact tbat so far from standing upon its pedal extremities, as any welt conducted ghost would do, it was carefully balanced on its hands, with its fees in the air, and the head elevated like a turtle, and wagging from side to side when I first perceived it, aud fuithermore that it started oft. into a variety of contortions to which double, somersaults and the hop, skip and jump acts were the mildest prelude, and you. have a faint idea of an odd, not to eay striking, perform ance. My tongue clove to the roof of my mouth for a few moments; and then I summoned, the courage to ejaculate 11 llelioa !" in a decidedly weak voice. The spectre, or skeleton, paused instantly in a pirouette upon the right hand index finger and faced mf, head;. tilted up ward, and gri.krii.ng hor- I'ibly '"'Shan't Jo it," a weird voice returned. "I 'hellosd once with a vengeance, though, but it bad no effect except .to waRe the echoes and frighten the rats." . - - " I beg pardon," I ventured. " 1 didn't think you could talk." "Why not? There's a© law against it, I sup pose," he chattered. \- " Oh, no» of course not J ; But you see inost people require a tongue for that sort of thing.' . v That's where I baye the advantage of youl I have a tongue, and it can wag as fast as another roan's, too, only I haven't used it for so long that it's a trifle rusty. I have eyes, and flesh, aud blood, and nerve and muscle, only you are blind aud can't see them.". " You don't say I Why; your bones , look as dry as—as a haystack." . x Well, so they are, but I still invest tb cm, and . shall until they crumble away as my other material part has ; then I shall be ail spirit, with a body of a different kind / ' " Gracious ! I don't mean to be disrespectful, I a&sure; you — but— who are you, anyhow?" "1 might ask you the same question with a better grace, siuee 1 find you intruding up6n my privacy ; but no matte ; you're not ' to the manor born,' or you wouldn't ask ; everyone with the slightest" pre- . tensions to relationship has heard of the Mad i Baron. I'm his s poet re, aQd eveiy .whit as .mad now as I was when they dubbed me so, yet I am as Sane as yourself ; everyone is more or less mad, you know." they called you mad, eh ? What for?" 'Why, you see,' my mother died when' I was born, and what with missing. her, and with inherit ing her weakly 'constitution,' and one thing and an other, I was "a puny youngster, arid exercised my lungs to such good purpose that my nurse spent toe major part of her time in trotting and dandling me upon her capacious knee. Now this might "have been all right for the ordinary youug one, but you see it was different with me ; I was feeble and my bones were hollow, so that my brains gradually settled down to the lowest point and lodged in my heels. Of course no ooe knew of this, or .thev might have-Rung me up by the heels and set me to rights. I wasn't conscious of it myself until I came tu'an age where 1 began to reason; and then I set to work to remedy the trouble. A man ean't be strictly sensible with bis brains upside down, s© I began tc- practice walkiug upon -my head, or hands, rather ; and a, soon as I was inverted, and my brain in its proper position, I was all right. Folks began to look at me. askance after, tkat, though, and finally f was fastened up here and nsver allowed te go out." V The deuce ! I mean — that was pretty hard on ; you, especially as you were quite sane. I hope you' don't mind" my being here V "Not at all ; I rather like it, if you don't object to my little eccentricities. I most have some exercise." " Certainly, but why choose the night ?" " I haven't any spite against the present occu pant, and it would be sure to make trouble with servants and children, if there are any, if I were to appewt in the waiting for myshoes, and.waitingeagerly, too— Ik-! the dead of night, and frightened him half to death; Although they shot me up I alwavs con- i trived to get out, and gave them/no end of trouble. : -to "-the very last. I was helped off, finally, yon 1 know." .j :?i?. ... " ' " The deu — what do; yori ineaaJ ' \ " Why, helped to shuffle off the mortal coil/. 4t " You don't mean it?" "Yes, I do; it was strychnine/the most diaboli- i; cal poison- eyerrinyentedv; ; My/broiber 'BlippW/ai 1 1 easily into my? shoes as if they" had beerimad'e-W - his measure, but something troubled him., and alter a long time he came to the family vault,4 one dark night, and opening my narrow prison- house rifled it of my bones arid took: them home."' After placing tbeiri in the large c-l'o38t over there he locked the : door, and next day I overheard workmen cementing the cracks, and.it has never been opened 'from -thati , day to this ; in faot; the door-kriob was removed',, j and it has always been considered as no more or less than a panel. But, bless .you, they, canlt chain.' spirits, even those partially trammelled by the, ; material, with bolts and bars. I stood by my brother's bed or gibbered on the footboard' every' night of his, sinful life,: until 1 think he! would: have beea-glad to die, except that he was afraid of .whafe cariie after Sometimes he stretched out his hands- and pleaded with, me to go away and leaye;/hrm peace ; and brice he leaped" out of bed and implored, me to kill him and end.; it all. , But I was not" quite/-, bad enough for that. , I - went .away/ then and he cried soon after. 1 haven't Bought to find him since naturally be doesn't care, to li ngerabQut; the-/ : scene o3f his'orime, arid-rbn .,th.ef whole— per'baps he>! ' suffered enough— hellok ! .what's that4? Daylight,, as I'm a- skeleton I Weli',go'od-day 1" Arid "lie-" < vanished into thin air in the twinkling of am eye. ; /'Ever taken a good. look around-.t he unoccupied. ; side of the house?" I inquired carelessly, the next : day, after discussing a hearty breakfast with Dun- fortb. . " No.; suppose we go oyer/t tbgethgr thi igqiTttg Tpig," he shgge8ted>-«ro!lt'friri5 tlr-¥a'b"le5aMV5 lit our cigars. " ' Agreed," I returned," arid we strolled about fop several hoars, poking into ajU sorts of nooks and j corners, and discovering a secret passage from una room to another, in„tRemb.stUrin6cerit Igjqii&bnH; i iri-'tbe world.r„:i -V' ? ¥ V t'% i' / J 'w' ; ; " By the way," I,. said, r." isn't, it .a , little; str/inge-, that in ao.iargb a ro'ouihsthat I 'occupied last "nigi.r,. thfere is no closet ?' V % n j Strange enougliV i klidula fh'irik. 1 Are you sure,, though ?" - /" Reasonably,'.'. ; 1 : '!- -- "' I said it, with .a mental reservation. . ! f-.i '".Lei'us examine into it," quoth Danforth..,-,.; - r,; He went to work,r)ooking carefuily all along tlio wall. A Eier" i moment he paused/- v By Jovef'-Diek;'' (VutT'/!,eri"ber¥— that's cement, surb'so1iIrt:Jali He'll 'caff 'pjelt B bu t with my knife; ifee'p till.'-thdugh, aricihAviHi see what's inside in a brace of shakes." After -two hours .of hard .work, J stood ,bqck,;whi In, . Dariforth' pried o'psn' tlie dobr wiih' a, c|iisel.Jj. A.'.t'al'lLi skeleton f»ill clattaring' down tipbri Ofiri flqo.r."! V : . ; " The deticii V' cried ll.inforth, ... y/ -.i, " The jmad' spectre 6f tlie Mad !Bafbri(J" 8ai3"I?.,? 