THB EMPEROR'S DILEMMA. An amusing and curious transaction in China, in which the Emperor took part, ia recorded in three recent issues of the Pekin Gazette. A short time ago Ma Ja-Lung, at one time Commander-in-Chief in Yunnan, died at his native place. Many citizens in the province drew up an elaborate memorial to the Emperor, setting out the great deeds that public bene- factor had perfot5ncd, and praying that suitable honours be bestowed upon his nomorv. Thi> tnpmnrAliafB tni that Jf n.ao © who put down the great Mohammedan tbellioo in Yunnan about 20 years ago. Firet and last,'1 the paper said, "he was urruraental in killing over 10,000 of the «ony, and in his own person practically de- eidi the fate of Y unnan. ' ' . ! reply to this memorial the Emperor JS6UJ a decree ordering tbat the highest honfrg tbat could be paid to one of the deceased commander's rank be iriveti to hira, including the erec- Jjon 4a temple in the capital of Yunnan. The I Aerial historian also was ordered to complete record of his brilliant exploits. After ww another memorial came to the Emperoifoin Yunnan. Thepromtnent men who siRll the document denounced the General Wound term. They said that in hie i youth was aloafiug, good.for-notbing fellow, w.m nobody could abide. When uvlC t i.<ioc,urred 8ol<i himeelf to the Tf service he pro ved himselfa mon - InnHF2 acd once caused the massacre ?; J ' n F®108 » a naplnred city. Finally I£ " Ty bribed him to desert the rebsU >nbater the Imperial service ne a nTfk- rode in a yellow chair, and iv.tl,i .aa he liven after that he was trMjeroua to the Emperor, and !n f capital to a rebel attack in revenge hng comielled to ride in a green chair. I, vras alwavs ready to ran over to the viii,, 8ide, ,od hie later eer- vieea did not i the leat atone for hie atrocious crunch. ,, 'rlle f'g®"? ofthe document eaid that who had reommendedbiro for poathn- tnous bonoura wee nothing but a lot of email irMera, and, hat if the honoura were not withdrawn the, feared tint the tens of thouaande of innoont eoula whom he had SBnt to Hades wouldbe unableto elose their eyee for indignation. They, fterefore. asked for a revocation of tb- decree giving hononr to the spirit of the debased Ma. Here was a dilena for tie Emperor. The hononre which Hie had odcred. were already in process i bestowal At last he issncd anotheri desree extricating nimaen irom nis difficulty. He eaid that the bestowal of iuch a high distinc tion ae the erection ofa memorii! temple should only be granted where tin twpular feeling was unanimous in its favair ; end, as prateo and blame seuned to be equally apportioned in the pnsent instance, he ordered that tha previousdecree, ae far as it related to the temple, diould be cm celled. Ma's doings in the flesh ire recorded by the historian, but his ghost will have to do without votive offerings, which, it ii to be P-umed, would be parfcularly ageeable The phonograph of Edison has been trfcd bv Superintendent Johnson, of the Deaf! and Dumb Institute, at Indianapdia, U.S. Hefinds that the iastromeet concentrates the eousd on the dram of the ear in such a way that mmv of the pnpile, otherwise deaf, can hear. Of 56 ' ?6 eould distinguish wordi. to oouffi hear music, and only three of the number heard nothing. 