, ..SPORTING.. U. ..I.-- t; ' --J ,» . .« j. . ' . ' . "TURF. .. k.' l ; - - py-r - |. . (By Early Bird.) . -Tho Sydney Driving Park Club was : favored with splendid weather yesterday, |; tuid a very good attendance was present to j witness what turned out a highly interest- : ing afternoon's sport. The first item dis- i erased was the Welter Handicap, for which |! nine sported silk. Flirt III., on the l.attength of a remarkable private . go which was spread about, being ; bucked down to even money. Pink 'Unwas : marketable at 3 to 1, Lytton at 4 to 1 und Mascotte at a point longer. The start was I somewhat mulled, owing to Mr. Hcgartynot ! perceiving Firt III. being before the post, I and upon giving the word most of the eom- : petitors went once round. On reassembling I and a'fresh commencement being made Lyt- ; ton was first to begin and showed the way ' for tKd best part of the journey, when Pink 'Un and Norway took charge, and the | latter lasting longest won cleverly. The < winner went out unbacked. Only four j took' part in the Unique Selling Race, Albion being an odds-on favorite, and win- j ning easily from Sapphire, after which she 'was bought in for £24. Very, Iit'le interest was attached to the Trot, Tom King going V out at 6 to 4 on. Scanty support was : accorded to Era and Little Ben : 'at 4 to 1, while some fow thought Charmer : worthy oi an investment i.nt 6 to 1. The re3uh was an easy victory for Era, a four year-old son of Childe Harold — Violetta, the property of Mr. YV. H. Deane, of Trevullyn, Windsor. This ' horse hud only been up three weeks, ; and this was his first appearance in public, and, probably, will be his last for some time 1 to come, as lie will go to the stud thecoming : season. Era has been two yeurs at . the service of the public, and his decisive ; victory is' not at all likely to have ; a bad effect on owners of mares who were looking for a trotting stallion to mate tliein with. Mr. Deaue's colt is likewise a first prize taker i>t the Royal Agricultural v Society's show, and as be is bred the right f way, being a full brother to Viking, and a j splendid type of a horse, his services are : worth huving. Mr. J. Finn unearthed a . surprise in the shape of Euriinbla for tlio i- Club Handicap, the mare going out at i 10 to 1 offered. Fifteen started, and not- I, withstanding six horses were well supported, : the. winner was friendless. The curtain fell . with the Moore Park Handicap, when a ' sirtiilar number faced the flag, Kelton being . in most demand, with Revival next. Re vival ran a good race, and won easily from ; Albion, who had his head in front of Mas- ! cotte for second place. During an interview with Sam Allen by a :. representative of a Melbourne paper, Allen Bays:— " Barney Thompson is doing pretty ! ..well in England. He hus managed to work lip a good connection. Joe Thompson is \- not betting as heavily as he was. Things have been very bad there. Joe. looks a bit older ; he is very grey, but he's just as lively ; as ever. He doesn't talk oi coming out. I heard lie had -'utilised' something like £50,000 in his business. When I say utilised : I don't mean ho had lost that amount, But he had a terrible lot of bad debts. All the i cronk 'uiis — and I tell you there arc some bad 'uns in England — noblemen of all , degrees -had got on to him. Joe, I hear since, has turned up betting, and has started i a. commission office. Charley Westbrook ; appeared to be getting a living. Joe Marks ib betting, and doing all right. He hadn't ; made up his mind when I left whether he'd \- stop at home or come oat again. I saw ' Euclid win at Kempton, I tell you some of ' the boys backed him for a heap of money. ' A . bettor named Marks, for instance, ; pocketed £20,000." ' Street-bettors in the English metropolis ! are not nearly so wise in their generation j- as their " canny brethren " in Glasgow. In : London they show no ingenuity whatever, but simply stand at street corners until the \- police arrest them as obstructionists, and tyust to a little bit of extra attention to business in the futuro to defray the fines ' inflicted upon tbem. ' In Glasgow they are : much more enterprising. A local Act ' tenders street- betting illegal, but the > fraternity have taken counsel's opinion, and : are told that it applies to foot passengers ' only. Recently the , curious, spectacle was witnessed of betting men drivine about in > waggonettes plying their trade. Their client simply stepped into the vehicle, staked his | money, and then got down. The new sys- 1 , tern created a great deal of amusement. The ! streets of London are so crowded, and there i are already so many "crawling cabs" in i thorn, that law-abiding citizens can grate- ' fully dispense with the importation of the | latest specimen of Glasgow ingenuity. The Totalisator Bill ns introduced into i, the. Victorian Assembly will only affect Flemington and Cauifield. Consequently it : will -not reach the proprietary and eubur- : ban racecourses, and the tnerry book and > backer will > bo able to meet and exchange f. congratulations as in times of yore without fear of being interrupted by tho law ; officials. . . . .The Auckland Racing Club held Us annual meeting on Monday last, when the following resolutions were on the business LjiJaper for discussion :—" l. That the trus tees of the Ellcrslio Racecourse be em- i powered to borrow from tho Australian . Mutual Provident Society the sum of £10,000 for the term of 10 years, at the rate : of interest of £9 per centum per anuum, reducublo to £7 per centum per annum by punctual payment of the interest at theaaid ; rate of £7 per oentuni per annum, on the security of the Ellerslie Racecourse, ; the properly of the Auckland Racing Club. 2. That the mortgage deed, Bccuring Ibc seid sum of £10,000 and interest, shall contain (til such covenants and conditions as ; lite committee, of . the said club may authorise, and a power of sale by the mort gagees of the mortgaged property in case of .tljp non- payment " of tho principal' and Interest at the times appointed or on breach of non-observance of any of the covenants or conditions of the mortgage. 3. That the i.aaid' 'trusters arc' authorised to execute a I deed of mortgage outainiug tho abovo | terms. 4. That the trusteos of tho said club are authorised to'take all nocessary steps to have the; land, the property of the said elub, brought under the provisions of the Land .Transfer Aot." The well-known Sydney ponies Little Darrit and Silence II. have gone into Frank M'Namara's stables at Flemington, The Live Stock Journal has an interest ing article on "Our Ponies," in which the writer points out the increased demand for high-class ponies. Tho Prince of Wales has recently taken to riding and driving ponies, and they are becoming fushionablc. Four polo ponies were lately sold for £800. The writer of the article saw four ponies sold at Tattersall's for £1000, and the other foiohed £300. He commends these facts to tho notice of fanciers and breeders, and to the user he points out that the pony costs less to keep than a big horse, will often tire one for work in tho streets, is usually more sure footed, and is less subject to lameness, sickness, infection or diseuse ; that a pony is seldom known to become a roarer, and generally lives to a great age. "Sport" asks : Did Wisdom, the sire of Sir Hugo, the English Derby winner, over win a race ? Auswer : No. He ran second to Thuuder in the Craven Stakes in 1878, and was buaton by a head for tho Ensom Cup won by Dalham. Besides Sir Hugo he sired Surefoot, winner of the Two Thousand Guineas in 1800. Colonel Fraser. while supporting a motion in the New Zealand House of .Representa tives for the abolition of the totalisator, made use of the following remarks "I feel satisfied that nothingever introduced in to the colony had encouraged so much the spirit of gambling amongst the rising generation as the totalisator. It was a positive fact that at these race meetings you had now young women and girls of 14 or 15 years of ago running up and talking to jockeys, and asking for "tips, "and putting their money in the totalisator, who before that machine was introduced would not have dreamt of being seen in a 50-aere paddock with jockeys tbey were now familiar with. Tho totalisator was teaching the young generation to be. gamblers at heart. The bookmakers were, no doubt, a great evil, bnt then their operations were confined to adults, and women und young girls and children woro not the victims of their actions. Bosides, if the totalisator were done awuy with it would be easy to bring iu a measure to make it un lawful for bookmakers to bet with anyoue under years of maturity. In his opinion it would be well to abolish the machiue alto gether, no matter what amount of duty it contributed towards the State." A rider named G. Paget has been dis qualified for lifo by the Plympton (South Australia) R icing Club for deliberately pulling a horse in a trot. At the same meet ing C. Curtain, an amateur rider, met with similar punishment for using abusive lan guage to the starter. Professor Wilkins, of Vienna, says that the Arab is usually white, and 729 times out of 1000 if the mare is wiiite and tho stal lion is not the foal is sure to be white. It may, perhaps, bo an open question whether the best jnckeyship is required for a long or for a short race, the majority of turfites rather inclining to a belief that the longer the distance the greater need is there of judgmeut on the part of the rider. Colonel Warburtnn is emphatically of the other way of thinking, and gives in support the very excellent reason that the less time there is for retrieving mistakes the more urgent the necessity for not making any. Following is the programme of the New castle Jockey Club for September 22 and 24: — First day: Hurdle Race of 50 sovs., second horse 10 sovs. from the prize, about two miles and a quarter ; Disposal Stakes, 50 sovs., six furlongs ; September Handicap of 70 sovs., one mile ; Park Stakes, 30 sovs., forall horses which have neverwon u prize of 51) sovs., six furlongs ; Selling Stakes, 30 sovs., six furlongs; Welter Handi cap of 40 sovs., seven furlongs. Second day : Second Hurdle Raco of 50 sovs., second horse 10 sovs. from the prize, about two mileB and a quarter ; Auction Stakes of 40 sovb,, seven furlongs; The Miners' Handicap of 70 sovs., one mile und one furlong ; Borough Hnudicap of 30 sovs., six furlongs, entrance I bov. ; Sovoreign Stakes of 30 sovs., six furlongs ;_ Final Handicap of 40 sovs., seven furlongs,' InweBt weight 7st., entrance 1 sov. Entries close on September5. Retort. Rubicon, Fitzwilliam, Weeping Willow, Matadore and Abe Lincoln are in Mr. F. S. Clibborn's hands for private sale. Mr. S. C. Bart, at one time secretary to the A.J.C., died yesterday. A steeplechaser named Ghost has gone into Mr. T. Lucky's stable. Messrs. W. Inglis und Son disposed of the following lots yesterday : — Donovan, by Julian Avenal, Mr. J. Dawson, 21gs. ; trot ting stallion, Brown Shales, by Flying Shales from a mare by Phauter, Mr. J. Malone, 150gs.; trotting stallion, The Duke, by Vermont, Jun. (imp.), Mr. W. E. Walmsley, 70gs. ; couching stallion, Young Lord Bacon, by Lord Bacon from Bess, Mr. J. Fitzgerald, 50gs. ; coach ing colt, by Lord John (imp.) from a Trump Card mare, 3yr., Mr. J. Lawson, 30gs. ; trotting stullicin Sinister, sire by Dexter, Mr. H.Kenny, 3l)gs. ; coaching eolt, by Lord John from Bonny, 3yr., Mr. R. Campbell, 40gs.; coaching colt Jupiter, by Master John (by Lord John, imp.) from a Trump Curd mare, Mr. J. Keenan, 53Jgs. ; roadster colt, by Cock Robin, Mr. R. Camp bell, 40gs. ; coaching colt, by Lord Jonr. (imp.) from Duchess, lyr. 8mth., Mr. JR. Campbell, 13gs.; draught colt Pride of Maldon, by Prido of Pictou, 3yr., Mr. J. Lawson, 23gs. Attached is the programme of the Sydney Driving Park Club for next Wednesday's meeting Bylong Handicap of 25 sovs. (13.3 a.u), four furlongs 50 yards ; Park Han dicap of 25 sovs. (14,1 a. u.), five furlongs; Time Handicap Trot for u purse of 25 sovs., two miles ; Unique Selling Race of 30 sovs., four furlongs fifty yards ; Flying Handicap of 30 sovs. (14.2), six furlongs. A Handicap Hurdle Race for galloways (14.2 a.u.) >vill be included in the programme for Wednes day, August 24. Entries close to-morrow at club's office at 4 p.m. 