: . . THE' JfON.V tlANCE. ' J AN INDIAN DRAMA ON THlE PLAINS- WILD RIDING AND SPIRITED ACTING. i (JULIAN EALPTf, IN " IIABPEE'S.!') . — ' The sun-blazed down on the great camp that' afternoon and glorified the.place so that it looked! like a miniature Switzerland of snowy peaks. But it. was hot, and blankets were stretched lromthe lent tops, and the women sat under them to- catch.the air and escape the heat, " The. salaned native policeman of the reserve, wear ing a white stovepipe hat wjth feathers; and a ridiculous blue coat, and heaven knows what other' absurdities, rode cronnd, boasting of deeds be never performed, while s white cur made him . all the more ridicutoaa by chasing him and 'yelping at Ms horse's tail. And them came, the grand spectacle. The vast plain waa forgotten, ahd'the great campus, within the circle of tents was transformed into a theatre. The scene waB a setting of white and red; tents that' threw their clear-cut outlines against a matchless bine Bky. The audience was composed of four white men and: the Indian bovs, who were flung about by the startled horses they yrere holding for 11s. The players were the gorgeouh cavalrymen of nature, circling before their women and old men and children, themselves plumed like unheard of tropical birds, the others displaying the minor splen dour of the kaleidoscope. The play was ""The Pony War Dance, or the Departure for Battle.") The acting was- fierce— not like the conduct of a mimic battle on our stage, but performed with the desperate zest of men. who- hope for distinction in war and may not trifle about it! It bad the earnestuess of a chal lenged man who tries the foils. with. a tutor:- It was impressive, inspiring, at times wildly exciting. Xnere were ttixee-SCOre younjj men Iu tlio. .brilliant 'cavalcade. They rode horses that wore as wild as themselves. Thoir evolutions were rude, but maguiticeut. JSow they dash past us in single file, and next they come helter skelter, like cattle stampeding. For a while they- Tode around and arcund, as on a race course, but at times they deserted the inclosure, parted into small bands, and were hidden be hind the curtains of their own dust, presently to refappear . with _» mad rush, yelling l'ke maniacs, firing their ipieces, -and brandishing their arms and their finery wildly on high. The- orchestra was composed of ' seven tom toms that had been dried taut- before a camp fire. The old men and tbe Ghiefs Bat in a serai- circle behind tbe drummers nn tbe ground. All the tribal heirlooms were in -the display, the cherished gewgaws, trinkets! arms, apparel and finery they had saved from the fate of which they will not admit they are themselves the victims. I never saw an old-time picture of :i type of savage red man or of an' extrava gance of their costuming that was not revived m this spectacle. It was as if the plates in my old school books and novels and fetes of adven ture- were all animated and pissing before, me.. The traditional Indian', with the eagle plumes-fsjom crown to heels was there ; so was hei. with the buffalo horns. growing, out of his skull; so were the idyllic braves in yellow buckskin fringed at every point. The shining .bodies of men, karu, .naked,. and frescoed iike a Bowery barroobiwere not lacking'; neither were those who wore masses of splendid embroidery with coloured beads.- Bntthere.were as many peculiar-! costumes "which ! I never had Been pictured; And not auy two men or auy two 'horses were alike. As barber-poles are covered with paint, So were many of these choice steeds of tbe nation. 'Some were spotted alt over with daubs of white, and some wiith every colpur obtainable. Some were branded 50 times with the white hand, the symbol' of peace, but others bore the red luiud an'd 'the white hand in alternate prints. There were horses painted with the figures of horses and of serpents and of foxes. To some saddles were affixed coloured blankets or cloths :that, fell upon the ground or lashed the air, according as the horse cantered or raced. One horse was hung all around with great soft woolly tail) of some white material. Sleigh- heUawcre-upea several. , Only half a dozen men wore hats— mainly co who v hate , decked . with feathers. Many carried rifles; which' they used with one hand. Others brought out bows and arrows, lances .decked with, feathers or ribbons, poles hung with coloured: cloths, great shields brilliantly painted and fringed.. Every visible inch of each warriori was painted, the naked ones being ringed, streaked and striped from head to foot. I would have to catalogue the possessions of the whole -nation to tell all that they wore between the- brass rings in their hair and the cartridgo' belts at tbeir waists, aud thus down to their beautiful moccasins. I;:. Two strange features further distinguished ithair pageant: One was the appearance of two negro minstrels: upon one horse. Both had- blackened tbeir faces and hands, both wore- old stovepipe hats and queer, longltailed white men's coats. One wore' a huge, false, white moustache, and the other earned a coal-scuttle. The womeu and children roared with laughter at the sight. Tho two comedians got down from their horses and ' began to maice- grimaces, and to pose this , way and that very comically. Such a performance had never - been seen on the reserve before. \- No one there could explain where the men had seen negro minstrels. The other unex- : pected feature required time for develop ment, At first " we noticed that two little Indian boys kept getting in tho way of the riders. As we were not able to find any fixed place of safety from the excited horsemen, ' we marveled that these children were permitted to risk, their necks. Suddenly a hideously painted, naked' man on horseback chased the little boys, leaving the cavalcade and circling around the children. He rode back into the raiiks, and still1. they loitered in the way. Then around' swept the horseman once more, and this time -the naked rider flung himself from his horse, and seizing one boy and then the other, bore each to the ground and made ' r as if he would brain them with his hatchet : and lift their saalna with, his knife. The sifht was one to paralyse an onlooker. But it was only'.a theatrical performance arranged for the occasion. The man was acting over again the proudest of his achievements. The boys played the- parts of two white men whose scalps now grace his tepee and gladden his memory. / For 90 minutes we watched tbe glorious riding, the splendid borses, the brilliant trap pings, and tbe paroxysmal fervour of the ex cited Indians. The earth trembled beneath' the dashing of the riders; the air palpi tated with the noise of their war cries - and bells. We could have stood the day out, but we -knew the players were tired, and yet would not cease until we withdrew. Therefore we came- away. . We had' eajoyed a never-to-be-forgotten privilege.. It was as if we bad seen the ghosts of a dead 'people ride back to parody scenes in ati era! that had vanished. It was like the rising of the curtain, in responso to an encore, upon a drama that has been played. It was as if the sudden up-flashing of a smouldering fire lighted;, once again and for an instant, the scene it'had ceased to illumine. 