THE LADIES' COLUMN. ? New views, theories, cults, isms,' and departures 611 all subjects, social, customary, or moral may comc and go, but as the one great Christian festival tho year, Christmas, like Tennyson's 'Brook,' I'' «es 'on for ever.' It holds its own in spite of 'what cynics nncl professional grumblers may say as to its being out of date, a .delusive fraud, and a mis take in all tho sundry ways their superior intel lects, or bad digestions discover. Tho majority Ugainst these few exceptions care little for such opinions; and though in England we aro accused [with some justico) of taking our pleasures sadly, wo piako up our minds on this ono occasion at least to bo as jolly and happy all round as circumstances will admit ; for it is a season for joining hands and hearts to tho utmost in universal warmth of feeling towards genoral humanity for peace and good- will, lightness of heart, merry-making, and feasting to look forward to onco a year ; something to date from and to, with pleasant associations. This ono burst of festivity and geniality wo ecdato English folks do givo ourselves up to, is not of one, but of all classes, rich and poor alike, as it is lit it should be in its great origin and significance, It is tho outcome of an unusual amount of un selfishness in the general endeavour to give one another pleasure in pretty gifts and answering to many claims for kindly remembrance forgotten at other times. Who dues not enjoy the Christinas numbers and supplements with their each year moro fascinating pictures and delightful ghost and love stories, tho Christmas dances, the children's parties, whore tho little guests throw themselves with such lieart and soul into tho revels that the ' grown ups ' ore hound to forget themselves, their responsibilities, and worries, and join in their intense enjoyment of all tho usual juvenile delights 'i Apropos of dance and party gowns and knick knacks, wo have seen many charming and pretty things to be worn during this season's festivities, one or two of which our sketches will illustrate with more clearness than rusw descrintipu. Tho first is the new-shaped evening hood, some thing in the form of a Laplander's cap or hood. This shape allows convenient room for tho present style of hair, dressed farther hack and higher than in front, and also is made without 'curtain,' to allow of tho almost inevitable 'Medici' or ' Royale ' collar of the cveuing cloak. This dainty model is made of crushed strawberry broclie silk, edged with white ostrich feather trimming and tied with ribbon the same tint as the broclie, it is easily cut and made at home, and is sure to prove cosy and very becoming, ? Fancy dress halls are now such a rage t'uafc oui second illustration may prove usoful to any of our readers wanting a hint for a fancy costume. This represents 'Rouge et Noir,' and maybe made a very dashing and taking dress. Tho skirt and under hodico is of black velvet, over folded portion, scarf, and shoulder knots being of scarlet silk. A black vclvot and scarlet silk cup is worn on the head, and the fan carricd is scarlet with black spokes and the four aces of the card pack manned on. lhe pretty evening dress is of pale pink bengaline, chiffon, the same tint, forming tho bodico, drapery over-skirt, and niche round hitinof snmo. The suart round waist ami two hows aro of tho bengaline, and ? tho open neck of bodice is' edged with jet, a coronet ' of same being worn on the liuiiv Some of the prettiest fans shown for this winter's uso aro of transparent gauzo with hand-painted (lowers, birds, or butterflies. Chrysanthemums will bo in great | demand this yi-ai for dress anil table decorations, and few of the loveliest, 'summer flowers could look better than these now highly cultivated 'winter daisies.' Christmas decovatious of glistening leaf and berry make many a usually commonplace looking home or building look quite picturesque for tho time ; and none but the most dyspeptic could speak lightly of that sacred institution, tho Christmas dinner ! At this time, too, what a chance we women- folk have of asserting our much wished ? for importance with the sterner sex, for we certainly aro prime movers in all that can help to render home bright and festivo at such a time, as the money, though nccessary enough, needs a judicious spender on such matteru j as go to make up the haven homo. Puddings and pies, too, need deft hands, to make up the much con sidered ' flesh pot ' portion of the ceremonies, and a woman's dainty taste in decorating tho tablo festively with flowers, glass, plate and lights (for we do not all rejoice in a staff of efdeient servants to attend ? to such matters) to enhance the appcaranco of the good things the culinary genius litis composed or super ? icteadcd. .. A young man of observation recently romarkod that ' more men than women had been married ' among his acquaintance during lhe List year. Tnn Chinese agreo to pay tho doctor an annual stipend so long as thoy aro in good health ; bub tho moment t hey nro ill tho pay ceases, 