#^THS DIAMONDS. CHAPTER XIX.— Continued. ''You mean that you will nob tell me,' returns Duran, coldly. . ? l' Not that, indoed,' her voice is trembling, her face agitated. ' Any .!, thing' but that! Do you know me so ; -little that you could accuse me of — ;,rOfr '--'She breaks down j that she cannot : .continue is evident to him. ? iPorget ivhat I said,' puts in Duran ' hastily. ''''It was ? ungenerous, unpar donable — rude.' ?- .... Indeed, he can hardly forgive him /iBeif as he looks nt tho pure, truthful,.faco ? rfB0 pale, ao full of hurt distress. ' I' know only this,' says Nadine, making an effort to conquer her emotion; may — ib must seem strange to you, J but all : I really know is, that he is a *:tlork: in a large mercantile establish .''nfent-T-sorhewhere— in the city.' ''Somewhere in the city ' — charm- ingly vague,' says Mr. Duran with ? '? Hani a satire in the modulation of his tone. . f-, And is this all you have learned of the man with whom you have elected to \---spend your life ?' r-i ' My mother is satisfied — that is a great matter to mo,' says Nadine, wearily. ' 'jBut I am not ! And it is also a great matter to me,' returns Duran with sud yjdtin vehemence. Then ho moves so as ''.'.;.td;bring'her face into a more prominent :) light.' ' Is it possible that you were '^content to ? remain thus ignorant of all private* knowledge of this man 1' He asks in a tone that is rendered culm with difficulty. ^'T was content because I did not care,' returns she in a dull way, her eyes still upon the ground, her hands loosly ?;jfclasped. :Then all at once as it were, ',Jsbe wakea into a quick passion of re sentment. ' Why do you compel me to say these' things?' she says, flashing at 0 him 'two1 angry lovely eyes. 'Ami ' -1 ribt ' false ' enough to him in heart, that ' 'you must needs force mo to put my -.?treachery in words ! Oh, it is cruel. ''How shall I face him again? How shall . -I— ; — ' Her voice fails her, and she ?.' .covers her face with her hands. 'How shall I command myself to fulfil my . duty to him?' . 'f'-'i'Isiit' your- duty to him 1' demands 'Duran in a moody tone. -She makes a little deprecating move . ment. 'Well, even if you do not know where he lives, your mother probably 'may ; and at all events there are means of discovering most things,' goes on her companion. 'I shall find him and lay the facts clearly before him.' ' What facts?' ' That you do not love him,' boldly. ' That you do love me.' ? ' And then ? ?' She is looking at him with a sud \- denly up-lifted face, that is, if possible, \- a little paler than it was before. \- ' Why, then he will, I presume, if he has a spark of manhood in him, come straight to you, and ask you for the truth of my declaration ; and you will give it to him.' ' Alas !' says she, ' you do not know him. He will give me up to no man.' Annerley's face, as it was distorted with ? ?fierce jealousy that evening in the Park ?when' last she saw him, rises now before her, and fills her soul with dread. If he and . this one love of her life were to ttieeb — what then 1 She shudders violently. ' Do not pursue this matter,' she says, eagerly, going a step nearer to him and laying her hand on his arm. ' Do not, I implore you !' ' I shall pursue it until the iniquitous : words are said tliat will bind you to him for life,' replies he- doggedly. ' Nay,' . grasping her hand as she turns hopelessly : -away (from, him, ' do not think nie un '??kind,- my love ; it is for your happiness as for my own I strive.' ' If, indeed, you desire my happiness,' . cries she, risking all things in her long ing to save him from a vengeance that some instinctive knowledge teaches her ?will be deadly, ' abstain from inter vention of any sort. Do not seek Paul ? Annerloy. Let me fulfil my destiny, lief ine marry him. Believe me, there is no hope.' c He might perhaps have misjudged ber, and have believed her already wedded to Annerley, but for her concluding remarks. But these, and the melancholy light in her large eyes, reassure him of the truth that in reality she is altogether ? : Ms. : There is, ho ivever, so keen a sense of weariness in her attitude and ex ? pression that he resolves on refraining from- further argument. ' Well,' ' he says, with an attempt at lightness that does not deceive her, «rwe. have said enough for to-day, and ' you look tired. Come, let me take you home. Remember there will be a large addition to our party to-night, and of \- 'Course you Will iiko to iook your ueso. 'I' will go back to the house when you have promised me one thing,' re ? turns she steadily; ' that you will not seek Paul Annerley for four days from this. Give me these four days ?' She is trembling with excitement, and her eyes are full of tears that will not be repressed. Four days. To-day —to-morrow : these two cannot be avoided. Were sho to leave now, be fore to-night's dinner — that is but a herald of to- morrow night's ball, when Gaptain'Boyle is expected, to grace his own birthday entertainment — it would be, regarded as an act of discourtesy by her kindly hostess. But the day after she might leave ; Paul by that time will surely be returned to town- — ctnd hev — ? . (bitter thought !)— and sho can easily ? . so manage as to prevent a meeting be tween him and Mr. Duran. ' ? ? .^'The four days you crave are yours,' : replies Duran gravely, noting the fever in her eyes. 'Now, in turn, concede .nie a 'gratification. Let me accompany 'you back to the Park.' CHAPTER XX. Meantime Millicent and Gerald Mas Sttreaao ayg stou^ing iq the w«rui gun* shine in one corner of tho tonnis-ground. Miss Grey, who had been playing, but has no.v resigned her place nnd her racket to another, is looking at her com panion with an expression half wistful, half mischovious — perhaps wholly mutinous. ' Time is flying,' says the young man ardently. ' Have you nob come to n decision yet 1 It is almost the last hour. After to-morrow thoro will be no grace left. He returns then.' ' Granit ? Yes.' ' You must choose between me and him. You know that, aud still you hesitate. When ho returns it will givo him an advantage, because then ho will again have the world on his side — his very presence gives him an extra chance. If you could decide — if you could let me speak beforo he conies.' ' I don't see how his presence or ab sence can influence the matter. There is to me only one thing to be considered — whether or not wo can live happily when quite poor.' ' It wouldn't be quite,' interposes he eagerly. 'Thero would be the eight hundred a year.' ' There would be — starvation !' ' If you choose to term it so,' says he a -little haughtily, his Irish blood aflame. ' And, ub you so choose, it of course declares to mo that you' havo made up your mind not to share it.' He looks at her for a little while with his head well drawn up and his eyes full of an indignant entreaty. Miss Grey re ceiving his look point-blank, knows that the moment has come, to keep him or lose him for ever. 'You aro so precipitate —so impul sive,' she says, with a haste that is sufficiently well-bred to be devoid of the appearance of hurry that really belongs to it. ' I understand the case as well as you do,' petulantly. ' It is poverty with one man, misery with the other. One has to decide between them — and — one does not like poverty !' ' Does one prefer misery 1' ' N-o. I suppose not.' Then she pauses and locks her fingers together, and then unlocks them. ' It is misery either way,' she. says. ' Not if there is love,' entreats he softly. ' And — you will hare to make up your mind now.' 'You mean that you will not wait to receive my decision later on ?' asks she, with a sudden swift glance from her eyes. ' Yes, that is what I mean,' says Massareene. It is to be now or never, then ! She realizes the situation at once, and ad mires her true lover a little the more in that she knows he will abide by his word, and that if she now trifles with him, he will be over the border to morrow ere daylight shows the land, and beyond all recalling, be the voice of the charmer never so sweet. ' You mean, too ? ' she says, tem porizing a little. 'Nothing but that. Make your choice now, to-day, between me and him. To-morrow there will be no choice left. If you do not love me, that will matter not at all, and I shall have had an es cape from one who merely used me as a toy wherewith to pass the time. If you do love me, it will matter so far that you will break all bonds and defy all dis comfort to link your lot with mine.' His face is very pale as he says this, but his eyes are alight with resolution and his voice is firm. He is almost hand some as he looks at her, with his glance fond but determined, and his right hand resting on his heart inside his coat as though to still its tempestuous beating. Miss Grey, with a tremulous smile, draws nearer to him. ' I have decided,' she says gently. ' Now and for ever.' ' Is it to be him or me ?' Though his accent is steady, she can see that bis very lips are bloodless. 'You, you J' she says. Apd then there is a long, long silence between them. They are standing in a corner of the tonnis-ground open to all the world, so that any demonstration of joy or gratitude or love is impossible. But even when action is denied ihe eyes can speak. ' My beloved,' says Mr. Massareene, in a tone so low that she can barely catch it, but it is so full of infinite de light and love that she tells herself it is sufficient in itself to atone to her for the enormous fortune she is willingly flinging away for his dear sake. ' There is only one thing more,' she says after a little bit. ' Do not speak of this until to-morrow has gone by. It will distress auntie and Lady Val worth, and spoil her party.' 'But, if I say nothing, when Boyle returns he will still look upon you as engaged to him, and — and he may expect ? ' ' He will expect nothing. We have never been a loving couple, I assure you. No. Let the matter rest until ijaay vaiworcn nas naa ner enjoyment out of her son's birthday ball.' ' It shall be as you wish, of course.' Then, forgetful of everything save her, | he takes one of her bands and holds it closely. ' Millicent ! tell me you have no regret — that you do not think I have done you barm instead of good.' ' I think of nothing except that T have given myself to you for weal or woe, as the case may be, and that I believe it will be for weal.' ' But if not, my darling? Now that I have really won you, I grow faint hearted lest you should ever repent. Oh! if you should do that / If there should be only poverty — thab is woe— before you 1' 'I should still prefer that to weal with Gaanit or any other man,' she says softly, with such a light in her eyes as he has never seen before. * * * # The day wanes slowly; and night draws near with reluctant footsteps. Nadine, standing beforo her glass, is conscious of a thrill of satisfied vanity as she sees the dainty vision that is gaging back at Uer. AU. in white the vision stands: a simply-clad thing in I virgin muslin, but with a face above it beautiful as a dream. That it is her own face rejoiccs the heart of Na dine. Tho many guests accumulating for to-morrow night's ball havo all arrived, and ib is with u flutter at her breast that Nadine takes a last glanco at her charming peison, and clasps round her neck the diamond cross — Paul Anner ley's first gift to her. It had brcn deemed by hor too grand an 1 ornament to ho worn on tho earlier evenings here, when only a simple black grenadine had been her dinner dress ; but to-night, as sho sees herself looking all that the heart of man could desire, in her delicate Indian fabric, sho tells herself that the glistening diamonds are what will add the last finishing touch to an already perfect picture. Taking up her Ian, and returning tho maid's congratulations on her appearanco with a pleased little laugh, she leaves her room and goes down the staircase toward tho drawing- room. For a minute or two sho pauses outside the door, partly from natural nervousness at encountering so many strangers — their voices coming to her in a con fused murmur from within — and partly to give herself a last glance over in the huge mirror behind her, to assure her self that she is looking fairer than usual, and that in her true lover's eyes she might find favor. . She sighs a little as sho remembers how far sho will be from him in a few days' time — lost to him for ever — bound irrevocably to one whom she may respect but can never love. The smile has died from her lips, and her face is colorless as her gown when she has finished these sad musings, and, opening tho drawing-room door, ad vances slowly to where she can see Lady Yal worth in the distance. The room is somewhat crowded. Many look up as she goes by them. Some regard her silently — these the men ; some ask, in a depreciatory way, who she is — these the women. All show an undisguised interest. Lady Valworth, with whom she has become a reigning favorite, turns to greet her as she approaches hor side. ' You must let me introduce you to a very charming little friend of mine,' sho says to her friend, Lord Aster, hold ing out her hand to Nadine with a kindly smile. ' A friend, too, of Milli cent's.' She gets through the introduc tion, and Lord Aster, an old beau with a juvenile lisp, and a wig, callow and goiden as a chicken's down, murmurs something complimentary in a boyish tone that is as labored ns it is ancient. ' There are a few arrangements as yet incomplete. Some eligibles unas signed,' whispers Lady Valworth to her favorite. 'I should like to give you someone who would amuse you through the tedious time of dinner. Would you like ? ' 'She comes suddenly to a dead stop. She had been murmuring to the girl in a gay aside, with a smile upon her face, but now the smile has given place to a glance of mingled astonishment and horror. Her eyes aro fixed on Nadine's breast, where the diamond cross — Paul Annerley's gift — is glittering and glitter ing magnificently, as the girl's gentle bosom rises and falls. ' That — where did you get that ?' demands Lady Valworth, in a stifled tone. Lord Aster, fortunately, is glancing through his jaunty eyeglass at someone sitting quite at the other end of the room. Nadine and Lady Valworth are virtually alone. 'That ?' asks Nadine, nervously, sur prised by Lady Valworth's manner. She looks so innocently at her hostess that the latter, by a supreme effort, recovering herself, lays her hand reas suringly upon her arm. ' Nothing, my love. Ib was a mere start I received. That pretty cross upon your neck reminded mo of one I used to admire long ago. . Who gave it to you 1' 'Paul Annerley — Paul, to whom I am engaged,' says the girl, with a little sigh. In truth, the pretty bauble — the value of which is unguessed by her — is .devoid of all tender interest, coming as it did from him. ' A pretty gift,' returns Lady Val worth absently. In spite of herself her manner is constrained. She moves away from Nadine and crosses the room to where Millicent is standing, convers ing with Gerald Massareene. Hor face is very pale, and there is excitement in her eyes as she approaches her niece. 'Millicent,' says she abruptly, tap ping Miss Grey's arm with her trembling fingers. ' Something more than strange has happened. I must speak to you, because you are her friend, and ? ' ' What is it 1 You look ns if you had seen a ghost !' exclaims Miss Grey, compelling her to sink upon a lounge near her. ' I havo seen what I never hoped to see again. Part of my stolen diamonds I I have seen my diamond cross !' (To be Continued.) 