___^JQtLail!ALJILL The new Standing Orders will soon begin to count in politics. Griffith has cast his net ; already its corks are bobbing up and down across the stream of public life, and all that now remains to be seen is mis O&M3UU; vu wuiuu iu will nunwoi tuo pui pose of his Government. These Standing Orders, or at least the more objectionable of them, though aimed at the Laoour JBarty especially, are of course in reality about as impudent a jibe at Democracy itself as it would be possible to imagine. Anything more out of harmony with the temper of parliamentary government, any thing more at variance with the trend of Australian social life, a more complete ? negation of (.he-spiiil of modom thought--.. of the ordinary common-place thought of everyday people in all classes of die com munity— it would be impossible to con ceive. In rounding on White Labour and unionism Griffith took long strides down the ladder of reform. There and then he abandoned the position of a statesman who was prepared to take mere radicalism for granted, and who had even gone so far as to hint that there were great ends to which a fair distribution of political power was — -flQtjhjng but a means. He went back on ? all thatT~~EtuT'lie waS~~wfiat iH«enenrily understood as a Liberal. HeTirigtrtrjustly have claimed Ja be iu advance of perhaps the majority of English Liberal statesmen. Now, however, if only by this last) act of tyranny, he has fallen behind — generations behind — not merely the Liberal leaders, bot the main—body of liberal-thinking people all over the world. - ~'~^~' * ' * ? if ? Tl$ exact effect of the New Standing Orders it) is of course difficult to foretell; but of -Jhis there can be no doubt: that ? ».hwy ware dug, bolus boh^ jropathepolitical — — dust-heap for-thejingle jjurpoae of down -___ingtter£afoour3JaTtjr.- Griffith, in bring ing ^«ff-_~fffr««™^H*»i^MPwT h^wlth^y were just the things to meet the necessities of parliamentary business. He did not ex plain how it came about that parliament bad managed farget along in the rjast with \- ) out-them. Yet if thetheolotureisaneoes sary addition to the powers of the majority now how does it come about that it was un- . wnnftHMi.rg a« an assistance to the passing of ^ Black Labour and Land-grab J&ailway; legislation.? How is it that the Govern — tnent has been able without any such weapon to secure almost whatever legisla lation it has determined upon'. ''*?' * # It is the Bame with regard to the mutila-. & lion of Hansard. What possible oooasion has arisen for it ? That about ninety per cent of the speeches rf members of parlia ment is merely twaddle and that the oountry stands to lose by them any way goes without saying. But seeing that this was always the case, and yet, that notwith standing, it has been deemed better to pre serve the tailings of parliamentary oratory atong~with its ringing metal than to risk the Iobs of what ib worth keeping in an over- anxiety to get rid of that which is not, those who depend upon Hansard for com ? plfttft reports of thi^jjjghaiiflW as indeed every one who looks for a Complete report does, have a right to demand the very strongest of reasons for a oouraesucbas that proposed by the Government. _ But no good reason has been offered, and the best that I can furnish is Griffith's own sense of the occasional inconvenience of an official gilt-edged edition of his former self. It is naturally easier to talk Black Labour and Land Grab to folks who have not got in print one's parliamentary declaration for White Labour and State railways. May be, too, he feels a touch of sympathy for the handful of men who stand in the House to-day where he stood three years ago and who, he may not unnaturally argue, will perhaps speak with greater freedom three years hence if there are no perorating ghosts to gibe at them. Anyhow, the pruning of Hansard, even if originated with an honest desire to effect a small sav/jig of expense could hardly fail to open the door to sharp pracEfcc^f-tbe-wry worst kind. The most extraordinarily tyrannical of the batch of new reflations, however, is undoubtedly that providing for the punish ment of persons 'insulting' member^ of parliament. It is almost beyond credence that in any British community even ft renegade statesman, venting his bitterest spleen upon those whom be has betrayed, should dare to foist a provision of .float kind into a list of Standing Orders, or pat g ( ©von if he had found it there, he would am* had the temerity ,to make it operative. 'Wor- kers ! Hearken to the law of your land. You may4magiae-that you knowaUahont it, that being a goodly land and being governed, under goodly laws a man has ^nly Jffl^gro^up in the midBt thereof to feel, as intuitively as though lie was break ing a bloodvessel, when he is breaking a statute. Deluded man! St. Helena was built for fools like you. According to rthis new Standing Order there is a case against the M.L. A. whose own hands are clean enough to tell a fellow ML. A. that he is a political knave and a trickster and ought to be sent about his business ; there 4s ~a -ease against . ihe_squatter_ who on a public platform, say during the TieaTToT~a bush strike, 'insults 'a labour M.L.A.— or againstrttiB- uatouiet who ' insults^a squatting M.L.A.— and as for newspaper editors, where they will find a safe place to lodge a shot into an ' elected person ' it is impossible to say. Measures, apparently, are open to criticism, but the men who deal with them are surrounded with a never ending immunity. A horde of political Ned Kellys in sbot_proof clothing! It is important, by the way, to -recollect that the tribunaTbjr which the oft'enderts-to-be tried is the Muubo itsi'lf. — Martial law ia less unjust. And yet we have the Bris bane Courier last week in a leading article upon the new Standing Orders omitting all reference 4iG -.h»;-}J.utumla.E_rmfl. PrflMim ably the editor doesn't think that he is likely to come within its grip, or else he knows very well that if he did, if for in stance he 'insulted ' M.L. A. Glassey his case would be uerfeetly eafe in the hands of an obedient majority. And that is of course the trouble. The Griffith Go vernment~ have juuip£cL_fche power (if only they dare use it), of absolutely crushing minorities by shutting down on objection»bls~BpBskers;-by-euttiag--eut=ot the of&cial; records the more objectionable parts of their speeches 8hou1d~they~sueeeed in delivering them, and finally by attempt ing to close the mouth of the critic who rounds on the originator of the plot. For my part, having seen the Queensland cabi net thus far outrage the commonest principles of parliamentary government, I am prepared to see them follow the dose with something stronger — a revival of the industrial law^fJEl&aJgBth;^re^or the complete abolition (not the 8uspen8ion~thia time) of Habeas Corpus. * * * Still it is one thing to pass a law and quite another thing to enforce it. If the age has gone by for the country to endorse legislation of this kind it is too late in the day to expect obedience to it. Griffith may pass his Standing Orders, he may mutilate Hansard and generally play ducks and drakes with the liberties of the subject, but there are not gaols enough in Queensland to lodge a thousandth part of the citizens who are prepared at all hazards to maintain their right of freely criticising the action of their servants in Parliament. And thus, with all their potentiality for harm in an age less politically robust than .our nwn, foe new Standing Orders are likely to work more mischiet m the long run upon the Government and its friends than upon anybody else, whilstuon the ^ ? * a j~* ? jto -ii _..? ? J ? j_l_ ? i-i ? ocner nana vx-nmcu s action id me uiai/ttr serves to illustrate the dependence of the economic side of Democracy upon its poli tical side. It shows that a more than usually keen-sighted politician sees in the logical end of Radicalism a mountain of social reform and^evels his blow accord ingly at Radicalism. ? * * * The first ToGScal' 'CpnveBtfon —of the^ Queensland Labour Party has earned^Eoir jfruJf-fchp gi-t'fa'^« 'f all who look to the^ approaching general elections as the gates through which a oorrupt and tyrannical Parliament is to take its final departure. Everyone realises the overwhelming power that even under the present Electoral Act ^he^workere exercise at the poll. Nobody understandB^tfaat bettor thantheaaenWho have hitherto been running_the_^5auntr3^ for all that it is worth ; and their object is always to play us off against each other. Up to the present we have been piacticaUy at the mercy of lite players. — It-has4}een-a choice between evils— the dBviiTTO-taew a,nri thfi devil we didn't know. Since the last elections, however, a~B«tPof— eatirerjr new conditions has come into farce. The social atmosphere has , undergone a com plete revolution. The Labour Movement Las risen like the morning sun, and in its rays we have seen a breadth of poasikility the like of which never shone upon an Aus tralian election. But sunshine is hard to 'gather m* hi ballot bujiuu! — Without some,, central organisation, without some gener ally accepted forms of political faith, with out a plan of campaign, the- probability is that in spite of the truths that are stirring Society to its heart's oore, when the next nnvilnmiinf naaamhloH t.Via TinKniir Pfl.rfcv would find itself in outer darkness. * * ? * And that is where the good work of the Convention oomesrmr — As a gathering of forces from widely separated districts and from organisations the most diverse in kind the assemblage ifcelf was full of promise. The unanimity that prevailed on all the important questions that came up for dis cussion was an additional ground of hope. The platform upon which they decided to appeal to the country is about as judicious and as much to the point as any that could well have been formulated. It has its 'puTely^politicgl side auditfaaBitSH3oeial economic side. It is good as an election -war-^Hynaad-it nonteinn thft_principles_gf_ steady political work for a long time to come. Some of the planks -will,. of course, be acceptable to the ordinary politician of to-day ; but those, it is unnecessary to. add, are the planks upon which the workers place the least importance. Others are radical enough. What, for instance, could be more thoroughly out of accord with the tone of recent legislation, what more out of harmony with the temper of the present parliament, than the principle of oneman one- vote or taxation upon the unimproved value of land. Yet we have only to glance at South Australia and New Zealand, the two most prosperous colonies of the group, to see these very principles working smoothly in the form of laws which no sane man ever expects to hear of being over-turned. To the Greeks foolishness, 4o the Jews a rstumbJingiblockj but -who heeds that when the political Goths are a.lrfin,Hy onJ;he_Bjarchi_ Wjba^seeins^tojne -a matter of infinitely greater importance ib' the necessity, when the time for legislation arrives, of selecting from so many good planks a single one and dealing first with that. The axiom of the boss politician ib one thing id a tittle, and that is^precisely the most difficult point for workers to grasp. With so much to do our tempta tion is always ' to do all at once with the natmal consequence that we end in doing nothing. ' , — '. . x_ I have received from the North a com munication of more than usual importance. ? The writer WftTltP frfr' WmtmiRto inform the white population of Queensland upon the intention of the Government regarding a -rush^of ^Chinamen from across the border. JustrasTf-tice Wobkee editorJias an armchair in Tozer's office. But this is what my -^-correspondent «ay« ; 'The Chinese Immigration Act has not been repealed ; yet the police on the border have received -instructions to let CWnamen' pass over without_paying poU-tax. They, are crossing at latitude 23 in hundreds, starving and begging tucker — a'thing they were never known to do. before,' Mr. Ciwtillo, of Lake -Ngsh-stStidnTias 50 or 60 of them making a dam for their tucker. -J-fatty nra all malfing tnr thft fMonpUrry^ Croydon, Georgetown and Percy River goldfields. I may add that the white population out here, both rich and poor, are arming to check what the Government cannot or will not.' Personally I confess that I am unable to see very much difference between an illegal inroad of Chinamen from the Northern Territory and a legalised rush of kanakas from the -South -Seas,- except that just_ii±_4-r_eaent_ tho kanaka is overwhelmingly the prrfiatiflr evil. E. B. 