UNDER SENTENCE It NORFOLK ISLAND. AUTElENTIC EEI'OIttS. No. 10. nlE DITER UIIrTEN. e'tatimmons was not troubled again by his tormentors, the two constables, It did not •aeit Ward's scheme that they should be pry itg about the house, and they got a quiet hint from one of the highest officials not to bother the old hatkeeper any more. During the eucceeding day on which he paid his visit to the convict boatman, Ward was exceedingly busy. He visited no lee than six of the out lying shepherd prisoners, and won upon them to such an extent-by the aid of a glib tongue and tobacco-that they each promised to visit Fitzimmons' hut that night, armed with the password. He even made arrange ments whereby IHendrick found himself at liberty to join the conspirators, and complete the secret circle. Ward had, in fact, gone to the command ant, and told him an untruthful story about having discovered the beginning of a serious plot, and he named certain convicts con cerned in it. He asked-so that matters might be brought to a crisis-that these men be allowed as much liberty as possible, in order that they might attend therendezvoue, and his request was at once granted. r The hutseepers and shepherds were most ly in a position to move about at night, al though it was not allowed, but a man belong. ing to the prison gang like Hendrick was in a different position. As is was necessary that he should attend the conspirators meet ino, he was told off as a night patrol amongst that section of the forest hutkeepers in which Fitzimmons' dwelling lay. At eihbt o'clock on the night of April the 4th, 1517, nine men were assembled in Fitz immone' hut. They were convicts IHendrick, MIevrik, Fitzimmons,Evns, lladdon, Luke, 3l'linlcy, Carter, and free boatman Wr.rd. They had reached the place in a stealthy manner, and it was evident that the gather ing was for no good purposc. Each of them gave the hntkeeper the paseword--" Wild Tobacco," when they came to the door. With the exception of 3loyrick, who had received it from Hendrick after the latter's interview with Ward, the felons had all got the watch. word from the boatman. The evening was terribly wild and stormy.. Such a one as when Tam O'Shanter took the road to Kirk Alloway in, when " A child that night might nnderstan' The deil had business on his ban."' The comfortless interior of the squalid hot with the darkness made visible by a " dip" light did not add cheerfulness to the anxious and gloomy faces of the occupants, When the last man entered Fitzimmons secured the door with a beam of wood, and they all eat around a ricketty table on some rudebenches. Hendrick was the first to break the silence byalluding to the business which had brought them together. " You know, men, why we have come here, I suppose," he began ; "we want to free our selves from misery and cruelty. We were bad enough off a month ago, but now we are much worse. Tihe little privileges which made our hard lot bearablo have been with. drawn, and we are worse than any slaves on earth. For my part I cannot stand it any longer. ItI tail in ob:staining freedom 1 shall he hanged, of course, but that is better than being slowly flogged to death, and I see no reason why a general rising should fail." " There is not the slightest doubt of sue. cees if everyone palls together," broke in 'ard. " If the plot is properly laid it can not fail, and by striking the blow quickly it will be all the better, for the authorities do not dream of another outbreak so soon after Westwood's Rising." k-'- oe . we must move with caution," said plsenned, tnd yet it did not succeed. We have crafty men to deal with, who have power behind them, and it will take a great blow to break it." " The January rising was a perfect bungle," replied the bentman, warmly. "Why did they not get the prisoners at Loogridge and Cascade to join them. The settlement would he in their hands now if that had been done. It allowed the msajor and commandant to get reinforcements from these places, instead of being obliged to send for asisetance to them. At Longridge there was only twenty eight men to guard six hundred prisoners. The handful of military there could have been ewept away like chaff before the wind had the e'nvicts wished. The same could have been e,,one by the four hundred prisoners at Cas rode, and the thousand men thus liberated mould have swept down on the rear of the l"arracks at Sydney Basy. and enapped up its fetow defenders. Nothing could have pre. I 'ented it. Lees than two hundred men would have been hemmed in between two thousand desperate convicts, fighting for life and liber ty, and nothing short of a miracle could have raved the authorities. I tell you if a general rising is arranged at all the prisone, It must succeed." The arguments of Ward seemed to have considerable effect on his auditors, who list ined to him with breathless interest. At length Meyrick said, " What would you Suggest, sir, asa good plan to adopt ?" " First of all it will be neceessary to get all the leading and trustworthy convicts on your side. Brtween you alithat ought to be easily done. You each know some of the prisoners who can be trusted, and they in turn will know others who will be faithful. Thus the clot will widen out like a watery circle until 't embraces all worth having. Of esurse, when you get a majority of the prisoners on your side the minority will have to follow. In the meantime the details of the plan must be arranged and confided to yourfriends, who will carefully spread it around. When that is done-and as soon as pcosible after, to prevent the possibility of a waverer turning traitor-a Eaitable occasion must be fixed for the general rieing. I think a good plan would be to ret fire to, say the Cascade prison, at night. The chief officers would hurry there from S dney Bay and Loanridges stations with all the available hannds they could muster, and then the rising could take place at these places; DuLoring the confusion of the fire at Cascade most of the prisoners noula escape and assemble in some appointed place. If a small guard were placed over the convicts to prevent escape, it would be a very simple matter ro Overpower it, The de tail could be arranged beforehand. I am only giving a getieral outline of what would be a good plan." Ward spoke this with an earnesrness that appeared to be sincere, and se if warming up with the theme, hoe added, "I suppose most of you wi!l wonder why I,whoam afree man, should suggest each a plot as this toyou. i'll ean tell you, First. ly, am in disgrace, and don't cre how eon I leave, this place, but that is not tie reason I am risking my life to-r.ight. I bate the accursed convict system. In Van Dic man's Land I have two brothers wearieg out their lives in penal ervitude, alhlough thley areinnocent of any crime. They were oc. victed in Dnblin ontne evidence of a ru!iliao ly informer named O'Malley. and sentenced to transportation for lifo. I have sworn to rescue them, and for that purpose I managed to get a situation as boatman at the prison of P'ort Arthur in Van Dieman'aLand. When I was there a few weeks the superinteodernt fonnd out by some means who I was, and I was at once sent here. I have been disatia.s Sfed ever since, and having seen the cruelties of the system I am more than ever anxious to release mybrothers, As I cannot do it by remaining here, I am glad of the removal that awaits me, and for the eake of my eutler. ing relatives I wish to assist those who are eimilarly placed." The free boatman had a glib tongue, and was doing most of the talk. Ilis last speech would have been excellent had it been true, but it had the trifling drawback of being false from beginning to end. With the exception of one person the whole of his lisateners re garded it as gospel, and began to look upon Ward as little inferior to a saint, a real tmes eenger of good tidings. When, as if overcome by the sympathetio feelings which the me* modes of his brothers evoked, he followed up the recital with a plug of tobacco all t round, their gratitude knew no bounds. Al though naturally auspicious, the convicts were thrown off their guard and completely hoodwinked by the wily informer-al! buot one, and that was Mcyrick. That felon ent regarding the boatman with a strange and ominous lro in his eyes. The feeble light did not permit Ward to sea his face closely, or he might have taken alarm. The man seemed to be evolving old recollections, and gradually his countenance became convulsed with passion and his hands twitched nerv outly. As Ward rose to go, he, with a power ful tffort, regained a measure of compos. ure. " We will all meet here the evening after to-morrow," said the boatman as he left them, the understanding being that each should depart separately. A storm was rag ing outside, and the free boatman made his way towards the chief prison, muttering as he went. "It's fairly started, but I most get a couple of dozen more in before I have them nabbed." When he had passed the door of the but Meyrick went to it, and peered out into the darkness after him. He was soon lost in the gloom, but still the man looked until a vivid flash of lightning lit up the forest, and re vealed Ward making for the settlement. Then he closed the door carefully, and alter securing it walked to the table and took his former seat. His face was rigid and white, so much so that even the obtuse convicts noticed it. "Have you seen a ghost?" asked Hend. rick, that being supposed to be the popular cause of frightening people at night. S"Would to God it was that and nothing more I had seen," replied Meyrick 'in a solemn voice. " I have seen the ghost of former days certainly, but that is not half so fearful as the reality of the presect. I may as well tell you, men, that we are all lost. Nothing can save us." " Are we watched ?"exclaimed the convicts starting to their feet in affright. " How are we lost ?" • I don't ;hink we are watched yet, but I am sure that by to-morrow morning the com mandart will know that each of us was here, and everything that passed, with a good deal that never psased." "You don't mean to say that Mr Ward is a spy, surely ?" they asked. " I do; and I can tell you more. His name is not Ward at all, but Michael O'Malley, the infamous Dublin informer. The story he told us about hia brothers is all false, but if he had not raid it I would probably never have recognised him, although I thought there was something about hint familiar to me. When he mentioned O'Malley I knew him at once, although he is greatly changed. lie is the meat diabolical villain that walks the earth to-day. Listen for a few minutes and I will tell you who our new found friend is that even now is weaving the rope to hang as." " In the beginning of 180I I was a young man in Dublin with good prospects before me. I felt like many anotherpatriotio Irish man that my country was badly governed, and I longed to ree her independent. I was a member of a elub called " Erin's IBand." It was an harmless sort of an affair, where a number of young fellows met and kept their patriotism warm by recounting the deeds and ancient glory of libernia. Towards the end of the year I mention, one Michael Mal lcy was admitted a member, and became very popular with his club fellows. I saw at once that he was a firebrand and took a dislike to him, which he cordially reciprocated. bDay alter day he insidiously ineslculated the doc trine of force into the impressionab:o and fiery young men. He almost worked the society into a sevolutionary body, and at 1sot the crash came, A conflict with a body of military took place between them and a number of the elub men. I was amongst the latter, and tried hard to prevent the disturb. once. Amongst others I was arrested, and then O'Malley came out in his true colore. He was a paid Government informer, and swore enough to hang us. Nine tenths of his evidence was false. Acts that he had ommitted were attrihuted to ie, and the na seas- toar my..t'eand tour other members of the club were sentenced to transportation for life. It transpired during the trial that O'Malley had been an informer for several years, but his last exploit would have cost him his life had he not been spouted away by the authorities. My compar.:one and my self were sent to Port Arthur prison, and a few months after I was transferred here. The fact of those poor men being there may have had something to do with O Malley's removal to this place, for it was currently reported in I)ublin that I had died, and no doubt the inlormer accepted it as true. You will judge by this what sortof aman we have to deal with. I ant Eure leis iin leag.ue with the officials, and this is a ' put up' job." The deluded conspirators sat and looked at the speaker, but for a time their tongues were dumb. At length Hendrick said, " I can tee we have been led into a trap, but it's not too late yet to get out of it. Ward will be here in a couple of nights, and I don't think he suspects anything We can deal with him then." The other men said nothing, but as they left the ut andi wet. ouutinto the darkness of the raging storm, occasionally lit up by the lurid tlashes of lightning, their looke spoke more eloquently than words of the mere awful storm of passionnte revenge whibh was tossing their hearts. l'une:ua! to time on the right appointed the con.piatorsa met at Fctzinmmoe' bhut again. Ward was unneually elated, for he had met with much ucecese that day amongsto ! certain oft the conviet, anso the plo was ripen ing fast. He gave the asaentbled fetona an elaborateplan of the various prisons, and de tailed certain points which it would he neces sary to observe. lie also informed thetm that transports were expected in a fortnight's time, and it would be neeessary to carry out the conspiracy before they came. It was nearly ten o'clock when he left the plotters, and the night was unusually dark. lie did not go alone, for Meyrick said he would accompany him a short distance to wards his own destination. They had not got filty feet from the hut when Hendrick, Evans, and Haddon opened the door and silently followed them into the combre for eat, "'Hyave you teen Ward lately, Daniels?" the civil commandant asked the majo: three days after the second meeting in Fitzimmon'd hut, as he mat hinm in the outer yard. "I have not. sl h missing?" " HIe has not been seen ao his quarters for three dtys, and that is suspicious. Tie work he is engaged on is rather hazardous,"said thbs commaodant. "I thinkit would hbe advieable to send out a search party after him. You nave a good idea, I supl:ose, where he might have met with foul play,' returned Major Da niets. " Yes. If he does not appear to day i will have a senarch matnle to morrow." The free boatman did not appear, and a rigid search was made in the vicinity of itzt immone' hut at first, and then in every pars of the islnd, but without any trace of the misaiug man being found. Two dayne alter, whilstr the rie cang were at work in Sydncy Bay, oan object came floating towards tnem, risng and falling walt the waves. At it cac:e closer it was discovered to be t?le hlideoso body of a man, which was scarcely identiliab!e, as that of William Waters. frEe boatman, alias Michael O'MIalley, informer. The doctor found that the skull was Irac tured, and the supposition was that the man hlad first been etrnck down, rendered insen. ethicl, and thrown into Sydney lay. The commandant trOd hard to find the murder ers by offering a free pardon to any ascom plies who would inform, but it was in vata. altloguh he shrewdly suepected who tbhe murderers were. Years fnlterwards, when Meyriek was on his death bed at the conviet station in Vest Australia, he confeesed to having struck the fatal blow, and helped to throw the bIody into the sea. The " Wild Tobacco Piot " only brought disaster to its originator, Next week the Records will be continued under the title of e Mad Theodore." This will de'cribe a tragic and extraordinary event that teok place at Cascade Prison in the be. ginning of 11847. 