RELIGIOUS SERVICES. The ministers who havc)atteaded the resent Convention occupied most of the pnlpiu of the city yesterday. At St. John's Church in the morning there was a large congregation to listen to the Bev. G' C. Giulb, M A. Before the sermon tbo in cumbent, the Hcv. B. Sngent Kelly, M A., asked all those who had been attending tbo services of the Convention throughout the past week to allow ethers to attend toe mis-ion at Bt John's this week, as the church who might wish to attend. In his sermon MrGrnbb expatiated on the present snpinenesa and indifference of a large section of the Christian church, maintain ing that the; must first get rid of all the trivial impediments which prevented their full conFecration to the holy work before they could hope to bring an irresistible enthusiasm to the con version of the world. At the evening service Kr Grubb spoke for an hour with great power, to an overflowing congregation, on tho interview of Uie rich young man with JesuB Christ, and in tha course of hie address narrated the olr cumstances of his own conversion, which occurred 20 years ago, at a college in Switzerland, while reading on one Sunday morning under a tree the words, 'God bo loved the world, etc.' Mr Grubb's miseinn will be continued during the week, and par ticulars arc annonnccd in our advertising The colleLtiors for the day were in aid of rc- building Bt John's Sunday school, aad the result was— Morning, *itl 12 ; evening, 617 4s ; total, £48 16s. The Eov. John Wataford, Wcsloyan mini Etcr, Melbourne, preached in the morning at Christ (Congregational) Church. He quoted several pr.ssagcs of Scripture in Acts, let and 'ud chapter*, tind upon Ilicsc bss(id a |io\vin' f ul discount on tVo subject of ' lx^iug li led with tbc lloly Fi-irit.' The preacher fust traced the manifestations of tho Holy Spirit in prst agois, and in the Ministry ot Jesus Christ and Ibe Ap-'sl!cs. He showed tbal to be filled viilb tie Holy Ghost meant tint the Spirit took full porses ion of tho heart. Two great gifts would follow the acquisition o! he blccsinE ; believers would 1*0 cleansed from any remains of evil which cling to them, aiid which hindered their work, and they would be endowed with power to proEecute Christian service. God'scommand to all Christians is 'to bi filled with the Holy Spirit and Be will give power ' in pto portiun to ths cipacitjjof the believer to re ceive it. The conditions under which tbc irift is obtained were Elated to ba a tbiisling tor it and a full surrender to Jesus Christ. It waB to be had for the asking; ' how much „„„ clmll vimr Father in heaven civc the Holy Spirit to them who ask.' Mr Wats ford cccupid the pulpit at the Patterson street Wiblejan Chuici in the evening _ At the 11 o'clock service, at Ch&lmcrs; Church, there was a large congregation, the sermon being preached by Mr W. Esuink, of the China Mieriou, who cbo6O for his text the 2nd of Corinthians, 2nd chapter and llih verse, ' Lest fiaUn get an advantage of us ; for we aro not ''gnonmt of bis devices/' Mr Kwbank also conducLed the evening service at OhriBt (''onsrcgational) Church. The Bev. Allan Webb pr ached to a large congiegation at Chalmers Church at Die evening eervice from 1st CorintbianP, 1st chapter and SOtli verse—1' Bat of Jita arc yc in Christ Jc.*ua, who of Goi iB made unto us wi-dom and rightcon-nesa and Eanrtlncatiuii and redemption.' An after meeting waa held, and the rev. gentleman continued hie remarks on coos^craiion and surrender. The Bev. J. B Harrison preached at the Weslejan Church yesterday morning, taking for h!s text Genesis, l&th; chapter, latter part of the 12tb verse, and 1st John, lit cbapt?r, and latter part of 6th verse. There wni a lii^o congregation, and the elcqutut sctmoi to attentively. Mr Harrison conducted ser vice at St. Andrew's Church in tho cf eninir. At the Memorial Cburch in the evening Dr. Warren delivered an cxpjsitury address upon ths second chapter of St. Paul's Epislle to the CoIojsUds, the subject of his discour.-e being inlcrflperfcd with intr resting anecdotes and forcible illustration. At t ;e conclu«ion the meeting was throvn open for testimony, and large numbers availed thcmreULB of tbc opportunity to declare publicly what bles sine they bnd received, more especially ilur ing the pa t weak Mt Geogs, ot fclbounie, presided at the orgai aud led tbe BiuRMT. ?^?b;ch \vi!s of a moat nearly c iiir.f.ler throughout tbe jcrvi:e. Afternoon iu':«tiu--p whfch vnz -.vcli -'? t-'.iitlcJ.Wcrc liu'd for woiucii at fil. A'l'rcw -s, :u?il for y-ii-.;; ;aei at the I'^l-uiBja-jlrCvL Wc^lcfan Cburth. 