EfinATIG, TALEfI , SKE¶CIflflEfi. [Uxoen thil hoadlng w ppropc. oCCuASonally inturitg oonlbution trmi persons not on the taff ot thil paper. Thy must avoid dlcusaing local or personnl matters anddealonlyelth genrnlquestions. Tho soJeshould be eont only through the pout. They wll bocomD our Poprety, co ll sll subclaet to rislon orrejetionu. NEMESIS. tY RUPERT POWINDEPE. " Ou, Jack I Mout you really go ?" " Yes, my darling, it is aboolutoly neressary. You soo I am the only one perfectly acquainted with the branch at Bathurst, and I must go .and inquire into the facts of the case. MIr. Harding, the head of the firm in Sydney, tells me there are some con siderable disorepancies in the accounts of thie agent at Bathurst, and he wants moe to pay them a flying visit, so that I can dropdown on them before they can look them up." " Ishall be so lonely without you, dear.'. "Poor little woman, you musn't be downhearted. I shall probably be back to-morrow evening, or the next day at the latest; no heoor up, there's a good -ittlc wifoy." "I-till--try-.Jaeok." Mrse, Hol linugddalo gave a little half-sob between each word, which showed that the attempt would prove a a failure. "That's right, little woman. Give me one moro kics, and thenou I must be off; tile cab is waiting." His wife's arms were thrown around his neck and their lips mot in a long clinging kies. " Oh I my darling husbantd l" aho cried, " I cannot part with you. It is so hard. If I only could go with you. I Inow you will laugh at mo, but I have such a heavy feeling on my hoeart-0a sort of pronoutiment thLat eomethiug terrible io going to happen to you, when you are away from your pet." "Don't, darling. You will make it so haLrd for me that I shall have to throw it up directly; and then who would.keap up our comfortable home if I weore dismiseed ?" " "Forgive me, dear, I wmas selfish." He gave her one more kiss, aud then ran out of the room; but, bhear ing a sob behind him, he rushed back, and pressed his lips to his wifo's again. It wan the first parting these two fond hearts had had for a whole night since their marriage twelve months before. For though they were man and wife, they wore lovers just as much as ever. How happy this world would be if married people loved each other after the honeymoon as much as they did before. Jack Hollingdale's business as in spector of agents for a large firm of importers was of necessity one which occasioned a lot of travelling by rail. Up to the present his wife had always accompanied him on his travels. Many happy hours were thus passed by those two loving ones during the twelve months they had been man and wife. They used to wrap them selves up in a rug and were often found by the guard at their journey's end fast asleep; Lily's woolly little head nestling snugly on Jack's broad breast beneath his great coat. But she had just lost her little child, which had died without opening its eyes; and with it Jack was nearly losing his " Lily of the Valley," as he playfully called her-and indeed her white, wax-like features rendered the name appropriate. She was now rapidly recovering, but the doctor would on no account allow her to leave her bed for at least seven days, as she was far from well yet; so she had perforce to stay at home. Meanwhile the train spedon through the night air on its way to Bathurst. As it neared thie top of the great Zig Zng, Jack wrapped his rugs around him and tried to go to sleep. But whether it was the cold, which had oevery moment increased as they ascended the Blue Mountains, or the heaviness of his heart, which, however brave hle tried to appear before Lily, was very sore at parting with his little wife, hle could not succeed in wooing the drowsy god, and at length gave it up and lighted a oigar. He was aroused from his thoughts about Sargent, the agent at Bathurst (who had on a previous ocoasion made him his enemy through attempting to force his insidious addresses upon Mrs. Hollingdalo) by a harsh grating noise. Then he felt a shook, and the soreams of frightened females were heard as the ears swung to and fro. He immediately divined that the train-was off the line, and with admir. able presence of mind threw himself on the floor of the carriage. The car Iturned half-over, still going at a con siderable rate; and, while Jack olung to the logs of the seat, hle could hear the ocrushing of the woodwork of the roof against the rocky walls of the deep outting through which they were passing. A warm liquid spurted over his face, which he instinctively suspected to be blood; and he was right; for the quiet-looking young fellow who had been sleeping in the corner of the car a few seconds before, in the full vigour of life, was now a mangled corpse. Jack disengaged himself from the debris unhurt as soon as the horrible motion ceased, and, offering up a silent prayer to heaven for hiis preser vation, jumped on the track, the rails of which were shattered and bent in all directions. Leaning over the edge of the out ting, he saw when he gazed upwards the head and shoulders of a man. The moon just at that moment burst forth and Jack recognised the white fae ooao Sargent's. "Good God, Holliungdale I " the man shouted, and got up and ran for his life. Jack never stopped to think, but ran along the line a few yards and then climbed the side of the cutting, and in the confusion caused by the accident nobody noticed him. As he reached the top he saw, about a hundred yards away, a man running at the height of his speed. He followed the fugitive as fast as he could, suspecting that his appear ance on the spot at the time of the terrible accident was not without its meaning. Now Sargent wasa thick-set, power ful man, but running was not his forte. On the other hand Hollingdalo was one of the fastest runners in Now South Wales. As aoonsequonce a few minutes brought the two together. The agent therefore stood at bay; and indeed the deep chasm that yawned in front of him was sufficienout obstacle to bring him to a full stop. "Whant does all this mean, Sar gent? " said Jalck, placing his hand on the agent's shoulder. "Take your hands off me, Mr. Hollingdale, or it will be the worse for you. This ground is not your private property." " That's neither here nor there, Sargent. I want to know how much you know about this railway acci dent ? " "That much I" oriod Sargent, goaded to anger at the Iknuowledge that his crime was suspected. He dealt Jack a terrible blow that sent him senseless to the earth. ' There was scarooly a yard between the incosensible man and the edge of the precipiee. Sargent looked down on the pale face of Hollingdale, which appeared ghastly in the cold moonlight, and a diabolical thought passed through the rufian's brain. "Nobody but this man suspects that it was my acnot which upset the train, and, as it was my object to kill Hollingdale by doing so, I'll finish him now," hle muttered. It was the work of a moment. Stooping down, he pulled off Jack's eoat and vest. He then senrahed the trousers' pocket of hie victim, and transferred tie money he found there into his own pocket, plaoieg tie papers in the pockets of Jack's ecot. He east a longing look at tle watuh, a prize Jack had won in a footlrace. It was a very valsablo artiolo, gold studded wilth diamonds. His cupidity mastered hiris fears of detection, and he thrust it into his pocket. At that moment Jack opened his eyes, and saw Sargent in the not of placing his watch, the diamonds of whioh gloamed in the moonlight, in his vest pocket. " Villain I " he cried, and was about to spring at the agent's throat, when the latter, mustering all his strength, which was enormous, caught Jack a tremendous blow on the side of the head. From the position in which he was, half-rising on one knee, the effect of the blow was exacntly what tihe ruflian wished; Jacke went cloneau over the edge of the precipico without a groan. For a few moments nothing could be hoard lut the sound ol falling stones and debris. Then there was a doath-like silence. The guilty man caught up the coat and vest, and rushed to the scene of the railway accident, whore his sub sequout acnotions passed unnoticed by the frightened survivors, each too intent upon his own sad occupations. The shrowd reader will easily sur mise that the first mangled and dis. figured corpse of a man about poor Hollingdals's size and build-and als I there wore many to coosoes from -wlhich Sargent discovered was soon elotlhod in hIis victim's coat and vest, torn and bloodstained with diabolical ingenuity. In the cold grey light of dawn Mrs. Hollingdalo rang the bell for her servant. " Make me a cup of toea, please, as soon as possible, Mary. I have not had a wink of sloop all nighlt, aisd I have such a bad headacho," she said when the servant appeared. "I'm very sorry, ma'am. I'll not be a minute, ma'am;" and she tripped off again. But she had not reached the first stop whon the door-bell was rung, and at tile same time tie shrill voioc of a newsboy was heard proclaiming the sad news of the accident with the peoouliar relish which those strooeet Arabs take in murders, collisions, and such-like occurrences, little earing how many hearts will be broken and homes wrecked by the awful news. A sound between a shriekl and a moan from her mistress' room brought the girl back in an instant. Mrs. Hollingdalh was sitting up in bed, with a white, set face. "Bring me my clothes, Mary, im mediately," she said in a hollow voice. There was a hard, strained lookl in her beautiful brown eyes that frightened the servant. "Lor', ma'am I you're not going to get up after the doctor's hexpross orders to the contrary." " Do as you are bid, Mary; I must get up and go and find my husband. Ho may be dying at this moment." The door - bell was again rung violently. Mary, glad of the excuse, ran down and opened the door. A thick-set stranger, who was none other than Sargent, stood at the door with the Telegraph in his hand. "Dose Mrs. Hollingdalo live ohere ? " "Yes, sir; but she is ill and can't see anyone." "But she must see me I Tell her I come from Bathurst withl news from her husband." He did not give his name; but Mrs. Hollingdale ordered him to be shown up immediately. Did he not come from her husband ? and what did she cnare for the indelicacy of having a stranger in her bedroom ? As his broad formed filled tihe door way Mrs. Hollingdalo recognisod him. " You I" she gasped. "Yes, madam; you probably re member me. I have come with news of your husband." "My husband I What of my hus. band." Sargent opened the paper which ho had in his hand, and read out in a cold, cutting voice : "' Amongst the dead was found the body of a man, whose face was so ter ribly mutilated that it wasnot possible to identify him by his appearance; but from papers found on his person hle is supposed to be a Mr. J. Holling dale- '" He did not need to read further. The coward's dagger had gone home to the hilt. Without a moau Lily fell back in a swoon. Seeing Mrs. Hollingdalo's beautiful face, around which fell a wreath of golden hair, the evil passions of the man overcame oven the pleasure of his revenge on the woman who had on a former occasion repelled his ad vances with scorn. He had thought at first to be satis fled with this terriblerovoengoe; but tie sight of this beautiful woman lying helpless on the snowy pillows of her bed, totally in his power, excited his passion beyond control. He rushed to the door and looked it. Then he rau to the white, still form of the young and innocent girl on the bed, and olasping the inanimate figure to his heart, pressed his lips to hers again and again. But Mary was not idle in the mean time. Hearing the man turn the key in the lock she suspected foul play, and ran down to summon help. At the door she was met by a figure which, from the story which she had heard with a servant's usual curiosity at the keyhole, nearly sent her out of her wits. Jack Hollingdalo, or his ghost as Mary thought, his hair dishovolled, and face covered with bruises and blood, rushed past her, up the stairs. Find ing the door looked and hearing Mary's frantio crying about "a villain who was murdering Missus," he ran to the door, shoulder forward, as he had so often done when charging at football, and burst it in with one strokeo. But his impetus was too great and he fell forward in the room. Before he could rise, Sargent jumped over his prostrate body and rushed down the stairs and out into the street. A guilty conscience made him reck less, and in darting across the street he was lknockeod down by a passing tram and killed on the spot. Lily's eyes did not long remain closed with her darling husband's lips pressed to hebors; and their reunion was too happy for this poor pen to do justice to. An hour later Lily was listening to Jack's fearful tale of the accideont ; of his encounter with stiijfi ; how he had stulck on a lodgeo a fow foot from the odgo of tie precipice; how a passing shower had] brought him bnck to lifo again; and how he had got back by a special train from the econo of the disaster to Sydney, just in time to prevent tile final act of villainy of tho man who had just gone before his Mlakeor. 