OUR LONDON LETTER. . /From Our ConuKaroNDKNT. LONDON, 24tic Junk. 1 ho 2uth inRt. was tho 55th anniversary of tho Quoon's accession. Thorc was very little to mark the tlato, except that tho Uoyal Ensign waved from tho flagstafTa of tho different govern ment olllces ; but it was nono the loss ft memor- able day. Should her Majesty happily livo for another i2 months, sho will havo roignod longer than any previous English sovoroign, with tho oxcoption of her grandfather, Georgo III., and the poriod of hU ocoupnttoy of tho British throno ombracod so many intervals, when in coiiso- quonoo of Ids mental incapacity tho business of State was transacted by a regent, that ib is doubtful whethor his reign can ho Baid to ho contemporaneous with his lifo. Tho position of the Qticon, notwithstanding its splendor aud dignity, U ono of great Badness and loncfinosHs Of all tho monarohu who welcomed hor to her throno in 1837 not ono is alive ; many of tho nations which thoy governed havo beon swept away, and thoir oxiHtouco is only a tradition. Tho map of Europo would be uurccognhablo by many of tho German nnd Italian kings, princes and grand dukes who woro at the head of alfairs when tho last son of Gcorgo III. who sat upon tho British throno was still alive. Tho changos aro matters of history, and tho preaonco of tho Quocn amongst us is a link which binds tho present to tho past. The Koyal Agricultural Show was held this year at "Warwick. Tho nttondanoc was large, tho weather on tho whole flno, and amongHt tho visitors wero tho Princo of Wnlos and the Duko of York, who woro the guests of the Earl and Countess of Warwick. Tim show of horno wan vory large, there being 122 hunters, 34 coach horses and pontes, 94 hncknoys and ponies, 128 shiro horses, 30 Olydesdalos, 31 SulTolks and 7 hybrid horses intended for farm work. Amongst tho cattle wore 136 shorthorns, 53 Horofords, 22 Dovons, 29 Suhhox, 35 Longhorns and Welsh, 37 Kcdpolls, 178 Jorsoye, 45 GuornsoyH, nnd 56 Iteriys. Tho display of sheep was excel- lont in almost all its divisions. It comprised 35 pens of Leicestcrs, 28 of Ootswold, 36 of Linoolns, 56 of Oxford Downs, 238 of Shrop- shires, 102 of Southdowna, 51 of Hampshire Downs, 23 of SulTolks, 21 of Border Leiccstera, and 10 of Welsh mountain sheep. It would seem, judging from thoso figures, as though shorthorn cattle and. Shrop shire sheep were tho favorito breeds. The Hurlhort-Evolyn- Wilfred Murray caso has turned up again. Lord Coleridgo stated a few uights ago in tlic Houso of Lords that during the trial of Evelyn v. Hurlhort ho had oomo to tho conclusion that if Hurlhort had written tho indcoont lottcrs whioh wero pro duced, he would stick at nothing to got thom back into his possession again, and that uuusual precautions should be taken for thoir safe custody. Whon tho first effort was mado to obtain thom, tho judgos were nob suro thut it was not desired to prosecute Miss Evelyn for perjury, a course of which thoy would havo disBpprovod. But tho Lord Chief Justico admitted that thore had been a failure of jus tico, and that precautions had been takcu to prevent its reourrenco. An cxtrnordiuary action has boon triod in the Court of Queon's Bench, and as thoro is no ques tion about tho facts, has beon remitted to tho judges on a point of law. Tho Carbolic Smoko Ball Company advertised that they would givo a reward of £100 to any person purchasing thoir ball, and using it according to tho printed regula tions, who was subsequently attacked by in fluenza. A Mrs. Cartill bought tho specific, followed tho instructioue, but, sad to relate, caught the iniluonza. Whereupon, sho asked for tho modest century. Tho company refused to 44 part," and sho brought an action to oompel thom. Tho dofonoo was that tho advortisomont was not a oontraot, and oven if there wero a oontraot, then it was a contract by way of insurance against nn uncortain ovent, and was void under 8 nnd 9 of Victoria, cap. 109, or undor tho 14th Georgo III., cap. 48, as being a oontraot for gaming and wagering. About the legal aspect of tho case it is difficult bo form nn opinion, but thoro can be no doubt that the defenco of tho' company is bad in morals, and I should think unwise as a matter of policy. Thoy aro spending a lot of mouoy in order to show that their so called remedy is useless. A man named Neill, who styles himself a dootor, is in oustody on a ohargo of blackmail ing. Four women of loose livos havo within tho last 12 months died from strychnine poisoning. In the case of thrco of them, tho fact of their having boon murdered was known at tho timo of their death, but in the case of tho fourth, Matilda Clovor, who was an habitual drunkard, tho cause of death was ascribed at the timo to delirium tremens. Some person, believed to bo the prisoner, wroto letters to difforcnt gentle men, stating that tho writer knew that thoy wore tho poisoners, and demanding largo sums by way of hush money. In tho case of Matilda Clovor thero was this remarkablo fact, that until a lettor had beon written to a Dr. W. H. Broad- bent charging him with hor murder, no ouo knew or oven suspected that sho bad been poisonod until the recipient of tho lettor haudod it over to tho police. The body was then exhumed, and its appearanoo led to tho conclusion that death had arison from strychnine. Tho police on studying the case in all its aspects camo to the conclusion that tho writer of tho lettor had some guilty knowledge of the girl's death, aud that ho was mixed up with the other three murdors. Whether they will bo ablo to sheet the oaso home against Keill is another matter, but if he be guilty he is one of the most depraved sooundrels that ever existed, for ho has committed murders for tho hoIo purposo of making money by charging other persons with tho commission of his own orime. Tho strongest evidence against him up to the present is that ho purchased largo quantities of stvychniuo, and that he was idontifiod as having been soon in compauy with the girl Clover. Lord Dufferin has been installed as Lord Warden of tho Cinque Ports. Tbe ceremony, whioh took place at Dovor, was attonded with a considerable amount of military display, but its principal interest arose from its being a pic turesque survival of the period when the Cinquo Ports played an important part in the life of England, when thoir fleots formed tho first line of defence against foreign invasion and patrolled tho narrow waters of tho British Channel whonever the relations between Russia and England became strained. In those days the mon of the Cinque Ports, Hastings, Romnoy, Hytho, Dovor and Sand wich, with thoir "limbs," Winchelsea and Kye, were good patriots in war, and bold smugglers in peace. They defended their country against its enemies, and in return were invested with a number of privileges, which aro thus recited by the Standard : — 44 They wero exempt from tax and tallage, and endowed with the rights of soo and sac— that is, tho trial of all criminal and oivil oases within their liberties. Thoirs also were toll and theam — lho right of receiv ing tolls and holding serfs ; of bloodwlth and flodwith — the duty of punishing tho shodders of blood' nnd the fiecrs from justloe ; of pillory and tumbrill ; of infungtheof and outfangtheof— tho power of laying by tho heels and hanging folons ; of mundbrieoh— the right of crcoting sea dykes on any man's laud ; of waives and otraya and of jetsom and iiotsom or witsora— that is, the privilege of claiming what ever the soa threw up." Most of these privi leges exist no longer, and the principal pre rogative which tho .Portonia.ns now exeroiso is that of lotting lodgings to thoso of hor Majesty's subjoots who during the suinmor season fly to tho sea coAst of Kont and Sussex in order to inhale the health giving broozos whioh flow from the Channel. The later news, or rather reports, that hftve roachcd Europe from Uganda throw consider able doubt upon tho scusational rumors that have heon circulated in Franco and Germauy. Lord Salisbury informed the Houso of Lords on Monday last that a telegram received from Zan zibar reported the recuipt of lettors from tho southern end of Lake Victoria Nyanza, whero Captain "Williams had arrived, with news that tho fighting iu Uganda was ended, that hopes wero entertained that terms would bo come to with Mwanga nnd his adherents, that the English missionaries woro in Uganda, and that 19 Frenoh missionaries weresafo and woll iu the Bukobn. district, though Captain Williams's message in that particular was not quite olear. Lord Salisbury expressed a strong belief that Captains Lugard and Williams were incapable of takiug part in any persecution of the Roman Catholic missionaries, and that they had done nothing inconsistent with thoir charaoter as British officers. Tho Government would, however, mako evory inquiry, nnd punish anyone whose conduct was deserving of censure. In the conversational discussion which followed, Lord Kimberley expressed a very general senti- mont yvhon lie said that it was not satisfactory to bo held responsible for nottr that tako place in a part of Africa which cannot be communi cated with in less than six months. Some allu sion was mado to tho projooted abandonment of Uganda by tho British East Africa Company. It appoars that iu rotuta for a sum of £26,000, which was subscribed by the Church Missionary Sooioty, the company cgrcod to remain thereuntil tho endof the present your, for tho purpose of protecting both Protest ant and Catliolio missionaries. It is an open secret that Lord Salisbury thinks that the British Government should take over the country, ovou if it were abandoned by tho com pany, and that communication with the coast should bo established by a railway. Some refu gees from Equatorial Africa who have arrived at Cairo state that all tho Egyptian troops with tho exooption of 400 hnvo now evaouated Equatoria, nnd that most of thom have taken servioo with the British Company. Captain Lugard has now a force of a thousand woll armed soldiers, and his military supremacy is thoroughly established. His inoans of communication with the coast aro temporarily broken, bccauso Mwanga, having been defeated, 1ms retreated back on to the lino of communication. A munifiootib bequest has been made to tho working olnsucs of Liverpool and Manchester, and two gentlemen both formerly rosident iu Australia arc the moans by whioh they will rcoeivo it. Mr. David Lewis, who was tho head of a firm doing an enormous rotail business in both cities, died in 1885 loaviug his fortune, aftor providing for his widow and a few minor legacies, to Mr. Georgo J. Cohen, of Sydney, Now South "Wftlog, and Mr. B. W. Lovy, who was then resident in Australia, 41 in equal shares absolutely." Mr. Lewis loft with his will a lotter addressed to theso gcntlomon, in which ho stated that although bo made them his residuary legatees his wish was that they should utiliso his legAoy for tho boneQt of tho working classos of Liverpool and Manchester equally. Tho sum in question is at present about £200,000, but it will pro bably bo augmented to £350,000, and the legatees duBiro that tho monoy should bo dovotod to founding now institutions on un- sectarian lines. Thoy have accordingly Asked tho Right Hon. A. B. Forwood, M.P., and Sir William Houldsworth, Bart., M.P., to form a committee in whom the sum should bo vested. The only suggestion made by Mr. Levy and Mr. Cohen is that Mr. Lowis entertained a favorable opinion of tho Peabody system of dwellings for tho working classes. As till? whole amount is legally at the disposal of Mr. Lovy and Mr. Cohen, and as they could havo dovoted it to their own purpoaos if thoy wished, thoir aotion is generous, honorablo aud magnanimous in the h ghost degree. Notwithstanding the failure of Lo Tetit Chaperon Rouge, nnothor comedy without words has beon produced at tho Prinoe of Wales Thoatre, which was tho locality whoro L'Enfant Prodigue obtained so phenomenal a success. La Statuo du Oommandeur has littio or no pathos, no light and shade, but all light or humor. The story is, of course, the well kuown episodo in tho career of Don Juan when that scapegraco invites the statuo of tho Commander, whom ho had killed in a duel, to sup with him ; the acceptance of the invitation by tho man of stone ; his visit to the supper table, and the sub sequent death of Don Juan. In tho newvorBion tho hero, attended by his sorvant, Sganarille, is engaged in a double flirtation with RoBaura, a singer, and Sylvia, a dancer, whoso houses overlook tho square in which the Commander's statuo is placed. Don Juan serenades the ladies, and whon thoy appear at their window asks thom to supper, and in- oludea in the invitation the statue whioh has been ereoted in honor of a man whom Don Juan bad killed. Tho Beoond act shows tho supper room with the tablo spread for the feast. The statue stumps into the room, takes its seat botwecn llosaura and Sylvia, and by degreos changes from stone into flesh and blood, and very susceptible fiosh and blood. Ho takos wino with the ladieR, reciprocates their attentions, removos his helmet, and allowB thom to orown him with flowers, one rosobud ooming down and tickling his nose. Kosaura Bings in dumb show a song, which tho statue encores. Sylvia dances, not in dumb show, and he is delighted, swaying baokwarks and forwards with the music and applauding so vehemently that ho foars he has broken his strong fingers. At last ho rises and joins tho ladies in a spirited dance. The last act represents tho same scono as tho first, except that the statue is missing. Presently ho descends tho steps of Don Juan's mansion, and tries to find his pedestal. This ho does with difficulty, but at lust climbs up and fixes him solf iu position. His helmet is handed to him, and ho beoomes stone unoo more. But boforo ho has lost his vitality ho contrives to strangle Don Juun, aud thus avenges himself upon his murderer. Tho weight of tho piece fell upon M. Tarride, who was tho statue, and M. Courtis, the gentleman who played Don Juan, and who was well known to tho London publio for his impersonation of the elder Pierrot iu L'Enfant Prodigue. M. Tarride showed truo Jturnor as the statue, and evorything he did was with tho keenest perception of tho ludicrous, until he suddenly woke up into ferocity, clutohcd Don Juun with his unrelenting stoue fingers until the libertiuo was dead, when ho threw his corpse upon tho stao. I should not bo surprised it this comedy without words achieved a certain popularity. As a work of art it is quito equal to L'Enfant Prodigue, which had a m&rvoilouu; success. 