PRESENTATIOQIS.- INFOR?&LJ; CONFERENOE. An informal onferenoe of the Synod of the diooeee of Goulburn was held in St Saviour's school-room on Wedoesday morning. Some preliminaries of a very agreeable oharaeoter were transeoted, and while these were going on the Primate, the Bishops of IMelbourne, Briehban and Newocsile, with other visiting tlergymen, were prasenot. Thess pro'atoo, with th, Bishop of Goulhurn, had seats on the platform, as aleo had the Dean, the Rev. A. T. Puddicombe, and the Rev. Canon Soares. Canon Boarea having offered prayer, the Dean briefly opened the proaredinye and called upon Mfr. Maddrell to read an address from the Synod to the Bishop of Goulburn. The Dean said that Mer. Maddrell was the oldest rynodeman present, being a member of tile first synod which met 27 years ao. eAs they all knew, iXMr. taddrell was a very warm supporter of the ohurch, and be was quite sure the Bishop would find in him one who would nlways be ready to carry on any good work he mioht he called upmn to do. (Applause). Mr. Maddrell then read the following addresso, which was received with great applause: To the Right liev. William, by Diviae Permissiou, Lord ilshop of Goulburn ntay it pleaso yoar Lordship,-- We, the members (ceorieal anrd lay) of the diocesaa synod of Goulburn desire on this solemn and auspicious eocaosloet to record our dorout and reverend thankfulness to the Divico LHead of thu church that it hath pleased itim so to order by his governallce all the cofremucces acd consultations in the diacese that thu result has beaun the consecrationl of your Lordship to the Bishoprie of Goulbecr t with tll its prero gativrs and rights by the Most IevorCoud the Pretmato of Australia and the othtor right revered pnrelates who asslstod hin. And tehat your consecration has thaken p1Cu ic our own cathedrlal church in Goulburn, thus alfording to the clergy and leity of the dlocese the readier and more con venoient moans and oppi(tunitty of witncasieg the mcmor ablo and impressiveo co many than if it had'occurred elecwhcre, is also to us abourco of additional gratfication. We further desire with lovicg hearts and real followship. to grcct and welcome you as our chief pnator and as'one we bulleveo siocgularly fitted by a long and varied experienoce es a parish priest and dignitary in the colonial church to odministcr the see: and weo are assured that your Lorlshlp's eoastant aim and care will bu to emulato and follow ic his wise amieistratioa of this diooeuseo the first Iishop of Ooalburu, whoso memory we allrevere. We tarily heartily prey that Oad may gmant you abucedcutly that wsdom from ebhot ie its stve ral haroe toristics whict will strengthen aud sustain you in buildilng up thle church in the diocese. tYour Lordeship may always rely upon our uufeigned loyalty to yor enxalted omc and person as our choasen father in God, and weo trust that you will over find us true eced dutiful ecso of the Church of England. With profound replect wo beg to aubscribe ourselves, Tuoer Lordhip's most obcdient servants and faithful brothruon in Christ, Cigned on behalf of the Synod, The Bishop of Golbern, in reply, said he was very pleased indeed that he should have this early opportunity of meeting the Synod of tho diozeue of Goulburn. Neither need he tay that he was very tlhanehful indeed for the hind address that they had presented to him. They would believe, he was euro, that he meeost hobear ily reOlprotated all the good wishes therein contained, and that he joined with them in prayer to Almighty God that the future of the diocese under their united efforts might be as prosporous as He seos that it should be. And he need not say that ho lad fonod and did fled the very greatest possible comfort in their asaurance of future help and support. (Applause) Of course he knew that the language of these addresses must ncesesarily be more or less formalc-that the langu age of that address, they would say, was more or lose the language of hopoather than the language of confidenou; but he did not expect either the cleorgymen or the laity of the diocesea to have very much confidence in him, bocause confidence was a plant of very slow growth. But at any rate he hoped they would all belioreve that he was an honest man, that he had the most sinoere desire to do his duty, and that he had the derite to follow as closely ats he could the steps of that venerated predeocesor whose remains wero iolnterred in the cathedral grounds a few days ago. He was the more pleased to have this opportunity of meeting the tynod, because he would never forget that it was by the voice of the Synrd. heowas placed in the position ha now hold. (.pplauae.) They all knew and he was thanhful to be able to look them in the face and say it-that he never sought the oioee. (Applause) He was thankful to say that so far 0s he himse'f was concerned and as, he was sure, the members of the Synod were concerned, the appoint was made after earnest and continued daily prayer to Almighly God that He would so order the decieion of the Byoad ts might best tend to His glory and the progress of His kingdom. That being so, he had taken the appointment loyally with the inntention of doing his bhar; behleving that it was a work to which God aad His ohuroh had called him. (Applause.) He need not say that it was a epeuial comfore to him that his election to this oflioe was by the almost unanimous vpto of the Synod. (Applhus) He wass qito certain that the method of procedure whieh they'adopted on the oocsion had been and would be a geoud example to the ehurch at large. (Applause.) It was only the other day that he had a letter from a friend in Canada who oceupies a soamterwhat prominent posi tion in the church there, who told him that so far off he had heard of the mcrvellous unanimity which soeamed to oharsuoteriz the diocese of Goulburn in its olection, and that he hoped that the example might be followed not ouly by the other dioceses of Australia, but by the Auglianu Cchureh throughout the world. H (theo Bishop) thought the Synod had refl.eted credet on Synodical proceedings by the nethod they adoptcd at a very trying time. He know that he was not oleoted by a quite unanimous vote, anrd he was rather glad of it. It ehowed in the first place that there were olergymen and lay mon who had their opinions and who under somo what adverse cirtumetances were not afraid to plauo them on ruoard. Hoe weas a man who had epioions of hise own and was not afraid to express them as they would find by-aud-by (leughtor), and he resp:eoted people who expressed theirs. He thought the loctl~n beIang almost unanimous would raveo him from difliitty. upposlug he had ben elooted by a bare majerily, when times of dilli ully und triloama it was not Impocsaibleho would have thought the Synod had made a rmistake and thet the olter man would have done better. But as they Ihad cleoled himn almoit unanimously he must aroopt it and be, would Li4di6 frola that lemptlua. tice of h;lch hle lt? 6 . Aoi eZ?. ho ch ma to the Iihehctuhaur whidiCbtg Syeed hid. to confer, and whilh they had he ier'rd otn c osrauger. They murt have cleJteld ih? 'irh:ut~er on to tictony, nod ha Iraye:d ?re rtilv to Ood that tlhat tetimoaany might be found true. .Now the qlu?belio was-and it was very interesting to him and to thoem--" I wonder what sort of man you have get." (Laughter). They could not expect him to say onything against himself neither could they expect him to soy noything for himeelf (lIughter), so that his address must be somewhat limited. But yet he would like them to know, becoause he thought mutual knowledge begets mutual confidence. In the first place he must freely fulfil one of the conditions laid down by St. Paul with regard to bishops-he was not a novice. (Loughter.) He had had thirty years' experience of Australian work, and he was more thankful now than ever that he had had a very varied parochial experience in the diocese from which he came. He h.d had anlto a certain amount of cathedral experience, and also exporienc in the work of the affltirs of a diocese. Another point was he supposed -" What are your opiniona ''" Be did not Rnow that he wos ever osked in his life to explain them, and he did not intend to define them now. He thought he might say he was not a party man not, it might be, because hohad no: formed opinions bat simply because h e.had not had time to be a party man, and he hoped with all his heart he would noet have time hero. But he was so far an evangc ieal churchman as to hold from the very bottbm of his heart the fundamental principles of Christianity -those principles that save men's soulA. He hoped he was suflicieuntly an evangelical churohman to know and feeool the absolute necessity of personal religion--that there must be a personal self dedication of the soul to God before there can be any real advance made in the Christian life. Be thought also he was so far a broad churchman that he valued the philosophic side of religion as well as the dogmatic ride of religion, and he believed too that with in appropriatoelimits and if they are able to do it men should think for them selves. Then again he hoped he was suffieiently a high churchman to value the historic position of the Church of England as a true branch of the church of Christ ond also to value all those adjunuts which art can give to the worehip of Almighty God. He believed in beauty, in muaic, i adoranment, and he believed blso that the services of the church of Christ would not only have a spiritualizing but a civilizing tffecot especially on their youcger people if conducted in the way that he thought the Church of England should have them conducted. He would like to say to the clergy that these discussions of what we are are of comparatively little value It was a much more important thing, it appeared to him, that they should have good characters rather than great per.onual ieflantoce. He thought the ctltrgy m-.n in his parish was not so moch valued be the perticular school of theology to which he belonged is for his work and personal chlaracter, tand he telieved too that in preaclhing thle gospel of Christ crucified by far the best logic was tthe logic of an upright life and by far the inost persuasive rhetoric the rhetoric of thle sympathetic heart. He ihoped they would woerk earnestly together as true and fiithful servants of thle Lord Jesus Christ. It was aI very difficult post to be called to fill, and heo should be efraid if it w-ere not that hle had confidence in Almighty God, his heavenly flther, and confidence slso in the loyilty and good will and symputhy of his brethren the clergy and laity, the members of the Syntod of the diocese. And beccause hel had thlie confidenc e he would trust and he should not be afraid (Great applause) The Bishop resumed his seat, but again rising immediately said that there was one thing he had omitted. In thanling them for their hiad reception and for their address he ought spcoially to have mentioned the name of the Vicar General of the diocese. (dpplause.) He had the pleasure of Dean Pownall's acquaintance before he was elected. Certainly it was not a very olose so quointanos; still they knew eaob other. But he never knew whit a valoable man a dean wae, and what a valuable inslitution the dean is, until he was elected to the bishoprio here.- If he could bring the letters the Dean had written him on varioussuhjeots they would maoe quite a handsome volume. And the worst of it was he could not say he would less miss the man now that he was bishbp. He was afraid that the "little finger" of the Bishop would be thicker than the Iclins of the Bishp-e!eole. (Laughter and applane.) For the admirable way in whieh the dean had arranged things both for the diocese and his (the Bishop's) personal comfort and the admirable way in which Tuesday's services were eenduated they all owed special hearty thanks to the vicar- general of the diocese. The Rev. J Studde, on behalf of the clergy, then asked permission at that stage to make a presentation to the Dean. The Bishop, who had taken the chair, said he was very happy to hear euoh a presentation was to be made. The Rev. Mr. Ssudde and the Rrv. P. G. Smith then advanced to the table, and the lotter, eddrese ing the Dean, said that his brother clergy had done him the honor as a clergyman of the oldest standing in the dioceoe to ask him to present the Dean with an address expressive of toeir regard and esteem and of their appreciation of the ability shown by him asVeoar-Oeneral and Administrator. He gladly undertook the pleasant duty, which he had boon asked to perfortn as a fellow labourer with the Dean for so many yearus, even from the formation of the diocesea, and having during those years had abundant opportunity of learning the Dean's great ability and his very great worth. The Bev. Mr. Smith thaon read the following address, wNhioh was bound and handsomely illuminated : To tle Very ?eo. William Henry Powaall, B.D., Dean of Goulburn, Vier-Gaonelt and Adltaiietruator of tle Diocese of Goulhurn. Very rev. Sir.l-On tie ea son of the consecration of the socond Bishop of Goulburoaoud of your conseqaount retiromenrt frete the osice of adeiaislrtor, we, the mdertiod clergy of the dtiocese, desire to couey to you oer deep sense of tihe efloney with wohich yeou have disetarged the iaportant duties tfeet have devolved upon you and of yeor unieo r courtsesy and khildness in your seesrtl otieia itrelations. ?eo desire also to epress our respect ard adiraltios for your Christian character and our oehlowltdgae t of theeat and varied seroices ep ooyo hateredrOd tc the clhreth in this diocese during the past 28 years and our tbanehoese tcleat by the providoncee of God you lurve ben spared to labour so loeg m this portion of the o ord's viteyard. eve beg yor nacretaenc of ithe oaompap yiag gld watch as auslight oeemeto of oar regard for you, shish hes ban doeponsod by the consistent mannero in wldc o hoe carried out the duties of yaour position as adtetiaierator of the diocese. Wisheling you ery blasitg in this life nod praoylo that ohean te chief Sheuperd slheall oppoear youma y receive the crtown of glory wiicht fadoth not iraay, T haltyfully yours, (Bere followl tle signautreas). The oi. Mr. Smith alsou hoanded the Dean a gold wAth, expressing the uhopes that he would long be spared to wear it, and that while it wonld remind him of the flight of ti em it would also remind him of his brother labourers in the gospel nod of their hearts that boet with good feeling and respect for him and with earnst dsires for his we fare in theo highest and widest sens of the word. (Gro?et ap plause.) ' • The Dean after a few preliminary remarks read the foltlowing reply : To the Clergy of theDioceso of Gothulbern. My dear BrotrFoa,--I desire to thank you very heartily for Seour ind address and the vatluhble ormehto jtht ahcoloaeiaos the same, though in so doieg Ifear I shall fail to epress tlab greatess of my gratitude ard my deep ssoaefes orhOIP iadoees.8 Tiee ndmnitistration of the diocese, weidef hns soer hlap. pily teose to an eud, was moch lightened hy your hitnd consideration, prayers, and sympathy, aud hy a personal convistion thasit wons service ronderod not to mah but to tthe Great Head of tIe Church. It is naturally oa resigning tie cares of ofltoe a great comfort for mo to feeo that what has beon attemated has proced coduciceto the good of the ehureh of the dioceso, and that during the iterereginmu in the Seo thes interests of the Iting hlave not This administratioe has iltaurolly 'broteht toe into more direet itoleroouro with some ofsyou than has pro. viousily beon the case, alld i trust the resuit may prove a strong bond of brotherly unuou botweea us. I deeply recogsiso and feel the gretness oe tile peri-ilogs Ohave hadof habearihg io tfle diocesed urilo thle etoae of thte epincopate of our late blovled and revered Bishopl, ad I trust I tay bo spared to use a hat little ability I mty poseses io aidiog sad oasyrryig sot to the atltostef toy power asy future work that Isay Ie aseigusd to ho y hha wlhos the Holy Ghost has made oar overseer. Of o0o tlhig, my b-ethren, I oat fully assered-that by earonest.nllted aetion and lprayer thle shtresh iu titi dioesea will heooae a praise sed a glory i this tair and sunatey land. Tho sihtaeility of your hIhd prestot doolly imlpressea oe,as wolsno ill dailylife Iyuio youyr gift I shall not forego tee givorea or sie agaist the Lord in eoasieg to pray for yes. May wer oll reaosaher the dciuos esomptl of Rliol wheald"I east work the wores of Hii that seat no orhie itls day. The night eomethl shoa no man can aort." " he bave no then to sport asayp the hours, All toust he earnest is a world lhko ours." Let us thenl sa a uaitod tody, uundr the loedieg of one wlem we wolcome as ostr Father ile God. ottoept great thidgs sod OIpcet great-thiegs froet Him who is ocer 1,rslared to graut the desirs of the earnest wrerhing sonl Ioy saylog, " Be it unto thee oven as thou wilt.e Agaiu tnaelnug you and prayleg tfeat you esay be all filled with thIe fullness of the blossiegs of tte Gospesl and to a blessintg o thtose over owheome you tiave the pI riteatl eharsge, thtes wrles tie Chief Stthoeperd ethllel appser ye wey reeive the oeorh that ftdoth tsot away, .]liovo moe, ayhbrotlhroet, Votrs faitlfaully i Christ, . it. I'Opote.LL The reply was received with great spplause. Tiee Primato In a few cordial words expresoed on behalf of himself and his brother bishops the pleasure whish the proceedings they had witatased hsd givcen them. The vsitiung cltrgy thon loll, and the work of tho Synod was entered upon, the Bishop intimating that the ubjentsl to ha disaunsed lay entirely with thbee present. Tho firet masler was brought forward by the rtev. A. T. Pnddiaoabs, who suggesled that the building in which they were nasecmbled should he defluitelty named. fame had determinedly called it the snhool-room, othors wllh rqaal dotermination called it the lote pro-cathedral, and oome, who sceemed to eoo in these the remains of a difference of opiuaue whieh atl hoped had IpCssed away altogether (ap pasuse), had adopted an . nsoymo. s to ru. sd spoke f It as the adjoiniag building. (Laughter.) Bo would euggest that it bh oeleld Bt. acviour's Church.hll. This uggoshtion enorned to ruet with fovour, and the 1Bisheop said he would act upon it if the Sjynod had the rigrht to glva se ramo. Tiles Hve.,. Bponcor introducod the nset subjeot in the ferit of a rosolatlso that it was desirable that the 4yuuds should moot auunaaly. After somc die. eussion the rev. mover acceptcd a suggestion that the motion should be withdrawn in view of the small attendance of lay members. The Bishop said he had beaou accustomed all his life to annual synods. He thought the holding of s?ynods was a practiocal matter. If those were busi ness to be done they should be ca!led together; if not, they should be held over. The Rev. R. Lsigh sugcested some alteration in the principles of the Church Booiety, stating that the presaent grouping of parishes was not ad visable. Soveral of the clergy agreed that the society rrquired re-organizing, and it was even said by one that it should cease to exist, as it was a drag on the parishes. It was agreed that the subject should be discussed at a meeting of the committee of the Church Society on the following afternoon. The Rev. J. Studds said that the present arrange ments for the support of the Clergy Widows' and Orphans' Fuod were not suofficient, and the Bishop gathered that he desired its claims should be repre sented to the dioceae. The Bishop spoke of the necessity for an organ for the diocese in which to publish diooesan affairs, and promised to obtain sample copies of a paper in the Ballorat diocese for distribution. MIr. Madgwich drew attention to the distressed condition of a very aged clergyman. The proceedings closed with the banediotion. 