KTHi ;- LAW .1iELATING TO .G*HRiTS. S (aT. JAMIE'S ' tmDOT.) , The Psychoztin, Soolety has recently, at the request of one of its members, whooepromlses were Infested with a noisy ghost, taken the opinion of Mr. Bludgeon, Q C., on a series of questions tending to elucidate the law as it relates to agosts. The learned counsel's opinion has ben forwarded tb us for publioa. tron, and we have much plensuro in giving orovineeoa to it. Mr. B.udgeon wrftes as follows : 1\. In answer, to the first question, I afm of opinion that an action for trespass will not lie against a ghost; it follows that an imnjuuction will not be granted. There is some uncerltainty on thepoint ; but I think that a ghost is not, at common law, a legal person at all, and therefore neither possessed of rights nor subject to liabilities. Therais no record in the bucks of any such action; a fact In itself negative testimony of no small weight. 2\. Subject to what follows, I thinlk there is a cause of action against the executors. It has been held that acorlpso i the property of its executors as being personal property; the opinion of Taper, V.C., that, by reason of burial, it might be said to savour of the realty being no longer law. The max:;m of law is, Mlfobiita orq ufro pro~srona,on--the ghint follows the corpse; and in my opinion tih court would restrai the executors from allowing or suffer ing their ghost t ttrosrlan on the prem'ion in question. In this case, however, the dillic::llt of discovering andi eorving the porsounl :tpr- - sentatives would ie almosnt insuperable, thI. ghoe~t having been deadul i00 years. 3\. Yen. If thl glhust cita op in. woAv?t -" title, an action would lie on the covennint for quiet enjoyment; but I must add that in my opinion there is evidence, and tolerably clear evilence, that in tis casen Mr. Iquirmsn took with notice of the encumbrunce, and, having obt.ained his lease at a lower rent in consideration of it, would ho hell in eluity to ho estoppod from ally such procooding. 4\. If Mr. Sluirms is right in his coniecturo and a surveyor of roupecaLbility ashoul he at once em ployed to itscertain whether lie is or not -that the body of the ghnnt hi buried on the premises, dilferent colidleratioun arise. An above stated, a hody is the iproperty of the executors; but this role ins ubltct to the wider principle, Qti'equi'l poelaiarlo solo, solo redit : and in my opinion the ghost, bIy being planted or buried on the land, lalsed to the freeholder and becamo part of the inheritance. The freeholder must be takento have known of its presenco; anrid I think, although not witlout doubt, that on the true cointruction of Mr. Squirms's lease, the body lpassed to him under the general words, and must lie regarded, for the purposes of this case, an his own. If I am cerrent in this, Me. Squirms is the author of his own wrong, and has the remedy in his own hands. 6\. No. A ghost cannotrequiro the owner of the promises o.i which his body is, to bury it at the expense of the owner. In my opinion a ghost has no rights as such. It is not my duty to express an opinion on what the law ought to be but merely to state what, In my opluion, 0\. If a spiritualist or other person, against the will of the executors or other the owners of aghost, reises it, and induces it to leave its owner and enter hts service, I think an action would lie (Lumley v. Oye, 2 E. and B., 210-239). 7\. A man has no right, in order to indulgo his own taste. to Introduce any ghost he may possess into his aunt's house, thereby dest roying the amenity of her residence. Sie utcro tuo ut allenumnon lnedes. A lIcence for any such purpose is revocable, unless given for valuable consrleration. 8\. No. There is no such easement known to the law. A custom would require strict proof. 9\. A ghost. instructed to haunt anty person on account of his employer, cannot without per mission employ another to fulfil his duties. Delegatus non potrst delegarc. 10\. The tsl;pici.n of ain authrcntic ihot heing on the premises does not warrant the ofiiCere of the Society in entceinu or rou:ain'ni on the premises, nor in diemenlinlg rcfreslihmenlts while engaged therecrn. If the interests of scienco dem:nrnd puch powers, r courre mus-t to had to the I?gialattrie. It is irmlosiblo for roe to ex iprcontiy opliiiol nas to tie re!ult of nuich an applicaiton. 11\. l'ho I' ,b!ic IHalth Act, in Ipy opiniun, give'i the nanitary authority no jurt-diatioli over 12\. If the elnggeeted explanation of the ghllot's cries anld groa?'L i corre :t, thl Court of the Ordinary woult scorn the proplr triunal. I recomai end thit ,the clitioin of couniel learned in cclesiastical law tio 'acio on this pOint. SAM.etlr. ir.n lr:o:. 