CRACKED CHESNUTS. " Silver down," as the barmaid said to the broker when he called for his matutinal whisky, W* \- * ^ The gilded youth who runs a bank in the rural districts is not always noted for the strength of his mental organism. One of the species was recently despatched to the local post office and store in order to purchase a dozen tennis balls. Half an hour later he returned triumphantly with twelve telegraph forms. He now says that it was a very good joke f on his part, but his friends refuse to believe him guilty of perpetrating any thing so excruciatingly humorous. * It is not always the sermon which makes the greatest impression on the minds of people who attend church, or else this paragraph would not have reached Quiz. In one of the churches at Glenelg on a recent Sunday the minister at a . period of the service when all thoughts should be turned tb things celestial used the expression, " O Lord, open our eyes." A giddy youth surveying the somnolent congregation thereupon soliloquised rather audibly, "By George, I think it is necessary." * * 1 When the new Secretary for Foreign Affairs, Lord Rosebery, was visiting Adelaide the then Mayor, the late Mr. W. Bundey, was showing my lord over the Town Hall, and amongst other things was exhibiting the massive mayoral chain with its heavy links of gold. Rosebery was in the midst of his admiration—assumed or genuine— when he was startled by the harsh, strident voice of a little, red, dumpling sort of Alderman, who was saying—" What do you think of that, Mr. Rosebery 1 No blanky* Brummagem about that, Mr. Rosebery." The reply is not recorded. * * ■)(• They were having a lesson on vegetable life in a country township. " Now, children," said the teacher, raising his big right hand impressively, " what is underwood ?" For a time no answer came, but at length the bright boy of the class held up his hand and exclaimed, " Please, sir, I know, sir." " Well, what is it, Willy !" " Please, sir. Snowy, sir." It appears that there is a resident of the township who bears the name of Underwood, but who on account of the fairness of his hair is known as Snowy. That schoolboy was, however, plucked. * :k ik At a fashionable ladies' college between the city and the hills they recently gave a class of maidens ranging from 11 to 15 years of age that delicate subject from the Bible, to wit, one of the Moasic hygienic customs, upon which to write an essay. The children's parents were made aware of the fact by the little girls anxiously enquiring for particulars of a subject upon which they were naturally ignorant, though goodness knows it is all put pretty clearly in the chapter that was given for reference. When you are advocating Bible- reading in State Schools in future just call to mind this fact, which conclusively shows that the indiscriminate study of the Book might become Zolaesque in its realism. * * * A very prominent member of the National Defence League and a man who is anxious for political honors lives in a southern township which shall be nameless. On divers occasions this gentleman had expressed himself adversely to the eight hours system, which he seemed to regard as an abomination like unto the mark of the beast. Only quite recently he employed a mason to build a house, and being of an economical turn of mind he rendered assistance in the capacity of a laborer—carrying stone and so forth. As a result of this unwonted exertion the N. D. L. man got quite knocked up, and was unable to give his attention to his favorite evening meal. "What do you think of eight hours work now?" he was asked, and after feeling himself all over in order to ascertain that his bones were in their usual places he replied, " Well, I don't mind admitting that eight hours is quite enough for me." He wont go laboring in that kind of vineyard again. * * * When a bashful young lady is having her requirements attended to by a handsome young storekeeper many mistakes may be made. This proved to be the case recently in a Peninsula township. She had just purchased a pair of boots at 6s. 1 Id., and was a penny short in her cash. Stammering confusedly she observed that she would take out the penny in laces, and the youth, not noticing the incongruity of the proceeding, expressed himself delighted that she should do so. Then off she ran as fast as she could, and it was not until her tiny feet had covered several hundred yards that a sense of the imposition of which she had been guilty dawned upon her innocent soul. To repair to the shop with all speed was the natural sequence, and when she ' arrived out of breath she leaned over the counter, and he leant forward also, and. their heads bumped together, and they both said at the same time, " How clumsy of me," and then amid much laughing the whole thing was explained, and two young people were quite happy once more. * * * There is one man in this city who, to judge by outward appearances, is about the hardest reader in South Australia. Yet he doesn't look it, nor does he in general conversation display an intelligence above the ordinary. He has two junior clerks (of course he may have more, but two will be sufficient for the purposes of this yarn), and every Saturday these unfortunates, who would greatly enjoy witnessing a football or cricket match, have to toil to their employer's residence, some distance from the city, with arms full of books and periodicals, so that the boss may have something to occupy his mind on Sunday. The wonder is that he does not purchase a van and have painted on it " 's Sunday reading." This would be a splendid advertisement, and it would enable the junior clerks to take advantage of their so-called half holiday. By and bye their gratitude would become so great that they would voluntarily canvass for votes for their revered master in a certain southern electorate. When the Rev. W. H. Fitchett was editor of the defunct Daily Telegraph, of Melbourne, there was a man on the literary staff who for the sake of convenience may be called Smith. This young fellow used to add to his weekly screw by contributing to an alleged humorous publication, and he made no secret of the fact that he was dissatisfied with the D.T. rate of remuneration. As a matter of fact he had an offer of another and a better billet, and so was careless. One day he was called into Fitchett's sanctum. " I am sorry to hear that you have been complaining of the pay you receive in this office. I venture to think that you have been w6ll treated. You know that the office expects the entire services of its employes, and you know that you have been writing for such and such a publication." " Excuse me, sir," interrupted Smith, without the ghost of a smile on his face, "but it is currently reported that you are the President of the Ladies' Wesleyan College, and —;—" " That has * nothing whate ver to do with the matter," thundered Fitehett, a&dfie; abruptly terminated the interview. * * it There is a man who lives in the eastern suburbs who is supposed to be the owner of several very fine houses, and who is generally looked upon by the neighbors as belonging to the well-to-do class. When the Broken Hill strike occurred this worthy went to the Hill, as it was reported, " to have a * look round." For weeks he was absent, and his acquaintances in the locality of his suburban villa began to wonder whether he had fallen down "a mine, or received a bullet wound from a shanghai, or something equally dreadful. . Lo, and behold! when the newspaper reports of the conspiracy case came to hand it was found that he had blossomed into a detective, for such did the re porters style him, and in his evidence he stated that he had been employed by the Mining Com panies to secure testimony against Sleath & Co. Now, how does this individual come to be a detective? So far as Quiz is aware he is not connected with the Police Force of South Aus tralia or New South Wales, and if not it would be interesting to know on what he bases his appa rent claima to be a sleuth hound of the law. * * "North Adelaide, 13th October, 1892. Dear Quiz—Can you please tell me what a demi-monde train is. Excuse my want of knowledge, for I am only a woman—that is to say, I was educated when young and came from 4 home ' to this colony —but I am poor and do not hold ' Brokens/ there fore I say I am only a woman. But pardon me, Quiz. I have some lady friends—you know what I mean—wealthy people who live at North Ade laide, and who visit my country (England) occa sionally, and of course do the ' Continent,' visit Paris, &c.;, where they (holding Brokens and being wealthy) are naturally quite at home. All this seems superfluous, and it is so, doubtless, but I do want to know what a demi- monde train is. Re cently one of my before-mentioned lady friends arrived from England and the Continent, and I was kindly invited to inspect, with another poor woman friend of mine, the numerous costly selec tions acquired by my patroness during her extended tour. Among the many for special inspection was exhibited a Cup dress, secured from one of the fashionable Parisian establishments. It was very beautiful, very costly, and had what I termed a demi-train. I ventured to say I admired demi trains, but my lady friend of much travel quite made me uncomfortable by her higher knowledge of millinery terms when she drawled (she drawls now, but did not once), c Oh, yes. When I was in Paris you know demi- monde trains were so fashionable, and I do like them so much.' Do please tell me, Quiz, what a demi-monde train is, for I want to be educated and so much wish to be a lady." 