the show. ' ' PUBLISHED DAILY. "lam In the place where I am demanded of con- science to speak the truth, and therefore the truth I speak, impugn it whoso list." TO CORRESPONDENTS. Letters and other communications intended for Insertion in the news columns should be addressed to THE EDITOR.. Rejected letters cannot be returned under any circumstances whatever. Correspondents are advised to keep copies of their letters, as this rule will be adhered to strictly. No notice can be taken of anonymous communications. Every- letter must be accompanied by the name and address of the writer, not necessarily for publication, but as a guarantee of good faith. To avoid inconvenience and delay to persons interested, we have to request that all business communications, including advertisements, orders for the paper, and remittances, be addressed to WHEATON and MACKINNON, and not to THE EDITOR. Payments by post-office order, bank draft, or Victorian postage stamps will oblige. TUESDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1802. m The discussion of the tariff proposals of the Government in detail is commenced to-day, and the desire is general that the items should be disposed of as rapidly as possible consistent with their due' consideration. The committee will have an early opportunity of voting on some of the high tariff or non- revenue duties, and if these are defeated the Government might reasonably elect to save time by withdrawing the others. This session should be devoted to obtaining revenue. If there is a necessity for tariff revision to reduce revenue in the interests of certain of the trades, that task can reasonably stand over until next year, when there will be more leisure, and when it may be hoped that the finances will be in a more prosperous condition. Reasons accumulate to show that this is, not the proper occasion to send up charges as against the producer. Victoria is likely to garner the heaviest wheat crop she has yet known, so that it is certain that she must sell abroad- that she cannot rely upon a protected home market. The dealer will only pay one price for wheat, and that will be the export price, and the export price will be the London price minus freight and expenses. And the London price promises to be the lowest on record. Apparently there will be bountiful harvests' in most of the great wheat producing countries of the world, in addition to which the stocks held in the consuming centres are unusually heavy. Last week's sales in London were at the lowest prices ever known, and no one can say that quotations have yet touched bottom. In all probability, therefore, our agriculturists will have to accept such prices as have been unknown before, and at such a moment it cannot be right to indulge in a further cutting into their profits. The farmer sells wheat in England, and he is paid in English goods, he is and he can be paid in no other way. He is to get less for his wheat than One has ever " received before, and according to the Budget he is to pay more for his goods without the revenue being benefited. It surely is little short of an insult to the intelligence of the farmer to represent that a policy which must inevitably further reduce his reduced income is framed in his interests-. Whether the policy is in the real interests of the Trades-hall is doubtful. We believe that it is not, and that the interests of the trades are really best served by their having behind them a mass of customers with money to spend. But the position of the farmer does not admit of argument. That the new policy puts him in a worse position at a juncture when he needs help rather than an adverse handicap is apparent to all save those who wilfully shut their eyes and avert their ears. Men who are willing to see cannot mistake the signs that the staples of the world are rapidly falling in value, and that a fierce struggle is now being entered upon between the competing nations in which the weakest must go tO tbe wall. The western states of America may have to collapse, or Egypt may, or India, or Australia. At such a crisis ought we to saddle our producers with new imposts and with dear I freights caused by the absence of shipping? Writing on behalf, not of any class but of Victoria as a whole, we venture to stoutly assert that, no matter how certain hon. members rave about their " old liberalism,'' those members will be endangering Victorian prospects if at this moment they smile at production. Among the duties likely to be taken this week are the stock tax and the spirit imposts. About the stock tax little need be said Here the House has a " mandate from the country," and it would be unreasonable to expect members who have given specific pledges on the subject to go back upon them. We can only hope that the impost will have all the good effects that its promoters hope and none of the bad effects that its critics fear. The House approaches the spirit duties with a free hand, and here revenue considerations and revenue considerations alone ought to be taken into account. With a bewildering audacity it has been said that the proposals of " the Government do not involve any " increase of protection on home-made " spirits." Such a statement surely goes to show how as subsidies increase so do scruples diminish. Under the old tariff the charges were 8s per gallon for Victorian spirits and 12s. per gallon for imported spirits, and now the rates are to be 10s. and 15s. It is contended that as the ratio is the same, the local spirit paying one-third less than the imported, therefore the subsidy is the same. If the duty were raised to 30s. per gallon on imported spirits, then, according to this unique view, the local article would be entitled to a differential duty of 10s. only we are sure that if the duty on imported spirits were reduced to 3s. per gallon the local maker would not be content, as the argument requires that he should be, with a subsidy or preference or advantage- of 5s. per gallon. The question is how much per gallon subsidy we should give the local distiller. The Tariff Commission of 1883 said that 2s. 6d. per gallon was sufficient. The bonus has stood at 4s. per gallon, and the proposal is to increase it to 5s. The honesty of the good people who say that there is no difference between a 4s. bonus and a 5s. bonus is not to be questioned, but their good faith is conceded at the expense of their business capacity. As spirits can be made here from maize at 1s. 6d. per gallon, a duty of 4s. per gallon is equal to a bonus of 20 per cent. on production and as the lowest price named for cheap European spirits in bond is 2s. per gallon, that import is handicapped at present by a 200 per cent. rate. The position was clearly put in our issue of August 14 : ' In all other countries it is a cardinal principle of revenue policy where spirits are concerned that the excise must be equal to the import duty ; but in Victoria the plea of protection has Biifiiced to gain a heavy differential duty in favour of the local article. Now, the total output of spirits from the local distilleries for the year ending June 30, 1892, was (in round numbers)' 300 000gal., or rather more than a fifth of the total consumption. If the full duty had been paid, the Customs revenue on local spirits would have been £180,000. The duty actually paid was £120,000. Supposing that in the first place the full duty had been charged to the local distiller and the difference then returned in the form of a bonus-a course which would amount to precisely the same thing-the actual result of last year's operations would be represented,, thus : Duty paid on local spirits ... £180,000 Bonus returned . £00,000 With the increased advantage now given the distillers hope to at least treble their output. Suppose they succeed in merely doubling it, and that it is raised to GOO.DOOga. a year, the position in regard to the revenue, stating it as before, would be as follows :- i Hull amount of duty ...£450,000 Bonus returned £150,000 If the difference works up to £150,000 per annum, that is equal to a payment of 5500 per week for an industry which, according to the last returns of HAYTER, employs 100 men. If 150 men should be employed under the new conditions the loss on these men would still be equivalent to £1,000 per man per annum. The money thus lost to the state, whether it be £50,000 per annum, or £100,000 per annum, or £150,000 per annum, has to be made up somewhere. Some tax must be imposed to wring it from the people. And it may be submitted that it is a cruel wrong to squeeze this money from hard pressed homes in order to bestow it upon a wealthy industry which is more than sufficiently protected by the old bonus. One point to be kept in mind is that if any duty proposed by the Government is not imposed it should be made payable up to the date of the rejection of the impost. This avoids the necessity of the Treasury paying back duty which the consumer has already been charged with. On a previous occasion this precaution was omitted, and the Treasury was depleted accordingly. The letters which have appeared in our columns and the resolutions which have been passed by genuine country racing clubs in favour of the Totalisator Bill ought to convince every member of the Legislative Council that the measure is one deserving the most careful, consideration. No legislative body can be entitled to treat such a subject lightly or to pass it over with indifference. We must deprecate the stale and hackneyed argument that the bill is objectionable because it makes vice legal. There is very little difference between recognising gambling in a straightforward way and tole- rating it on every racecourse and on the very pavements of the street. If there is any difference at all, it is in favour of the more manly and less hypocritical course of openly admitting the fact that the public bet on races, and of endeavouring to protect them as far as possible. What can be more absurd than the utterance of platitudes about' legalising gambling," when wagers are being made every night under the very shadow of the Houses I of Parliament, and when many legislators are themselves in the habit of putting a sovereign or two on a race 1 The liquor traffic, which is by many regarded as a worse vice than gambling, which is constantly described as the great curse of the British nation, which is said to work nearly all the havoc that is made in our Varied system, is " legalised " and regulated. Why, then, should any objection be made to the regulation of betting on the racecourses ; a game, or vice, or whatever it may be called, that is practised openly and without let or hindrance ? Why should the law be so framed that it has practically no control over the gambling that takes place' on the course or in the back rooms of tobacconists' shops ? As a matter of fact gambling is " legalised " in a bastard way, and the community could be no worse off if it were made legitimate. We are not concerned, however, with the question of gambling in general, nor need we make an abstract inquiry as to the circumstances under which the state might recognise it. The sole point at issue is simply whether certain clubs, which are in reality public racing clubs and are not managed for the benefit of individual shareholder, should be allowed to use the totalisator. It might be better for the public weal if there were no such thing as betting. But betting is old, and apparently can- not be eradicated. When the chai letters of Greece raced at the Isthmian games for the laurel crown they had their wagers on the result. Whether the prize be a wreath of laurel or a small fortune in money, the gambling spirit continues to manifest itself. And as everyone must admit that this tendency in human nature cannot be suddenly checked, we have to consider how the innocent part of the public, who are not gamblers by profession and who only make a modest bet on the racecourse to increase the zest of the day's outing, can be best protected. From this point of view a number of strong arguments can be adduced for permitting the use of the totalisator. We need not refer to the fact that it would put an end to the, strident loan of the ling, which under the present conditions makes the Flemington racecourse resound with a noise like the din of a menagerie or the yelling of football barrackers. To many a little more peace and quiet- ness would make the day much more enjoyable. ?> But the main point is this, that the totalisator would abolish the small bookmaker and would deprive the adventurous welcher of any chance of defrauding the public. The backer of horses could always be certain of the honesty of the machine. And, further, what is equally important to him, he would be sure of getting fail or odds than he can now obtain from any of the bookmakers. The better class of bookmaker would still continue their business, for much of the wagering on big races is done beforehand. But the casual bookmaker would dis- appear, and on the racecourse itself the public would have the satisfaction of using a machine which would register for them the actual odds, and of knowing that the profits would be spent for public objects. Then, again, with the totalisator there would be no possibility of credit. The clerk who had lost his money could not make a wager on credit, and be tempted afterwards to pay his " debt of honour " by embezzling his employer's money. On the whole, it must be allowed that, if we assume that gambling is inevitable, the totalisator would make for honesty in the game. We could sympathise with any outcry against the Totalisator Bill if it were intended to allow an indiscriminate use of the machine. Proprietary clubs would start up, as happened in New Zealand, in large numbers, for the purpose of making a profit out of gambling, and their conduct in racing would be a disgrace to the turf and an outrage on public opinion. But in the measure with which the Legislative Council has to deal, the use of the totalisator is to be restricted to clubs which are bound' to spend their share of the profits in encouraging legitimate sport; To many of the country clubs it would give a fresh lease of life. It would enable them to improve the courses and increase the prizes. The genuine racing clubs would be benefited, the speculative clubs would be discouraged. The members of the Legislative Council are, of' course, entitled to define in the most stringent way what are genuine public racing clubs, and to dictate carefully how the benefits of the totalisator are to be spent. But they cannot logically refuse to listen to the arguments of the country clubs, which are in a sense already recognised by the state. Every precaution should certainly be taken to prevent the abuse of the totalisator. It does not follow, however, that the legitimate use of the machine should be prevented. It may be thought that, to guard against any increase in gambling, the conditions under which the totalisator is to be used on public racecourses should be modified. Let the Council try by all means to avoid any mistakes that have been made in other colonies, but it must not flatter itself that by rejecting the bill and leaving the ordinary better, who is no barrier, to the mercies of the ring, it is doing anything that is either moral or sensible. The' mere fact that the churches and the bookmakers have combined to oppose the Totalisator Bill, that such an unholy alliance is possible, should be enough to show that from the point of view of the general public, who are neither fanatiesnorprofessionalgamblers, the bill may contain much to recommend it to the common sense of the Legislature. For the directors of the broken land banks a certain sorrow can now be felt. To enjoy the forbearance of the Crown is an excellent thing for them and they are to be congratulated accordingly ; but also, and alas, these unhappy gentlemen have come under the direct personal patronage of Mr. THOMAS BENT. And that is a considerable section". Here the good luck of the directors has notably deserted them. At one of the many recent meetings of the shareholders and depositors Mr. BENT played the con- genial part known in other circles as that of "barracker," but he seems to have been kept from attending further gatherings. Some earnest remonstrance, " Good Heavens, BENT, do not go and rainfall by bouncing and brawl " ing, " appears to have been addressed to him, and he has been conspicuous by his absence from later assemblies. Bob at the Mayor's quarterly luncheon yesterday the hon, gentleman who was present ex officio as Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of Victoria broke out badly. Everyone, it seems, who ventures to think that certain of Mr. BENT'S friends and associates have "tarnished the name " of the colony "-to quote the Treasurer of the colonists to be the subject of the delicate or indelicate reproaches of the new Speaker, without regard to time, place, and season Those who know the hon gentleman are aware that there are many reasons for not taking hibienmrls too seriously-, Mr Br*>r has explained certain transactions of his own by the queerest of statements all of which have been graciously accepted, but all of which cannot be forgotten No one would charge him with wilfully indulging in fiction in order to palliate romantic balance sheets, but he is Rev recently the victim of strange misconceptions about facts and loose notions about mercantile conduct In this community everyone is well acquainted with Mr. SIM and 1 now the value, of his i clubs and the worth of Ins denials-lin> Pascoevale and his other denials to those outside our bounds the assurance may be respectfully given that the commercial morality of Mr Speakei-as an ardent advocate of hush engineers not the commercial, morality of the colony. Qon help the colony if it were ! ' -We have been assured that we were mistaken' in asserting that 'Ministers divided- among themselves. the salaries of three < ex-colleagues in- February March; - and April" last, inasmuch m they only shared one salary. With the utmost pleasure we' make the correction and at the same time make Ministers a present of it. The complicated manner in which the accounts are kept is apt to mislead, but after all "what, we mean desired was to emphasise the fact that when Mr. SHIELS was preaching economy and vetronclnnonb at Casterton he and his colleagues were drawing more money from the pockets of the luApayep, than was "absolutely essential to the " cardinal functions of government." The principle is the same whether the amount he large or small. An offender who applies degrees of magnitude to hh misdoing is none the less an offender. The admission, really covers the whole ground. It is not to the pm-. pose that other Ministers may have set them the example, or that Mr. SHIELS and his colleagues had legally the right to appropriate more money than they received before or have received since. What has to-be remembered is that the increased salaries were being drawn at a time when the country was being entertained (another word would more accurately describe the position) by promises of retrenchment. The humour of the defence on this point, namely, that the retrenchment foreshadowed was not to begin until July 1, while the lapsed salary was pocketed in February, March, and April, is its only redeeming feature. While gladly modifying our original statement that three salaries were divided among the Ministers who kept the Government going from the time Mr. MUNRO, Sir FitEuiimoK SARGOOD, and Mr. J. M DAVIES retired, we might still ask for further information. When those gentlemen i cured only one vacancy was filled at the time, Mr. PEACOCK being promoted from an honorary position to be Minister of Education. But the other two portfolios were not allotted for some vi eels afterwards. One salary of course went to Mr. PEACOCK, the other was divided as admitted, but what of the third 1 For Ministers' own sakes. this question should be referred to. " What's done we partly can compute, We know not what's resisted," His Excellency the Governor will visit the Bendigo National Agricultural Show to. morrow, and will be accompanied by the Minister of Mines and the Minister of Defence. On Saturday His Excellency and nearly Hopetoun and suite will attend the race meeting at Caulfield. On the assembling of the Legislative Council this afternoon, Dr. Embling will ask the Postmaster-General what practical results have followed the passing of the Conciliation Act, and if the Government intend to take any further action in regard to it, The Stamp Duties 1911 is to be further considered in committee, and the other orders of the day are for the second reading of the Municipal Overdrafts Indemnity Hill, the Public Health Law Amendment Bill, the Electric Lighting Bill, and the Noxious Insects Bill. No fewer than 118 notices of (Inestions appear on the business paper of the Legislative Assembly, but none are of special importance. Mr. W. T. Carter proposes to direct the attention of the Solicitor General to allegations of incivility against officers of the Insolvent Court, With a view to inquiry. Mr. Mason will ask the Minister of Railways to provide accommodation for passengers and goods on the Great Southern line. Mr. A. Harris will ask the Treasurer why provision has not been made on the estimates for paying an extra 6d, a day to permanent way men employed on the railways. The first Government business will be the consideration of . the message" from the Governor in connection with the Agricultural Grants Bill, and afterwards the tariff will be dealt with in committee of the whole, roll, i-.-:- -,." ...i.A(-l,nv on. Some doubt has arisen as to whether Mr. Dobson could legally occupy the position of Acting-President of the Legislative Council during the absence of Sir James MacBain through illness, as the commission issued by His Excellency the Governor specially mentions the name of the latter gentleman as the occupier of the Presidential chair. To remove all doubt His Excellency yesterday issued another commission authorising the appointment of an Acting-President. No name is stated in the latter document, so that the Legislative Council will be at liberty at any time to appoint any one of its members to the Acting-President without necessitating the issue of another commission. It is probable that Dr. Dobson will, at the meeting of the Legislative Council this afternoon, be again formally elected Acting-President, and will act under the commission issued yesterday instead of under the one in which the name of Sir James MacBVm is mentioned. The railway returns for the week ending October U show a marked increase in the receipts as compared with the corresponding week in 1891 ending on October 8, the total revenue having been £74,188 and £50,028 for the two weeks respectively. The receipts from passengers, parcels, mails, ice, are swelled in last week's return by, the takings for periodical tickets, and amount to £13,7.! as against £32,595 for the corresponding week of last year. There has also been an increase in the goods traffic from £27,033 to £30,813, , largely owing to the exceptionally early wool traffic. The traffic only Commenced three weeks ago, and already 10,000 bales have been carried in excess of the quantity handled during the corresponding period of last year. The aggregate revenue to date for the financial year has been £742,858, as against £808,817 for the same period of 1801-2, showing weekly averages of £53,001 nnd£57,75S respectively. The decrease as compared with last year is £05,709. To judge by the business now being done the increased revenue from the twopenny postage will exceed anticipations. The receipts from stamps for the CO days prior to the increase in the rate was £113,784, being an average of £1,800 8s. per day. The receipts for 24 days from the 12th of September, when the increased rate was enforced, amounted to £53,083, or an average per day of £2,21) 19s. 4d. The daily increase in the revenue since the rate was doubled has therefore been£313 said. Kora year of 310 days the increase at the same rate would amount to £117,660, while the estimated increase for the first year is £8r>,000, and the busy season of the department has not yet set in. Mr. Taverner, M.L A., intends to ask the Premier to morrow an important question relating to the construction of new railways, He has been informed that several contractors are prepared to tender for the construction of railway and accept Government de- bentures in lieu of cash as payment 'The contractors will, of course, dispose of the debentures to the public or the banks, and in that way obtain the funds to pay the work men employed by them. In view of the difficulty that the Government would experience in going on the London market to borrow money at the present time, Mr. Taverner thinks that the Government might take advantage of the suggested means of proceeding with the construction of about 200 miles of railways which are required in various parts of the colony to enable farmers to get their produce to market cheaply. In view of the large demand for mallee land, and the great difficulty experienced by the Lands department in meeting it, it linn occured to Mr Taverner, M L A., that some arrangement might be come to with Messrs A and J. Macreadie, G, Holloway), and II Cresw tel:, who hold leases for mallee blocks to the west of Swan Hill to surrender portions of their holdings, so that the land might be cut up into allotments, and thrown open to selection for agricultural purposes The lessees mentioned have fenced in the portion of their holdings near the Murray River known as the box flats, with wire netting, and use it for grazing purposes, but the u western part of their leases is not of much advantage to them, and it is this portion that Mr. Taverner wishes to have made available for selection. He has suggested to the Minister of Lands that, in consideration of the lessees surrendering the western portion of their holdings bordering on the 143rd meridian, and allowing three or four roads to he surveyed through the box flats to the Murray to permit of the farmers sending their produce by boat to Swan Hill or Echuca, they should have their leases for the box Have extended. The select committee appointed by the Legislative Assembly on the motion of Mr. Bowman, M.L.A., to inquire into cases of alleged roll starting at Avoca, held two sittings at that place last week and took evidence regarding about 18 cases, a large number of witnesses being examined. The electorate of Talbot and Avoca is divided against itself, Talbot strongly supporting Mr. Bowman and Avoca casting a very solid vote against him, and the allega- tion is that in their strong desire to afford Mr. Bowman an opportunity of representing some other constituency the residents of Avoca and neighbourhood have not scrupled to ante-dated the births of their children so as to obtain for them the franchise some years before they in the ordinary course of nature would be entitled to it, and that they have also secured help of rota electors who, having been trained in the exercise of political privileges under the late Mr. Woods, came willingly over the river to give a helping hand to their neighbours. A number of those against whom evidence was tendered had been struck off the roll by the Inspector Under the Purification of Rolls Act, and as. to the question of how many of the others voted there is some doubt. This cannot be decided without an examination of the ballot papers. The sittings were held in private, because the committee did not consider that it had power to admit the public. If this is so it is because power was not sought at the appointment of the committee to report evidence from day to day. The committed will sit again in Melbourne this week. The management of the Post-office was criticised in a letter which appeared in The Argus of Thursday last signed Rooke, Tcmp sits, and Co., in a manner to which Mr. James Smibert, the Deputy Postmaster General, takes exception. The rate of postage charged for circulars, price-lists, he., is considered excessive by the firm mentioned, but Mr. Smibert states that the rate was settled by the. Australian postal con- ferences quite independent of any Government, and that it is a reasonable charge. It is complained that the Post-office is not worked on commercial principles, because Messrs. Rooke, ' Tompsitt, and Co. were enabled to have their price-lists delivered in the city and suburbs by a private delivery firm at less than one-third of the price demanded by the department. Mr. Smibert expresses no surprise at this, but asks whether any carrying firm could deliver these' price-lists in Mildura or in northern Queensland at a cheaper rate than the Post office. It must not be overlooked that the Post-office is not allowed to charge differential rates, and that the rate of postage for a packet sent from Melbourne to South Yarra is the same as would be charged for transmitting it from Melbourne to any part of this colony or to any part of Australia. Mr. Smibert says it was by a mistake of one of the junior officers of the department that a similar price list issued by another firm was passed through the post-office at book rate and with regard to the statement that Messrs. Rocke,, Tompsitt, and Co. received from Sydney similar price-lists bearing postage at book rate, that must also have occurred through an oversight, as the postage on price lists is the same throughout Australia. Mr. Smibert took the trouble to write to the permanent head of the Sydney Post-office, and has received the following reply :-" If such printed matter has been forwarded to Victoria for one halfpenny it san oversight, and I would be glad if the cover were furnished to me." All the Australian post offices now decline to carry trade circulars or price-lists as newspapers or books, and the charge imposed is 3d. for every 2oz. . It is evident that the Trades-hall and the Anti-Chinese Association are now satisfied that the Customs department is administer- ing the Chinese Act with due severity. Some weeks ago a number of Chinese underwent the examination of the Customs department for admission to the colony in the presence of representatives of these two bodies, and it was thought that representatives would attend at all future examinations. Yesterday, however, nine Chinese who arrived by the steamer Chingtu were received without any such distinction, the Customs officers and the interpreters being the only persons present. The Chinese were all passed, being in pos- session of what were considered genuine naturalisation papers. At the meeting of the Executive Council yesterday an Order in Council was passed appointing Mr. A. C. Buck, late of H.M.S. Ringarooma, one of the Australian Auxiliary squadron, to be a sub-lieutenant in the local naval forces. For some time past there has been practi- "ally no local government at Wood's Point, owing to the borough council there having become so heavily in debt that none of the ratepayers aspired to the office of councillor. This has been felt to be a great drawback, as the Health Act cannot be properly enforced, and there is great difficulty in obtaining various licenses which municipal councils are empowered by law to issue. It has been suggested that the Borough of Wood's Point should be included in the Howqua shire, but the question of taking over the liabilities incurred by the former body has hitherto been an insurmountable obstacle in the way of the suggestion being put into effect. At the instance of the Minister of Public Works, Mr. T. Morkham, the chief clerk of the Public Works department, visited Alexandra on Friday last, where he met representatives from Wood's Point and also of the Howqua shire. After discussing the matter from various points of \devv Mr. Morkham proposed a course that is likely to be adopted, and which, if carried out, will make Wood's Point a riding of the Howqua shire. The mails which left Melbourne by the Orient steamer Orotava, on the 11th of September last, reached London on Saturday afternoon, four days before the contract time. The board which sat last week at Swan Hill and inquired into the manner in which the conditions of the leases held by Messrs. D. Buchanan, H. Creswick! A. Macredie, J. Macredie, and G. Holloway, of mallee blocks near that town had been carried out. more particularly with regard to the destruction of the rabbits, will sit at the board-room of the Lands department on Friday, morning next. Additional evidence will be taken from the officers of the Lands department as to the moneys expended by the lessees in the destruction of the vermin. A letter appeared in The Anjm of yesterday, from a correspondent signing himself ' Cain, complaining of the action of the Lands department in throwing land open for selection which was occupied under a mining license, and of the fact that when a person applied for the land he was informed that it was required for mining purposes but nevertheless his registration fee of £1 was retained by the department the secretary for Lands explains that in such cases the registration fee is returned 11 e correspondent also states in his letter that before he could make a new application for land elsewhere open for selection he would be compelled to pay another registration fee of 1 This statement is made apparently under a misapprehension, because the rule of the department is that in the event of a person applying for a selection and being as successful in obtaining it any other application which he may make during the year will be received on payment of an additional registration fee of 2s 6d, and not £1 as stated A very tastefully got up little book descriptive the'N', West Coast Sounds of New Zealand, and abounding with illustrations of the magnificent scenery to be found in that locality, has just been issued by the Union S S Company Many of the views shown are familiar both to those who have and those who have not toured among these grandly picturesque fiords and mountains. Preservation Inlet, Wet Jacket Arm (Dusky Sound), scenes in Doubtful Sound and George Sound, views of Mount Pembroke (Har- rison's Cove), and the well-known "Lion in Milford Sound are given in the order in which they would be visited by tourists on one of the company's periodical excursion trips. But in addition to these famous show spots there is on interesting series of pictures illustrative of the Sutherland Falls, discovered only a few years ago, and of the mountain track by which it is now possible to journey from the falls to Like Te Anau, one of the most beautiful of all the New Zealand lakes. The illustrations, which are of very pleasing tone, have been prepared from sketches by Mr. J!. Hawkridge and the late Mr. James Wilkie, of Dunedin, and the letterpress is supplied by Mr. Malcolm Ross, who has an ample knowledge of the country described, having himself performed some remarkable mountaineering feats in New Zealand. The chief commissioner of police has forwarded letters to Mr. W. Jennings and Mr. J. Bottomley, employes of the General Post office, thanking them for their timely assistance in enabling a constable to arrest two men who recently assaulted and robbed Mr. Joseph Inman, and who were sentenced to four years' imprisonment. With regard to the (mortality amongst the cattle which arrived from Brisbane by the ss. Federal last week, the owners of the steamer, M'Ilwraith, M'Eacharn, and Co. Limited, have received the following opinion from Mr. Josef Cohn, veterinary surgeon :-" Gentlemen. Onion day last, acting on instructions received from you, I visited the steamer Federal. I saw there certain cattle alive and a number dead. I made a post-mortem examination of two, and found death to have occurred as a result of cerebral apoplexy (brain congestion). Time and opportunity are looking to enable me to come to a definite conclusion as to the causes which were in operation to bring about the condition referred to. There was an absence of anything to guide me in any way to account for the mortality. The sanitary arrangements were satisfactory, and the ship's hold large, open,' and well ventilated, and one remarkable fact is that the greatest mortality, as I am informed by Captain M'Donald, occurred on the main deck, where the cattle were virtually in the open air. There was also no indication that rough or careless usage had contributed to the mortality. I am informed that some deaths occurred before the steamer left the Brisbane River. This would indicate that the cattle were not in a fit condition for shipment at the particular time they were placed on board the steamer. I am of opinion a few hours' rest after coming out of the trucks would have made a material difference.- I may say that specimens of blood and tissue have been submitted to an eminent microscopist for examination, whose report shows they were in normal ' con- dition." According to the returns furnished to the Board of Health, 14 cases of typhoid were reported throughout the colony for the week ending the 8th inst., and two deaths. During the corresponding week of last year six cases and no deaths were recorded. The number of cases of diphtheria during last week was 22, of which four ended fatally, while in the corresponding week of 1891 there were 40 cases and five deaths. The thirteenth annual meeting of the central committee of the Municipal Association of Victoria will be held at No. 10 room in the Town-hall, Melbourne, to-day at 11 a.m. mistress Miss r>""",""",;"""l The annual meetings of the Congregational Union and Mission of Victoria were opened yesterday evening at the Collins-street Congregational Church, when the Rev. S. Bryant preached the annual sermon to a large con- gregation. Taking as his text the first verse of the 8th chapter of Acts, "And ye shall receive power when the Holy Ghost has come upon you, and ye shall be made witnesses, the preacher pointed out that this text had been construed by the Church of Rome as an absolute delegation of spiritual authority and infallibility, to the Bishop' of Rome. Often this yearning for spiritual power led to conde and ill-considered efforts at Evangelisation but it must be remembered that mere passionate zeal for the regeneration of man- kind did not compensate for those diligent studies so necessary to the faithful minister. The old generation of pulpit orators had disappeared, and in their place had risen up a class of ministers who laboured to keep themselves fully abreast with the latest scientific advances of the day, and who had drifted so far from the old anchorage from the sea of thought that those who still remained upon the shore of rigid orthodoxy cried out with fear. But if they must adhere to the narrow margin of dogmatic belief, if they must discard us un-Christian the doctrine of evolution and the thousand new discoveries of science, then they must con- sign to eternal punishment many of the best and truest men who had ever lived. It should be the mission of the minister to keep abreast with science and to inspire new discoveries with the influence of Christian belief. At the conclusion of the sermon a largely-attended communion service was held. The curator of the estates of deceased persons has obtained rules to administer the estates of the following deceased persons, under Act No. 1,000 George Allan, Oakleigh, died 25th September, 1892, £21 17s. '6d. j Joseph Carr, Kew Lunatic Asylum, formerly of Golden-square, Bendigo,' died 15th September, 1892, £58 ; Magdaline Pauline Stobo, formerly Schneider, Armadale, died 25th June, 1888, £00 ; Jeanie Stobo, Armadale, died 4th March, 1889, £245. When addressing' the jury in the case of Henry Spencer, charged at the General Sessions with the robbery of a watch and chain valued at £45 from Edward Langley, a boarder at the Richmond Coffee Palace, on September 18, his Honour Judge Hamilton said that the failure of Detective Whitney to produce a witness whose evidence was said to be favourable to Spencer was a "down- right scandal to justice." Detective Whitney wrote a report of his conduct in the case to Superintendent Kennedy, who sent it to the chief commissioner of police, Mr. Chomley. The latter submitted it to Mr. Finlayson, who held the brief for the Crown in Spencer's case, and asked his opinion respecting it. Mr. Finlayson endorsed it lengthily, and remarked, " I stated before the trial, and am still of opinion that this case was remarkably well prepared. Sergeant Whitney, as an intelligent officer of the police, could not have acted otherwise than in the manner he did." The report thus commented upon was returned to Mr. Kennedy, with a note from the chief commissioner to the effect that Mr. Finlayson's full and satisfactory memorandum should be handed to Sergeant Whitney for perusal. An action was brought in the County Court yesterday by Sarah Bragge, a barmaid, to recover £99 damages from Mr. H. Schwartz, licensee of the La Mascotte Hotel, Swanston street, for alleged slander. Mr. F!. Smith appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. M'Arthur for the defendant. The case for the plaintiff was that she was employed by the defendant as a barmaid on the 14th July last, and about tea time on that day served two men with beer. She received 3d. each from the men and put the money in the till. Shortly afterwards the defendant, in the presence of several other persons employed in the hotel, asked her if she had served anyone with drinks, and she told him what she had done. He then said that the money was not in the till, and that there was a shilling short in some change which he had given her. He also said that he had been watching her for some time, and that site was a thief. The defence was that Mr. Schwartz did not use the words attributed to him that he told the plaintiff that the money was not in the till, and that she then asked him if he called her a thief, to which he replied, " If you say so you must be so." It was contended that the defendant had said nothing which he was not privileged to say, as he believed that the money was missing and his Honour Judge Gaunt, who heard the case, agreed with that view, and nonsuited the plaintiff, with costs for the defendant. The Melbourne General Sessions were continued yesterday before Judge Hamilton, Mr. Finlayson prosecuting for the Crown. 1 Thomas Jardine McIntyre, a letter-carrier, was convicted of stealing a post letter containing five postal notes. The prisoner was a letter-carrier in the Collingwood district, and the letter in question was sent through the post, and should have been delivered on the prisoner's round to J. F Treadway and Co. on the 23rd July last, but was not. 'Clie postal notes were afterwards cashed at Carl-, ton, the money being given to a man who signed " Earnest Gray." After the prisoner was arrested by Sergeant Lomax he was asked to write Ernest Gray, and he wrote it " Earnest Gray." He was remanded for sentence. John Alíeme was convicted on two charges of forging and uttering cheques, on which he obtained small advances of money from Mr. J. 'J'. Conran, of the Flinders Hotel, Melbourne. He also pleaded guilty to two other charges of obtaining money by means of valueless cheques, and was remanded for sentence on all the charges. Constable David W. M'Grath, of Wahgunyah, who was arrested on Saturday charged with absconding from duty without leave, appeared at the City Court yesterday, before Mr. Panton, P.M.' The case was withdrawn on the application of Mr. Chomley, chief commissioner of police, who said that the constable had explained that he had been impelled to extend the leave officially granted to learn in order that he might remain with his wife, who was dangerously ill at Footscray. M'Grath's offence will be dealt with privately under the regulations. Professor Marshall Hall gave a further lecture in the Wilson-hall at the University last evening on "The Emotional Signifi cause of the C Minor Symphony of Beethoven," continuing the analysis of the composition commenced last week. The lecturer's remarks, as before, were fully illustrated by performances on the piano of several passages in the symphony, and he pointed out how in many instances the usual interpretations of the composition were deficient. The second movement of the work, he said, embodied a feeling of love to all humanity, and the third was typical of the "Wandering Jew,", it appeared to express the feeling which the author of that book had infused into his third chapter. There was a strong similarity " between this symphony and its great successor, the Ninth Symphony. The same tragic element pervaded both; and it was nowhere more notice- able than in the third movement of the former and the second in the latter. The whole of the scherzo in the symphony under discussion might be taken to represent the grasping after something-the endeavour to obtain sympathy. The sense of loneliness had never been so wonderfully depicted in art as in this movement. The final portion of the symphony seemed to indicate victory, triumph; and joy-the marching of a hero and was easily understood. The Assembly-hall, Collins-street, was filled last night by an appreciative audience, assembled to hear a lecture, under the auspices of the Australian Health Society, by Dr. Robert Scott, on " Consumption." This proved one of the most interesting of the many lectures delivered under the auspices of this society, and Dr. Scott managed to throw much light on the symptoms of this disease and the steps which could be taken in this country to protect the lungs from affection. The Health Society, in arranging for these weekly lectures, is doing a good work, and now that the Assembly-hall has been secured as a meeting-place the attendance of the general public must be gratifying to the promoters. The report of the valuators for the city of Collingwood was received last night at the meeting of the local council. The valuation of the city was made up as follows: Barkly Ward, £05,289 ; Darling Ward, £63, 170 ; Victoria Ward, £47,527 ¡ Abbotsford Ward, £37,001 ; Loch Ward, £35,354-total, £249,807. This shows a reduction of £33,443 upon last year's valuation. The total number of assessments was 9,000. The city population is numbered at 33,073, which shows a decrease of 980. The town clerk of Fitzroy has received from the secretary of the Metropolitan Fire Brigades Board the following return of the amounts received by each member of the board for personal expenses since the 7th of April last Mr. Archer, £19 19s.; Mr. Bal leader, £45 3s.; Mr. Keele, £28 7s.; Mr. Mauger, £51 12s.; Mr. Terry, £01 17s.; Mr. Rigby, £52 10s. total to date, £202 8s. The amount set apart for the expenses of the members of the board for the current year is not to exceed £750. With regard to the late Alfred Krupp and his workmen a correspondent writes from Essen on August 28 to The- Times :-" There has been performed to-day one of the most interesting ceremonies in connection with the labour question, and one which forms a pleasant contrast to what has unhappily been the fact in other great centres of employment, where destruction and death have resulted in the conflict between employers and employed. In July, 1883, Alfred Krupp, the founder of the great steelworks at Essen, died, and, though the town erected a statute to his memory opposite the town-hall of Essen, the higher officials and the workmen resolved that that was not sufficient to mark their love and devotion to the man who had ever by his counsel and acts of benevolence been their father and friend, so subscriptions were voluntarily raised, resulting in the unveiling to-day of what is strictly the monu- ment of the workmen's esteem and affection for their late friend and employer. Dedication speeches were made by working men, and, finally Mr. F. A. Krupp, son of Alfred Krupp, acknowledged, with deep feeling, this act of his men and their leaders in the Works, and, in return, and to show his veneration for his father's memory, devoted the sum of £25,000 to erecting, on a healthy and convenient spot, a sufficient number of cottages, with gardens, for the infirm and invalided of his men and the widows of men who had died in his employ. After this there was a march past of 17,000 of the men employed at the Essen works and deputations from the other and outside establishments belonging to Mr. Krupp. The whole scene presented a spectacle of the greatest interest, and the respectful manner in which all the men doffed their caps in passing their employer, who stood to acknowledge their devotion, showed unmistakably that the men looked upon him not merely as the payer of their wages, but as their friend and as the son of him whom they were attached to and whose monument they had mainly helped to erect. The whole was a scene that might, perhaps, teach other employers that workmen can appreciate such acts of kindness as those given by the late Alfred Krupp for the benefit of his men and so generously followed by his son. Such a contrast is a tribute to humanity, and is preferable, indeed, to the labour scenes recently exhibited in America and England, and may be a lesson to other large employers of labour, indicating as it does the amity and good feeling that can exist between employer and employed." An influential representative meeting of gentlemen connected with the musical and other professions was held at Allan's music warehouse yesterday to take steps to promote a complimentary concert and testimonial to Mr Armes Beaumont, the well known and popular tenor singer The meeting was con veiled by circular by Mr L Miller Sir George Verdon who had promised to take the chair, was unable to be present but sent a letter expressive of his sympathy with the movement, and promising his hearty assistance Many other letters of a similar purport were received Mr E L Zox M.L.A., was appointed to preside He said that the occasion was one which an ordinary benefit would not meet for Mr Beaumont had occupied for so long, a very high position in the musical circles of Melbourne that his name was a household word His upright conduct and amiable character had endeared him to his friends and he had been so read) during his long career to assist in any cause of charity that it was felt that some special effort should be made Mr Miller explained that Mr Beaumont had recently) been so in fortunate as to lose the savings of his life time and had given permission that the circumstance should be made known He had honourably met all his obligations till every thing was gone Under such circumstances he knew that the sympathy of the public would be such that there would be no [ difficulty in carrying the movement to a most successful issue. Mr. Allan, Mr. W. Browne, Mr. Cohen, Mr. Perraton, and others spoke in support of the proposal. It was resolved that a concert should be given in the Town-hall on November 10, the 10th anniversary of Mr. Beaumont's entry upon the musical profession, and that a subscrip- tion should be opened in order to present Mr. Beaumont with a valuable testimonial. A strong committee was formed to carry out the objects of the meeting, Sir George Verdon being appointed chairman, Mr. Allan treasurer, and Mr. Miller secretary. It is announced that the Alexandra Theatre will be closed for the present in consequence of the serious illness of the Misses Muriel and Aga! ha Greenwood, who sustained the principal characters in the drama " Blanche," which was produced at that theatre on Saturday night. The St John Ambulance Association announces that a within,: class will commence. today, at the Methodist ladies Collect at -for lock, Miss Taylor, Creswick street, Hawthorn lion set rites A first ' aid Women t* class will commence at the Prahran town hall at half-past 3 p m next Momkn, 17th inst, Miss Parsons, Balaclava a road East St Kilda lion beere tan A ii nursing examination will be held on Monday, 24th inst, at Miss Butler's school, Sutherland road Anna dale, at 2 pm, Mrs Nimmo 43 Denbigh street hon secretary Inc. induction of the Rev. T H Stretch to St, Andrew s Brighton, is advertised to take place on Thursday even- i mr A meeting of the council of the Australasian Institute, of Journalists was held at the Cathedral Hotel last evenings Mr H Short (wee president) in the chair Miss A alle (Melbourne) and M tun) Oscar Balfe and Mr C K Giles (Launceston) were elected members, and Mr I Humphries (Melbourne) an associate of the institute It was decided that the annual meeting of the institute should be held in the Cathedral Hotel on November 6, said that a musicalt\enlntr should be held the following week to celebrate the first annual , identity of! the institute last require a special call of the board of the Young Men s Christian Association was made to con- sider and deal with the present straitened condition of the associations finances Notwithstanding the marked mere use in some branches of its work, the general shrinkage of income from nine anticipated Sources Is matched affecting its Usefulness A sum of about fifteen hundred pounds until the required due to; the, connoisseur to maintain the association, and a close and n< tut tear-gas by its chief executive officer, aided by the board, was unanimously resulted upon On Friday last Mr S H Is Capeîam_C r , who recently retired from the position of engineer of the Board of Health had he; attained the age of 16 years, was presented with a¡,0hl watch suitably inscribed, by the chairman of the boat at (Mr C A Topp) on behalf of the subscribers who consisted of members of the board and of the now defunct central board of health, and also the employes of the Health donor t me am I a BL craning at the Port Phillip Club Hotel the employes of Messrs. Robert Reid and Co. met in great force to make Mr Robert Reid, the,, a. h and some present OH a token of regard from, all the Melbourne employes prior to his approaching nuptials and early departure for Europe. The chairman, Mr. Tracy Knight, in a humorous and pointed speech, proposed the health of the guest, and referred to the good fellowship that existed between the firm and-the employes. Mr. Robert Reid, june feelingly replied, expressing the hope that the same cordiality would continue in the future as in the past, and t lian king them most' sincerely for their good wishes and substantial token of their respect.. In replying to the toast of his health, which was proposed by the chairman, Mr. Robert Reid, MLA., the senior partner of the firm, referred in eulogistic terms to his son, and spoke with confidence of the future prosperity of Victoria. A' pleasant gathering was brought to a conclusion by Mr. Wright proposing the health of the chairman,? which was suitably responded to { The first Sunday Concert of Sacred Music was held j by permission of the Prahran City Council in the Prahran Town shall on Sunday evening last. , it being a rainy evening there was only a moderate attendance of about 150 persons. The programme, which had previously been examined by the town clerk, j consisted of a selection of sacred music by various composers, and gave entire satisfaction to the audience, who behaved in a most decorous manner, no attempt at applause being made. The selections consisted of trios, songs, recitations, violin, comet, and flute solos by well-known performers, Mrs. George Tut ton being the accompanist. No tickets were hold, but a contribution of one shilling was solicited at the door. The sum thus collected would, however, barely be sufficient to pay the charge for the ball, which was £5 5s. It is contemplated to give a series of sacred Sunday. concerts in the same hall, huts requisition has been presented to the mayor (Councillor G. L. ' seemed) to call a public meeting of the ratepayers to discuss the advisability of continuing the series. The meeting will be held on Thursday, 13th October, at the Prahran Town-hall. The committee of the Governesses' Institute and Melbourne Home report as follows for the month of September :-ïmimtes-Governesses, S ; servants, 10 ; daily average, 14, Staff included. The monthly meeting of the committee of the Convalescent Home for Women took place on Tuesday. There were present Lady Sargood (president), Mesdames Pennington, Wood, Hum, Grimwade, Hooper, James Ryan, Curtain, Crouch, Oliver, Rust, Purbrick, and Tulloch. Seven types A patients had passed through the home, the cost of maintenance twine: £61 loss. The committee of the Prahran, South Yarra, and Toorak ladies' Benevolent Society report having relieved 149 cases weekly during the fortnight ending October 6 The cases numbered 120 adults and 12 children The adults comprised TJ widows, 18 deserted wives, 0 married couples, 12 aged and single individuals. The expenditure for the fortnight was £34 10s per Assistance in clothing may be sent to Anerly, Jackson street, Toorak, or Erehwon, 210 Punt-road, Prahran, and in money to the hon treasurer. Clarendon street, East Melbourne, or hon sec , Cawdor, Armadale street, Armadale de The number of cases relieved weekly by the committee of the Melbourne ladies Benevolent Society for the fortnight ending October 4 was -Cases, 1915 (numbering 2,831 Individuals), com prising-M dows, 48th, sick and infirm, 155, deserted wives, 62; wives whose husbands are in prison, li, wives whose husbands are absent, and wives whose husbands are partially employed, 15 do unemployed, 184 , aged couples, 93, single men 2, miscellaneous, 11 The outlay during the fortnight in relief of cases was 224 0s 4d Contributions are thankfully received and information given by the hon treasurer, Mrs Jamieson, JC Collins street, by the secretary, 201 George street, East Melbourne, or by the collector, Mr John M Callum Roseville terrace, Roseneath street, Clifton Udl Messrs Beauchamp kindly receive parcels of clothing, etc, at their office, 32 Collins street, for the society 