SNAP SHOTS. [BY MARKSMAW.] \Ve often hear of masters and employ er^ of labour asserting that their work men are better off than they are them selves. There is some truth in this state ment, anyhow, and here is a case in point. Bishop Summarez Smith has an income of /4000 a year-and HIS Master has not where to lay his head. ." Whose is that new house there ?' asked an occupant of the 6.30 train of another, as the bulgine steamed into Richmond one night last week. " What that idne we're parson-oh, that's the Presbyterian man's (Manse)" was the te- j ply-and the jokist looked thoroughly disgusted because his friend, not fathom injg the mystery, didn't laugh. The sweetest song sung at a social not 100 miles from Richmond, was rendered thus: Oh ! stee wit mee, moy darling stee, And loike a dr-c-e-e-e-m moi loii shall pass awee. Oh ! ste-e-e wit ra-e-e-e moy darling stee, And )oike a d-r-e-eham, moy loihif shall pa-a-hass awee, Shall, pass, shall p-a-a-hass a-w-a-hoi. A good yarti is told of a layman who was preaching in a township somewhere in the Northern district. His text was upon the sinning of Ananias and Sapphira. In an eloquent address he went on to fix " the two Perjurers into modern life, and showed how typical they were ot the present day." " And friends," said he, flattening his hand vehemently on the Holy Book, (<how good the Lord has been to us all,-for in this large district what a number of Ananias and Sapphiras there are amongst us he could have punished." A fact. Look on this picture:-"Jay Gould's will has been proved; probate duty has been paid on £ 14,000,000. The American papers are jubilant at his death." Then on thi6:-" Samuel McCauley, a 'bus proprietor, was buried in Sydney on Tuesday. Along the line of the route of the funeral, numbers of aged and poor persons paid their last tribute of respect t© the remains of him who had at all times helped them in their trouble and distress." Who would not sooner die like that bus-driver, after having done something in life to earn the grateful tears and the regret of the poor, than like the greedy, avaricious, dishonored millionaire whose gold was the solidified sweat of thousands of oppressed men, women, and children; who never did one action which might be counted good; and who lies now in his shallow six-by-two bed, " unloved, unhonored and unsung." The way the Railways are worked. Some little time ago several charges were were made in the working of the Rich mond line; officers were moved away and new men were sent along to take their places:-all at a considerable ex pense and to save a few shillings a week; one of the new men refused to do certain work which his predecessor had done, as it was not " in his class" (whatever that might rtiean). At any rate another shuf fling of 4atd£'took place, and the whole of the men were again moved back to their original posts. Meanwhile, we don't mot ice any attempts being made to shift sotne of the fat billet-holders. The Cominft&ibnets; and their "ghosts" can shift si*r<bQb-a-4ay men and knock six pence off a navvy's screw, but.they can't dock the well-paid parasite-because they aitft built that way. Another Dibbs deficit-this time one of £1,1£2,722... The countryia going to the dogs, owing to the extravagance and stupi dity of its alleged legislators. The present Government-a Government of promises went into power for the purpose of saving the colony-and ail that it appears to have done is to involve it in another million defi cit, find openings and make billets for all its poor relations and the relatives of its supporters, imprisob the Broken Hill strikers, sell lirnd indiscriminately, pay £1000 Mo have a tin^tail put on the Premier, and exist on- «u£fcance % the votes of a half-dozen "Tats" on the, freetrade side of the House. And the poor taxpayers have to 8ufiep the lot, whilst a crowd of extravagant Ministers can go .guzzling round the coun try at the public expense, posing as its saviours; and whilst the judges and the ojkfrqr. holders, ojt fafcrhilleb, and the pen Biopera 'of the Mon|y jAvnpld type, live on 