TIIE Bt APK LADY OF DARMSTADT. AN HISTORICAL GHOST. 'W'HE Courts of Germany and Austria w boast of a host of legendary lady s|-ectrcs who, when woe is to befall the princely house in question, make their appearance at . the hour of midnigAt, before some sentinel or officer on diity, their auiiearance striking terror and dismav among the inmates of the palace, and perhaps ha-tening the death of the princely sufferer. We have, in the first iiistance, the 'White Ladv of the old Palace at Berlin, who wns said to have made lier last appear ance on the eve of the late Emperor Ft- 'e-- - rick's death ; and her namesake, ol the Vienna hofburg, who, believers aver, haunted the palace during several nights at the very time when the ?' Missing Archduke' may iiave perished. But a number of minor Gil-man schio.-se — not. to mention the palaccs at Prague and htida- Pestli— also boast a traditional lady spectre, either black or white, and in one or two instance.- red ; as, for instance, the ' Nymphenburg-Frau' at the palace of Munich, the discarded mis tress ol Karl Theodore, Elector of Bavaria, and muideiess of her own child ; and the so-called ' Black Lady ' of the Court of Darmstadt. The ' Black Lady of Darmstadt' was a lawfully born Princess, aud the wedded con sort of a reigning Prince, being Princess Marianne, the wife of the Grand DukeFerdi nand Maria. She always, we are told, appears in deep mourning, and is reputed to bespeak woe to tho gtaud ducal house of Hesse in particular, but also to the allied Royal one of Bavaria. A. young und daring officer of the grena diers once prayed the Grund Duke Ludwig I. to be permitted to stand sentry at the Court Chapel. 'If it be no true ghost,' he remarked, ?' I will cure the individual of the desire to haunt.' The prayer was granted, with the request that, if the spectre refused to stand when challenged, the officer was to tire upon it. The Grand Duke himself and some courtiers in due course repaired to the vestry of the chapel, whence a vieir could be obtained of the courtyard, and the path which the ghostly object was said to take. The weird hour of midnight approached. Presently the chapel bell struck the hour, and hardly had the last chime died away before a loud ' Halt !' rung out upon tho still night, followed instantly by the report of a gun. The Grand Duke aud his attendants hurried from their hiding place in the courtyard, where they found the bold soldier stiff and dead. He hud uot a single outward sign of injury, but the barrel of the gun by his side was rent from the stock, nnd the former twisted like a corkscrew. Singular to relate, within three days I.udwig 1. himself layacorpsc in the Ducal Hull About the year 1S30 Queen Therese o! Bavaria died most suddenly, nnd even in the highest circles mention was shudder ingly made of the spectre that made its appearance just before her death. King Ludwig, her consort, was spending the summer in the company of Queen Therese, at his castle of Archaffen berg, whither also their Majesties' sonin law, Grand Duke Ludwig 111., of Hesse Darmstadt, had been invited, when one evening at dusk, just as the princely company were taking tea in the gayest of spirits, there suddenly appeared— so those present aver — behind the chair of the Queen a lady in deep mourning, who, having fixed her alassy eyes upon her majesty, retired through tlieante-chamber. The Grand Dulct immediately hastened after the mysterious visitor, and in au uugry voice demanded of the officer 011 duty by the door how lie dared to permit strangers to enter unannouueed and at that hour. The latter declared that no living human being had entcied, either tho unte-chamber or the royal saloon. Horror stricken, the Duke returned to the company, when he was com pelled, much aigainst liis wish, to rclute tlia ftory.^ Having heard^it, Queeu Therese lose ' That is intended for me!' The royal piirty returned shortly after to tho capital, where the cholera hud raged during the summer, but had then disappeared. In a few days the unhappy Queen fell a victim to the terrible scourge. j Again, in tho early days of March, 1864, the ' Hluck Ludy ' figured in a mysterious occurrence at the palace of Darmstadt, i which, through subsequent event', created an immense sensation in Germany. The Life Guards officer 011 duty had, at the hour of midnight, commenced his nightly round of inspection of the sentries, when suddenly, in one of the corridors, he beheld a lady dressed in black coining from the apartments occupied by Countess Fuger, a lady of the court. He saw her distinctly go past the grand staircase, nt night the only exit to the chapel courtyard. Believing that she was makinga mistake, the officercalled toher that she could only get- out tliut way to reach her carriage. But without puying the slightest heed the lady continued her way toward the chapel stairs. Quickly the officer hastened after her, but she disappeared in the gloom. Then, in the belief that it might be someoue with felonious intent, he shouted to the sentry 011 guard at the bottom of the stairs, ' Arrest her !' — himself descending quickly. But there was nobody, and tho man emphatically declared that no one bad passed him. Two duys lator the news spread like 'wildfire throughout Germany tiuit King .Maximilian II. of Bavaria had suddenly been taken dangerously ill. He lind returned in excellent health from hit usual ride, and was just dressing for dinner when he was seized with cramp. And in a few hours I10 was dead. HOW GOLD WAS DISCOVERED IN AUSTRALIA. . No one suspected that Australia was rich in gold until after the piecious metal had been found in California. Among the thousands who flocked to the Pacific coast from all parts of the world in search of' fortune aud adventure was Edward Har graves. His home was in the district of Conobolas, about thirty miles west of Buthiir.st, Australia. He hud only moderate success iu California and determined to return home. In the course of his mining operations he had noticed a strong similarity between the rock furmatjoiis of the gold districts west of the Rocky Mountains and those of the neighbourhood in which he had been brought up. It occurred to him that the precious mctnl might be found in Australia, and as soon as lie reached home he began a careful investigation of the soil in the vicinity of Conobolas. The experience he had gained in California proved of great value to hint, and after digging fur a month or two he discovered d quantity of gold. This was in 1851. The Colonial Govern ment gave liim a reward and mado him Commissioner to the Crown lands. When tlio news of his good fortune became generally known the wholo of New South Wales was iu a foiment of excitement. Everybody sought for gold. The fever spiead to other provinces and gold was dis covered in many localities. A native in the service. 'of Dr. Iterr of Wallawa while tend ing sheep found a mass of solid gold in a heap ofquaitz. Three blocks of quartz taken from a creek fifty miles north of , Batliurst contained i.'-t, 000 worth of .gold. ^ ; Among tlie big lump- of puro gold: found' ? wero tho ' ViVturia nugget,'- weighing 340 , ounces, and the ' Welcome iiugget,' weigh* 'ing 'JO? ounce*. Another solid piece , of viigin gold weighed I iJfi pounds. The almuticnco of t.hij metal may lie realised When il. :s .-aiil that in , November. lSytl, the ship- Jaiiies H»ine- .aiid i.ighlu'iiijr' atom brought 7' Kiigtaml from Mclbourn- 1' I, itilO v. 01th. ' It it. wasn't for whiskey,', remarked ti l C3 !(, ' I would uot be !i;te in the jug.' 