A' BIRD OE PASSAGE, BY B. M. CHOKER. CHAPTEB VII. ME. QUENTIN'O PIANO. ' I have assailed her with music, but she vouch safes no notice.' Cymbeline. (Continued.) Mi8S Caggett woo firmly peg-olvod to panish hov recreant loves, nnd! to harablo him in tfho oyea of his new Dalcineo ; so oho smiled, ond showed &11 her teeth, aod pcfc bos.1 bead on one side, and tried to look ployfnl, and aoid : — 1 Mr. Qaontin, yon are a naughty man I What will M-. Boinoo 007 when he henra you have sent hio new Colloid and CoIIgjjcI towelling about the ooJtlomeatP' Mr. Boiaea was fcho gentlemoa ffos Njhoiaa Mi?. Qnentin wqs acting. ' He say ??5' eolotmago ' What io It to Mm P' ' Only bio property/ laughing refclaes boiofcesv onsly. Holen folt oKfeemely uncogBfocfablo. Tiaos?o woo qb ondoEoaeEoafe of hootility in Mioo {jog gett'o longb, fchat now stpnok hot? Sou the Spot time. Mf. Qaootio woo not cosily oowocl,, nod aovpc had Qny hooitotion aboefc telling v/laofc HqeIx Twain oollo o ' ots?etohei?9' oat! oaawajfecl qaito promptly: — ' I bought ife ffom Bomes ; he woo havd up. So. f on a?© sot og wise do you imagined, Misa Gasgett/ Miss Coggott did not believe q wosd o£ this. Men who come to ' not' for ois EBonthOj and have the race o£ d faraiohed honae, as a mattes' of eotmis, Q!?o not likely £0 paFefooae the piano — especially when they eon°t play. Bnfc what was the aoe 0? ppenMng oat hoi? laind P Eor once oha woo peadent, and held hot peace ; laow-. ovep, Gho cas£ a glonoe at Me. Quentin that said volume?, and presently oh© got up and west ©way ; and, when she had depended, M?« Qaon tin exclaimed. :~ ' How I wish that odioua yoHog woeioh— 01? middle-aged woman— wonld aofc favout no with so maeh of hop society ; hee pi?©ooaeQ boo a most irritating eficeot; on my nosves/ ' I thonghf; yora and oho wqsg graofc Mends,,' said Helen calmly. 51 am oure gfoe told sae that, at one Him©, you wero with thorn evspy day, aad dined, ond booted, oad Gang draofca with hei?.B SI oappose I waa thsee limea Io Gaols house — I don't freow wlsot she will oay Best I Hqwqvoi?/ an&uras; to turn to Quothes? oubjeo6f 'do not let as waste ous time, 01? !?ctheE my pi'seioua time oves? hes?Oj oa ouch an inoignifioant snbjeot. Will f ou tpv ovoE the Qccompanimaat of the Won deree P' Mj1. QuQBtin found hissaoelic oo sauch out o£ pfoeftico that he went GCfoao to Eoo9 fos? an hoor'o voonl oKeFciso obocifc Hous? timeo a weok. Latterly Mt?. Lislo had listonod with a gleam ole mooke^y in hio eye, as bw companion madja es= eueeo for theae fgeqaent visitp, and oqq day Me. Quentin up cod opoke boldly -.~ 'Yon oeo sight to laugh ot my talk about books and music and new oongs, whee I any that they geo the epuanda that take mo 070? so often— of oowqo, it'o the gid heuoelS;' #Oh8 o2 GouFoe/ DQPcaotically. * I Soil yora what it w- Liolo— I'eq roally sesiorao thio time ; aod tho queos1 past o£ it isj that it'o to eool ai?o and ohaep litfclo Dpeechso that hQ70 od?i?!OcI tao citadel.' * What eitadol P' BDioiog Mo qj/od, oad coaFoh iog tho othoF°s foee. ' My BGOfft, to be ama V 'Pooh ! youv heafffc ! Why that Ssao boos token as often oo ftfaei'e ape dayo in the yeop.' 'Moffely a tesnpos'as'y oecupation, my deaiJ QiF5 but thio time it'a a complete Qupeondog. Ton my word, i2 Qhe had any EQoney, I'd morsy beg to-moeeow !' In dbqwoii1 to thio HQmotk, Mp. Liole blew a cloud o£ ossaoke into the dip, and calmly ejacu lated the wo?d,~ ?Booh !' ' I nevoi? kiaew oeefo a fellov/ as you of©,' oeied Apollo indignantly. 'You havo qo appffeoiation of GGntimenfi ; you a?e ao Sough and motteroF ffaot do an old boot ! All you core fop are souKb field opoeto, each aa o long day'o ohooting, hunt ing, o? iohing, and then to come home to your dinnop, and oleap like 0 dog.' ' I only wiah I oould deep like 0 dog,' pojoined the othsff with a laugh, ' What with fcho gun end bufiioPj and thooo oonitoundod poaoookp, the]?© io no oaoh thing ao getting a wink of oloep after fouu o'clock.' 'Now, continued Mr. Qnontio queralouoly, 'I hate youf otyle oi? life. You don't ca?e what elotheo you wodp, yoa tramp the buob nnd ove? hill and dole with a gan on yoae shoulderi on the oS chance o£ a wild pig, op a paltry brace of snipe ! Of you gnU by the hour in a boat, fish ing foe ohafka and ov70?d-fish. Now give me ia jiteQd—— ' 'Ybo, I know exactly what I'm to give you instead j the gofiaing charao o£ ladioo' aaoiety, ?ooal dnoio and aftofnooo tea. Va?, foe p.oo flBnto?(, io it aofc, to oit io a cool, shady vojandoh, whiopoEing coU thingu to a profcty gi I—I boliovo jou oaid ofeo woo pretty— fchon to be out in a Ijoat blis'ering in tbo oun, or tramping tho woodo, gun on ohouideF, with a good ovorego cbaaco of being wiDgod oneaolf by en Andamanese arrow P But lot me toll you, Jam&o; Qaontio, that, yonr amaoom'ent ia in ?oolity 6bo move doBgotouo of the two, aad), ilc Dr, Parka io to bo believed, you have olready bui-nfc you? finp,o?o badly.' 6 Hong Df. Pt3?ko ! I don't wont to heav about him, of any obo olao, oxcopt Holoa Donio.* 1 Helen Douio ! And dooo obe not wish to heoi1 about onyoBO bac Jomoo Qaontin P1 Mr. (^aoutiQ omilod 0 o'opaphie smile £hat in Merged much j hio eorapanion woo oo^ oafpsieod. Quentin wao exactly Sho sort a£ follow to plooao a young lody'o foacy ; Datui'aliy bo would aoom to her the very boon idool of a hoi'o, with bio low voico, heavonly blus oyea, and hnndaonse face; bnt thoa ohe woo not c.?7ofo that ho did not otaadi tho Soot o£ elooo iiatimaoy. Sho had nevos1 booed Mm eucolng his chokea oe his osc ditoua— obo Qovoij dgw feiioa ao caggod naoiral deohabillo ! s Oi oou?ao she dooo not know tha& thin io by no moons your fifot toadoE effort at gallon^y P — However that is of no Hjomoat, Mioo Ouggotf; will undecoivo hap,' tranquilly somaffkod liio oom panioa. ' Whot a beootly ironical follow you ace, Lisle ! Fifofc you take up old Pos?kut and thon L;zzie Cnggett I wish oho wofo in a sock at tho bouom o£ Eoso hesboaj1 !' blustered Mr. Q'ueDtin. ' BeoauQO she Fopyesants a kiod oi conscience in hes? own person P Toks caro that Mios Denis dooo not do the same oome day.' ' No feop,' otontly. ? Sho is now o moso child in many woyo, full of delight wifch ovetfythiog about Hot;, and with bo moeo idoa of flicfting than——' pauoing. G 1 have,' sugri'oQted the HstoooL', innocontlyo 'I would be aoETf? to nemo hei? in 4he aama bteath with you ; nnd that Eomindo mo, that mose than one©. oho has osked mo quo&tioas; about Ms. Lislo/ 5 Oh, of course, they all do that !' c Sho hos boas'd o£ you.' 'Ffoqs my good, Mad ifoiond, Mra. Cfeevy, I'll bet a fi^op, and I'll bo£ another that oho hao pointed so ao black aa an AndamoQeG©,— and the dovil himsoK oorald not bo blockop.' 'Well, come oves; mth. me to- moprowand let Mioo D. see that you aue not ao bad aa you aso painted/ 8 What would bo the ueeP If siao io all you aay, I might fall in love wills hei'alco !' and thnfc would be s very uncomfoitable state of aSaivo.' Mp. Qaontin looked at him for a 88oond with a cool ataso, and thon bu?ofc out laughing. ' Well, upofl my wo'id ! yoa opo tho qaooFoofc follow I ovop EHsfcj and thatpt3 poyiag a gcodl deal ; you can nevou be in ea?neot foi? fi-o minutes. Now lock he?e, I want to talk to you oejiouoly about say money offoirs. — You sea say governor is an old man, and when he ia laid in the family vault I'll have a decent little competence, bat until then I cannot keep myoelir, much leso a ryife. I'm certain he won't give me a half penny mo?e allowance tfran I have aleeady. I've an uncofltpolk-blo kaack of spending coin, and FcnniaK into- do bt; bat with the family acres, I think I might manage to ?ub along peetty well.' 4 So you might/ agiresd the liotenep. ' But then tho govecnoi' may live till he ia a Irandsod.' 1 So b© may/ ogaia admitted the othoe geatlo^ ffijan. 4 Eoc' goodness' sake, Liole, doa'fisit thepowi h youE1 eyes half shut, driving mo mod with yons1 5 ao you might' ond J do he may/ Make a cug° geotiou/ ' My dooi? oiF, I cannot think of any to offep. If you were an Eartlj Indioo, you would be all ?i/»ht ; you know they tie op thoie aged ao bait fop wild boasto. Being a mesa Englishman-— =-»' Ms5. Liole neve? finiohed what he wob about to aay ; for hio companion Qprang to hio feet, toweL'ed above hies, glared at him for a oeoond, opened his mouth and endeavoured to opeak,— but failed ; and then flung out of the apartment ia d teseible posaion. CHAPTER VIIL 'i WAS HIS DEAEEST LIZZIE !' ' Alaa ! for j leBsure on the sea, And sorrov/ on the shore/' Hood. M*s. Homo's ontoEfeaiQiaooto to hop fpieada geneFally took the form of a picnic os gipsy 4eo, pn^tly, we ouopecfc, beeouge tLese outinga weee in great favour with Tom and Billy, and portly becoouo che hod a knack of making tbeao 'camp affoirs/ ao Mvq. Cfeefy eontemptuouQly dubbed them, go oE to every one's satisfaction. She had sow issued invitations fos a teo at North Boy8 where hep guesto weL'e to ramble about, ond stroll on the beach, 0? botanize in the jungle; and t£70 large boats loft the pier carrying the coaupemy, which comprised the boot, hosfcesp, and family, Ool. and Miso Denis, Mies Oaggett, Mr. Latimsr, Dp. Pupko, Dp. Mclone, tho GgQhamo from Chatham, and tho Gfeono f^om Yiper, Mp. Qaentin did not patronise these Fustic ?eunions, nd he was rathee annoyed to find that the Deaiass were bont on going, and lecnfe ovop tho pier gs fchoy were rowed away, looking unutter able reproaches at Helen— looks not loot on Miss Coggett, who was sitting beside hor. It was an opprocioive afternoon : eva« at four o'clock the oky was molten a ad the seo like oil, and Ma1. Qaen∈ shouted a£ter the pleooure paffty,— c I worIcI oofi Ibo a bifi GUfpsioed if yon people \7qvq ia icoffQ ofcoi'sa crmm-i back— bottee saot otoy lo«o.' ' St-ovnj ! what nousanso ! Why, tho water io like fjlnos !' exclaimed Win. Home. ' Ho merely o&yo; that because ho is not coming himoeK— though I asked hiea, aad told him ho raight b;ing M.v. L;slo, £or I i'eoily do nofc 000 why ho cboald bo debarred {from overything.'1 _' If ho is dobarpod, it's his own fault/ re joined Liasio OagEoit, ocoopting tho ehalloage in tho absoooo of Mrs. Cheery io the other boot. s If ho woeld only bo opoa abont himsslf, no on© woal-3 mlar2 hio povorfcy/ Mrs. Hosao lookod sweetly inci'oduloas, and Miaa CQggotfc oontinuod,™ 'At any Eafco too chances ore that he would not come if he was coked. I don't snppooe lie has ony decent clotbco, and he io more in his element in tho buoh, 01? oat in that white boot of Me- Qaontin'o, sailing dibodk tho islands ; ho half livGD on the water, but/ with a peculiar lougb, 8 there is ao fear of his being dfowaed !' c Miss Lizzie was snoroileas io this mysterious pauper, o&iefly; booauoe she hod an idea that he had talkod h:o host out of certain matvimonial doaigao that woco vei?y neur fco her heart. Jim QaenSin's visits hai been leao feequoat, evor since ho had given lodging to thio odious ad venfcuirGE ! Now Mjs, Home considered Ms1. L's1© iaoffoa Give and gentlemnnly-lookiag, and quite eatitlod fio Iioop his aSoirs to himself if lie choso, and oho took up the cudgels afc oneo, an3 the avgoment was wasing hot, whoa, luckily, posbo ono coni' laencod to oing, and politeness enforcer] silence. It was a long row to North Bay, folly eight miles, oad it xiaa pcai five o'clock when the party landed, and began to walk about and ntpetoh thai? pother cramped legs, and 4o stroll olong the beach r.Ifch cavolesq oyo to shells. But fchis~wos nofc a bona-fido shelling trip. Presently, in answer to a whistle, with various degrees of alacriy they flrckod pound Mrs. Home's well opread table-cloth, which was laid on tlio moss andoE1 a big Peduk tree, and in a posilloa that commondod a fino view o£ the opQQ sea. Here every one ate and dsaak, av.& was saorry ; and afterwards they sang songs and gavo middles and esclaaged otorieo, well-known or otherwise, and then by degrees they scattered onee move, and went up into the woods close by, in couples or ia small parties, and commenced (the ladies espeoi» ally) to tea? down orohido that would bo price less in grey-skied England ; to fill their hondo and fchsir baskets with enormous bunches of Eacharis lilioo that carpeted the jungle. Hflea wqq somewhci; Qurpsioed to find herself alone with L:zzio Oaggott, but this woo a mere poooiDg ( thought, hev whole attention was given to the flo^eM ? s^io folfc quite bewildered among sack an ombarpaa do richesse, and she panssd every now and then to exclaim, ond to gather band fuls. She waa also in ecstasies at the love biffdoj honey-suckers, blue-joyo, and goldeo orioles that flow ' with & shockiag tamensss ' qceosq theis? pofch. Mioa Oaggott was acouDtomed to thoae oigfe's; he? oHithaoiaaDa— if oho had any — she kept bofctloo. op Fop the benefit o£ a saale companion, and did 'uofc trouble hoffaolS to Pcopond to Holon'o-papfcurop; sbo bad dogged her, and purposely kept off Df. Malone, and QiDgled her out os hoi? own opocio! aseociotp, ia order that oho, as she eoid to heraelf, ' might have it out with hee hese in the jungle/ where she could be as shrill as ohe pleased — yea, as one of 6ho island poacocko! where she could give seins to heE wrath, and no one but hee uo suQpioious i?ivai would be any the wiser I Now on Eoss the very walls had ears. The two girls wandered aloog, oqq empty handed, the otbej; ladon with opoils, till thoy came to an openiag in the forest, whor© there woo a very beautiful shallow pool, apparently 0 spring. It wao on unuoual sight, and Lissio halted, and lookod down into it, and beheld tho reflection oil laor owe figure, and of her, at pre sent, very cross, discontented lifctle £qcg qs oeea in 0 gnirrof sot io, a' lovely fromo of feeas, and mossy etoneB, and geaceful grasooeh As oho pondeeed over her own appsavonoe, aad felt an agonizing thtill, at the patent fact tboft oho was now beginning to look old ! d bsigafc ycung face came into viow ovoi' hei' QhouldoE—a bright young face that eho hated horn tho bot tom of hoe hoaEt ! No wonder ohe wao d prey to envy, as she gazed at Helen'o reflection ; neves? had oho looked bottos than in that soft gown, with 0 wreath of: Euohasis lilies twined round h&s; sailor hat. Lizzie stared, ond noted every item of that psofcty vision, and felt 0 conviction of hep own poweriessneso to crush the boirible fcEafch, that ono of thoao two 2aooo wao lovely., and omiling, and young, ond that th© other was pinched, ill-tempered, and passe©— and that other her orcn! Hot' day was on the wane, the oummor of hes? life — oht that it would come again! she would sell heE soul to Eeoall it! -wao gone. And in Helen Denis's case, she had oil hor goldoH yootfe before hop. Thee© bitter thoughts were too sauch for hoe oslf contEol, hor face wopkod convQloivoly, the oosnoco of Else moaftla wossfc &ou;&0 aad oil o2- q sadden obo basst into toaso! Holoa uaa dis mayed ; oho lod to goEntly to q ffolloa log o£ ebony, and isBploeod hop io toll feog i£ olho wag ill, or whot was the motto P Tho teasfs woeo but 0 DUiHEJOB shouGE1, Dad quickly spo&fc;, ond Miop Gaggott ooebo to feoEDol£fl dried hoe eyoo, ond ooid that it woo saosely o olighS noBvoHo aoizuifo» ftlso cooulfc o£ 0 eookiog headocho, and mmnt nofeiagp 5 Bafc/ oho oddod, ' I'm tired, and wo suoy as well soot feepo awhile, thero io no hBEt'y/ 8 Yovy V7oll/ DRiood Holoa9 ' 1 uaa§ to oottlo Sheoe flowero, they oeo iu a moot droadfal o'ato/ psoeoediog to ori'OQgG fees? Hsaoh-oE'Owded bosket. * Then, whilot you orroage yoas flowors, doop, I will tell you a otosy/ooid Liszioi sow oom|-l0tely composed., ' Oh., do ! how flico o2 you ! I like stories, ond {his '—looking round— 6is tho very plooo Soeoqo. A ghost obot'y P' 1 Bat mino is going to bo a love tole/ aaid Misq Ooggett briefly. 'I don't cars £oe thoea S3 saueh/ rajoiaed Holeo, r osGiog oat orehidD as oho opoho- * How= ovep, on j tbin^ you like.' _ 'Oflee upon a time there was 0 girl, oad obo lived in the East Indioo with hes? mother 1 foes name wau Lizzie Ooggott/ ah© comsaencod. Holon, who was kneeling at the log, osiag it as a table £oe? he? flowG?s, looked up 00 if ohe did not boliovo hoe ooiu f Hqe aaffiEe, on I toll you, v/oo Uzz'q Ooggett. She was aofc 0 groat iseaujfcy liko soff.O people, but, oho was not bod looMag. A yoan^ aiDn eamo to Poet Blase, paid Iioe maplsed ofeftoE' tions foil in lovo with hos, and oho with him ; ha gave hor songs ond preoonils, wsoto hoi?IaoQpo cO letters, be told aei? that he oould aotlive without, hor. His name was Jamoa Queotia !' Sho paused, ond Holen got np slowly in?0ES2 hei? knees and stood !q feoot o2 hos— Siqe EseoEfe was beatiug rathee fiosfe, and hss colorae woo ooia&iderably; brighter than usual. 8A gM ar rived at Port Blais named Molon DoBio, and h©B man-lihos paid hoc atteatioa at fieofc bocauso dIjq wod now— he half lives at hos? Siouqo, he io alwoya Gt he:? oidoj and ' (vicioaoly) ? ho hao mads Ssoj? tho talk of tho whole place. He/ alao eiaiag oad ouddenly dropping tho nareativs 2o?m iros plainoE opocking, 'io 0 hypqorite, fee told you 0 Ho abi ufc that piano ! — it boloago to Me. Baines — he bos pE?otonded to yoa that he osarcely knew me. .Scarcely eves? woo out ©5 ouj? bouoop is qooeoe tho troth! Ooo thinq ho oon'fc deQys ond that io Ihio ov7B bGnd»V7ri6inpf0 Look hes?©/ dragging out 0 thick poobefc o£ lottops .tied with bluo ffibbos, syos cua coad thoas iS yoa liko. Yora uoa'fc !' an oqqwod to q ocotoM gootuEO. ° TlaGEi thej?o/ fcocaiag ffiossi violently on tho ground, whoifo fchoy foil with a hoovy tfead9 and, tho {ribbon comiog tjadoaop Soy ooattoed about liko 0 paolxof coi'ds. Mioo Oaggett oSteff thio outbraak poacod, ani folded hes arias aMmbo, hmt Ijoe 03700 woeo gleaming, ond hoe lips working convoloivoly. Holen wqs fehsadoratruck. DTovos; hod it dawaed upon hoE Sill aowp that she had come and ooen, and eon^tjoead thio (carious lady's Icvas?; tho auMoa onnounoament gave her a ohoolt ond ?oe oome Goooado she was opoechlops. * ThoEQ,' pi'oooodod Mioo Oaggot^ pointing to 0 lottoi? at heE feot, ' throe months ogo I wao bis doosoofe LisaiOt ond saow yoE mo iaia doafQofc Helen/ and oho laughed liko o hyono. 0 You aro altogether mistaken, ond quUo wi'oag/ OEiod fees eomposiion, opoakinq at loot ; 'I am nofihing to kioa but an ordinary ac quaintance, and I don't think yora obould ?©?- peat these towible thingo abotsS him to me. You con'fc case veffy much £oe bios, o? yora would not say 6!aDt ho ia o hypoosito ond doeo not speak the truth, Ag to hio making ms tho talk of tho place, I am quite distressed! to hecE that Forfc Blair is 00 hard up Vaz a topic/ Helen woo vosy ongry, and Siee §oco woo an open bcok, in which ovory emotioE thofc owayed her wao oloquently osprooaed. Mp. Quontim wqd utfceuly indi5oi?ont to hot1, ond thio foot gave beE a eoaoidotfoblo advanfcago ovol1 Miss Oaggett. Besides being ongt'y sho woo disgusted, and looked down upon hot1 oppoEOiafi with q glance oi unnaistokabls aoovn. 'Of coubdo you will tell him all I liovo said,' eKolaimed Lizsie, with 0 hyotosioal smi!©. 1 Oh, of oomao,' ieonioolly.' (To bo continued.} 