CHAPTER XIII. The roar of the moving flood, lor »ncn, Dy its* noise, it seemed, as they descended the river bank, to which Nathan bad so skilfully conducted them, awoke: in Boland’s bosom a feeling dismay. , , . : •< Feu not,” said the Rnide, to whom he im parted his doubts of the safety of.tha ford; “ there is more danger in one single skulking Shawnee, than ten. thousand suoh cpnttering brooks. Verily, the ford 'is good enough, though deep and roagh ; ana if the water should soil thee young women’s garments a little, thee should remember it will not auks so ugly a stain as the bloodmvk of a sealpUg *“Beed on," said Pardon Bodge, with inex* petted spirit; "l am not one of them- ’era fellars as fears a big river; and my hose is a dreadful fine swimmer.” • i ■ • “In that ease,” said Kathan, “ if then eon and ibpase over dry-shod; for the feel of wet leether-breechee is quite unoomfbrtable.”j ': This proposal, being reasonable enough J was . readily acosdedto; and Kathan' wss in tSoart of eiimbing to tha crupper of Bodge*Ions, Whsn UttlePeter began- to’msiifaatl prhdenf desire to pass fie ford dry-shod also, by pawing at bis master’s heels, and beseeching nis notice with sundry low bnt expressive whinnings. Such, at least, was the interpretation which Roland, who perceived the uuimal’s motions, was inclined to put upon them. He was, there fore, not a littlo surprised when Nathan, start ing from the stirrup into which ho HadcUmbt d, leaped again to the ground, staring around him from right to left, with every appearance of alarm. “Eight Peter!” he at last muttered; fixing his eye upon the further bank of the river, a dark mucB of hill and forest that rose in dim re lief against the clouded sky, oveishadowiog the whole stream, which lay Hire a pitchy abyss betwixt it and the travellers—“ right, Peter! thee eyes iB as good as thee nose—thee is determined the poor woman shall not be mur “ What is it yon see ?” demanded Forrester; “ and why do yon talk of murdering?” “ Speak !ow, and look across the river,” whispered tho guide, in reply; “ does thee see the light glimmering among the rocks by the roadside?” “ I see neither rocks nor road—all is to my eyes confused blackness; and, as for a light, I see nothing—stay! No; tia the gleam of a fire fly.” “The gleam of a fire-fly T ’ mannered Nathan, with tones that seemed to mingle wonder and derision with feelings of a much more serious character; “ it is each a fire-fly as might born a house, or roast a living captive at the stake: —it is a brand in the bands of a 'camping Shawnee 1 Look, friend, he is blowing it into a flame; and presently thee will see the whole hunk around it in a glow.” It was even as Nathan said.'' Almost while he was yet speaking, the light, which all now clearly beheld, at nnt a point as small and faint as the spark of a lampyris, and then a star scarce bigger or brighter tlian the torch of a jack-o’-lantern, suddenly grew in mag nitude, projecting a long and lance- like, though broken, reflection over the wheeling current and then as suddenly shot iuto a bright and ruddy blaze, illumining hill and river, and even the anxious countenance of the travellers. At the same time, a dark fignre, as of a man en gaged feeding the flame with fresh fuel, was plainly seen twice or thrice to pass before it. How many others, his comrades, might be watching its increasing blaze, or preparing for their wild slumbers among the rocks and bushes where it was kindled, it was impossible to divine. The sight of the fire itself, in such a solitary spot, and under such circumstances, even if no attendant had been seen by it, would have been enough to alarm the travellers, and compel the conviction that their enemies had not. forgotten to station a force at this neglocted fold, as well as at the other more frequented one above, and thus to deprive them of the last hope of escape. This unexpected incident, the climax of a long aeries of disappointments, all of a character bo painful uua exciting, drove the young soldier again to despair; which feeling, the tantalising sense that be was now within hut a few miles of his companions in exile, and separated from them only by the single obstruction before him, exasperated iuto a species of fury bordering almost upon frenzy. “ There is but one way of eaeape, he ex claimed, without venturing even a look towards his kinswoman, or seeking by idle words to conceal the danger of their situation; 41 we must pass the river; the roar of the water will drown the noise of our footsteps; we can cross unheard and onlooked for; and then, if there he no way of avoiding them, we can poor a volloy among the rascals at their fin, and take advantage of their confusion, to gallop by. Look to the women, Nathan Slaughter; and yon, Pardon Dodge, and Emperor, follow me, and do ae yon *oe me Traly,” said Wandering Nathan, with admirable coolness and complacency, 44 thee is a courageous young man, and a yonng man of sense and spirit—that is to say, after thee own sense of matters and things; and, truly, if it were not for the poor women, and for the blazing fire, thee might greatly confound and harmfully vanquish the evil creatures, there placed bo unluckily on the bank, in the way and manner which thee thinks of. But,; friend, thee plan will not do; thee might pass unheard, hut not unseen. Does thee not see how brightly the fire blazes on the water? Truly, we ehould all be seen and fired at, before we reached the middle of the'stream; and,, truly I should not be surprised if the gleam of the fire on the pale faces of these poor women shonld bring a shot upon us where we stand; and therefore, friend, the sooner we get us out of the way, the better.” _ . “And where shall wc betake us?” de manded Boland; the sternees of whoBe accents but ill-disguised the gloom and hopelessness of his feelings. , , • , “To a plaee of safety and of rest,” replied the guide, 44 and to one that is nigh at hand ; where ws may lodge' us, withllttle fear of In juns, until such time aa the waters shall abate a little, or the stars give us light to cross' them at a place where are no evil Shawness to oppose ns. And theB, friend,-ae to slipping by these foolish oreatores who.make such bright fires on the publio highway, truly, with little Peter’s aiesietance, we can do it with great ease.” “ Let us not delay," said Boland, and added, sullenly, 14 though where a place of rest and safety can bo found in these detestable woods, lean no louger Imagine.” 44 It is a place of rest, ot least for the dead,”. said Nathan, in a low voico; at the same time leading the party back again np the bank, and taking care toehelter them, as he ascended, as much as possible, from the light of the fire, which was now Mazing with great brilliancy ; 44 nine human corpses—father and mother, gran dam and children—sleep under the ■ thres hold o! the door; and there are not many, white men or Injuns, that will, of their free will, etep over the bosoms of the poor murdered creatures, after nightfall; and the more especially, because there are them that believe they rise at midnight, and roam rennd the houses and the clearings, mourning. Yet it is a good hiding-place for them. that are in trouble; and many a night have little Peter ana I sheltered ns beneath the mined roof, with little fear of either ghosts or Injuns ; though, truly, we have sometimes heard strange and mournful noises among the trees around us. It is hut a poor place and a sad one; but it will afford thee weary women a safe resting-place till such time os vs can cro63 the river.” The words of Nathan brought to Boland’s recollection the story of the Ashbums, whom Bruce had alluded to, as having Hen all des troyed in their station, in a single night, by the Indians, and whose tragioal fate, • perhaps, more than any other circumstance, had diverted the course of travel. from the ford near to which they had seated themselves, to the upper, and, originally, less frequented one. (to be continued.) ALFRED COTTRELL and ‘Co., Private ‘Detective. Next of Kin, Hissing Friends and Enquiry Offices. Reliable information promptly obtained. Oxford-chambers, Bourke street, Melbourne.—[Advt.] 