L TURF TOPICS AND ANTICIPATIONS. BY ASMODEUS; The weather lii&t; Saturday was tho rovorse of 'inviting to those- who meditntod. visiting Mari- (byrnong, whore' tho Messrs. Cox provided a varied programmo of half a dozen evonts. .< Threo rival faotions.wero at work by way of' rendering rtbo situation as difln&rMnhlA-; na nnaatMA— In aoorolilng hot sun, a north wind and olouds of dust, which mado tho journoy to the picturesquely Csituoted oonrae on tlio. banks of the Saltwator River particularly unpleasant to everybody save rthose who seleotod tha rlvor routo por tho s.s. .Rose, which took up about 300 passengers from 'Quoon's-bridgo. ' This modo of jouruoying" to CMarlhyrnong bids fair to become popular during tho sunimor months, more especially : ns 'passengers will id futnro bo landed within d low yards ; of tho oourso for the nominal roturn -fard' of Is. By way of miuistdfing to tho comfort of tho road passengers it is intended to keep a number of wator oarts busy from tho Slaribyrnong-bridgo to tho oourso on raco clays. Disagroeablo as was tho woathor, thero was an oxcelioht attondanoe, and no fault could ho found with tlio sport. Investors started tholr afternoon's transactions innuspicloualy by con fiding in Star of Erin for tlio Hurdlo Race, tho favorite liavingtoputupwith defoatat tho hands of Rushlight.- Tho Horatio Handioap eow tlio ovortbrow of qnothor prime favorito , in Paddy, wlio did not show up wull at the finisii, being unplaced. Tlio winnor, Submission, had numerous friends, consequently tlio race was not a. good one for tho ring. Two of tlio four candidates for tho .. Selling.. Steeplo- oIiobo. came to griof, and it . romainod with the - favorite, Buzzard, . to oantcr home any number of Iongtbs in. advariqo of Commotion, who jumped very clumsily. Neither ridors;nor horsos wero any the worso for tho spills received by Knight and Vcngeanoo II. The buying in of Buzzard for 120 sovs. proved a good thing for tho funds. It was only after a splendid fight on tho part of Fortunate that Mysia landed tho short odds aoooplod about her for tho Two-Year-Old Handicap. Despised opened favorite for the Soiling Raco, 6 to 4 being accoptcd about him in some instauces, hut ho did not travel woll in tho markot, and was ovontually knocked, out. Omaha, who started at. evon money, engaged in a great fight with Fair Ellen iu the ruu home, but had the worBt of it, though she did: not rest long undor this disadvantage, ' ns her jockey, Ray, lodged a complaint' against Myers for boring him against tho rails; the same being upheld by tho stewards, who consequently disqualified Fair Ellon. It was Baid that Myors admitted the oflenoc, and if this was so it Booms straiigo he was permitted to escape punishment. - For tho Wnrwiok Han dicap Villiers started a better favorito than Palo Alto, and a prettily contested concluding duel terminated in favor of tho last named, who is running into, form as a 3-yonr- old in the samo manner as .did liis Btablo companions', Portland and Portsoa. A notable foaturo of tlio racing at Maribyr nong was tho fast timo. in wbioli wero run the Two-Yoar-Old Hnndioap and Horatio Handi cap, in which races a couple of Victorian ro- cords wore established. At any rate,. I novor remembcr half a milo previously compassed in this colony in 49 see., or fivp furlongs havinir been run in 1 min. see. Thero was amplo carrphorntivo testimony showing tlio returns to be perfeotly correct in oaoh instance, while tho firm of surveyors wliioh laid out tha course tostify to tlio oorrcot measurement of tlio ro- spcotivo distances. , I may mention, inoidon- tally, that tho state, of the ground and , atihos- plicro wero peouliarly favorablo . to tho accomplishment of fast limp. For.four furlongs Submission had a strong wind to assist lior,. in addition'to which sho jumped away on tho in side berth,, and hugging the rails closely, slio was never interfered with from start to finisii. Mysia was similarly favored. Mr. S. Miller's stablo was thus in great form in putting up- separate records on the same day. . ' It is a long cry to tho Champion Stakes, yot inquiries regarding tlio probabilities of the eon-, tost for the great wcight-for-ogo - eveut are frequently heard on all sides, and the chaneOB of tho respootivc candidates freely discussed. On paper tho oontest at the present time wears an uncommonly, opon appearance/ and this oir- oumstanoo may tend to inereaso the numcrioal strength of tho field as compared with previous yearB, Never since Richmond proved1 vic torious in 1875 has the field reached double figures, hut judging from the present aspeet of things there is a fair prospcot of an improve ment in this rcspeot. There arc in oil 55 horses nominated, but in ail likolihood when ' tho day arrives for trying . conolusions ovor tho Ohampionship oourso the soleotion.' of, tho team will rest with the undermentioned' horsos : — CHAMPION STAKES. Three miles, i . : . ' ; " ' . ... St. lb. J. Rodfeam ns'ch'li CORREZE, ; by Now- hiinstcr— Ouida, 6 yrs. .. ... ,9: S M. Carniody ns br h ClLENLOTII, by Glon- , marltio — Tlio Com. 5 yrs. .. .... ... 9 ,6 X Rodfearn's b .b MALVOI.TO, by Maliia— MadcaprByrs. .. .. .. .'. 9 '6 W. Gannon's br U MELOS, by Goldsbrougli— ;,i -Melody, aged .. .. .. -9' '5 S. G. Cook's b h THE ADMIRAL, by Rich- mond— Footstop, b yrs. . . .. . . . , 9 5 F. AV. Eiuclies's u h PORTSEA, by Ndckcrs- , . cat— Lady Lovolace, 4 yrs. ... .. .. 9 0 W. R. Wilson's b li STRATHMORE, by . ' Nordonfolt— Ouida, 4 yrs. .. .. .. ' 9 '0 \v. R. Wilson's bk Ii STEADFAST, by. us Nordcnfolt— Nellie Moore, 4 yrs. .. .. 9,0 G. Jurd's b h ST. ALBANS It, by Gozo- Rosebud, 4 yrs. .. .. . . .. .. 9 0 W. R. Hall's bk b OXIDE, by Sardonyx— . . Goraldino, 4 vrs; . '.'.''9 0 W. R." Wilson's br h ZALINSIII, by Nordon-' ' felt— Frailty, 4 yrs. .. V; .. ;..' 9 0 W. R. Wilsons b m LA TOSCA, by Robiusou Crusoe— Niglitmaro, 4 yrs. .. -.. ,811 j.. li.. Clark's ;b o AUTONOMY, by Chester— Aveline, 3 yrs. . .; -.; >.. .'712 H. O. Dangar's b c ATTALUS, by Wolcomo " Jnck— Signorn; 3 yrs. ; ;. ' v. .7-12 'C. Sommor's br c 'AZIM,. by Nowniliistcr- ' 1 .'Zulcika, 3yia. . . ... . ,-7 -12 W. Forrostbi-'s b c CALCULUS, by Trenton— p .- Rosary, 3 yrs. .. . .. ,7 12 J. B. Clark's ch c CA3IOOLA, by Chester—' Copra, 3 yrs. , ' 7 12 J. Pldilips lis oli o CANDOUR, by Splendor—''". Canary, 3 yrs.' 1 ?. ' .. ' 'I,.':;7 j2 J. B. Clark's b o DONATION, by MarUul. v. i ; . Henry— Charity, 3 yrs.1 ...'712 j. Wilson's br .o.DUCROiV, by First,ICiiig— Yardley, 3 yrs. 7 12 A. R. Blackwood's br c' ELS WICK, by Nor- " " ! . donfclt— Albatross,'3yrs;"'-" -.. , f '.. 713 J. Horsoy's br1 c MELI. -by Nowminstor— > . Melodious, 3 yrs. ;. : u ..e ' ... 7 12 W. Forrester ns b o RONDA, by; Tronton—. , ; i Mono, 3yrs. .. ..,.'7,12 H.'Powor ns brf ETRA WEENIE,, by Troll- ' . . tori— Nellie, 3 yrs. . . .. .'.' 7..9 J.1 B.' Clark's br £, TRIESTE, , by Ghoster."""- ' Tempo, 3yrs.'; re h. - :7-t9 S. G. Cook's brg THE iGAPTAIN, by Robin.,, .,rt son Crusoo — Mario Louiso, 3 yrs. , -7 , ; 7 X Crozior's b g VAKEEL, by- Robinson , Crusoe— Eileen, 3 yrs. .. 7 7 The weight, for. ago form .of. tho- present Mason has boon of d very in and out oliaraoteiv and lends but slight assistance by way of solving tho big problem of tho autumn. When Camoola put up a stone penalty in tho Caiilfield Stakes and beat a field of 12 opponents, ineiud- ingwhatara nowknowntobo twoMelbourneOup winners nnd a like number of Caulfleld 'Clip heroes, the performance was thought to be Al, and although - tho colt nildod to his laurola by winning tho Derby hPisubsoquoutiy lpat prestige by bis inglorious exhibition in tlio Canterbury Plato, when Tho Admiral compiled what is up to now tho most meritorious long distaucowoight for ago porformaiieo of tho season. More brilliant still in point of spood was Autonomy's defeat ', of Tho ..Admiral, Buiigcbnli, Etra Weenie, Paris,' Qlonloth, Malvolio, Pcnonoe, Trieste and nino .bothers' in the Molbourno Stakes, but liko his stable companion, Camoola, Autonomy failed to show to the sameadvantago on tlio concluding day of. the meeting. The form all through is theroforo very inuoli tangled, yot Tho Admiral, Camoola and Autonomy aro ontitlod to tako prooedonco amongst those which have sported silk this season. Correze, Malvolio, Glenloth, Portsoa and Oxido aro each heavily weighted in handicaps, but have not as yet accomplished anything to promote them to weigh t-for-sgo class. The list includes a brace of erstwhile Chumpion winners in Molos and Strathraoro, whoso iudividual claims would command tho utmost respect wero thoy to face tho flag in their pristino greatness. H. Raynor is exercising muoli pains and porseveranoo in the endeavor to bring Molos once mprc fit to tho post, and it iB to bo hoped, his efforts will he rowarded. Mr. W. R. AVilaon has boon ox- tremely unlucky; in thus far being deprived of tho serviaes of two suoh smtiBhers as Stratlimoro and Znlinski, who rau first and scooud in the last Champion Stakes, but it is to be hoped this loss will not oxtend itBolf over the autumn meet ings. Tho St. Roger may bo oxpeotcd to definitely dctcrmlno .wliioh: of tho 3-year-olds will possa'ss the .best, ' ohanco of opposing tho eldor contingent, of whom I at present enter tain a fondness for - THE ADMIRAL. ! The ownor of Fair Ellen, who was disqualified for boring in the Selling Raco at Maribyrnong oh Saturday last, has appealed against the decision of the stewards. , An appeal has also boon lodged against the decision of the Moonee Valley stewards;; who- dismissed the protest eritered by the owner of Eldorado against Bul- lerrana', tho winner of tho Turkoitli Handicap at Mooneo Valloy on 4th November. Both appeals will eomo on for hearing at the meeting of the y.R.O.,oommitteo on Monday. 1 ' Wyndliam will' bo the venue to-day, and al though tho, Folds do. not ' promise to bo large, sport of tho: customary order will donbtloss bo forthcoming. : I will '' endeavor to anticipate results as follows :- HURDLE RACE. One mile and a half. ESCORT ...,i... 1 DIAVOLO ..." '... 2 IMPOSTOR ... ... 3 MAIDEN PLATE. ' Six furlongs. REPUDIATION ... ... ... 1 TRIP AWAY 2 CHOICE ... 1 .;. ... 3 SELLING STAKES. , ' . ; Five: furlongs. , DESPISED or NELL COOK ..., 1 TOWN TALK.. :, . ,... ... ... '2 . STONYLIMBED' ... ... 3 , FLYING HANDIOAP. , Five furlongs and a half. CAPTAIN COOK ... ... ... 1 : COORA.MIN ... ... ... 2 ' PLANETSON...'.' ... ... .3 STEEPLECHASE. Two-miles. MOUNTAIN DEER... , ; ... ... 1 WAITER ... ... 2 ESMOND ' ... ... ... ... 3 \- SPRING HANDIOAP. One mile. . DUNDAS or VILLIERS ... ... 1 WIORA ... ... 2 ..-INVESTMENT "': ... ; ..i ... 3 The Bendigo Jooltoy' Club scored a gratifying sucaess with . their spring meoting, . although confronted by a serious drawbaek in the shapo of raoing at Mooneo Valley on their oponing day. Mr. Cox oort'ainly oannot be blamed for tho. obeurrehce, as;he applied for certain dates at tho elosa of last, season, and amongst those allotted to him' was" . , Wodncsday, the 23rd November.' Tho. Beridigo bxeoutivo olaimi that thoir.datcs for this season wero notified to hoad- quarters/12 months ago, and although tho IV.E.C. oommitteo do not undortako to regulate -dates for meeting's held more than 50 miles from Melbourne, there are oertainly the best of grounds for expoptlng.thom to consider as much as possible, when awarding dates for tho metro politan distriot, the intcrostsof suoh undeniably logitimatp institutions' iis' the Bondigo Jookey Club; and .the Ballaiat' Turf Club. The two olubs named exist for nothing but tho promotion of genuine sport, And as. they only ask for about three days a year1 oaoh thero 'should not bo the slightest : diffipnlty in protooting thorn against opposition,, without injustice being done to pro prietary clubs in "the metropolitan distriot, whoso advantages, and privileges aro very muoli groator.tlmn thoso' eiijoycd by the raoing repre-, :sontatives 'of ' tlip two'; "grcat ' mining centres. The , atti-notion jat ,Moon6e yallcy undoubtedly aocounted: for, tlio small number of bookmakers 'present at Bendigo on the first day, and although a few' more wont up in'tho 'ovening or on the .morulug of the spoond day, the total number of visitors from Melbourne fell considerably short ' of. previous : years... '.As. n..sot. off, howoypr, it eould easily bp seen from tlio number of vohiolos and tho pnoko'd stato of tho grand stand that tlio looal 'p'oople hnd extended unusu ally.; liboral ! patronage, J and it is i>lcasing to rooord that:the' rosult.was afinanoial auocess mubli boyond anticipation. Mr. Hemming, who had everything in p'drfeot; order, certainly left no stbue unturned in endeavoring, to secure the auaoess" wliioh was'both dosorvpd and aohiovod,; and amongst tlio honorary' officials who worked dssldiionsly .thropgli tho mootiug the enthusi astic lato honorary sectotary, Mr. Stamp; was hoticcablo for his succpssful managcmcnt of tlio scales. A new local starter, Mr. J. Pierce, officiated with'moderato Sucoess, and a steward attended at tho post at the start for oaoh race. Dr. Hinoholiff was happily ohosen for this offioo, and tho judge's decisions wore givea promptly all through, tho two days' raoing. Tho looal timekoopor wns . onrof ul in splitting scoonds, ns it will bo observed that in 10 pf the 12' I pyents deoidp thb time, was giyqn. to fifths of scoonds, which is outting it pretty fine. Leviathan in winning tho Sandhurst Cup— which, with the Bendigo Handicap, ho also carried off two years ago — showed marked im provement oil recent form, and it must havo been very galling for Scobio. for tho favorite, Enuo, to bo fairly smothored as ho was by a liorse with wliioh tho Dowling Forest trainer had never been able to do muoli good when he had him. It is evident that. Osborne, senior, and Osborne, junior, -both understand Lovlathan, aud . that Leviathan understands the Osborues also. The noxt most important event, tho Bendigo Handioap, was shorn of its fair proportions, no less than 9 of tha 12 left in on tho morning of tho race retiring, one of theso being the Cup winner, whose deferred withdrawal oauBod some grumb ling, as while ho was loft in the books were laying 2 to 1 against Goldrecf, who subsequently stortod with 6 to 4 laid on him. Odds of 6. to 4: against Palo Alto wore difficult to got, .and ha ran a capital raoe, being only boaten by the favorito after a desperato finish. -The other startor, Jack, viewed the battle from afar all tiib way, and has evidently beoome- a- perfect old rogue, as ho would not try a yard. Though these were tlio two principal races, tho best per formance at tho meeting was aohiovod by IVonga, .who fairly staggered even those who know liim best by -the remarkable brilliancy of his throo victories. In each caso lie got off a bod last, in oach caso when throe furlongs from homo his position . in. tho rear was so apparently liopclcsB that had he been Carbine it would havo looked good odds against him, but in each case, also, ho mado one smothoring - run round tho bond aud up the straight, which simply annihilated all his opponouts. By "Wonga's first victory, his owner secured the Watson Plate, a very-handsome trophy, wliioh was on view on the course, and was much nd- mired. Little Cox, who rode Wonga in all his races, evidently understands exactly where and wlion to call upon the natty son of Dolou for iiis phenomenal run, and both Mr. Whitty nnd his jockoy arc to be congratulated on winning threo events in suoh. truly phenomenal style. Palo Alto, after winning the first race oE the meeting, carried his heavy penalties gamely, but had to put up with two seconds. Tho well bred Escort at last managed to win over hurdles, but it was against poor opposition, and ho was withdrawn from tlio Scooud Hurdlo Race in favor of Star of Erin, who jumped clumsily aud eveutunlly ran against a post, injuring Under wood's leg and knooking him out of tho saddle, Bolton, whose name was omitted from the official- book,' won easily, though the stablo were not- sweet on his chance, and Lady Wilde in oaoh Hurdle Race had tho bad luck to ruu second. In his fiat races Bolton performed very indifforoutly, shut ting up completely on oaoh ocoasiou when look ing all oyer a winner and holding a strong lead. Montrose bad no difficulty in winning both Belling races, and it was pleasing to . sea Archie Campbell, who has not lately been one of for tune's favorites, stoer him caeh time.. The inevitable Trot, which is a great local institu-: tion, created considerable interest, .16 starters going to tho post, ono of wliioh was bctweon the shafts of a pnoumatio tired sulky, built on -the latest American principle by Mr. J. Donnellan, of Bendigo. The " maohine": weighed 50 lb., and had 28 inoli wheels, but while, tho invention is doubtless all right, tho first. Australian mado sulky with pnoumatio tiro3 was unfortunately not drawn by a Nanoy Hanks at Bendigo, and was never prominent in the race. The execu tive are to bo commondod for eliminating the steepleabase from the programme, as racing over big fcnocs at this season of the year on such hard going is absolute cruelty to animals, and, indeed, little less than attempted man slaughter. The oireumstance of Wednesday's meeting at Mooneo Vulley clashing with that of Bendigo did not in tho least affect the attendance at the former rendezvous, where Mr. Cox disposed of a programmo of seven events with his customary success. Proceedings : opened unfavorably for those who laid odds on Aiico for UiG'Twcedsidp Handicap. So. well was tho favorito going at tho head of affairs on approaohing the homo bend that one enthusiastic supporter laid 50 to 2 on her, yot.for all that' Aliee compounded badly on being challenged by Nelly. Tho odd3 laid on Eyry for the Selling Raoe wore only landed by a head after a desperate finish with Lord Coxcomb, mid much more easily did The Bud win the Niddrie Handioap, although his chance was not very muah fancied; Sbylook was thought to be a -good thing for the Stooplooliaso, but ho had to put up with defeat at the hands of Pot-8-os, who appeared to groat advan tage. Profit easily landed the odds laid on: him for ,the Selling .Flat Race, and Bluestonc ac complished a Bimilar feat iu;: the Ailsa Handi oap. ; An interesting, afternoon's: sport .was brought to a tormination by the anoient Wattle' abruptly upsetting ;a strong favorite for the Ard-! connol Handicap in Daniol. 1 Tho unfavorable condition of the .weather on Tuesday ourtailed the attoudanoe at Aspeudalo; where some fine sport was witnessed. -. The main feature of.'the racing was the double victory of tbclcoally trained Bounie Bairn, a oolt forwkom I contracted n groat liking whPn.I saw him at Iiis dam's side inithe Wnverly paddocks. Although defioiont inisiy.e, ho is one of the most perfectly formed horsos, at present on the turf, 'and being by. a Melbourno Cup winnor (Tho Assyrian) : out of a Cdulfiold Cup heroine (Blink Bonny), it is not siirprising'that he . is beginning to. develop galloping ability;. 9 st.-3:lb.' was a'Big .weight for suoh a.littlo fellow to Carry successfully in tho ' Welter ' Handicap; jwliile the 'fact of: his getting nine! furlongs in' the' .Aspondale' Pork Handioap Bhows tlint he is inclined toistay. , Hp always finishes well;' and may 'some day succeed litx winning au important handiaapior Mr.' R. G.' Talbot, tliah.whom few owners are more deserv ing of fortune's favors. : Jamcs King signalised his return to' the pigskin by . steering Stamboul to. victory in the Hurdle Robe, and the oration hercooived on his: rbtnrn':to :soala must. hayo boon: an nPcoptablo solatium of tor so prolonged a.retirempnt from the fostive: arena, it ; ) , Some: of the minor teventsvto be deoidedht Ballorat .on,: Friday , and Saturday next' jiftvo been fairly, supported, also tho Steeplechase with an entry of 18, but for the Ballarat Cup thoro nro only a dozen horses nominated, mado up for tho most part of looal representatives. The two hurdle rnoos nro also poorly patronised, and as the meoting dashes with Aspendalc, I fear the Dowling Forest reunion will suffer for want of metropolitan support. Mr. Orooke annouuoes a programme of soven events to bo played out at Aspondale Park next Saturday, viz,, Hurdle Raoe, of 50 sovs.; Beach Handioap, of 35 bovb.; Selling Race, of 50 sovs.; Welter Handioap, of 35 sovs. Soiling Hurdlo Race, of 50 sovs. and Aspendale Park Handi oap, of AO sovs. Entries to bo mado with the seorotary, atHaydon's Rseeoourso Agency, 491 Bourko-strcet west, Melbourne, before 5 p.m, on 'Monday, 28th November. Mr. Haydon has issuod a programmo of six evonts to bs run for at Saudown Park on Satur- day, 17th December. Tho card is made up of tho Hurdle Race, of 90 sovs.; Christmas Handi cap, of SO sovs.; Steeplechase, of 70 sovs;; .Sell ing Plato, of 70 sovs.; Soiling. Steoploohose, of 70 sovs. and Saudown Park Handioap, of 70 sovs. Nominations close on Monday, Sth Decem ber. Singapore- has auooumbod to the injuries he received when ho fell in the Spring Handioap at Flemington on Oaks day, the immediate cause of death boing blood poisoning. Tho son of Martini; Henry and Malacca was q most unfortunate 2000 guineas investment for Mr. M. O'Shanassy, in whose oolors he never won a raoe. For his breeder, thelateBIr. James White, Singsporbwon ths A. J.O. July Stakes as a 2-ycar-old, and the AJ.C. Derby and -Members' Handicap as a 3- yar-old, his aggregate winnings amounting to . In anothor column will be found tho full pro grammo of tho summer mcetiug of the Tas mania Raoing Club, to bo held on 1st, 2nd and 3rd February. Altogether stakes of tho value pf £1830 are offered for competition. Tlio Hobart Cup, of one mile and a half,' lias boon increased from 300 to 400 sovs., .while, other substantial prizos are provided in the Lord Stakes, of 200 sovs., ono milo and a quarter aud a distance ; Wilson Stalcos, of 150 sovs., one mile and a quarter; Steeplechase, of 150 sovs., two miles and a half ; First Hurdlo . Raoe, of 120 sovs;, two milos and a half ; and Welter Race, of 100 sovs., one mile. The foregoing form the principal cvent3 in the programme, and it is to be iiopcd that this liberality on tho part of the Tas- manian Raoing Club will be duly appreciated by Victorian owners who oontemplato crossing the straits during the ensuing summer. Nominations for the Hobart Cup and Lord Stakes olosc on 6lh January, The Tasmaniau Raoing Club lias issued in book form its programme for 1892-93, also a full list of nominations for tho Tasmnnkui Racing Club Dorbies of 1892-93-94, and uomiu- , ations for tho Sires' Produce Stakes of 1893-94, .together with, the detailed records of tiic prin cipal racos decided at Hobart for several years past. The work reflects creditably on Mr. Chas. H. Wcstwood, secretary of the Tasmaniau Raoing. Club.. Mr. S. Miller's leading jookey, Ray, rode three winners at Maribyrnong last Saturday- Submission. Mysia aud Omaha. Ho succeeded in putting togethor a couple of timo records on / the first named pair. , . . Gardenia recently dropped twin foals to Tra dition, -both of which died. This mare will next pay. her devoirs to Malua, and something good should eventuate from an alliance between the dual Geolong Cup winners. Pygmalion is said to havo devolopcd symptoms of lamcnoss since he passed into tho possession of Mr. John Pile. Penance has been struck out of tlio Summer Cup. Mr. Joseph Harper, of CaulGeld,:bas had the ill fortune to lose his gelding Persimmon, by Oudcis from Horticulture, who died suddenly on Monday morning from hemorrhage of Fho lungs. Mr.; . W. .R, . Wilson contemplates making anothor parly visit to England, and will pro bably return in time for next year's spriug meet ings at Caulficld and Flcinington,. ' The Qiiccuslaiid : horse,-, Donizetti,: is under .orders for Randwiok, where' he will, take' part in some of the priuoipal events of the midsummer campaign. . - ; Tlio West Australian champion,- Wandering Willie, ' lias been allotted 10 at. 10 lb., in tho Perth Cup, Portsoa 10 st., and Tlio Magistrate 8st. 6 lb. The last named pair lire supposed to have boon nominated without the consent of their owners. ;-. A new raoing organisation has.bceu formed in Adelaide under the style of the'Bouth Austra lian' Amateur. Turf Club. It is intended to bold tlio- opening meeting at Edwardstown. oi> ;7tli January, —i -'Pilot Boy' returned to Randwick yesterday, aocompauied by Mr. dl; Oxonliain's rcocnt , pur chases; Linwood and Buzzard. : t .: ' : For the 'Mordialloc' races !to beheld at! Rich- fk-ld oh.7th Deoembor entries require to be niado ati the. office, JHaydonV. Racecourse: Ageucy, Bourke-stre'et west, Rlelbounie,' before 4 p.m. on Moiiday next, tho 28th iust.! Tlio programme appoars in our froiit page.-: v : '! : rr.i- r. Elsewhere will bo fouiid 'tho programmb of tho meeting to be heldiat'Epsom on 6th' Dc'oember, nominations ! for wliioh closo on Monday next, the 28tli inst., at'the office of'ithe ol lib/ Sun- buildings, cornor of Bourlto and 'Qucou streote, lit 6 p;m.' ; ' ! : .'- b: V :! '' - :' In' the .District Courtion'Nov, 18 further p'rose- eiitions' of .bookmakers were : conduatod.; iRobt. :Pliilllps,!.;o'f Little Collins-strectJ- aiid;' James Swallow'-aiid James Edwards' worb: "-'charged with boing ooneerned in the aondiict: :of '-a -'com- mon gnming honsc." Mr. d'AiStDyth niipeareil to proBCcnto.'and Mr. ' 1>. Gaimson to'-deiuhd. :As' soon (is Mr. Smy th: had I mado his "opening statement,' Mr. "GauiiBoniralscdnh i objection' 'to the iwording - of ! the infor mation; wbloh', lie said, disolosed noioffouco.h.i'Tlid Wuohidecidedito strilcb thacase3but,-the groundifor.'thcir.'dobag so being: tliit the tanthbritlos tverS pr'oseonting -hothnat.ceommon -law; and "uhdoidthoriPolUe Offences Statfrte:.7 .-Tlio driformation' should have :! been laid under :oho: of 'othqr of tho .seoblon3,-,.i:bulii nDbimuiidBt::: botlw;! c.Tlicre wero similar charges agoinst Barney Allen mid Phillip Hnnn, but tlioy were also struck out. Tho polieo will probably soo their way clear to Instltuto frosh procccdinBS in a moro careful and preoLo manner, so that tlid law may be vindicated, and if tho offenoos are proved ponaltics imposed, as in other such eases reoeutly hoard in tho court. Two betting appeals wero dealt with by Judge Casey at tho Court ; of .Gonoral Sossions onTuosday. Joe Cohen, tobaooonist, was fined £25 by tho city- magistrates .for permitting betting to bo earricd on' on Ilia promisee, attd B. Alsopp was fined £15 for betting whilst ho had tlio oaro and management of his .shop. ; His Honor did not oonsidor the oases proved, and quashed tho oonviotlons, but, as. tho oirohm- stances wero suspioious, allowed no costs, , When Mr. Alfred Joseph— formerly known as the Sandhurst " leviathan," but now regarded as the leader of tlio Viotorian ring — visited Europe nnd Amorioa in 1890, ho recounted tho incidents and improssions of his travels in ' a sorios of letters to a oountry journal, which liavo since been published in book form, intended for pri vate olroulation only. ' Mr. Josoph describes his peregrinations and experiences with a faeilo pen, and a perusal of his work affords pleasant read ing to those who caro to know tho improssions made on an Australian sportsman's mind during wanderings in foreign lands. Mrs. Langtry, the Jersey Lily, who raoes under tho nonidc course of " Mr. Jeraoy," has early in her turf oareor cultivated a penchant for match making. The following matoh has been made for tho Newmarket First Spring Meet ing, 1893:— Mr. Jersey's b f Lily Asphodel against Lord Rosslyn's oh f Queeu of tho Hunt, both, then 2-ycar-olds, 8 at. 111b. eaob, Bona conrse, 200, h ft. Tho following is to take place at the Second Spring Mooting Mr. Jorsoy's b f Lily Asphodel against Mr. IV. Low's oh f, by Hampton out of Hall Mark, both then 2-year- olds, 8 st. 7 lb. each, last five furlongs of D.M., 200, h ft. Writing of the prevailing dulness of the betting market in England, Mr. John Corletl makes tho following poignant refererieo to the erstwhile king of tho Australian ring :— "Thorowasa bit of a spirt last year, when an Australian bookmaker brought somo oolonia! energy to waken up our effeto islanders ; but he received suoh a knook down blow over tho Cam bridgeshire that oven his enthusiasm eoolcd, and 'waking us up,' it is said, cost him the best part of £30,0001" Tho same authority thus comments on a bub jeet on which no one is better qualified to give ar opinion : — "Sporting journalism is for the mosi part of the rougn ana roaay sonooi, ana is uoais only with what appears on tho surface. The attempt to recruit its ranks from men of position and ripe scholarship who have lived the inner life of the turf has over and over again been triod, and over and over again it has failed. There is too much hard work about it. There aro many instanoes of men of family who have boon brilliantly educated nnd have owned race horses, nnd lost their snbstanco on them, who would make admirablo members of the fourth estate if only they had the determination to conquer the drudgery. When the attempt is made the breakdown is inevitable. Men who have been in the habit of betting their hundreds, and after a tiring day on the racecourse, from whioh they havo returned possibly wet through to seek n warm bath before donning their even ing dress for dinner, cannot forego those luxuries. Instead of the warm bath and the evening dros3 nnd the pleasant dinner, thore must bo the rush to tho telegraph oflico,tho hurried journey to London, tho writing of a column or more in tho train, and the subsequent waiting about in a newspaper office, with a hurried meal in the interim, the late return home and the early rising to oatch tho train the follow ing morning. Tho 1 Eight Hours day ' does not apply to the life of a sporting journalist. A man who writes elegant sontences is no good unless he has facts to back them up with. Hugged ex pressions of faot will always prevail over polished lines of emptiness. For this reason the public support sporting journalism in its present form. They havo made full discovery that though the style is often not elegant, there is the information before them which they require, written by industrious experts, whoso reports are full and ean bo believed." The Hon. F. Lawley contributes to tho pages of Saily an interesting biographical sketch of Sir Joseph Hawloy -.—"Sir Joseph's racing career commenced at Florence, where he passed many years after leaving the British- army, in whioh he bore a commission as lieutenant in a lanoor regiment. The horses whioh represented him in tho gay capital of Tuscany wero of a very different stamp from those whioh oarried his familiar cherry jaoket and blackcap to viotory upon many an English raoecourse. As a Florentine owner of thoroughbreds, ho had for bis ohicf competitor no more formidable op ponent than Prince Poniatowski, who was his own jookey, and rodo no better than the late Prince Batthyany, the owner of Galopin. It was after a race meeting on the Casoine that Mr. John Massey Stanley — who, although Sir Joseph's senior by four years, is still living bb Sir John Massey Stanley Errington— prevailed upon his future English confederate to transfer his racing interests from Italy to England. With his usual promptitude, Sir Joseph resolved to take 1i!b friend's advice, and they returned to London. It may be remarked that from tho veryfirstSir Joseph Hawloy took his place in the hlghostand mostexolusivo turf ciroles, which ho owed partly to his connection with Sir. John MasseyStanlcy, a finesportsman,and tbebrother of Sir William MnsBey Stanley, of Hooton Park, near Liverpool— ono of themostpopularmembcrs of the Jookey Club. In nddition, however, to Mr. John Stanloy's introduction, Sir Joseph Hawley roado his own way without difficulty into the best turf sooiety of the day. He was eleoted to the Jockey Olub without delay; and tho matches that he mado with the most eon- plcnoUB men on the turf — suoh as Lord Qeorge Bontinok, Lord Stanley, Lord Exeter, Lord Chestorfield, Colonel Peel and many more — testified to the esteem in whioh ho was hold. Sir Joseph had not been very long on the turf heforo he experienced one of the most extra- ordinary years of triumph ovor enjoyed by a comparatively email stable. With Teddinglon ho won four rncos, including tho Epsom Derby and tho Thousand Guinea matoh against Mr. Osbaldoston's Mountain Doer. With Aplirodito ho won the Thousand Guineas, tho Park Hill Stakos and the Doncastor Stakes. With Tho Ban ho won the Great Metropolitan States and tho Donoaster Cup. With Tho Confessor ho won tho Kaoing Stakos at Goodwood and the Great Yorkahlro Handicap at Donoaster, With Morry Peal ho won tho Palatino Stakes at Chester, and a 50 sov.' Produce Stako at Ascot ; while, nmong his old" horses, Vatican and Clincher added considerably to his winnings. In after years ho won the' Derby with Boadsman,' Musjld and Blue Gown. " . " The matoh for 1000 sovs. h Bide botweon Lord Rosslyn's Buccaneer and Colonel North's Nuntliorpo, of which wo recently bad cable nows, did not take place without n preliminary hitch, which led to a heated paper controversy botweon tlio partios interested. Colonel North's Sbrse foil lame a few days before the date arranged for tho matoh, and ho though fit to resort to '".bluffing " tnotics by way of . saving his forfeit money of 250 sovs. Lord Rosslyn was given to understand by Colonel North's rep resentative that Nunthorpe would not start, and that Buccaneer would consequently receive forfeit. Undor tho ciroumstances Buccaneer was not taken to the course, yet Nunthorpe put in an appearance, lienoe the troublo. Colonel North explained mattors thus in the press :— " I met Lord Rosslyn on the Wednesday prior to tho Friday fixed for the match, and upon his lordship roferring to it, I.remarkbd that I had heard Nunthorpe had trodden on a stonei, to whioh he replied that he hoped I should not deolare forfoit, a e his horse was also not at his best, as he had refused his corn for tho past 24 hours, and that ho very much wanted the rnoo to take plaoe. I said that wbs also my doslre, and as they were both in tho snmo condition, as far as I was conoernod tho matoh should take place, especially as it was quite likoly that i Nuntliorpo would bo all right by the day, as ho ( did something of the kind before the Liverpool Cup. With this understanding we parted, and i I at onco communicated the rosnlt of our con L versation to Mr. Monorciffc. So Lord Rosslyn i never heard from me that Nunthorpe would not run, and Mr. Moncrciffe denies that he ever made any statement to Lord Rosslyn on i tho subject, exoept tossy on tho Thursday, to use Mr. Moncreiffe'8 own words, as ho informs me, 'Nunthorpe seems to bo lame, and I think ho i may not run. I have wired to Colonel Nortli t advising him to declare forfeit' In reply to Dir. Dionoroine s wire, i luiormuu uuu iuui n. was my intention, if at all possible, to run Nunthorpe. Mr. Monoroiffo did not receive my wire until late on Thursday evening, and on Friday morning Morton, my trainer, received a wire shortly before 10 o'oloekfrom Lord Rosslyn asking whether ho should bring Buccaneer, and Morton by Mr. Monoreiffo's instructions re plied, 'Certainly, as our horse will probably run.'" The foregoing statements were flatly con- trodiotcd'by Lord Rosslyn, and jnstcad of making n fresh match it seems strange that the colonel did not there nnd then call for pistols and coffee, since the plunging young lord thought fit to so directly impugn his veracity. This is what his lordship said in reply " Since Colonel North has chosen to give his nnd Mr. Moncroiffe's version of the Bucoaneer-Nunthorpo fiasco, I feel it my duty to make a few short but straight forward statements on the subject, and to onclose you a copy of a letter I lind written to Colonel North previous to his version of the story being published in your paper : — (1) I did not tell Colonel North my horse had rofused his corn for 24 hoars. (2) Colonel North did not tell mo Nunthorpe had bruised his foot previously be fore the Liverpool Cup. (3) Mr. Moncrciffe did tell me that Nunthorpe would pay forfeit. (4) Mr. Monoreiffe never made use to me of such an expression as 'seems to be lame.' The true facts of the ease are told in my letter to Colonel North, with the exception of the story of my horse being off his feed. With reference to this latter excuse of Colonel North's, let mo say that I had heard before coming on tbe courso in tho early part of tho week, possibly Wednesday, that Nunthorpe had bruised his foot As a joko I told Mr. Monoreiffe — not Colonel North, whom I do not know well onough to joko with— that Buccaneer had bruised his foot, and pulled up lame. Mr. Moncreiffe undoubtedly believed me at the time, and told me tho name thing had happened to Nunthorpe. An hour or so later ho asked me if my story was really true. I told him, 'No, the horse was never better in his life.' This was during raoing Weducsday. Mr. Moncreiffe may havo communicated my original story to Colonel North ; but if ho did he should also have communicated what I told him later. I will not go further into the story, as I think my letter to Colonel North will explain every thing else : but can Colonel North tell the publio why, if ho really, as he says he did, wished tho match to take place, he telegraphed to Mr. Monoreiffe on Friday morning, saying, 'If Buccaneer on spot and Nunthorpe lame, pay forfeit ? ' Mr. Moncreiffe showed mo this telegram, but Colonel North makes no allusion to it in his letter." Tbe outcome of the unpleasant business was that a fresh match was agreed on, to take place in a month, when Buccaneer won, a result which must have been well received, as publio opinion and tho press were unanimous in condemning the part played by Colonel North over the first affair. The Field thus rofors to tho matter :— "Why do great matchos nover or scarcely ever come off? We have been tantalised, and Bucca neer has been eating the corn of idleness, to pre pare for tho big event, and lo and behold, Nun thorpe chooses to go and hurt his leg, or somo dreadful thing of that sort. There is always a leg in these matches. Now Lord Rosslyn is lamenting ; we, tho publio, aro exasperated ; and Nunthorpo is. perhaps, chuckling to him self in bis box. Wo shall refuse to believe in great mntckeB for the future." Tho London Sportsman says the long antici pated first appearance of Glenwood, tho only Ormondo two-year-old, was made in the Groat Sapling Plate at Sundown on 20th October, and though aoveral of tho competitors boasted bottor market status, tho colt lind the best of mattors at the'finiBh iu easily disposing of Gangway, who started a good fnvorlte. Glonwood, who is by Ormondo out of Maid of Dorset, was bred by Mr. H. G. Miller, and was as n yearling pur- olinsod by private oontraot by Mr. Singer for 5000 sovs. and oertain contingonoics. 