I \ADA THE LILY. I B, S. RIDER HAGGARD. I Coptbicht, 1891, By EL Rider I Haggard. I (Alt eights reserved.) I CHAPTER XII. i the tale of galazi the wolf. I \Tow, my father, I will go back a I little for my tale is long and winds in i a „iit like a river in a plain, and tell I "ftlic fate of Umslopogass when the I Son h»d taken him, as he told it to me I the after years. , , I The lioness bounded away, ana in I hcrmoath was Umslopogaas. Once he I lic ,_J U„t .he hit him hard, so he I Set 'in her mouth, and looked back I S saw the face of Nada as she ran | from tbe fence of thorns, crying ' Save I 3' He saw her face, he heard her I word? then he saw and heard littlemore, for the world grew dark to him and he I oassed, as it were, into a deep eleep. Presently Umslopogaas awoke again, feeling pain in his thigh where the lioness had bitten torn, and heard a sound of shouting. He looked op ; near to him stood the lioness that had loosed him from her js. She was snorting with rage, and in front of her was a lad la hd lonn and strong, with a grim face and a Wolf's hide, black and grey, bound about his shoulders in such fashion that the upper jaw and teeth of the wolf rested on bis head. He stood before the liones", aboatmg, and in one hand he held a large war-sbield and in the other he grasped a heavy club shod with iron. Now, the lioness crouched herself to spring, growling terribly, but the lad with the c'ub did not wait for the spring. He ran in upon her and emote her on the bead with the cmb. He smite hard aud well, yet this did not kill her, for she r.ised herself upon her bind legs and st-uck at him heavily. He caught 'the blow upon his shield, bat the shield was driven again -ft his breast go strongly that he fell backwards beneath the shield, and lay there howl ing like a wolf in pain. Then the lioocss sprang upon him and worried at him. Still, because of the shield, as yet ghe could not come to him to slay him. But Umslopogaas saw that this might DOt endure, for presently the shield would he t->rii aside and the strong-r mnst be killed. Now, in the "beast of the lioness yet stood theliulf ofUmslupn- gaas' broken spear, and tbe blade of it was a span deep in her breast. Then this thought came into the inind of Umslopogaas, that be would drive the gpear borne or die. So lie rose swiftly, for strength came back to him in his need, and ran to where the lioness worried at him who lay beneath tbe Ebield. She did not heed him, and he Jung himself upon his knees before ber, and, seizing the baft of the broken Epear, drove itdeepinto berand wrenched it round- Now she saw hiin and turned roaring, and clawed at him, tearing his breast and :;rm=. Then, as bo lay, he heard a mighty howling, and, behold ! grey wolves and black leaped upon the lioness Mid rout and worried ber till she fell and w-i.s torn I ) pieces by them. After this the senses of Umslopogaas left him again, and the light went out of bis eyes so that lie was as one dead. At length his mind C3me back to him, and with it his memory, and he remem bered the lioness and looked up to find her. Bat he did not iind her, and he saw that he lay in a cave upon a bed of grass, while all about him were tbe skins of beasts, and at his side was a pot, filled with water. He put out his hand and, taking the pot, drank of the water, and then he saw that kis arm was wasted as with sickness, and that his breast was thick with scars scarcely skinned over. Now, while lie lay and wondered, the mouth of the cove was darkened, and through it come that same lad who bad done battle with the lioness and been overthrown by hsr, bearing a dead back upon his shoulders. Ho put down the back npon the ground, and, walking to where Umslopogaas lay, looked upon him. '0u'.' he said, ' your eyes are open — do you, then, live, stranger ?' 1 1 live,' answered U mslopogaas, 'and lam hungry.' 'It is tine,' said the other, 'since with toil I b ire you here through the forest, . for twelve days yon have lain without sense, drinking water only. So deeply had-thc lion clawed you that I thought of you as dead. Twice I was near to killing you, that you might cease to sufiet aud I to be troubled ; but I held my hand, because of a word which came to me from one who is dead. Now eat, that your strength may return to yoa. Afterwards we will talk.' So Umslopogaas ate, and little by little his strength cime back to him — every . day a little. And afterwards, as they eat at night by the fire in the cave they spoke together. ' How are you named ' asked Um slopogaas of the other. 1 1 am named Galazi the Wolf,' he answered,' ' and I am of Zulu blood — V, of the blood of Ckaka the king ; for the father of Senzmgacona, the father ot boaka, was my great-grand-father.' 1 Whence, then, came you, Galazi 1' 'I came from Swaziland — from the kibe of the Halakaz", which I should rule. This is the story : Siguyana, my grand-father, was a younger brother of benzangacona, the father of Chaka. Bat e quarrelled with Seozigacona, and became a wanderer. With certain of . PeopIc of the Umtetwahe wandered teto Swaziland, and sojonrned with the i 111 their great caves j ana the end of it was that he slew the chief A (i ft'he nnd took his place. After he was dead, my father nued in hig place ; bnt there was a great party in the tribe that hated bis rale because he was of the Zulu race, and it would have set np a chief of the old bwaa blood in his place. Still, they ltd not do this, for my father's hand was heavy on the people. Now, I was toe only son of my father by bis head Wife, and should be chief after him, and therefore thoBe of the SwazLparty, and ney were many and great, bated me ft - "meters stood till last year in tte winter, and then my father wet' shin wrt npon killing twenty of the -head men, with their wives . and children, ecause he knew that : they ; plotted Against him. But the headmenlearqed , what was to come, and they prevailed I Pon a wife of my fattier, 'woMan' of heir own blood,- to .poison him. So she poisoned him in the night, and in the morning it was told me that my father lay sick and summoned me, and I went to my father. In his hut I found him, and he was writhing with pain.' "'What is it, my father f I said. ' Who has done tins evil ?' " ' It is this, my son,' he gasped, 'that I am poisoned, and yonder she stands who has done the deed,' and he pointed to the woman, who stood at the side of the hat near the door, her chin upon her breast, trembling as she looked upon the fruit of her wickedness. ' Now, the girl was yotrag and fair, and we had been friends, yet I say-that I did not pause, for my heart was mad in me. I did not- panBe, bnt, seizing my spear, I ran at her, . and, though she juried fnr niome f tiling Tier anfh flia spear. That was well "done, Galazi !' said my father. 'But when I am gone, look to yonrself, my sod, for these Swazi dogs will drive yon oat and rob yon of yonr place ! Bat if they drive yoa oat and yon yet live, swear this to me — that yon will not rest till yon avenge me.' ' ' I swear it, my father,' I answered. ' I swear that I will stamp the men of tbe tribe of Halakazi flat, every one of them except those of my own blood, and bring their women to slavery and their children to bonds !' " ' Big words for a young mouth,' said my father. ' Yet yon shall live to bring these things about, Galazi. This I know of yon now in my h-iur of death : you shall be a wanderer for the few ysar3 of yoar life, child of Siguyana, and wandering in another land you shall die a man's death, and n it such a death as yonder witch lias given t> mj.' Then having spoken thus, he lifted up his head, looked at me, aud with a great groan he died. 'Now I passed out of the lint drag ging the body of the dead girl after me. In front of the hut were gathered many Madmen waiting for the end, and I saw that their looks were sul'eii. '"The chief, mv father, is dead !"' I cried iu a loud voice, 'and I, Gilazi, who am tbe chief, have s'ain her who mnrderei him,' and rolled the body of tbe girl over on to ber back so that they might look npnn ber face. Now, the father of the girl was among I bore, who stind before me, he who had brought Irer to the deed, aud his heart was maddened at the sight. ' " What, my brothers ?" he cried. " Shad we suffer that this young Zulu dog, this innr b rer of a gi<l, bo chief over us ? Never I The old lion is. dead, now for the cub !' and he ran at me with spear aloft '"Never!" shouod the others, and they, too, ran towards rue, shaking their spears. ' I waited, I did not hasten, for I knew well that I should not die then, I knew it bee-rose of my father's words. I waited till the mm was near me ; he thrust, I sprang- aside- and. drove my spear through him, and on the daughter's body tbe father fell dead. Then I shout id aloud, and rushed through them. None touched ine ; none could catch me; the man dnc3 not live who cin ca'c'i me when my feet are on the ground and I am away,' ' Yet I might try,' said Umslopogias smiling, for of all lads among the Zulu he was the swiftest of foot. ' First walk agaiu.then run,' answered Gal, zi. Take up the tale,' qnolh Umslopo gaas ; it is a merry one.' ' Something is le.ftti tell, stringer. I fled from tbe country of the Halakazi, nor did I linger at all in the land of the Swazis, but came oil swiftly into the Zulu, Now, this was in my mind, that I would go to Chakaand tell him of my wrongs, asking that ho would send an j impi to make an end of the Halakazi. But while I journeyed, finding food and shelter as I might, I came one night to the kraal of an old man who knew Chaka, and bad known Siguyana my grand father, and to him, when I had tarried there two days, I toll my tale.' But the old man counselled me against it, saying that Cbaka, the king, did not love to look ou shoots sprung from the royal stock, and would ki-1 roe ; more over, the man offered me a place in bis kraah Now, I held that there wis wisdom in his words, and thought no mare of standing before the king to cry for justice, for he who cries to kings for justice sometimes finds death. Still, I would not stay in the kraal of the old man. for he bad sons to come after him who 1 >oked on me with no liking ; moreover, 1 would be a chief to myself, even if I lived alone. So I left the kraal by night and walked on, not knowing where 1 should gn. ' Now. on the third night, I came to a little kraal that stands on the farther side of the river at the foot of the mountain?. In front of the kraal sat au old, old woman basking in the rays of tbe setting sun. She saw me, and spoke to me saying, 'Young man, you arc tall and strong and swift of fpot. Would yon earn a famous weapon, a club, that destroys all who took on itT 1 1 said that I wodldfaave such a club, and asked what I slibhld do to win it.' ' You shall do this,' said the old, old woman : ' to-morrow morning, .at, the first light, yon shall go np -to - yonder mountain,' and she pointed to f the mountain where yon are now, stranger, .where the stone Witch sits' for- ever waiting tor _ tbe. -woild to die,. "Two tbirdsref the : way np the mountain yon will .come to a path that is difficult to climb. Yon shall climb the path and eater a gloomy xorest. ti is very dare in the forest-, bnt yobi must pari: through it till you come to an open place with a wallof rockb'hindal. lathe wall of rock is a. cave, aud io the cave you will Gad the bones of a man. < .Bring down the' bones in a bag, and I will give you the club !' . ...... While die spoke thus people came put of the kraal and listeped; l "M ' Da not heed . her, yonng mah/ iihey said, ' unless you are weary of life. : Do not heed her : sheiscrazy. The mountain is hannted;: it is the; ;place of ghosts. Lwk at the atioe Witch who sits npon 1 it ! EvR 'spirits live inthe forest, an3iio man has walked there for many - years.. "Her son was/foolish - ' be went to - walk in. ,the : fprest. Bayipg ,!hat.vhe x<»red . nothing for ghoBhs,-and the JLawlongti, ihe ostlk; kiBed' liim; That was , I many, years go. ftQd uie.Jieye.-fd&red; . to-seek hls hooee. l EversKie .Mts Sore and asks of the passers by that they shonld bring them, offering the great clnb for a reward but they dare not !' They lie!' said the old woman. There are no ghosts there. The ghosts live only in their cowardly hearts ; there are bnt wolves. I know that the bones of my son lie in tbe cave, for I have seen them in a dream ; bnt, alas 1 my old limbs are too weak to carry me np the monntain path, and all these are cowards ; there is no man among them Blnce the Zulus slew my husband, covering him with wonnds !' Now, I listened, saying no word ; bnt when all had done, I asked to see the clnb which should be given to him who dared to face the AiRfli0tu)o, the spirits who lived in the forest npon the Ghost Mountain.' Then the old woman rose, ana creeping ou uer wtuua wcuu into the hat. Presently she returned again, dragging the great clnb after her. : Look on it, stranger 1 look on it 1 Was there ever such a clnb ?' and Galazi . held it np before the eyes of Umslopo- gaas. In truth, my father, that was a club, for I, Mopo, saw iD after days. ' It was great and knotty, black as iron that had been smoked in the fire, and shod with metal that was worn Btnooth with smit ing. I looked at it,' went on Galazi, and I tell you, stranger, a great desire came into my heart to possess it. ' " How is this club named 1" I asked of the old woman. ' ' He is named Watcher of the Fords," she answered, " and he has not watched in vain. Five men have held that club in war and a liundred-and- soventj-and-three have given up their lives beneath its stroke?. He who held it last slew twenty before he was slain himself, for this fortune goes with the club — that he who owns it shrill die holding ir, but in a great fashion, There is but one other weapon to match with it in Z-jluIand, and that is the great axe of Jikizi, the chief of the people ot the Ax", who dwells in the kraal yonder ; the ancient horn-hafted Imbiibuzi, the Groan-Maker, that brings victory. Were axe, Groan- Maker, and clnb, Watcher of the Fords, side by side, there are no thirty men in Zululand who might stand before them. I have said. Choose," and she watched mc cunningly through her horny eyes. ' ' She speaks truly now," said one of those who et . near. " Let the clnb be, young man : he who owns it smites great b'ovs indeed, but in thu end he dies by the assegai. None dare owu the Watcher of the Forde." ' " A good death and a swift !" I answered, and pondered a time, while still the old woman watched me through her hcrny eyes. At length she rose, "La ! lap sue said, " tbe Watcher is not for this one. This one is but a child, 1 must seek me a man, I must seek me a man !"' ' " Not so fist, old wife," I said ; "will you lend mc this c'ub to hold -in my band while I go to find the bones of yours man J to snatch them from the people of the ghosts 1" ' " Lend you the Watcher, boy ! Nay, uay 1 I should see little of you again or ot the good club ei her." ' " I am no thief," answered. " If the ghosts kill me, mayhap you will seo me no more, or tbe club either ; but if t live I will bring you bock the bones, or, if I do not Gad them, I will render the Wa cher into your bands again. At the least I say this, that if you will not lend me the club, then I will not go into the haunt-ad place." ' " Boy, your eyes are honest," she said, still peering at me. " Take tbe Watcher, go seek the bones. If you die, let the club be lost with you ; if you fail, bring bim back to me ; bnt if yon | win the bones, then he is yours, and he shaU bring you glory, and you shall die a great death at last holding bim aloft among tbe dead," ' S i on the morrow at dawn I took the club Watcher in my hand and a little dancing shield, and made ready to atari. The old woman blessed mc and bade me farewell, bat the other people of the kraal mocked, saying : ' A little men for so big a clnb 1 Beware, little man, lest the gbosts use the club ou you!' So they spoke, but one girl in the kraal — she is a granddaughter of the old woman — led me aside, praying me net to gi, for the forest on the Ghost Mountain had an evil name : none dared walk there, since it was certainly full of spirits, who howled like wolves. I thanked the girl, but to the others I said nothing, only I asked of the path t i tbe Gaost Mountain. 'Now, stranger, if you have strength, come to the month of the cave aud look out, for tbe moou is bright.' So Umslopogaas rose and crept through the narrow month of the cave. There, above bim, a great grey peak, shaped like a seated woman, towered high into the air, -her cbin resting upon her breast, the place where the cave was being, as it were, ou the lap of the woman. Below this place the rock raa down sharply, and was clothed with little bushes. Lo wer down yet was a forest, great and dense, that stretched to the lip of a cliff and at the foot of the cliff, beyond tbe waters of the river, lay the wide nlains of Zululand. ' Yonder, etianger,' said Galazi, point ing with the clnb Watcher of the Fords far away to the plain beneath ; 'yonder is the kraal where the aged woman dwe't. There is the cliff rising from the plain, up which I must climb ; there Is the forest where dwelt the Amainngo,' the people of the ghosts ; there, on the hither side of tbe forests runs the path id lane csve, auu ucrc is iiuu vivo i«s«u See this etone lying at tbe mouth of the c&ve;, it turns thus, shutting up the' mouth of the cave— -It turns gently ; though It is so larger a child may move it, for it .rests upon a sharp point of rock. Only this, the stone may not be pushed too far ; for, look 1 if if came to faerc,' and he pointed to a mark in the mouth of the cave, then that man must be strong who can -draw it hack again, though I have dorie tt myself, who am not a man full grown. Bat if it pass bevond this inark: thtin, see. it will roll down the neck of tb cave like a pebble idbwn the neck of -a gourd, and : I think in imdonedraggingfrffcwqthbhtBcarcely could avail to push it-. now, I close the etone, as LiXxTiajl a night, thus he Et andHBMrwJffid n.-nu., which it turned as ar I leave it, and though, except those to whom the secret is known, none would guess that a cave was here," yet with a push of the hand it may be rolled back. Bnt enough of the stone. Enter again, stranger, and I will go forward with my tale, for it is locg and etrange. 'I started from the kraal of the old woman, and the. people of the kraal followed me to tbe brink of the river. It was in flood, and few had dared to cross it. ' Ha ! ha !' they cried, ' now yonr journey isdone, little man ; natch by the ford you who would win the Watcher of the Ford 1 Beat the water with the club, perhaps so it shall grow gentle that your feet may pass it 1' I answered nothing to their mocking, only I bound the shield upon my shoulders with a string, and the bag that I had brought I made fast npon my middle, and I held the great clnb in my teeth by the thong. Then I plunged into the river and swam. Twice, stranger, the carrent bore me under, and those on the bank shouted that I was lost ; but yet I rose'again, and in the end I won the farther shore. Now those on the bank mocked no more ; they stood still wondering', and I walked on till I came to the foot of the cliff. That cliff is bard to climb, stranger; when you are strong upon your feet again, I will show yon the path. Yet I found a way up it, and by midday I came to the forest. Here, on the edge of the forest, I rested awhile, aud ate a little fuod that I had brought with me in the bag, for now Imustgatherup mystreogtb to meet the ghosts, if gho its there were. Then I rose and plunged into the forest. The trees are great that grow there, straoger, and the leaves of tuein are so thick that in cirtain p'ac?s the "light is as that of night wh?n the moon is little. Still, I winded on, often losing my path. But from time to time between thc tops of the trcei I siw the Ggure of the grey stone woman who sits on the top of Ghost Mountain, and shaped my course towards her knees. My heart bo it ae I wended through the forest in dark aod loneliness like that of the night, and ever I 1 loked round searching for the eyes of the Amalongo. But I saw no spirits, though at times great spotted snakes crept from before my feet, and perzhance these were the Amalongo. At times, also, I caught glimpses of some grey wolf as he slunk from tree to tree watching me, and always high above my Ir ad the wind sighed in thegreat boughs like the sighing of women, ' St II, I went on, ringing to myself as I vrcnt, that my heart nT'ght not faint with fear, aod at length, towards the cod of the second hour, the trees grew fewer, the ground sloped upwards, and light poured down from the heavens again. But, stranger, you are weary, and the uiglit weara on ; sleep now, and to-morrow I will end the tale. Say, first, how arc you named !' ' I am named Umslopogaas, son of Mopo,' he answered, ' r.ad my tale shall be told when yours is done ; let us sleep 1' Now, when Galazi hfard his name he s'arted and was troubled, bni taid ? thing. Si thvy laid tbini down to sleep, and Galazi wrapped Umslopogaas with the skins of bucks. But Ga'azi the "Wolf was so hardy that he lay down on the bare rock and had no covering. So they slept, and without the door of the Give the wolves bowled, scenting the blood of men. CHAPTER XIIL GALAZI BECOMES KING OF THE WOLVES. On the morrow Umslopogaas awoke, and knew that strength was growing on him fas'. Still, all that day he rested in the cave, while Galazi weat out to hunt. In the evening he returned, bearing a buck upon his shoulders, and they skinned the buck and ate of it as they eat by the fire. And when the sun was down Galazi took up his tale. ' Now, Umslopogaas, son of Mopo, hear 1 I bad passed the forest, and bad cuin?, a i it were, to the legs of the old stone Witch who sits up aloft there for ever waiting for the world to die. Here the sua shone merrily, here lizards ran and birds flew to and fro, aod though it grew towards the evening — for I had wandered long in the forest — I was afraid no more. So 1 climbed up the steep rock, where little bashes grow like hair on the arms of a man, till at last I came to the knees of the stone Witch, which are the space before the cave. I lifted my head over tbe brink of the rock and looked, and I tell you, Umslopogaas, my blood ran cold and my heart turned to water, for there, before tbe cave, rolled wolves, many and great. Same sl-pt and growled in their eleep, some goawed at the skulls of dead same, some sat up like dogs and their tongues hung from their grinning jaws. I looked, I saw, and beyond I diecivered the mouth of the cave, where the bones of the boy should be. But I liad no wish to come there who was afraid of the wolves, for now I knew that these were the ghosts who Jive upon the mountain. So I bethought me that I would fly, and turned t> go. And, Umslopogaas, even as I turned, the great club Wa'cher of the Fords swung round aud smote me on the back such a b'ow as a man smites upon a coward. Now. whether, this was by chance or whether the Watcher would shame him who bore it, say you, for I do not know. At the least, shame entered into me. Should I go back to be mocked "by tbe people of the kraal and by the old woman ? And if I would go, should- I not be killed by the ghosts at night in the f-ireit ? Nay, it was better to die 'in the jaws of the wolves, and at once. Thus r thnnsht in mv heart : then. tarrying not, lest fear should come upon mB again, T swung np the W etcher, and crying aloud the war-cry of theHalakazi, I sprang over the brink of the rock and rashed "npon the wolves. They, too, sprang up and stood "howling, with bristling hides and fiery eyes, and the smell of them came into my. nostrils- Yet when they, saw it was a nun Jthat rnehed upon them, they were seized with sudden fear and fled this way and that, leaping with great boundsfrom the place of rock, which is the knees hfttie stone Witch, so that presently I stood rione In front of the have. Now, having con- quered the wolf ' ghosts and no blow struck, my heart swelled within me, and J-waUred tq.dh.e -moutii of rtjie cave proudiy, as & cock wa(kji upbu-a, and looked in through tteopenihg. l As jSittaiHei, the sinking -sun shone at t j cave, so that all its darkness was made red with light. Then, once more, Umslopogaas, I grew afraid indeed, for I conld see the end of the cave. 1 Look now 1 There Is a hole in the wall of the cave, where the firelight falls below the shadow of the roof, twice the height of a man from the floor. It is a narrow hole and a high, is it not f — as tkocgh one had cut it with iroD, and a man might ait in it, his legs hanging to wards the floor of the cave. Ay, Umslopogaas, a man might sit in it, might he not i Aud there a man sat, or that which had been a man. There eat the bones of a man, and the black skin had withered on his bones, holding them to gether, and making him awful to see.' His hands were open beside him, he leaned upon them, and in the right hand was a piece of hide from his moocha. It was half eaten, Umslopogaas ; he had eaten it before he died. His eyes also were bound round with a band of leather, as though to hide something from their gaze, one foot was gone, one hung over the edge of the niche towards the floor, and beneath it on the floor lay the blade, of a broken spear. 'Now, come hither, Umslopogaas, place your hand upon the wall of the cave, just here ; it ie smooth, is it not? — smooth as the stones on which women grind their corn. 1 What made it so smooth, !' you aek. I will tell you. ' When I peered through tbe door of the cave I saw this : ou the floor of the cave lay a she- wolf panting, as though she had galloped many a mile ; she was very great and fierce. Near to her was another wolf — he was a dog — old and black, bigger tbau any I have seen, a very father of wolves, and all his head and flanks were streaked with grey. Bat this wolf was on his feet. As I watched he drew back near to the mouth of the cave, then of a sudden hs ran forward and boncded high into the air towards the withered foot of that which hung from the cleft of the r ok. His pads struck upon the rock here where it is smooth, and there for asecond he seemed to clinz, while Ilia great jaws closed with a clash but aspeai's breadth beneath tha dead mail's foot. Then be fell back wiih a howl of rage, aud drew slowly down the cave. Again he ran and leaped, again the great jaws closed, again he fell down bowling. Then the she-wolf arose, and they spring together, strivi-jg to pull him down who sat above. But it was all in va:n ; they could never conio nearer that within a spear's breadth of the dead roan's foot. And now, Umslopo gaas, you know why the rock is smo-ith and shin"?. From month to month and year to year tko wolves had ravened there, seeking to devour the bones uf him who sat above. Night upon night they had leaped thus against the wall of tbe cave, but never might their clash ing jaws c!o?o upon liis foot-. One foot they had, inflect, but the other they might not come by, ' Now, as I watched, filled with fear aud wonder, the she-wolf, her tongue loiling from her jiws, made so mighty a bonod that sbc almost- reached the hanging foot, and yc-t not quite. She fell back, and then I siw that the leap was her last for that time, for she had oversprung herself, and lay there howl ing, the black blood flowing from her mouth. The wolf saw also : he drew near, sniffed at her, til- n, knowing that she was hurt, seized ber by the throat and worried ber. Now all tbe place was filled with groan9 and choking howls, as the wolves rolled over and over beneath him who sat above, and in the bloodred light- of the dying sun the sight and sounds were so horrid that I trembled like a child. The she-wolf grew faint, for the white fangs of her mate wero buried in her throat. Then I saw that now was tbe time to smite bim, lest when he had killed her he should kill me alio. So I lifted the Watcher and sprang into the cave, having it in my mind to slay tbe wolf before he lifted up his head. But he heard my footsteps, or perhaps my shadow fell upon him. Loosing his grip, be looked np, this father of wolves ;thco, making no sound, he sprang straight at my threat. I saw him, and whirling the Watcher aloft, I smote with all my streugth. The blow met him in mid air ; it fell full on his chest and struck him backwards to the earth. But there he would not stay, for, rising before I could smite again, once more he sprang at me. This time I leaped aside and emote dowuwardi, and the blow fell upon bis right leg and broke it, so that he could spring no more. Yet he ran at me on three feet, and, though tbe club fell on his side, he seized me with his teeth, biting through that leather bag, which was wound about my middle, into the flesh behind. Then I yelled with pain and rage, and lifted tbe Watcher end ways, drove it- down with both bands, as a man drives a stake into the earth, and that was so groat a stroke that the skull of the wo'f was scattered like a pot and he fell dead drrgging me down with him. Presently I sat up on - the ground, and, forcing the handle of the Watcher between his jaws, levering them open, freeing my flesh from the grip of his teetb. Then I looked at my wounds; they were not dep, for tbe leather bag bad saved me, yet I feel them to this hour, for there is poison in the mouth of a wolf. Presently I glanced np, and saw that the she-wolf had found her feet again, and Hfcood as though unhurt ; tor this is tbe nature of the ghosts, Umalopogaas, that, though they fight continually,, they cannot destroy each other. They may be killed by man alone, and that hardly. There she istood, and yet she did - not look at me -or ori her dead mate, but at him only; who sat above. I saw, and crept softly behind her, then, lifting the Watcher, 1 dashed hun down with all my strength. The blow felt on her neck and broke it, so that she rolled over and at once was dead: Now I rested awhile, thea went to the mouth of the cave and looked out. The, sun was sinking; all tbe depth of forest was black, hut the lightstill shone on the face of the. stone, woman who sits for ever on the mountain. Here, then, I' must-bide this night, for though the moon shone white and full in the sire, I dare nqt wend -towards the plains alone with the wolves and . the ghosts. And if I dared xiot go alone, how much less should I care to go bearing- with tnehimi Whp sat in the deft, of the rock 1 Nay,_here I : must hide, bo I went out of the cave to the' spring which'' flows from thb'jrock on the ' right of the cave and washed my wonnds and drank. Then X catae htick and eat In the1 month of the cave, and watched the light die away from the face of the world. While it was dying there was silence, hut when it was dead the forest awoke. A wind sprang np and tossed it till the green of its boughs waved like troubled water on which the moon shines saintly. From tbe heart of it, too, came howlings of ghosts and wolves, that were answered by ho wis from the rocks above — hearken, Umslopogaas, such howlings as we hear to-night ! It was awful here in tbe mouth of the cave, for I had not yet learnt the secret of the stone, and if I had learnt it, should I have dared to close it, leaving myself alone with the dead wolves and him whom the wolves had straggled to tear down? I walked oct yonder on to the platform and looked np. The moon shone full upon the face of the stone Witch who sits aloft for ever. The seemed to grin at me, and, oh ! I grew afraid, for now I knew that this was a place of dead men, a place where spirits perch like vultures in a tree,as they sweep ronndand round the world. I went back to the cave, and feeling I must do something lest I should go mad, I drew to me the carcase of the great dog-wolf which I had killed, aod, taking my knife of iron, I began to skin it bv the lie-ht of the moon. For an hour or more I skinned, singing to myself as I worked, and striving to for get him who sat in the cleft above and the howlings which ran abont the mountains. But ever the moonlight shone more clearly into the cave: now by it I could see the shape of his bane and skiu, ay, and even the bandage about his eyes. Why had he tied it there ? I wondered — perhaps to hide the faces of the fierce wolves as they sprang upwards to grip him. And always Fie howlings grew nearer ; now I could see grey forma creeping to and fro in tbe shadows of the rocky plies before m. Ah ! there before rae elarcd two red eyes : a sharp snout sniffed at the circ3se which I skinned. Willi a yell, I lifted the Watcher aud smote. There cime a scream of pain, and something galloped away into the shadows. ' Now theshio was off. I cast it behind me, and seizing the careise dragged it to the edge of the rock and left ir. Presently the howling drew near again ; again I saw the grey shapes creep up one by one. Now they gathered round the carca»e now they felt npon it and rent it, fighting horribly till all was finished. Thin, licking their red chops, they slunk back to the fores'. ' Did I sleep or did I wake ? Nay, I do not know. But I koow this, ihat of a eudden I seemed to look up and see. I saw a light — perchance, Umslopogaas, it was iho light of the moon shining upou him that sat aloft at the end of the cave. It was a red light, aud be glowed in it as glows a thing that is rotten. I lo ked, or seemed to look, and then I thought that the hanging jiw moved, and from it came a voice that was harsh aod hol ow as of one who speaks from ao empty belly, through a withered throat. ' " Hail, Galazi, chill of Siguyana 1" Slid the voice. ' Gilazi the Wolf 1 Say, what dost thou here in the Ghost Mountain, where the stone Witch sits for ever, waiting for the world to die V' 'Then, Umslopogaas, I answered, or seemed to answer, and my voice, too, sounded strange and hollow— ' " Hail, Dead One, who sittest like a vulture on a rock. I do this on the Ghost Monntain. I come to seek thy bones and bear them to thy mother for burial." " Many and many a year have I sat aloft, Galazi," answered the voice, " watching the ghost-wolves leap and leap to drag me down, till tbe rock grew smooth beneath the weariog of their feet. So I sat seven days and nights, being yet alive, tbe hungry wolves below, and hunger gnawing at my heart. Bo I have sat many and many a year, being dead in the heart of the old stone Witch, watching the moon and tbe sua and the stars, hearkening to the howls of the ghost-wolves as they ravened beneath me, and learning of the wisdom of the old witch who sits above in everlasting stone. Yet my mother was young and fair when I trod the haunted forest and climbed the knees of stone. How seems she now, Galazi ?" ' " She is white and wrinkled aod very aged," I answered. "They call hermad, yet at her bidding I came to seek thee, Dead One, bearing the Watcher that was thy father's and shall be mine." "It 6hall be thine, Galazi," raid the voice, " for thou alone hast dared the ghosts to give me sleep and burial. HearkeD, tbine aire shall be the wisdom of the old witch who sits aloft for ever, frozen into everlasting stone — thine and one other's. These are not wolves that thou bast seen, that is no wolf which tbou bast slain ; nay, they are ghosts — evil gbosts of men who lived in ages gone, and who must now live till they be slain of men. And knowest thou how they lived, Galazi, climb to the breasts of the Witch, and look in the cleft which is between her breasts. There shalt thou see how these men lived. And dow this doom is on them : they roust- wander gauiit and hungry in the shape of wolves haunting that Ghost .Mountain where once tbey fed, till they are led forth to die at the bands of men. Because of their devouring hanger have they leaped from year to year, striving to reach my bones ; and be whom tbon hast slain was the king of them, and she at his side was the qneen. Now, Galazi the Wolf, this is the wisdom that I give tbee : thou shalt be king of the ghost-wolves, thou and another, whom a lion shall bring thee. Gird the black skin upon thy shoulders, and the wolves shall follow thee ; all the three hundred aud sixty and three of them that are left, and let hini who shall be brought to thee gird on the sUn of grey. Where ye twain lead them, there shall they raven, bringing you victory till all are slain. But know this, that . there only may they raven where in life they ravened, seeking for their food. Yet, that was an ill gift thou tookeet from my mother —the gift of the Watcher, for though without the Watcher thon badst never slain (lie king of the ghost-wolves, yet, hearing the Watchor, thou shalt thyself beylain. Now, on -the morrow, carry me hack to my mothor, so that I may sleep where the ghost-wolves leap ho more. I faave spoken, Galari." 'Now, the Dead One's voice seemed to grow fainter and more hollow as be spoke, till at the last I eould scarcely hear his words, yet I answered him, asking this of him — 1 " Who is it, then, that the Hon Bhall bring to me to rule with me over the ghost-wolves, and how is he named 1" ' Then the Dead One spoke once more very faintly, yet In the silence of the place I heard his words — 1 " He is named Umslopogaas the Slaughterer, son of Chaka, Lion of ths Zulu." ' Now, when Umslopogaas heard these words he started up from his place by the fire. 1 1 am named Umslopogaas,' he said, ' bnt the Slaughterer I am not named, and I am the son of Mopo and not the son of Chaka, Lion of the Zuln ; you have dreamed a dream, Galazi, or, if it was no dream, then the Dead One lied to you. Perchance this was so, Umslopogaas,' answered Galazi the Wolf. Perhaps I dreamed, or perhaps the Dead One lied ; nevertheless, if he lied In this matter, in other matters he did not lie, as yon shall hear. After I had heard these words, or had dreamed that I beard them, I slept indeed, and when I woke the forest beneath was like the clouds for mist, out tne grey lignt glinted upon the face of her who sits in stone above. Now, I remembered the dream that I had dreamed, and that I would see if it was all a dream. So I rose, and, leaving the cave, found a place where I might climb up to the breasts and head of tbe stone Witch. I climbed, and as I climbed the rays of the sun lit upon her face, and I rejoiced to see them. Bat, when I drew near, the likeness of the face of a woman faded away, and I saw nothing before me but rugged heaps of piled-up rick. For this, Umslopogaas, is the way of witches, be they of stone or fl-.-sh— when you drew near to tbem they change their shape. Now I was on the breast of the mountain, and wandered to aud fro awhile between great heaps of stone. At length I found, as it were, a crack in the stone thrice as wide as a man may jnmp, and in length the half a spear's throw, and near this crack stood great stones blackened by fire, and beneath them broken pots and a kuife of flint. I looked down into the crack — it was very deep, and green with moss, and tall ferns grew about in it, for the damp gathered here. There was nothing else. I had dreamed a lying dream. I turned to go, then found another mind, and climbed down into the cleft, pushing aaide the ferns. Beneath the ferus was moss ; I scraped it awav with the Watcher. Presently the iron of the club struck on some-king that was yellow and like a stone, and from the yellow thing camo a hollow sound. I lifted it, Umslopogaas ; it was tbe skull of a child. 1 1 dag deeper and scraped away more moss ; presently I saw. Beneath the moss was nothing but tbe bones of men —old bones that had lain (here many years ; the little ones had rotted, the large ones remained — some were yellow, some black, and others yet whit?. They were not broken, as are those that hyenas and wolves have worried, yet on some of them I could see the marks of teeth. Then, Umslopogaas, I went back to tbe cave, never loaking behind me. ' Now, when I was coming to the cave I did this: I skinned the she-wolf also. When I had dune thesun was up, and I knew that it was time to go. But £ must not go alone — hs who sat aloft in the cleft of the cavc mastgo with me. I feared greatly to touch him — this Dead One, who had spoken to me in a dream ; yet I must do it. So Ibrouabt stones and piled them up till I could reach bim ; then I lifted bim down, for he was very light, being but Fkin and bones. When he was down I bound the hides of the wolves abont mo, then leaving the leather bag, into which he conld not enter, I took tbe Dead One and placed him on my shoulders as a man might carry a ch'Id, for his legs were fixed somewhat apart, and holding him by that foot which was left on him, I set oat for the kraal. Down the elope I went as swiftly as I could, for now I kuew the way, seeing and hear ing nothing, except once, when there came a rush of wings, and a great eagle swept down at that which sat- upon my shoulders. I shouted, and the eagle flew away, then I entered the dark of the forest. Here I must walk softly, lest the head of him I carried should strike against the boughs aud be smitten from him. For a while I went on thus, till I drew near to the heart of the forest-. Then I heard a wolf howl on my right, and from the left came answering howls, and these, again, were answered by others in front and behind me. I walked on boldly, for I dared not stay, guiding myself by the sun, which from time to time shone down on me redly through' the bows of tbe great trees. Now I could see forms grey and black slinking near my patb, sniffing at the air as they went, and now I came to an open place, and, behold ! all the wolves in the world were gathered together there. My heart melted, my legs trembled beneath me. On every side were the brutes, great and hnngry. I stood still, with club aloft, and slowly they crept up, muttering and growling as they came, till they formed a deep circle round me. Yet they did not spring on me, only drew nearer aud ever nearer. Presently one sprang, indeed, but not at me ; he sprang at that which sat upou my shoulders. I moved aside, and he missed his aim, and, coming to the ground again, stood there growling and whining like a beast afraid. Then I remembered the words of my dream, if dream it were, haw that the Dead One had given me wisdom that 1 should be Ring ot tbe gnost-woives — I and another whom the lion shoald bear to me. Was it not so 1 If it was not so, how came it that the wolves did not devour me ? For a moment I stood thinking, then I lifted up my voice and howled like a wolf, and lo ! Umslopogaas, all the -wolves howled in answer with a mighty howling. I stretched out my hand and called to them. Tbey ran to me, gathering round me as though to devour me. . But the? did hot devour me ; they Ucked my legs with their red tongae, and fighting to come hear me, pressed themselves against me as does a cat. One, indeed, snatched, at him who sat on my shoulder, fant l struck Mm with the Watcher and he elunk hack like, a whipped hound;, moreover, the others fait him so that he yelled. Now, I knew that I had »o more to fear, for I.waa'iking of the gho3t-wolves, po I walked on, and with me came allthegreaq pack of them. I walked on and on and they trotted beside me silently, and the fallen leaves crackled beneath their feet, and the dust rose up abont them, till at length I came to the edge of the forest. 'Now, 1 remembered that I must not be seen tints of men, lest they should think me a wizard and kill me. There fore, at the edge of the forest I halted and made signs to the wolves to go back. At this they howled piteously, as though in grief, hut I called to them that I wonld come again and be their king, and it seemed as though their brnte hearts understood my words. Then they all went, still howling, till presently I was alone. And now, Umslopogaas, it is time to sleep ; to-morrow night I will end my tale' (To be continual.) 