MELBOURNE NOTES. WHAT WE ARE DOING. What We Intend to Do. GENERAL GOSSIP. (By ' Self-defence.') After a hurried trip to Sydney, I arrived in Melbourne on Saturday, and tho funniest thing in the world was my dropping across tho roportor's cabman— Jack Hughes is tho only man that drives us. Asking what had occurred whilo I was away, Jack told me thore was tall talk about fighting matters. Charley Taylor, Billy Curran, and overybody elso are trying to out-Herod Herod in the way of box iug. I had no sooner got back than I had to go to ouo or- two fights. Tho first was at Curran's Gymnasium, Where the patrons of the sport turned up in force to witness a capital programmo preparod by Mr. W. B. Curran. During the evening Mr. W. R. Virgoe acted as referee, and the following is a brief account of the night's sport : — The first pair to toe the mark were Mick M'Guire and Stan. lOsborne, -who went to make things willing for oaoh other four rouuds. The mill was a very spirited one right through, and resulted iu a win for M'Guire. These lads had scarcely left the ring when Nippor M'Shano and Gibbs, both of Port Melbourne, went in to troat the on lookers to a very quick four rounds. At the end of two rounds, however, Gibbs scored a decided victory, Mr. Virgoe complimenting him on his performance. Anothor littlo tit-bit was provided whon Alex. Webb and Dennie M'Shane started to knock chips off eaoh other. Everybody fancied that M Shane hadabigshow of knock ing Wobb out, and so he did, as at the end of the second round Webb told overybody he had had enough ; his facial expression when he cried a quit was something to be remembered, I shall iiover forget it. Mons. Victor's boy Kerr made a big break j ho beat Jack M'Shano in one round, and what sort of a show did heaniake of him p M'Shane was nover in it. The wind-up of the evening wns botwoen Anthony and Williams. We ex pocted this to bo a vory good fight, bnt wo niust admit we were disappointed. Williams had matters all his own way from the start, and Anthony was nevor in it. Noither of them has a ghost of a show with Tim Hegarty. RoTAi* Athletic Hall On Saturday night Cl-arley Taylor opened the above hall, and a terriblo up-hill game it was. Boxing in external halls is difficult to make a success of just now, but Costollo s old trainer has happened to catch the bull by the horns. . ?. ., . ? What will the sporting public think of this? Friday undertook to stop Jimmy Murphy in eight rounds. He did not stop him — ho got stopped himself. To my mind, Friday seems very much off, and Jim Murphy appears to be taking a lot of care of himself, and will probably knock the stuffing out of most boys his own weight directly. When I was over ill Sydney I wns tho roughly stuffed up with the fight between Val Flood and Jim Ryan. I was very pleased to see Jim in good lottle and working hard. I was torribly disappointed when I wont up to Windsor to try and find Flood, and found he never had boon there. Of course I came to tho conclusion that Ryan and Flood wouldn't figlit, and I came back to Mel bourne. Judge of my surprise when I saw him in all his war-paint here. ' I thought you were going to fight Ryan, Flood?' ??'.?'? ' So did I, bntthere was no money in it.' ' Why did you fool the Sydney people ?'?' 'Why did they fool mo?' I can't quits understand why Flood has come back without fighting Ryan ; his action will not make many friends for him here. Melbourne sports have thoir own ideas of Ryan's fighting, but thoy must sympathise with him through Flood s fooling. It is one of 'the biggest surprises that I have bad during my four .years' experience in Mel bourne whon I saw Val Flood on Saturday, t was hot tho only one surprised. I'll know more of his business before next issue. / Middle-weight Championship. . I am sorry Dan Creedon is messod about so much as he ib. He is ready and willing to fight any middlo- weight in the world. Miok Dooley told me the other day, win or lose with Costollo, ho would fight Creedon for JJIOO aside. Well, I told Creedon this, and directly the Referee: guarantees the .£100 Creodon will novor it. . Let the Sydney people make no mistako, Dan Oreedon will go and fight Dooloy for all the money he can find, provided that Miok will scale 12st or under, the men to weigh at noon on tho day of tho. contest. Dan ain't a. chump, but he's going to' give nothing away. He's got .£1000 behind Iiim to. fight Dooloy at 12st but any purso offered in Sydney must be through the Rsferee. ? 