' Literary Lines: Mr. Bret Hnrto has j nst flnishod a now story, , milled "Solly Dews." . A seoond edition 'of "Sir' George" Grey's Lifo " is how in preparation, lihd it would not bo'snrprlslng If a third Were hooded. . Mr.. Rndyotd Kipling lias iiot completed the oirouit of tho globe. As his loiters ' in the Tinui showed, ho get as far lis Japan, hut ho has again returned to too United States. Hit future movements aro at present uncertain. It was reported, tho otlior day that Mr. Rudvard Kipling was. to mako his future homo in Amorioa. It is now stated that ho lias secured the nrphitcot's plans for his cottage near Brattloborough. .It will cost £2,000, and too work of oroetlng it will bo proooedod with next winter. On toe recommendation of Mr. Balfour the Queen has granted a pension of £60 por annuin from toe olvil list to Sirs. Oiishel Hoby (wifo of the Into secretary to too Viotoriau Agenoy- Genoral), whoso merits as author and journalist aro thoroughly recognised by the literary pro fession and too publio at large. Mr. William Blaok, toe novelist, acoording to "Sola's Journal," alms at writing two novels a year, and Is never so happy as when he is on the sea. or near too sen. When at work he loves intense quiot, and cannot bear the slightest noise. For this reason he always seleots a room at toe top of too houso as his Btudy. A prizo of £60— oho of too prlnoipnl prizes of tho National Eisteddfod of Wales— bits been awardod to Mr. Charles Ashton, polioemaa, Dinas Mawddy, Merionethshire, for too "best unpublished work of original research in uny branoh of Welsh literature." Mr. Ashtou's prizo essay took tho form of a " Bibliography of Welsh Literature from 1801-1890," and was highly comniondcd by Professor Rhys, of Oxford. A vory important art publication will ha iBsuod by Messrs. Lawrence and Bulleu early iu Ootobcr. This is the " Tho Works of Master Francis Rabelais " (Urqubart's and Mottoux's translation), with illustrations by M. Ohalon. Tho ordinary edition — with 16 plates— will oonsist of 760 numbered copies for England and 260 for Amerioa ; and toore will also be on edition of 210 copieB ou Japanese vellum, with two additional plates. Tho latter is published at six guineas net, and toe copies have nearly all hoen subscribed for. Mrs. General Booth's forthcoming "Lifo" will bo an iU'istration of what may ho oslled biography up to dato. During the last days of her illness tho "mothor of tho Balvution Army " conversed much with her family upon religious matters. Although too bocfy was crushed by a cruel disease, the mind remainod clear, ono might say brilliant, almost to tho last. It was desirable to preserve some record of what Mtb. Booth said, but to do this from memory was not possible. So, unknown to her, out of her sight, a shorthand writer took down hor words from timo to time. Substantially, therefore,, her deato-hed conversations exist in full,, and thoy are given iu her biography. Each of tho throe volumes will ho full of in terest,; the last ono will ho singularly patoetio reading. Mr. R. L. Stovonsou's continued preetooo in Samoa servos to keep that lovely hut troublo- somo little group more to too front toon a score of consular hluo-books. Tho novelist has recently donned too mantlo of too historian, and has published a pamphlet in whioh he tells with all liia aooustomea oh, arm of stylo too recent history of tho island, whioh ho says is one of "rapaoify, intrigue, and the triumph of temper." Ho dopiota somo of the loading per sonages as sharply oa if they figured in ono of his romances. Captain Brandeis is referred to as "breathing hurry and dealing blows," whilo tho American Commodore O'Loary is montioned as " an artist in mieohief." Matoafa is presented in agreeable guiso. Nevertheless Mr. Stevenson cannot Conceal - too strangely comio elements in the Samoan situation. In the introduction to his forthcoming "Dictionary of Australasian, Biography," Mr. Philip Monnell says : "I have often haa occa sion to remark ou the limited knowledge whioh the publio men of one colony possess of the public men of another, and in a ported whioh has produoed the ' Commonwealth of Austral asia Bill,' I may perhaps ho excused for endeavouring to contribute my mite towards tho extension of that intercommunity of knowledge which is to a largo extent too necessary condi tion precedent to intercommunity of sympathy and action. Not only has tho federal feeling in Australasia witnessed a wonderful growth of recent yeafs, hut the interest iu aud aoslre for knowledge ubont the Australasian colonies has been quickened to at least an equal extent of too centre of too empire." Noarly 2,000 biographies of living and dead Australasian worthieo ore given in too diotionaxy. Tho Rev. Charles Kelly, a Leeds paper states, has discovered some valuable manu script whioh contain too original copies of too mnaf. ATnninitA Tivmrm written hv Charles Wesley and other members of a family largely I gifted with poetio gonitis. Several .volumes were found the otoor day in the Methodist book-room, and it may be that after careful sifting some hymns may bo there that havo not yet boen printed. Tho handwriting is in the well known, oleor, neat stylo of tho poet, and lovers of Methodist relics will bo delighted to have a look at suoh compositions as, " Lo 1 On a Narrow Neck of Land," and "Come, Holy Ghost, our Hearts Inspire." It is supposed too doonments wore purchased by the lato Thomas Jackson from Charles Wesley, jun. This is not toe first discovery made by Mr. Kelly. Not long ago ho found the acoount- book in whioh apo recorded, with John Wes ley's signatures, several payments ho hod mode in connection with too book-room. Weslcyon relics have been recently increased, and Methodist visitors to London will find it worth their while to spend a fow hours at toe hook- room, where there is an accumulation of treasures hearing on tho eighteenth oontury revival. Among too reoent additions to the Louvre Museum are a fine bas-relief portrait, in bronze, of Fopo Julius n., whioh is attributed to Franoia, and a Venetian statuotte, also in bronze. The latter stands about 16 inches high, and represents a mole figure with its right arm bent forward, as if in too act of wielding a weapon. It is admirably modolled, and is pronounced by 'oompotent authorities to ho a masterpiece of too heat period of toe Renaissance. Some mystery is attached to its ooqnisition, and it soomfltjiat four high officials, as well as M. Bourgeois, wore concern© d in the negotiations for too purohasa. Tho statuette is temporarily placed in too privato room of M. Saglio, tho custodian of tho oolleotion. 