THE BUCK LADY OP ' \ DARMSTADT. ; AN HISTORICAL ONOflAv TTHE CoarU of Oermniy and Aiiitrla i w bou» boat ot legendary lady If apoctros who, whon woo fa to befall tho princely houae In queatlen, make thoir I appearance at the hour of midnight, before eo.ne. .lenlincl ot ofTicer on duty, their apjicaratico atriking terror and dl.may among tho inm.tce of tbo. polaw, olid porbapa bo.teninB tho death of tho princely «r«r- , «!o havt, II, th, Hr.t In.tance, th. White » ef the old P.l.ce it Berlin, who km .aid to have made her laet appear ance on the eve ol the late Emperor Fk.Ii- rick, death; and her hameanke, of liio Vienna hofburB, wiio, InlleVeVe llanntcd tho pataco duriny .overnl night, at tho very time when the '.-.Mining Archduke" may have periahtd. But a number of minor German _ achlosae — not to mention the paluce, el Prague and Huda-PMth-alao hoaat a traditional lady uprctre, cither black or wliito, and In ono or two initancei red ; as, for in i Line e, the " Nymphenburg-Frau " at the julace of Munich, the discarded rail- trcia of Karl Theodore, Elector of Bavaria and murdeicaa of her own child ; aud the mnMrndL81"11 tbe Cuu" The "Hlack Lady of Darriiudt1 wUi lawfuHy bom Princess, and tha wedded con sort of A reigning Princo, being Princess Marlaune, the wife of the Grand Duke Fsrdi- nand Mafia, Slit always, we ore told, appears In deep mourning, and is reputed to bospeak woe U> the grand ducal house of Hesse In particular, bus also to tho allied Royal one of Bavaria. A young and daring officer o! the grin dlera once prayed the (Stand Dake Ludwlg L to bo permitted tcr stand santry at tha Court ('".pel. "If it be no truo ghost," he remarked, "I will cure the Indiridual of tho desire to haunt" The prayer wu granted, with therequcat that, If theabectrt raTuaed to atend when chillongedi the ; officer ' waa to tiro upon it. Tha Brand Duke blmeeir and ,oine courtier in due courts repaired to the vestry of tba chapel, whence a view could be obtained of the courtyard, and the path which the ghoitly object wu laid to take. Hie weird hour of midnight approached. Fremntly the chapel bell struck the hour, and hardly had the hut chime died away before a loud " Halt !" rang out upon tho atill night, followed Inatantly by the report of a gun. The Grand puka and his attendants hurried framthalr mdiog ijJaco In the courtyard, where thay round the bold soldier stiff end dead. Ha had not a single outward sign of injury, hut the barrel of the gun by hla side wae rant from the stock, and the former twisted like a corkscrew. Singular to relate, within three daye Ludwlg L himself lay nowpte in the Ducal Hall About the year 1850 Queen Thereee of Havana died most suddenly, and even in the highest oirclee mention woa shudder- tngly made of the spectre that made its appearance just before her death. King Ludwig, ber consort, woe SDendltur wio suuiuer In the company of Queen Theresc. at his castle of Archaffen- berg, .whither alio their Majesties' son-in- law, Grand puke Ludwig ILL, ef Heese- Darmstadt, had been invited, when ono evening at dusk, just _ as the princely company were Uklng tee in the gayest of spirits, there suddenly ap|ieared— en those present aver— behind the chair of the Queen alndyin deep mourning, who,' having fixed her glassy eyes upon her majesty, retired through. the mile- chamber. The Grand Duke immediately hastened after the tuysterloue Visitor, and iu an angry voice demanded I of the officer on duty by the door how | he dared to permit attangers to enter unannounced and at that hour. The latter declared that no living huraau being had entered, oither the ante-ohauiber or tho royal tafoun. Horror stricken, the Duke returucdlo the company, when bo wot com pelled, much against, hia wish, to relate the story. Having heard It, Queen Thorcie rose . ,fror® end exclaimed. ' That la intended for mo!" The royal party returned llicrtly alter to tho capltel, where tho cholera iiad -raged during the summer, bullied thsn dlsapjieared. lo efew days the unhappy Queen fell a victim to the terrible scourge. Again, iu tho early days of March, 1864, tlie 44 BUok Lady " figured In a 'mysterious occurrence at the |ial«de of Darmstadt, which, through subsequent event#, created an immense sensation in. Germany. The Life Guards officer on duty had, at the hour of midnight, commenced his nightly round of inspection of tho sentries, when suddenly; In one of. the corridors, ho beheld a lady dressed, in black coming from the apartments occupied by Countess Fuger, a lady of the court. ; He saw her distioctly go poet the grand staircsso, at night the only exit to the '.chapel couriyara. Believing tuat she was raakiaga mistake, the offioercalledtohor that sufi could only get out that way to reach her carriage. But without flaying the slightest heed the lady continued her way toward the . chapel. stairs. Quickly, the officer hastened alter her, but she disappeared in the gloom. , Then, in the belief that it might be some one with felonious Intent, ho ' shouted' to the I sentry on guard at the bottom of the atalre, | "Arrest her himself descending quickly. i.JJut there woe nobody, end the man i emphatically declared that no one . had passed him. Two , days later the nawa I spread tike wildfire throughout Germany ! that King Maximilian .II. of Uavaria had : suddenly been taken dangerously ill, He had returned in excellent health from hie usual ride, and waa just dressing for dinner whon he wan seized with cramp. And in a few hodrs he was dead. HOW GOLD WAS DISCOVERED IN AUSTRALIA. Nooneeuipoated that Australia was rioh in gold until after the pracious metal had .been found in California.. Among the thousand! who flocked to the Pacific coast from ull part of the world (n ..search of fortune and adventure wae Edward Her- graves. His home was in the 'dUtriot of Conobolas. about thirtv ' miles west of Buthurst, Australia.' He had only moderate eucces# in California and determined to return home.. . Tn the course of hfs .mining operations he hod noticed a strong similarity set ween the rook formations of the gold dfstriote west of the Rocky Mountains and those of this neighbourhood fn whlch he had been brought np: lb ooourred to him 'that the j precious metal might be found in Australia, j and as soon as ho reached home be began a careful investigation of the soil in the vicinity of Conobnlas. The experience he had gained in California proved of great value to him, and after digging for a month or two he discovered a quantity of gold. This, .was in 1851. The Colonial 'Govern ment gave him a reward and made him Commissioner to the Crown lands. When the news of hie good fortune became generally known the whole of New South \\\ ales was in a ferment of exoitemont. Everybody sought for gold. The fever spread to other provinces and gold .was dis covered in many looalitiea. A native In the service of Dr. Kerr of AYallawa while tend ing sheep found a moss of solid gold in a heap of quarts. Three blooks of quartz tulcen from a creek fifty miles north of Bathursb contained £4,000 worth. of gold. Among the big lump of pure gold found wore the " Victoria nugget," weighing 340 ounces, and tho" Welcome nugget,1' weigh ing 202 ounces. Another solid piece of 'virgin gold weighed 106 pounds. The abundence of tho metal may bo realised when ifa is said that in November, 1856, the ships James Balnea and Lightning alone brought to England from Molbourne £1,800,000 worth. 11 If It wasn't for whiskey," remarked tho co.k, " I would not be hero In the jug." ' 