HOW GHOST STORIES GROW. The Pall Mall Budget gives an extract from Messrs. Maskelyue and Weatherly's interesting littlebook on ghostly pheno mena to showimwghost Btories grow Ffptn the disonesion of dreams Dr. Weatherly proceeds to a consideration of ghosts and ghost stories.. As thus. Sonje years ago. in an article contributed to the Nineteenth Century, there appeared the fol lowing story, communicated to the writers by Sir Edmund Hornby, the late Chief Judge of the Consular Court of China and Japan:— "ft was his habit to allow reporters to come to bis house in the evening to get his written Judgment for the next day's paper. . . . One. evening, having gone to bed and to sleep, he was awakened soon by a ran at the door, which, when he took no notice, was repeated. In reply to his call, 'Come in,' the reporter solemnly entered, and asked for his judgment Thereupon ensued a dialogue between Sir E. Hornby—who referred him again and again to the butler, protesting against the unwarrantable intrusion—and the reporter, who '^persisted in' bis earnest request for his judgment Impressed at; last by his -solemn earnestness, and fearful d| awakening his wife {who had slept soundly ' ddnng all the energetic ani ' lated diidojpne),.,Sjr Edmund gave him the "'the jifflgment,;which he appeared to down.wworthand, after which he ~dedfor .hie intrusion and'Withdrew, When Lady .—..-/hwffltefk she did immediately, the jWfta i-elated to.her. Nekt vtopd^rftdmurid'entered the court the iej; annpfmcedfohimthe sudden deam'nf. i tepottfer; some time between l and half it L. The eause of death; as ascertained by a formal inquest, was heart disease. The i>oor man had not left his house the night before." • H ere is a very interestinggliost story—credit able alike to the narrator (or inventor) and to the conscientious reporter, who, in prefer ence to standing before Minos, asked for his "judgment" at the hands of Chief Justice Hornby. Hut what about the sequel ? Some months afterwards the editor of the North China Herald submitted the following re marks to the attention of Mr. Knowles 1\. Sir Edmund Hornby Bays Lady Hornby was with him at the time, and subsequently awoke. I reply, 110 such person wos in ex istence. Sir Edmund's second wife had died two years previously, and he did not marry again till three months after the event he re lates. 2\. Sir Edmund mentions an inquest on the body. I reply, 011 the authority of the coroner, that no such inquest was ever held. 3\. Sir Edmund's story turns upon the judg ment of a certain case, which was to be de livered next day, the 20th of January, 1875. There is no record of any such judgment in the Supreme Court and Consular Gazette, of which 1 am now editor. 4\. Sir Edmund says that the reporter died at 1 in the morning. This is wholly in accurate ; he died between 8 and 9 a.m., after a good night's rest. Let us hope that Mr. Stead's ghost stories have a more solid foundation in fact than this, which appeared in the august pages of the Nineteenth Century. According to Dr. Weatherly, all phantasms are subjective, with, of course, the one exception of those caused by deception and trickery. DECEPTION AND TRICKERY. " Deception and trickery" are fully dis cussed in the chapter which Mr. Maskelyne contributes to the book now before us. He devotes a section to Oriental jugglery—of which, speaking as a professional, he has but a poor opinion—describing at some length what are known as the " mango tree " and j the " basket" tricks. Concerning the latter Mr. Maskelyne writes as follows " The basket used is a common, rough, wicker affair, so closely woven, however, that it cannot l>e seen through. It is almost spherical in shape, and nas a narrow mouth, just large enough to allow the en trance of the juvenile who is apparently spirited away. The little boy or girl, as the case may be, is produced by the performer and promptly blindfolded, ostensibly with the view of shutting out from his or her view the awful doom which is imminent, but in reality it is more to blind the eyes of the spec tator than those of the subject. The child ] thus prepared is placed in the basket, > where it coils itself, head and heels to-1 gether, around the inner periphery of the ] basket. In this position it is invisible to anyone looking in through the narrow opening which forms the mouth of the receptacle. Then the plav begins. The sword is thrust through the basket again mid again, the performer usually concluding bis operations by jumping into the basket and trampling, supposedly, on its occupant. Knowing the position assumed by the child, however, one sees that it is not possible to do any damage by that means. This crime having been committed, the basket iB turned up and shown to be empty—so far as one can see. At this juncture the performer leaves no time for anyone tosuggest an examination. Another little child, often a twin brother or sisterof thesubject, who has been lying perdu round the comer, arrives on the scene, and is passed off as die one operated upon. The donations are then collected as quickly as 1 possible, the traps collected together, and the performers vacate the scene of their exploits with all available expedition. Wonderful, is it not? And the blood! 1 Well, well, I think you or I, reader, could manage that Our raconteurs don't usually tn^ jvjty microscope." 