CHAPTER II-Moi'o is IKTROUJILE. ' Now, 1 must tell how my mother did what the boy Chaka had told her, and died quickly. For where his stick had struck her on the forehead there came a sore that would not be healed, and' in the sore grew an abscess, and the abscess ate inwards, till it came to the brain. ' ¡Then my mother fell down and died,' and I 'cried Tory much, for I, loved her'' and it was dreadful to Bee her cold and stiff, 'with riot a word; 'to; .say/fcoweTeV much 1 called her.- - Wellithey buried ' my mother, and she was soon forgotten: ' I only remem- bered her, nobody else did-not even Baleka, for she was too little-and as for. my father he' took 'another young wife, and was con- tent. "After ' that I was very, unhappy, for my brothers did : not lové - me, because I was stronger and taller than they, and had greater., skill ;.;With- the assegai,. and ' was swifter in running ;. BO - they poisoned the ' mind of my father against me and he treated nie badly. But Baleka and I loved each other, for we were both lonely,'and she . clung to me like a ; creeper to the only tree in .a. plain, and I,-though-I was young, learned thisrthat tobe wise is to be strong; for though' he.'wh'o holds the aBsegai kills, yet, he [whose 'mind, 'directs tho battle ; is . greater than he,who kills.', . Vow, I saw, that the witch-finders and. medicine-men were , feared in the land, and that all people looked up to them,, so that, even;«when:they had only a stick in their hands, ten. men armed with spears would fly before them. /There- fore .1, determined that. I .woïild ' be à. witch doctor, for they; alone can slay those they bate/with a word. So I learned the arts of the mediciqe-meii. I made sacrifices, I fasted in the veldt alone, I did all'those things of which you have heard,- and I learned much ; for there is wisdom 'in our magic its well; as lies-arid you know it, my father; else you had not come here io ask me' of your, lost 'oxen.''r'in.- i- .si;:-.'--.s.¡ . ?.: nr. ....;<, i - i Sp ,things went on till I was twenty-years b£ age-a man full grown..'' Bút'nOw'T had leárnedjáll I could learn öf : myself, .'so I joined'my8elf on to the .chief medicine-man of our. tribo,. who .'was-named; Norna. He was old,'-had ono eye only, and was very clever.' ' Of him I', learned some tricks and more wisdom, but at.last ho grew jealous of mo and ' set a trap, .to . catch- mo. As it chanced, a big man'of a neighbouring tribe had lost somo cattle, and came with gifts to Norna praying him to smell them out. Norna tried-.and . could ; not lind , thom; -his' vision failed him. . Then the headman' grew angry and demanded back his gifts; but Norna would ' not give up 'that which he once had held, and hbt words .passed.-;. Tho .headman said that ,be would mil'Norna;: Norna'said' that he would bewitch4 the headman. I Í ' Peace,' I .soid, for I'feared that blood would be shed. : 'Peaco, and let me see. if my-snake will tell me wbére the cattle' aro ?' i \ '.You are nothing but ' a boy,' answered the headman. "? ' Can a boy. have wisdom ?'.- V : That Bliall aoon be known,' I said, taking tho bones in my hand. - - . ; ' Leave the bones alone 1' screamed Norna; .' We will'; aàk nothing mora bf our snakes for.tho good of this 'son of a dog.' \ ' He shall throw;the boñes,' ans'wered thè headman. 'If'you'try to stop him 1 will let sunshine through you with my assegai,' and he lif ted his spear. "r » ; Then I made haste¡ to" begin ; ,1 threw the, bones. '; The headman' sat on the ground before «me and answered my questions. You know of these ' matte'rs, my father how ;sometimes. the witch-doctor has know- ledge, of where the lost, things are, for bur. ears are long, and sometimes his Ehlosó tells him, ns but tho other day it told me of your oxen. ''Wail, in this 'case, my snake stood up. ;I knew, nothing, of the ,man's cattle, but my Spirit was with me, and soon I saw them all, and told thom to him one by one,* their color, their age- everything. : I told him, too, where they, were, and how one of them had fallen into a stream and lay there on its back drowned, with its forefoot caught Lin "a forked root." "As my 'Ehlosó told me, BO I told the headman. ' . '-: '.?.??'.,-'" . ? Now, the man was much pleased, and said that iE my sight was good, and he found the cattle, the gifts should be taken from Norna aiid given tb me; and he asked the people who were sitting round, pf whom there were ninny, if this was not just. ' ' Tes, yes,' they said, it was just, and they- would see that it was done. But Norna sat still and looked at me evilly. He knew that. I had made a true divination,' and he was very angry. . It was a big matter ; the herd of entitle were many, and, if they were found where I had said; then. all men would hold mo-tho greater wizard. Noir it was late; and the moon had not yet risen, therefore tho headman said he would sleep tho night in our kraal, and at tho first light would go with mo to. tho Bpot where my snake said the cattle were. After that he went away. f. I, too; went into my h ut, and lay down to sleep. . Suddenly I awoke, feeling a weight upon my breast. I tried to start up, but something cold pricked my throat, I fell back again and looked. The door of the hut was open, the moon lay low on tho sky like a ball of fire far away. I could see it through the door, and its light crept into the hut: It fell upon the face of Koma, the witch-doctor. He was seated across me, glaring at me with his one eye, and in his hand was a knife. It was that which I had felt prick my throat. . ' You whelp whom I have bred up to tear me !" he hissed into my ear, ' you dared to divine what 1 failed, did you ? Very well, 'now I will.show you howl serve such puppies. ' Pint,- I will pierce through the roots of your tongue, so that you cannot squeal, then I will cut you to pieces slowly, bit by bit, and in the morning I will tell the people that the spirits did- it because you lied. Nest, I will take off your arms and legs. Yes, yes, I will make you like a stick ! Then I will-' .And ho began driving in the knife under my chin. 'Mercy, my uncle,' I said, for I was frightened and the , knife hurt. ' Have mercy and I will do whatever you will !* ' Will you do this?' he asked, still prick- ing mo with the knife. ' Will" you get up, .go find the dog's cattle, and drive them to a certain place, and hide them there V and he named u secret valley that was known to yéry few. ' If you do that, I will spare you and give you three of the cows. If you refuse or play me false, then, by my father's spirit I will lind a way to kill you !' . ' Certainly I will do it; my uncle,' I answered;' 'Why did you' not trust me before ? Had I known that .you wanted to keep the cattle, I would ? never ' have smelt them out.: I only did;so .fearing lest you should lose the presents.' ¡.Toa' are not so wicked as I thought, he growled. * .' Q-et up," then, arid do my- bid- ding. You cun be back here two hours after dawn.'. ' " So I got up, thinking all':the while if I should try to spring on him. , But I was without arms, and!he had the knife; also,if, perchance, I had prevailed and killed him, itj would1 have ? been - thought that I had murdered him, and should haye tasted the assegai. SoI made another plan. I would go and find the cattle in tho valley where I had smelt them out, but'T would' not bring them tri the secret hiding-place.' .No ;' I would drive them 'straight to' the kraal, and denounce Norna before the.chief, my father, ;and ali; the people.;1 'But I was young'in thoBe days, and did not know all the heart of Norna..??. He had not been'a witch-doctor till he 'grew old for'nothibg' Oh ! he was evil !---ne'was cunning àB a jackal, and fierce as a lion. ' He had.planted me by him likea tree, but he meant.to keep me clipped likea ?bush.'- Now 'I had grown' tall and- over- shadowed him, and therefore he would root me up. ,...:!'-.';' ; - .. , , II went to the corner, of my hut, Norna watching me all the while, and took a kerrie and a small shield; " Then I started through the moonlight. ..Till; I.Was/past thelkraall. glided' along quietly as a'shadow. After that I: began to 'ruu, singing ?'to myself as I went, to .frighten away the ghosts, my father. ¡Por' an hour' I travelled swiftly,over the plain, tillJE came to_the Wllsidri where , the bush began". ""Here it"wärvery"dark under the shade of the trees,'and tl sang louder than ever;r-"'At last I found the little buffalo path I sought^ and turned älqdgit; ' ; .Presently I cariié to ari open place, where tho moonlight crept , in between, the trees'. - I: knelt down arid looked. Yes!; my snake hod not lied to me ;' there was the spoor of .the cattle ' Then I went on gladly'till 1 reached' a' dell through which the i water ransbftly' sometimes whis- pering and sometimes talking aloud. Here the trail 'of the1 cattle was - broad ; they had broken down'the ferns with their feet arid .trampled the grass flat. Presently I. came to a pool. I know it-it was the pool my snake had shown me. And there at the edge of the;'pool floated the drowned os, its foot caught in, a forked root. All was just, as I had seen it. '. .'.. . - ;-?, - ..; ? .: ? I stepped forward and looked around. My eye caught something j it was the faint grey fight of the dawn glinting on the cattle's horns.' As I!looked, one or thom snorted, rose and. shook the dew from his hide. ., He looked 'big as an; elephant in the mist and twilight. " *..?. * ;, ;'"'.". ' ! ." . '¡,'./,'". : Then I collected them , all-there , were seventeen.-and drove.them before me down tho narrow pnth back towards the kraal, Now the daylight came quickly," and .the sun had been up an hour when I reached the spot where I should turn if It wished to hide.the cattle in the'secret .place, as Koma had' bid 'me! '^'But'this I would not do.;;;.! No, I would, go on to the. kraal with, them, and tell all men that Norna was a thief. Still,.! eat down and rçsted" awhile, for.I'was; tired! jAs I sat, I heard a noise, and looked up. . There, over .the slope of tho riso, camé a crowd of men, and leading them »was Norna, and by his side the headman who owned the cattle.' I stood still, wondering j but as I stood, they ran_. to- wards* mo shouting and waving sticks and spears. ': ..'?'??? ;!.; ,: '', . 'There he isl' screamed Norna; ' 'There he is 1-rr-the clever, boy, whom I have brought, up to bring shame on,me. ,. Whaldid I tell you?. Did I not< tellïyou that he was a-thief 1 Yes V-i-yes |; .'I know your tricks, Mopo, my child? See I ; he! is stealing ' the. cattle ! He 'knew where they were, all the time, and now he is taking them away to hide them. . They would be'useful to buy a wife with; would they'not, my "'clever boy ?' And he made a rush at me, with his stick lifted, and after him carno the headman, grunting with rage. .. ¡ t understood, my father.'. My heart. went mad in'rae," everything began to swim round' a red cloth seemed to lift itself up and down before my eyes. I havo alwayB seen if thus wben'I'was forced to fight. .1 screamed," out one;word' only, 'Liarl' and rushed to' meet himy J On came, .Norna. He .struok': at-me with his 'kerrie,1 but:l caught - the' blow upon' my little shield, and hit buck; 'sWbw.!, I did hit 1, -Tho skull '.bf 'Norna met my..kerrie, and down he fell dead at my feet. . I yelled again, and rushed on1 at- the headman. He- threw ah,assegai, but it missed me. and next second I hit him too. . He got up his' shield, but'I knocked it down upon, his head, and over he rolled senseless. "? Whether be lived or died I know ¿pt; my father j but his head ; being .of the thickest, I think it. likely that he lived. Then while the : people : stood astonished, I tUrnedj- and raiv like the wind. They turned too, arid ran after me,'throwing spears at me, and trying to cut' me off. Birt norie of. them could catch me-no not one. I went like tho, wind; ! went, like a .buck: when 'the dogs wake it from sleep ;:nnd presently the'sound of their chase grew fainter and fainter, till at last I was out of sight and alone. . Jfii tm continued in Saturday's issue. ? . The moat oomfortablo hotel In Sydney la tho Metropolitan, KIng-stroet. Mark Solomon, pro-' prlotor.-ADV. I _ , , Tasmania proposes to leane-Treasury bonds for £700,000. . J c. . . ? 