Religious Items ; Bishop Bromby, who is Assistant Bishop of Bath and Wells, intends (says the Church News) to reside witk. his son, the Eev; H. B. Bromby, who is the Vicar of All Saints, Clifton, Bristol. The Eev. Chris, telpher Bromby, who was for some, time Incumbent OH All Saints, Hobart, is now Vicar of St. Columba's HaggerBton. At the Church of the Apostles on Sunday the Very JBev. Dean Beeohinor, who occupied the pulpit at the 11 o'clock ser vice, spoke at length on the Eastsr collec- , tion and the monthly collection in aid of the building fund. He pointed out that the manager of the National Bank of Tasmania Limited had met him liberally in advances in aid of the fund, and that they were pay ing the bank fairly well. It was necessary, however, to make some movement in order to replace the present mode of collecting the money in order to pay the banking institution more expeditiously. The monthly collection had proved totally in adequate, and after muture consideration they had determined to divide the city into wards and appoint, collectors for each, so that members of the congregation would be called .on weekly to enable them to con tribute a small amount to the fund. He was prepared to enter into any new work, but he thought the present overdraft should be paid before they went into iny further expense. The ecclesiastical autho rities were anxious to keep pace with the time3 in making every improvement to their buildings, and he believed the people were in sympathy with them. Bev. W. Shaw occupied the pulpit at Patterson-street Wesleyah Church both morning and evening on Sunday. There were large congregations ; and being Whit Sunday the services had special reference to Pentecost. The morning text was Acts' ii., 32, 33, and on this passage the preacher founded an orthodox discourse on the doctrine of the Divine personality and power of the Holy Spirit. In so doing Mr Shaw sketched the great scene on the day of Pentecost ; illustrated the folly of answers usually obtained from a promis cuous crowd , showed how individual opinions changed ; and vrged home the inquiry, why was the promised gift of the Spirit not more largely realised ? The. sermon at night was based on John xiv. 16, and part of 1st John ? ii. - I,1 and the preacher brought out pro minently (1) the scripture teaching that whilst the Holy Ghost is that promised ' other Comforter,' Christians had also the Lord their Saviour in heaven comforting them by his intercession ; and f 2) that if Christians fell into sin, they should remem- ' ber that they had an ' Advocate; Jesus Christ the righteous.' A large number of persons partook of the communion at the close of the service. ? ? ? . : On Sunday last the incumbent of St. . John's Church and the churchwardens opened a Sunday school in connection with' the parish at Abbott- Btreet, Windmill Hill. It has been found necessary of late to pro vide in some way for the large number of' children who reside in that locality rto attend a Sabbath school; St. John's wis too far for the little ones to be sent j and it was decided to have the branch which was Opened. ,' '^ '????'- ?': ?? ? ?'?'?-? ? ?? ' ' ?: ?? .tsoii; ?:-:?? ' ? -.*' ' .'?' ..The many friends of Father O'Eegan will be pleased to bear that that popular and energetic clergyman has settled down comfortably in his new sphere of duty at Campbell Town. The congregation at the Roman Catholic Church there has been sensibly augmented since Father O'Began's arrival, the Sunday morning- attendance now averaging 150. The cure of which the rev. gentleman has charge is a most extensive one, extending to Snake Banks on the one hand and Spring Bay on the other. The fifth discourse of the series on the Revelations was delivered last Sunday at the LaunceBton Tabernacle by Pastor A. J. Clarke, the frubject being 'The Church at Ephfsus,' One of the principal pointB noticed was that the Lord Jesus Christ observed all things which took place in a churcb, whether of thought, word, or deed, and commended or condemned accordingly. Love was one of the attributes. 1 hat He valued far beyond much service, and that which He most hated was worldliness in the midst of His people. 