A THRILLING EXPERI- ENCE. 1 had ocoasion some months ago to go from n point a long distance op on tne Cowlitz River, across the country toward tbe lice of t^e railroad. For most of tbe distance tbe read, or îatber tbe track, led through a rough wild country, which was generally covered with heavy forests, and tangled impenetrable thickcts of under brash. More than forty miles were to be traversed. 1 started very early—shortly after daylight. 1 was mounted on a small Indian pony, of a scrubby, ignoble breed. Lest 1 should not be able to accomplish the journey in one day, or mif>ht not be able to reach some cabin along tbe route, 1 had taken the precaution to «trap a pair of white blankets behind my saddle. Tbe only weapons 1 had were a small pooket pistol—«inglebarrelled—and a email two edged dira. Oo starting 1 had noticed that my pony was slightly lame. Thinking he wonld get over it when warmed np on tbe road, I pushed ahead. However, tbe lameness increased, and long before noon 1 found that 1 Bhould have to abandon the horee and make tbe remainder of the journey on foot, it another animal conld not be obtained. No horse could be obtained for love or money, so leaving tbe crippled pony and the saddle at a logger's ranch, 1 pushed 00, carrying my roll of blankets on my back. Tbe trail wound round through dense, gloomy forests. So thick and tall were the trees that the lofty, interlacing branches overhead shot out the can's rays, and much of the light of day. In a sort of sombre twilight 1 pushed OD. Before 1 bad covered many miles 1 began to feel some uneasiness—a singular presentiment of evil foreboding. Still 1 went forward, striving to drive away the preEectimect by thinking of my business. However, the feeling that there, was eome danger in my pathway increased. Some instinct told me that 1 was being folluwed. Soon a peculiar whirring sound, resembling the purring of an enormous cut, attracted my attention. Casting a quick glance behind me, imagine my ' dismay as eeeing in the trail, net eeventy five yards away, a large, fierce cougar. Tbe animal w&g; trailing aloig slowly with its belly close to the ground, and ewitcbi&g; its Sail like acit when preparing to spring on an nnfU^peci.iDg mouee. Cerebing my eye the cougar suddenly stopped, plaoed iU head close to the ecrtb, arid in a crouching attitude watched me intently. My situation was a very grave ose'. ArmiM with cr,ly a email pistol and kcifp, miles from human habitation, alone in tbe heart of a great gloomy foreet, and confronted by a large, hungry-looking cougar, my position was not to be envied. Fortunately, I was thoroughly acquainted with the cowardly disposition of the animal. Unless pressed by hunger I knew the cougar wouid uot openly attack me. Grasping my pistol ia one hand and tbe knife in tbe other, I turned and advanced toward tbe larking foe. Too cowardly creature retreated. To empnasize matters I discharged my piBtol, taking precious good care to snoot wide of the mark. To wound tbe sniinsl was the last thing iu the world I wished to do. Deliberately reloading 1 then turned and moved rapidly forward, keeping a sharp lookout over my shoulder. Tbeeougar persistently dogged me. Sometimes it gained on me and I wonld have to drive it back by shouting and discharging my pistol. This I kept up for about two bourn. £ hoped to finally frigbten tbe animal away, bet it still dogsred my footsteps. 1 pressed on, weary and footsore, hoping soon to to emerge from tbe forest or to reaoh noma wayside cabin. Oace on open ground I felt sore the animal would abandon tbe pursuit. But tbo timber appeared to grow thicker. To add to my fears night was ooming on, and there were portcntiius signs of a coming storm. Low muttering thunder was heard far away, and I could hear the wind that preceded tbe tempest gathering ita forces far back in the forest. Darkness fell until I conld scarcely distinguish the tortuous trail. S:ill my foe followed relentlessly. Soon the amorphous blackness swallowed up everything. By feeling my way caatiously I could follow the trail. Presently I reached the brink of a steep ravine. Below me I heard th6 hiss and roar of a stream. Broad streaks of lightning flashed across the heavens. By waiting for these flashes I made my. way down the ravine. At the bottom flowed abroad, Bwift stream across which the trail led. I could not tell how deep it was, bat cross it I mast. Taking advantage of a flash I plunged in. The water was almost waist deep and cold as ice. Through this stream I floundered narrowly escaping being oarried eff my feet by the force of the torrent. Finally, I reached tbe oppr>site side. 1 scrambled out, dripping wet and chilled to the marrow. By tbe next bright gleam I oould see the cougar on the eppieite aide, just at the brink, crouching aB it for a spring. In sheer desperation I fired at him. and turning rushed up the 'steep, rugged trail. 'B'.ask gloom, again succeeded. I stood still, my heart beating madly ; I expeoted that the oouear would now certainly attack and rend me. Jast then the animal gave a wild, fearful scream and plunged into the stream. Another flash came. Aa I turned to fly, I saw the oougar mid-stream, straggling desperately in the mad torrent and making towards me. Before tht gleam faded there cane another blinding, fierce glace, followed by an awful peal of thunder. Onoe more I turned and fled op the trail. This time I reached the top, and at tbe tame inBtant there oame another blood curdling scream from the enraged lougar. I rushed precipitately on, and in a moment reached an opening in the timber. My pistol being empty was useless, so I flung it away and grasped my dirk. 1 looked around and discovered that I Btood upon the edge of a small olearing. Not a hundred yards away, 1 saw, with a joy that no language can portray, the light of a candle shining throagh a window of an bumble logcabin. Help and safety were at hand. 1 shouted loudly, and a courso, heavy " Halloo there 1" oame back ia response. The load baying of a dog greeted me that sounded sweeter than any music I ever heatil. Bat little Temains to be told. Tbe brave dog rushed past me, and making for the cougar, which was only a tew yards away, quiokly treed him. Tbe logger at once comprehended the eitaatiou. Telling me to go to the cabin, he seized bis rifle and hurried to the spot where his dog stood barking and waited for a lightning flash. It came a moment later almost as bright as day. It revealed the cougar crouching on a large limb, not more than forty feet from the ground, jast ready to hurl himself npon the dog. There was a sharp crack, and tbe ball crashed through the cougar's skull. Uttering a piercing cry, the oreature fell to the ground, and after a brief straggle inglorioasly gave ap the ghost. Jast then the long-impendicg tempest broke forth in all its fury. That night 1 remained at the logger's oabin, and partook of his rough but wholesome cheer. Early the next morning 1 reached my destination without further adventure. The cougar that came eo near getting my scalp was a very large old male. By actual measurement it was nearly nine feet from tip to tip. It was the narrowest escape from a horrible fate ever had. The experience has taught me one useful leBBon ; I will never again venture alone through tbe lonely woods without having a trusty Winchester in my hand. 