ST. MARY'S CHURCH. In the Early Days. The Consecration Service. One of the mist important ceremonies ever held in connection with St. Mary's Church, Burnt, took placeon Friday morning last, when the Lord Bishop of Adelaide consecrated the cnurcn. we nave maae enquiries relating 10 the origin of the English church in Burra in the early days, and through the kind assistance of an oid and highly respected resident we have gathered some very interesting information. At the time mentioned a number of 'church' people arrived, and it was at once seen thai a place of wor.-liip was much needed, and all con cerned interested themselves in erecting a slab building in Kangaroo street about 1847, which s-erved as a school-room and church. The Rev. ttagshaw was the first incumlient. The parsonage occupied by him (and others who followed) was built of brick and slali, and situ ated immediately behind Mr. T. W. Pearce's residence, in Commercial street, Kooringa, and now occupied by Mrs. Turner. In those days church bells were not used. To inform the inhabitants and members of the congregation 'hat services were being held a piece of mallee. at the end of which was tied a piece of calico, was stuck up every Sunday. Two years later a church was erected on the hill, the street now known as Church-street Ocing n.-meJ after it. The Rev. J. Pollett was the incumbent, fol lowed by the Revs. Ibueltson, Stanton, and others. [We might here state that on April 7, 1856, Mr. Ibbeltson presented the estimate, plans and specifications to the committee for the erection of the Hurra Institute ; it was at that time two small rooms and named the Mechanics' Institute]. As lime went on progress was made, and very soon a Church of England school-room was built on the allotment now occupied by Messrs. M. Ii. liruseand Son, the first teacher !-einr- Mr. Sinclair. When we look at the past ard then turn to ihe present we see what rapid strides have been made in all directions. Eventually arrange ment were made In purchase a piece of land north of the Kooringa post-office, but the directors of the Burra Mine very generously gave it, and no time was lost in making prepar ations fur building the handsome church now to be seen — free of debt. The plans and specifica tions were drawn out by the late Mr. George McLagan and the contract was undertaken and carried out by Messrs. Sara & Dunstan. On July 3, 1879, the foundation stoce was laid by the iae Bishop Short, and on January iS, 1SS0, was alsu opined by the same gentleman. The present trustees are Messrs. J. D. Cave, J. M. McBride, T. Edwards, J. Lewis, J. C. Sandland, P. L. Killicoat and Dr. Sangsier ; wardens, R. M. Harvey, and T. Sandland. The total cost of the building was £3300, and this amount has been wiped off by dona tions, bazaars, etc Special mention is due to the late Mrs. McCulIoch, of Princess Royal, who presented the church with ^500, her hus band (Mr. A. McCulIoch) at the same time lending jCsoo for live years free of interest. The first incumbent of the new church was the Rev. llowitt, who held the position for about six years. He was succeeded 1- ihe Rev. Stuart Wayland, who made special efforts to ?aise funds to clear off all liabilities, with the ? esult that at present the -um of Z'°o is now in hand (or the purpose of building a school room. Seeing that the church was in Mich a pleasing position arrangements were made to have it consecrated, which service took place «.n the day mentioned above. ?.!any people have been anxious in their enquiries to know why a Friday was sc'ecled for ihe ceremony, and have ascertained that the day being the ** Feast of the Annunciation of St. Mary,' and the church was named tht church of St. Mary's the virgin. The following clergy were present : — Bishop Kennion, accompanied by the Regis trar (Mr. A. Slurcke), Archdeacon Dove, Rev U. U. W.-1.I. (rural .lean). Rev. J. II. Wil liams, --I Kijolungn, Rev. M. Williams, of Riverton, anil ihe Kev. A. - ?. King, the in cumbent. The trustees clergy, and lay readirs fumed a procession from the vestry door to the entrance of the church, where they were met by the wardens, and the senior v.arit. 11 (Mr. R M. Harvey) presented a peti tion tn His Lordship, asking him to consecrate the rhuich, and afier signifying his consent, the Bishop, clergy, and the officers proceeded up the aisle In the Holy Table, singing the 24th l'salm. The Bishop, sitting in his chair received the deeds «-f the church and returning to the westward said, ' Peace be to this house.' Intercessions were made for the ministers of God, for ? ommunicants, hearers, and cithers, and then the congregation standing up the sentence of consecration was read aloud by the Registrar (Mr. A. Sturcke) which was signed by the Bishop and ordered wilh the petition and other deeds, to be duly recnuled and registered in the Diocesan Registry. When this had been done the Bishop came forward and said — ' I declare this church St. Mary's to be now con secrated and set apart to God fur ever in the name of the Father and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.' After the singing of a hymn the lessons were read by the Kev. Weliband Archdeacon Dove; the prayers by the incumbent (Rev. King) and the Bishop. Tne sermon by the Rev. Williams was based on ihe ' Sanctity of God's House,' and had special reference to the ceremony of consecration. The discourse, which was ably ^iven. was received by the large congregation present with marked attention. Afler the even ing service, which was only moderately attended, the Revs. Webb and King officiated, the first named gentleman being the preacher. Special Psalms and hymns were rendered. After the service the members of the con gregation presented the Bishop with a silver pen with which he had used in signing the sen tence of consecration. Much interest was manifested in the pro ceedings throughout, ard a large number of all denominations assembled at the church to witness the proceedings We heartily congratu late the members of ihe church for having such a fine building free of debt. After the morning service the Bishop, e'ergy, and other officers of the church, together with a large number ol ihe male portion of the con gregation, adjourned to Mr. J. Lewis's school room where a splendid luncheon was provided by the lady members of the congrecation. The Bishop was supported by Archdeacon Dove and the Rev. Webb. Pev. King was supported by Jhe Rev. R. M. Hunler (Wesleyan). After Ihe good things prov:dcd bad been partaken of the Rev. A. G. King staled he had a very pleasant duly to perform, and that was to present to one of their esteemed lay-readers I Mr. T. Edwards) a small token of their regard for him. He (the speaker) had not the oppor tunily of participating for any lengthy period in ihe work done by Mr. Edwards, si ill judg ing from what had been told him by the mem bers of the congregation, the recipient was worthy of Ihe good things said of him. He had pleasure in presenting Mr. Edwards with a large church service (prayers and hymns), a revised edition of the Holy Bible, and two volujies of sermons, and wished both Mr. and Mrs. Edwards and. family a pleasant voyage, enjoyable holiday and a safe return. The Bishop also bore testimony to Mr. Edwards's work as a churchman, and referred at length to the spread of the Church of England throughout Australia and the world by the great help given, and faithful ser vices rendered by her lay-readers. Much of the chuich's rapid progress in later years had been brought alwut by the help of her lay readers. He would always hold out every encouragement to that band of true and faithful men who devoted their lives for the spread of Gud's kingdom. He joined in wishing Mr. end Mrs. Edwards and family an enjoyable holiday. One other matter he was pleased to refer to was Ihe pleasure he had in again meeting the Rev. R. M. Hunter. On previous occasions they had met and their meet ings had been of pleasant recollect ion, a«-l of valuable and profitable lime spent together — (Applause). The Rev. Hunter, whilst bear ng testimony to Mr. Edwards's worth as a Christian towns man and wishing him ?' bon voyage,' expressed his pleasure at being present, and thanked the Bishop for his kind remarks. The consecra tion service had been of such a devotional character that he hoped and prayed the peti tions offered up would be in every way answered by their Heavenly Father. Dr. J. I. Sangsler spoke in eulogistic terms of Mr. Edwards's services to the church. He wished him a pleasant trip to England and a safe return. Mr. Edwards, who was visibly overcome, suitably responded, stating that his 13 years spent in Burra had been ol profit — both materi ally and spiritually to him. He rejoiced to know that his huml-le services to bis church had been appreciated. Archdeacon Dove proposed-'The preacher' (Rev. J. H. Williams, of Koolunga) for his excellence consecration sermon. Thanks to the ladies and Mr. and Mrs. Lewis closed the proceeding's. 