ASH WEDNESDAY. The customary blessing of ashes took lace at the metropolitan churches, on Wednesday at the early Masses. The evotions for Lent commenced at St. atrick's and St. Francis* in the evenng, and in each case were well attended. NEW SCHOOLS. It is mentioned in the Archbishop's astoral that the Christian Brothers ntend erecting new schools for the boys f Collingwood. ,A suitable block of and has been procured st the corner of ollison and Nicholson streets, Abbotsord, upon which the necessary buildings ill be erected as soon BB possible. DEPASTURE OF THE FATHERS OF THE HOLY GHOST. On Tuesday a large number of clerical nd lay friends were present at Port elbourne at the departure of the rench steamer, to wish Fr. Stephens ud the other fathers of the Holy Ghost on voyage. Before leave-taking took lace the Rev. J. H. O'Connell asked hose present to drink the health of Fr. tephens. He alluded to the good ualities of the rev. gentleman and the igh estimation in which he was held by his clerical friends. The Eev. erald Byrne also testified to the respect n which Fr. Stephens was held, and'the riendship which existed between him nd his brother priests since his arrival n the colony. Messrs. M. Mornane, J. Winter, and M. M'Donald spoke ori behalf of the laity, and referred to the regret which the departure of Fr. Stephens caused throughout Victoria. r. Stephens briefly and feelingly responded, stating that in "whatever part of he world he was called to labour in he would always remember ahd take an nterest in the welfare of his friends in Yintoria. Frs. Croagh, Lemire, and Schmidt left with Fr. Stephens. BRUNSWICK. Miss Coll, who has been connected with the Catholic schools of Brunswick ana district for over six years, and who has latterly filledthe responsible position f chief assistant at St. Ambrose School, Dawson-street, was recently the recipient of a very graceful address and souvenir from the clergy, teachers, and pupils of the schools. When it became known that Mies Coll had finallydecided upon severing her connection with" the boy*s school, the pr&sts;, 'people, and. pupils; with a spirit worthy of the occasion, undertook to subscribe for a suitable present, «ith the result that the lady in question received a lasting memento Oie way of « beautiful writing desk. The Rev. J". Barry, in anaking the presentation, highly unvoted Miss Ooll upon her pWtaonnced success as a teacher an4 the great satisfaction she had^iVeB. to all concerned. Tb.ey were all sorry to lose her, but when it was known that she was abput to enter « community o£ nans in Albury, where her services would be still more appreciated, everyone wished hersuocess. Mr* Williams, the headmaster, responded «q behalf of Miss Ooll, who desired him to convey her sincere thanks for the honour conferred upon her. She would always cherish the memory of those who had been under her and the ltindness of the Revs. E. Luby, J. TBarry, and P. Gleeson, and Mr. Williams. Hearty cheers were.given all round, and a halt holiday granted for the occasion. Miss Ooll was made the recipient of many other presents from her late scholars. OHCBCH OF 'Otflt LADY OF MOUNT CABMEL. On Sunday the formal opening of the new organ was made the occasion of a special musical service in this church. Missa cantata was. celebrated by the Rev, Fr. Kelly, O.C.O., and the sermon Wfis preached by the Rev. Fr. Greaven> O.C.C., who, in the coarse of a most interesting and instructive address, dwelt upon the fact that the Church from the earliest period of her history had been in an especial manner the patron of the arts of music, painting, and sculpture, which she directed to the highest of all purposes, vie., the glory of God and the advancement of religion. Gounod's Messe SolenndU was rendered by the choir, with fall orchestral accompaniment, and in a manner that reflects the highest credit upon those taking part. The principal vocalists were Mrs. Neitson, Miss M'Farlane, and Messrs* Keilson and Briggs; and at the Offertory Miss Randelle sang Gounod's Ave Maria, with violin obligato by Mr. Bowman. Zingarelli's Laudate W/as sang at the conclusion of the Mass, and the opening and closing voluntaries were played oh . the organ by Mr. Swallow. The orchestra are deserving of special praise for their splendid services on this occasion, and were most efficiently led by Mr. Bowman. The choir was under the conductorship of Mr. J. B. Connolly, who. deserves to be highly complimented upon the success which marked the musical portion of the services. KEW. The Archbishop is to bleBs a new set of Stations of the Cross immediately after the 10 O'clock Mass at the Sacred Heart Church, Kew, to-morrow (Sunday). His Grace, who will be accompanied by the Assistant-Bishop «f Sydney, will preach on the occasion. CATHOLIC CHARITIES. Mr. C. H. Grondonaj the president of the Home for Destitute' Men conducted by the Society of St. Vincent de Paul, writes as follows:—"On behalf of the committee of this institution and of its destitute poor, I beg that you will allow me to appeal to those of the charitable public of Melbourne who may bo willing to help a really deserving cause. Since the home was opened on 17th October, 1887, until 21st February, 1892, no less a number than 30,490 beds and breakfasts have been given to the poor homeless men of. this .great centre, but without aid our efforts must soon cease—the strain on our funds has exhausted them. We haven't as much as £1 in hand, our rent is eight weeks in arrears, and the Gas Company have oat off the gas for the £5 10s. 4d. owing to them, which we are unable to pay at this period; When there are so many men out of work it would be deplorable if this slight and temporary shelter had to close its doors to them, but this will be : the case if the public do not help us speedily. We do not need much, a few pounds will be a great help, and be received with gratitude. As you know, sir, that the society distributes its charity to all without regard to creeds colour, or country, I feel sure that you will kindly repeive subscriptions ,on 4 be» 1 half of the hbme." " * The hon. treasurer (Mr. JamesHogan) for the Little Sisters of the Poor desires to acknowledge receipt of £35 from the executor of the late Mrs. Skelton. 