THE BANSHEE OF THE " O'CONNORS. AS IRISH LEGEND. A lone stranger comes down tho dark forest wab. Whit rides on a p alb that lie dare not by day; The wild wind of midnight, in forest and glen, •Siteins like t he hoarse callings of far wilder*d men; While round him. and o'er uim, the lm.il wiuadnMMI rattle Likc- clashing of swords against shields in a battle; And the cold mrn-u t hat sail* among ^cloud -island* brown. Through blue strai'i-, „f hoaven glints fitfulff dowTi. lie hies to a inaidiii in Connor s proud bill. Who pine? in its ti#wcrs liltert linnet in thrall; And Miigs to herself in its solitudes grey, " Oh! for a free flight to the far hills away, Tu rove as iu girlDood by Banna's blue tide, Sue, and h;Tper, have long gone to rest, Yet -she folds thai, one wish like a babe-to hor breast; Watching w«ml> out, when- the hail drifts aa& rain. In the <-ri.'.s.sei light glimmer and Sash down oacfc pane, For her fair bunds have kindled a love-guidiug raj Jiigh up in (lie turret 'mid green ivy Kpray, And bicathes low to listen, and catch passing,by 11 is signal of coming, tbe rock-ployer's cry. , fciie bears tbe wind wailings through loop boles and door?;, Strange rustlings and sighs down thelongcorridor* The weird plaining note of tlie bcniu flown past, Tlie boot of tbe screech-owl abroad on tlie blast. Or tread of the warder's feet, heavy and slow. In lulls of the storm from the rampart below; A semid as of something that liistles and griere* Like mortal in anguish, through branches and leaves. Tis a dreari50inc night, and tbe wind- blowetk chill - It whiucs like a wolfhound o'er valley anditull; The high forest branches arc fiercelyastir— Tlie bills sec-m to heave in their mantle of fir; And the tall banner-staff seems to hurtle aa* glancs Athwart tbe fleetclouds like a quireriug laooe; fl hile through them and through them tbe mooa as. they pass t>eetus to plunge like a steed in a heavy morass. Aud now,-to tbe rider, stem, lofty, and-dim The tow ere of O'Connor stand spectral and grim. Keep, turrets, and battlements seem to his sight' A pictuic cf gloom "gainst the shadows of night,, Save one lonely cresset, still.burning above, . Where Eva Kits keeping her vigil of lore. Awaiting a meeting denied Uieia by day, While clansmen and sire ore in dreamland away. There looms tu f be rider a tall Druid stone. Bude fashioned, aud letun'd in language unknown; It stands where be halts, like a ghost of tha dead; At noonday or midnight a terror and dread. For Uie liantftee'- that follows O'Oonnor'S prouA nice, Hath by it in legend ber foul lurking-place, Wbere "from the grey ages, far back in the past, .She dirges their death-calls prophetic at last. From a gnarled oak abore it a dense mislatu» Hung heavily down «'er tbe hemlock and sloe, And spread double darkness^abore the gree* \- mound Of deep dyke xnd mossbank thatcircled it round- In tlie lull of its stillness, the teee drippings fell till the broad docken leavestiwHh an omiaooa knell; And the chieftain who qnailed not in battle or raid. Tliree Aves o! boyhood conned 4»»er an4 said. And say was it fancy that" Jica othwr't : That hove, as it were, from tlie heart of the stone; Or, say. w s it fancy, that waft of a foam, That seein'd to move round bim, or was it the stornu Tbat shook the tree shadows! ilut surely to bim A shape sec-m'd to pass bim, uncertain and dim, A shadow on sliadows—a presence tbat sent A dead chill of grave air around V itjyent. One glance at the grim stone, whoso dusky outlinv Shone duikly and faint in the shadow or shine; And be tighten'd the girth of the steed at bis side. As one who prepareth'for venturous ride; And patted the fair neck and silvery head, Of the grey dappled palfrey be fondled and led; Gazed anxious and long at the signal-light high. And whistled, thrice whistled, tbe rock plover's erf. Tbe lone watcher bears it—tbe red cresset ray llnice flashesresponsive, and fadeth away; A niomentof waiting that seemetb an hour. The secret path's traversed that leads from tfe* tower; The warder may watch, and the deep inoat enfold Gates, ramparts,and turrets, and bastion and hold, Slie knows tbe hid passage tbat leads from tha hall Peep under portcullis and drawbridge and all. lie heats the loved voice, as slic bastes to bis aide - , As soft as the cushats by Baunia's blue tide; Hut pantingand trembling she f li'igs *« bis waist Like some timid bird, which the owlet, had clusod. •'Ob! Desmond, I've heard it.! The JiRf^h-t U nigh; I've lieard in tbe Courtyard its oirinous cry; As it called on my mother, so even the same, In w eeping and wailing, it called on my name. " And so ft shall be o'er these valleys and plains. While life in the balls of O'Connor remains." Be kissed the fair forehead of beauty that presfc, like wbite water lily half bid on bis breast; And softly and tenderly soothed ber until Ber heart in his keeping grew passive and still; And .spake, as be parted the curls from ber broif. " No demon of darkness shall follow thee now!" isliort moments to tarry, there's danger to dread, '! he wardei hath gone to the watch-tun et's head. The Bar,the? liatli roused bim, strange wailing he hears Beneath and around him it rings in bis ears; lie it demon or mortal, tbe cry bodeth harm. And be kindles tbe bale fire to flash the alarm; Tbe smoke drifts enfold bim, and short (S they gaze, 'Hie blackness of heaven grows red in tlie blazfc " Quick mount thee, onuhla'i short notice tofleef This midnight shall soon be no midnight for tnee; These wide woods shail bicker and flams In tbab light. Till tbe routed clans of Counor shall cross us ia. flight." One trust in the future, one thought on the past. One lingering home-look, tbe longest and last. And fond ties of girlhood were broken togain '1 lie love of dark Desmond, the Chief of Glenayna. "N'owniiiifc, and for ever! Saint Orun be praised!" As ber fail y-like form to tbe palfrey be raised. *' Aral mine," spake a weird voire within the grey Hone, While rang through the night air a wild vUagonelS The maiden's sue-alli followed the fiend's as it broke, liu' a deep cm>e from Desmond was all that lift spoke: Then off and away through the forest they flew— The clansmen need hasten who rideto pursue. On, on, and away, over moorland and moss, Over ravine and river, whose ford they must cross; Past rush-swamps and dingie, past hamlet and fen; Through fog-drifts tbat roll in tbe fieldof the glen;. Still palfrey and charger speed steady and strong. Oft deep to tbe fetlocks they gallop along, Over moorland and meadow, through lieather ao4 spray, A free bounding flightfor tbe far bills away, . Fair gathers behind tbera, faint horse-itnnkp tat' shout, Tbe blent bray of bngle, and tumult, and rest; It needs but a moment to listen and find The turmoil and danger that follows behind; To scan tbe fierce light o'er tbe wi io forest spread Which the sullen clouds catch as tbey drift overhead, Drink up tbe red lustre, like wolves lapping blood - , Then plunge into d&rkness; by others pursued. And now tbe last river!—a thousand deep rills Have met in its course from the storm on the hills; And a broad surging torrent of wild waters pour, • Resistless and strong, down the Pas*"* tife or death's in tbe ' , j- -- y«usp»M* ,. vy it -r rv ' y'-uro, and death in delay- Hie timid gin shrinks from the thunderous fray I And up to their glrtbings in froth, age, and boil, Tbe steeds snort tbe danger, and plunging roooD, A down tne swift waters, the foam streamers whife «ush past tike tho Clan of O'Calian to flrfit— Tbe Clans of O'Caban—ah', never again llis w hit-e plcxue shall flutter o'er tliem in ayne! For the love-light shall darken, the gold riiur gru* dim; And Eva O'Connor be death-mate to bim; For crouching before them, on rock in tiiefoam, Tbe Conc/icc sat wailing, and calling her homo. O'er tbe conflict of waves, o'er the surfs hissimr breath. Enigs ont on tho night air that warning of death; And Kva like crushed lily droop? on ber steed; ihit the heart of ber Iorer grows strong In ber need; And tender he took her, and placed her at rest On tbe war-horse before bim, at borne onhisbieast* Spake .words of swoet hope to ber faintnesa and fears. Till the Mnsb bloom came back through her terror aud teal's. One aim round ber light waist, one hand on th» leiu. One desperate plunge in the deep surge again • And round them aud o'er thein the cold writhing _ spray t • Coils deadly about , and falls hissing away 1'niVc mve steed 1 , and brave rider! swift, i/trn torrent, and , strong! Tis a terrible conflict where life battles long; N«it now (be free danger of foray or raid, W hero foreman meets foeinan, with lance point ot blade. But dreary life *trusj:I<-.. whine courage can meet No vantage or glory, but ilarksome defeat; lay of I he haul, at Uie banquet to tell How death swaidien lay deep where the lost leader fell: \- ' Jlut elf like thu ilrifltige around them they go. As swift as the feaiberVI shaft darts from a boW. Thiouph onslaught uf waters, that deafen and blind^ And tl>« dread shrieking HaiuJm- that follow* uiiii,,;. 1 :i>cks, forest.-', and cdilitM rnsb thundering past, lac itie; reaeli the gl^u furdage, tie broadest audi last; biiU Higher and nigber, one juv'lin cast more, T« the-font hold that fringes the verge of tlie shores One moment's short turn of tlie eteod to the i«in. One plunge Tor that footiiold—Ah ! never aga>'n In luuKfuet or foi-av, in battle or chaso, ."shall Desmond O'OaTian have pleasure or placri. Wliar sees you lone sUu, looking distantly througlt A rift in the clouds from ber easement of blue; >ole eje of the ni?ht in the heaven above, O'ci the <!e:<th ji:uiks of life, and tbe wreckage love! As pliingwl into silence tbe last- stifled moan, ' Ami the charger roso to the surface alone Tbe -wept-away death not* tliat rose-and no mure - Ami the love tale of Eva and Pesniondwas o'er. Then came n dark Mvoop thrench the shadowy tiie io the nderless steed, and the Baiixhrt was thsrat Low- crouched to the saddle, tbe fell demon clang. W jtli tbe foam of bis deu.tb struggle over Iter flung;. Iligli to the wBd heavens ber thin arms wet* toss'd, Tlie rock ceh«e» nnswer'd her cries for the lost; 'J ben ott' in the rom-nt swept courser and sprite. And long wails l»i 1 died oil" in the night. Xj"e»iIJ:i. i. A. 11\. II. Blickbak. A -njikinaiuiiil attendant tiuppoaed to follow i in- .iiu-ieiit iainilies of Ireland—but only appearing I.eiVreiii .ilb. weeping and ctiliM ih' t'.i bv name. i i:i|iiiv:iU'iit t« iilas. ; A lennof eadeannent. t A buiial uoiouuiliiin. 