A SUPERFLOUS HUSBAND. " How many suits for divorce have you on hand ?" I asked one of my friends, an eminent lawyer, whose numerous conquests make him an object of terror to all husbands. " I have but one," he replied, " and that is for none of the causes you suppose, neither adultery nor cruel treatment. If you wish to use the case as the plot of a play, I'll make it known to you." " On what plea, then, is the demand for divorce based ?" " On the dread of seeing again one from the other world." " I do not understand." " You know Madame A. de B——" " Of course ; but I thought her the most loving, the most beloved wife in the world ; also a devoted mother." " Exactly what I shall say in court." " As for her husband, he is a true gentle- man, loyal, obliging, and of spotless repu- tation." " Again what I shall say." " And those people wish to separate ?" My legal friend enjoyed for a few moments the perplexity he was causing me, and then told me the strange story he tran- scribed :— Madame A. de B——, who is not yet 32 years old, and scarcely appears 31, has her name on all subscriptions for charity, and is cited at all fashionable routs. Seeing the eager- ness and zest which she displays for enjoy- ment, and the freshness and bloom of her beauty, one would hardly suppose she were compensating herself for sad days in the past. She has been married five years, or rather re-married, for at twenty she was the wife of one of the Bourse's most reckless speculators, who left her a widow by a death so tragic, that it is yet remembered. One morning, seven years ago, we learned that Jacques de T——, the well-known club man and social favorite, had been found dead in his bed at his country property of G——, his face mutilated and brains scattered over his pillow. It was at first thought he had been assassinated ; it was winter and the house isolated and unoccupied. M. de T—— had come there to search for some account books he needed. Owner of a large manufactory in the neigh- borhood, he often made such trips, leaving his wife for a day at Paris. An old gar- dener, who lodged in a cottage a short dis- tance off, waited upon him. As soon, however, as the affairs of the un- fortunate man were investigated, it was no longer possible to doubt that he had com- mitted suicide. He had, also, a banking house near the Rue Lafitte, but he was totally ruined ; the dot of his wife, even, had been absorbed. Maledictions in plenty were not lacking ; some persons instituted suits, which the poor wife easily had set aside. She wept for him and regretted him with all her heart. He had been a loving and generous husband. She was the most earnest, most correct and most beautiful widow, in her artless weeds, that one could wish for. She returned to her own family, and having no children (they had been married such a short time !) seemed to resume the life of her girlhood, save her unceasing grief. Complete misfortunes have one advantage ; they are a claim to the privileges of martyr- dom. People pitied her ; everyone said she would never marry again. They forgot that happiness most abruptly cut short is often that which soonest buds anew. Monsieur A. de B—— is as handsome as the first husband, goes less frequently to his club, and has an assured fortune. He fell in love with a woman who had lost hers : how could she refuse him ? The second mar- riage gave happiness of another type, less turbulent, more home-like and complete. First came a boy, then a little girl, and when Madame A. de B—— made her annual visit to the decor- ous tomb she had erected to the memory of unlucky T——, it was almost with a smile of gratitude that she prayed for the dear departed. As she fervently recom- mended him to divine mercy, she was certain her prayers were heard, for all the merits of her first husband seemed augmented by the charming qualities of the second. One day Madame A. de B—— received a letter which had been a long time reaching her. It was directed to Madame de T——, and stamped with an American stamp. The hand- writing of the address troubled her, and, when the envelope was torn open, the first lines made her quiver. Was it a sacrilegious mysti- fication ? or had poor de T—— planned, be- fore killing himself, a deception like that which gave Retif de la Bretonne the plot for a curious novel ? Had he ordered that every seven years a letter should be delivered to his wife, to prevent her grieving for him, and persuade her that he still lived ? That was M. A. de B——'s first idea when his frightened little wife brought him the strange missive, dated from New York ; but, when his emotion was somewhat calmed, in weighing well its words and studying its proba- bilities, he was obliged to acknowledge that T—— was not dead ; that the letter was indeed from him, and that it announced his return. But the suicide ? the corpse ? the burial ? Alas ! the letter had a reply for everything. T—— related how, face to face with bank- ruptcy, he had wished at once to indemnify his honor and facilitate for himself a way to reconquer his last fortune. With the assist- ance of a gravedigger of the village of G— he got possession of a corpse of his size and general appearance. The occasion had been waited for during several months ; the gravedigger liberally bribed. At night he placed the body in his bed, and when he dressed it in his linen, fired in its face two pistol shots, which rendered it absolutely unrecognisable. Then, having accomplished that suicide, in an empty house, he escaped, taking with him only the money necessary for his paggage,and went to try his luck in America. The miserable fellow seemed enchanted with his expedient. He had the grace, how- ever, to be somewhat sober in his self-praises ; but he ran on endlessly in telling of the sorrows of separation, the anguish of that long voyage, the torture he had imposed on himself in remaining dead for her, as he was for the rest of the world. He should never have had the courage to persevere in his task of rehabilitation if she had written to him, if she had recalled him ! He had condemned himself to seven years of work, of silence, of burial. With all the fatuity of a martyr, he never seemed to doubt that she had remained a widow and inconsolable ; therefore, among the joys that he promised himself in the future, he gave the first place to the greatest, that of consoling her, at once, sud- denly. " Do not die of joy !" he wrote to the one who felt ready to die of terror on the spot. In short, he was very rich, two or three times more so than he had ever been, he was coming back to pay all his creditors, interest and principal, to clear his name, and, as now he would have no more cares and anxieties, he should have plenty of time to devote to loving his dear little wife. He gave fleeting glimpses, as into an unknown paradise, of the children, of whom he was certain. The wretch even made poetry on that subject, a millionaire's poetry : Babes would float through the heaven of their unalterable bliss like little angels, or little Cupids. That passage particularly aroused the fury of M. A. de B——. As though they had needed that " dead-alive" to call forth angels and loves ! Corpse he might not be, but at least he should not return alive ! The second husband's plan was to meet number one part way on his way home and kill him since he dared to come out of his legal tomb under pretext that he was not dead. The official records would justify that murder, nothing would have to be changed in the certificate of death ; nothing effaced but a man ! It would not be a duel scarcely even a murder ; merely a case of legitimate self-defence, the stamp that Hamlet gives on the ground to drive back the importunate ghost. The idea was a good one, and he must leave at once. " No, no, not that !" cried Madame A. de B——, terrified. Was her first love, perchance, resuscitating with her first husband ? " You take his part ?" demanded No. 2, trembling with jealousy and horror. " Ungrateful man ! Do you not owe to him our five years of happiness ?" " The scoundrel has taken them back from me !" " He has not the right." " Our marriage is null ; his is not." " Null, and our children ?" " Ah! our children, our children !" They were there, the little hypothetical cherubim of whom the wanderer spoke in his letter. They enclosed their father and mother in their caressing arms ; they soothed the wrath of the menaced hus- band. The couple wept, kissed, and ended by going to consult my friend, the lawyer. It was agreed that he should ask for a divorce for Madame A. de B—— from her first husband as soon as M. de T—— had been given to understand that it is dangerous for him to return to France. His escapade is complicated by a violation of sepulture. The gravedigrger is dead, but he, by his own avowal, ordered and paid for the crime. They cannot reasonably ask him to kill himself, but they might possibly obtain from him a promise to continue to play dead man in the depths of America ; and, if his probity revives, let him furnish the elements for an integral payment of his debts, without appearing in the matter ; but that is a romantic way out of the diffi- culty. Thanks to M. Naquet, there is a more practical method. They will obtain a divorce, and then M. and Madame A. de B——, whose marriage may temporarily be con- considered void, will be re-married. It appears, from last news, that M. de T—— is resigned to that arrangement. He will not come to France, and will let the divorce be pronounced against him. If he is con- demned for having placed a pauper's corpse in his bed and afterwards in a handsome tomb, he will not protest ; he will pay his French debts and become a naturalised American, and, as it is as easy to have in one's home little angels or little cupids in America as in France, he will not deny him- self that happinees. Indeed, why ? For he permits them to perceive the true reason why he has had courage to keep silent for seven years, and not to write to his darling wife. It was because he would have had to dip his pen in the ink-bottle of an American widow. His pent-up feelings find relief in that bit of spite. At the end of seven years of an honorable intimacy, and when the bonds were less tightly drawn he had, indeed, been able to push an arm through his yielding chains, and sent the letter announcing his resurrection. Since they force him thereto, however, he will prove that he knows how to make the best of a losing game. Once free in France, he will atone for his " falling out" with the widow by marrying her. In America, as here, that is the surest way to rid one's self of a mistress. —Translated from the French. 