MR. STEAD'S GHOSTS. (British Weekly, SGth November.) Under the paradoxical title of "Real Ghost Stories: a Record of Authentic Apparitions," our over courageous friend Mr. Stead pours into the Christmas house- holds of England a mass of unified and indiscriminate but most readable rubbish. It will be found a fascinating study at least by those " of tender years, of morbid excitability, and of excessively nervous temperament," whom therefore he characteristically warns in big type not to road it. | Of course we regret that our Strong Man in journalism should waste his best years I upon these casual Delilah of the imagina- tion. But as it is done, the next thing is to observe how Mr. Stead does it. He makes up his mind that this class of phenomena must be scrutinised and recorded. Accordingly he retreats to the Surrey country-house of a lady who had gone to Girton because of " an almost savage fascination for occult lore," who after leaving Girton had applied herself to the study of the occult side of Theosophy," and then married a black magician in the platonic fashion common to Occultists, early Christians, and Russian Nihilists" (I). In this home of neutral and unimpassioned science he becomes acquainted with four ladies, his hostess being one, who all enjoy the faculty of " bodily duplication," and who project their astral or thought bodies so as to appear to other people at distances of five or fifty miles, as the case may be. No doubt " none ofthoirstatemontscan pretend to the slightest evidential value," with the exception of that of one lady in London, who fancied she saw her Girtonito friend in a dress which the latter turned out not to be wear and at a moment when she had desired to project her otherwise dressed body not to London, but to Wimbledon. Yet these stories have the foremost place in this census, and Mr. Stead became excited by the hope that his friend's astral double might some day appear in his office and be photographed t He seems not to be aware even yet that this photographing of pretended spirits has become a regular business in London, and that we have only to open a prodigiously silly but sincere book published ten years ago by Miss Houghton to find instantaneous portraits of fifty-four " real ghosts," each taken at the time of its appearance. There was indeed one winter an exhibition of these photographic portraits ranging from the wife of Manoah" down to " Tommy's grandmother," and " Mr. Howitt and his daughter with the spirit of his son but London would not look at them. Stranger still, however, Mr. Stead seems to have publicly jumped into this Valley without having ever read the only respectable book upon the subject in recent years, the Psychical Society's " phantasms of the Living." Of course, having read it, he recognises its value, and even proclaims it to be " the great text-book on the subject." But having done so, he devotes the rest of his Christmas number To exploding all the principles of cautious observation upon which that excellent but too credulous book proceeds. He ignorosthefacfc that Mr. Edmund Gurney, the original secretary of the society, admitted that he could not pretend that the whole two volumes amounted to a demonstration of the appearance even of the living; and that Mr. Podmore, the present secretary, has since avowed that in his view the whole 700 cases there do not show a single appearance of the dead. Instead, he fills half the present brochure with graphic stories from their pages, omitting in each case the notes by which they indicate the evidential rank, often contemptuously low, which the society attached to them. And the rest of his Christmas number is taken up in about equal parts With well-known stories which the Psychical Society had already rejected even as matter for the consideration of their readers, and with now narratives, scarcely one of which, in their present unsettled condition, would have been allowed to spot that society's pages. Of course, we speak from a hurried scrutiny of the Real Ghosts." But as the result of that scrutiny it seems too clear that nations of Mr. Stead's narratives is so gifted as to justify its insertion and that while some of them can never attain any better position, others, even according to his own statement, are capable of being so sifted by a few weeks' delay. But the delay is not granted, and here they are all disgorged, truths and falsehoods, like fools and vipers, coaling and crawling around each other from top to bottom of the basket. Elaborate photographs illustrate the Newcastle story of last January, where a poor fellow dying in delirium was so anxious for his photograph that first his father and then some one else called for it- the photographer taking it into his head that the latter was the ghost of the deceased, who did not decease, however, till six hours after the appearance. We have even a photograph of Renfield-street, Glasgow, down which Mr. Dick walked conversing with his father, who had been dead six years. Some of the stories are near half a century old, like that of the Newcastle man, who fought a ghost and got hit by its dog in a cellar, and a graphic but utterly unverified narrative by the son of a Cornish poor." Indeed, in most cases there is no attempt at i verification, and sometimes the story is over told with the suggestion, " If this should be true," what light will it not throw on other things I This is eminently the case with one narrative from Forfar, and another from the north of Scotland, both of which are capable of being proved up to the hilt, and which, as they never have been proved, are almost certainly outrageously false. But the question whether it is permissible in this region " with your bait of falsehood to catch your carp of truth lies at the foundation of the whole question. It was the accumulation of such stories, all of them unverified, which Mr. Stead originally assigned as his reason for faith in the class; and the additional accumula- tion by him of others, still less verified, will be an equally good reason with too many of his readers for ignoring the scrutiny necessary before believing any one of them. We who believe in the Unseen, in its nearness and its sacredness, believe too that human nature has a hunger and a passion for premature communication with it. All experience shows that graphic stories of such communication, even when they are deliberate inventions, and much more when they are backed with good faith, will find believers and imitators. The argument therefore that so many people believe such stories, or even that so many people tell them, is no proof at all of the truth of any particular one of the story, for example, which a nameless gentleman on the top of the Forth Bridge coach told Mr. Stead in October, and promised to verify, which he has forgotten to do. No doubt that story, narrated at length like the others, is said to be given as a sample of the narratives which are reported on every hand if people show any disposition to receive them with interest, or, in fact, with anything But scornful contempt," Of course. That is about the best that can be said for the whole contents of this Christmas number. But a few years ago there was the hope that a beginning was being made in the better work of sifting and distinguishing j the truth in this region from the mass of well-meaning universities. We have tumbled back here into that muddy deluge; and although Catholics, Theosophists, and Spiritualists" find their account in substituting authority for both reason and experiment, we cannot consent to do 