OORRESPONDENCE. THE DEPREESSION-ITS CAUSE AND .REMEDY. TO TOn EDITOR O TRP. IUFFRA 'PReTATOL SIu,--We are living in a young col ony whose area is about equal to that of England, with a soil which ranks amongst the most fertile in the world agd a climate unsurpassed. We can successfully grow all varieties of crop, root or cereal, and produce the. raw material for local manufacturers to profitably fashion marketable articles for home requirements and export to the extent of millions sterling per an num, and also raise stock of all kinds, to say nothing of our mineral and many other natural resources. We are supposed to bhe a free people, be cause we have the power of framing our own laws through our representa tives in parliament. Yet with all these truly great advantages a cloud of depression casts its dark shadow over thseland, our credit stands at a very low ebb on the London market, aind every second person we meet complains do hard times, scarcity of money, etc., and we seem unable to comfortably feed, olothe, and provide isseful and profitable employment for those able to work, in a total population of about a million persons. The only logical deduction of these facts is that we, the people, are responsible for the state of stagnation and depression in which our colony is now steeped. There is no denying that we are an intelligent, fairly educated, and mode. rately energetic people. The question naturally arises in what direction are we to blame for our failure in making use of the many advantages which our colony possesses. In my opinion the answer lies in the word "conserva tism." I do not mean as it is, gener rally understood with us, to distinguish Freetrade from Protection, which is strictly speaking a misnomer conserva tism in its broadest sense means oppo sition to any change in political social or economic rules. Its influence is also felt in the paths of art, science, and literature. That we possess this undesirable relic of nacient narrowness in a phenomenally high degree becotues soon apparent to any thinking person, who has only to look '.around for abundance' of evidence. In 1835 Stevenson, the grestengineer and in ventor of the locomotive, told a ques tioner the speed at which an engine of his construction could travel. In re, turn for which he was pronounced mad in the House of Commons. Only last year one of our most intelligent farmers (to my mind), after careful study of the nature of the soil of his particular farm, decided todopart from the usual time for sawing a crop of oats. In America this man would be looked upon as a studious, inquiring and energetic farmer. Hisoxpericoment would be watched with interest; if successful he would be considered a puotlie benefactor, if unsuccessful he would at least have the sympatly of his neighbours. What do we find here. My friend told mle that people gravely shook their heads when they lIoked.at lhim. to use his own words hoe said smilingly "They all reckoned ue a bit mad." These are worthy sons of our highly respectable progenitors who passed sentence on the greatest inventive engineer the world ever saw. As a matter of fact my friend's crop turned out splendidly. lis success was locally attributed to a fool's luck, in place of giving him credit for deriv ing his theory from practical experi euce, observation and scientific research. We find the same cousorva. tivo spirit at every turn. It was of no avail telling the farmers live years ago that the local markets would be glutted with stock from the adjoiuig colonies. Now that we are sulaering from the results of our own folly, would it not be more manly of us to endeavour to bury our past misfor tunes. In place of groaning under the ills that are upon us and indulging in vain regrets of lost opportunities, would it not bo wiser and nobler to prove our powers of self reoliance, and I employ our mindsi in trying to dovise a systemi of political ocolnolsy lthat is likely to give us somni grounds to loonk forward to solid prosperity isa the future. But ino, the stock tax and b\tttor bonus in the counltry, andi the tifty per cent, town tlduties ire the chief factors in the iuno of our earthly r hopes, and whalt they will nlot do for is we are to extract from the weary brains of a jaded government. Though I am a staunch protectionist I fear that it will not do all that is dOesi ed To my mind we are. not weaving a a system upon which we can solidly v luild our colony; we are" adopting a t policy of artificial expedioency rather I tlian true protection. 'When city p manuofa'turors are highly protected tlhe town flourishes at the expenseof : the counotry. When the country is I1 fortunate enough to be highly protected t the country goes up and the town a down. This is me'rely seesaw, and t does not lead to a permanent improve hI meat of thue whorl colony. Thus we may spend a few more years of our t livbs without materiallly advancing: the interests of the country. Our econo minc ouse has bad foundations. We are building au arch without a key stone. By glancing at history we find that whore the soil is recognised as the motive power of progress that country goes forward. Where large estates are left in the hands of the few that country infallibly declines. Where the few lock up the material of pro gress the manuy must drag . out an existence by artilicial means, such as spoculation; etc., which means a sories of booms nod collapsps. If we recog nise that the land is 'the otllyl true foundation upoll which we can bIuild a listing prosperity, why should we f hesitate to have lhe large estates burst up inito otompact workable farmls. Wo could efl'ct this nad by Act of Pt.rlia ment as'in France, or by direct taxa tion. 'Let us look at our own district where we shall find nine gentliemen the fortunate possessors of 25,000 acres ofmasgnificent lanid: If this area were a sub divided into farms averaging say t 50 tacres, it would give homes and pro. hitable employment 'to 000 families. Each of thseo families isn order to work their farrn'otliciently would have c to give employment to at least twio tnon, as it would be necessary to raise products for export. Thus nine estates in our immediate vicinity could he made to support 1000 in place of nine families. It is not necessary to point ' out the manny advantages which the 11 whole district would derive from the change. Malufactories and export companies would sping up; in short a t hundred and one avenues of industry Ii and paths of usefulness would be opened up that are not now dreamt of. This one instance is only a single illu stration of what could bie done in eovery rich district of the colony. Above and beyond conservatism, I am proud to say that a strong sense of justice 1 permeates the people, which doubtless would causesome to say that it would be unfair to deal so srhitiarily with early settlers and their descendants who bought and paid for their land. This feeling only requires a surface analysis to show that it is a mistaken kindness. Land is held here at, much thie same principle as the Feudal Tenure in Erg- r land. No man actually owns an acre of land in Victoria, lihe is only tlse prp-. prietor of "an interest in asn estats." What:would that interest be worth to tihe large land holders of this district, which is typical of all other districts, t if we had not embarked on' the voy age of our lives in their vicinity. We opened up roads, we brought railways to their doors; we built towns and brought the various civilising agencies and advantages to the very gates of their paddocks. If we now agree to give the large holders the benefit of the' whole of the increpded value that our work has put or their holdings up to 1 date, and in return merely ask them t to accept the present smarket price or t rent, I think we shall have done very fairly by them. A-law of this nature would not he a whit more" revolution ary than that which authorises the bettermeo t'ystem in connection ,with our.railways. I'have endeavouredd to, show that we have the' material in our colony from which we can draw lasting' prosperity. We have th me tns in the shape of the power ofnmaking our own I laws, to nial:o use of that material, and we are imbued with an honesty of purpose which would regulate our hands in dtuling out out fairness and justice to all, and at tile same timne would be carrying out that golden doc trine of doing " the greatest good to the greatest numbirb"Tirb rofi?aid'to take opportunity by the-. hand (for Napoleon truly' said there is :no, tinui so rife for political revolutions as the time of famine), and open the-door of prosperity through bigoted conservatism through false or maudlin principle, or through the vain hope that some wind fall may come to tide us over our, pro seot miaforturs. Then I should say that it i imy humble opinion that a people who would willingly impede the wheel of progress by any of these clogs, deserves to groan and sweat under the many fardels that are now upon us There is one defect in the machinery of our constitution, which it would be well to set right before we could msake sure of having the large estates cut up, even if it were the wish of the majority. At present there are only a few members in the Parliament of Victoria who represent a majority of their constituents. For instance 2 protectionista and 1 freetrado candi date seek election in an electorate (roturning one moluber) which polls 2000 votes. One protectionist candi. date receives a support of 500 votes, tlto other secures 700, and the Free trtadlr 800. Accordinig to Itoexistitg act the freetrader would be rutusrntd, although protection Ihad secured 1200 and tile f'eetrdlt cause only 800, 1001 votes would constitute a mtjor ity, and tho freetradtr is 201 obort of the tttbr. 'This uhow' theu iomaly of a tleltcber beintg retur,.ed by a minority, which was never intended ly theo framersI of our constitution. Their oblject twa govternmentt by ths, ulajority. As lhavo introtlducedl this subject through the ,Icdictn of tho local papelor, I wout!d lilke to stipulato that all tlhost who jiiI itn tht etndaI vour to settl thu poople on the hlads i ahall tmnper their .,vords and actions withl moderation. Let no ode be actua ted by motives of personal greed, or indieidual spleen, But guided by the patriotic wilsh of advancing the general wolfare o? . our' adopted, country. Apologiing flot* trespassing at such leagth. on your valualle aspace. Let the cause be the excuce. Trusting that all true advocates of progress aRd all those- who hope to see Victoria take her place aauongst the nations of the world. with. the title'of "Greater Bri jtaint' shall enlist as supporters of the 0IIOISDALE GHOST. 7I 11 1 0' 