THE ?f«r t)» «M «?« 1Mb M*t»BM r«rU»WTM-fHutB»d»r«ilrt«DM For Da tabu* in the diMa . ABdtht«nd«i-(ncuida* WEDNESDAY, JULY 13, 1892. We an compelled to boll cw our leader oommeniiogon ths lioipltal routing, liutvith regard to Mr Brant' lettr which ivppeared in oar yesterdty's laue, Ueun A T. in.lenon, C. Oartaln, nnd S. CsirJen wist to giro an an-iaa'i8od deaial te tb- statement thit tbajr promUed tin amonnts sUte I. There are cerium othar atttamenU in the lellv which will be traatttl of in due eoorae. - » Tho following nnclsiinil irirai await ownen :— Mufl. B. Oonnon, J. WieaV, K. Johnson, and lu*. KM Mr W.T. Union will sell to-day at 3 o'clock, nt Muljahy'i Uotel, ttirm pi$«, pony, spring car', etc. A public netting will le bald in connection with thi Primitive UetboJist Band of Hope to morrow, ii the chnrch, at 7.3 1 p.m. A lecture and coffei aa?per will b» gtren on Tnealay. Mr S. 0. Htrrii will «ll txlar at II o'clook sWp, on the pnmliei, all the Urxe and taried stock of Us»n Mil»i nnil Co., «*nsiiting of croctry, drapery, ironmongery, boots, et: At it is a cleirinR-out tale, there will be no reserra. There was a general 'opinion pro'ailin; It Eeaha'n throaghiut }-ei'erd-y to the eflo t that the HotplUt mening woall Le a hot 'an. It nalljr woalil tot he out of place if a few of the ODmbatantt would bate bad to giro tlie Hospital a turn for a day or two. A reheunt was held last night at tba P«r. soi'ige for ths Church ot KnjUnJ mialc -l entoi talamen', which will take plaso next ,Frid;iy ereniof, at Iba Central Hull. Knmerom noreltiea wilt be tno'.wlol In ths progninma, which is viriel and oxoallent, an 1 tho pa'iiio can look forward (o a moiicil treat. Acording to the atstemo its of a certal i daily, the piwust depression is duo to tbo strike', which in their tarn again are the remit of Olivar Cromwell cutting off King Charlie's head. It woitd bo well worth knowing what the editor whs wroto that leader had for tin. ; very likely lobster salad, which la agr.inJ pro 1 doer of nlght tnares. Mr 0. BeJborg, the hitd of the Bcc'sa Departmeat at Oobtrt, who recontlr 'did ' ths Weat Coait oi bi-in»s», 6t-te-that the Zochm and Oundai Vrewory Co. is oie qf tha moat eub aUntiat and best eonstraote I oitiWi limont? of iU kin 1 he erer ciras acrou during his oxtonilva eipTrienom. An opinion from snch a quirter ia worth listening to. It ronit hare been n moot .point amongst the apeclators during s little altercation between alawyernnda pilioomannoar the Police Court yesterday whether tbore were not good grounds for laying an infornntlon for using lauguage ealonlata I to provoke a bre leh of the peace. Tho public are (iCJOBlomel to those liltJe affairs inatfe the Zeohtn Ciort. t-nt the/ raw expect t- ase a lively fnlih ontaide before long. At tho Pott Offioo last night it loo'ie 1 as if the ghost of the gool old tim», when ths anils were hnmpsl along via Trial on 'Dick's tack,' had suddenly tarnel ap again. Thore w-u Iho genUl push In front and half a doion or uiiro at erery window, trying to get a gllrnpis into the toning room, in order t) sea whsther 'oar Qeeres' would not soon open the shop. The mail was a large sne, inctaling English Utters, ' which but aecamnlated at Hobart since Tliuraday laat. Bpeskingot the gool oil times, those- who are JoitifiiJ in writing their name as Patrick S littklna, Pioneer of Zoehan— are not likely to forget how Beeves, the postmaster, and the genial Mr Fisher, tha operator, boast about in thi old end rickety henooop, ever smiling nn I having a kind word of tender recognition -sren for the humbliest of their anmeroua ouetumera. In tho face of ths statements that the business people ot the West Coast are eonplaiaing abiat the bod times, it is very eitiifactorjr to hear that some of them are still adding to tbeiresUbliah nents— a fact that shows sufficiently their confi dence la Iho future of th- Field. Messrs Orav Bw. aniOroS'l, who, thougii not b;inj etas tit one ot our pioneer firms, have gatnel a name equal to any on the i7i»M, hare just fittel npa dross-making department, which his boon .en trusted to Mias 8 rarbery, who, having gained her first etperionco in tha employ of Mstara M« «hil I and Snellgrore, tho we'.l-knowa London anl Paris honsa, has made a rsvntation for herself in New Zealand anil Vict-ria sinos bar arriral in tha colonies. There is little nee I to mention that Mestn Crtw Bros, and Creed have on hand a large and varied stock of dress material, which ia a matter that goes without s tying. 