LOCAL NEWS. Public High School ron Boys.-In our adver- tising columns appears the programme to be observed in connection with the opening by the Minister of Public Instruction of the Public High Subool for Boya, which has been erected at EftBt Maitland. The Minster will arrive by the train at about one o'clock. Adelina Patti'b Throat.-One day Sir Morell Mackenzie asked from curiosity to see Patti's throat. "I was frightened," she said: "thought something was the mutter, and they would not tell me j but Nicolini persuaded me, and Mackenzie covered up his head and made me say 'Oh,' 'Ah,! and open my mouth wide enough to swallow all the otlier prima donnas. Well, he said that I had the throat of a girl of 20 ; that the vocal ehords were absolutely normal ¡ that I could sing for another 10 years. ThiB repaid me for my fright." The Australian Edition of the " Bbview op Bbviews."-From Bobert A. Thompson and Co., Melbourne, the sole wholesale agents for Austral- asia, we have received a copy of the first number of the Australian edition of the Review of Reviews. It is the number for June, and the Australian editor i is the Bev. W. H. Fitchett, of Melbourne. A special I cover has been designed for the Australian edition, the central feature in it being the world encircled by a ring like that of Saturn, bearing the title, Review of Reviews, while " Australia" is inscribed upon an outline of the continent appearing in its pro- per place on the globe. Accessories of the design are the Australian flag, the golden fleece, the kangaroo, the rose, shamrock, and thistle, portraits of Mr. Stead and Mr. Fitchett, and the brief index appears on the pageB of an opened book at the bot- tom of the picture. The Australian contents are a historical article, " The Progress of the Colonies," written after Mr. Stead's fashion of describing the progress of the world. This article is illus- trated with portraits of Mr. Dihbs, Mr. Holder, Lord and Lady GlaBgow, Mr. Eddy and Mr. Schey ; it is followed by a list of books relating to Aus- tralia, a diary and obituary with portraits of Lord Ancram and Sir Harry Atkinson, Australian poetry for the month, an address by Mr. Stead to English Bpeaking people, a short article on Australian weekly journals, something about Austtalian cari- caturists with examples of their work, and a review of certain Australian State papers. The frontispiece is a sheet containing small photographic portraits of the members of the Australian Federation Convention of 1891. It must be underBtooi that the Australian part is an addition to the usual and familiar English Edition of the Review. The design of the cover was selected and elaborated from a number of competitive sketches received by Mr. Stead in London. The Australian pages form an interesting addition to the June number of the Review, but we can scarcely judge by these initial steps of the new departure to what extent they will make the publication more permanently valuable. Miss Bessie Doyle.-Lovers of music and theatre goes generally will hail with delight the ad- vent to this town on Thursday, August 4 next, of the charming and justly celebrated violinists, Miss Bessie Doyle, and an exceptionally powerful concert company, comprising such artists as Madame Vanderveer Green, the handsome and accomplished contralto ; Mr. William Walshe, the favourite tenor and Mr. Chas. Huenerbein, under whose manage- ment Miss Doyle will make her first appearance in Maitland. The Sydney press have been most eulogistic in their praise of this gifted young artiste, who, we may state, in this connection is a native of the Maitland district. Owing to arrange- ments already made for the appearance of the com- pany elsewhere, only one concert can be given, when no doubt the hall will be crowded to its utmost capacity. The Sydney Morning Herald, speaking of Miss Doyle's performances, says : " Miss Doyle chose for her first number Wieniawski's Legends (Op, 17), where her graceful bowing gave full expression to the plaintive opening the alle- gretto movement which followed was interpreted with rare delicacy, the technical difficulties were mastered with a precision and finish very exceptional in a young artist, the pianissimo notes illustrated the dictum of a celebrated teacher and absolutely ' breathed' from the strings. Miss Doyle is as fortunate in her instrument as in her method, and the pure tones of her responsive violin .^ye a delight alike to educated and uneducated ii'lfcra; her double recall was sympathetically en- thusiastic. The violiniste's second number was Vieuxtemps's Air Varie, a composition peculiarly calculated for a display of technique. It is in such pieces that Miss Doyle specially shines 5 she playB on her instrument with the joyous air of a mistress showing off a pet bird's charms ¡ her octave passages and harmonics are singularly pure ; her arpeggios, scales, shakes, are delicately light. The Legende gives her an opportunity for some very fine work both on the E &nd; G strings, and the.brilliant verve of her variations created a furore which waB not to be gainsaid. As an encore she played a .mazurka by Wieniawski, a joyous, spirited dance air, bearing the characteristics of the composer's nationality, and charmingly interpieted. Latpr Mies Doyle played (by request) Sitt's lovely muted .Barcarole,' a musical dream which apparently frenzied her audience, and which was partially re- peated from an encore." The advertisement else- where gives information about business particulars. A Suicidal Duck.-On Saturday last, Messrs, Capper*' Perkin duck, imported in March last from England, was found dead at the poultry farm, St. Peter's, West Maitland. As it had been apparently quite healthy on the previous evening, and had never shown any signs of Biokness, a posr-mortam examination of the body was held by Mr. Jack Denn, manager of the farm. In the gizzard was found the cauBO of death. The voracious duck had not only swallowed gravel but nails and tacks. There were in the gizzard five 2J inch wire nails, an inch screw and five inch tacks. One of the nails had pierced the wall of the gizzard and wounded the liver, and a point of a second had madu its wny through also. It is supposed that coming oS the voyage the duck was greedy for grit, and eat anything that came in her path. The indigestible meal taken it is imagined in March produced no ill result till now, and it is j presumed would have done no injury now if-the nails had been without points. The lose to Messrs Capper is considerable, but Jaok Dean has seventeen young ducks from eggs laid by the suicide, and some of them will probably be ready for exhibition at Singleton next month. _ Perhaps some of our readers may know of similar instances of ducks emulating ostriches. The Vibit of ûIr. Eugene Stock.-Mr. Stock .preached at St. Mary's Church on Sunday last, morning and evening, to very large congregations, the church being full on each occasion. In the morning the preacher spoke from Acts i, 9th verse, "And when He had spoken these things, while they beheld, He was taken up out of their Bight," and pointed out that the things referred to in the text were His promise that the disciples should receive power after the Holy Ghost had come upon them, and the command that they should preach the Gospel unto the uttermost part of the eartb, which meant to the early Christians even to Great Britain. Of the last two great commands of Christ one of them, namely "Do this in remembrance of Me," , had been undoubtedly obeyed, while the other, "Go, teach all nations," had been signally neglected. It was high timo that the Church awoke to a sense of its responsibility. If we were Christians we ought to obey the command of Christ, and if wo could not go ourselves we ought to aid those who went and endeavour by help and sympathy to evangelize the world. In the evening the subject was Ezekiel's vision of the valley of dry bones, which the preacher spiritualized as a picture of the world lying in a state of heathen darkness and death. As the prophet was commanded "io prophecy to the bones, so ought we to obey the command to preach to tbe heathen, bb the prophet obeyed God's command, and we, too, should pray that God's Holy Spirit may breathe life into those who are spiritually dead. Mr. Stock then spoke of the immense number of those heathen peoples who are still ignorant of the Gospel, and the important duty of sending tidings of salvation to every part of the world. Mr. Stock spoke with great earnestness and most impressively to congregations who listened to him with marked attention. Special hymns-one o£ them the composition of the incumbent-were . sung, and special music rendered the services bright * and interesting. In the afternoon Mr. Stock ad- dressed the Sunday school teachers in St. Mary's Hall. The Approaching Show at Singleton.-Else- where will be found an advertisement, over the signature of Mr. Poppenhagen, Secretary of the Northern Agricultural Association, reminding intending exhibitors that entries close on Wednes- day, July 27, for Singleton Show, but may be sent by wire at press rates up to ten o'clock in the .evening of that day. The Hunter River Water and Sewebaqe Board.-The Herald of yesterday says:-The members of the newly-appointed Water and Sewerage Brard whose jurisdiction will be in the Hunter River district, in accordance with the terms of the Act passed last session, have recommended the appointment of their professional and clerical staff Mr. Lyne, the Minister for Works, baa ne «p ted the recommendations, but he, as head of the Works Department, has yet to appoint a secre- tary, an accountant, and an engineer. The general staff and the salaries to be paid are as follow : Mr. J. G. O'Connor, chief clerk, ¿300 per annum; Mr. Chas. Nibble, shorthand and typewriter, ¿6175 per annum ; Mr. H. R. Thurlow, jun., olerk, ¿75 per annum ; Mr. Geo. F. Beeston, cashier, ¿125 p»rannum; Mr.G R. Cuthbertson,aBSÍBtantcasbier, ¿50 per annum ; Mr. Montague E. Cooke, rates regis- ter and leager keeper, ¿125 per annum ; Mr, Prosper de Mestre Harl, assessor, ¿250 per annum ; Mr. Edmund Thomas, first assistant, ¿160 per annum ; and Mr. A. R. Assher, second assistant, ¿100 per annum. Three cadets will be recommended at the next meeting of the board. Although Mr. Lyne has not definitely decided upon the three officials he has to appoint, he will probably choose Mr. J. B. Henson, at present an assistant engineer under the Sydney Water and Sewerage Board, as engineer, at a salary of ¿400 per annum, the same as the remuneration attaching to his present posi- tion, and Mr. A. Fry, of Newcastle, as accountant, at a salary of ¿350 per annum. Possibly Mr. Fry will be aBked to occupy the dual position of secre- tary and accountant, and if the offices are combined the salary will be inoreased. The Minister will deal with thia matter during the present week. Sad Death by Burning.-Yesterday afternoon» atthe Maitland Hospital, Mr. Brooks, P.M., coroner» held an inquest into the circumstances attending the death of a child, Florence Cook, aged between 8 and 9 years. It seemed from the evidence that the unfortunate child, who was a native of East Maitland, but who subsequently went with her mother and father to Lamb's Valley, was playing near to a fire which had been lighted in a hollow tree on Saturday evening at a spot distant about one hundred yards from the house. On Sunday the children of the household, including the deceased, went out to play about the place. Mre. Cook was not well, and was about to lie down when she saw the child with her clothes burning near the log, which was in flames. She called to her husband, who rushed to the place, and at once attempted to remove the child's wearing apparel. In doing so his hand was badly burned. Seeing that the child was very much injured Mr. Cook had her conveyed in a buggy to the Maitland Hospital where she was received by the Matron on the same evening. Dr. Pentland was sent for, and was promptly in attendance. Upon examination of the patient he found that the nature of the injuries was such that no hope could be given of the recovery of the deceased, who died about midday yesterday. The jury found that death resulted from burns accidentally received. Maitland Hospital -There are at present six- teen patients under treatment at the Maitland Hospital. The caBes are chiefly those requiring surgical attention. A New Idea in Photography.-We have been shown by Mr. Pickering, High-Btreet, West Mait- land, some silk handkerchiefs upon which figures of citizons are represented, and the werk, which has been done under a new process, is very effective. A Pleasant Surprise.-Yesterday, the em- ployés ot the firm of Messrs. Brunker and Wolfe presented through Mr. J. H. Brunker, J.P., to Mr. Charles Giles' infant boy a silver ring, Bilver knife, fish spoon, and electric teething band, in apprecia- tion of the esteem in which Mr. GileB was held by his fellow employés, and the valuable service he had rendered in the office. Mr. Giles and those associated with him bave worked together on very amicable terms. Mr. Giles made a suitable reply. Fkozen Meat Trade.-Messrs. J. H. Geddes and Co. (the Pastoral Finance Association, Limited) reports being in receipt of the following special advices from their London A gents, MesarB. Dangar, Grant and Co., giving latest London quotation for Home and frozen mutton, etc. In view of less encou'aging reports recently circulated the figures are especially interesting, coming as these do from such a reliable source. Prices per stone of 8 lbs : Mutton, Sydney, 2s 5d ¡ New Zealand, North Canterbury, 2s 8d to 2s lOd ; New Zealand, other districts, 2s 5d to 2a 7d j Biver Plate, 2a 4d ; Scotch ewes, 3s lOd to 4s 2d ; English withers, 4a 8d to 5s 2d ; English eweR, 3s 6d to 4s ¡ Foreign town killed wpthers, 4s 4d to 4s 6d¡ Foreign town killed ewes, 3s 2d to 3s Gd. Lambs, New Zealand, 3s 8d to 3s lOd ; English, 5s to 5s 6d. Presentation at Botheury.-At the conclusion of the special evening service held in St. Paul'B, Bothbury, a congregational meeting was held and presided over by the incumbent (Eev. W. Tollis), and in the presence of a very large congregation Mr. J. B. Holmes of the Wilderness, Allandale, was made the recipient of a handsome silver Balver. The Eev. Mr. Tollis made the prinoipal speech of the evening, and expressed the pleasure he felt at presiding over such a large and representative gathering, and referred at considerable length to the exertions of Mr. Holmes on behalf of the Church of England. Not only in the parish of Lochinvar, but as a lay representative ho had taken a deep interest in the church throughout the diocese of Newcastle, and more especially to the manner in which he (Mr. Holmes) had discharged the duties of Lay Baader in the distriot of Bothbury for a period of fif ry years, and he was more than pleased to see that the congregation of St. Paul's had appreciated Mr. Holmes' labours. The rev. gentle- man concluded a powerful address by calling upon Mr. I'yman to make the .presentation, which that gentleman did in a very graceful manner, and in a very neat and appropriate speech. Mr. Holmes very feelingly tha> ked the congregation for their expression of goodwill towards him. It mav be mentioned that the Balver was from the well-known firm of Elkington and Co., Sydney, and was a mas- terpiece of the silversmith's art. It bore the following inscription : "Presented (0 J. B. Holmes, Esq., by the congregation of St. Paul's, Bothbury, as a token of esteem, and in recognition of his long and valuable services aB lay-reader. 14th July, 1892." j People's Concerts at the School oF Arts. The second of a series of concerts arranged, took place in the hall of the School of Arts on Friday evening. A small audience gathered.. The pro- gramme opened with an overture on the piano- forte by Mr. Stanton. Messrs. Berthold and Adams rendered a duet, by request, " Let us dance on the Sands," very effectively. An impersonation of " Old Mother Shipton" was given by Mr. Frank Ward, who sang a plaintive ditty. Then came "Remember Me," by Mr. Berthold, who was heartily applauded. It was succeeded by the Lan- cashire clog dance by Mr. J. Coleman. Then came an Irish character song by Mr. E. Coleman, which was well recEived. Mr. M. Adams sang, "Unfurl the Banner," which was greatly appreciated. A farcical sketch by Messrs. Gordon, Berthold, and Ward brought down the house. The second part opened with a quadruple song and dance by the Messrs. Coleman Bros, and Gordon, and they were received with tremendous applause. Mr. M. Adams sang " Rocked in the cradle of the deep." Mr. F. Ward gave a comic song, "The 'Appy, 'Appy 'Ome," and was recalled, after which Mr. T. Gordon sang,' in negro character, " The Old Home," Mr. Berthold rendered " My Pretty Jane," and was loudly applauded. The perform- ance concluded with a lively negro walk round, with songs and dances interspersed, in which the whole company took part. The next concert is announced to take place on the 5th August. 