AUSTRALIAN MYTHS. {Bdgraeia.) The Australian aborigines have a carious myth with regard to the origin of water. They say diat originally diere was no water in Australia- They got along very comfort - ably without it till one day some adventurous spirit suggested that they ought to do some thing to procure it. A solemn conclave was held and they determined to apply to the oldest and wisest inhabitant as to the course to be pursued to attain their object. The venerable native listened to their complaint and told them that the water was contained in die stomach of a gigantic toad which lived in a cave at the top oi one of their highest mountains. AH that was required was to make him laugh, when the water would rnu out of his mouth. Another great consultation «as held, when it was decided that all the animals ehould be asked to give their cooper ation to obtain the desired result. This they readily agreed to, and natives and animals repaired in a great body to the toad's moun tain to try their powers in die way of laugh raising. The first to Drake the essay waa the ass! He brayed so loud that he might have been a demagogue expatiating on the crimes of the classes as against die virtues of the masses. He shook his long ears till they rattled again, he lacked his heels higher into the air than any donkey had elevated diem before, be cat the most fantastic capers, all to no use, and die toad did not so ranch as wink an eyelid. Crestfallen, die donkey retired, and the cock strutted up with a pelf-satistied air as though he and he alone knew the secret of how to make die toad laugh. But alas for the vanity of feathered aspirations, bis crow ing and napping of wings had no more effect than his predecessor's braying, and he too retired discomfited. One after die other all die animals, birds, and fishes, tried their best to raise a laugh, but with no better success. At last when everybody was beginning to despair came die eel wriggling along on die ground, and, strange to relate, the toad blinked an eyelid and watched its contortions. Seeing this the eel raised himself into an arch and walked along on hi* head and his tail. Those watching the gigantic toad saw the muscles of his month begin to quiver. Now the eel twisted himself into a single knot and walked solely on his bead. Lo ! and behold, the toad smiled, and out of each side of his mouth water began to trickle down. Seeing this die eel redoubled his efforts, he twisted himself into a double knot and walked jauntily along on bis head and taO. This extraordin ary performance was too much for the toad, he opened his month and laughed loud and long. Out gushed the water in a mighty tor rent down the mean tain -side, and spreading over die country formed rivers, lakes, and pools; and down, too, came the natives, re joicing that at last they would have an abun dance of water. The following story shows that ghosts can be vindictive in Victoria, and resent meddling with die body they once inhabited. A man travelling in die coontry of a friendly tribe, came upon a deserted habitation. Abore the doorway he saw the tunul crooked stick, pointing in the direction die family bad taken, and all round die place pieces of bark covered with white clay indicating a death. He found tracks leading to a tree in which he soon dis covered a dead body. Anxious to kiiow who had died he laid donu his rug and weapons at the foot of the tree and ascended it. On re found that it was a friend. He wept for a long time, then went away. He had not gone far when he heacd some magpies making a strange. He turned round to see what it was, and to his terror saw the ghost of the de so terrified he could not move, but managed to address it in these terms: 'Why do you □ever did you any harm ? It never spoke, but followed him for a considerable distance, scratching his back with his n&iib;, and then returned to the tree. When be reached his friend* he told them vtaat ha I happened, showed them his back lacerated and bleeding, and said he bad a presentiment that something bad would befall him l»efore long. At the next meeting of die tribes he was speared through the heart. The PnU Mail Gazette says:— 'The Catholic Church is one of the largest landowners in Queensland, the first Bishop of Brisbane (Dr. Janies Quinu) having been a smart business mau as well as an energetic prelate. Bis successor. Archbishop Dunue, also takes a keen interest in the soil. In a n*.-ent speech he remarked : ' When I was a parish priest at Toowoomba (the constituency represented by the late Speaker), so keenly did I advocate laud settlement that often at Mass, I read the announcing where land had been thrown ope.ii non was observed on Thursday last, writes the Hrrf#Tton Attrrrl^rrai the 2Sth of October. Abont 10'loa.m., and for about an hour, the son, although shining brilliantly, was sur rounded by a large ami perfect rarona of leaden hue, fringed with a beautiful rainbow, which was, after a while, reflected in a wider but somewhat later. Solar carouse, rarely observed owing to the brightness of the sun, are of special (significance in meteorology, anr indicate great perturbation in the weather. Some three years ago a solar c-»rona was observed at Cooktown. On the same day news was received of the great floods in China, This time agaiu the corona closely follows the overflow of die Yellow River in China, which has just been announced. 