The tats of Hocking Hall \- t !W — _ - _ In. the latter part of thesummerof 18— I 'was travellingover the county of Hooking- I found myself as the shades of evening fell in one of those lonely and gruesome hollows for which the Black Jack region of Hocking County is justly famous. I thought to myself, as I sat down upon the moist and spongy en4 of a rotten log to rest and gather my soattered thoughts, it 1 were looking for the locu3 ©f a ghost story I wouldn t ask for a better outni man spread before me. At my feet ran the babbling brook. solemn and lonsesome wood might have been the ..very place dipioted by the haunted im agination of the unfortunate Aram. The lines came to my mind : — Tn a lonesome wood, 'neath heaps of leaves, X hid. the murdered mnn. And this creek, winch widens a little fur ther on into a black pool, where its erst while lively and ' sparkling waters find a slothful rest, why might it not be the Sluggish, water, dark and deep, in whcse bosom the murderer sought to con ceal his victims. Suddenly, there were the premonitory rumblings of one of those sadden and violent electrical storms which were exceedingly common during the summer referred to. Almost before I could bestir myself the face of the heavens was black with the ele mental wrath and the tops of the giant oaks were tosBing in the breeze like so many arms lifted in supplication to the storm king. I 'rose and walked rapidly along the fhread of the stream up to the head of the hollow. I had not gone more than three hundred yards when I emerged at the edge of the woods and found myself in an open space in the midst of which stood a houBe built of logs, but weatherboarded. The surroundings of the house were some- f_ _ a 15 fllL ._ T 3 _ _ ... £ —mL wnai peculiar. xae oiearea epace, ux wuiuu it was seemingly the exact centre, was hewed out of primeval forest in a square, whose sides were possibly two hundred yards. About the house, and inclosing what might have been a garden spot, save that the vegetation seemed to have died long ago, ran a slab fence. As I passed across the inolosure to the house, I was peculiarly struck with the fact that the soil of the in closure was dry and friable, although the ground in the immediate vicinity indicated that it. had rained bat recently. I also noticed with astonishment that the weedB and withered vegetation of the garden was so dry that . it cracked and broke beneath, my feet with the brittleness of finest glass. The fence, which I have re ferred to, was decayed, but not ont of repair ; that is, there was a general mouldering away, but no specific breaks or breaches to indicate teat it had been the object of misus≥ or the wear and tear of ordinary occupancy. An old-fashioned well- sweep stood in front of the house, a little to the right, and beckoned me with cooling enticement in that feast of drought. I approached and bent over the curb — the well was as dry as the rich man's eye at the funeral of his poo? relation. The stones at the bottom, stained with the traces of moss which had dried and fallen off, looked thirst. There were no signs of life about— no cautions rooster Becking shelter from the approaching storm, no house cat on the settle with plaintive cry begging for admittance. Not even the friendly dog came rushing ont, as was usually his wont, to bid me " deep- mouthed welcome" and wipe his incisofls off on my trousers. A crow, which perched at the further end of the inclosure, as I ap proached flew off and winged his lazy flight to the highest branch on the highest tree at the top of the opposite hill. With him de parted all the life of the place. I don't think I was ever so oppressed with loneliness and the sense of destitution as I was in that short moment which it took me to cross that inclosure and make the observa tions whioh I have imperfectly detailed. Bat the storm in the meantime had grown in fury, and the clouds were threatening in stant, and I thought welcome, precipitation upon teat thirsty ground. I could not delay longer my reluctant application for admit tance, for I confess that there was something about tee house which made me shiver when I thought of entering. The small windows, of the most antique pattern, seemed to be eyeing me with, a sinister and curious mean ing, as if surprised at my temerity. I ap proached the door, whioh was raised about two feet from the ground, and was reached by three steps of rough stone. I knocked timidly at first, but there was no response save the faint echo of my knooking. Then, emboldened by my first efforts and by tee violence of the threatening storm, which seemed rolling on towards the inclosure from all portions of the sky, I knocked again, tbiq time so vigorously that the loud reverbera tions rolled throngh the empty rooms re- tamed to my ear in repeated echoes. My heart beat rapidly, for I was sure I heard a step within. It seemed to proceed from an upper chamber, and came slowly, stealthily down the stair. The door evidently led into a hall and the stairs led close to it. The steps continued to approach and the action of my heart quickened until I shut my teeth tightly to hold it in. At last the feet reached the floor. I think I would have fled from the place, but I hadn't the power. The thing, whatever it was, for I now began to believe that I wa9 in the country of the supernatural, and wouldn't have been sur prised to have had the devil himself open the door and invite me in, paused at the landing. I tried to look careless and unconcerned, but that effort assumes! the same air of general delapidation. e Presently the presence satisfied itself turned and walked down the hall and was loBt to my car. Everything was deathly still again and my repeated knooking only awoke the echoes, which, proceeding from those hollow rooms, seemed almost to have the sentience of a human voice. I now determined to solve the mystery whatever the result. It would be a good place for counterfeiters, and in the event that supposition was true I would probably be subjected to thq embarrassment of having my tongue cut out. However, in my present state curiosity fast overcame fear, awfl after once more assailing the door with my knock ing, I placed my shoulder againBt it to force it. I had braced, myself for a hard tussle ant I felt a little natural embarrassment and con- fusion when J found myBtfl «praw)ipg op 1 aooriuthehall. 1 I was sure I heard a low j which I took to issue from feminme j in my ear. I scrambled to my feet, mentally I framing a graceful apology for my mState entrance, but to my astonishment I was alone— horribly alone ! I examined the door and found that at the first tee lock had fallen from its Decay, the slow decay of time and idleness, wm over everything. The hall was short and 1 bare and contained nothing but the rude st""" I wav which, without DaiustrauB, rr Sins in the floor abow and probably a hallway of similar dimension. On fte loft I was a small room bare of ornament. An old- f fashioned bedstead with high red in one corner. Opposite andnear thewindow stood a littfcrwashstand with stone bowl ani pitcher. I looked into tee pitcher; it was dry. There was no water in it, but atroe 1 bottom of the bowl I thought I aiscerneda red incrustation which might have t been -blood. I remembered that the stain of I human blood was the last thing to fed© away. It remained , to testify to the horror its spilling occasioned long after tee memory of the event had faded from the minds of men. I can't describe my sensations j as I contemplated this simple thing, j It seemed to my excited imagination j iat I could feel the presence of something ; behind me bending over my shoulder. The same chilly breath was on my cheek which I felt, but have yet failed to mention, as through the keyhole of the floor when the presence stopped at the foot of th© stairs. With an effort I shook the horror off and turned for farther investigation. 1 ap proached tee bed. The storm which I had forgotten in my new-found interest had deepened the shadows of evening until the light which struggled through the small window became a shadow before it reached that corner of the room. As I bent my steps — XL.i. J — x.l_ - I AAnln m umi aireououtae preueuua wuwu x wu not see, but which I was sure had been at j my back ever since I entered the house, 1 shifted its position, and now seemed to j stand between me and the bed, retreating I backward as I approached. I was sore of j this, because I felt its breath on my face, j As I stooped over the bed I was sore I again 1 saw traces of blood. It was on tee pillo ws I whose white cases had turned yellow with time, and in the shadow I thought I discerned it in profusion on the counterpane. The coverings of the bed were tossed about in a way which would suggest that its last oc cupant had been suffering with the night mare. As I beat further down to examine the blood spots more minutely I became conscious of icy hands about my throat. I struggled to free myself, but my efforts were ineffectual. Presently the hands loosened their grasp, and it seemed something sank sack into the bed with a gurgling and sickening groan as if dying from strangu- : ation. I fled aghast from that room and started for the hall door bent upon immediate escape from this chamber of mysteries. To my con sternation tee look bad been replaced and the door resisted my most strenuous efforts to ! open it. I rushed into the room on the right ; the window was tightly boarded up, a fact I had failed to note while outside. I was a prisoner in that honse of horrors, without the physical power now to escape even if & way had been opened to me. My knees smote together and the cold sweat stood ont on my forehead. The room in which I was had evidently served as a kitchen and dining- room. it appeared as if it had been left hastily after a meal, but if so, it must have been years ago, for tee remnants of tee re past had only left stains upon the moulder ing cloth. The furnishings of the table were crude and of a pioneer date ; the plates were of a yellow crockery and the bowls and cups of antique pattern; in the wide fire place the old-fashioned crane swung with an iron pot hanging to its arm. In my utter despair some part of my nerve returned, and I was enabled to again move about. The paralysis which fear had laid upon my limbs had fallen off, and I now determined upon further investigation. I was getting used to things, and. the icy presence whioh still stood by my side was not entirely intolerable. I determined to go up the stairs and see what new revelations would be vouchsafed in the upper story. The night without was black, and I could hear the deep thunder peals and sea flashes of lightning. In tee natural course of events I thought the house should be dark ; but while the night had grown from gray to black there seemed to be no change in the condition of the light within the honse. The atmosphere still had that sickly yellow hne whioh you sometimes see when the evening sun sinks beneath a black cloud. It as peculiar in this, too, that it seemed to along before me, while the space at some dis tance was totally obscured in the shadow. By tee aid of the light, then, I found the door and began the ascent of tee stairs. As I ascended I could hear footsteps immediately behind me. They stopped when 1 did, and when about half way up the stair I heard again the same feet descending which had thrilled me when I stood outside the door. I could feel tee presence pass me on the way and I thought I felt the touch of its hand. I locked at my hand at the point of contact, and a bright red spot glowed there. The apparition, or whatever it was, passed on my left, or the outside of the stairway, and I oould feel the ghostly companion at iriy back shudder and crowd to the wall, sensibly pushing me to one side in its eagerness to avoid the other shade. Evidently, I thought, for I was now enough composed to think, there is not entire harmony in this ghostiv household. , J I now proceeded to the top without inter ruption and shade No. 1 resumed its place at my back At the landing, however? I per- ceived that my companion stopped. I took several steps to the door on the right, white led to a chamber over tee kitchen? I llfavl the latch and entered. To my surprise, hut not consternation tor my nerve wascom- pletely restored, the door was sharply dosed after me, and I was left in total darkness The yellow light was gone and themvsteril ous presence had also departed. I groiS mt way to the window which opened on the in closure at the back of tee house and tried t» thro w up the sash, but it resisted y efforts. fury, bnt upon a oloeer look I sawKJ?1 1 eleatod epaoe to white I have alluded i I which I noticed as being extremely a 1 seemed to be wholly escaping the heavy 5' 1 wbioh was falling about us. From m 1 window I could see the lofty wall of wonA at the back and a portion on each ride 2 1 extending «P ft0 top I could j ceire the edge of the rainfall, like a cryXi \ wall, exactly co- incident with the irT formed ly the trees. This, then, was th! I explanation of the excessive dryness. Tf place was cursed. As I turned again to the room I becaaa oonsoious of a change in the condition ofth! ' light. The glow was very faint at first hSt " gradually intensified until the objects in th« 1 room were easily discernible. The light im! f of much the same quality as that already referred to, only stronger ; and now I pe/ ceived that it proceeded from a candelabra©? a table near the window, with three branches each holding a wax taper. While wrapped I in wonderment at this phenomenon I becam| aware of a warm and comfortable sensation creeping over me, and, looking around, be held a cheerful fire in the old-faehioned'op grate at my back. " This is excellent," J thought, and seating myself in a curiously carved oaken chair before the fire, I began to leisurely examine the contents of the room in detail. There was a richness about every, thing that ill comported with the wild- ness of the region and the finish of the I room. Evidently these trappings of luxury had been used to better days and other climes. There was an air of Oriental profusion in the furnishings that suggested the nativity of the owner, but there was aho each a diversity in tee designs and workman ship of the various articles that even an nn- j practiced eye could readily see they had been collected from many quarters of the globe. I at once made up my mind that the mysterious 1 owner was a Beafaring man possibly a pirate who for some detected crime was forced to seek safety in this place, remote from the base of his marauding operations. The table whereon sat the light was littered with books, maps and nautical instruments, and upon its stand, near a richly-upholstered chair by the table, which swung on its inclined img The room looked as if the occupant had just left it, and bnt for a short time. While I was musing upon these strange | things the door softly opened and a man i richly clad in garments of Oriental mag&ifi.; i cence entered. He was smoking a long | Turkish pip©, and the pungent fragrance of tee tobacco brought up to my imagination all tee poetical charms of the Orient. I was about to 8 peak, but saw that, although he turned his eyes to teat portion of the room where I sat, he did not observe me. He passed quickly across the room to the chair by the table and sank contentedly back in its cushions. He was in deep meditation, and as he held his rapt gaze on the opposite wall he took long draughts at his pipe and filled the room with the fragTant smoke. Presently he laid aside the pipe, took a parchment map from the table, and with his instrument was soon lost in some intricate problem. I don't know how long we sat thus, but it I couldn't have been many momenta until the I latch again clicked and another figure entered the room. The figure in the chair j didn't raise its eyes, and was evidently ( unconscious of the second presence, j The intruder was a man dressed after the same general fashion of the first, in an I inferior style, which indicates the rank of a I servant. His features, wrought with passim, j showed teat he was a native of some of those I countries which border tee Mediterranean, possibly a Greek. The features of the ! master, whom I now turned to, as they wen j eagerly bant over his map, showed that In j had been born in a oolder clime, but they had | the bronze which only the tropical sun can I While I was mttlrmg three observations the 1 second figure had glided around the room and I was standing, back of the chair and partially j leaning over the sitting man. The move- j ment had evidently been unobserved by the I latter. j I looked into the face of the servant, anfl if ever murder cried out from features it I certainly did from these. In & twinkling be j had whipped a curved and murderous knife j from his belt, and bending down he placed his hand over the mouth of the man in the chair, bent his head back until the throat was well exposed, and teen he drew the ton I Wllfa fiAtwca slmAcf fiavntnurv Kpftii. i wiuiwuw _ The blood gushed out in torrents, but flu murderous slave held his hand tightly over tee mouth of the victim until ho was sure life had parted ; teen he dropped the heafl, which fell limply to one side, exposing the ghastly wound, and again passed out the floor. I heard his footfalls on the stairs. I h®" heard them before. They were tee same which responded to my first 'knocking, the same which passed me on my way to the fat® chamber. I arose and followed quickly to the land" ing. The man had passed down to th® door and was standing in an expeeton attitude, evidently awaiting the approach ot some one. Presently I heard the fresh notes of A sdhg without, and following the door wjj opened and a young girl, carry lug A caui and shielding its flame from the wind wt her hand, entered. She had no more taw stepped across the threshold when the sprang upon her. There was a strugg » and the delicate girl was hustled mtci _ room I first described. I heard a si tin shriek, a gurgling groan, and then all still. t In the intensity of my agonised horror found my voice and called aloud. , Just as I shouted the storm eeemou gather all its thunder in one bolt, w ©pent with a mighty and deafening The earth shook, the fabric of that ho crumbled about me and the uncanny SP flew shrieking to their confines. It was all a ghastly vision, naught haselees fabrio of a dream. I , . riwain- asleep by tee babbling brook, and in land witnessed horrors that even now so real as to cause me to shudder. Vkby Wboso. — " You did wrong Dawson a flannel-mouthed duffer. isn't he P' " Of oonrse he ha tbtinkft, and Dawson's month d 