-^h^d^^f [By Focds'em.] A Bad, Cold, . Damp. Entirely. ? ; Fatal day for ' ' ?? ' Great swells .who are - Hampered with patent leathers. I, Focus'em say so and meant it; . Jollity at St. Stanislaus on Monday. Kanaka slave recruiting started al ready. , '?'? Long night social on. Monday, at the Masonic Hall. . ? .; More rain falling, and winter fairly set in. Neville at the Police Court on sus picion of attempting to abscond from bail. Over forty-eight divorce caseB in tho Melbourne courts, for hearing. Possibility of Max O'Rell visiting Bathurst before he leaves the country. Quiet business, more tight and times very dull in Bathurst and elsewhere. Real good time in Bathurst next week. First the Wilson-Forbes and then the- . Misses Albu. ? . Share market in a slate of collapse, everything seems going down and noth ing up. The ' plain unvarnished truth ' ^ apt to be pretty rough. ' Uganda natives are complaining of tho brutality of British settlers, who rob and enslave them. Very little doing iu the streets of ? Bathurst this weather. Most people stick indoors by preference. Western railway line seems the most unfortunate in Australia for accidents and bad material, yet, of course, the western people are the best. X, a. steamer just arrived in Sydney. A package is consigned to A. Williams, and is unclaimed. If that's Albert Wil liams his ghost ought to make things lively. Young editor writes to his beloved, 'My feelings, dear one, I have not room here to express. She replies/1. ' Issue a supplement, dear.' \ Zola is said to have written a book on, .' ? ' The only scientific process of Divorce.'-' This should be a handy work of reference^ in our courts. An elderly man Was found dead'at Woolloomooloo wharf in Sydney on Saturday. Cholera has broken out in Meshid, Persia, where 40 deaths occurred in one day, Mr. Lyne (Minister for Works) and party were banqueted at Coonamblo on Friday night. The only people who are not made better by giving are those who do not give half enough. ' But Men Must Work ' is tho title of a new novel. Yes, darn it, that's the trouble. The Adelaide Master Butchers' As sociation have decided to increase, tho price of meat by Id per lb. all round. Is it true that there is a ring in this town of what Britishmen call ' Black mailers ' and ' shadowers.' The Victorian Government has lost . £4,400 worth of cargo iu the Port Douglas, which ship was wrecked last week. Baron Hirsch spent and pledged £3,000,000 in charaties during 1891, representing his gross winnings on the English turf to the London hospitals. The London Evening Standard feara that quantities of oil, honey and wino have been spuriously put upon the ; market as Australian products. The Coney Island Athletic Club, U.S., will give a purse of £2000 for a glove fight between Jackson and God dard if the latter defeats McAuliffo. Nothing would be done without tho approval of Parliament, and the Govern meut intended introducing a bill with binding provisions on General Booth. The third autumn ball was held at Government House on Friday night. It was largely attended, and passed off brilliantly. Baring Bros, have succeeded in reduc ing their liability to the Bank of England by a million sterling through the sale of Argentine railway stock. Mr. Playford has telegraphed to Mr. Barton, suggesting that the conference on colored labor should include repre sentatives from Tasmania and New Zealand. It is stated that tho New Zealand Governmeut intend putting 5s per ton. duty on Newcastle coal in retaliation for the New South Wales duty on New Zealand grain. The Melbourne railway authorities made a raid on Friday upon tho surbur ban passengers ascertaining whether any were travelling without tickets. The number of delinquents proved small. A bit of a boom in N. S. F. cheques in Orange just now. We presume this is the only way to skin the Orange. Possibly if discovered the wrong-doer will get no quarter, but will bo stalked oil to gaol, ? 