Fernbrook's Double. . «- ' A | Romance of IVIaoriland. . rcorfiiiairr.l W ' ' By Atha Westhnry, & ' PROLOGUE, S THE BUBNINa 8CHOOKEU, & Oa the ovon'mg of tho 10th Docombor, « 18—, the " Durham Oaetlo" morchnnt- f. man, 2000 tons rogiator, lay liko a liugo 'I; log upon, tho watora. In the breathless Btillnoas of a tropical afternoon, tho .. «ir was hob 'and lioavy, and tho eky brazen and . cloudloas, Thoro was not a puff of wind to rufllo tho Burfaoo of tho ocoan, upon which tho ship roso nnd foil with tho monotony, of a clock's pondu- \- lum. ' :: Tho sun had juat got low enough to i$- poop bonoath tho awning that covorcd tho poop dcok, and eproad its rays athwart tho figure of a man osloop on tho cabin sky- light. Save for tho man at tho wheal, 3$ atid auothor at- tho quartor railing, tho £ aloepor was alone on tho deck.- In the absence of a broczo tho ahip rolled and £$ lurched on the hoaving aca, hor idlo nails if flapping against tho most with a regular 3 roourring .noiso, and hor bowsprit roso I htghor with tho awoll of tho water, only I to dip again tho noxt moment witli a jerk thatnindo onch ropo tremblo and taulon. " Tho Dur'aam Custio had boon sixty fivo 1 days out from tho Land's End, nnd was foat approaching hor destination, when a dead, sloppy calm environed tho vessel as if she had ontorod tho Dead Sea, \- . Theappearnnco of tho ahip differed In uo wiso from that of on ordinary liner, oxcepb perhaps that eho carried a moro than ordinary complomont of passongcrs. Tho intense heat had drivon those boW, somo to indulgo in cards nnd othorganics, some to road, and tho romaiudor to sleep —liko tho man reposing ' on tho cabin Bkyngnt. By and by, as tho aun sunk lowordown on tho vast area ofgoldon osuro, this pcrsonago awoko. Strctohing hirasolf alter tho mannor of a pondorous ape, lio throw a quick glanco upward at tho flapping sails, and thon called out in aloud voice— 44 For'ord thoro I" Ayo, ayo capl'n," repliod tho man ! forward. - I t4Pasa the word for Mr Jones," ho I criod, thon rising and advancing towards | tho binnacle. 1 " No sign of a changoyot, Benson," ho it exclaimed. M 44 Nono whatovor, Captain," roitpondcd | the man at tho virhcol. "Thoro isn't as much wind as would fill a paper bal- loon." , | Mr Jones, tho ohfot ofiicor of tho Dur- | ham Onstlo, & baudy-Ioggcd, big hoarded, | gruff-voiccd son of Ncptuno, waddled on 1 deck, and drew near his superior— Cap- tain Jopp Bowman. 44 Reef tho topsails, and haul fast tho. & foreshoet ai:d ; jib, Mr Jones," said the S "k»ppor. - Wo may as well mako ovory- i "'a' thing anug for tho night. Tho commotion overhead roused tho attontion of the passongors, who flocked \ on aook to watch, and smno to ltrlp the crow, in taking in sail. Many woro lioro I who cast anxious glances ovor thobrond oxpanso of watora in search of tho first ghmpso of that now land, which for tho futuro was to bo thoir home. Others tero woro, . and of tliosb not a fow, who' wororoturning homo again from a visit to that older and farmer homo. Thoculo- niflt, the CmigBunt, tho noody, and the woU-to-do, all crowded together to watch tho sun go down into tho vast sea in all bis glory of crimson and gold. -?? How many days before wo roach port, captain?" aaksa tall, burly shoep farmer, returning to his station on tho Pdtoa, from a trip to Sootldnd.- /'Woll, I rookon if wo havo no bettor wind than we've had lately, wo shall roach Auckland about Tib's Evo, which, by tho way, is noithor. beforo or aftor Christ, mas, ' roplied tho skipper, fahghing. 41 Oh,, but I trust, to oat my Christmas dtnnor at Glonbook with tho Missus and woans," ropliod tho farmer. . 44 1 hopo no," rojoinod Captain Bow man; 41 a oat's paw will waft iis itito port, If wo can only got it." 44 TJion wo ard near land ?" " Vory hoar. According to my calcu lation- tho Groat Barrier is not a hundred knots distant. I oxpoct to sight its peak every, hour," . Tho hows soon spread, and whon tlio \- dinnor.bell ring thero assomblod ft glad- somo array of faces in tho saloon and tho foro part of tho ship to congratulftto each oViorthat tlm.ond of tho long and tedious voyogo was drawing noar. DorhnoBS came apaco with hosts of stars, wmcu woro-mirroreu uu mu uuauiu m mu 1 glassy sea, liko unto aorao. wonderful floor studded, with ' diamonds. On dock , tho pssongors are standing in knots, laugh- ing and chatting and smoking. 44 Fino night !' aays ono of these — a \- woll-mado, eoldiorly-looking old gontlc- man, striding np to tho captain, and join ing hia'paco with that of the skippor. .".Np glgn , of . a broczo yet, though, . Colonel lihgroovo." 11 How, provoking I" . Just then, ,'from out of tho violet hnzo \- that bung ovor tho horizon, a strange . gWo of light broke; 44 Hallo f" exclaimed tho colonel ; "did you aoo that?" : Captain Bowman rubbed his oyoa "I flaw it difltino'tly— a flash of light." > Evory ono on deck hnd soon it. : ;4< Mr'-Troinain, tho socond ofiicor, saw Bomoth'Dg UUo that boforo dinner. Thoro v must bo thunder' in tho air," rcspondod \- tho captain, passing into his cabin for his night gloss. \ -Ero tho skipper roturned n thin strook of light ahot.up for an instant, thon sank again. ' . 'Tho captain had scon it. Plac ing his glasses in tho direction, bo looked \- long and carefully. M What ia it, sir?" interrogated tho colonol. .4I I can hardly mako it out," replied tho captain, otiU looking intontly through his glaeo. " Thgfo scorns to ro»t n tiny blxclc clotsd on tho oxtrcmo ond of iho western hoiiz mj nml if it.waB not for tho crim son aky I should any ihoro was fl'imo with the cloud," ' 44 What I Afiro?" ; " Ayo I" ' An hour later ono simultaneouB ex clamation burst from all tho watoliers on deck. . From . out. tho gloom thoro roso a column of flanio that lighted up tho night for tho space of two seconds, and thon foil, lenving a dull red spark upon tho water. 44 It fa a ship on firo, gentlemen I" cried tho oaptain, and in tho natno breath an order was givon to lower a boat. \- Tho long boat was in tho water inn fow minutos, and Mr Jones Blood by tho gangway awaiting furthor orders from his chief. , doos not appear n very largo ship," responded Iho captnin, in answor to a question put by soino ono near. 14 A fore-and-aft achoonor, I should fay. by tlie cut of her ; but eho is a long way to loo ward, a good ton miles or inoro.Mr Jones." 44 Ayo, aye, sir." 41 Put a kog of water and a flask of brandy aboard ; then call, tho witch." . "Poo? devils ; they will bo roasted liko chestnuts," muttered tho colonol, a tho glow in tho sky became moro and moro intenso. " Tliry'vo got tlioir own ljo.ita," snya Captnin Iiowraan, coolly ; and you may bo cortnin llioy will mako' ubo of tlioin. Ill tho incnutimo I'll allow thein Hint tlioro'e .onto ono near. Thoro, Ihcy'l) sco thnt, ho ndded, na nroclo troso up ward with it. ghnatly ilnino in tho nir. "MrJonoa, man thu long' boat with.ix men. You may tnkon volunteer or two from nny of tlioso gentlemen willing to go with yon." ' - ' In n moinont n ocoro proffered tlioir sorvioo., hut only a rclny for tiio tlx oars woro solected, and the boat pushed ofTiuto tho darkness. Tho sea nppoared oil rather than water. Hugo fuamlcts billows rolled onward without n sound— hay, tho very stillness of tho asr scorned omptiod of sound, savo for Iho dip of tho oars, which was ro- echoed in spaoo by a succession of strnngo impr. saious liko voices. Tho men pulled with a will; As the blade? st'ruek tho dark element it flashed fire, an<l tho track of tho boat rosombled a sea snako writhing through a lnko of silver. 4I Give way, lads I" urges tho mate with & etieory voico, and tho rowers, with sot teeth nnd compressed lips, propol tho littlo vossol along with tho speed of a steam yacht. By nnd by they -o in a cloud of smoko which hangs ovor tho criiusouud waters, and tho order fa given to ensu off a littlo. Tho burning ship is closo at hand now, Mr Jones wonders that no boats havo boon mot with; Rais ing his voico ho bids his oxhnusted crow lay on tin-it oars ; tlion ho bails tbo burn ing vessel. - Sho fa a iiu.,'0, clumsily built schooner, with great breadth of boani. .Though tho firo -had only boon >aeen but an liuiir..t>r. two ago by those oh tho Du'rhani Oastlo, tlio craft wii8 alroady a wreck, and ap peared oouiplottly desortcd. . Amidships and tho lower deck was ono mass of flume. Her ports prosented groat cliurrcd rifts and gaps, where tho red hot firo glowed as through tho bars of n gignnlio furnace. Tiio.masto had goho by tho board, and trailed a blaokened wreck in the water.- Tlio flaiuos still roared liko a cataract, amidst luigo volumes of smoko, which rolled away liko a cloud over tho-sea.- Tho raato pulled slowly round the stern, and huilud tho dook again and . again. Still thero was no answor, though tho flood of light that dyed tho water struok out ovory spar and ropo as distinct aud clear as noon-day. 44 What is her name, men? Can you see!" roared the raato through his hands, as. tho beat drow ncaror. Ono of. tho men in tho bow stood up, ard shading his eyes with 'his hands, called put—. . l4It is Iho 4 Seagull, sir I" " Tbe Seagull? From- whero?'.' "Sydney, New South Wales 1" again cried Uio bowman, amid tho roar of flames. , V 44 That. wiU do, Baok water men. Round with hor, ' Thoro is not a living soul hnro," criod tho oflicor, and ho.gavo tho order to pull book to tho ship. BIr Jones was mistukon though. Through tho gloom, and shrouded in tho eloud of thiok smoko, two men lay to' in a boat. Tho.oars wore in their hands, but thoy did not uso thorn. With strain ing eyes theso two. personages watchud the. movements of Mr Jones and his com panions with nil absorbing intorest. Onco whon tho mate passed near on his return, ono of them put out his hand as if to call out, - but the other with a quick move ment, soizud him by tho throat, and mut tered/ in A smothered angry t'ono, 44 fool 1 would you botray us?" Uo held him down until tho others had passed by, and left tho lurid mass bub a rod speck in tho distance. When day broke, and thv Durham C&stlo; 'appeared but a speck upon tho vast- surfaco of xvators, thoso two sulitnry-mcn hoiatod ap old tattered sail thoy hnU with thorn in tho bgat,. and sailed away from the ohnrrud wrock of the ill fated Bchyonor, steering a course almost duo west. CHAPTER i. ' ; ygBNimooir. No spot in the wholo Southern Ilcmia- phoro can boast such a rugged and tin. posing coast lino ns Now Zeuland. On its most northern ledgo towers tho Great Barrier Rock— the . first point on whieh the ocean tossed innrinor rests his weary eye — tho first laud sooti -ivhon bearing up for Mnorilatid, A strange land this. Along its shoros'tho vision oncounters hugo nnd mystlo shapes at evory turu of tho sva' wall. Ilorc, tho' Oolossus of Rhodes ; thoro a pondorous, Sphinx, ris ing sheer nboyo its follows, and whoso base has boon lapped by the restloss waves for a thousand years. Truly, a strango country is this of To- wnito, tho Maori, - and- tlio niosb mystic and awc-icap5ring spot of alfia tliatof tho BarriorRock, 8avo tho Firo Blountain of Tongongora, it Is tho grandest and also tho highest point in Now Zealand. It is a' gigantic mount, as largo as Gibraltar, and equally ringed in by tho soa, excopt at tho western end, whoro thoro is a nar row strip of kauri forost, which links R with tho mainland. Viewed from tho sea tho Barrier pro- sents tho appearance of an exact cono up to within fifty yards of its top. Thero tho sloping onds. Boyond it is trooloss,' and ns baro and bald as tho orown of a friar , otherwiso tho sides of tho giant guardian of Maoriland aro donscly wooded -to tho waters edgo. . Singular indood, botimes, fathotroo loss summit, Soamod and scarrod, its surfaco fa mottlod with a ark oiazo, which, during tho sunlight, and ovon under tho mollower beams of tho moon givccfortha corusoation, as if tho lights woro reflected from scato armour. Riven rooks, with deep yawning chasms, aro viut/nuvin uiwuuu i, uiiu uiu sviauv glow fa over all. No northorn painter in priinoyal day ovor dreamed of forms so niighty, so grotesque, as scorns to look down upon you from tho rooks around. . It required only a vory mongro strotoh of tho imagination t» people thoso heights and'depths with draco of Titans, to con- juro up tho sculptor at his work, rudo though it may bo, after all tho oountloss ages that bavo passed. Oii tlio southern sido of tho Barrior, and within a milo of that narrow nock of earth which joined tlio groat rock to the mainland, stood a largo and solidly built mansion. Its position was a broad,- slop, ing ridge, which ran parallel with the baso of tho mount for moro than ha)f its cntiro length, overlooking a lovriy valley.' Tlio architectural stylo of this building wasalmost as quaint and ns strong as tlie naturul walls of rook surrounding it. Thirty years previous to tho ('pming of. this story, Culonol Harry ForubrouU— a hnndsomo, duelling spendthrift, who hnd run through a largq fortuno in London, 'sold liib cominitsion, nnd with tlio money tho B.irrior Hock and its adjneent land from old To Iluri, tho Maori chieftain, and thero uindo lus futuro homo. Tlio colonel, who was a bachelor, had not been settled twelvo mouths at tho Rock ore lio foil in lovo, and married BIyra Hilton, a Maori half-cast, girl of great beauty, and heiress to immonso wealth. Quo son only was tho issuo of this mar riage—Hilton Fernbrook. Tho boy was sixteen years old whon ho lost his parents by q boating accident off tho Barrior during a squall, nnd tho duty of tlio youth's personnl wolfuro devolved upon Rita, a tall silent Maori woman who had bi-en Mrs Fernbrook's nurse and chief domestic. A bold, weird looking landscnpo is this around tlio DarriorRock, with its glisten, iug pinnacloi, its far recoiling peaks and downs of worn rack with tho setting sun full upon tlicm, and lighting up many r- gloomy doll bolow. Uoro whoro tho sun glinted upon tbe "fiico of tho otiff au iriq might ; bo seen shining amidst tho flecco-liko vapor. But rur'o was the oyo that, behold this bonuti ful phenomenon, for tho placo had tho reputation .of being haunted. Few thero aro- in our day who beliovo in ghosts. This go-a-hcad era of tolophoncs and telegraphs has grown out of all that. Wo havo beeumo too matter-of-fact and prac tical for suoh humbug. Nevertheless, ho was a bold follow who would venture alono into thd dim and dismal region of that ravino, and not fool tho influenoo of tho placo upon his norves. It was ovidont somo daring mortal Had ignored the peril, for a tiny spiral column of smoko could bo soon ascending from tho hauntoddopths of tho ravino upward to whero a kind of stairway was traced, formed of oroopors, tho outstanding atoms serving as stops. It was only by standing upon tlio very outer ledgo above, and parting tho foliage that screened it that- tho smoko could bo seen ; and if only superficially obsorvod, it might oasily havo been mistaken for a strng waif of, the fog that floated abovo tho waturfdil near which it rouo. Closely 'sorutinistd, howover, its bluo color and soft filmy hnzo rendered it rocognisnblo ikb tho smoko of a wood flro, and ono that must have been mado. by sumo human hands. Under the branches of a largo kauri' standing, by tho edgo of tlio lagoon n canoo of rudo construction was moorod by a twisted piece of supplejack nttaoliod to the trco. Nor was this tho only indfa cation of the prqsonco of man. Oluso nud<-r tlio cliff, nnd near where iho tor rent came tumbling down from tho rocks stood a kiiuri piho-of ouormous dimon- siiins. Its buttressed ; trunk covered a surfaco uf.-uioro thanforty fact in di ameter, aud tho top roso nearly to. the upon- it .which coinplotciy shut nut tho vn-ws ovorlicud. ; Bonoath, it .stood a whare, or Maori hut', const ruct''d of flax thuiiga nnd rushes; .willi a door opening out to tho pith up tho rock. Few, and simple indued were the articles of furni- j turoinlhis priinitivo abode. . A couch ' niado from two poles iiitorlaCud with dried flax and fern thuraon, formed a bed, a hlnot of bark placed upon 'our stakes for a tablo, and a kauri log. for a . scat..- Savo an old tin kolUoandono or two uleiisils thoro was nothiug clso in !iho cstablisii- niout in iho wny of goods and chattels. Against tho walls hung a vnriety of aingu- i lar objects. Tho skull mid tuaks-of a I savagu buar, cnormoua.bats, with human- 1 liko faces, ugly sti'ikes, strings of teeth nml beads, aud quuini imngus carved in wood. Squatting by fchodoor of tho wharo was j a Maori smoking a black,- short olay pipe.vj Ho was of gigatuio. proportions, nnd frightfully tattooed ovnr every part of his faco. B'twecu his broad shoulders wns nor a bull-like head almost necklnss. This i pcrsonago was ovidcntlv wntchbig and waiting for tho apponrdnco of somo ono oxp'eotod by way of tho cliff, for at tho slightest sound ho would crono liims lf nnd listen intontly- At such times his back wan bunt liko a bow, presenting a great hunoh, partly tho cfF'Otof ndvnncod auo, nnd partly from natural malfar-. mation. ' ; : Tho Maori's cosfumo was in hooping with his abode. A short thick tamba (cloak) of mica, jack boots, much worn, together with a blanket formed into a toga (coai), complotcd his costumo. At his hand stood a double-barrelled gun, with a shot bag manufactured from tho skin of somo wild animal. Whoover tho individual might bo for whom tho old Maori watched and waited, did uot appear to hurry, for tho sun ba- gan to dip into tho sea away boyond tho Tonga Reef cro the expected porsonago mado his appearance. In the fast deepening twilight tbo form of a man appeared at the apex of tbo cliff, who guvo a peculiar ory, in imitation of tho tolio. Tlio Maori bolow immediately sprang to his foot at tho sound, and began climbing hp tho face of tho jagged rock with astonishing rapidity, Tho lagoon readied, ho unfastoncd tho canoo from its moorings, and paddled across to where thn man stood for whom bo had boon waiting, Thoro was just light suffloiont to sco that this latter pcrsonago was a littlo lmrdy-looking young man, and with a form as litho and supplo as an ool. His faco, though boaring no particular indi cations of manly beauty, denoted both daring and cunning in o romnrkablo de- groo, othorwiso thoro was nothing to mark tlio man from any ordinary mortal, ex copt whon ho opened his mouth ; thon ono felt a dfoagrcoablo sensation, as may bo felt at tho growl ofapantiior or tho oroak of a raven. In b vory short liuio tho pair rccrosscd tlio lagoon and descended tho cliff. Not a wonl passed between them till they readied tho -hut. Thero tho Pakoha (whftoniau) Throw himself upon tho rudo couch; and emitted a long whistlo of relief. 44 So this is the Great Hnrrior, is it ?" ho cried, witli a mild irony in his un pleasant vo:ce. " 1 guess l'vo seen somo fow plnccs on this gtobo besides Now Zea land, but bung ino as high as Captain Bragg if ever I saw anytliiug to comparo ...... »u.o. Auufo urn t a tevoi ynru oi terra Jirmtt ou tlio entire rock. If ono wants to go ovor tho wny to visit ono's neighbour, although thero oro no neigh bours hereabouts that I cansco,you can't do it under fivo or nix miles climbing. Faugh I giro tuo a match, Bosco," Tlio lingo Maori grinned, and at tho somo timo linnded lib wliito companion a curiuualy carved box containing vestas. 4 Now, old follow, I'm going to rost hero for half an hour," continued tho littlo man,' lighting a cigar, and handing nnoihor to his couipantou, 44 In the in terim I want yriu to sco that tho goar is put into, tho boat all ready to make a start." 44 What, to-night ?" enquired tho Maori. 44To-night, Bosco! Thomoon will bo up in nn hour. ' Wo will sail whon thore's light enough, if you plonso." Tiio harculoan savage gavo a grunt poa culinr to tiio Maori raco, lit his eigar, and left tho hut. Tho other sat nnd smoked iilf silonco. for como timo, until his thoughts; found vent In uudiblo muttor-. ings. "Egad 1 this is going the ticket, and no mistake," ho ..cried, taking Iho cigar from his lips and apoitrophising tho f-urlinrr nmnlrn ntinvA Kits knnrl i« IT... am I, Timothy Sharps, . alias tho Forrot, and valet-do-sham to his greatness Mr Hilton Fcrnbrook, lord of tho Barrier Rook. Hero am I, ambassador, courier, messenger, fororiinnor, and what not, to herald tho approach of my boss— ro&Btor;, I moan— to bins his homo, aftor an ab- sonco of five yonrs spent in England, and on the contiaont of Eurppo. Hal hat ha I it's rare fun to bo a gontleman, and to do tho grand tour ns tho boss and I havo dono for thoso years past. Ho 1 ho 1 ho 1" " And tho idea so tickled Uu/risiblo muscles, of tho littlo man that ho rolled over thobiink ina fit of uncontrollablo raorrimont. 41 Woll, well, I've dono my inisston horo satisfactorily at any rate " whon ho had recovorod hirasolf. - 44 Ono trump cavd played, whioh' will go far to win- tho game if properly followod up." 44Now,latmo glanco once moro over my instructions to make surtfllmvo missed nothing. First to give Bosco, tho Maori, half & dozon' lines scribbled in some out" lnndish faaliion that old Nick himself could- not, road,' Tito aavago read it though, and duucod glad nnd plnasod ho seemed after it too. Ho placed himself at onco ontiroly at my .disposal, and put tho missive away in lifa dirty. blanket as if it Had boon tho Kolilnour. Second— rccolvod at tho house— when I got thoro, that is which touk a t err iblo timo, niid devilish tirad 1 folt, too, scraping my | oliint ngainut tho sharp, stocp rocks — ro- i coiv cdat tho houso with open arme, and I especially by (lint tall, dark old sho cat— | R»trt,:tho housekeeper. What an oyo sho has, -and what long claws for soraloliing. Humph I " Forr.'t, you rascal, beware of that Maori dovil in petticoats How hor withered faco lighted up when I told her that Master Hilton was coining homo.. Ah, 'well! if tho placo dresn'c suit yuu, Timothy Sharpe, you onn givo notice. Ha 1 lia! ha 1 Lastly, I am not to delay my return ; very woll, Master -Hilton Fcrnbrook. Tho wind .is fair for our sixty milo journoy, nnd I'm glad.it is fo, for an open fishing boat is not tho most snfo and comfnrtablo convryauoo on the const of Now Zealand on a dark night, and with n chopping sea on. Eutre noiex Ferret, if tho wind holds tho Mastor of Fcrnbtf ok sliall see tho fnoo of his humblo servant or i to- morrow's dawn," 4Wiio'b. ttiurc?' Tho harsh voico cronkcd out thu latter «;xriamalion. fierce, lv, and nt tho samo instant n revolver wns pulled forth from tho breast of his but- toned up cont, i. " Bah- 1 it's only Bosco returning," ho cried, nft«;r »h inmiiq'pWsQ, : 44 This in- fcriiol don ol poaks nndbiisms would un nerve tho devil hih)8clf.;' ,- i No had only tuno tij replacofho weapon in his coat wliq tl.ipiMdori ro-untered tho .wharo, . ' . ; 14 Well, tho boat-is;Jready ? 4 "Yes."' '/ " 41 Como thoji, icijj tho wny Bosco," cried | tho.olhor, Jf)«ii/gf-;And.-/.liffhtiiig a fresh My mrtutorgiiyo mo pnBitivoordors ; to ho bnck/arPukonhinn by to-morrow |faorning. --a'oc Continued, FI>1 