. C0RBETT WHIPS THREE MEN. The Californian Shows Power and Skill. \- ' ... , . if.-' Ten thousand persons gathered at Madison- square Garden oti February 2 to witness an attempt by James' J. Corbett to stand against three men in' succession, one minute's rest only being allowed between the meet. iugs . > _ William Spellings, of Rochester, who was the first of the three antagonists, is short- und fat, and did not look a very formidable opponent. Corbett boxed lightly for half a minute, and then knocked his opponent down, and as he rose "floored" him again. Spellings gave up, and loft the stage. Bob Cuff'rey, of Philadelphia, was the next man. _ He Was also fat, and no match' for Corbett.7 As Suon as Corbett struck liira : he fell and remained quiet on the ground. Being carried to' bis corner he refused to ngnt longer. . At 1UV2. o'clock Joe .Lannon walked into tho ring, and was loudly cheered as he took his seat. He carried. his own gloves, but as they only weighed 6oz iho police objected to his wearing them, and Lannon put, on a heavier pair. Ho did good, work in the three rounds of three minutes' each thnjt followed. Both came up for the seoond round in good .condition, but Lannon's ; superfluous flesh now began' to- teU'upbb him. About tho middle of the round Corbett punched Lannon iu the stomach,- and gave liiin a severe blow with his right on the ear;'and it was evident that Lannon ha'di not' tiie ghost of a show against the Californian. In the third round Corbett was slightly puffing, while Lannon was - entirely, .winded.. : The Californian struck his opponent wherever he pleased. The Bostonian,' however, remained till tho end of tho round, when the referee gave tho bout to Corbett on points. . \- Lannon is 5ft, llin. in height and weighs 16st. 3lb. Ho is known as a treniendona hitter, aud the fact that Corbeit had him at ' his -mercy within three rounds shows that . the Californian will give a good account of himself in a fight for the championship. Ho uses both hands well, is quick, "and has a long reach. Altogether lie created a much bette)1 impression than Slavin diu on a simi lar occasion. 