THE TENTH COMMANDMENT. [By Abcedeacon Fabbar, D.D.] *' Thou shalt not covet.' — Exodus xx. 17. Observe first that this is a unique command ment. Search all the laws of all the world and yon ?will not find one which resembles it. The sixth, the seventh, eighth, and ninth you will find in all codes, though only as prohibitions of crimes which are amenable to human justice, and not as heart- searching rules of self examination which Christ meant them to be. The Tenth Commandment) is the complement of all the rest; it shows that God requires of us not only outward ?virtue but inward holiness, that He demands in us sacrifice of the will, from which wicked actions spring, that sinful imaginations area crime against Sim, as -well as wicked acts. Human laws can only prohibit crimes of which human eyes can take cognisance; the hearts of men are beyond their reach. The tyrant can only command the outward obedience of bis slave, but he cannot subdue the fierce rebel lion which rages in that slave's heart ; he can not hush the unspoken curses which blight him with the white lightning of their heat. He makes no attempt to order what he is Impotent to enforce. The heart of fallen man is only the chamber of unclean imagery like that which horrified the pro phet Ezekiel when in the house of God his eye surveyed thedarkidolatriesof alienated Judah, but it is shrouded in impenetrable darkness, it is the bidden knowledge, the mysterious depths of that individuality which in each of us is an island surrounded by an unvoyageable sea. None can enter, none can even approach the heart, bat that Divine Legislator who would lain transform it from a haunt of devils into a -sanctuary of God. The unique command which prohibits not only commissions but con cupiscence can be uttered by God alone. And herein the ten commands on Sinai anticipated the eight beatitudes of the Sermon on the Mount. The law says, 'Thou shalt not desire ;' the Gospel says, 'Blessed are the pure in heart.' And from this Divine statute we see one marked by Divine wisdom and supreme tenderness. It is a commandment pre-eminently spiritual ; it cuts at the root of all formalism and of hypocrisy ; it shows ns that each man is not what he seems to be to 3meii, but what he is in the eyes of God. The lesson which the Tenth Commandment ? teaches us is that God must be obeyed, not with eye-service as men-pleasers, but witb singleness of heart. 'As he thinketh,' says Solomon of the dis sembler, 'so he is.' Priests often lead men to be content with, the cleansing of the oateide of the cup and the platter, yet the law with its demands for human sincerity might have taught them that all outward formalities are an abomination to God if they be offered as sub stitutes for justice, humility, and love. Even the heathen say that the God with whom we have to do is one with whom nothing avails except heart obedience. 'Wickedness and injustice,' says Aristotle, 'lie in the inten tion.' 'He,' says Joyenal, 'who thinks in silent) wickedness within himself incurs the guilt of the deed.' And this command is tender as well as unique, for it is designed to save us from error; it is meant not to terrify us but to train ; it reveals to us as with a flash out of God's eternity when and how the work of our life has to be done ; it says to us as the prophet Jeremiah said to Jerusalem — 'O, Jerusalem, wash thine heart from wickedness that thou mayest be saved. How long shall thy vain thoughts lodge within thee? It says unto Solomon, ' Keep thy heart with all diligence for out of it are the issues of life.' Ah, there is the difficulty. It is quite easy to be outwardly respectable, most of ns are at least that ; it is easy to keep the letter of the Com mandments, but to obey with all our heart, with all our mind, with all our soul, with all our strength, to keep the law in its entirety ?without reservation for one darling idol, one besetting or bosom sin, to keep it always in wilful boyhood, in fretful youth, in tempted manhood, and in disillusioned age — which of ub is thus an upright man and perfect ? Still, alas! is this possible when we have not been faithful in the past? Now this com mandment chows us mat there is no sound cure for any disease without \ the removal of the cause. Can a polluted fountain send forth sweet waters? Are good fruits borne from a corrupt tree? Ah, my brethren, the salt must be flung into the bubbling spring or the stream will be full of death, and the roots of the corrupt tree must be taken up, not merely its buds nipped or even its branches lopped. To leave off old sins is something, and even much, but it is not enough^ We must not only stop sinning but stop desiring to sin. If we would still like to sin we are not regene rate ; we must die to sin. This is what St. Paul meant when, haunted by the agonies of personal experience, he says over and over again that ?we must have the true circumcision of the heart, that we must crucify the flesh with its affections and lusts, that we must mortify the deeds of the body, mortify our members that are upon the earth, evil desire and covetous ness, which is idolatry ; for because of these things the wrath of God is ever arriving upon the sins of disobedience. It is this concupis cence, this evil impulse, which must be huEhed within us by the Spirit of Christ. The lust of the flesh, thoughts of our bodily appetites, the lust of the eyes, the vain desires and passions of the mind, the braggart vaunt of wealth, our mammon worship, our selfishness, our arrogant vain ambition — these we niust deraseinate. It is at tha rcot of these that the axe of this com mandment is uplifted, until they are hewn down and cast into the fire ; Moses as well as Christ will teach us that we are not converted and we shall not be safe. 'Thoushalfc not covet.' The literal mean ing of the commandment is, ' Thou shalt not excessively or wrongfully, thou shalt not un lawfully or irregularly, desire anything which thou canst not innocently and uprightly possess.' Perhaps you think, 'What harm can a mere desire do when I have not even expreSEed it? What wrong can there be in such an airy nothing, such an impalpable thought?1' The answer is twofold. First that airy nothing, that impalpable thought as you call it, is a very real thing: it is seen in heaven, it is heard in heaven, in heaven it needs forgiveness, and conse quently that thought will, if dwelt upon, be -*£&hily; the prolific mother of all sins ; it is j the cockatrice's egg which brings forth the I offspring of the fiery flying serpent. Guilty longings are the avant-couriers^ of the perfor mance of guilty lusts concealed in the guise of a harmless infant, the guilty curiosity, the the guilty wish pushes open the wicket gate, and then when it has done eo it springs into the menacing stature of a giant demon. What great harm you say is there in a mere guilty look, a mere guilty wish, a mere guilty longing if it stops there ? Well, are they so harmless if they stop there? Do they stop there? The guilty look of David at Bathaheba from his palace roof, the guilty longing of Aehan for the ingot of gold, the guilty _ desire of Ahab for Naboth's vineyards; did nothing come of them ? In the first case the bad desire led to idolatry, in the second it led to theft, and in the third it led to murder. The sole way to keep ourselves from the infinite possi bility of sin is only to follow the exhorta tion of St. James— ' Cleanse your hearts, ye sinners, purify your hearts, ye double minded.' It is with the latter form of concupiscence, with the coyetousness which is idolatry, that the extension of the commandment chiefly deals. It warns us against the greed of accumulation and the thirst for gold. Is it not an awful thought that besides all the other mass of sin which the desire for money is constantly causing among mankind even the Apostle could be perverted by the love of gain? And have we not the fearful proofs in every generation that the love of money is still the root of all men's evil? Does it not make the heart bleed to think of women rich in a good man's love, of men high in reputation, and besides, of students eminent in attainments, ?who evert in these few last months have also been dragged by the lust of ill-gotten gain into the unspeakable misery and mire? And do not nations also find the lesson, does not England find it ? Is there no fear that avarice, the counter selfishness of capital and of labor, should fall like the star wormwood of the Apocalypse and poison stU- her streams witb. deathful bitterness? Is tbere no fear of out throat competition from selfish luxury in one class ana raging envy in anotner? was not this the utter curse and the blighting ruin of mediaeval Spain? ? Did not Cbrtez say to Montezuma: 'Send us gold, for we Spaniards have a disease of the heart that can only be cured by gold.' 'Since first the dominion of man was asserted over the ocean' — with these words a celebrated book begins — 'three thrones beyond all others have been set upon its sands ; the thrones of Tyre, of Venice, and of England. Of the first of these great Powers only the memory remains, of the second ruin, the third, which in herits their greatness, if it forgets their example may be led through brighter eminence to less pitied destruction.' This command ment says to our England of to-day, ' Which wilt thou be, the freeman of Christ or the bond slave of mammon ? Which wilt thou be, the protector of the helpless or its destroyer? Which wilt thou be, an example to the world or its eorrupter? Which wilt thou be, the evangelist of the world, or its beast of burden? Rich thou art beyond all nations and art ever becoming more and more rich. But wealth means weal, means well-being, it does not mean riches and woe to thy weal, If the Pactolus of thy riches lose itself in the Phlegethon of drink or in the scum and sludge of selfish accumulations. If so thy glory, as the great statesman said, ' shall fade like the Tyrian dye and moulder like the Venetian palace.' And to myriads of English men at this moment who, tossed with the mad intoxication of an insatiable greed, sell honor, honesty, uprightness, peace, to get rich, bartering with the eternal God, to them the Tenth Commandment says, 'Try to be rich to God, godliness is a great gain;' if a man be content with that he will be secure. ' Take heed,' said Jesus, 'and beware, for man's life consisteth not in the multitude of the things that he possesseth.' But this com mandment teaches us something more than contentment, lovely, indeed, and full of happi ness as a virtue. Utter content is but the passive form of the most fruitful of all virtues, it is self-sacrifice ; but he who hasjeeased to desire will rejoice ateo to abstain ; he who desires to cease that selfish greediness for what does not) belong to him, [or what he ought largely to share with others will be eager to give with wise gene rosity, he will find that herein is happiness. St. Edmund of Canterbury, one of our sweet English saints, used to leave his money on the sill of the window of his staircase for any one to take who would, and sometimes he would sprinkle dust over it, saying, ' Ashes to ashes, dust to dust.' Another great man said, 'We have no time to get rich, the ex pulsive power of good ambitions leaves no time for meaner passions.' The lives of such saints poured silent contempt on gold, and hiw great is their reward! They are up lifted above the base temptations which sur round the toiling, moiling multitude. St. Paul calls the fifth commandment the first com mandment that promises, but though the promise is unexpressed every commandment is a commandment with the richest promise, every obedience is accompanied by its immense beatitude. Love taught us by the sixth has bliss; purity taught us by the seventh has heavenliness ; honesty taught us by the eighth has confidence; the mastery of the tongue taught us by the ninth has perfection ; and this tenth commandment, whilst being the root of all the others, combines all the others' blessedness.' Self-abnegation, the subdual of concupiscence, nieairs that the soul is satisfied with God. Dissatisfaction is the necessary curse of worldly life. 'Vanity of vanity,' gays one of the best known novels of the century, 'which of us has what he desires, and having it is satisfied ? Answer me, children of the world, votaries of self indulgence, slaves of gold, answer me and confess your misery. Can you have your souls in this heap of mud, are you such poor mean beings that it is a sufficient end of life for you to have a good balance at your bankers? Or have not you too heard the sound of harpy wings over your ledgers and your gold? Those harpies are the ghosts of vicious, fretful, lawless passions, the vain, meagre spirits of wasted energy and the unappeased flames of unsatisfied hope.' Contrast with this the peace of those whose passions are subdued, and whose heart is given to God. God gives him exactly what the world cannot give — perfect satisfaction. The picture of the world is 'Wickedness shall burn like fire, no man shall spare his brother, he shall snatch on the right hand, and be hungry, and he shall eat on the left band and not be satisfied ; but the good man is satisfied from himself, the meek shall eat and be satisfied, they shall be satisfied with the goodness of God's house, God shall give them drink of His pleasure as out of a river.' Covetousness means a curse, but he who gives all to Christ gains all from Christ ; he who will lose his life for Christ's sake shall always find it. Can you imagine a more straggling and apparently miserable lot than that of some poor harmless missionary in the depths of Africa? Not long ago a dying missionary wrote home from the wilds of Africa — ' Tell my family and all my friends that I rejoice to have left all for Christ. Were my sacrifice to make again I think as I lie here dying in a strange' land I would make it again a thousand times. I would not change my lot for all the happiness of the world.' And lastly, since this commandment is thus deep and broad, it is not strange that it should have wrought most memorable effects in the spiritual history of mankind. It brought to two men convictions which have changed the conditions of the world and of the Church. It made St. Paul the Apostle of the Gentiles, it made Luther the herald of the Reformation. St. Paul tells us that the day had been when he felt no sense of sin. Sin was dormant in him ; it lay like a torpid snake amid the flowers of his selfsatis faction; he was unconscious of resistance to God and alienation from God, but this com mandment— 'Thou shalt not covet, thou shalt not desire' detected and evoked the sin within him. He saw that his accurate legality was the whitewash of the grave ; he saw even his persecuting zeal was nothing better than arro gant and passionate selfishness, and thus in the death of sin Christ found him and made him alive unto God. Paul, the furious persecutor, was changed by the conviction brought by this commandant into the Paul the loving evan gelist ; Saul, the hated Pharisee, was changed into Paul the holy apostle. No less mighty was the work it wrought for Martin Luther. The law which forbids concupiscence led Luther as St. Paul to Christ. ' This German beast,' said Leo X., ' cares nothing for gold ;' a strange phenomenon when all the priests and all the world cared so much for gold; but because Luther did not care for gold, and lived and died a very poor man, it raised the hearts of myriads of men to seek their treasure, where he had done, in things above where Christ Eitteth at the right hand of God. Ah ! may we learn the lesson as a nation and a church, and in our individual hearts, say only ' Can we be delivered from the self-will, which in a nation shows itself in social godliness, in deep seated coiruption, in idolatry, inlies, and fraud?' In a church self-will is manifested by partisan ship and subterranean intrigues ; in a society it creates an atmosphere of gossip, scandal, and spite ; in each individual heart this self will is a source of overflowing egotism, of claimsof exaggerated self-importance; an abject passion or admiration of self. Only Christ can deliver us ; and the end of all command ments, and of this commandment most of all, is Christ. The commandments in our English service are most happily linked with the com munion. We cannot have the joy of the one without obedience to the other. If we lose the commandment to the nation we lose the Gospel to mankind. Vhen the law has taught us to embrace the Gospel, the Gospel enables us to fulfil the law. It turns a deathful letter into the promise of life, it turns the fire of Sinai into the dew of Eermon, and Moses and Ellas are side by side with our transfigured Lord. Covetousness springs from perverted self — the death of self is the life of Christ within us. But we cannot by our own power slay self. The law firsb evokes in us the resistance to a holy will, and then convinces us of^tror guilt : then showa ua our own utter helplessness; and last of all, drives us helpless and self -condemned to the feet of Chriftti our Lord, to ask there with tears of penitence for His freely-given graae, and to find our sole hope and help, to find our very life and light in Him first, Him last, Him most, and without end. 