A DAUGHTER OF LILITH. The Strange Story $f a Man's Love for an Immortal. I had left Paris on the eveninz of the previous day and passed a long andl silent night in a corner of the railway carriage. For six mortal hours I had waited at a small station,. and not until the nafternoun did I succeed in itbding a peasant's cart to take toe to Artigues. The plain, the undulations of which rose and fell on each ride of the road, and which, when I had seen it before, was sttilinig at thie great sun, was inow covered by a thick roil of 5o0, over which writhed the black, twisted trunks of the vines. My guide pushed his old horse along alowly; we drove on, enveloped in a deep silence which was broken at intervals by the plaintive cry of a bird. Sad unto death, I murmured in my heart this prayer: " My God -God of mercy-preserve rie faus despair aInd let me nct commtit, after so many faults, the only sin which Thou wouldst inot pardon! " Then I saw the sun, red and raylts, descending like a bleeding host on the horiton, and, re calling the divine sacrifice of Calvrary, I felt hope enter my asoul. The wheels continued to grate thnrough the snow for sorse tirae. At Iast, the driver pointed out to me with his whip the seeple of Artigues, which stood out like a shadow in the reddish mist. " Eh I" said thre man to me, "you get off at theparsonagel Youknowthecure?" "1 have known him since my childhood. He was my master when I was at schooL" " le is learned in booksa ?" "31. Safrac, the cure,' as learned as hlie is devout." "They say so. They say other things, also." "What do they say ?" " They say what they like, and I let them talk." " Well, what else ? " " Well, there are some who believe that the cure as a sorcerer, and that he casts spells." " Wtat nonsense I" " I say nothing, sir, myself; but if 11. Safrac is not a sorcerer who casts spells, why does lie read in books, then t" The cart stopped in front of the parsonage. I left this simpleton and followed the cure's servant, who conducted ma to her master in the dining;room, where the table was already set. I found 1. Safrao very much changed in the three years since I had seen him. His tall frame was bent, hlis thinness had become exr cessive, his piercing eyes shone out front his emaciated face, and his nose, which seemcd larger, reached to his drawn mouth. " My father, my father!" I cried, as I fell, sobbing, into his arms; "I come to you be cause I have sinned. Oh, you, whose deep and mysterious science awed my spirit while you tranquillized my soul by showing me your paternal heart, draw your child from the brink of the precipice I Oh, my only friend, save me, enlighten me I" lIe embraced me, smiled at me with that exquiitsie kindness of which he had give inue so many proofs in my early youth, and, step pin_ back a little, so as to see me better. said : With God's help," ssluting me af:er the fashion of hisa country. After years of distinc. tion as professor of philosophy at Bordeaux. at Poictiers, and atParis,he had asked, as an oely fsrr, for a poor living in the country where he had been bor and where he wished to die. Cure of Artigues fur tihe last six years, lie pracliced ir this obscure village the mostout humble pistyand the most exalted science. " With God's help, my child," lie repeated. " Your letter, announcing your arrival, moved me de ply. It is true, then, that you hare nrot fore ottuen your old master?" I started to t1ror' mayself at his feet, still l staitltn ring: "Sne me, srave me !" hut he I strppad me with a gesture at once gentle and i I tmperinous. "Jeas,"he said," "you can tell me to-t morrow lhat you have to say. Now warm yourself. Then we shall eat, for you must he I very hungry." The servant. placed on slid table the soupi turdeen, front which ruse a column of fragrant t steam. S're was an old woman. whoe hair was t hidden under a black silk hlandkerchief and oni whose wrinkled face wereminlbd the beauty of the peasant type and the ugliness of decrepi tilde. I was greatly agitated; still, the peae c of the holy dwelling, the cheerfulness of the wood fire, of the white table cloth, of thea decanted wine, and of the steaming dishes, gra. I dially took possession of me, and presently I t airuost forgot that I had comlle to the home of I this pnriest to change the aridity of my remorse for the fertile dew of repentance. f "Jean,"said MI Safrac, "you were my bet c pupil. Your prompt intelligence always tra velled beyond the thought of the msttler. That is why I became attached to you at once. I love boldness in a Christian. Faith must not be tiriid when impiety shows suct indoeiitahle I audacity. The church to-da) has but lPnts; t she needs lions. h'lo will replace aith us the i fathers and the sages white glance embraced I all tile sciences? Truth is like thi suit, it needs the eye of the eagle to cotitetmplite it." i "AhI. 31. Safrac, you brought to bear on enery question that eye which nothitig dazzl '. t I remember hou your opinioiis soinettiines startled ever those of yoiir collepgics whom the sanctity of your life filled with adniirttion. I You did nut dread aovelties. That wals how, for instance, you were inclitied to admit the pltrality of inhabiied worlds." "· What will the timil ones nay when they I read soy book ? " he exclaimed, svitin brinhties ing eyes;"I hare meditated, I have worked. Yoe know that I asm aciquainted with Hiebriw, I Ararian, Persian, and seteral el the Indianta lsnsuages, You knowr tit I brought with not here a library, rich in aticienit tnnuscripts. I have dipped deep into kItowlidge of languages I snd the traditions of the pri:nitire Orient. I hare just fiaished my book on the 'Origins.' which restores anil sustainis that sacred inter' I pretation of the Scriptures iii the inaininent ruin of which iipilus scictce believes already. God, in His irltnrite mercy, has willed that science and faith be recenicled. Ti, produce this reconciltation, I start free this idea: Tee Bible, inspired b'y the Holy Ghost, tells nothing t but whet is tree, but does not tell all that is true. And how could it tell it, cince it pro. I poses, for its only object, to iiifirm uii of that which is neceetiry to our victral salvation I Beyond this grend dvasgn, there exists nothing for it. Its plair is as simille as it is inimense. Itesmoracestis fall and the redeilmptioti. It is the divine history of man. It is complete C rnd Irmited. .Notl;tng is admitted to it smlnjdy I to satisfy profoiie curiosity. Yor impious science cannot trinillp for lono over the I silence of God. It it time to say: 'o; N ie Ie Bible has not lihe, becrose it has not revealed all.' Such is the !ruth whticht I proclaim. Mak' ing use of geoloay, pre-hiistriti srcl:rtdouty. 6! orrental cisaigitny, Hituito ionurnments, Coal' r dean and B bylitiiant traditions, and ancient t lecceds prisareed in the T'fabiud, I have 2 afdirmed the existence of preadamtites, of whonm the inspired aiithir of Genesi slots not sneak, i simply for tso reasnt that their existence wiuld a not affect thir eternal salvationi of the children c oh Adam. Better still! a mitrete examinrtiom of the first chapters of Genesis has proved to I. me the existence of two socretlise creatiois, . separated ly grot aces and of which the second b is, ho to opecr, but the adaptatioti ef a portion of the earth to the needs of Adatut atid his ptis' I terits." He stopped fir a ninnent, ani thun, it a low s voice, lie resumhed, .with a truly religioua gavity: Il Martial Safrac-an unrorthy 1 pnest, doctlr sf theology, suiject, s asi ohe- 1 dient chit', to the authority of our Holy r Mltier, the Church-! aflirm, with an abuolute c certainity-eutjtect, always, to the authority of a our HIll Father, the Pope, and the councils- I tIlst Adait, ctat etd in the imago of Coi, had t teo wives, of whom Eve was the Cecond." These singular words drew my thoughts some· a what from myself, and I asstrangly isteersted I in them. I was, therefore, somewhat die' ) appointed when 31. Safrec.droppinghiseibows or the tablc,said to te: Snough ofi ih tiopic. Seine day, perhaps, Syou will read II- hbatik, which will instruct you on the subject. It wasn cess:ry, as I wtas in strict duty bound, to suntit this work to inonwi-tneur and to solic it the approbation of his crace. The tmainctr.ut is 1,n at the arch. t hisop 's, and I expect ever; tituie nt a decision, Shich I have everyct ri t, blietve wil pIroov *favorable." STcen the cv nvers tion ncteintg mooe ittlin r, turneid n iour mutu li rtI chetins. 1"Yes, ioy child," suLit M. Safrac to in, S youn weer, th'e pupil of i} ctoie G ic. dper. mils 'preferercs when thiy are fltnied on al v Iluitabie jud i'nit. Nowta, I j dtld at ott:ce t that theire usa in you the ttaktin of a mlan ant a Chritiian. Nt that I did not notice greant imperfections in you. You were untiual, un certailn, eaily disturtbed. PaItioas. stilt secret soideried in tour saul. I loved you for your great restlcsness, as 1 lioved niotl.er oitf my Slpuplts f,.r tdttleretat tualitjes. 1 ciherishedl Saul d'Ei y for the roolute trinles of his itind ad li cart." At this ittame I turned red and then pale. I couldl hardly re train a cry, and, when, I tried to answII ier, it was impossible lor ise to speak. M. Snatrac did nut seem to notice Uy agile li0n. SIf my memory ys good ie was your clasest t comrade," lie added; ".you have remained very aintimate with him, have you not? 1I know that hie entered the diplomantic service. and that he has a great future before hitm. You have inI him a faithful and devoted Iriend." "My father." I answered, willt an effirt, " I will talk to you to- morrow of Paul d'Ervy and Sof another person." 31\. Safrac pressed my hand. We separated, and I went to the room which he had caused to be prepared for me. In my bed, perfumed awitlh lavenuer, I dreamed that I was a child again, and thlat, kneeling in the college chapel. I was admiring the white and shining women with thomn the seant were tiledl, whensuddenly ait voice, coming fron a cloud, spoke above my head and said: " Jean, teou believedt that thou dost lore them in God, but it is God whom thou lovest in thent." When I awoke in the morning I found U. Safrac standing at the head of my bed. "Jean," he said to me, "come and hear the mtass witich I mu going to celebrate for your sake. After the holy office, I will be ready to hear what you have to tell me." The churclhof Artigues isalittle sanctuary in that Rotnan style which still flourished in Aquitaine it the twelfth century. Restored about tciwenty years ago, it received a steeple whiclh anas net included ts the primitive plan. Being Iter, it still preserved, at least its pure bareness. I jotLed, as well as my stateof mind would permit. in the prayers of the priest, and then returned with him to the pLarsonage. There we breakfasted on a little bread and milk and then entered 31. Safrac's room. Drawing chairs up to the fire place, above which a crucifix was sutapended, he invited me to ait doiwn, and, having seated himself near me, signed nme to begin. Oulside the snow wasfall. fing. " M.y father," I commenced, "it is ten years since I left your care to enter the world. I have prieserveld iiy faith, but, alas t not my purity. I need not 1'trace to you my career 0ou know it-you, my spiritual guide, the sole director of my conscience. Besides, I am in haste to rmach the event iviich has upset my life. Last yewr, my family decided that I sanouid marry, and I assented willingly. Tihe yuton girl distinel fotr me presented all the advantages whiech parents usually seek, and she was pretty, she pleased tme-so much so that, instead of itt:ting a i marriage of convenience,' I was about to tmake a imarriage of inclination. 'We btecitie esiaged. 'The happiness and re pioi cof life smined assured, when 1 received a Ilur frm Riault d Errvy, announcing his arrival it Paris Iar m Cf nstantiuoltle and expresaing a great nosire to sea mie. I hastened to him and tould hit otf miy comit marriage. Hecongratu lated tite cordliv.ly I msaid that 1 countedon his being myi best mann, and be accepted sillitigly lly marriage was tired for thle fifteenth of May, and he did not t h are to return to his post until the first ti:as in June. Then the conversation turnel to other topics. " ' I a doing very well,' I said, 'and you ' "Oh, I !' he answered, with a smile which expressed at once joy and sadness; 'I - what a change! I itt m:td-a woman-Jean, I am eitiher v ry happy or very utnhappy. Wnhat can you call a happinss whnich has been purchased by a bad ationi? I have grieved, I have be trayved, an excellent friend. I havre carried off front Constantinoiple, the-'" "My t uts," 31. Safrac: iutrrupted, "omit from your story the faults of others and nameno one. I promised to obey, and continued as follows: "Patul had hardly fini:shed speaking when a wcmiin entered the rosin. It was she evie deatls. She seemed quite at ease. 1 will ex press to you ili a single word the impression she male toin iti. She diil not eeel to tie to. hbe :tiiral. 1 feel how obscure this term is and iow badly it explains my idea; hut, ierhals, it tall btchoie itisre intetligible to yiu as you ftllow my story. Itt trulth. It the expresaion of hier colden eyei , which bEitsod to emit, at tilties, showers od fparkS; in intie curve of her eotigitatic itouth, in tue tisaun of her destt, at titce dark amid luiminiuu; itt the 1dlay euf the harsh arid yet Itarimonioutis lte of her leudy :it the airy hlghtieesa ot her otep; es-ot itt hier naked arms, to aehich invisible wi'm s seiiite te attached; finally, in her whole artelnt a d Iluid being, I felt. something strati-ely fore iit to huttan natt:re-aometltmng, I kitow Ini Iht, inferior and ouperior to ti itlait cucit is Gal has nade her to be our comnpaiii n o titts ertear of exile. From the moment that I sa ti ter, a feeling arose in my aoul and completely tile i it. Ifelt an infinilote disgit: for all w tich ha not this woiuan. W'lhen he saw her onter, Padl troiatwid slinhtly; but changing his clitid intnediately, he tried to smile. "'Leila, let me present my best frit-td.' " I know 31. Jeati,' Leila answered.' " These words must have senmtid Etringe for we had certainly Lever mte: before. UL the accent was stranger still; if the crystal csuld tlintk, it would speak so. M' My fritad Jean,' added Pal, Lit to hr tiarried in six weeks.' "Ac this nmoment Loila lIiokeJ at tme, att I sav plainly that her goldien eyes said 'So. '1 left greatly agitated, ity friend titit ahttu ing the least desire to retain me. I oilodereld about the streets all day, m' heart emnp:y aect desolate; tten. finding taysolf. in ttte oveititug bhtftire a forist's shop oti the Boulevarti, I re membered my nitiouux aiid enter d to get a braich of white ltac far Iter. Hardly was the flower lietveen my fincers whon a atttle hlnd snatched it runm tue, atnd I saw Loils runitrtig off, laughing. She had on a shortcrnsy tre-s, a gray cent, and a little rottd list. ThisPtarPiiajl racin costume was strandeh inharmiiotiona tetitih ttte iairy-like beauty of tttia creatnue atnd teemed on her like a sortof dioS'uiie. Still eo I saw her thus, I tect that I lovil tier seiti alt inextinguiohabte love. I trIed to catch tier but ate escaped me in the crowd of peop!e anttd carriages. cFron that moment I felt as if I no loncer lioed. I went several titites to Piul's witrout seeing Leila aguin. It received tite pleasantly but did ntit speak of tier. We unad asutit t say to -one antutiter, tid 1 left hitii sodly. k'ttally, one slay, the taint said it tuw: M. d'Erayis out .' and aitiid.' sitoldi yau like to seemotadatitre?' I lastiaerid,' h's. SOh, my father I this wird-ithiat tears of blot-d c:its teiter esltate it 1 enttere;t I fitid her in the aalo-iat, tall lyis i.'n t divaniat. its a rule of goldi ni ytlltua, uittder thich she hlid curled her little feet. I sale tier-but, no-1 saw nto more. My throat nes suddttnla ptarched. I could not speak. An odor of myrrh and nirinmatica whicnl caue froint her, intoxicated me with langour and detira, at if alt the perfumes of tihe inytic Oietnt bad penetrated at onca liy quivering nostrils. Surely sht sas no natural woman for nothiug human appeared in her. HlIr f,c\ e.inm.r-,, no sentiment good or l1i:, excpi. it hit of a voluptuouuness at once sai.uual a'd cruetial. Doubtless she noticed my agnation, for pre. senutly she Ip ,?k to 11m, I a voice as pure as the 6so01 f the briko in the woods: 'What is the miatirr with you I' "'I lve you mally.' I cril through my tears, as I throw myselefiat i her feet. "Titin she tieiin d her arims and cast on me a glance fronm her cle:ar and passionate eyes. ' hy did you not say so io.lOer?' site baid. "Houtr without a mtine, I I t elle.d to me that both of us, carried away to heaven, filled it :onphtely. 1 felt Iny?clf becomigii the equal of God, antl--" At these words 31. S.frac, who bid listened to ile for some tinei with visible impatience, rose and stood agansit the chimniey, holding hil V.iMock up to his knees to warm his legs. " Yiu are a iliserablo blasphemer,' he sail, with a severity which was almost contempt, "and, far from detesting you crimes, you cOil ftss them only from Ipride and delb ctation. I will listen toyou no longer." I burst into tears and beged his forgirve.ess. Seeing tlhat my humility was. sincere, he sllowed me to continue my coufession, on con dition hat I ahould not spare myself. S .y lather," I conti , I Iit , 1left Leila, turn by remorse; but the next day she came to so, me, and then commenced a life which hurassed me with tortures and delights. I was jealous of Paul, whom I had wronged, and I ssiffered cruelly. I do not believe there is a more de baring'disease than jealousy, nor one which flls the soul with more odious imAges. Leila did not even deign to lie to help me ; in fact. her condct was inconceivable. I do not forgpe to whom Ia sa peaking, and I shall be careful not to offend the ear of the most venerable of priests. . will only lay that Leila did not seem to participate in the lore which she allowed at.sto enjoy; but she had instilled into my whole being the poison of passion. Leila was absolutely, without that which we call moral sense. You muat not believe, for all that, that she showed herself wicked or cruel; she iias, on the coutrary, gentle and full of: pity. Neitlier did the lack intelligence, but her in ielligence was not of the same nature as ours. Site spoke little, refusing to answerall ques. tions corcerning her, pat. She knew inothiig of those things which we usually know, but on the other hand, knew much of things of which we are ignorant.' - Brought up in Ihe Orient, she knew all aoria of Persian and Hindoo legends, which she related in a intlrT. tonous chant, with an infinite grace. Tob hear her tell of the charming dawn of the world, one would have said that she was contemparary with the youth of the uniivere. O:et day 1 made the remark to her. She answered, smil ingl: I' am old, it is true."' : M. Safrac, still stading before the fire, had beetn bending down toward mi, for some tiner, in an attitude of the liveliest attention. "Coo tinue," he said. ' Several times, my father, I questioned L-ila in regard to her religion. She answered that she had tone that. she did out need any ; that her mother and her sisters were the daughtersof God, and that, nevertheless, they were not bound to Hilni by, any creed. She wore, suspended round her neck, a medallion, filled with a little red earth, which she said she had piously gathered out of love for her mother.". ',....... . Hardlyhad I pronotunced theie woids, when ~3. Safrao, p.le and trembling, bounded for ward and pressed nme in his arms. "She spoke thetruth I" he cried ; "I know nowr who tl;h is catre iasu; Jean, your in Itinct did not deceive yon. It was not a woman. Finish-finish, I beg of you I" ' "My father, I have almost finished. Through love of Leils, I had brukec off iny solemin en gagement. 1 had betrayed my beat friend. I had offended God. Paul, havring learned of Leil's infidelity, wetit wild with grief. He threatened to kill her, but she answered him Tently: "Try it. my friend; I would like to at. hit I caun it.' "Fuorsix rionlths site was mine. Then, one morninig. she annouuced that ael was gioing back to Persia and that tha would see me no more. I wept, I uiosed, I delared that she never loved ue. "' No. no, my, friend," she replied, gently; Sbnt how manry women, who have not loved you any more than 1, have not given you that which yo' have received from mie You, at least, owe me some gratitude. Adieu!' "I remained two days in anger anddespair. Then, mindful of the salvation iM my isoul I hastened to you, my father.. I am here; purify, elevate, fortifyy my heart!-for I love her stilli 31\. Safrac remained thoughtful. his hand presed against his forehead. "My son," he said,at last, "this confirms my great dis. coreries; this will confound the pride of ?the moden sceptics. Listen to me: We live to-day in a tiinetof miracles,ai did the first. born men. Listen, listen! Adam had, as I told you, a first wife of whom the Bible does not spe:k, but with whom the Talmudi mikes us acquainted. She was called Lilit. Fornued not fromu one of his ribs, but from the red earth fromn which he hlimnself wa, created, she was not tlesli ef his flesh. She left him of herown irte will. lie was still livint in itnncecee wvhen he? left liiin to go to thti regions where tie Persiatns c'ta.b!ishlid themelrces long years ;fterts ird .i. l whl:rc dwelt tile preadaunites lnl".. In:tellleent andl im rtu beii uttlif 1 tlian lail. I;he hid tiiitcf.-ore, no part in the fault of nur lir' ifatr andl wis ut Esleo ciy thie otIinal inll; coiii.quentlv she cap led the curse proi iounced ai.aias Ere antd hlr pisterity. lhe i\as caml from i ain a> l dieath. Heviin- 1, bi.ul tio ove, -hei was asi iepli!abte if merit as if diierit. Whatever shle cii. sne do£ n,.it!^r g ,d nnr evil. lter d irziher., borni to licrfriom a mi-:erious ii V;ini,;re inrenc ;:ii li.k iersE.I, :cid, like her, frec in their actinm ;i in tliheir ;lh u 'its. sine, th.y cani neithler 11 : tur lse Litflre Gd. Sow, my son, t 1 rlecigcis. by inflhble si usthe creatlre wl:o cast e1l vuur tiil. Tlis I LeIla was a da;.htliir , L:l;li. I'ay ; I will hear you to-.morrow i1 UI reili>icd thouihtfuil flr a rmnent, ther. dr: iw it' a paper iromi his picket li coll tinud : * l.at iih'it, after havig' wiished you igi,,d i,i'it 1 rec-civecl ru? tie ctt. r c:;rrier, ui!o I-t been delayed iy the nlw.. a di ??r.-e able itter. The h l d vilcar ritts ith t umy I..k has :,ii uVri t!i ci niiu.i, S ic ,if Lent. Ts i:i ltrk, I. .is, is til c vitt'i cing' lr p sitiots a id <i niiins alri, ad, condelmnld tby tie fathers. ili ,'race couiii nit ipprove sudl u;sciliukslcice l cuhr.itions. T.ti c is * 'cuat they c 'ritl ice. it I ill r cite v ',r adventuretoi, I llltti euisr; it will pr.ve t liii ti:at Lilith exists land that I do noi dream."i I be"id i Itrae toI liiten t 111 ii anoiher nioint. . "Lei. , imy fi.lher, ar. cave at . . art- 1 ini? a; pice ll pipyvrus, uitn 5lich are tract.d, ith ti ic oiniit of a stylus, characCer whti 1 c inc ni rid. Here is t'e a!nuiet." M. difac ti,,e the li:ht siett which I |aic i i iil d ti .exa; ol ii uit attttiv tly. ' riii' i' ti rittn ii cl l'r-ian langua;e Cl tee -oldedn ci e" lie iil after a Innmeint, "ai nd my ic trnslatt d as fc ll ,us: * * P ' frlu ; OF !r E I )A , D A rn a rITi 1; o r LI LITII. " ". (i·, I. .ir t ,) i ?' . r, ; ,, l!· ,,f I ^ ; I ; /: t. ii I f·. t 31yG,. r (' I? : ' d1lP?]T f 