THE OPAL RING. £Cp at H ' Hail, and when the clock | has on that hesstly opal Xfiig, which J hate. See it^litter^ uit it sheltered within a devil otaehost." vi?-' Wonld you like to hear its story?" said i Ji^ffl(i^ittsgolji3es L^«hostfio perhapB it ■ *"Lei*a JightViome hrandy and make a ■'_''■;-jgr^ vJighV' aiud Selwyii; 'il'm sore it j-K • ' lEnhwi"- hegan Gardtmy ^'thatfam a relation of Lord Go/don. -Oar '"', AHim^krehbnainB,' hat he has always been *■<30x3 on o! Grathorne Abbey ?" asked . ^torife'Selwyn.: ;"\:};'>'. * •'" • " *' Teg; • I visited there last ChipiBtmae ior :u - ihe ifirst "iune*' ,tay eonsin: having alwajB wintered op tothaV time at a ehootinr-hox in .y ^Norfolk; 'When lamved hiseisterClariee— 4-riiietmeinlt^ \- i hhd aiew othMB wonld haVe to ilecp'in tte j alteidVaa thcra were seTCTalhf iis. ' LaBsnredj "thehorth^hg.'atwhia^ relieved. . -*'Aa ald-man'Serrant showed me upstairs; and after-traversing ^bont amiienl et&ir.; : casesandfiaSR&gfBWfi; armed st thanorth . wing.p&rt;'Jofifae originalljnildicg, now.abonl JDO years old. ■*;«'VWby.:don:i; people-like tsleopinginthis part,JEflpniaal' lacked. 'Itseems tome IbemOBtoomlortalileplaoe-IwaB evenn.V Gliomas, * I don't think libera iamuehagaintt the Toom.'fxcapt that popr:Ijidj I)oroUij ;'wflfl kept hero nil eke Escsped - knd Srasdrowned : in the--lake. Shall t send some one to onpaek lor yon, «rl' . "Par itQe oett iorlnijght: we -were hard •worhedj lor it is not eaay -to keep fifty people v ^8mUacd/^)Dft :&B; vtlie.- frost held oat, «katnng •ndsleJghingTrere mcbhindulged in ulldey, Mill iJnjltrSfrtlg kh J fidncerti si Ai • |oitDightl,wh£C slLwere -jgone exoept myself and a lev other relatives, Oiauce asked sne if 1 wmtfd change my room. „ *" Ho, tbankyou, I prefer staying where I am,' said,!. :i- -c.?tf®ingkid Ifyou've vent the ghosts a way/ sbeaaid. ""'The servants ali "declare .that if anyone adept iherefoarteen rnightH Tanning, the apentrce would nevernome hack again,' ■*' "AYs!!,'! answered, »Tve slept there thirteen mighty ;*iilntend to sleep tbere the fourteenth, so it is a had lookont lor the ghosts' "Xfcat wa3 New Tear's "Eve, and at was innch inoh weatber as tmE, except that there waaan atrial gale all-day whichhlewdown : fcigtrees-andleltidnfte -m the park ten ieet andClsriceendsdogwithbystericB, which I rhd Boteurprisenernutih atternllfhe fatigue j ol theiaEt fortnight % «Dct sieves o'olcckrwe 1 separated end wept to our rooms, and for j jhefirst' ti^Bil^pnght mint rattoerghosily.j so tmadejnp an enormous fire and settled^ ii^r^e^^sm^a^JSl^de^V^jpotife'^lng.anr; Jell lasted quite tWo j ^kaffliekeni^initeeqeketi^ firewasj :veryr low, bat I did not feel icc'lned to make 1 fwlipg that spmevi 'mcelM SraBW^heroom.? f abcbrdioeft ac-1 ;. jft V ^ytfigniBBtthe;b& ihcWoom.;,Afier ' ^^^e ittaTn^ find appiowheS ine.nhd;! : '«aw:i't ^BBBblafly dreasediii a costnmeof the■ . last oentary.and having'on tier hand .this :- ring. -Presently she came grnte close to me,, :.. cinfi among other ihiDgs .which I mast pot . reveal she implored me to wear Ithe ring while ho West if aomejpnej .'■■ 'y didn't w^ it ; ^d^ come.end. aWmit-^ iteenViedr Mysallovertherocih. I promised to do her. \- will,wben ehe disappeared through -a panel,, and I reiiEmhEred no moratill 1 a woke in : broad daylight, and fonnd old Thomas stand-: ing .beside me.iookingdreadfullyfiightenwi: r 1 bat he seemed relieved When I assured him I was all right, and sent him to feteh Geoffrey. When he came Ttoldhimeverything, and: . pointed not ;the panel through which tho lady had passed. He crossed the room and ' - opened it, revealing a email recess, in which . -lay an old broeaded dress and a pair ol satin slippere, which I instantly recognised as . those the lady had Worn. *'4Bnt .what abont the sing, Clifford?" asked Geoffrey. •' "1 held" op my hand and showed him the ^ .•bpaliWpw Jpsle'-hhd lostreless as apiece of carnation. His faoe blanehed.. -•'• Shealwaysappearsbefore a death,' he . thhtteiSa?- 7; '• When I was dresBed J joined my oonsin ' in the picture gallery. He was standing betora'aeoWUportraitjWhiah 1 instantly re . oognisedae my visitor of the night before, , and Whiter linger gleaming the opal ring. ;r.'I may Vae well tell yoo alii know abont ; her,* said Gecffrey. 'She was the wife ot ease anoeEtor-ofonrs, and he gave her that opal -as. an engagement ring. One winter night a traveller came and asked for their hospitality, as his horse could go no further. He turned out to be an artist, and Dady Dorothy insisted on his painting this por trait of her, which he did, and in the mean time gained her affections to enoh a degree that a dnel Was the result.and her husband was killed. What happened to the painter ho one ever knew, but poor Lady Dorothy went mad, and was kept in the north wing, from which ehe -escaped one New Feat's Eve and draiihed herself in the lake.' "At this znomeht old Thomas cashed into ; {heroom exclaiming:: " •.«« Mias Clarice 1 poor Miss Clarice I I )mew somethingwouldhappen!' , ." Wo xaahed .off to Clarice's zoom, -where ore loundmypoor cousin quite buthi her mind. ' \- "»r saw. her 3 J sawher!'she kept repeat lug. *She cams through there, and I eaw bstj' «• Inexpressibly chocked I hurriedfor^ a doctor; bat it was of no see. Toe poor girl never recovered her reason, and a month afterwards I heard bi her death. -"When we examined . the recess in my: room, we lonnd a eeoretstaircase andadoor into Clarice's room, and oo one of these steps an old cambric handkerchief and a shawl, rrhloh it is supposed lady Dorothy dropped in her hoetyflight. GeoSrey shut op the house and has lived abroad ever since* I am told that he looks quite an old man,andhaB white hair, bnt I have never seen him since that terrible day," \- When. Gordon. finished a deep silence pre vailed, and it was hot broken till we beard the bells ringing .in the New Year. "We all crowded round ibe open window, and there were many hand shakings and good wishes exchanged by all of us except Gordon, who slipped out, unperceived in the general movement. "FunDjr thing," mused Charlie, wonder if it is true ? Most be, though, sines $0*6 .got the ling. I tiways thought there iwas something connected with that opal; it I flitters so much ; and to-night it was quite 1 led." ■ )' jifo separated soon alter this, and. when my irian called me in the morning he brought &-lew lines "hastily scrawled on a scrap of paper from Gordon, telling me that he had been obliged to leave by an early train, and ^ould I explain matters to onr host. ■ J"or ten yearel had neither heard nor seen anything of Gordon. 1 had sold ont ot the regiment in which Charlie Selwyn was now major, and s lied down in a comlortable plape that an uncle had opportunely lelt me; ■shdlhad jnst in vited a lot of people tor a Cfirhtpaae' pnd New Tear's visit when some not very pleasant business obliged me to ..countermand all my invitations and pene trate into Garmany, which* ot all places in jthe' world seems to be the worst to spend the winter in. : I .had fiuiehed every thing,and was hoping to get home in tiine to see the New Tear in: but I was doomed to disappointment; and alter the .trains had becn.get'ti.ng slower and slower, on New Year's Eve they came to a standstill altogether, and at last a porter name and managed to make me understand that I mnstget ont, as 1 was the only pas? aengeari and the train did hot intend to go any further.' But where the denes is this ?" I asked, lookingnboutme in despair and seeing no thingimt-the itbine and a very Email town bnitebanke, which at this point are most uninteresting,' and, iniaot, remind you of polish a;;-' At last.I managed to make out that it was NeuwieJ, tbatthe " Golden Anchor " and the •' tyiid llan " was. shut, and tbst the only place-where! should be likely to get rooms ^wastha Moravian Hotel, which, lor the ex horbitant amount of five marks, the porter offered to show me. Could l fcaverooms ? ?es, certainly, and anything dm too, said the polite proprietor, showing me -into n sitting-rcom with a fire in.lt.. And sboold they take hot water up etairs, and what should I-. like for dinner 1 : Thissonnded comforting, and it proved so, tqo, for alter a hot bath and An excellent, dinner .1 felt refreshed and set myself cheer* tally to work to read some Graphics a year old," But X: was not long -alone. The pro prietor evidently thonght he might as well obmejand Converse with .me, which he did, giving me his views on German politics, whioh were qu'ts different from anything I had ever heard before on tbe subjeot. And have yon no one else here to-niyht?" I inquired. , •'-Oaiy a German lady and hex daughter who occupy a sitting room upstairs," he an swered ? but if the gentleman wishes I will .hsk them to come and talk." ., " Mot at all, thank you," I replied, the idea bf' iuwi&g; to conwrea withtwo German 2adies>beibg^ too.inaoli for me. .-''-Bat 1. meant English; yon have no one else here, X eappoBef' :ff ne landlord's face grew grave. " lres, we have one Englishman here," he bald, "but he will he gone before the morn ing, X fear, poor fellow." > :4'How.dd you mean—where is lie going ?" linquired. - v:'4iflome—he is dying; perbape yon would VIdid not much like the thought, bat it Ijreniellbo^e«nob en awful thing 11 die away from 'everyone In a foreign land, with no :»eHqw- countryman neat, that I consented, ahdihy iandlord iook me upstairs to.a room rin ^lnoh w^ a German doctor and two Mpra¥ian «tta:e watohing their patient, lor there waB nothing else now to dolor him. I went eoitlyu'pto the bed and looked at the dying man, - whose lace was in the shadow, ibuione ntvwhbse hande lay oh the oonnter ipaner-Oa it^itteredapopal ring. ^g'^dsredn'I'^^seib' A yoioe ; and as he reoqgmecd Cliflord <jpr-;. don. "hly dear friend1 murmured, and then I^aiwhrbkedown. ~ ' 7; diem to leave us; they can do no gqddn3w,"h6eaid. l tnrned to thelandlordand told him this -was an old friend ol mine, and that he wished toepeak to me alone, whereupon he bandied the doctor and the ethers ont of the room and left us together. "Anderson," Gordon began, " do yon re. member this time ten yesre ago, and my tell ing yon about Lady Dorothy ?" • Yee I remember it all," I eaid. , Well,'! Jiavo seen her again'! ehe came iast&igbt; and I think ehe will come again lor the ring,". 1 hope not," l answered gently, althongh even my inexperienced eyes saw that he had not much longer to live. '"Ididn ot tell yo nail,'' he said. "I have Always fieeh afraid lest I should go mad like poor Clarioe, hat I am' not afraid now. Are those hells ringing in the Hew Yeor ?" . "Yes, dear ...old friend, it is New Year's morning," I answered. "WtUyou open the window? I should like to hear them for the laBt time. D j yoo think yon conldraiee me slightly 7" : I put my hand behind him and gently raised him. 'We remained silent for some time, and than Gordon said: / -'"The Hew Year has come now, has it mot 7 And Lady Dorothy—"hastopped, and his eyes closed. I seized the hell-poll, bat it wonld'not act. When I looked as his hand the ring was gone. He was dead 1 