CHATTE« XXV. .nu; WAR wrni TUE HALAKAZI TKOVLK. Now, my father, I must tell of how TJmslopo- gaas the Slaughterer and Galazi the Wolf fared ip. their war against thia People of the Halakazi. When I had gobo from the shadow of the Ghost Mountain, TJmslopogaas sum- moned a gathering of oil ' his' headmen, and told them that it was his désire that the people of the Axe should no longer be a little people, that they should grow great and number their cattle by tens of thousands. «. The. headmen, asked how this might bo brought about-would he then make war on Dingaan the king? TJmslopogaas answered no,1 he would win the f avour of the king thus: and he told them of the Lily maid and of the Halakazi tribe ia Swaziland, and of how he would go up against that tribe. Now, some of the headmen said yea to this and some said nay, and the talk ran high and lusted till thé evening.. But whon the evening was come Umalopogaas rose and said that he was chief under the Axe, and none other, and it was his will that, they should go up against the Halakazi.' If there was any man there who would gainsay his will, let'him stand forward and do battle with him, and' he who conquered should order all things. - To this there was no answer, for there were fow who cared to face the beak of Groan-Maker, and so it came about thatit was agreed that the People of the Axe should go up against the Halakazi, und TJmslopogaas sent out messengers to summon every fighting-man to his side. But when Zinita, his wife, came to hear of tho matter she was augry, and upbraided TJmslopogaas, and heaped curses on me, Mbpo, whom she knew only as the mouth of Dingaan, because, as BIIO said truly, I had put this scheme into the mind bf tho Slaugh- terer. ! What I' she went on, ' do you not livbhereih pence and plonty, and must you go! to make war on those who have not harmed you ; there, perhaps, to perish or to come to other ill ? You say you do this to win a girl for Dingaan and to find favour.in his sight. Has not Dingaan girls more than he'ean count ? It is more likely that, weary- ing of us, your wives, you go to get girls for yourself, Bulalio j and as for finding favour, rest quiet, so shall you'find most favour. If the king sends his impis against you, then it will be time to fight, O fool with little wit!' Thus Zinita spoko to him, very roughly for she always blurted out what was in her mind, and TJuislopogans could not challenge her to battle. So he must bear her talk as best he might, for it is often thus, my father, that the greatest men grow small enough in their own huts. Moreover, he knew that it was because Zinita loved him that she spoko so bitterly. Now,'on the third day all tho fighting mon were gathered, and thero might have been two thousand of them, good men and brave. Then TJmslopogaas went out and spoke to them, telling them of his adventure, and Galazi the Wolf ' was with him. They listened silently, and it was plain to Bee that, as in the case of the headmen, some of them thought ono thing and some another. Then Galazi - spoke to them briefly, telling them that he knew the roads and the caves and the number of the Halakazi cattle ; but still they doubted. Thereupon TJmslopogaas added these words 'To-morrow, at the dawn, I, Bulalio, Holder of the Axe, Chief bf the' People of .the Axe, go up-against tho Halakazi, with Galazi the Wolf, my brother. If but ten men follow us, yet we will go. Now, choose, Îrou soldiers ! . Let. those come who. will, and et those who , will stop nt home with the women and tho little children.' Now'a'great shout rose from overy thront. ' ' We will go with you,'Bulalio, to victory or death !' . : ("Tu ho continued iii Tuesday'! Issue.) 