MR. STEAD'S "REAL GHOST STORIES." " Real Ghost Stories " is the title of the Christmas number of the Jleview of Reviews. The collection includes several old-fashioned blood-curdlers j but the sixpennyworth, as a whole, may be described as unique. Follow- ing aro a few examples of Mr. Stead's sensa tions : — tub clairvoyant and toe murderer. Tho idea of using the clairvoyant as a spiritual sleuthhound to track down an un known murderer has always been a fascina ting one. A Swedish doctor gives an account of a case in which everything in tlio vision tallied with tho case afterwards got together against a particular inan, who had a fend witli the murdered man, but who got off with a sort of " not proven" verdict : — " The clairvoyant was hypnotised in my wife's presence and then ordered ' to look for the place where the murder hod been committed and see the whole scene, follow the mnrdorer in his flight and describe hhn and his homo and the motive for the murder.' Miss Olsen then spoke as follows, in great agitation, sometimes using violent gestures. I took notes of her exact words ana repro duce tlicm here fully : — " ' It is between two villages — I see a road — in a wood — now it is coming — the gun— now he is coining along, driving — the liorse is afraid of tho stones— hold the horse ! hold the horse ! 110 w ! now he is killing him — he was kneeling when he fired — blood I blood ! now he is running in the wood — seize him ! he is running in an opposite direction to the horse in many circuits— not on any footpaths. Ho wears a cap and grey clothes — light — has long, coarse brown hair, which has not been cut for a long time— grey-blue eyes — treacherous looks— great dark- brown beard — ho is accustomed to work 011 the land. I behove he has cut his right baud) He lias a sear or a streak between his thumb and fore finger. He is suspicious and a coward. ' The murderer's home is a red wooden house, standing a little way back from tho road. Oil tho ground floor is a room which leads into the kitchen, and from that again into the passage. There is also a larger room which does not communicate with the kitchen. Tho church of Wissefjerda is situated obliquely to your right when you are standing in the passage. 4 Win mnhvn waa itnmit.w « ih anama n.H if hfl had bought something— taken something— a Eaper. He wont away from home at day- reak, and the murder was committed in tho evening. 'Miss Olsen was then awakened, and liko all my subjects she remembered perfectly what she had been seeing, which baa made a very profound impression on her.' " Everything tallied, as it turned out, down to the scar on the hand. The clairvoyant had never seen tho mur derer in her life, and knew nothing of the circumstances. warned in vain. "Supernatural" warnings are sometimes on trivial subjects ; sometimes, while serious and even tragic, they seem power less to avert the danger against which they warn. Mr. Stead quotes a story from the accumulations of the S.P.R. which " is full of the tragic fascination which attaches to the struggle of a brave man, repeatedly warned of his coming death, struggling in vain to avert tho event which was to prove fatal, and ultimately perishing within the sight of those to whom lie hud revealed the vision." The story in brief is as follows : — "Mr. Fleet was third mate on the sailing ship Persiau Empire, which left Adelaide for London iu 1868. One of the crew, Clcary by name, dreamed before starting that on Christmas morning, as the Persian Empire was passing Cape Horn in a heavy gale, he was ordered with tho rest of his watch to secure a boat hanging in the davits over the side. He and anotiicrgot into the boat, when a fearful sea broke over the ship, washing them both out of the boat into the sea, where they were both drowned. The dream made such an impression upon him that he was most reluctant to join the ship, but he overcame his scruples and sailed. O11 Christmas Eve, when tlioy were nearing Cape Horn, Cleary had a repetition of liis dream, exact in all its particulars. He uttered a terrible cry and kept muttering, ' I know it will come true.' On Christinas Day, exactly us he had foreseen, Cleary and the rest of the watch were ordered to secure a boat hanging in the davits. Cleary Uatly refused. Ho said he refused because he knew he would be drowned, that all the circumstances of his dream had come true up to that moment, and if he went into the boat he would die. He was taken below to the captain and his rqfnsal to discharge duty was entered in the log. Then tho chief otficer, Douglas, took the pen to sign his name. Cleary suddenly looked at him and exclaimed, ' I will go to my duty, for now I know the other man in my dream.' Ho told Douglas, as they went on deck, of his dream. They got into tho boat, ana when they were all making tight a heavy sea struck the vessel with such force that the crew would have been washed over board hod they not clung to the mast. Tho boat was turned over and Douglas and Clcary were llung into the sea. They swam for a little time and then went down. It was just three months after he had dreamed of it before leaving Adelaide." a sister's dream. Hero is another thrilling sailor-story bear ing 011 the subject of apparitions at tho moment of death : — "A great gust of wind seized the half- slackened maintop-sail, and sent it fluttering into fragments. At tho same moment the ship reeled nearly on her beam ends, and, above the howling of the gale, we heard a sudden cry of despair. I was horrified to seo an apprentice, J P .(sent whirling headlong from the masthead into the sea. Even yet I can see tho look of agony stamped on his upturned face, and I can near the very tones of liis heartrending cry, ' Oh ! Lucy, Lucy,' ub lie disappeared for ever in tho darkness below. " After the storm abated the captain made a careful note of the exact time of the occur rence, the position of tho ship, and the other particulars. He seemed struck at my men tion of the exclamation I had overheard falling from the poor fellow's lips as ho clutched in vain at the yielding air. " ' All,' ho said, ' that must nave . bee 11 his sister, Lucy V , to whom ho wub greatly attached.' "Tho rest of tho voyage passed without incident, and us soon as the ship arrived ut Liverpool I made mv way to the train which was to tako me to Manchester. " I was walking idly along the platform when I buw tlio face of an old gentleman, who, with a young lady on his arm, was elbowing liis wuy through tho crowd. His resemblance to our lost mate was so strik ing that I stood und looked at him. Tho young lady's eyes happened suddenly to meet mine. Instantly she gave a violent start, uttered a low scream, and exclaim ing: — 'Oh, look, there's the face of my dream !' stored at me as if fascinated. Her companion gently rallied her, and half led, half carried her, to the nearest Waitingroom. As he passed ho begged mo to come with them and handed mo his card. " When wo were alone tho old gentleman explained that tho sight of my face had re minded liis daughter of a very peculiar aud unpleasant dream, to which sho still persisted in attaching importance. He said, ' At the present moment, indeed, wo are on our way to discover if the owners of my son's ship liavo received any news of its arrival.' " I said, ' I am an apprentice of the C , and have but lately left her lying in tho harbor.' " ' Then,' the young lady cried, ' I must bo right. It must do true. 'Twas that man's faco I saw gazing at liirn as he fell. I saw Joe's ship in the midst of a fearful storm and him clinging to the slippery shrouds, A bright flush seemed to puss before my eyes, aud I saw him falling backwards into the sea. I saw your face iu the momentary gleam, and I woko perfectly terrified to hear _tho sound of my own name — "O Lucy 1 'Lucy !" — whispered in my ears.' " The expression of my face must have conveyed but too well the meaning of my silence. " 'My God,'criedMr. ,'is it true, then? Is I10 dead ? ' "I stammered — 'Too true, sir. Yes! evory word of it 1 I was beside him at tho moment and even tried to save him.' " On comparing notes we found that tho dream took place the very day, allowing for the difference in longitudo, even tho very hoar, when the accident occurred I ' an eerie story from tiie siietland8. Hero is a samplo of the narratives repeated in good faith by the superstitious folk of tho remote Shotlande : — " One day in 1836 a fisherman of tho name of Groy found that when returning from fish ing his boat stopped without any apparent cause. In vain ho strained at the oars ; it would not move a foot. He looked over the prow, thinking I10 might have got entangled in seaweed, but the water was clear. Ho thought he might havo struck on a hidden shoal, so rocked the boat. She rocked freely, sliowmg thcretwas water under her keel. Grey then looked over the stern, and to his horror saw a man, whom lie knew had been dead for six mouths, holding 011 to the sternpost. This man was one with whom lie had some little quarrel, and Grey besought him to free tho boat, saying that he had hoped tliat death' would have .cancelled all enmity he tween them. Without replying, tho man still hold on, and at last, in despair, Grey took his axe and hocked off tho sternpost, when tho boat at onee shot forward. The man, however, cried out that Grey and hp should meet again in six weeks. Grey, iu great fear, hastened home and told his family and friends of the occurrence. In six weeks, at the exact timo the dead man had named, Groy was found in the morning dead in bed. A Bon of Robert Grey, who saw the mutilated boat come in, was, at any rate, keeping a sailors' boardinghouse in Antwerp, but there aro many in the Shetland Isles who well remember the circumstance and seeing tho boat with tho sternpost cut off" GHOSTS AOORKS8IVE AND TANGIBLE. Ghosts tako many and various forms, and there are a few pretty terrifying ones in Mr. Stead's collection. There are diabolical floating faces and mutilated trunks. Thero is a ghost which inflicted its company on an unhappy living friend for a walk of some duration, which 'it enlivened with a long and detailed account of its violent death, and with the spectacle of its body " burning from within, outwards unconsumcd." There are aggressive ghosts which pull off one's bed clothes, or grapple with one in a confusion of material or immaterial. There is even a ghost which attacked a railway porter at night accompanied by a ghostly dog, which actually bit the porter in the calf of his leg. And tnere is one which strikes us as the only instance we have yet come-across of a "warm, soft and plump" — but the poor thing only consisted of a hand and arm. But we will conclude with a very creepy tale which shows that a mutilated ghost does not always correspond with a mutilated corpse. The apparition may fit . itself out, it seems, with the very parts which are missing in the mortal remains, to say nothing of mating its presence known by an energetic smack on the back , " About the middle of the first decade of this century, there lived in the little seaport town of Girvan, in South Ayrshire, a young man and his sister ; they were warmly attached to each other. My grandmother, from whom I heard their story, was inti mately acquainted with the young woman. The brother followed tho precarious nnd dan- ecrous avocation of the fisher, and our story egins with the loss of his life by the swamp ing of bis boat in a storm. For a week or two his sister was in consolable : her mind dwelt in imagination on tho loved form of her brother tossed amongst the weeds and ooze on the bed of the ocean, tho food for fishes and the dwelling- place for creeping things. At this stage the body was discovered m a rooky part of the coast owing to a singularly vivid dream dreamt by a casual visitor to the town ; an incident remarkable in itself, but not to our present purpose. The corpse, which was much decomposed, had lost the right hand. This mutilation made a deep and painful impression on the sister's mind. " Vunr nrtrl nnnn aVtn wmilfl illirflfi Dllfl IfltO a fit of weeping, wringing her own hands and bewailing the loss of her brother's hand. " This continued for about a week, until ono night, preparatoryto going to bed, she had undressed ; but before she had gone into bed overcomo oy the force of her emotions, she threw her face on the pillow and burst oat weeping, and bemoaning the lost hand ; but scarcely had she done so when, with a cry of fear, she sprang from the bed. " Her cries soon brought the other inmates of the house to her room, and when ques tioned sho informed them that when she had thrown herself on tho bed sho felt some 0110 give her a slap on tho back, as if witli the open hand, and that the place where sho was struck was still pricking from tho effects of the blow and put her hand over her shoulder to point out the place where she was struck. They examined the place, and over tho shoulder blade, in vivid blue, was tho impres sion of a man's right hand." 