MILITARY AND DEFENCE. The band, headquarters and Ashfiold com panies 2nd Regiment Infantry will parade this afternoon, at 3 o'clock, at the entrance to Centennial Park (by the Rand wick tram- lino). Dress: l'ield service, with hats, leggings, haversacks and watorbottles. Mr. William Duvics Downing lias been appointed second lieutenant in the Qucan- beyau company, Mounted Infantry, vice Dunlop, promoted. Yesterday's Government Gazette notified the promotion of First Lieutenant William Alfred Leggatt to bo captain in the 1st Regi ment of Infantry, vice Anderson, retired. At the Victorian military review on Queen's Birthday, prominently placed in front of the saluting base, a little to the left of the Union Jack, were some 10 of the old soldiers and sailors from the United .Service Home, at Drysdalo— " Tullocli's Own," as they are called. They wore the three-cornered hats and frock coat# of the old country pensioners and their white beads and ancient costume made tliem looklike ghosts of a past age. Major-Gencral Tulloeh, the Victorian com mandant, has forwarded to the local Minister for Defence a reply to Sir Andrew Clarke's (Acting Agent -General m London for tho southern colony) criticisms on the forts at Queensclili'. This reply, which states the case for tho defence very forcibly, reads as follows " With reference to Sir Andrew Clarke's criticisms on our forts it may be as well to point out that in nearly every ease the works have been planned or remodelled by officers of the Royal Engineers specially sent out by the War Office, or by engineers of world-wide reputation, like .Sir William Drummond .Jtrvois. The scheme of defence of Poi t Phillip, based 011 the recommenda tions of Sir \V illiam Jervois, has been con sistently aud ably carried out, and Melbourne, as 30011 as arrangements are completed for the outer minefield, will bo one of the most perfectly protected ports of the Empire. Possibly mistakes have been made, but on tho whole the defences havo been well devised and well executed. The avoidance of all errors would be more than could fairly be expected, seeing that such aro not confined to Australia, or even to any country. In tiie United Kingdom aud the Mediterra nean a good many more startling curiosities may he found in one fort than six different natures of guns. Ear more serious matters than that have become subjects of public notoriety, and it must be within the cogni sance of .Sir Andrea- Clarke himself during the time lie was at the War Office that the colonies aro not the only places in which errors are made. As' regards the reference to the large sum being sunk in the com mencement of a fort which will probably be abandoned as a result of more mature con sideration, by which Sir Andrew Clarke pro bably refers to the work at Pope's Eye, I have already strongly recommended — and my recommendation has received tho support of Admiral Lord Charles Scott and all naval authorities— that the completion of a test- l-ooin, defended by some H.E. guns, is neces sary at this place to protect and work the minefield between Observatory Point and Pope's Eye. This work, when funds are available, " should he constructed inside the present amiuhis, on which the money has been expended." Speaking of the expense of the Victorian "army," tiie Melbourne Age, in a long critical article published during the week, lias the fol- owing to say with regard to the dressing of the local forces " Although the adoption of the serviceable kliakee dress is a great stride, the spirit of 'swagger' ha3 not yet died out, and the financial aspect of the uniform question is very unsatisfactory. Providing the first essential of invisibility, the khakee also ullbrds ease and comfort when properly used. But as every man has to be measured and fitted with elaborate care, the kliakee clothing costs about £2 a suit, which is a saving of only 15s a suit on the old gaudy scarlet, and one of the great advantages of khakee— namely, economy— is sacrificed to 'swagger.' The prohibitive cost of officers' uniforms lias been put aside by the adoption of plain kliakee, without braid or lace, a reform for which the commandant deserves the warmest praise, so long as it is not rushed on before existing outfits have worn out. But for the rank and file tiie saving in khakee is nothing to what it should be. This force is supposed to be IDnglisli or nothing. The English army sup plies its men on active service with three ready inado standard sizes of kliakee ; it is very" odd if a man is not fitted, and it costs only 7s 6d a suit. By all means let us bo English with regard to this reform. There is no real necessity for having every man's clothes measured and fitted, and padded and piped and lined till lie becomes an antique military doll, with the aspect of a trussed fowl. Of course, tho men must be neatly dressed, but above all comfortable, and this could be scoured by standard ready-made clothing with very little alteration. The force could be properly dressed for about 40 per cent, of tho present outlay. Even now the. Victorian artillery are supplied with kliakee drill uniforms at lis a suit. With something mol e for alterations the general body of the troops should be clothed at 15s or 16s a head, as against £2 per head." The annual drill inspection of tho boys attending the Newtown Superior Public School took place on Wednesday in the Mar- riekville Parle. Eour hundred boys, headed by the school life and drum band (under Band master Norris) were marched to the park, and were there inspected by Captain Mul- hoiland. .The various classes were then put through the different sections of drill, from tiie turning by numbers to company and physical drill. The superintendent also took the four upper classes in battalion drill. At the close of the inspection Captain Mulliol- land expressed his entire satisfaction with the lads. At present there are over 1500 pupils attending the Newtown school. The Paddington Cadet Baud held its annual dinner 011 Thursday evening in tho local Town-hall. Colonel Paul presided, and amongst those present were Major .Strong, Major Dottman, Captain Mulholland and Quarter-sergeant Smith. A capital pro gramme of musical items and recitations was submitted anil carried out successfully, tho following contributing thereto Cadets M'Clarry, D111111, A. Steel, Matthews, Levy, Stedinaii, Qmirtor-sorgeant Smith, Band- sergeant. Riva. Bandmaster Norris, Sergeants Ramsav, M'Namara. Torpy and Walters. During' the evening Bandmaster Norris was presented by the cadets with a handsome cigar-case and a biscuit-barrel. Tiie jiresen- tiition was made by Colonel Paul, who spoke in high terms of the good services rendered by Mr. Norris in his instruction of the various cadet bands. Major Dettman pro posed tiie health of the Paddington Band, to which Bandmaster Norris responded. Colonel Paul at the close of tho entertain ment made a suggestion that in future arrangements might be made for an annual dinner in which ail the cadet bands might take part. ______________ 