liiLi. H 'lluivav plays Kent to Jrving's Lear. Absurd ' ( i - y ought to see Hill's leer. Sin Hkniiv Paiikes is now the only member of the Freetrade party tv-Iio refuses allegiance to the leadership of (3. H. Reid. Crccmi has discovered another extraordinary voi-ie, the proud possessor of which is an Albert Park damsel. "It c*c5 mooch soopurior 7,an Matiame Melba.and vill uiakn. 7.0 grau' scnsashion in two yaire." •IEOHGU Augustus Sala devotes a whole column in his new journal to discussing the dishes he has eat.en during the week. We begin to fear that the brains of " the greatest living journalist " are situated under his vest. (3k the new m igisl rates appointed by the Dibhs Governmint the names of seven were three times hefoie submitted and were rejected for one cause or another. So thai perseverance may ultimately win even a J.P.-ship. As a counterblast to the testimonial to L'ailway Commissioner Eddy, an attempt was made to start one in honour of accuser Scliey. But the latter must console himself with the reflection that virtue is its own reward. Mil. G. Dayiukon, once a director of the Australian Hanking Company, di|;d before the aifairs of the company were taken in hand by the courts. 11 is a peculiar fact that, most of the accused persons ill exculpating themselves direct an incriminating finger at. the poor ghost. David Christik Muriiat supplies a. sketch of "the eight o'clock rush" in "Phil May's Annual." and remarks that it is the broken-down Bwell sent to Australia for the credit of his family that makes Australians dislike England. Indeed, 110, David, they make excellent waiters. Ml!. -Toun liuuNS, the well- known English labour leader, declares that 110 mail is worlh 11101-0 than -CoUO a year. That is tile sum that Jean du h'eszke, the tenor, is said 1o earn iu 11 week. It seems hard that there should he so great a difference between a tenor and a labour leader, seeing that they both earn their living by howling. Mil. Slattehy. Minister for Mines, said a few years ago that his legal business was so exacting that he would not accept a Ministerial position were it offered to him. It was offered to liiin and he accepted, and a jury the other day awarded XTOO damages to a client who alleged that Mr. SI a tt Pry had neglected his case. Mr. Slat.tery has, however, obtained leave to appeal. Parliamentary.—The little dinners occasionally given by Mr. Speaker in the refreshment room when the House is in committee are so good and enjoyable that. Mr. Zox met with 110 applause whatever the other night wlien, noticing amongst, the guests the Members for Melbourne West aud Gippsland Central, he remarked—" 1 fear we have got to put up with short. Commons this evening!" Seeing his failure,lie'then said "he was so hungry that lie had .in awful twist, buj was g),-i<l to find that they all of tlieni had a pood Bent." He. was given 110 grace, but was promptly howled (and sat) down. The monument to Emily Mather, Deeming's victim, is to be quite a gorgeous afl'air—marble column, floral urn.Hihle, etc., in all uine feet high. We have nothing to say against it—only—well, we wonder if Emily Mather, instead of' having been murdered iu an atrociously sensational manlier, had simply and uupicturesquely died of hunger aud cold m the streets (as another woman did-not very loug siuce),would have liad bo much interest taken in her after she was dead. No reflection upon anybody is intended. We just wonder, that's all. A'r a meeting in connection with the Alexandra Shire Council election :—" Mr. C. Creighton.-- Will the candidate be in favour of getting someone to look after stray cattle, and see that the by-laws relating to them are enforced ? They are very dangerous knocking about the streets at night. Mr. Hill (ihe candidate).—! am in favour of the by-laws being enforced. 1 sometimes have to come home late at. night myself—(cheers)— sometimes early—(renewed cheers)—ami I have to tumble over cattle—(tumultuous applause)." Public men and the public evidently understand each other in Alexandra. It is ii strange thing that so few people amongst the general public know the Premier when they meet iiim in the streets. Mr. Shiels was observed walking down Collins-street- a few days agoadorned in a gleamiug silk stove-pipe, by-tlie-bye, instead of the old brown bowler with which iiis statesmanlike cranium is usually roofed—and not. a single person appeared to recognise him. Perhaps it was the hat. Hut, anyhow, in his personality Mr. Shiels appears to be generally unknown. A prominent footballer, in the same place at the same time of tile day, would have been " the eyed of all beholders." Mk. Henky Matthews, E.C., M.P.. who is 011 his way to Australia, was Secretary of State for the Home Department, in Lord Salisbury's administration. He was given a place in the Cabinet as a leward for capturing one of the divisions of Uadical Birmingham for the Conservatives, and fill- the part he took as leading council in the divorce case that temporarily dim-f Sir Charles Dilke out of public life. In his early days Mr. Matthews was couiiected with Fenianism in Ireland, but he changed his politics, aud lived to be a Conservative Cabinet Minister, lie has a style 'of oratory better suited for jury-wiggiii"- than platform speaking. " Dutv.ct] vi:s are very confident men when they get hold of t he trusting jiojiee reporters for the papers, A hatch of criminals is secured for various crimes ranging from elastic vagrancy to iron-plated burglary. Then the detectives are coulident that they have captured the gang that has been committing all tile notorious burglaries. Property-owners breathe again, sleep securely, and wake up ill the morning to find—more burglaries. Then come more arrests, more confidence 011 the put of the detectives, and yet. more burglaries. As the detectives cannot, he mistaken, it must be that the gangs are let out from Pentrid ge 011 parole at niglit, so til at they may keep their hands in at burgling. Some men are mighty hard to please. Mr. ,1. .1. Fitzgerald, J.P., of Ballarat, appears lo us to be one of them. A short time back this fastidious gentleman advertised for a light porter. There were four applicants for the billet. The first., says Mr. Fitzgerald, slouched in with his hands iu his pockets. The second leaned carelessly 011 the counter as he made bis application. The third had a cigar butt iu bit mouth, and the fourth smelt strongly of whiskey. Mr. Fitzgerald informed each cif iliem in turn that he wouldn't suit. The affair is, of course, none of ours, but as it- has become public we would like to respectfully ask why Mr. Fitzgerald refused all these four, men struggling hard to obtain a living fo- themselves iu these hard times. To take them 111 order. The first had his hand? in bis pocketswould Mr. Fitzgerald have rather seen him with his hands in the pockets of somebody else ? The second leaned carelessly on the counter. What then ? We think this a natural and rather a graceful attitude for a man who is waiting ior something to do. Would Mr. Fitzgerald have preferred to see him leaning carelessly on the floor? The third had a cigar-butt iu his mouth. We really arc unable to see what Mr. Fitzgerald could object to in this harmless fact, unless, indeed, he thought the mau should have put in an appearance smoking a whole cigar. The poor fellow, 110 doubt, hadn't the chance to do this, aud had to take what lie could get; but, 110 doubt, if Mr. Fiti^-.M-ald had given him the position he would have quickly settled that little difliculty. And it should have been remembered that lie might have had nothing else but a cigar-butt in his mouth tor days before Mr. Fitzgerald saw him. Aud a cigar-butt, though to a certain extent ornamental and fashionable, and, perhaps, even stimulating, is not of much account regarded as a steady diet. As to the fourth applicant, who smelt strongly of whiskey, all we can say is that Mr. Fitzgerald is 110 great reader of motives, or he would have guessed that the1111111 had t ikeu the whiskey in order to he able to go through the ordeal of being interviewed bv Mr. F .; in fact, that- the whiskey was a tribute of respect, not to say reverence, to'Mr. F. But why say anything further ? Mr. Fitzgerald is, as we said before, mighty hard to please. We don't see how he is going to improve on any of the men mentioned unless he should happen to get au angel ior a light porter. 