The Railway Lands Acquisition Bill introduced into the Assembly last week has two main divisions, one ap plying to lines in country districts, and the other to such as are classed as “ urban.” The constructing authority is the Board of Land and Works, and that “ cost of construction ” is to be held to mean the completion of per manent way, sidings, stations', and the necessary equipment thereof, and 4 per cent, interest on all moneys ex pended up to the date of a line being opened for traffic. This total is to be ascertained and recorded.by the board. It has been a glaring defect in our previous arrangements that, under them, it was almost impossible to arrive at even a decent approximation of the total cost of any given, railway, and this ignorance did not a little to en courage reckless railway authorisa tion.. Under the new Act and when the permanent survey of any duly autho rised line has been duly completed it becomes the duty of the Engineer in Chief to report to the Minister and also to the Board (of Land and Works) full plans and par ticulars of all parcels or plots of land which will be required absolutely for the purpose of the line, what will he needed for temporary occupation in connection with the work of construc tion, and if any will be injured _or pre judiced by’the passage of the line. Upon receipt of these, the Minister will take steps to ascertain whether the various owners, occupiers or lessees of all such lands are willing to convey, free of cost, their various interests to the Crown. If all agree, there is nothing to do but go ahead. If any stand out, the Board is notified accordingly, and officially demands from the unwilling owners or occupiers that all such lands shall be conveyed or transferred to the Crown, free of all charge or encum brance, by or before a given day. If some yet prove obstinate upon that date, the whole procedure is to. be annulled, and things are begun over again, only, this time, they are under the Railways Lands Acquisition Act. It having been determined to pro ceed with aline under the new Act, the first thing is to prepare plans and descriptions of all lands which will be materially enhanced in value by the construction of the line. Armed with these particulars, the Board may de clare the desirability of proclaiming a “ Railway Construction District,” and the Governor will thereupon make the necessary proclamation, which becomes | absolute unless objection be entered within a; month of", its" being made.' Where, opposition is offered in proper form, the side which carries the greater number of signatures to its memorial will:,win, but; if the effect is to defeat the proposal, then another effort may be made after the lapse of twelve months. Provision is made for testing the genuineness of all signatures, and all petitions before being sent in will be carefully scrutinised. The Railway Construction District being thus formed, the next thing is to constitute the Railway Construction Trust. Clauses 18 to 36 of the bill deal chiefly with details of working, mode of election, terms of office, causes of disqualification, &c.; The Trusts may acquire by agreement or compulsorily purchase any lands which the board has certified to be for the authorised line. They are to make reasonable compensation to holders of land which may be in way prejudiced by the railway' and at their request the board will alter the course of a line within reasonable limits of devia tion. It is expressly stipulated in sub section 3, clause 41, that no liability whatever shall attach to the Governor in-Council or the board, for any error on the part of the construction trusts, nor any. undue nor mistaken exer cise of the powers and privileges vested in them. The purpose of these trusts, briefly stated, is to acquire all necessary land for a given railway, so as to hand over the whole track to the Government free .of charge. They will buy, of course, at the cheapest rate, and will have the power of rating, on a differ ential- scale, to provide interest on purchase money, atid establish a sink ing fund. It will be for the trusts to" determine which parts of the area are moat benefited by the new line, and to regulate their rates accordingly. All borrowing by the trusts is to be done by sale of debentures. The Board of Construction is for bidden to commence operations or ac cept tenders until all purchase and com pensation money has been paid, or at least deposited for payment to the various claimants, and all such land conveyed or released to the board. No Crown lands or interests are. to be purchased under any circumstances by the trusts. Clause 94 provides for differential rates. The rates for passengers, live stock, goods, and merchandise shall (says the clause) be calculated as though such line were detached and separate from other lines of rail way. The higher rates are, how ever, to lapse when the new line pays its way. Seventeen clauses contain the application of the new bill to urban lines. In effect it is the same as in country districts, with, of course, an adaptation to the altered circumstances of dense population and comparatively heavy traffic. In urban lines there will be no construction grants, but, on the other hand, a municipal guarantee for payment of 4 per cent, interest for 20 years, or, rather, the balance between this rate and the net earnings of the line itself. No doubt there will be debate, and perhaps amendment; but, on the whole, the bill deserves .. the hearty goodwill of advocates of railway reform. If public disasters come in cycles, like dry seasons are supposed to come, then surely a cycle of such disasters is pass ing over the world now.: The very frequency of fatalities serves to blunt our sensitiveness to their rapid re currence. If the cables from the old world contain some thrilling catas trophe, the business man who glances down the telegrams of this morning’s Star regards it as what was to have been expected as a- matter of course. If they do not, the column is passed over with a vague sense of some usual element being wanting. It cannot be other wise while social, commercial, %nd political life is driven at the pace which now obtains. And the pace is all the time increasin':. Shrewd, sad thinkers, observant of the signs of the times, recognise that we have already entered upon one of Carlyle’s rapids, and begin to listen wistfully for the ominous and wrathful roar of the cataract beyond. v Not that we are seeking to establish any connection between phenomena commercial and social, and such as, for want of a better distinction and definition, we call natural. Still an uncommon fre quency of fatal disasters arouses at tention and suggests enquiry. And the events of the past ten days or so have done both. To pick out a few items from the gruesome record. There was a steam boiler explosion on Lake Geneva, when a boat, laden with pleasure seekers, was shattered to pieces in a moment and between 20 and 30 passengers sent to their last home beneath the placid waters. There was the terrible fire at St. John’s, adding its quotum of the roll of victims, and the explosion in California, which also brought its tale. Then the great strike at Carnegie’s iron works in Pennsyl vania, with its terrible story of mur derous attack and defence, and the fiendish tactics adopted by the de fenders. Meantime an ironclad foun dered at sea, but without loss of life. Next comes a terror-stricken wail from the snow clad flanks of the Alps, where a big avalanche started relent lessly down the soddened slopes and destroyed or buried everything in its way. From this visitation no less than 150 corpses have been re covered, and no one can tell how many may yet remain. The cable news which we publish this morning keeps up the dismal record. Mount Etna has started into sudden activity, and is discharging broadsides of broken rock a thousand feet into'the air, at the same time vomiting molten lava, to the infinite peril of the inhabitants of the country below. Mount Vesuvius shows signs of an immediate eruption, and to complete the terrible narrative, the steamer Catterthun arrives at Sydney with the news that the island of Sanguir with its 12,000 inhabitants had been utterly destroyed by a vol canic eruption, and that both island and people had entirely disappeared. In the presence of catastrophes so stu pendous human knowledge stands help less and human courage appalled. Speculation, while yet we stand within the lurid shadow of tragedies so awful, seems almost profane. Vet we may accept the reminder which they give, that in our dusty and panting chase after what are called the good things of this life we are perpetually ignoring the existence and presence of forces whose lightest movement might sweep all our schemes, as well as ourselves, entirely off the'stage. >T ' ; “A house that is'divided against itself cannot; stand.” So said 'the Great Teacher over 1800 years ago, and'we in Ballarat are feeling the truth of it now. Several years ago the residents of Ballarat East agitated for the construction of locomotive sheds in the Eastern Station reserve, and got them. They then moved for the construction of repairing sheds there, and obtained a promise that the machinery used for the purpose of effecting repairs should be removed from the West, where it had been for years, to the East. The City Council put in a strong protest, which proved temporarily effective, and those who had endeavored to secure an ad vantage for the town at the expense of the city cried out against parochial politics. Now, the same at tempt to rob the West so as to enrich the East is being again made, and the Town Council professes to be amazed at any effort put forth to frustrate it. It is a thousand pities the question was ever raised. In their younger days our public men' have doubtless read the fable of two lions fighting over a carcase until both were exhausted, when a fox crept op and stole the meat. We fear it will be found so in this instance. That the Railway De partment will forego its cherished aim of centralising the whole of the repair ing work is too good to be true. Every incident that can pos sibly be utilised to - further the object will be seized upon. A united Ballarat could resist ihese attempts; but a divided one no ! It is here that the weakness of this place is found in Parliament, Each of the members appears to be playing what is known as a “ lone hand.” Thus public interests are subordinated to private ones.. Ttr plead the promise of the Minister that the machinery shall remain at Ballarat East and the sheds there shall be enlarged, is absurd. We know the value of such pledges; they are given, to be withdrawn or dis regarded on the first opportunity. We have had one experience of this in connection with the work shops at Ballarat West, and another in connection with the City Post Office. So surely as the ma chinery is removed from the Western station will it ultimately find its way to Newport. Those who have worked so hard for the transferral of the work to the East will then find that they have secured for that locality a tempo rary advantage and a barren honor, and deprived Ballarat as a whole of a substantial gain. The statement attributed to Mr Wheeler nt Ballarat last week, to the effect that Mr Speight intended to remove the workshops at Ballarat to Newport has (writes our Mel bourne correspondent) been denied to- day by the ex chairman of Commissioners. It is only fair to Mr Speight to say that in numerous conversations with him on that subject extending over several years, he always expressed himself as being opposed to anything of that kind, and never failed to object to the proposals to that end that were from time to time placed before him by Mr Allison Smith, who looked upon the matter simply from a departmental point of view. Mr Speight, on the contrary, always kept the policy laid down by Parliament in mind, and.over and over again expressed his regret about being able to establish the other country workshops presented by Parliament. He even went so far as to continually nega tive the proposals by Mr Smith to transfer the whole of the repairing shops for Bal larat to Ballarat East, and in favor of which there were many sound railway reasons, always alleging that other considerations than those of simple economy had to be regarded in dealing with national railways. Colonel Smith, who interested himself largely in this matter, will remember that on more than one occasion ho received assurances to this effect after Mr Allison Smith had made his periodical effort to amalgamate the two shops. At the meeting of the Ballarat Mining Board yesterday, two important resolutions were carried. One was protesting against the action of the Mining Department in seek ing to reduce the status of the prospecting hoards, praising the excellent work done hitherto by the Ballarat board, and pointing, out that the present system properly pro vides for the representation of the district. The other resolution was a protest against the proposal to reduce the present staff at the Land Office, Ballarat, by removing Mr Joy to Melbourne, the hoard considering that the efficiency of the office would be seriously impaired by taking away so ex perienced an officer. The mayor of the city reported to the council at their meeting yesterday, concern ing the workshops question, that —“ This matter has again cropped up in a more for midable form, which was never expected by this council, after the definite promise given by the Government that the work shops should not be removed; we relied on this promise as sacred, and were surprised to hear that the machinery in the shops was actually being removed without giving us any intimation. It appears to me, from the treatment we are receiving at the bauds of the Government, it would be advisable to appoint a vigilance committee to watch over the interests of the city.” The mayor gave a verbal report in regard to the visit of the Urtn. J. B. and expressed the hope that she promise given by Mr Gillies .would be carried out. It would ha necessary, however, for Cr Morey and the other mem bers for the district to watch the matter. Cr Little mentioned that both Messrs Kirton and. Vale had been communicated with in regard tn the threatened removal. Cr Morny said that when he received the wire from the mayor containing the council’s pro tests he had immediately handed it over to Mr Vale, M.L.A., tn see the Minister, The mayor’s report was adopted. An enquiry regarding certain complaints which cropped up at the meeting of the Hospital committee on Wednesday last took place yesterday afternoon. S one particulars will be found in another column. Mr J. N. Dunn, M.L.A., some time since, at the request of the Town Council, moved in the matter of obtaining an estimate of the cost of continuing Grenville street through the railway embankment. An officer was sent up from the department tn make an in spection, and Mr Dunn .has now received the following communication ; Victorian R til ways, Secretary’s office, Spencer street, Melbourne, 14th July, 1892. Sir, —Advert- ting to your enquiries relative to the con tinuation of Grenville street through the railway embankment to the junction of Nolan and Ligar streets, Ballarat, I am de sired by the Acting-Commissioners tn say the cost of the work is estimated at £12,500, and it would be imposssble to undertake it at present, as there are no funds available for the purpose. I have the honor to be, sir, yours very obediently,—R. G. Kent, Secretary. J. N. Dunn, E q., M.L A., Mayor of Ballarat East.” In another column will be found a report of a special committee meeting of the Town Council, held yesterday for the purpose of expressing an opinion regarding the removal ,of the machinery from the repairing sheds at Ballarat West to the loco, sheds at Ballarat 1 ist. A discussion of a somewhat peculiar and irregular nature cropped up yesterday at the meeting of the City Council in reference to a clause in the Mayor’s report referring to : broken promisee by the Government, and in which the name of Mr R. T. Vale, M.L, A., was mentioned. Cr Bell enquired whether Mr Kirton bad been consulted. The mayor replied that Mr Kirton had not been con sulted by him, and would not be. He (the mayor) could get on a great deal better with out Mr Kirton than with him, and while he held the representative position of the city he thought he should not be ' asked such questions. He bad reasons for acting hi be did,' and ho knew exactly what he «u doing. If MrKirton would leave thingsalone, they would-get on a; great deal better. Cr Bell ■aid he did Wt-.queation the right of the mayor to aet 'in this way, bat he had a per*, feotright to disease -the clause. While he gave the mayor credit for honest feeling and sincerity, ha had-no hesitation in saying that, in his own .opinion, this sort of work was the essence of -childishness, flow could they succeed' if they set one member against the other." The ratepayers of Balla rat were prepared to recognise the mayor's work, and to give credit to him. Cr Little —“I rise to a point of order. The mayor has a right to ask whom he likes. It is a matter of his own taste, good, bad, or indifferent,” The mayor said that although he had allowed Cr 801 l to go on, the matter hud nothing whatever to do with the question under con sideration. This was the question of Go vernment promises being broken, and he did not think any other matter should have been imported into it. Cr Bell took exception to the words “ our member, Mr R. T. Vale," and the recommendation that a strong pro test be sent, and that Mr Vale be asked to interest himself. Ho would not discuss it, bat would content himself by saying that while there were two members representing them in the Assembly they were not likely to succeed while they only asked one to in terest himself in anything that was to the advantage or improvement of the city. If be (Cr Bell) consulted his own feelings he would almost be inclined to move an amend ment rejecting the clause altogether. Their strength lay in unity, and unless they were united they must suffer. The matter was finally allowed to drop, and the clause in the report was adopted. The agitation recently raised as to the payment of expenses to those members of Parliament who are members of the Country Fire Brigade Board, has, it is now understood (writes our Melbourne correspondent), led to Messrs Morey, M.L.C., and Barrowes, M.L.A., forwarding their resignations, ns they are not at all desirous of losing their seats in the Legislature, or being subjected to grievous law actions for the recovery of penalties for sitting in Parliament after accepting an office of profit under the Crown. Mr. Burton, M.L.A., still retains his seat at the board, but his position is different to that of Messrs Morey and Bur rowes, inasmuch as he was sitting on the board when elected to Parliament, At the special committee meeting of the Town Council yesterday Mr E. Murphy, M.L.A., remarked that it was a pity any unpleasantness should have arisen between the two local councils over the proposed re moval of the machinery from the repairing sheds at Ballarat West to those at Ballarat East, The diversity of opinion was, in his opinion, unwarranted, but as it did exist he thought that the whole difficulty might be overcome by taking the plant from Ballarat West and establishing works at the junction of the Geelong and the Bacchus Marsh line, near W-irrenheip. There is there, said he, a very large area suitable in every respect for the requirements of the department, which could be had cheaply. The locality, he considered, was one that conld not be excelled, as, in addi tion to the line mentioned, it was also con venient to the main line from the Western district. At the Town Police Court yesterday, be fore Messrs Fitzgerald and Gale JVF., the young man Nicholas Ash, was charged with having on Saturday night, 9th inst., unlaw fully assaulted Mrs Agnes Jensen, wife of a carpenter residing in the Main road. There was also a second charge against the de fendant for using insulting words. Mr Hamilton conducted the prosecution, and Mr Pearson appeared for Ash. Agnes Jensen stated that at about 8.30 on the night men tioned she was in Bridge street in company with her husband, who had subsequently left her conversing with another woman, whilst he purchased a paper,- The defendant came up to her and used bad language. She told him to go away and threatened to give him in charge. Witness and her companion separated as they did not wish to be ac costed by the accused. She walked along the footpath, and the defendant followed her and asked her where was she going to. He said"—“ You threatened to give me in charge, take that then,” at the same time he struck her a severe blow in the face, knock ing out tonr teeth, and cutting her lips. She did not know the accused, and had never seen him previously. To Mr Pearson—An apology .was written out, and his brother called between 9 and 10 o'clock on Monday and handed her some money. To Inspector Hamilton—The man is in court who gave £3 on Monday morning. Thomas Stephens, a resident of Grenville street, gave evidence that he saw the assault committed, and heard screams and also the bad language complained of. He followed the accused and did not lose sight of him until be was arrested. William’ Doney corroborated the evidence of the last witness. Constable Gardiner proved the arrest of the defendant, whose right hand was cut and bore marks of the woman’s teeth. Mrs Jensen, re-called, stated that she had been to a dentist and had the stumps of the broken teeth drawn. John Ash, brother of the defendant, stated that he had called on Mrs Jensen about 9 o’clock last Monday morning, in reference to the affair. He gave Mrs Jensen £3 as compensation for the injuries she received. Mr Fitzgerald, chairman of the bench, said that there were two sections before them to deal with the accused. One was to send him to gaol without Che option of a fine, and the other to fine him. They observed that the brother had done all in bis power to heal the wound. The assault was most uncalled for, unmanly, and cowardly. Only for the remarks of Mr Pearson and theaction of Ash’s brother they were inclined to send him to gaol without the option of "a fine. The accused was then" fined £lO, or in default three months’ imprisonment, with Iss costs. The chairman remarked that he hoped that would be a warning to other young men. The fine was immediately paid. The second charge for using insulting words was with drawn. The executive council of the Amalgamated Miners’ Association of Victoria will meet at the Trades’ Hall, Ballarat, to-morrow, when, amongst other items of business, considera tion will be given to the reports of Messrs A. W; Hunter (president) and W. Williams (vice-president), who recently visited Zee han, Tasmania, for the purpose of enquiriug into the threatened difficulty on the wages question. Mr Justice Holroyd yesterday delivered his reserved judgment in the case of Hall and Cos. against Whittington and Cos. (writes our Melbourne correspondent.) Plaintiffs are the publishers in Melbourne of a trade protection circular, and complained that de fendants in the Federal Traders' Protection Gazette, published at Ballarat, had copied from their paper certain information obtained from the Registrar General’s office us to bills of sale, &o.; His Honor held that it was quite clear that Whittington and Cos. had pilfered the information from plaintiffs' paper instead of paying for it at the Registrar General’s office, and so were enabled to undersell plaintiffs. He there fore granted an injunctiou restraining defen dants from further piracy of the kiud. At the conclusion of the Benevolent Asylum committee last night, Mr M. C. Carey referred in very complimentary terms to the manner in which the president, Mr Scott, had carried out his duties duriug his term of office. The chairman had, he said, conducted the business of the committee hnunrably to himself and creditably to the subscribers. He moved that a special vote of thanks be accorded to Mr Scott for the gentlemanly and business like manner in which he had attended to all matters effect ing the welfare of the institution, Mr R. Q. Dimsey seconded. Mr Gale, in support ing, referred to the improvements that had been carried out during the past 12 mouths. Mr Levitt, vice-president, also supported the motion, which was unanimously carried. Mr Scott suitably acknowledged the com pliment. At the half-yearly meeting of the share holders in the Sulieman Pasha Gold Mining Company, held at the George hotel last night, it was decided to donate the sum of £5 5s to the Ballarat Hospital. . A meeting of the Lydiard street Wesleyan circuit relief committee was held last even ing, in the Wesleyan parsonage. An exami nation of the order books showed that relief h9en ; givpn to 70 families, representing 350 individuals. Th« distribution took the form of firewood, flour, potatoes, bread, scones, butcher’s meat, groceries, boots, and clothing. The Rev. J, Cowperthwaite re ported the following additional donations to the fund:—Mr Rnmler, of Napoleons, in memory of his departed wife, £5; Mr R. Carroll, donated by that gentleman’s infant street Sunday- school, 16s 9d: Mr Kline, 50 loaves of bread; Mr Hancock, beef; Mr Bray, Black Lead, a calf; parcels of clothing from Mrs R. Wilkie, Mr Bray, Mrs Dombey, a Friend; and a parcel of cloth from Ur M. P. Whiteside. Mr W. Cq»d aleo lent a horse and sprlog-drajr for the delivery of -'potatoes. The relief 'committee would gladly accept and distribute further parcels of clothing and boots, for which they have genuine cases of need. Parcels eent to the Lydiard street parsonage will ba duly acknowledged. A special general meeting of the Benevo lent Asylum committee was held at the Board Room, Camp street, last night, when there were present Mr Scott (presiding), and Messrs Lesaells, Lovitt, Contts, Showman, Coltman, Curtis, Carey, Edwards, Phillips, Josephs, Cooke, Mayor Shoppee, and Rev. Father Rogere. A large number of applica tion for relief were dealt with.- The annual report, financial statement, auditors’ report, and atteneano list were received and re ferred to the annual meeting to be held this evening for adoption. A vote of thanks having been accorded the sub-com mittee for drawing up the report, the meet ing closed. Constable Monro yesterday arrested a man named Thomas VVarnell in Windermere street on a charge of obtaining* the earn of £4 3s 6>l from Joseph Rnwsell by means of a valueless cheque. The alleged offender will be brought before the City Coart this morn-, ing to answer the charge. The Ballarat City Rowing Clab committee held their final meeting for the year at Brophy’s hotel last evening. Mr D. Brophy, J.P., life patron, occupied the chair, and Mr W. Bentley, vice-president, the vice chair. There was a full attendance of officers and members of committee, and also repre sentatives of the sister clubs by invitation. After the nsnal routine business had been transacted, the health of the retiring presi dent, Mr W. P. Bechervaise, was proposed, by the chairman and enthusiastically re ceived. A feeling response was made by Mr Bechervaise, who intimated his intention of attending the annual meeting of the club. A number of other toasts were proposed and responded to, and songs' were rendered by several gentlemen present, a very pleasant evening being spent. The Minister of Edonation yesterday (writes our Melbourne correspondent) had a regulation passed at the meeting of the Executive Conned, reducing the aihount of allowances to head teachers of State schools for cleaning and maintenance, by 10 per cent. A. resident of Mnoarthnr street, Soldiers Hill, named John Kerr, met with a nasty accident on Friday evening last by falling off some scaffolding upon which he was working, at a budding in course of erection near B-'slier’s Blue Bell hotel, Wen douroe, Mr Kerr, who follows the occupa tion of acarpeuter, suffers from sciatica in one of his legs, and suddenly on the day mentioned he felt the affected member giving way, and he was about to fall, Hopiug to prevent being precipitated to the ground, he threw his arms around the scaffolding just as the limb spoken of refused to bear the weight of his body, when he fell heavily on to the plank, breaking several of his ribs. The unfortunate man was taken home as speedily as possible, where his injuries were attended to by Or Low. He is now progressing favorably. The fortnightly meeting of the Op“rati»e Bricklayers’ Society was held at the Trades’ Hall last night; the president (Mr C. Hurds fieldjin theoliair. Reports dealing withaeveral matters io connection with die trade were adopted. . The Trades’ Hall delegates re ferred tn the miners’ strike at Broken Hill, and it was resolved that a sum of money be voted on their behalf, and that further assist ance be granted should the strike continue. The chairman expressed a hope that a speedy settlement would be arrived at in accordance with the agreement drawn up by conference of 1890- An Indian hawker, named Liab Mollah, was arrested by Constable M’Kenzie at the Western Railway Station yesterday, on a charge of stealing a quantity of silk handker chiefs and other articles from the dwelling of Whied Box, Fitzroy. He was arrested just as he was taking a seat in a carriage of the 11.30 train from Ballarat to Melbourne. Un being searched at the lock-up a number of letters bearing the name and address of the firm from which the property had been stolen were found. Mollah will face the city magistrates this morning. The correspondence per R. M.S- Arcadia reached the Ballarat Post Office by special train from Adelaide yesterday morning. Messrs Shaw, Pearce, and Talent, J’s.P., presided at the City Police Court yesterday. Two inebriates were discharged and another was fined ss. A young man for making use of obscene language was fined 20'. The ad journed 'maintenance ease, Webb v Webb, was struck out, as the matter had been set tled out of court. Two orders, with 26s crisis in each case, were made against the New Criterion Company for wages due. ■ According to a clause in the Amended Local Government Act the City Council will have tn make new appointments of councillors representing them on public trusts and com mittees. The matter was mentioned at the meeting yesterday afternoon, and referred to the finance committee. It will affect ex- Cr Morrison and ex-Cr Salter. Messrs Fitzgerald and Gale, J’a.P., pre sided at the Town Police Court yesterday. Four- inebriates were discharged, and a number of debt cases were dealt with. The following insolvency schedule was filed yesterday with the chief clerk at Bal larat (Mr Anderson): —Win. Daniel Kerr, of Mount Egertoo, enginedriver. Debts, £ll9 ,18s Id; asset-, £3B; deficiency, £Bl 18s Id. Cause", sickness and death in family. Assignee, Mr B. V-wey. Our local Gymnosium has been most fortunate in securing the services of Mr A. Knight as instructor to the association, Mr Knight was for several years a leading mem ber of the Birmingham Gymnasium, and comes amongst us with first-class credentials from the old country; he has completely mastered all the apparatus connected with a leading Gymnasium. In the art of olub swinging Mr Knight is a thorough exponent, and the members greatly appreciate this branch of the work done during the evening. Under Mr Knight the attendance at the Gymnasium should be greatly increased. Further particulars are contained in our advertising columns. A Revision Court was held yesterday at the Town Police Court, for the Ballarat Eist division of the Wellington Province. Mr R. B. Michell, registrar, produced a supplementary list, which was certified to as being correct. > In recognition of the hospitality shown by the mayor and mayoress of the City, a meet ing will be held at Craig’s hotel on Wednes day next at 5 o’clock, to make arrangements for giving a return ball to them. The splen did success achieved by the mayor in his ball to the citizens has made those interesting themselves' in the matter determined to leave nothing undone tn make the return gathering equally successful. The many friends of Mr Edmund Uren, lately of Dandenong but formerly of Bunin yong, will regret to hoar that he died at the former place yesterday. He was a very old and highly respected resident of Boninyong, and for several years occupied a seat on the Ballarat Mining Board. He was about 65 years of age. His body will be brought to Ballarat to-morrow, by the afternoon train. The many friends of Mr W. Angus, of Soldiers Hill, well known in commercial circles, will regret to learn that he is at present confined to his mom suffering from an affection of the heart. Oo Sunday his medical attendant, Dr Pinnock, held oat little hopes of his recovery, but yesterday his condition had slightly improved. The Hibernian Society’s anniversary ball will be held to-night, at the City Hall. The tickets have gone off well; and it is expected this wilt be as enjoyable a ball as any yet held in connection with the society. Dancing will commence at 8 o’clock sharp. Mr Thos. O'Day is the caterer for the refreshments, and the music will be supplied by Schrader’s band. The annual meetiug of governors and sub scribers to the Benevolent Asylum will be held in the Board room, Camp street, to night. A first-class elocutionary entertainment, organised by Messrs P. C. Murray.and T. J. Pascoe, was given last night at the meeting of the St. Andrew’s L'terary Association. Mr John Murray, J.P., presided, and there was a- good attendance. In addition to the recitals by the two gentlemen who arranged the programme, some fine musical selections were rendered, the following ladies and gen tlemen assisting:—Misses Dailey, L. Mar t*y, and Messrs Palmer, Angwin, ami Holden. 1 A well attended meeting of the Women's Christian Temperance Union was held at the coffee rooms, Bridge street, last night; Mrs Boswarrick presided. An entertain ment in aid of the rooms was announced for Wednesday night, the programme to be pro vided by the Town Mission choir and elocn tion cias«. ■ Encouraging good work being done through the 1, fl tt ‘ oftbe union were given by several 0 * At the close V.f the -neeti„ g \ Co 7, “ . made in aidof the fund for relieving ' , ‘ l distress. s c Mes 0 [ The young men of Ballarat N nr t|. : . forming themselves into a party f„ r t , pose of watching for, and if p . Ba |hl» ing, a foolish and wicked fellow some nights past has amused hinJu i impersonating a ghost and friche - f women and children. ooteninj The usual meeting of the M.I.A; was held last night. Th»"it , the syllabus was a leoturett’e bv Mr'l? » Wollaston on the “Power of Banmf’ with elocutionary illustrations. Ti,j a good attendance of members’ and vil** 1 and all were delighted with the , afforded them. Mr 41‘Kenzie presided" e>t the meeting, ote t At the Town Mission Hall last night n Porter delivered his popular lecture "Tl house we live in,” to a fair attendance \t D Kelly occupied the chair. The lectn" which was of a most interesting chan.* was in aid of- the ST.M.C.A. Mist York street. u i The half-yearly services in cornice'ion *;n, the Bible Christian Church. A ™ t *™ street, was held on Sunday. The nr.».t M * to K,,./c. L.ZS'J Cowperthwaite, 8.A.; and J. Wilson Th services were very enjoyable and w.ro J, attended. To-night the Rev. R r p , lectures on “ The house we live in." ° tf , The usual meetiug of the Ballarat Iron workers’ Association was held on Saturd evening last. The president, U r occupied the chair. A paper on •• Y aist i was read by Mr Louie. The pi p?r w ’„ very instructive one, and caused mnchdii. cussion on the microbe theory. A vote oi thanks to the lecturer concluded the meet ing. The final meeting of Mr T. Farter's r eco 3 . nition committe was held at F-.-rn'i last night when the statement of receipts an J expenditure was adopted. The Wills’ Surprise Party, who open , short season at the Mechanics' Institute to-morrow night, arrived in Melbourne from Tasmania last night. They will coins oo to Ballarat by the Adelaide express, aed hold, “ full dress ” rehearsal. At a special Court of Petty Sessions, held on Monday, at the Police Court, Linton (writes our correspondent), bef*re Messrs Lewers and Shepherd, the supplementary list of voters, Linton division, Nelson P, O . vinoe, was revised and certified to as cor rect,. A branch of the Australian Natives’ A«o elation was opened at Rutherglen on Then day night last by the president of the bond of directors, Mr J. W. Larter, assisted by the general secretary, Mr F. C. Waiuwright. About 40 members were enrolled, and fallj 20 nominations for membership were re ceived by the secretary. This makes Ift) working branches now existing in Victoria and applications are shortly expeot»d from' Davenport (Tasmania), Branxhnlnv>, Sey mour, and Beechworth for charters. The association in Victoria now numb-r about 10.000, and is likely to reach 11,000 before the end of the present year, as many district) not at present represented are moving, »nda large -increase in the number of branches working can be fairly looked forward to, The Melbourne detective police have jot arrested a gang of men who are suspected of having been intimately connected with the recent railway station robberies. Amoogal those arrested is a man named Htnry Bennett, who for several years occupied > prominent position in the Wimmera. He was a justice of the peao“, and at different times held the positions of president of th: Du'imunkleshira Council, president of the Murtoa A. and P. Society, and eimilar posi tions in connection with several other organisations there, A few years since hi had some trouble over a trans-icdon io sheep, and shortly afterwards a warrant an issued for his arrest on a charge of imposing on a well known Ballarat hotel proprietor by means of a valueless cheque. In compliance with numerous requests, Mr Geo. ,H. Scarse has arranged to hold evening classes for the various elimi nations f--r teachers, public service, matri culation and general improvement, for several years past Mr Scares has prepared an average of about 100 pupils annually by correspondence, for the various public elimi nations with unvarying success. At the examinations held last year nearly SO pupils were successful, and copies of testimonial) from grateful students have been printed in pamphlet form. Asa teacher of the higher branches of music, Mr Scarse has special qualifiations, and doubtless many persons desirous of receiving sound instruction in harmony and counterpoint as well a« to voice production will join the classes. Par ticulars are given in our advertising column), Mr A. W. Hunter (president of the A.M.A. in Victoria), who, with the vice president (Mr W. Williams), recently vieited Z.ehan, Tasmania, speaks (says the Grtsicitl Advertiser) in warm terms of praise of the energy and enterprise shown iu building the towns of Ziehan and Dundas, the palatial public buildings doing the people great credit. As places of residence, however, they are uot all that one could wish, the corduroy roads, with almost incessant ram, rendering life fairly disagreeable. Iht visiting delegates were furnished with infor mation which goes to show that in some cases at least a good deal of money has been spent on other than practical work, instance, one company has expended £79 P pr month for two workere—one at£3 per we* * the other at £4 —the balance being made up by the payments to the mining and leg managers, directors, &c.; In another cas the office expenses are said to have reach! £3OO out of a total expenditure of £3oo. is one of the mines, where 70 men were * work, no fewer than 13 had to leave in eigo weeks through “ leading,” and others wet* also affected. The engineers connected with the can struction branch of the railway pervaeire devoting special attention just now ( !a 7 ! Age) to the proposed line from Fleming to Paaooe Vale. They have computed the total earthworks in connection wi line will be about 60,000 yards, most at w" ™ is involved in a deep cutting throes Royal Park. On an average the total-o skilled labor which may be employed on " railway will not exceed 200 men for« p p of three months. Sometimes there wi more than 200 men engaged, but as« many less. The following are the trsffio the railways for the past weekr-r -60., £23,SSI 15s; merchandise, total, £46,216 15s. This is against a t for th* corresponding week of } it. e £48,683 18s lOd, the loss being; carriage of merchandise and ca ‘ jj total for the two J 4 jbr £115,665 15s, as against i£137.660 ■** the corresponding fortnight of las > • A camp of aboriginals from Sy' l "*? been formed on the river near a' J These blacks, th the number of •«, were (according to an Age telegram) PP with free passes to Albury, becau*i. said, their camp at n broken up by the police owing * bauchsry going on in it. , The Customs officials have, it h s | f ascertained the whereabouts « smuggled into Victoria, m" " pro further evidence before commen g sedition. • - c j o [ The increased duties increase >e P (t g Imported beer at the rate of ly P > c ,ie) quart bottle. Oo brandy and «' J the increase is equal to 6d per r P ipi bottle, and on all wines theo will average Sd per reputed quar The Agricultural 'gating ' offi-r the remainder of the bo ' that to £lB5, for an efficient potato-rt g, being the unallotted portion o offered some months ago. • nor Market reports, & c., are published > n College-Work Armstrong street Bible Christm by Ur Porter to-night. Yarrowee Cadge. No 10-Monthly meed 7.30, Masonic Hall, Camp street. ...opens Misses Mathews and Moss' school morrow. . ... c«' lleo!nJ Ballant Gymnastic Assceiaho"; g j,i. classes Monday and Thursday and «nc«‘ Christ Church Young Men’s O, locl l dm in Christ Church Hall, to-mght. S, f At St. John’s Library Union He lectures on “Photography, committee meet at 7.30. ndlarat Em 1 Wellington Province elects. S ri v “ Bt -Mr E. Steinfeld’s fr > ends r f h " r d . r J P B«WJ stre v. Wednesday night, S. Free tibrary, £ Local Presbyterian Fellowship istic services to-mght, at street, . o»i*f. ~n Mr Arthur Millar anno,incos to . n ,;t , Hibernian ball, he wi e l ' 6 "° it DS the that next week be will be tlicts. 