Current Nrivs. Why sutler from Neuralgia? It is a fact boyond dispu*o, and ono of great cousolat ion to the afflicted, th..t Doylo's Neuralgia Powdors are iustautuneoua in relief and cure in all nnuralgic cases. Send to the Dispensary, Goorgo-street. Mb W. G. Uladou, who knows a fowl when ho sees ono, was extremely annoyed on Mon day morning to find that somo fancier had called during tho night and selected a dozen of his host birds. The only satisfaction that Mr. Bladon has is that the thief was a fair judgo of poultry and, instciul of robbing roosts might oarn uu honest penny bj hiring himself out as a judgo at tho various poultry shows. On Tuesday morning about 2 o'clock, as the jury, reporters, police, etc., were winding thoir way from tho lato inquest, thoy camo across a young man, whoso mniio did not transpire, weltering iu a po)l of blood on tho foutpath in front of the Corporation litiths. While in a stato of intoxication he had fallen down, his hoad striking the edgo of tho korbing with great force, and (hero was it fearful gush on tho right sido of iho head. Ho was at once removed to tho Purramatta District Hospital, when Dr. Garrelt, who was with the company, dressed his wounds. Ho was taken away bj his friends shortly after wards. O.ve of tho inmates writes : —'A ray of sun shine aud a hour of comfort anil cheerfulness was provided for tho old people in tho Cottage Hoines on Saturday afternoon lust, to cheer up their lonely ani quiet lifo, by Mr.l Afred ISongers, of ths town, in delivering a lecture on 'General Gordon.' Mr. II. S. Bowden occupied the chair. Tho lecturer with great force and ability pointed out tho grand and noblo character of ouo of England's greatest heroos. During an intermission, Kev. Mr. Eieldiug recited 'The Charge of tho Light Brigado.' A hearty vote of thanks by acclamation was accorded to the lecturer and the Rev. Fielding, and suitably respondod to. Jilt. Hugh Taylor, M.P., has received the following communication :~-Polico Depart ment, Inspector General's Ollico, Sydney, 22nd August 1S02. Sir,— With refeicnco to your lotter of the 12th instant, 1 beg to inf rm you that 1 consider the request for additional police protect! iun for May's Hill and Harris Park roasonable, ar:d hope to be able to mako arrangements to comply therewith immedia tely. — I lmvo, etc., Ejoiivu FosHKur, Inspector Otoncrol Of Police. Tun pupils attonding Miss Clarke's school forwarded to the Parramattu District Hospital ln».t week a boaulidilly illuminated bed screen, for which tho Matron desires to lender her thanks. - .... .. Sin. Arthur Massoy desires to thank tho ladies and gentleiion who kindly assisted him in the lato production of tho 'Haymakers' cantata. Tho uotl results were £21. Another case of tho faithfulness of the Collio dog : Last week, on a wet and dreary day. a very absent-minded man attended Overton's wcc'.dy sale. He di ovo his horse, attached to a spring cart, into iho yard, remembered that it was cold and wet, arid consequently himself sought tho friendly sholter oi the produce shc3. His faithful Collio Cog lemained with tho horse. A I the conclusion of iho sale ihe farmer went wo know not where, but he left his horse behind, and there it stood all night in the pitiless rain, its canine friend standing s;ntry. ixcxx morning, puunc attention was called to (ho matter, and several attempts were made to approach the horse, but the dog resented any interference and showed his ivory in a manner that meant business if anybody dared lo interfere. Then Stan. Fergus™ apponicl on tho scene and at once acted in '? a most sagaenus manner.' Ho first ordered ono of the spectators to bring, fetch or carry to him a dipper of corn, which was forthcoming in a few seconds. Armed wilh this charm, he fearlessly approached the horse and released it, while the dog joyfully wagged its tail and in the fullness of its heart licked all traces of Eairweathor's Jbl-icking off his boots. Now, let us suggest that, if tho owner does not pre sent his fnithful dog with a silver dollar, su:tably inscribed, he be proceeded against and asked to explain. Such neglect might prob ably cost him more than the price of a silver collar. Fowl stoalers are still on the warpath in Parramatta. Whilo the ever-vigilant police man is watching the pubs, but securing no convictions, tho onterprising night prowler is having a good time wilh tLo hen roosts. Last Sunday night they relievod Mr. W. G. Bladon, of tho Western Road, of a dozen or so pure- bred fowls of considerable vulue, and also took possession of seventeen birds roosting at Mrs. Bowman's on May's Hill. A BATiiisit strange case of poisoning occurred ot Dundas last week, whereby Mr. Edward Ryan lost a hors11. Mr, Ryan pur chased a box-of 'hough, on Rals' for the purpose of poisoning rats. He used a portion of tho poison for the required use and then placed the remainder of tho packet in a ' safe corner' somewhere in the stable over the manger. A day or so afterwards tho horse was taken ill ai;d appeared to be suffering 'icutoly. The. empty packet was .found on the floor of tbe stable, and traces of the powder were found on the manger and in the feed. Tho horse was brought into Purramatta, when Mr. Aaher Hart was consulted, and rjcom mcuded that it be placed under the care of Mr. Robinson, veterinary surgeon. This was done, but the horse succumbed lo tho eflects of tho poison. On Thursday afternoon a boy named George Rutherford, aged 11, was admitted to tho Parramatta Distiict Hospital, suffering from a dislocated anclo. He was gathering ferns at Moxham's quarry, near Baulkham Hills, and fell over a olifli. Ho was at the time accom panied by Mr. Sydney Chishulm. Mr. Curry lent a horse and Mr. Martin a cart, and a stretcher wits provided aud tho lad convoyed to tho hospital. Tiik Granvillo Labour Electoral Lcago huvo sent along £8 2s 6d towards tho Broken Hill miners. Wo havo a shrewd suspicion that tho League have still somo accounts outstanding sinco the last parliamentary election in the county. Even labourers, as well as bloated capitalists, should Itarn to bo just boforo they aro generous. ?Mu. James Bergan's tender has been accepted for the supply of 7)000 yards gray woollen. Tim second match of the season between the King's Schoo and tho Sydney Grammar School took place ou tho University ground on Wednesday, resulting in a win for tho King's School by 21 points to 1. Mr. Paraish acted efficiently us umpire. This match is tbe first in which the King's School iirst team bii3 been scared against by any school this season, their total sco-o being 127 points lo '1. At tho Pitt-street Congregational Church on Tuesday evening Mi6S Emma Ardill, who left for Ratatouga on Thursday, was solemnly dedicated to tho work of God in the foreign field. Tho gathering, which was under tho auspices of the London Missionary Society, was a largo aud interesting one. Miss Ardill, who carries the best wishes of a largo number of Parramatta friends, gave an address during tho evening. Mb, J. W. E. Baillie has been appointed inspector of the Miftagong district, under the Department of Public Instruction, vico Mr. Murray retired. Mr, Baillie had been exactly 20 years in tho service last Saturday, tho day on which he recoiveel his appointment. The last 11 years of the timo ho has spent as prin cipal of tho Superijr Public School, Parramatta South. ' Following tenders have been accepted : — Supplies, Benevolent Asylum, Newington, meat (section 1) iov seven calendar months from 1st prox., John Mahoney ; supplies, Bonvoleut Asylum, George-street, Parrumatta, meat (section 1), for seven calendar months from 1st prux., John Mahoney ; telegraph messengers and lotter-catriers bags, A. E. Marsdcn, Church street, Parramatta ; Waddoll and Mur ray, erection of airing shed, branoh Hospital for Insane, Purramalta, Says the ' Wiudsor Gazzette ' : — ' Inspec tor La-tinier (Parramatta) reprimanded a con stable for not arresting, instead of summon ing, an infuriated man who brandished an axe when the constable went to intorviow him at his house. It is very easy to give orders.' Tiik Rev. John Watsford, un old Parramatta uativo, who wont to King's School with Mr. Hugh Taylor, M.P., aud other anciont local colebrities, was with us ou Thursday, and after visiting old familiar scones of his boy hood in the town and hunting up old acquain tances, tho venerable gentleman preached in Wosloyau Chutch, Macquuric-streot, in tho evening. Tho Church was crowded, members of pll denominations going to hear tho well known voice, or to listen to ono whose name, handed down on the local history of time, was us familiar us household words, even though many present had notsceu tho 'old putriuch.' Mr. Watsford based his remarks on tho re ceiving -of the Holy Ghost and the promiso of God to all who wished to be filled with the holy spirit. Tho address was simple, eloquent, heart-touching. Tho beautiful illustrations with which it was interspersed, especially the preacher's personal oxporioneos of tho power of prayer to savo a prodigal son, were over powering to very many present, thero boing crident signs of emotion throughout the largo congregation. ' 1 have been preaching over 00 years,' said tho preacher, ' but 1 havo never known the hungering and thirsting after holiness that is now going on throughout tho jeugth aud breadth of tho land.' An interest ing reference was made to a great revival which Mr- Wutsford witnessed iu the old Macquaric- street chapel over fifty years ago, when one, an ox-presidont of tho Victorian Conference was converted, aud ' where I, too, was,' said tho preacher, 'though earlier.' Powerful appeals wore mudo to parents not to stand in tho way of their children's conversion by inconsistent lives or lukewarmuess. ' Next to the curso of God,' he said, ' I think is tho curio of a lost child to u parent.' 'Iho servico whs concluded with a most impressive prayer mooting. Tin-; members for Central Cumberland lmvo received a communication from tho Lands De partment with reference to the interview of tho lo'th inst., urging that csrtain sums of money might bo placadon tho estimates for next year for the acquisition of parks for Gmnvillo, Rookwood, Auburn, Fairfield and Ermington. The letter states that the reserve for public recreation at llookwood of Ion. lr. :!0p. would be dedicatee! when Parliament met, after which trustees could bo appoinicd, uud that the pio po-i-ls fur parks at the other plucss mentioned would be considered wheu the estimates for next year were under consideration. Tiik protest lodged by tho Parramutta F.C. against a tr}' e-btiined by Wallaroo iu their bulge match lust Saturday has been disallowed. This practically onds tho 1S92 season of iho Parramatta club'. Tub 'boys' of tho Parramalta Rowing Club certainly deserve every success with theii ontertf inment to como ofE on September 7, in aid of the club funds, for they are working earnestly and doing everything to mako the affair attractive. An excellont programme has been arranged, particulars of which will bo published next issue. An' Ermington correspondent, writing over thd nont ih ' plume of ' Fair Flay,' complains of ' tho very bad account' of the Ermington school concert published in our last issue. Ho thinks thero was no occasion for any ' ' bitter ness' in reporting the concert, which he says was ono of tho bf st-attonded ever seen in the district. We regret lhat our esteemed young Castle Hill fiie- nd, Mr. Leelie Banks, has been con fined to his bed for some weeks with a, serious lung complication. His progress is not so steady as his friends wish, but we hope soon to hear of his complete recovery. Mit. Baker has l-cen doing good busness iu tho town fixing .up the various rosidences with burglar-proof door and window fasteners. Somo of the contrivances aro vcrv iocenious. Mr. E. Gould had his windows fixed up. The burglar oime aloog and br ke the glass to get at the window catch; but the contrivance puzzled him and ho loft. The adjourned general' in' oting of tho Guildford Independent Cricket Club was hold on Tuesday at tho Hall, Guildford, Mr. J. Klicn in the chair. The following gentlemen were elected for the comins season : — Patron, Mr. Sydney Bardekin, M L.A. ; President, Mr. Arnold Walker ; Vice-Presidents, Messrs. J. Nobbs, J. Garrard, F. Farnell and D. Dale, Ms.L.A., J. Klicn. Home, T. O'Neill, Sullivan aud A. Neieh ; selection committee, E; Sampson, R. Kroilas and W. Wilkins ; auditors, E. Sampson and L. Thomas ; hon. secretary, R. J. Collins; hon. treasurer and assistant secretary, W. H. Wilkins. Mb. John Nobbs, M.P , has received the following communication ; — ' Public Works Department, Sydney, 23rd August. 1S92. Sir, — With referonce to your letter of ihe 23rd June last, drawing attention to the state of the road leading to the Carlingford railway station, -on the west side, I am directed by the Secretary for Public Works io inform you that the 'De- partment of Lands has bsen recjuested to havo the necessary steps taken for the formal' open ing ot this road, which it is reported passes through Crown lands. — I have, etc., J, Baeijncj, Under-Seeretary.' Wi'at a pity and loss it is that tho cultiva tion of our native flowers is not given more attention. We are glad to notice that Mr. C. .J. Moore, of Castle Hill, has y,m out a bed of tome of our prettiest native flora, which aro thriving wonderfully. He has a beautiful plant of native rose, which almost puts any thing iu the shade when in full flower. With reference to our suggestion that, in the event of tho Friendly Societies receiving a grant of money in lieu of a pieco of land for a medical hall, they should consider the question of relieving the present proprietors of the old friendly societies' hall, wo are given to under stand that tho property would bo sold at a great loss, as it was takou over above tho market value to save further loss to the societies. Some eousiderablo discussion has taken place in the town its to how far the cheeso which the Hillier children ato previous to thoir death had to do with tho causo of death. This week a family in Parramatta, some hours after par taking of bread and chcose, were seized with violent abdominal pains, aud they cannot ascribe the attacK to anything elso, as they had eaten nothing which would bo at all likely to pividue? such symptoms. Tun gentlemen who aro taking an active part in tho operetta 'Trial by Jury' are formulating an idea to start a comic ofoia society with the intention of producing some of Gilbert and Sullivan's popular comic operas. We believe tho town would give them overy support and encouragement. Tub adjourned certificate application of Cyrus Edgar Fullor was set down to como boforc Mr. Justice Manning on Wednesday last, but was again put oil' indefinitely. When the case was last on a report from the official assignee containing somo serious charges was presented to the court, and at the suggestion of his Honor was not published in order to givo bankrupt an opportunity to answer the charges . Tiieue will bo special music at St. John's Church, Parramatta, to-morroiv (Sunday) evening. During tho ofietory ' O Rest in the Lord' will be surg. The buildings in Pennant-street, Parra matta, recently used in connection with St. Jostph's consumptive hospital, are undergoing; repairs to fit them for a use as a convent of the Sisters of Mercy. They will be bleasod and oponod on Sunday, Occtobor !), and a special sermon in connection with tho event will be preached by the Rev. Dr. O'Brien, rector of St. John's College, at -11 o'clock mass at St. Patrick's, Special music will be rendered, and tho now organ will be used for tho first time. The marriugo of Mr. Dunbar, of Parramatta North, and Miss C. Harvliusou, daughier of Mr. C. Kawlinson, of tho Commercial Ho'el, Parramatta, was colobrated by Archdeacon' Gunther in St. John's Church, Parramatta, on Monday afternoon. The brido wore a stylish dress of wisteria cashmere, with gold brocade, and hat to match. The bridosmaids woro sistprs of tho brido. Miss fiawlinscn woro a dress of now heliotrope silk with gold brocade, and Bliss R. Rawliuson cream cashmere. About forty guests attended tho breakfast. The services to-morrow at t.t. Andrew's will bo concluded by the Kev. E. AVaugh, M.A.. who will preach morning aud evoninir,. Mr. Waugh will also take tho usual monthly servico in the Dundas Town Hall at 3 p.m, Mk. Hugh Taylor, M.P., has received the following communication.' — Pub'io Works Department, Sydney, August 20, 1S02. Sir, — With referonce to your representation in regard to tho widening of Lonuox Bridge, 'Purramatta, I urn directed by the Secretary for Public Works to inform you that this bridge is, it is considered, quite wide enough for tho present requirements of traffic, and the cost, of cantilevers, which is estimated at £1,000, would, therefore, not be justified. I have, etc., J. Baulinu, Undor-Secietary. Mb. Hugh Taylor, M.P., received from Mr. Moore, tho Director of tho Botanic Gardens, ?10 troos and -10 shrubs, for plan' ing in the now reservo at the Park and St. Johu'sPark. They woro planted during the week. A house attached to a cart belonging to Mr. Wilkinson bolted in Chuch-stroet, Parramatta, on Monday morning and ran into u milk cart, and was then stopped beforo ho could do any more mischief. The Railway Commissioners, iu reply to re presentations made by Mr. David D«!e, M.P., stated yesterday that they had tletermineel that all tho ordinary traius botwoou Sydney and Campbelltown should stop at ouoh inter mediate station between Granvillo and Liver pool, anil run through from Granvillo to Sydtitw w'thout stopping, ami the samo from Sydnoy to Granville. They had also decided on resuming tho lato up train from Livorpool to start for Syduey at 10.15. As llierc was no target obtainable for E. Co. 1st Regiment un Saturday, lath August, tho Iirst club day's rifle shooting will bo hold to-day, when it is hoped the members will all turn up. The other two days will bo Septem ber lUth and 21th. At thu Pan amatta Police Court yesterday, before Mr. .V. M. Edwards, P.M., and Messrs. H. Byrnes and Ii. Harper, J.P., Lucy Chew, lucked up for protection, was discharged. William Williams was charged with stealing a purse cemtaining between .C8 and .£'J, and a cheque for XI 10i Od, the property of T. Maohio. He pleaded guilty and was sentenced to three months' imprisonment iu Parramatta gaol. Dofendimt was also charged with forg ing iho endorsement to tho cheque aud was re. mutulccl. Mn. John Nobbs, M.P., is corresponding with the Railway Commissioners with a view to having tho Grauvillo and Clyde railway stations lighted with electricity. We hear that St. Patrick's people ato look ing round for further additions to thoir proper ties in the vicinity of thi church, that is, to acquire a piece of land on wtiich to build a guild hall, for scholastic purposes and to ho usod generally in connection with St. Patrick's social events. St. John's Church, Parramatta, was crowded on Wednesday afternoon, to witness the cele bration of marriage between Iho Rev. H. Tatc, for many years curato of tho church, now incumbont of Kangaroo Valley parish, and Miss Amy Harper, second daughter of Mr. Richard Harper, J.P., of ' Sunnysido,' May's Hill. Thoro was scarcely standing room in the edifice, unfortunately many dis orderly peoplo and rude children pushing their way in. Tho Ven. Archdeacon Gunther, assisted by an o'el friend of the happy twain, the Rev. G. D'Arcy Irvine, celebrated the mariago servico, and Mr. Arthur Masscy and members of St. John's choir aided in the musical portion. Tho brido woro electric grey cashmoro, with bonnet to match. Thero were two bridesmaids, Miss Minnie Harper in whiio delaine, and Miss Tuto in white Jupancso silk, with gigot sleeves. The bridegroom's brother acted as best man. After tho ceremony tho happy couple drove to ' Sunnysido,' tho resi dence of tho bride's parents, and members of both families sat down to tho breakfast. Mr. Ta'e's father and mother and somo ten brothers and sisters were present. Later on Mr. and Mrs. Tate lelt for Saudringham, where thoy will spend two or three days, and lifter another fow days at the old home on May's Hill will leave for their future sphere of life at Kangaroo Valley on Tuesday. Mr. and Mrs. Tato carry with them the- best wishes of a large number of friends in these parts, and old St. John's will lose a valuable worker in the happy bride. It is interesting to mention that the bride's patents were married in St. John's, and the marriage of tho mother's parents was also celebrated in the ancient pile. The wed ding presents were numerous and costly. A service of song entitled 'Primrose Garth,' was given in tho Parramatta Baptist Church on Wednesday evening. ThoRev. Mr. Sfcrauglion presided. Mr. J. Arundel gavo tho connective readings, and the mui-ic was beautifully given by the choir, under the leadership of Mr. L. J. Brown. Me. Hugh Taylor iutroduced a deputation to tho Under Secretary for Lands (in tho absence of the Minister) yesterday, and presrnied a petition, signed by the residents residing on the Pennmt Hills quarry, praying that, after residing on the small lots for 35 years and working on the quarry, they mav be allowed to purchase tho same. Tho Under-Seorotary informed thorn that he would lay it before tho Minister, and inform Mr. Taylor of his decibion, A siEETixa of tho couucil of iho Ceutrol Cumberland A. and H. A.ssocUtiou was hold on Monday evening, Mr. T. W. Pollock in tho chair. Correspondence was received from Mr. Garrard, M.P., stating in answer to a letter from the secretary re the reported action of the King's School council with roferenoo to the show ground, that he did not think the asso ciation need have any cause for alarm. Mr. Nobbs, M.P , writing on the same subject, wanted to know how the association desired him to act. Tho schedule was then further considered, and the fruit, vegetable and horti cultural sections were gone through and amen ded. ^_^ ? ^^^ 