H9W-SHALL WE DECIDE QUESTION ?" THIS Now, which is the worse—to have no ap\ictito for your dinner, or to have no dinner for your appotitc/ There are lots of pooplo on the one side or the ! other of this question. When " good digestion waits on appetite and health on both." that in the ideal attitude of a person towards Iviia meals. lUit most of us are not blo&ed-in; that'way ; wc either havo too much food without an appetite, or a vigorous appetite without enough to satisfy it. Different folk will answer this question differently, yet the eonlmon sense of it is that, within reasonable limits, it is better to have an iippetite without a dinner, because, short of the starvation line, a hungry man is a healthy mau ; whereas a man who ought ; to eat and doesn't feel like eating, stands in neeU of "alterations tuid repairs," : illustrate. We recently received a communication in which the writer says, 1 was afraid to eat." I >id he fancy his food was poisoned, or did his nature rebel against thei nourishment he lived on ? If the latter, why ? Let him •clear the mystery himself. He says, " In the year 1889 1 changed my work fram railway porter to signalman. 1 had been signalman twelve months, and then all at once, so to speak, 1 did not feel myself. My mouth tasted bad, so that ordinary articles of diet seeftied to lose their llavour; the palate to put it in that way, appeared to have nothing to say to them; One thing was like another, aud nono was good. My tongue wad coated and furred, with a dark line down the'middle and yellow fur round it. My breath was offensive and my appetite poor, with pains through the chest and shoulders, which were always right before 1 had eaten anything. Then 1 was greatly troubled with wind. It would gathev so it felt like a ball in myihroat, and act as if it would choke me." Wecannot wonder that under these circumstances our friend failed to do justice tolas meals. lie adds that there was what he calls a*" pricking sensation" at his heart, as though it were touched with some sharp instrument. Then, again, at times he was attacked with spasms, the agony of which was so severe that the isweat .rolled .off him. " 1 dreaded,' he says, the thought of eating, and many a scanty meal have 1 made, for i was afraid to eat." "After a time I got into a low, weak, nervous condition, and felt miserable, as if some- thing. was going to happen, and this caused mc to lose a good deal of sleep." What he means by the fear of something going to happen " is, of course, the fear of some calamity, such as the loss of his position, his own death, or the death of somebody dear to him. This was due, as he intimates, to the impoverished state of his blood (the life bearer), his unstrung nerves, and to the brain enfeebled by lack of nourishment. The night of this form, of illness is always full of ghosts and goblins, the creatures of a restless and ungoverued imagination. " With great difficulty," he says, " I stuck to my Work' for I had a wife and family depending Oh me. So I struggled on, but what 1 suffered for over two years is past my powers of description. I am sure no one has suffered so much as I have done." in the latter statemeut he is undoubtedly wrong. One's own pain is one's own, and is always harder to bear than is one's notion of his neighbor s pain. There is a countless multitude who,'are all the while going through the same wretched experience,' only we dont happen to come in touch with them. Well, the writer finally mentions that after all medical treatment had left him where it found him he chanced to ;read in a book of a case exactly like his own having - been cured by Mother Seigel's Syrup. " My wife," he says, "got hie a bottle at Mr. Langstalf's, in Woodtesfbrd, and after using its contents the ailment left me and has never returned since that fortunate day. I should like the whole world to know what it did for me. 1 have been employed by the Midland Railway Company l'6r eleven years. (Signed) (I ROUGE HUNT, ' Carr Bottom Road, "Apperley Bridge, near Leeds." We publish this by Mr. Hunt's desire, in order that part of the' world at least may know hqw thankful he is ami for what reason. 