HYPNOTISM AND I . HUMBUG. v In 1837 tho French Academy appointed a commission to examine the marvels of blindfold subjects who had been submitted';','; to what was called animal magnetism. All tlieir pretensions were dissipated ; there was uciwiw nmgiiciiaiii iiui uu) jiuwcr ui bqcuuu "- sight. This report was disputed. Dr. /( Burdin then offered » prize of 31)00 francs to -n| nny person, somnambulist or otherwise, who , would read without the use of his eyes. Six candidates from different parts of Franco «£ presented themselves, for animal magnetism . .! and somnambulism wero then epidemio : , (writes Dr. Ernest Hart in tho N IKE- : | tekstii Ckntuky). A now commission was appointed, new failures occurred. ; i Trials went on until October, 1S40, when, ab J the close of a series of ignominious failures, in which the tricks of each pretender in i -I succession were unmasked, the Academy ' - decided that it would no longer respond -gi to any communications relative to this imposture and folly, miscalled -i ;; j animal magnetism and clairvoyance. Tho same thing occurred with Sir jumes Simp- '| son, who 20 years afterwards, when similar - pretences were rife iu tho United Kingdom, . , j and somnambulists and clairvoyants and thought-readers were taking thcBtnge again, ;'-j; offered to present a £500 note, which he had locked in u box and placed in a bank, to / ' anyone who could read, the number as it lay ( in the box. The noto was never claimed. - , Mr. Labouohere's similar experiment with ; the so-called thought-reader Bishop is of . - quite recent date, but was performed under , .1 much less rigid circumstances, and by a per- son whose pretensions, although thoy oxcited . a groat deal of attention, wero more than (' usually absurd. . Finally, let me refer to an aspect of tho ' influence of suggest ion which, as a possible . social' danger, has engaged the attention of lawyers and physicians— the influence of de- ; ; fcrred suggestion. It has boon shown that ' not only will a hypnotic subject perform unconsciously, under the influenco of sug gestion, acts which are dangerous to him- self and others, nnd which arc iu themselves criminal — so that ho can be made to thieve, to commit arson, or to attempt violence— but that certain subjects can, there is reason \ to belicvo, be made to receive a suggestion having in it a timo- clomunt. Ho can bo . , told, " On this day week, at u given time, you will return to the hypnotic state, you will go to a given plaeo, you will Btcnl such and such property, or you will attack auoh and such a person, and you will not re- member who gave you tno direction." Theso are extreme cases, and thin is a surprising nnd dangerous development of tho influence of suggestion on thu trained and practised hypnotic— that- ia to say, on the person who has habitually surrendered his will and made himself the creature of another. So complex is tho Drain as an organ of mind, that tvo cannot attempt to fully explain tho mechanism of this opuratiou ; but thore are 'faclB within our ordinary knowledge whioh givo some cluo even to this. There is u time-clement in all ncrva actions nnd tho operations of thu brain. Ib is a very common thing for a person who puts himself to sleep at night to say to liimsclf, "Iwillwako at 0 o'clock to-mor row morning, for I havo to catch n train." That is a familiar example of a deferred suggestion operating at a moment indicated several hours before. In abnormal con ditions of thu nervous system,, a Hhaking lit of ugue will return at tho samo hour every third day or every fourth day. Tho sensation of hunger is periodic accord ing to the habit of the hour of eat ing. This periodic chronometric and involuntary operation of the nervous system is imported into hypnotism. 1'hero are other mora compiicatcd cxuinpics of time-clement in the active and passivo functions oi tho brain. There are the two or thrco well-observud and thoroughly au thenticated instances in which persons havo been found to livo two different lives, with different mental characters, different capa cities, at regular intervals in the course of the year, knowing nothing and remembering nothing during tho one period of what they were thinking of doing in the other. Which of theso Bhould be considered the normal state of -brain "circulation, and which tho abnormal or hypnotic, it would bu difficult to determine, but to re call these facts suffices to indicato tlmt tho introduction of the tiinc-elomeno in deferred suggestion has nothing of tho supernatural, implies no conferring on tho individual of new powers, and is only tho introduction into advanced aud highly developed stages of hypnotism of a func tional uction whieh is more or less natural with all brains. The only other example to which I need refer of the uttctnpt to import into the subjective phenomena which I havo described the clement of tho supernatural and tho discovery of an unknown force, is that of the so-culled spiritualists and tho telcpathists. This fs only a revival under a now form of the old follies ond deceptions — often sclf-docoptions, and still more often impostures— which surrounded tlio earlior introductions of the errors of tlio magnotisers, tho spiritualists, and tbo mesmerists of tho middle ages. Tho second-sight and clairvoyanco of the witches und the demoniacs, of the mystics and tho mesnicrists, having been exposed ami dis credited, tho same thing is still from timo to timo revived under now names moro suited to a generation which has gob rid of ? umio wi wuhuuuw ul iiju £jaaif. j.u1c- pathy sounds better to modern ears than mesmeric trance or clairvoyanco ; it has no more substantial foundation. It is an attempt to discover whether it'is possible to see without eyes, to hear without ears, to receive or convey' impressions with out tho aid of tho special senses. Tho spirit-rappers, the Davenports, the Bishops, and thonght- readers, the animal maguctisurs, have dropped into darkness, and are buried in tho mud. Telepathy is a Billy atfempt to revive in a psoudo-seicntifie form such as solf-dcccption of this kind has always assumed, but in a very feoblefortn, and with very futile and inan'o results, tho failures and impostures of tho past. Happily it ia confined to a few, and thnso, I am ashamed to say, chiefly in this country. It has a feeblo and lingering existence, and is un doubtedly destined to die iminuturcly. To concludo, tiien, theso delusions, this miraclo-mongoring, theso disordorcd visions and hysteric hallucinations, this exploita tion of tho lovo of tho mysterious, theso pscudo-ntagnotic attractions, theso shani scientific Heatings in tho air or fixations of the body, thoso though t-rcadings und fore- tollings, theso vain pronouncements concern ing tinseon worlds and invisible pianos of being, theso piny things on the fours, the hopes, the feeble senses, tho eager imaginations, and tho ill-balanced reason of the masses, are as old as, nay, apparently older than, history. Sometimes in this, as in other things, wo are tempted to ask, "Does tlio world tnako any progress, or aro wo still moving on tho samo planes und in the saino grooves of ignorance and super stition, knavery, foiiy and solf-dcccption ?" I think tno may find comfort, however, in the historical review. It is truo tlmt wo have still with its tho spiritists, tho stugo hypnotists, tho living magnets, tho Muhat- mus, tho belated psychical researchers und tho ghost seers. But they arc only tho stunted tomuantB, the vestigial aud atro phied traces indicating the latter stages of ages of development, in which wo have out grown tho period when sueli follies unci falla cies woro tho most universal heritage of mankind ; when they led to burnings, drownings, torture and wholesale misery ; when tho cataleptics and hypnotics wero counted by thousands at a time, mid some times by hundreds of thousands ; w hen imposture was widespread ami high- placed; when philosophers were tho dupes of their own self-deception ; and when tho mischiefs of hypnotic suguostioii wero cxtcudcd over lnrgo districts and sapped tho reason and ruined tho lives of thousands. There are still performances and still publi cations which in their follies and their capa cities for mischief rival some of thoso of tlio darkest periods of ignornnco and supersti tion, but they are now curiosities and eccen tricities, and provoke laughter and amuse ment where formerly they would have led to insanity and persecution. 