THE REVISED NEW TESTAMENT. : (To the Editor of The Church of England Messenger.) Dear Sir — The spirit of the age in which we. are living is one of. restlessness and innovation in spiritual matters, and the meddlesome' action prompted by that spirit reaches its very ne plus ultra in its. interference with the long-established and universally accredited authorised version of the Holy Scriptures. Our Bible may well indeed be called the ' authorised version,' not only as being the result of a pious desire and effort of a whole Christian nation to secure the most faithful and reliable translation possible of- the- books of the Old and New Testaments, but also in having been formally approved, accredited, and accepted by the highest ecclesiastical and regal powers of the British realm — in King, Bishops, Lords, and Commons. And inasmuch as it has pleased Almighty God to allow, for centuries, His great Name to be attached to the book in its entirety, in proclaiming it to the whole world, through the Bible Society and missionary agency, as being the written Word op God, who will now venture to say that the authorised version of the sacred Scriptures is not also a Divinely accredited book? Consequently the very antiquity of the book and every passing year intensifies its sacred character ; and no authority less august than that which delivered the sacred volume to the nation can venture, without presumption, to suggest the slightest alteration of its contents; for the Bible occupies in this ' dispensation of the Spirit' a position analogous to that of the Ark of the Covenant in the Jewish economy. The exact words in the different sentences of the Oracles of God are imprinted on our minds from our childhood, and we are told by the apostle that those words were not dictated by the wisdom of man, but Dy the Holy Ghost; there is therefore most decidedly a special and deep sacredness in the very Form of the wording of the Bible; in fact, the form, or peculiar order, in which the words are placed is as much the offspring of Divine -inspiration as are the words themselves ; and well may the Apostle direct us to ' Hold, fast the fobm of sound words,' which can only be done by retaining the form first delivered to us. Different opinions exist with resp'ect to the so-called 'Eevised New Testament.' Speaking for himself, the writer very much disrelished the. first announcement he heard of a revision being made, as it seemed to him to be so thoroughly gratuitous and uncalled for. When the first shipment of the book arrived, and a friend, with kind intention, sent him a copy with the information that it contained more than a hundred emendations, the writer was so shocked that he felt constrained to send back the book without opening the packet, and from that day to this he has never allowed a copy of it to come into his house, his objection being, to say the least, that a revision was totally unnecessary, and undertaken without competent authority. To the view of the writer, the course of that man who bestows himself to a deep study of the Hebrew antl Greek languages, or to ' the discovery of unheard of- manuscripts, with a view of\\- construct-.- ' ing a new version of either the Old or New Testament, is on a pursuit equally unholy and vain. Analogous to that is the conduct of a man, whose hobby having been to collect and save articles of pure gold, eventually melts them into pieces of the size and weight of sovereigns,. and proffers them for circulation on the ground that they are of 24-carat gold, while the sovereigns are only 22-carat. He pleases thoughtless people with the purity of the piece, while his disloyalty to the Crown is as great ;as if the piece were. of gilded brass! Its defect is momentous, being unauthorised, lacking the reigning monarch's image and superscription. So it may be seen that the Revised New Testament is utterly destitute pi legality when placed in juxtaposition with the Authorised : Yersion : having the reigning monarch's sanction and seal, as testified to when Her MajeBty the Queen lately sent out to this colony a large supply of the authorised version of the New Testament for the instruction of the children of the rising generation. ' Hold fast the Form of sound words.' Every sentence in our New Testament being inspired, is a form of sound words; let us therefore hold them fast, in obedience to the injunction of the apostle. — I am, dear Sir, yours faithfully, November 5th, 1892. C. J. Peer*. 