A GARRISON ROMANCE. Br MRS. LEIT1I Al>,\\.\M (Mus. LAFH-AX). Author of "Louis Driycott.'' "Geuffrey Stirling," '"Aunt Hupsyo Foundling," CQAl'TKli, VIII. The swift curtaiu of thu dusk had fallen across the sea like a grey veil, stjdded with stars. Thewoon, with soft and silvery light, had peered through the grey aud rode high in the heaven. innlcicg night fairer than the fairt-:; <:.•;.-. the plash of oara was heard owe mui>', aud the grating of a boat's keel on 'the pebbly shore. Major Clutterbuck—after showing that he was himself fully oapable of taking plenty of "scope"—was returning to the bosom of his family. He might, indeed, have been likened to an elderly sort of dove returning to its ark, for he certainly brought with him an olive branch—using the word as a metaphor to , express a general atmosphere of peace and joy. His wife and Mabel met him on the doorstep, while in the background the "scramble"— Phil in his nightgown, and holding on tn Bertie on one hand and the bannisters on the other—came swarming down the stairs. " Why did you go out without telling us, Desbrow? I have been BO anxious !" said Airs. Clutterbuck, unwise as loving woman, alas.! so often is. It seemed as though, so to speak, some of the radiance died out of the Major. " Now, Marion," he said, with an aggrieved . and>injured air, "why will you check me in this way—before the servants, too!" This last was an allusion to Joseppina, whose bead was hanging over the rail of the third story, like an apple over a wall, and whose . ivory teeth were displayed in a sympathetic " smile. The 'women servants of a household always sympathise with the master of it, even when he is clearly in the wrong. "I really felt so much better, so much lighter of heart, for the little—the little . . . . . change—I am sure I was humming a tune as I came across, and now it is all dashed— . dashed and blighted—by being met with a reproach—it is, indeed. That domineering spirit of yours, my dear, is really very painful • to me at times " He sat down languidly in a chair in the hall, as though he really could not stand up under the burden of his wife's imperiousness, Jim, Algie, and little Phil crowded about his knee, but Bertie slipped his hand into his mother's. " I say," said Jim, " we're glad you're well again, you know. It's bad when youcan'tsingfor us—and tell us about Giant Grim " "Tell 'bout DianV Dim," echoed Algie; and Phil, not to be behindhand, put up his hand to his father's face and touched it lovingly. " Phil, he's welly glad yoo be's be3ser, poor —pappy The Major looked at his wife with reproachful eyes over the children's heads. a " See," that look seemed to say, "how these little ones appreciate me—no reproaches from them, no blighting of the warm, fresh impulses of my nature, no efforts to belittle me in the presence of our servitors." And all the while Mrs. Clutterbuck was trembling with anxiety and eagerness—and the flush that stole to her pallid cheek told of a heart that beat hard and fast. Nothing escaped Mabel. "We were both anxious, papa," she said; and no wonder—considering how ill you have been, and how you gave us the slip in such a shabby sort of way. Come, you must iiave some soup at once. Joseppina, take these naughty boys to bed. Phil nil sat down ' flat on the matting by way of protest, and Algie made himself' into an octopus, and clasped determined arms about his sister Mabel; but both the rebels were finally overcome, and delivered over to Joseppina, King Baby kissing his hand condescendingly to his subjects as he disappeared up the wide, stone stairway in bis nurse's arms. Bertie and Jim looked on with the calm superiority of the spectators in a street row. They could sit up for an hour yet; and who oould say what delightful possibilities an extra hour of "pap's" society might not hold 1 ' Jim was big with the secret confided to his keeping. He had not breathed a word of it yet to any living soul, though bis little mind was much exerciBed as to the changes which might CJme about presently. Would they all —namely, the "scramble"—go and live with Captain Rowan in that funny place Ricasoli, Where the rooms were so small and low, and Joseppina said the ghost of a soldier, who was Bhot there a long time ago, walked about at nights with eyes that shone like lamps, and a white-bosomed shirt with a crimson hole in the breast where the bullets went in ? That was not a nice idea at all, and Jim was afraid Phil would be frightened all the time. For himself he was not a bit afraid of ghosts; Indeed, would rather like to see one—if he had a good big table to get under the while, and could peep out from under the tableoloth. But Ricasoli might be out of the question, and mother and "pap" would be lonesome without anybody. Perhaos Captain Rowan would come and live with them at Sleima; in which case Jim would make him bowl to him every evening in the field behind the houBe, while he batted. Some day—pap said when his ship came in—they might go to a big school; and one cousin Gilbert had told them you were "nowhere" at a big school if you couldn't " handle a bat." Jim wouldn't like to be "nowhere." He had been used to being very much "on the spot," and there could be no manner of doubt that Algie was rebellious about bowling; he was also unreasonable—he wanted to bat himself sometimes. Jim had tried once to make Phil bowl instead. But the matter did not turn out a success, fcr King Baby bowled, himself over first baiU, and fell on his nose, and Joseppina was cross. Bertie was the best to bcwl, ne never grumbled; but then Mabel and Iiily often wanted Bertie. There could be no doubt, taking all these things into consideration, that Captain Rowan would be most useful if he became a member of the household. The turmoil of all these thoughts in Jim's mind resulted in him making the most excrutiatiog faces whenever he caught Mabel's eye, ehaking his head, and pursing up his lips as tight as if they were mother's workbag, and drew with a string. . " What is the matter with the boy?" said the Major, when the family had adjourned to the sitting-room, and Jim was going through these manoeuvres. "I was only looking at Mabel," said Jim, much crestfallen. "Looking at Mabel," retorted his father, sharply, " do you call those horrible grimaces looking at Mabel? My dear"—turning to his wife—"you are right; these children have too much scope. They must be sent to school—they really must." " Who's going to pay for us?" said Jim, making a slight Coloasus of Rhodes of himself, and standing, all bold and unabashed, right in front of the Major. " Who's going to pay for you ? Why, I am, of course, replied that potentate, with a lofty air. " Is the—the ship come in, father?' 1 said Bertie. He had often looked for it through the telescope at the turret window; he had often wondered if it ever would come in; and now, perhaps it had glided by without him being there to see it. "Yes, my boy, I fancy the turn of fortune bas come at last; the ship 'laden with golden grain' has reached its haven. Shall pap sing you a song ? Well, then, listen— Merrily danced the Quaker's wife, And merrily danced the Qua—ker. But at this stage of the song Jim went into one of his ecstacies, and lay down on the floor to roll it out. "That's Mothie," he shrieked. " Mothie's the Quaker's wife. I'd love to see her dance. She'd dance lovely.". "Mothie'' did not look like dancing. Her face was white and drawn; her eyes burned as she gazed fixedly at her husband. Mabel, coming in with a cup of soup on a little tray, looked intently from the one to the other, then caught her breath a little as she set the tray down. In a trice, like a flash, she gathered something of the state of affairs." "Jim, get up," she said, in the quiet tone which was never disobeyed by any child of the household; "get up and go and get your supper—you and Bertie together—and then go quietly to bed." With a last writhe of his lithe body, a last portentous wink, Jim disappeared. Bertie kiBsed his mother long and closely, as if he felt, he knew not why, that she stood in need of oomfort and sympathy. Then he Btopped a moment opposite his father. "Papa," he said, "I am glad your ship has come in. I have watched for it very often. We must buy mamma a fine silk gown, and a gold serpent with eyes full of light, like the one that Mrs. Lindsay wears, and oh ! a hundred things besides, mustn't we, dear papa ? Papa, I am glad." (To be continued.) To CORK SKIN DISEASES.—Suiphollne Lotion drives away all Eruptions, Pimples, Blotohes, Redness, and Disfigurements, leaving a dear spotless skin. Bottles. Sold everywhere s93thso 