LITERARY NOTES. Mr. Gilbert Parker's forthcoming book (_,_.,_, Ouimoii informs us is to be entitled " Bound is Australian Compass," and will be published in, Messrs Hutchinson and Co., of London, probably a conjunction with Harper Bros , of New York The volume will be profusely illustrated with views of Australian "bush " scenery, and of the chief case. >ngs of the great cities, and there will be a splendid portrait of Sir Henry Parkes, from tho_____¡r__ Mr. Julian Ashton. Lord Tennyson 19 said to be much interested in the ghost story, by Mrs, Brotherton, which appears in the first number of the Victorian Magazine, he has, repeatedly had the story read to him, and it is thought that he may possibly put it into verse Mrs Humphry Ward has finished her new and long-expected novel, which is to be called "The History of David Grieve ' Mrs Ward has written it chiefly at Haslemere, the air of which she finds more conducive to literary inspiration than that of cheese End of London, Haslemere, despite the fact that Lord Tennyson and Professor IjiidaUquititdnnnr the winter months, is now the recognised Panjdisoof English men and of women of letters The now magenta, the Jdlti, is to be tendered joint editorship of Mr. Robert Barr and Mr. Jerome K Jerome. The first number, which is to be dated February, 1892, will contain the opening chapters of Mark Twain's new story, " The American Claimant" The list of contributors to the magazine includes J. M Barrio, Bret Harte, Anchor Ling, J Hernan. Pnrtndgo, Jimosl'iyn, Rudyard Tupling, "OF Anstey, and Frank R Stockton. Messrs Chatto and Windus are the publishers A short time ago I mentioned (says armlet a Literary Opinion) the now well- known fact that Mr Mowbray Morris, the accomplished editor of Mr. Millar's Magazine, wrote "A Voice from the Bible" which is included in the collected edition of Adam Lindsay Gordon's poems, edited by the late Marcus Clarke that well-known Australian journalist " 'The Vagabond" has unearthed the fact that Clarke or the publisher included another poem as Gordon's, because they found it in his handwriting on the k of an ace of hearts. The verses fire by the late Whyte Melville, whom Gordon admired intensely I recall the curious reason of their inclusion in " Gordon's Poems," as I find them (quoted at length in a silly article 111 a C madiaii magazine as " a beau. hful example " of the genius of the Bush bird Lord Carrington, who had an angodvvithChief Jw. tice Way and Mr Patchett Martin to compile an account of his " Tw of Years' Viceroy Etty " in New South Wales, has decided not to issue the very, cb silt on the ground that Australia public events charm almost from day to day, and that already his Green Sydney is almost " ancient history." Not a few of Robert Louis Stevenson's admiran, fear (says an English paper) especially when they read the letters above his name 111 Mad and iTAiCi that in his new home he is too far removed fronts sources of inspiration. There is a curious comment on this fear in the fact that in his new novel, He Wrecker," ho dram copiously from the experience of his youth, to his intimates in Edinburgh more than one of the characters are familiar and these who were associated with him in his Pans days is having them recalled by the early chapter! is berthed'! Mr. Stevenson was one of a little band of Englishmen and Americans who spent many months together in a village on the confines of the forest of Fontainebleau He had just returned from a long cruise in a friend's yacht in and set to work upon his " Inland Vov age " Previously to this he had contributed to the Cornhill one or two of the essays which were afterwards collected under the blk " Virgmibus Pucrisquo, " and it was from here Uni he started on his famous journey "Ihroughtte Cevennes on a Donkey." In these days Stevenson was full of enthusiasm. Ev anything that he came across he invested with an air of romance Hem constantly dragging his friends across Paris to introduce them to " characters " of all sorts and condition. whom he had discovered. It is interesting to hear that among those who occasionally ran down in Paris to visit him at Fontainebleau was the Beljaa artist Van Beers, who was then an aurora personality. The Athenum states that a new story by Mr. Robert Louis Stevenson, entitled " The Beach el readers," will be published in the Illustrated halts Venus in 1882. Thus, with a new story by Mr J VL Barrie and Mr. Ryder Haggard's "Nada the Lily," will make up the songs for the yearinttit journal. It is said that " Real Ghost Stories " has been at a success that Mr. Stead contemplates publishing a " sequel " early in the new _ ear, to be called "More Ghost Stories." That popular novelist, Edna Lyall, well sion. issue, through Messrs. Simpkin, Marshall, and Co Limited, a small brochure, entitled " Mux Herefords Dream," dealing with the much-debated question of prayers for the dead Mrs Henry Ward Beecher has commenced in the Ladies' Home Journal, the most widely-circulated periodical in America, a series of six articles, Mr Beecher as I know him " bbo describes his habits is a young man, her engagement to him, he purchase of the engagement ring, and other w eighty matters. According to an American publisher, Sir Badjin Kipling wants a dollar a word for he stones. lb Atlantic Monthly, he states, has paid him 12MMÍ for a short story. This, says a writers an Ensby paper, is a very high price, but if Mr hip/inff a command a dollar a word in America he was a peril right to ask it I doubt, however, whether he gets on this side the Atlantic. A cable announces the marriage of Mr Rudyard Kipling to Miss Caroline Balcstier It grilles remembered that Mr. Kipling was collaborating with the Isla Mr Wolcott Balcstier in a story appearing in Um Century. The Bookman gives some particulars with rein to " Crossing the Bar." " The poem was composed, it sayS, during an illness Bouig upbraided by the nurse because he had never written any hymns, Lord Tennyson composed Crossing the Bar' the same night, and recited it to her the next morning On authority for this is a lady friend of Lord Tennyson who received the information from the lips al Bj poet during a visit. It is quite possible that the account may be reconciled with that of Dr Ainger, who asserts that it was written by I'd jT»!T on a day when he journeyed across the bolentfrom« worth to Farnngdon There is nothing to prevent poem having been composed before and written out afterwards in its complete and perfect form. "There is," adds the same writer, in the pow sion of an intimate friend of Lord Tennyson and the contents of which should prove "a" tour future biographers. It is an account of the manner in which he first essayed to make poetry One day II about the age of 10 he was too ill to go to church In brother suggested that he should employ his spare time in trying to write a poem The boy did so far discovered for the first time his capacity corporal "Henrik Ibsen (says an English contemporary getting quite a lady's man To Tru Hennings, J prima donna of the Royal Theatre, Copenhagen to creator of Nora and other celebrated party, writes cently celebrated the twenty-fifth aiinivorsaryoïntr first appearance, Ibsen sen., the following telegram -" Dear Fru Henningsen thousand tlnnlts_cutts day of your jubilee for your Nora, your Hams, your Hedda ' And thanks for all you bavetjeeaanl still are for contemporary dramatic noT"! "S art in Scandinavia -Your aiicchonnto How there is no falling-off in the popularity of Victor Hugo, to judge from some statistics published a. Augusto Macqueen, the trusty champion of W memory. The table of figures was <^¡¡^1 some observations made at a meeting of the Union's La Jeunesse Republicans, in the Sorbonne a Barthou, the speaker in question, nearly envious attacks of certain persons who cudwoifM to make out that Victor Hugo was overrated, and that his works were now out of date MILES proves by a short sum in addition U'»'T»'"^ the date of the poet's death the pub! s have to 7,418,3G8f, or £290,730 Us 'id, for the Mere' editions of his work This gives a case average of £80,000 yearly I'_"^TKdeto the literary fame of the author of the Ug«4«m circles" is still fresh and enduring as.",. adding that the highest prices quoted in s 2s queried list were realised by the gTÄM*_? "Los Miserables," which was issued bytffopo» Ushers in a cheap form , .. t ii . With regard to "Australian Men of Mail, . Sydney bookseller informs us that as much as in tiled work has come down to «'»{»"»Sffi», The five guinea edition, 6s 6d, the two wherefore. pubhsheffat six guineas, last The small Eng amounted to about 12s 6d a cop.,°««<» selling almost as waste paper and no one regrets Emerson has had nowhere «l'P'«T*'*8 ^ (says the Bookman) than Mr John Morley, ' being so, Mr. Morley would probab be, almost ho to road to-day the notes of a }»»_**"!'."___,_ "Reading," delivered by him in his famous Blackburn's 1864, as reported a says Lecturer and leader" of that year SpeaMi those whose minds are like sieves, a id whose,, " object is to drench the mind in a ce Um query words," he declares there is no more to be " derived from Bacon or Sliakmoe era has Martin Tupper or Ralph Waldo 1 men in Jos raTinteresfing to know at what period he found US courting of names incongruous "mower Mr Barry Pain, the now humorist, whose w s in a Canadian Canoe," has team of the successes of the month, is now **g*mA paper) a regular contributor to JWT » with the clever young men Mr. Wemyss Item na. round him in the W_\w]'T("hûted "Curtois of novels, and to which he exhibited nee Pete not the most successful part; as a agains/Messrs Chapman and II. j, it is in recall the fact says the ^"J'^^tMi "novels of recent times was.more'.MM» is, drawing his doctors from Mo ton Wsrsc ^ Vivian Grey," fa^j'ÎC», the following -Foaming ^^Btro_¿t_rr-lorf later Gas-Canning E J"' ^j.» Eldon, Vivid Visit Wilson Croker was a &a;^UÄ^Ä%^ pSruddock-Cardinal five weeks Sir W. Harcourt But by far the work ,___,» Sub respects Mr. Mallock, whose- Jurist I. was a series of caricatures under the varying. y. gXs of various celebrated men,, inn n d) y Son (Mr. Jowett), Mr. Luke (Matters in" Herbert (Mr. Buskin), Twigg offices forth. ^tMd»tLt^_f0MhaXrU«i* MaUook's case was that many «__"i_r£______|, tujiu^uûiitNWW and some of them he says 