PATRIOTISM AND CHRISTIANITY. [ I [By the Rev. Hugh Price Hughes. M.A.1 And they eing the song of Moses the servant o God and the Eong of the Lamb.—Rev. xv. 3. When we see the events of this swift life with "other, larger eyes," which of those events shall we cherish and commemorate? When we contemplate the things that are seen and temporal from_ the lofty, all-embracing stand point or the things that are unseen and eternal, which of the things that we now see shall wo prize for ever? When we breathe the pure and unsullied atmosphere of Paradise, un blinded by prejudice, unruffled by passion; when we count up the losses and the gains of earth; which shall we remember with satisfac tion and delight ?_ When the fiery dawn of the millennium morning mingles with the glassy sea of the transparent and placid justice of God, and we take up the harp3 of God to cele brate the final triumph of goodness, what songs shall we siDg ? St. John the Divine gives the answer—" the song of Moses the servant of God and the song of the Lamb." The song of Moses, what was that? It is written in the fifteenth chapter of Exodus. It is [the song which the Israelites sang on the eastern shore of the lied Sea after the horse and his rider had been thrown into the sea. The pursuing chariots of Pharaoh were swept away by the returning waters, and the fugitive slaves became a free people. Then Moses and the children of Isral sang their song. "And Miriam, the prophetess, the sister of Aaron, took a timbrel in her hand; and all the women went out after her with timbrels and with dances. And Miriam answered them— Sing ye to the Lord, for He h&th; triumphed gloriously; The horse and his rider bath He thrown into the sen." lb was the song of patriotism. It wag the birthday of national freedom. Baron Bunsen has well said that on the night the Israelites erosEed the Red Sea modern history began. From that day to this the entire progress of the.human race has followed the fortunes of national freedom. . The first condition both of mental and of spiritual life is national freedom/ That is to say, national self-government. The grossest and the most grotesque' delusion ever invented by, the perverse imagination of man is the notion that Christianity does nob pro mote patriotism. Why, in the absence of patriotism Christianity cannot thrive. It lives at best a pale, a stunted, a sickly life. The first great Christian apostle, Sb. Paul, would gladly have been even accursed for his country's sake, and all his true successors have glowed with the same divine fire. I am afraid that in these luxurious days there are some among us who think very little of national freedom. But without ib religioD, art, literature, and all that makes lifo worth living would fade and die. The saints in Paradise may well celebrate upon the harps of God the birthday of national freedom. National freedom is the only foundation broad enough and. strong enough to bear an enduring fabric of true religion. Religious freedom ha9 never existed in the absence of eivie freedom. Further, all modern progress and the destinies of the future are now in the hands of those nations which at the era of the reformation won national self-government. It is now generally admitted that the evan gelical churches during this century, and especially in England, have suffered, as Bishop Westcott says, from an excessive individualism. Leigh Hunt had much justification for accusing us of " other-worldliness." We wereindanger of beiBg so pre-occupied with the future as to neglect the present. We did not sufficiently realise the immense influence of our social en vironment. We had not grasped the fact that wo have no higher duty than to lay hold of the resources of civilisation in the interests of truth and progress, and that it is an essential part of our programme to make it as easy as possible for everybody to do right and as difficult as possible for everybody to do wrong. Beoause we were pre occupied with the individualistic gospel, because we grossly neglected our public duties, because we faffed to make strenuous efforts to reconstruct society upon a just and humane and Christian basis-we. alienated the manhood of Europe. We still inherit the result of that awful error. At this moment the great majority of the men in every civilised country are outside the Christian Church. . On the other hand, if we turn to the Continent of Europe we find thousands of men displaying the same passionate and boundless enthusiasm for what they call the revolution that the first Christians exhibited for Christ. There are thousands of men in Europe to-day who would gladly shed their blood in the interests of "the revolution." What is the revolution? It is summed up in threo magic words which you see on every public building in Paris— Liberty, Equality, Fraternity. Why should anybody object to those words: three of the most Divine and sacred words ever uttered on earth? What is it that the mo3t saintly of living bishops says in one of his intensely interesting and timely publications ? That the revoluntionary triad—Liberty, Equality, and Fraternity are after all only the social applica tion of the Pauline triad—Righteousness and peace and joy in the Holy Ghost. When the religion which produces righteous ness and peace and joy in the Holy Ghost in the individual soul dominates public life as well as private life it necessarily and inevitably produces liberty, equality, and fraternity. Itwas an evil hour for the Christian religion and for the hutraii race when patriotism was divorced from piety and when patriotism wa3 pitted against piety. Hence reigns of terror and streams of human blood. The great mistake of the Christian Church was that she sought righteousness without seeking the kingdom of God, and the great mistake of the Revolution was that it sought the kingdom of God without seeking personal righteousness. The church tried to . sing the 3ong of the Lamb without singing the song of Moses, and the Revolution tried to sing the song of Moses without singing the song of the Lamb. Christ said, " Go and make disciples of all the nations," collectively as well as indi i vidually. The purposes of Christ will never be accomplished until every law in every land is a Christian law; until the principles of Christian morality are carried out in legislation and in administration; until our home policy is a Christian home policy ; until our foreign policy is a Christian foreign policy; until, as Mazzini has finely said, patriotism is the fulcrum of our lever. We must capture the Foreign Office and make the Foreign Minister of every State an apostle of peace and goodwill among men. Patriotism is so diVine, so essential to manly and full- orbed piety, that in Paradise itself the birthday of patriotism is for ever celebrated. But when they have sung the song of Moses, the servant of God, they also sing the song of the Lamb. The song of the Lamb. What is that? Revelation is full of it. " Worthy the Lamb that died," they cry, " To he exalted thus!" " Worthy the Lamb our hearts reply; "For He was slain for us." Well did Horace Bushnell say that the "soul of all improvement is the improvement of tfie soul." There is no more fatal delusion than to suppose that you can secure social salvation without promoting the salvation of the in dividual man. This is the dream, the fatal mistake, of Socialism to-day. Many of the fascinating projects, of our Socialist friends could be carried out if men were angels. Un fortunately they are not. The Socialist en thnsiast forgets that we have very imperfect material to work with. There-could be 110 more terrible mistake than to suppose that any con ceivable legislation or any economic reconstruc tion of human society can rid the world of sin and misery. The work must go deeper. It must enter the heart. Every man must be converted, and cleansed, and purified by the atoning blood of Jesus Christ. Remem ber the terrible lesson of the French Revolution. They meant to reconstruct human society on a fraternal basis. But the world has never wit nessed a more dismal failure. It began with the applause of all humane men in every land, and amid . boundless enthusiasm, in which selfishness itself was paralysed and seemed to die. But, alas ! alas ! as the leaders of that movement were not Christian men, in a few months the hopes of humanity were drowned in a shower of blood, and all nations are feel ing the misery of that failure this very hour. Well did Carlyle say that the reason why the Revolution of the last century failed was the fact that its promoters forgot that sin had en tered. into the world and death by sin. Men are sinful. Men's hearts must be cleansed. By. all means let us have any change in the social environment that is brotherly, that en courages goodness, that discourages badness, that, helps men to achieve the highest mental, spiritual, and physical development of their nature.. But they cannot achieve ib until in addition to every conceivable external change there is that internal change for which the saints and angels praise God and the Lamb. Indeed, all the real happiness and all the true progress of this country and of every English-speaking land are due to Christian n c-n, to genuinely converted men. The greatest /uler the British Empire ever had was Oliver Cromwell. Never has England been so pre eminent among the nations as in his day. His foreign policy was so enlightened that it was in advance of anything we have achieved s,nce. If you desire that England should hold up her head among nations her statesmen must be men with changed hearts. When had we such power as when Cromwell was' on the throne? Ib was due to the fact that'we had in office a. man who did justly, who according to his light loved mercy, and who walked humbly with his God. I have just returned from America. I have been to the great Com monwealth to which the future of the human race belongs. There you have such religious | bbcrty as men have not had before; bberty for every human being. What is the. explanation of that? Simply that the Pilgrim Fathers landed on Plymouth Rock. Christian men laid the founda tions of that great Commonwealth which { is the hope of the oppressed, and marches already m the van.of the human race. If Eng | land is not to-day in the miserable condition in i J*an?e is. what is the explanation' i When Voltaire began his enterprise England | was nearer revolution than France. But, thank I God, at that moment a truly saved man began to preach the Gospel to the heathen masses of ! this realm. And as every true historian now admits, the condition of the British Empire in ; the nineteenth century is due to that great re i ligious movement which sprang out of the heart of a man who was truly converted to God m this very city (London). We must sing the so?£ °f Lamb. Everything will perish without that. We need it more than we need anything else. All our aspirations for progress and for happiness are doomed to dismal dis appointment unless men repent of their sin and trust in Christ who died for them on the cross. I never felt the supreme importance of more than now* ^ look around and I say, Men and women, how many of you can sin01 the song of the . Lamb?" Cradled in freedom, blest with noble traditions, you may smg the song of Moses. 5™, y°lA l°m m the song of the Lamb? Can you say, "He loved me and gave Himself forme?" How pathetic was an incident which happened recently at Bradford One of the most popular ministers of that town visited a working man who was very ill and dying. The man said, " Oh, I have a great want! And my brother minister said, "I know that you are in want; I will send you food immediately." "That's not what I want," replied the man; " I want to know my sins for given. He was dying.friendless and in agony; but there was something he wanted more than food and medicine. He wanted to know his sins forgiven. We do not live by bread alone. That also is a Socialist delusion. Suppose all were well clad and well housed, would thev be hapijy ? No. We have more mieery in Bel gravia than in Whitec-hapel, more agony above the poverty line than below it. What broken hearts there are amid the glitter of Vanity Fair. Do not make a mistake. Man does not live by bread alone. You all want more than that. You need what that man in Bradford wanted, that the aching void should be filled and that your sins should be forgiven. 