EXTRACTS '?iOM THE SIXTEENTH REPORT OF THE MALOGA MISSION TO THE ABORIGINES OF AUSTRALIA. By, DAIExL MATTsEWS, Founder and Superintendent. Sunday, June 15th.-Spent a happy day at Woodgreen. Took the morning and evening services in the ;ospel Hall. The congregations numbered about 400. Evidences of the Lord's presence were manifested as I.spoke of the "Power of the Holy Ghost." In the afternoon I addressed 550 children of the Presbyterian Sabbath School. Their attention and behaviour were exemplary. June 17th.-The Missionary Secretaiy at Aldersgate Street, Y.M.C.A., being somewhat concerned about Mr. Smith going out to Australia, without any definite work or arrangement, sought an interview with me and the General Secretary of the Y.M.C.A. about the matter. I explained to them that Mr. Smith was not going out at my invitation, but simply from his own choice, and, therefore, I could not pledge myself to any responsibility for him, more than to endeavour to get him into mission work as soon as possible on his arrival Just before our departure, however, I promised to give him £1 per month for a year if he continued with us in the work. . A letter from Mrs. Matthews was very helpful to me at this time. She writes, "I praise God for your trial of faith, and that you have now prove that God will supply all your. need. 1Jesus never failed His disciples, and! He says, ' I will never fail thee,. nor forsake thee.' I hope Mrs. Pridham is with you. Mr. P. is' so happy, because some of the Blacks have been here to-day, and we have had a good meeting,-getting them on a little in the divine life. Then we gave them tea, and they all left so pleased." During the latter part of my stay in England, Mr. Smith and I held meetings in the Y.M.O.A.'s at Islington, Shoreditch, Hammersmith, Finsbury Park, and Aldersgate Street, City. I visited all my relatives, and bade them an affectionate farewell,as it is probable we shall never meet again on this side of the grave. . My last evening in England was an eventful one. Mr. Hughman, the General Secretary of the Whittington Avenue Y.M.C.A., invited me to tea with some of his young men. We had a delightful prayer meeting, commending each other to God, and re-cronsecrating ourselves to Him in holy service. They each gave me a text-a message from the Lord-and I gave them one, wishing them good-bye I Dear fellows I My heart was knit to theirs in the bonds of love-the love of Christ. For some weeks I had been considering about my passage money, £24. By extreme care I had only a part of it, but by casting this burden upoli God, my iind was relieved. On the 27th, just a few hours before sailing, without making anyone acquainted with my needs, but God, the whole of the money was in my hands, and I went to the company's office and 'paid it, praising my Heavenly Father that He had not failed me in the time of my extremity. Having only £3 left after this, the thought of what my needs might be before reaching my home gave' me a little concern. However, a kind friend, just before I sailed, placed £10 in my hand, which gave me fresh cause for gratitude to "the Giver of every good and perfect gift." The following remarks concerning oir mission labours are from the pen of the Editor of 7TkeChristian, London.-" Our readers have been informed, from time to time, of the progress of, Mr. Daniel Matthews' work among Austialian Aborigines. During his present visit. to England, Mr. Matthews has made many friends, and, we trust, with the additional sympathy thus enlisted, he will be encouraged, along with his devoted wife, to continue his endeavours to civilize; and Christianize the poor Blacks of the several colonies of the Island Continent. . . . . Mr and Mrs. Matthews have trained many of them to lives of usefulness, and some have had their dark.understandings enlightened, and been enabled to see themselves as sinners, and to look to Christ as the Divine Saviour. " Mr. Matthews has endured much for the Gospel's sake, and in order to pnesent salvation, to those whom he has regarded with pity, because they are a sadly neglected portion of the " world," which God " so loved" that He gave His eon to redeem, its ups and downs, which would have effectually discouraged less persistent men, have not deterred him from carrying on the mission. His hands have been supported by friends in the Colonies and in Great britain, and we rejoice to hear that it is his purpose, in thenear future, to consrlerably develop the mission operations. * In certain quarters nothing short of the annihilation bf the Blacks seems to find favoir. " We hops that, far from such being the case, many will, through the lnstrumentalty of Mr. and Mrs. Matthews, not only prove useful citizens now, but'alsoe numbered at last with the glorified in the Heavenly City.', On the aftemoon\of June 27th, in presence of a considerable number of true friends, among whom were a few relatives and several members of the Y.M.C.A., Mr. Smith and I joined the P. and 0. Co.'s steamer, "Britannia,' and after cordial farewell greetings, we left the Thames, and coon passed out into the German Ocean. The next day (Saturday) my companion and I had prayer together, for God's blessing on the voyage. Before dinner we saw the last of dear ..Old England, and were soon travelling away south. As the time passed w. e became acquainted with one and another of Gcd's people among the passengers. Had regular reading and prayer each morning after breakfast, attended by about 25 persons, and at night four or five of us met for special Bible study and prayer, at 8, throughout the passage. The voyage passed away with the ordinary amount of drinking, gambling and amusements, among those whs were so disposed, but, on the whble, the passengers were well behaved./ i. Every few hours, when near a land, gave us some fresh objects of interest. At Gibraltar, Malta, rindisi, Port Said, the Suez Canal, Aden, and Colombo, we had opport ities of landing, and seeing these charming places of interest. On August 1st we reacled Albany, 4th, Adelaide; and on the 6th we were safely moored it Hobson's Bay. We praised God for a safe arrival, and after stayig one night in Melbourne, Mr. Smith and I took train for the lMuwray River, and my home at Maloga, arriving there on Friday, August 8/, with much gladness on the part.of my beloved wife.and family, and not less of my own. During my visit,to the Old Country my labours were anything but light. Of the 5' weeks I spent there I addressed 822 meetings, an average of ialmost six weekly, with audiences in the "aggregate of 88,000 persons; while my travels by rail and steamer in the United Kingdom covered more than six thousand miles. In the retirement of our home in the bush, we together raised our Ebenezer, and offered a tribute of praise to the Lord, who had so mercifully kept us in our separations and wanderings. On the following Wednesday (August 12th), Mrs. Pridham, with her family of three children, arrived at Maloga, which gave us fresh cause for rejoicing. They had had a pleasant and prosperous voyage from London in the steamer "Damascus," via the Cape. During the week a good many of the Blacks came in from Cumeroogunja Station to see us. Some wept with joy on seeing me again. We had singing and prayer with them, and as they retired they said how much they would like us to be their leaders again. Just previous to my coming home, Mrs. Matthews, whose heart was full of love for the Blacks we had rescued and trained, sent an appeal to the A.P.A. in Sydney, to be permitted to visit the mission, and continue t itipart spiritual teaching to the women. A reply came from the Secretary, saying, "Complete arrangements are made for holding religions services, therefore, it is unnecessary to grant your request." This lamentable want of unity with us on the part of the Sydney Society is calculated to do a great deal of harm, as it will damage the work in their hands, and hinder my operations, I fear. The Lord reigns, and I trust He will over-rule all for good. My brother Missionary (the Rev. J. B. Gribble), writes me from Temora, NBS.W., under date August 14th:--" I thank God for your return to this land. It is high time some real system were organised to reach the whole of Australia's Aborigines with the Gospel. I think, that whatever is done now that yon have returned to the Colonies, you and I should be perfectly agreed in aim, and as far as possible in effort. .. . I am anxious to start work at Bellenden Keri North Queensland, soon. I shall ( D.V.) go to Brisbane early in October, to secure, if possible, a grant of knd in the North for the Mission. 'If God be for us, who can be against u? ' I cannot now write more. My heart is full of pity and earnest desire for the unfortunate creatures in nur midst, and all I can do to reach and bless them in Christ's name I am willing to do." M. r. and Mrs. Pridham and family of a daughter and two sons, with Mr. Smith, by our invitation have taken up their residence at Maloga. We are glad to entertain them, and to endeavour to get them settled in Mission work as soon as possible, but things were grievously against us, and called for much patience on their part as well as oars. \- Priday, August 22nd.-Mr. Pridham and I walked out to the Cumeroo in-a Mlission-tbree miles. On our arrival I was met with much genuine and hearty friendship by every Aboriginal inhabitant young and old, who welcomed me home again. In the evening I was present at a religious gathering, and among the rest gave a word of testimony for Christ. .onday, August '5th.-The spirit of contention was manifest there La-day. Mrs. Matthews had given out sundry articles of clothing to the aborigine we have been used to do. There were presents from friends An E lad, an others in the Colonies, sent to us for distribution. I. E eengerd, wrote, With reference to the distribution of clothes to our people I shold think the proper courme would be to send them to our store, and et them be distributed by us. As the Aborigines of this station reap no benefit (ither directly or indirectl) from your labours, you cannot expect more than comnsmon courtesy from them." Being s unkindly shut out from ptercourse with the people we had elong o?rd for with almiost parental solicitude, we felt it deeply. With the friends from England, who were burning with missionary zeal, we continued often in prayer to God, and every night spent m.ch time in the wrote letter to some ofd the colonial religious journals, to inform our fin.nd5 of my return, and how greatly we had been blessed in the Old Co utry; speaking hopefully of the future, and the desire that existed in Mr. 1iatthews' heart and mine to go on rith the mission work among the Blacis, to which God had so manifestly called se. Notwith?tanding our isolation, the Sabbath services are good with us, and the dear friends from England are most united in all our pOyposes for future effort. The ist for the maintenance of such a large family--l4 in all-bears pretty heavily upon our slender resources, ibut the God sbho has been our Helper for so many years will not fail us in this time of perplexity. Adear lady in Brighton, England, sends as £3 in the time of need, so we are able to get the additional items required for sustenance.- "Oh, aognify the Lord with me, .nd let us exalt Ilis name." 