By M. E. BRADDON, - Author of " Lady Audley's Secret," " Phan tom Fortune," "Dead Men's Shoes," "Gut by the County," "Taken at the Flood,' " Weavers and Weft," " One Thing Need ful," " Mohawks," &c;, (Published by special arrangements with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter XXIX.—"'Tis Not the Same Now, Never More.Can Be.' Vansittarb was the first to break that agony ; of silence. , , , , , t "Does this mean the end of love? he askec. j "Is all over and done -with between you an l , me? Is love only a dream that we have j ^f^Ye^j'it is a dream," she answered, looking at him with tearless eyes, which had more , misery in them than all the tears he had ever ; seen in the eyes of women. " It is something ; perhaps to have believed oneself happy for j two blessed years. You have been so good to j me—so good to poor Peggy. She loved you almost as fondly as I did You have been all ( goodness—and you did not know that he was my brother. Yet, yet, when you killed him . you must have kuown that some heart wou.d b0 broken. No, I can never forget how good : you have been—or how dear. Don t think . that I can change in an hour from love to hate. * No, no, that cannot be. To my dying day I . must love you—but I cannot live with the man who killed my brother. I can never be your ; wife again; that is all over. We must be strangers on this side of the grave.' ; hard senfcenc©, Ev6j it could not bo harder if I we..e a deliberate murderer; and yet : perhaps it is no more than I deserve—perhaps . even the gallows would be no more than my . desert " ! "The gallows! Oh, God, could they kill you : because " , ,, , The words died m her throat, choked by the | agony of a great fear. 1 " But no one knows—no one will ever know, she cried. " She will never tell," pointing to the door; "she loves you to dearly." " No, she will not tell." " Is there anyone else who knows ?' " Only her aunt, who may be trusted. No, I don't think I am in any danger from the law,' he said carelessly, as if that hardly mattered. "But you—you are my supreme judge, aid you look upon me as a murderer._ Well, per haps you are right. Let me sophisticate with myself as I will, in that one moment I was in mind and instinct a homicide. When I struck that blow I did not care how deadly it migh; be all the eavagest impulses within me were aroused. Yes, I was a murderer; and you say that we must part; that is your sentence ?" She bent her head in assent. "Very well; then I must do all I can to make our parting easy and reputable. The world will wonder and talk, bub we must bear that. I think I know a way of lessening the scandal. You will live at Merewood and I will travel. That will make things easy." "Live at Merewood without you? Not for all the world. I shall go back to Eernhursb to my sisters. You will let me give them some of my pin money, I know, so that I may not be any "expense to them." "Let you—why your pin money is all your own, to throw in the gutter if you like."_ " No, no; it was meant for your wife. I shall have no claim upon it when we are parted. But I don't want to be a burden at the Home stead; I should like to give them fifty pounds a year. I shall not cost them so much as that." "I daresay not. Why do you torture me with this talk of money? All the money I have is turned to withered leaveB. Eve, Eve," he cried passionately, "you could not do this cruel thing if our child had lived." " Could I nob, would that have altered the fact that you killed my brother? No, Jack, for God's sake don't come near me," as he ap proached her wibh extended hand trying to clasp her hands in his, passionately longing for reunion. "There is a ghost between us. I should hate myself if I could forget the dead.' "Ah, that is the worBe sting of death," he cried bitterly. "The fatal influence of the dead which blights the living. Is there no hope, Eve—no hope? Is your mind made up ?" "Alas! Alas! I have no alternative." "Take time to . think, at least, before you act." . . "Time to think, why, I have been thinking for an eternity. It is ages sinoe that woman put this picture in my hand. If there were any truth in the stories of. hair turning grey in some great agony mine ought to be as white as snow. Oh, I have thought, Jack, I have thought If I could shut my eyes and say I forget. If I could say the past is past, and the dead are no better for our tears and our sacri fices, our crape gowns, or the roses we plant on their graves. If I could be like the heathens who said let us be happy to-day for to-morrow we die, how gladly would I blot thought and memory from my brain. Bub you see while. I live I must think and remember; and every hour of my life with you would be darkened by one hideous thought. I should see my brother in his blood-stained winding sheet standing be tween us. There are some things that cannot be, that hearb, and mind, and conscience cry out against, and our alliance is one of those things. Oh, it was wicked, wicked and cruel to marry me knowing what you knew." " Was it cruel, was it wicked? If it was I don't repent of that sin. I repent my first crime—the crime of bloodshed—nob my second, the crime of making you my wife. I have had two years of bliss. How many men can say as much? Well, since you are resolute—have weighed what you are doing and still decide against me I will leave you in peace. If the memory of those years cannot plead for me words are indeed idle." I fehe heard the strangled sob in his voice as he turned from her and went slowly to the door, but fche did not call him back. She stood like a woman of stone till the door closed on liim and the outer door opened and shut again. Then she clasped her hands above her head in sudden despair and rushed out upon the bil cony to see the last of him. She leaned over the high iron rail to watch him as ho sprang into the waiting hansom. She saw hioi drive away and did not shriek to him. to come back, though her whole being, brain, heart, nerves yearned after him with the wild yearning ot despairing love. She watched till the cab vanished from her sight, hidden by the foliage on the Embankment;, and then she dragged herself slowly back to the room as a wounded animal crawls to its lair, and flung herself upon Lisa's sofa, a broken-hearted woman. "Could I act otherwise—could I, could I?' she asked herself. "My brother, my own flesh and blood. Even if I had not Joyed him, could I Jive with the men who killed liirn?' Lisa crept into the room while Eve sat sob iug, with her face hidden in the sofa pillow. Lisa crept to her side and sat on the grouud I37 her, pitying her and looking up at her with mute dog-like tenderness. "What have you done?" sha asked at last. " Have you sent him from you—your husband, who loves you?" "Yes, he is gone. It is our fate. "Eate !" cried Lisa contemptuously. "What is fate ? It is you, not Eate, that make3 the parting. If you loved hiin you would not 1st him go." . "If I loved him. Why, my whole being is made up of love for him." " What then ? And you send him from you for an accident—for something which no one could help. I was there—these eyes saw it—a moment and it was done. There was not time for thought. Eor thai; one instant of wrong doing are you to make his life miserable ?" " He killed my brother. Do you understand that, Lisa. The man who ought to have been your husband was my brother. Did you care nothing for him—you, the mother of his child?" "Yes, yes, I cared for him. When first he came to Burano I worshipped him as if he had been St. Mark. And when he said 1 Come to Venice with me, Lisa, and be my little wife,' I went. It was wicked, I know. I ought not to have left Burano till I had been to confes sion and the priest had married us, but when I said, * You will marry me, Siguor Inglese,' he said, 'Yes, Lisa, by-and-by,' and that was what he always said till the last ' by-and-by.' He was not always kind to me, Siora, though he was your brother. He beat me some times when the luck had been bad at cards. When he had been sitting up half the night playing cards with his friends and I crept into the room and begged him to play no more—he was not kind then. He would start up out of his chair and swear a big English oath and strike at me with his clenched fist. But am I sorry? Yes, of course I am sorry. It was dreadful to see him fall dead in a moment; but is that to be remembered against your husband years afterwards ? He was brutal, so brutal that he deserved his death almost. He flew at the strange English man like a tiger; he would not listen, _ he would not believe that I was not false to him. He was mad with drink and foolish anger. He was like a wild beast. And for an accident like that you would make the noblest of meu unhappy. Ab, Siora, that is not love. If vour husband belonged to me and he loved me as he loves you he might kill twenty _ men and I would cling to him and love him still. What would their life be to me, or their death, if I had him." "You area semi-civilised savage and you can't understand," said Eve sternly. "Life and death, good name, and honor have no meaning for you." '' Love means more than all, said Jjisa doggedly. . "There is only one man you have uhe right to love," said Eve; "the man who ought to have been your husband. You must be indeed a wretch if you can love the man who killed him." " Ah, madonna mia, we do not make our hearts. They are made for us," Lisa pleaded naively. "The Signor Inglese was very good to me at Burano in my poverty, but afterwards at Venice I had a good deal to suffer. It wa3 a hard life sometimes. One had need be young and able to laugh and forgive and forget. Bub he—Signor Vansittarb—he was always kind. His face haunted me after that afternoon on the Lido, and when we met again—when La Zia and I were strangers in London without a friend in the world—oh, how kind and generous he was 1 All that I have of fame and fortune I ewe to him, and though he does not care for me so much as that," with a contemptuous wave of her fingers, " yet he is always gentle, always good. Do not tell me that I am to care more for the dead man who deceived me and beat me than for the living man who has been my benefactor, my guardian angel, and for whom I say a paternoster and two aves every night of my life. It is sweet to say these for his " Ah, you do not understand. You do not know what death is," said Eve with gloomy anger, gettingup from the sofa and rearranging her loosened hair with trembling hands. " rt muBb come to ail ot us, answered Lisa with a philosophical .shrug. ''Better that it should come in a moment as his came, without suffering, without fear, than that we should live to be old and fat and full of maladies. People die of dreadful diseases that one BhudderB only to hear of, and that i3 called a natural death. How much better to be stabbed to the heart unawares." . . "I cannot reason with you," said Eye haughtily. "I loved my brother. You, his mistress, evidently eared nothing for him." And with this verbal stab she departed. Who shall say whether she was most indignant with the Venetian for loving Harold Marchant too little or for loving John Vansittarb too much ? The victoria was waiting for her; the ser vants were asleep in the afternoon sun. She had herself driven home, being just able to utter that monosyllable "Home" in answer to the footman's question. How strange the streets and all their move ment of every-day life_ seemed to her as she drove along the interminable King's-road and by Sloane-street and the Park—how careless the faces of the people. Was there no other trouble in the world bub her own? Was every body else busy and bustling and happy ? She felt as if she had been driving home from a funeral, wondering to find a world where there were no signs of sorrow. Had she not verily parted from her dead? The dead brother whom she had alivayB pictured to herself as alive aud happv in some far-off African wilderness lead ing the adventurer's solitary life, caring for no one he had left in the civilised world, bub des tined to come back to her hereafter with thab wild spirit tamed, his boyish affections warmed into new life. He was dead, and she would see him no more on earth—killed in a tavern brawl for the sake of a worthless woman. And the husband she adored, he, too, wa3 dead— dead to her for ever. She had renounced him, and he was free to go hi3 own way and lead his own life, and find consolation and happi ness where he chose. Her friends of Mayfair had told her that no man laments long for the loss of any woman, that one beautiful face pushes aside anobhei', that there is no image, however cherished, which does not grow fainb and fade and vanish, as a circle widens and rneHs away upon still water. Even the house in Charles-street had a strange aspect when she re-entered it; Should she find him there ? Would he plead with her again in their own house, where she ha,d been eo happy with him. where all mute thing3 re minded her of the glad life he had given her ? Would he plead with her once more and renew the agony of the sbruggle between love for the living and loyalty to the dead ? No, she was spared that ordeal. The servant who opened the door told her that his master had been summoned hurriedly to Southampton and had left a letter for her. _ She caught iip the letter eagerly, hungry, in her desolation for some sign from him, some last link between them. " I starb by mail for Southampton, he wrote. "Till seven I Bhall be within reach of a tele gram at the Travellers, if you change your mind. Before to morrow night I shall be out ward bound, but till to-morrow night a wire bo the post-office at Southampton would! find me. I have made no plans as yet, but you may think of me as an exile and a wanderer. I will send you tidings of my whereabouts from time to time, so that if ever you relent you may call me back. I will go to you from the uttermost ends of the earth." He was gone. She had been obeyed. The wrench was over, and now she had to face life calmly and deliberately without him. She had sacrificed all that was dearest to her on this earth to the shadow of the dead. She had made her choice between the dead and the living. Could she have chosen otherwise ? .1 That was the question she asked herself when she had locked the door of her room and was alone with her misery, walking to and fro among the familiar surroundings which had been the background of a happy union. How could she have ohosen otherwise ? " He killed him I" she repeated, to herself with dogged insistency. "He killed him— killed my brother. What should I be if I could ' with him—call him husband, love him an,, obey him for the rest of my life—bhe man who killed my brother ? Was it murder or not murder ? He killed him. It was death. Oh, to think that he entered that fatal place in all the strength of his manhood; a young man with a long life before him, perhaps; with all the chances of fortune and happiness which length of years can bring; and there in a moment he was breathing his last breath, 1 stabbed to the hearr 1" { Memory recalled that fondly-loved brother i in the flush of his active boyhood—a. cricket j field shining in the sunlight, the white tents, ! the village crowd, and that tall musoular form, the sunburnt face, blue eyes, and auburn hair, the type of English boyhood at its best. One j scene after another of her childhood passed 1 before her as in a panorama, and Harold was , the central figure in every picture. So strong, so brave, eo intelligent, so kind to her always, even when at war with others ; loving her to the last, even when an outcast from his home. How cruelly Eate had used him—an unkind lather—a forced exile—an early and a violent death. For more than an hour—for an eternity or Buffering—she paced her room—or knelt beside the bed, nob praying, nor yob crying—only thinking, thinking of the life that had been and that was over for ever—her childish life in Yorkshire while her brother wae still the cherished sou, the honored heir—the later season of disgrace and partiDg—her life with the husband of her love. . "And Peggy," she thought, with anew agony of remorse aud unavailing lovo, '"oh, how good ho was to my poor leggy—no brother could have been kinder—but it she had known that the hand which smoothed her pillow was the hand that killed nee brother— if she had known! Does she know now, 1 wonder, and know what 1 suffer and pity me from the far distance, in the land where tuere are no tears ?" ., , She refused admittance to her maid aj the usual hour of dressing. She had a headache and would not go down to dinner. .Later m the evening she wandered about the house, looking at the rooms in which she had been so happy—remembering the days of her courtship when those rooms were still now to her ancl seemed to realise all she had ever imagined of luxury and refinement, an elegant simplicity which seemed au emanation of her mot her-in law 'a mind and character. She went about bidding the rooms good-bye, looking ab them for tbo last time, as she believed, for she meant to depart on her journey early next morning. On thinking out the question of her future she rejected the notion of that return to the old home of which she had spoken to Vausit tart. To d epar t whither'! She could not go to her sister's at Fernhurat, the refuge which she would instinctively have chosen, content to hide herself in the humble home of her girlhood, to live the old unluxuriou3 life, to sit by the cottage hearth, and read the tattered old volumes of Scott and Dickons, and llulvver and Thackeray, and try to think herself a girl again, a girl who had never seen the face of Jack Vansittart. Fernhurst would nob do. It wa3 too near Lady Hartley ; it wa3 not remote enough from Merewood. She had to find some abiding place which should be unknown to all the world except the servanb who went with her. She did not feel herself equal to travelling without a servant. The ways of luxury had spoiled her for the ways of independence. She w»3 no longer the same young woman who used to bead an early expedition from Hasle meie to Waterloo, travelling third class, among soldiers and workmen, to be first in the scramble for bargains at a sale of drapery. She felt herself powerless in her bruised and broken state to face the confusion of a crowded railway-station, the bewilderment of foreign travel with its stringent demands upon the traveller's calmness and intelligence. Sh6 found her maid waiting for her in her bedroom with a tea tray and a meal of cold chicken, fruit, and jelly, set out temptingly to beguile her into eating. "You have had nothing since lunch, ma'am." " I can't eat anything—yes," as th8 servant looked distressed, "some bread and butter. You can leave that and the tea, bub take away all the rest, please. And then give me Brad shaw—and I want you to pack before you go to bed. It is nob very late, is it V looking hopelessly at the watch on her chatelaine, bub unable to see the quaint old figures in the heaviness of her tired eyes. "Past eleven, ma'am, but lean pack to-night, if you like. Are we to leave early to-morrow?" Eve turned the leaves of Bradshaw before she answered, pored over a page for a few minutes " The Continental tram leaves Charing Cro3s at eight," she said. "Then I must cerbainly pack to-night, ma'am. Shall I take many dresses—evening gowns—tea gown3? Shall you be going out much in the evenings ?" "I shan't be going out at all. Take my plainest walking 'gowns; one black evening gown will do. Take plenty of things. I shall be abroad a long time." "It is very sudden, ma am, xaltered Len I son, who was honestly fond of her mistress. "Yes, it is very sudden. You must not ask me any questions. You must takeib on tru3b that there is nothing wrong iu my life." "Oh, ma'am, I should never thiak thab, whatever happened. I know you too well. Are we going to Mr. Vansittart?" "No, Benson. We are going away from him. Mr. Vansittart and I have parted for ever. Please don't speak of it to anyone down stairs, I want to avoid all talk and scandal. I tell you because you are going with me. You will share in my new life—if you like to go.' "I would goto the end of the world with you, ma'am. But, dear, dear, dear, to think that you and Mr. Vansittart can be parted— you who have been so happy together, like children almost! It can only be a passing mis understanding. I am sure of that." " Benson, if you guess and speculate about my trouble I shall go alone. Can't you under stand that there are griefs [that twon't^ bear to be spoken of ? Mine is one of them. I am going abroad; I hardly know where as yet. To some quiet places in Brittany or Normandy most likely, where I can just exist. "Oh, my dear mistress, you will bill your self with grief," sobbed Benson, as she poured out the tea for her mistress. While Benson was packing, with all the dexterity andmethod of an accomplished packer, Eve was employed in writing the mo3t difficult letter she had ever written in her life. She was writing to her husband's mother, the woman who had received her at first reluctantly, but afterwards with tenderness and motherly affection ; the woman who had surrendered the son she adored to the wife he had chosen for himself and who looked to that wife for the happiness of her son's future years. Penniless, the daughter of a disreputable father, with no social surroundings of family influence to re commend her, she had been accepted by Jack Vansittart's relations; petted and praised by his sister; lovingly cherished by his mother, and for recompense of their trust in her what was she going to give them 1 She was going to spoil her husband's life in the heydey of youth and love; to leave him bound in wedlock and yetcompanionless; with a wife and no wife. He could not divorce her; she could not divorce him. His sin was not of the kind which breaks marriage bonds. What could she say to her mother-in-law which could in any manner explain or justify the parting of husband and wife who until yesterday had been living together in seem ingly happiest union ? There was no expla nation, no justification possible. The mystery of those two broken lives and broken hearts must remain for ever a mystery to their kindred and the world. "My husband and I have agreed to part, and our parting must need3 be for a lifetime," she wrote. " We can tell no one our reasons, nob even you, mother, who of all people have the strongest right to question us. Unfaithful ness or lessening love has nothing to do with our separation. I never loved my husband better than I love him now; or, at least, T never knew the strength of my love for him so well as I know it now. What must be must be. It is fate and not our own wills that divides us. Wherever he may go my heart goes with him. Think of me with indulgence if you can; pity me if you can, for I have direst need of your pity." She said nothing about her destination. She had not made up her mind yet where she was to go. She sat for an hour or more turning the leaves of the Continental time-table; now thinking she would go by Ostend and to the Ardennes; and then again deciding upon Brittany. It mattered ncthing to her where she went; all places were alike, except for her desire to avoid the people she knew. Finally she decided upon crossing to St. Malo by the boat bhab left Southampton at five o'clock next day, and from Sb. Malo to Dinan or Avranches. She would avoid the seaside where English visitors would be likely to be met at this season. The Norman and Breton towns she knew by repute as places where people lived quietly, and economically, forgotten by the world. The same post which brought Mrs. Van sittart Eve's letter from London brought her a letter from her son written from Southamp ton :— "You will be surprised at the address from which I write, and still more surprised when I tell you that Southampton is only the first stage on my jouruey to South Africa. I sail from here to the Cape, and from thence shall make my way to whichever portion of the Dark Continent promises best for health and enjoyment at this time of year. Do not be uneaBy about me, my dear mother. I shall take counsel with experienced travellers before I turn my back upon the civilised world, and I shall not go to meet fever, famine, or assassina tion, You shall hear from me at each stage of my wanderings. I do nob go as a scientific explorer or as a sportsman in quest of big game, I go with the desire to escape from civilisation, monotony, and my own thoughts, which just now are of the saddest. "(A cloud has spread itself between Eve and me, and we two, who were_ bo happy in each other's affection a little while ago, have agreed to part, I fear never again to live together. I cannot tell you our reasons, for they involve a Eecret the revelation of which would be disastrous to me—the only secret I ever kept from you. _ Eve is blameless—chaste and faithful as in the beginning of our wedded lives. I implore you to think of her always with affection; to shelter and cherish her if ever she appeals to your love or claims your protection. She is entitled to your respect and to your pity. The only sinner—never a, deliberate sinner—is your son, who in his shattered domestic life pays the forfeit of one unhappy act." 