I Some Remarkable Dreamers. ' AT the French lottery offices it used to be a custom ; to keep a register . of - the lucky numbers which had been suggested by dreams, they, were so numerous and BO re- markable. . Never did, a .day pass without adding to the wonderful record, and faith in drentriB grew . in consequence even more rapidly than the list did in the register. It was so in England while the lotteries existed, and is BO abroad where they still exist. Many strange stories of this kind are told. ' Amongst remarkable dreamers we have authors who, continuing the occupation of the day, have composed through the night while asleep. In this way Voltaire com- posed his verses to Monsieur Touron, The most thoughtful and eminent, philoso- phers have regarded the .phenomena of dreamB with the. deepest interest. Lord Byron, repeating an idea as aged as Her- aclitus, says :- , 'Our life is twofold ; sleep hath its own world. Herrick also wrote long before Byron; Here we are all by .day ; by, night w' are hurl'd By dreams each one into à sevVal world. And strange indeed such, worlds are ; worlds in which time and .space have no laws, and everything that is actual and real seems to blend with everythiDg fanciful and unreal, without for and instant, appearing improbable or extraordinary. In a dream the coward is brave, tho foolish wise, and the defeated triumphant; the little are great, the blind see, lame walk, the joyous are sad, the sad are joyous, the prosperous fail, and the, weak are strong.. From the most ancient times dreams have been regarded as prophetic symbols, cap-, able of useful and important interpretations,' and .many astonishingly,strange stories are, told in which their significance was appar- ently demonstrated. Anciently, they were broadly divided into good and evil'dreams, and means for securing the one or avoiding the other were solemnly adopted. Pliny "said aniseed placed on the pillow, BO that the;sleeper smelt it, would prevent' dreams from being disagreeable, while the seed of pycnocomen, taken in doses of one, draohm in wine, produced nightmare. Both Pliny and Aristotle j regarded dreams as most fre- quent in the spring and autumn: ' Among the i ancients dream-interpreting was a regular, trade,'and Artemidorus is credited with exalting it into a science by the 'publi- cation bf his1 five books of ' Oneirocritiea,' first printed in Greek1 at Venice in the year 1518, and sometimes called * ' The' Dreamer's Bible;1'' '^<; ''j' "'.';:;:;:' ' :;" ''. Galen tells of a man who dreamed that his left thigh ' had' become stone,' and who soon after lost the lise of it by the dead palsy ; of another, one of his patients, who dreamed that he .was ia a vessel full of blood, which he accepted as a sign that" the man ought to be bled, by which means' a serious disease under which he laboured was cured; ' "Dion Cassius' stated that';his - history "was written in obedience to a dreamland Cyprian that he was ' instructed by a dream to mk wine and water in the Eucharist. Lactanus believed that dreams were the agents of the Divinity, St. Bernard'of "Clairvaux; that they were often instigated .by devils. > : Thomas Aquinas held it folly to deny that future events were ' ' indicated by . dreams, * and Josephus ' carefully studied;? his dreams as the divine guides by which all his ' actions were to be governed.' -' Bishop Bull held the same belief, and so; it appears, did Bishop Ken. .' .'.'.' ? '.'?'' :'."-': . ' Amongst the most remarkable dreams on record the following will always have : their places. ?'? ; '?.'?':?-.".' . ?'. : TUE DREAM OF THOMAS LORD LYTTEMON. Breakfasting with some ladies on Novem- ber '25, 1779, at his house in Hill- street, London, Thomas Lord Lyttelton spoke of a very curious dream he had dreamt in the night., In this dream a bird'flew into, a room where he was, and, while he looked at I it, it changed into a female, who told him to Erepare for another world,, as in three days e would die. ¡He was then well and as he laughingly said, did not look like a man so near death.' -. On the Saturday also he .told the'same ladies that, he felt perfectly well, and ¡believed he should ' bilk the ghost.' -1 Some hours afterwards lie wont with Mr. Fortescue and ,» .Captain s ¡Wolsley, i to Pitt Place, Epsom, ate for supper an egg, went cheerfully and talkatively to bed, hoped be should have rolls for breakfast, and suddenly expired while . Stuckey,. his: servant, was assisting him to remove his under-waistcoat. This story bas been told in various ; .ways ; the 'above account is that given by Lord Lyttelton's uncle. ; ?.-?¡'?.I "rt ni. ; TUE DREAM OF CALPUBSIA , ,. Plutarch records that, Caesar being in bed with his wife. Calpurnia, when, the Ides, of March 'had come, but alas 1 were not y et gone, was much , disturbed , by the groans she uttered in ber, sleep, and, awoke her. She then told him that'she had dreamt , of holding him, murdered-in-ber-arms. On the following day, so^deeply was, this dream impressed upon her mind, and so'lgreat the terror it occasioned, that she implored' him to remain that day and adjourn the meeting of the Senate.,, He was startled'.and know- ing her to be a woman of strong mind, and in nowise superstitious, he offered sacrifices and consulted the diviners, by whom be waa advised to adjourn .the;Senate, and ? would have done so had .he not been persuaded to the [Contrary by one of tho conspirators against his lifo, who laughed .at the dream and the diviners, and warned Cassar against giving offence to the Senate,;just when they were prepared to crown his most ambitious desires. Imperial Cosar listened, and went out. with bim to meet his death. ' j TUB DREAMS OF AUGUSTUS. AT the battle ; of Philippi, although Augus tus being unwell had determined not to leave his tent, à dream urging .him to quit.it, he did so, and thereby his wife was saved, for an attack of .the enemy resulted in its Cap- ture1 and destruction." '. , At another time, nf ter visiting a temple near tho Capitol which he had dedicated to Jupiter Tonans,' be drempt' that Jupiter Oapitolinus came to him : complaining that the new temple , had taken ,away his wor- shippers ; to which he replied no, he had but given him a porter i at his gate. - To carry out this idea bells were hung round the summit of the new temple such as were usually found at the gates of great bouses. In consequence.of another dream Augus- tus, on a certain day of the year always begged alms of the people the attitude of a mendicant-head bent, hand outstretched. i THE DBÏAM OF MONICA. I St. AUGUSTINE tells the story of his mother's dream, at a time when she WSB still involved in; vice and sensuality, very touchingly, as follows : "And thou sentest thine hand from above, and', drewest my BOUI out of that profound darkness. .My mother, Thy faithful one, weeping to Thee for me more that mothers weep the bodily deathB of their children. For she, by that faith and spirit which she had from Thee, discerned the death wherein I lay, and Thou heartiest her, (j Lord. 'Thou beardeat her, , and despisedst not ; ber tears, when streaming down, they watered the ground under her'nyes in every place where - - she prayed ; yea, Thou heardest her. For >' whence waa that dream whereby Thou com fortedst her, sb that she allowed me to live ' with; and to eat at the same table in the ' house, which she had begun to shrink from, . abhorring and detesting the blasphemies of . my error. Por she saw herself standing on '?? a certain wooden rule, and a shining youth i n- coming towards ber, cheerful and smiling > upon her, herself grieving and overwhelmed ? with grief. But tie having inquired of ber - the causes of her grief and daily tenrs, and ? : ' she answering that she was bewailing my perdition, he bade her rest contented, and told her to look and observe that where she . - was there was I also. And when shs looked she saw me standing by her on the same rule." .THE DBEAM OF Ii ADV W » BBS'S CHAPLAIN. IN some Passages of the Life and Death . ? of the Bight Hon. John Bari of Rochester, ? ? who died 2Gth July 1SG0, we read bow this -, lord told the writer that the chaplain of his .'< ]' mother-in-law, Lady Warre, dreamt that he would die on a certain day. The idea was : ridiculed by the family, and be hud almost ? forgotten it, when one evening at BUpper it was discovered that there were thirteen at - table, which, "according to a fond conceit" ' . in other words, a foolish one- indicated the - death of one of them, and a young lady pointed out the chaplain as that one-pro bably in fun. This recalled the dream, and the chaplain was once thrown into a state of Agitation. He expressed his belief that be- fore the morning he must die; but being , then in excellent health, no one heeded his , words. On the following morning he, waB ,, - found dead in his bed.-London Society for ' August. .'.".; ' 