BREVITIES. ? ? ^ ? ? Mr. Justice Manning, who has recovered from his recent illness, sat in the Bankruptcy Court this morning, and disposed of a lengthy probate list. A copy of an address for presentation to Mr. Eddy and his colleagues has been received by the Mayor of Katoomba, and is being sent round for signatures. Shearing is progressing satisfactorily in tho Wanaaring district 'Urisino and Elfiinora sheds hare cat oat. Nocoleche and Wanaaring expect to finish at the end of tho present week. George Saunders was charged at the Milpa rinka Police Court, on remand from Thargo mindah, for the larceny o£ a cheque for .£20, which was lost by Henry Bennett and cashed by Saunders. He was committed for triaL Harry Parsonage was charged at Moss Vale on Wednesday with creating a disturbance at a meeting of the Salvation Army. He was com mitted for trial. The body of an unknown man has been found in the Newcastle harbor near the A.A. Company's shoots. It appeared to have been in the water abeut 48 hours. A silver watch was in one of the pockets inscribed 'George Dodde, No. 34,651; Couddas and Sons, Durham, England.' He ap peared to be about 30 years of age, and was dressed in a blue serge suit. A lodge of Druids has been opened at Shell harbor. The quarter sessions were opened at Forbes on Tuesday, before his Honor Judge Docker. Ah Fook, charged with having inflicted grievous bodily harm on Ah Sam, pleaded guilty, and was sentenced to Bix months' hard labor. George M'Cartie, on a charge of having been on the premises of the Bridge Hotel with the intention of committing a burglary, was sentenced to two years' hard labor. The strike at Southern Cross (W. A.) continues, and there appears to be not the slightest sign of any settlement being arrived at. A meeting of the contributories of the Mercan tile Bank of Australia was held in Melbourne on Wednesday. Mr. W. Simpson read a lengthy statement, which he had submitted to iiis fellow committeemen as a report, bnt upon which they disagreed. The report contained startling disclosures. At a large meeting of the Bail way League, held at Tumut on Tuesday night, a resolution was car ried that the member for the district, assisted by a deputation, urge the Minister to submit the extension «f a railway from Gundagai to Tnmut to the Public Works Committee, as such further extension ia the only way to render the branch profitable, as suggested by Mr. Alexander's re port. The speakers showed that the Gundagai line last quarter swelled the returns of the trunk line by .£8000, the greater part of the traffic goiag from Tumut. .Owing to the dulness in the shipping trade the wages at Port Adelaide for seamen engaged in the deep sea trade have been reduced to -£4 per month, or £X below what is considered the standard rate. A New Zealand wire states that the Parliamen tary Committee has unanimously recommended that the Colonial Bank is entitled to a share of the Government banking account in recognition of the services rendered by it to the colony in February, 1S88. Governor Kintore has been presented -with petitions bearing over a thousand signatures, praying for the commutation of the death sen tence on Carton, who murdered Edwards at MagilL James Gordon Austin, a clerk in the City Coro ner's cmce, Adelaide, has been acquitted on a charge of embezzling .£96, the property of the Government. The Victorian Treasurer was asked by a depu tation of importing manufacturing booksellers on Wednesday for the increase of the duties on a number of articles from 20 to 45 per cent. Sir Graham Berry promised to consider the applica tion. The jury returned a verdict of guilty in the case of Charles Jewel, who was arraigned in Mel bourne on a charge of shooting at Constable Foley with intent to kill. Accused was remanded for sentence. Five previous sentences, amounting to 16 years, were recorded against him. An exemplified copy of the will of the late Frederick Clissold, of Ashfield, Sydney, has been lodged in the Probate Office, Melbourne, for the purpose of obtaining probate in Victoria. A mission is being conducted at Albury Ly the Passionist Fathers of Goulbuin. Complaints are made by Albury hotelkeepersat the proposed stoppage of the Sunday mail trains. Messrs. John See and T. M. Slattery are ex pected to visit Newcastle on Saturday next, with the object of acquainting themselves with the wants of the district and addressing a public meeting on th6 political situation. Mr. A. P. Woodward, an old and respected resi dent of Boggabri, died last night, after a short but severe illness. ' The Haunted Ancestral Homes of England,' a series of thrilling ghost stories, with wierd, authentic, supernatural portents, is continued in this week's Illustrated Sydney News. The usual weekly meeting of St. Paul's Young Men's Union was held last evening in St. Paul's Schoolroom, Cleveland-street; vice-president, Mr. W. C. CGombes, in the chair. There was an un usual large attendance, including Eev. Hugh Dunlop, secretary New South Wales Literary and Debating Society's Union. The preliminary busi ness being got through, Mr. John Chambers was elected a member. The principal business of the evening was a debate, ' Should the franchise be extended to women ?' The premier (Mr. F. Irwin), in cpening the debate, explained in a very lucid manner why it should not be, and was supported by Messrs. J. Jones, E.Wilson, and J. Duers. Mr. W. H. Watts (leader of the op position) in a very telling speech, advocated the extension, and was ably supported by Messrs. Win. Evans, L. Burtram, and G. Vaughan. The debate being gone into in a very enthusiastic manner on both sides lasted the whole of the evening, and was eventually adjourned sine die. The Loyal Native Eose Lodge of the M.U. I.O.O.F. hold its usual fortnightly meeting in the Manly Oddfellows' Hall on Tuesday evening, Brother Eudd, N.G., presiding. .An unusual feature of the evening was the initiation of an honorary member by Brother if. Parkin, P.G. The sum of .£10 was directed to be placod on fixed de posit account. Brother T. Parkin reported pro gress of anniversary social committee, and stated that it had been decided to hold the social on September 30. It was decided to honor the open ing of the Past Grand Lodge, to be opened in Manly on Wednesday, August 31, and that the Grand Lodge officers be invited to visit Manly and to officiate at the inauguration. At the weekly meeting of the Rookwood Bate payers and Progress Association, Mr. Atkins (pre sident of the association) in the chair. The association has taken an active part in opposing the division of the municipality of Book-wood, into wards, and the members, of the association ap pointed to' collect signatures to the petition against such division reported that they had already secured 162 signatures to the counter petition. It was decided that the petition be at once forwarded to the Governor!. There was bnt a small gathering at the Y.M.C.A. HalL Pitt- street, yesterday evening, on the occasion of a benefit concert and recital in aid of a distressed -lady and family. The chief feature of the programme was the recital of Tennyson's poem ' Enoch Arden' by the Eev. S. S. Fielding. The recital was interspersed with songs rendered by a number of ladies and gentle men, who kindly volunteered their services. The usual weekly concert in connection with the Mariners* Bethel, Circular Quay, on Wed nesday evening took the'formof a service of song, entitled *' John Tregenoweth,' which was ren dered by the choir and band connected with the Alexandria and Waterloo' mission, and about 39 performers under the conductorship of Mr. Mes senger. The Eev. J. Bennett presided. The solos were rendered by Mr. 3. M. Maine. Tattersali's are the only genuinely successful con sultations in the colony.1— 0. Spring, Eandwick, August 27— 25,000 at 10; also, Bawkesbnry Grand, Hawkesbury, Sept. 3— 10,000 at 10\. Now open and filling rapidly. Address, 'Tat- ) eraall,' o.o. Q. Adams, Pitt-st.— 0. At the quarter sessions to-day a young man named Ernest Barrows pleaded guilty on arraignment to a charge of maliciously injuring three glass windows, the property of the trustees of the St. Joseph's Investment and Building Society, to the extent of -£16, and was remanded for sentence. The Early Closing Association at Bowral held a meeting of shop assistants on Tuesday night to consider how to cause early closing to be ob served by all establishments in town. It was decided to invite the storekeepers to meet seven of their number in conference to settle the hours of closing. At Braidwood Eobert Jobson was committed for trial on a charge of cattle-stealing. The Mayor of Braidwood and Alderman Hig gins have been appointed delegates to represent the Braidwood Municipality at the forthcoming Municipal Conference in Sydney. Arbor Day will be celebrated at Chatsworth School, in the Maclean district, on Saturday. Official information has been received. ' by the secretary of the Lower Clarence Agricultural Society that the Minister, in response to an appli cation made by the society, has approved national prizes of £30 and JB20 being offered for the best cultivated sugar cane farm on the North Coast. The Eev. E. J. Moxon, who has been appointed from the Lower Clarence to the incumbency of Tenterfield, is to be presented with aa address and a parse of sovereigns prior to his leaving the district for his new charge. Two loads of wool from Kiacatoo, the first of th6 season, passed through Condobolin yesterday for Sydney, via Cowra. Wednesday's Customs receipts amounted to .£8874. Mr. John Macfarlane, M.L.A., has completed a tour through his constituency. He addressed large meetings at Palmer's Island and Palmer's Channel on Tuesday, and was accorded a unani mous vote of confidence at each place. A young man named Tame, residing in West Maitland, had one of his arms fractured on Tues day at Denton Park Coal Mine, through a fall of conglomerate. He is now in the Maitland Hospital. Walter Thomas Corney and Josiah William Keeble have been elected as aldermen of the Wilcannia Municipality, vice Messrs. Mathers and Keeble, resigned. In connection with the Arbor Day celebration at Wagga on Friday a demonstration will be held. / The Newcastle dairymen have formed them selves into a. society called the Newcastle and District Eegistered Dairymen's and Milkvendors' Association, for the purpose of bringing their grievances officially under the notice of the Board of Health. The new bridge over the Minnamurra Eiver, at Kiama, was opened for traffic on Wednesday. Argument was concluded in Melbourne on Wed nesday on a question of appointing a guardian for the little heiress Kathleen Porves Macpherson, who is at present residing with Mr. and Mrs. J. L. Parves, at East Melbourne. The child's stepfather, Mr. iiartcn, is endeavoring to obtain possession of the child. An order was made that the custody of the child should be given to Mr. Barton because of a testamentary desire of the mother. A stay of proceedings for seven days was granted. Sir George Grey intends moving an amend ment in the New Zealand House of Representa tives to the Land Bill providing for the exemp tion of all improvements from taxation. An important despatch has been received by Governor Kintore from Lord Knutsfotd, who had been interviewed by Lord Onslow relative to the exercise of the prerogative in reprieving prisoners for capital offences. The Secretary of State for the Colonies decided that the Governor cannot act excepting upon the. advice of the Executive Coun cil. Alderman See, in conjunction with the Mayor of Maclean, has been appointed representative to attend the Municipal Conference in Sydney. Provisional directors have been appointed for the establishment of a butter factory at Brush grove. At the last meeting of the Moss Vale Council plans and estimates were received from Mr. Barling for the water supply. The main reservoir at the Wingecaribbee Eiver, with a capacity of 20,000,000gal, and a service reservoir to hold 500,000gal, were estimated to cost .£14,000. .The matter is to be considered by a special meeting of the council. The annual University examination will be held in the Lyceum Hall, Newcastle, on Septem ber i2. A single woman, named Myra Lewis, 23 years of age, died on Wednesday afternoon at her resi dence, No. 63 Macquarie-street south. On Satur day night the woman, who is said to have been of intemperate habits, fell downstairs. Although she complained of severe bodily pain she would not see a doctor, and gradually became worse, until death ensued on Wednesday. Arbor Day for Eockdale and Arncliffe pubiic schools will be celebrated at Arncliffe Park on Saturday afternoon. Trees will be planted, and about 900 children regaled with refreshments, and sports of various kinds for prizes will take place. The school board has invited the parents of the children to be present. During the afternoon an excellent programme of music will be rendered by the band of the Second Eegiment. Mr. Thomas Stapleton, for many years dis t-enser at Darlinghurst Gaol Hospital and St. Vincent's Hospital, died on Tuesday, at his resi dence in Womerah Avenue, Darlinghurst. The deceased gentleman, who was very popular and well liked, was only ill for a short time, death re sulting from diabetes and Bright's disease. The Grafton lodge of Ancient Foresters cele brated its 29th anniversary on Tuesday evening by a social. * The Caledonian Society's annual ball on Tues day night at Grafton, was a great succesB, SO couples being in attendance. Mr. P. H. Morton, M.L.A., addressed his con stituents in the School of Arts Hall, Berry, last night. There were a good many electors present, who gave the member a patient and attentive hearing. At the close of the address the member was accorded a unanimous vote of confidence. At the usual meeting of the Star of Peter sham Lodge of Druids, at the lodge-rocm, Town Hall, Crystal-street, Petersham, there was a good attendance of members, and official visits were received from the Eoyal Standard, Lord Nelson, and Eose of Annandale lodges. Two candidates were admitted. On business being resumed the correspondence was dealt with, and several accounts were passed for payment. Business being all gone through, the lodge weut into harmony, when a most enjoyable evening was spent. 