OUR NOVEL. NADA THE LILY. By H. RIDER HAGGARD. COPYRIGHT, 1891, BY H. RIDER HAGGARD. [All Rights Reserved.] CHAPTER X. (Continued.) THE TRIAL OF MOPO. For a short while Chaka watched me, smiling. Then he spoke slowly, that the fire might find time to do its work. "Say, then, Mopo, thou knowest noth- ing of this matter of the birth of a son to thy sister Baleka?" "I know this only, O king!" I answer ed, "that a son was born in past years to thy wife Baleka, that I killed the child according to thy word, and laid its body before thee." Now, my father, the steam from my flesh had been drawn from my hand by the heat and the flame got hold of me and ate into my flesh, and its torment was great. But of this I showed no sign upon my face, for I knew well that if I showed sign or uttered cry, then, having failed in the trial, death would be my portion. Then the king spoke again: "Dost thou swear by my head, Mopo, that no son of mine was suckled in thy kraals?" "I swear it, O king! I swear it by thy head," I answered. And now; my father, the agony of the fire was such as may not be told. I felt my eyes start forward in their sockets, my blood seemed to boil within me, it rushed into my head, and down my face there ran two tears of blood. But yet I held any hand in, the fire and made no sign, while the king and his councillors watch ed me curiously. Still, for a moment, Chaka said nothing, and that moment seemed to me as all the years of my life. "Ah!" he said, at length, "I see that thou growest warm, Mopo! Withdraw thy hand from, the flame. I am answered: thou hast past the trial; thy heart is clean; for had there been lies in it the fire had given them tongue, and thou hadst cried aloud, making thy last music, Mopo!" Now I took my hand from the flame, and for awhile the torment left me. "It is well, O king!" I said calmly. "Fire has no power of hurt on those whose heart is pure." But as I spoke I looked at my left hand. It was black, my father-black as a charred stick, and the nails were gone from the twisted fingers. Look at it now, my father; you can see, though my eyes are blind. The hand is white, like yours -it is white and dead and shrivelled. These are the marks of the fire in Chaka's hut-the fire that kissed me many, many years ago; I have had but little use of that hand since this night of torment. But my right arm yet remained to me, my father, and, ah ! I used it. "It seems that Nobela, the doctoress, who is dead, lied when she prophesied evil on me from thee, Mopo, said Chaka again. "It seems that thou art innocent of this offence, and that Baleka, thy sister, is innocent, and that the song which the Mother of the Heavens sang through the singing flames was no true song. It was well for thee, Mopo, for in such a matter my oath had not helped thee. But my mother is dead-dead in the flames with thy wives and children, Mopo, and in this there is witchcraft. We will have a mourning, Mopo, thou and I, such a mourning as has not been in Zululand, for all the people on the earth shall weep at it. And there shall be a 'smelling out' at this mourning, Mopo. But we will summon no witch-doctors, thou and I will be witch-doctors, and ourselves shall smell out those who have brought these woes upon us. What! shall my mother die unavenged-thou being inno- cent? Go forth, Mopo, my faithful ser- vant, whom I have honoured with the warmth of my fire, go forth !" and once again he stared at me through the reek of the flame, and pointed with his assegai to the door of his hut. CHAPTER XI. THE COUNSEL OF BALEKA. I rose, I praised the king with a load voice, and I went from the Intunkulu, the house of the king. I walked slowly through the gates, but when I was with- out the gates the anguish that came upon me because of my burnt hand was more than I could bear. I ran to and fro groaning till I came to the hut of one whom I knew. There I found fat, and having plunged my hand in the fat, I wrapped, it round with a skin and passed out again, for I might not stay still. I went to and fro, till at length I came to the spot where my huts had been. The outer fence of the huts yet stood; the fire had not caught it. I passed through the fence; there within were the ashes of the burnt hut-they lay ankle deep. I walk- ed in among the ashes; my feet struck upon things that were sharp. The moon was bright, and I looked ; they were the blackened bones of my wives and children. I flung myself down in the ashes in bitter ness of heart; I covered myself over with the ashes of my kraal and with the bones of my wives and children. Yes, my father, there I lay, and on me were the ashes, and among the ashes were the bones. Thus, then, did I lie for the last time in my kraal, and was sheltered from the frost of the night by the ashes of those to whom I had given life. Such were the things that befell us in the days of Chaka, my father; yes, not to me alone, but to many another also. I lay among the ashes and groaned with the pain of my burn, and groaned also from the desolation of my heart. Why had I not tasted the poison, there in the hut of Chaka, and before the eyes of Chaka? Why did I not taste it now and make an end? Nay, I had endured the agony; I would not give him this last triumph over me. Now, having passed the fire, once more I should be great in the land, and I wonld become great. Yes, I would bear my sorrows, and be- come great, that in a day to be I might wreak vengeance on the king. Ah! my father, there, as I lay among the ashes, I prayed to the Amatongo, to the ghosts of my ancestors. I prayed to my Ehlose, to the spirit that watches me- ay, and I even, dared to pray to the Umkulukulu, [The sole right of publication in West Aus tralia has been purchased by the proprietors.] the great soul of the world, who moves through the world unseen and unheard. And thus I prayed, that I might yet live to kill Chaka as he had killed those who were dear to rae. And while I prayed I slept, or, if I did not sleep, the light of thought went out of me, and I became as one dead. And while I lay thus there came a vision to me, a vision that was sent in answer to my prayer, or, perchance, it was a madness born of my sorrows. For, my father, it seemed to me that I stood upon the bank of a river great and wide. It was gloomy there, the light lay low upon the face of the river, but far away on the further side was a glow like the glow of a stormy dawn, and in the glow I saw a mighty bed of reeds that swayed about in the breath of the dawn, and out of the reeds came men and women and children, by hundreds and tens of hundreds, and plunged into the waters of the river and were buffeted about by the waters. Now, my .father, all the people that I saw were black people, and all the people that were torn out of the reeds were black--there were none of them white like your people, my father, for this vision was a vision of the Zulu race, who alone are "torn ont of the reeds." Now, I saw that of those who swam in the river some passed over very quickly and some stood, as it were, still in the water-as in life, my father, some die soon and some live for many years. And I saw the countless faces of those in the water, among them were many that I knew. There, my father, I saw the face of Chaka, and near him was my own face ; there, too, I saw the face of Dingaan, the prince, his brother, and the face of the boy Umslopogaas and the face of Nada, my daughter, and then it was for the first time that I knew that Umslopogaas was not dead, but only lost. Now, I turned in my vision, and looked at that bank of the river on which I stood. Then I saw that behind the bank was a cliff, mighty and black, and in the cliff were doors of ivory, and through the doors came light and the sound of laughter ; other doors were there also, black as though fashioned with coal, and through them came darkness and the sounds of groans. I saw this also, that in front of the doors was set a seat, and on the seat was the figure of a woman glorious to see. She was tall, and she alone was white, and clad in robes of white, and her hair was like gold which was molten in the fire, and her face shone like the mid- day sun. Then I saw that those who came up out of the river stood before the woman, the water yet running from them, and cried aloud to her. "Hail, Inkosazana-y-Zulu! Hail, Queen of the Heavens !" Now, the figure of the glorious woman held a rod in either hand, and the rod in her right hand was white and of ivory, and the rod in her left hand was black and ebony. And as those who came up before her throne greeted her, so she pointed now with the wand of ivory in her right hand, and now with the wand of ebony in her left hand. And with the wand of ivory she pointed to the gates of ivory, through which came light and laughter, and with the wand of ebony she pointed to the gates of coal, through which came blackness and groans. And as she pointed, so those who greeted her, turned, and went some through the gates of light and some through the gates of blackness. Presently, as I stood, there came up a handful of people from the bank of the river. I looked on them and knew them. There was Unandi, the mother of Chaka, there was Anadi, my wife, and Moosa, my son, and all my other wives and children, and those who had perished with them. They stood before the figure of the woman, the Princess of the Heavens, to whom the Umkulukulu has given it to watch over the people of the Zulu, and cried aloud, " Hail, Inkosazana-y-Zulu ! Hail!" Then she, the Inkosazana, pointed with a rod of ivory to the gates of ivory ; but still they stood before her, not moving. Now the woman spoke for the first time, in a low voice that was sad and awful to hear - "Pass in, children of my people, pass in to the judgment. Why tarry ye? Pass in through the gates of light." But still they tarried, and in my vision Unandi spoke : "We tarry, Queen of the Heavens-we tarry to pray for justice on him who murdered us. I, who on earth was named Mother of the Heavens, on be- half of all this company, pray to thee, Queen of the Heavens, for justice on him who murdered us." " How is he named ?" asked the voice that was low and awful. " Chaka, king of the Zulus," answered the voice of Unandi. "Chaka, my son." " Many have come to ask for vengeance on that head," said the voice of the Qneen of the Heavens, "and many more shall come. Fear not, Unandi, it shall fall. Fear not, Anadi and ye wives and child- ren of Mopo, it shall fall, I say. With the spear that pierced thy breast, Unandi, shall the breast of Chaka be also pierced, and, ye wives and children of Mopo, the hand that pierces shall be the hand of Mopo. As I guide him so shall he go. Ay, I will teach him to wreak my ven- geance on the earth ! But say, ye slaught- ered of Chaka, what shall that vengeance be to the vengeance that I shall work here in my own place? Pass in, children of my people-pass in to the judgment, for the doom of Chaka is written." Thus I dreamed, my father. Ay, this was the vision that was sent me as I lay in pain and misery among the bones of my dead and in the ashes of my kraal. Thus it was given me to see the Inkosa- zana of the Heavens as she is in her own place. Twice more I saw her, as you shall hear, but that was on the earth and with my waking eyes. Yea, thrice has it been given to me in all to look upon that face that I shall now see no more till I am dead, for no man may look four times on the Inkosazana and live. Or am I mad, my father, and did I weave these visions from the woof of my madness? I do not know, but it is true that I seemed to see them. I woke when the sky was grey with the morning light; it was the pain of my burnt hand that woke me from my sleep or from my stupor. I rose shaking the ashes from me, and went without the kraal to wash myself from the defilement. Then I returned, and sat without the gates of the Emposeni, waiting till the king's women, whom he named his sisters, should come to draw water according to their custom. At last they came, and, sitting with my kaross thrown over my face to hide it, I looked for the passing of Baleka. Presently I saw her; she was sad-faced, and walked slowly, her pitcher on her head. I whispered her name, and she drew aside behind an aloe bush, and, making pretence that her foot was pierced with a thorn, she lingered till the other women were gone by. Then she came up to me, and we greeted one another, gazing heavily into each other's eyes. "In an ill day did I hearken to you, Baleka," I said, "to you and to the Mother of the Heavens, and save your child alive. See now what has sprung from this seed ! Dead are all my house, dead is the Mother of the Heavens-all are dead-and I my- self have been pot to the torment by fire," and I held out my withered hand towards her. "Ay, Mopo, my brother," she answered, "but flesh is nearest to flesh, and I should think little of it were not my son Umslo- pogaas also dead, as I have heard but now." "You speak as a woman, Baleka. Is it, then, nothing to you that I, your brother, have lost-all I love ?" "Fresh seed can yet be raised up to you, my brother, but for me there is no hope, for the king looks on me no more. I grieve for you, but I had this one alone, and flesh is nearest to flesh. Think you that I shall escape? I tell you nay. I am but spared for a little, then I go where the others have gone. Chaka has marked me for the grave; for a little while I may be left, then I go : he does but play with me as a leopard plays with a wounded buck. I care not, I am weary, but I grieve for the boy ; there was no such boy in the land. Would that I might die swiftly and go to seek him." "And if the boy is not dead, Baleka, what then?" "What is that you said?" she answered, turning on me with wild eyes. "Oh, say it again-again, Mopo! I would gladly die a hundred deaths to know that Um- slopogaas yet lives." "Nay, Baleka, I know nothing. But last night I dreamed a dream," and I told her all my dream, and also of that which had gone before the dream. She listened as one listens to the words of a king when he passes judgment for life or for death. " I think that there is wisdom in your dreams, Mopo," she said at length. " You were ever a strange man, to whom the gates of distance are no bar. Now it is born in upon my heart that Umslopogaas still lives, and now I shall die happy. Yes, gainsay me not ; I shall die, I know it. I read it in the king's eyes. But what is it ? It is nothing, if only the prince Umslopogaas yet lives." "Your love is great, woman," I said; " and this love of yours has brought great woes upon us, and it may well happen that in the end it shall all be for nothing, for there is an evil fate upon us. Say now, what shall I do ? Shall I fly, or shall I abide here, taking the chance of things ?" "You must stay here, Mopo. See, now! This is in the king's mind. He fears because of the death of his mother at his own hand-yes, even he ; he fears lest the people should turn on him who killed his own mother. Therefore, he will do this: he will give it out that he did not kill, her, but that she perished in the fire which was called down upon your kraals, by witchcraft; and, though all the men know the lie, yet none shall gain- say him. As he said to you, there will be a smelling ont, but a smelling out of a different sort, for he and you shall be the witch-finders, and at that smelling out he will give to death all those whom he fears, all those whom he knows hate him for his wickedness and because with his own hand he slew his mother. For this cause then, he will save you alive, Mopo-yes, and make you the great in the land, for if, indeed, his mother died through witchcraft, as he shall say, are you not also wronged with him, and did not your wives and children also perish by witch- craft? Therefore do not fly ; abide here and become great-become great to the great end of vengeance, Mopo, my brother. You have much wrong to wreak ; soon you will have more, for I, too, shall be gone, and my blood also shall cry for vengeance to you. Hearken, Mopo. Are there not other princes in the land ? What of Dingaan, what of Umhlángana, what of Umpanda, brothers to the king ? Do not these also desire to be kings? Do they not day by day rise from sleep feeling their limbs to know if they yet live ? Do they not night by night lie down to sleep not knowing, if it shall be their wives that they shall kiss ere dawn or the red assegai of the king? Draw near to them, my brother; creep into their hearts and learn their counsel or teach them yours; so in the end shall Chaka be brought to that gate which your wives have passed, and where I also am about to tread." Thus Baleka spoke and she was gone, leaving me pondering, for her words were heavy with wisdom. I knew well that the brothers of the king went heavily and in fear of death, for his shadow was ever on them. With Panda, indeed, little could be done, for he lived softly; speaking always as one whose wits are few. But Dingaan and Umhlangana were of another wood, and from them might well be fashioned a kerrie that should scatter the brains of Chaka to the birds. But the time to speak was not now ; not yet was the cup of Chaka full. Then, having finished my thought, I rose, and, going to the kraal of my friend, I doctored my burnt hand, that pained me, and as I was doctoring it there came a messenger to me summoning me before the king. I went in before the king, and prostrat ed myself, calling him by his royal names; but he took me by the hand and raised me up, speaking softly. "Rise, Mopo, my servant!" he said. " Thou hast suffered much woe because of the witchcraft of thine enemies. I, I have lost my mother, and thou, thou hast lost thy wives and children. Weep, my counsellors, weep, because I have lost my mother, and Mopo, my servant, has lost his wives and children, by the witchcraft of our foes !" Then all the counsellors wept aloud, while Chaka glared at them. "Hearken, Mopo !" said the king, when the weeping was done. " None can give me back my mother; but I can give thee more wives, and thou shalt find children. Go in among the damsels who are reserv- ed to the king, and choose thee six; go in among the cattle of the king, and choose thee ten times ten of the best ; call upon the servant's of the king that they build up thy kraal greater and fairer than it was before! These things I give thee freely ; but thou shalt have more, Mopo yea! thou shalt have vengeance ! On the first day of the new moon I summon a great meeting, a bandhla of all the Zulu people : yes, thine own tribe, the Langeni, shall be there also. Then we will mourn together over out woes ; then, too, will we learn who brought these words upon us. Go now, Mopo, go ! And go ye also, my counsellors, leaving me to weep alone because my mother is dead !" Thus, then, my father, did the words of Baleka come true, and thus, because of the crafty policy of Chaka, I grew greater in the land than ever I had been before. I chose the cattle, they were fat ; I chose the wives, they were fair ; but I took no pleasure in them, nor were any more chil- dren born to me. For my heart was like a withered stick; the sap and strength had gone out of my heart-it was drawn out in the fire of Chaka's hut, and lost in my sorrow for those whom I had loved. (To be continued.) 