THE LIFE OF SUNKEN SHIPS. The ships which founder iii tho deep sea doubtless remain for centimes as monuments of the strange doings of the masterful creatures of the land Whatever the attitude of the craft when it is overwhelmed by the waters, it is likely tliat a moment after it des cends below their surface, it rights it self, assuming the position it occupies iv lien sailing m quiet waters. . The weight of the ballast necessar ilvbrin # it mto th,s position. In this attitude the vessel falls steadfastly, but not torn' 8 T^ r' lmtil h strites «"> bot tom. It may require in the average depth of the sea, which is about tlirfe nules, a quarter of an hour or more Sl T,?11, 0.1<ll1narib' laden wooden 'J ^essel hnds its long resting place. Tho blow with wliich it comes upon tho sea-floor is not likely to dismast tho ^°f.S p 0r to wreck its hull; the shock sS3' Cf?mo?^loalu"d-likematerials tbS1 y3li t0 eive a Uttlo to * .' S!° *a?tlle violence of tho contact is diminished and the upright position and integrity of the ktdk is As s°on as the sunken }yieek is at rest we may imagine that it becomes tho subject of careful in qu.113 on the part of a host of hungry cieatures who await such windfalls from above. Penetrating the spices of tho hold they make avail of all that can serve them as food. Moro sWyoei-t^ufonu^ which bore in ««. liiitn +iwTT ° au tUo timbe: until the beams and plauks are re duced to mere shells. At the Sim« Sitanf °tf °^peci?S ,vii;dl Jwvethe abit of attaching their living skele tons to any fan, support, crust over and festoon with their bodies all tho external parts of the wreck, and serve to bind the frail structure togethor.In the pnjivsft rv-P it. * *, . +i c xiail ^"'ucture togefciior.In the course of time tlie fabric becomes a mere ghost of a ship, it holds to fpnrt °ni'>" Realise tlle ocean is per fectly motionless and its parts are Tn+bo UP "V ti1D- ,vator ahout tliem. lJi the coupe of time the weight of l!=tmcrllstatl0:u. increases so that" at ? st some part is borne down, and through the shock wliich this cauTe, iXdui°WAV0liC1Uaj'at once meIt 2°"S; W° T'St C0Uc0've asome ^ hat different rate for the modern non ships which Jiud their last haven ru the quiet waters of the ocean-floor. will fnlf, 1P they ^faU swiftly and strike with gieatex violence on the bottom. Thev are, on this account, more likely to be ruined by tho last blow thev aro to leceive. Moreover their iron" sides and beams afford no food to the marine animals ; nevertheless they « i° attacked by tho sea waters, and their decay probably proceeds so Stffc ""'J ii-le oi'-'twtntive energy of their metallic parts is so Kreat that they more quickly fall into rains,' which can hardly bo as picturesque It faT0 ifft]1?fol1der tyi10 °f vessels. It ib doubtfid if tho wrecks of any of the nien-or-war wliich have foundered at sea nil] hold together for fifty } ears, while those sunk dm-intr the action of Trafalgar may endure for grilu semWfince of lil-oUfnl^'i ."-! i(Ioa that soil's aro Jikel} to be buried m the accumida ?ea floor0, foruiinS 011 tbe deeper sea-llooi, i ests upon a mistakon con 3'-1 ?° '!,u sl)ee<1 with which f,n,U"t1U1ai'° ,'lon"11 ata distance lom the shore. These Jdeposits of the open occaus are so slowly made that we must decree it excessive to suppose that a depth of a single inch can be formed m a thousand years. It -U T Ci,!5e' save noar the the «1 imm'11' V1 ? 1-ai:° l)laces where the showers of volcanic waste brine an unusually large amonut of detri tus, can a slni> be buried in the ac cumulatmg strata so as to be pro sei-veil in a recognisable form. If the creatures of the far future, to whom it may bo given to scan the locks which are now forming and are 1,0 up1'fled into dry land, aiotohud at race of their remote ancestors in tho deposits, they will secure it, not by finding tho hulks of great vessels, probably not from tho bones of men or tho common imple ments which serve thein in seafaring but irom the objccts composed of glass, or more likely those made of the rarer metals, such as gold and platinum. Of the vast wreckage of an iron warship such as the Captain, which sank m the Bay of Biscay, tho h ilk, great guns, shot, and shell, tho timber and all the forms of its crew will probably; disappear before they st£t^ tm t}\° s?°^* gathered strata. The geological remainder w ill perhaps be the coal of her fuel store, tho gold of the watches and ti inkets and the massive glass objects which abound in such a ship : in all but a small, and little indicative, part of ivhafc iveut to the bottom of the sea wiicn tlic vessel foundored. -Scribner'* 3/m/aziiie. ri lie St. Jtuuts's Gazette says:-If wo still drank Spanish, 'wines Ave might yot lnako tlio mistake that Mr Henderson, tlio Uritish. Consul at Cadiz, lately fell into. Iii one of the largest cellars in the sherry country ho tasted two samples, each of thorn. bo delicious that he could not tell which was the better. Indeed ho could have Leon happy with oither. It was then pointed out to him that the one wine was worth £50 the butt, while the other was a much "faked " wine, intended to be! sold to a steamship company at" 4 Ad 'a quart! The cheaper wine must have been very artfully sophisticated to impose to that extent upon an expert, lint the day of artificial wines is com ing upon lis rapidly. Although only two marshalls of France survive, namely, Marshal MacMahon and Marshal Canrobort, there are several widows of officers of this rank still living. , The, Marechale Niel resides in retirement atChaiubery. The Marechale Leboeuf lives iu Nor inamh'. The .MarCehalo do Saiut Axuaiid spends 'most of the . year at Areaeliou. The Marechale liandon has been settled for a long time at the Chateau d'Tsniier, near Grenoble. The ex-Ma rechale Bazaine is with her daughters in Mexico, while the Mare chale Pelissier, Duehess de Malakoff, passes most of her time in Paris. A romantic marriage took pilnce at 1 Pvulillotown, near Dovpliestev. Tlie i bride had not seen the Ivndegroom. I for 20 years, and the Ivuras wove pulj llislied and the marriage arranged I without any interview between t,Ua 1 parties. 