'HOW SHALL WE DECIDE THIS QUESTION?' Now, which it. the worse— to have no appetite for your dinner, or have no dintur for uour appetite f There are lots of pooplo on tho ono sido or tho other of this quoution. Whon 'good digestion waits on appetito and health on .uuvu, duab ' in buu luut&i; nbbituue ox a poraon towards his meals. But most of us are not bleaaad in that way ; we either have too muoh food without an appetite, or a vigorous appe tite without enough to satisfy it. Different folk will answer this question differently, yet the common sense of it is that, within reason able limits, it ia hotter to have an appotite without a dinnor, because, short of the starva tion line, a hungry man is a healthy man; whereas a man who ought to oat and dooen't fool liko eating, stands in need of ' alterations To illustrate. We rccontly rocoivod a com munication in which the writor saya, ' I was afraid to eat.' Did ho fauoy hia food was poisoned, or did his nature robel against tho nourishment lived on? If the latter, why? Lot him clear tho myatory himself. Ho aaya, ' In the year 1889 I changod my work from riilway portor to signalman. I had beon signalman twolvo mouths, and then all at onoo, bo to spoak, I did not fool myself. My mouth tasted bad, bo that ordinary, articles of diot soomod to lose thoir flavor ; tho palate, to put it in that way, appeared to havo nothing to say to thorn. One thing was like another, and nono was good. My tongue wan coated and furrod, with a dark line down tha middlo and yellow fur round it. My broatli was offenaivo and my appetite poor, with pains through tho chest and »bonldors, which woro always right boforo I had oaten any thing. Thon I was greatly troublod with wind. It would gather so it folt liko a ball in my throat, and act as if it would choko me.' Wo cannot wonder that nnder those oir onmstances our friend failed to do justioo to his meals. Ho adds that there was what ho calls ' a pricking sensation ' at hia heart, us though it were touched with somo sharp instrument. Then, again, at times ho was attuokod with spasma, tho agony of which waa so severe that tho swoat 'rolled off him.1 'I droadod,' ho says, 'the thought of oating, and many a scanty meal have I mude, for I was afraid to eat. 'After a, timo I got into a low, weak, ner voub condition, and felt miserable, aa if some thing was going to happen, and thU oauaed me to lose a good doal of Bleep.' 1 What he mor.na by tho foar of ' something going to happen ' is, of. courso, tho fear of como calamity, such aa tho losa of hia posi tion, hia own death, or tbo death of somo body dear to him. This was duo, as ho intimatos, to tbo impoverished stato of his blood (tho lifo bearer), his unstrung nerves, and to tue brain orifceblod by laok of nourishment. The night of this form of lllnoss is always fnll of ghosts and goblins, the oroatnrea of a restless and ungovernod imagination. ' With groat difficulty,' ho says, ' I stuck to my work, for I had a wife and family de pending on me. So I strngglod on, but what I Buffered for two years ia past ray powers of deseription. I am sure no ona hat suffertd to much aa I have done.' , In the latter statomont he in undoubtedly wrong. Ono's awu pain is ono's own, and ia always harder to bear than is oue'a notion of hia neighbor's pain. Thoro is a countlesa mnltituqo who uro all tha while going through the aaino wretched experience, only we don't happen to como in touch with them. ' Woll, the writor finally mcntlona that after all medical treatment had loft hiui whoro it found him he chanced to rood in a book of a ooso ntir.tly likehit own having been oured by Mothor SoiKOl's Syrup. ' My wlfo,' ho Baya 'got mo a bottle at Mr. LangBtatt'ii, in Woodlesford, and aftor naiug its contonU tho ailment left mo and haa nevor roturnad slnon that fortunate day. I should like the whole world to know what it did for me. I bavo bfan omplo/ed by tha Midland Railway Com pany for elaven years. ISigned) ' Qxor.ar. Hunt, ' Car Bottom-rood, ' Apperloy Bridge, noar Leeds.' Wo publish thia by Mr. Hunt's deiire, in order that that part of tha world at least may know how thankful ho ia and for what reason. Tho Lilllo Brldsro Clnb will have tho uanal Woduosday night's pony-raoing this evou ing. The Brat front In timed tor 8.15, and ?poottl trami will b« available. 