SUNSHINE AFTER CLOUDS. ! ' ' | ft ( Copt.rr'ht . ) BY AS AID Author of Under a Spell," " Victoria ; Cross Valour," "cietice and Sin," " In Love With; ft-'- " Ghost," " lidemned to Death," Ac-.', lets CHAPTER VIII. j A rift in tub clouds. The warm, bright afternoon 'had given place to ft-, grey and gloomy evening as T started nil. my quest after General Ponthier. Tim wind had risen and was moaning, sadly amongst the dripping . trees... on. the Boulevards, whilst the drenching downpour and fitful gleams of .lightning had nearly emptied- the st reets of their pleasure seekers To, me, . this .. sudden quenching of sunlight and brightness was ' alt -lost welcome, for brilliancy, and gladness are distasteful to a miud overloaded with care and anxiotv, and indeed I imagine that most men are selfish enough to sneer at the happiness of others v.-!ieri they themselves cannot, reach it. 1 was now invading a part of Paris which .to me . was forbidden ground. But a feeling of reckless-, ness or irritation prevented my experiencing those conscientious scruples which had heretofore confined . iiiv footsteps to a more limited and less aristocratic quarter than the one I was now treading. Much of this defiant state of mind was due to the fact th it Dubosque, the man I felt tlie deepest friend ship for, had taken such an adverse view of my conduct towards Julie as to almost openly brand rne as a scoundrel. \- It Avas -liard work to discover the residence of; -' General Ponthier, but after an hour's constant :in<piiry,«iywas at last directed . aright, and soon in I .the ;9nisf action of s.tajjding before Jus.dpor., ! u . ilisapppihtment dogged liiy footsteps, . for the . a iciy/iiiformed me that the General would , nob tie, ' o ue until very late that night. As: it was abso- u -ly necessary to 'find a second' before another' t.v nty-four hours hall elapsed, I wrote a note in- . ;.r iducingjinyself.asit.be.SiOii pf an ; old. friend,, and ex-ilai iiiiig.the reasons \Yliich 'induced 'me to . apply I to hiiri. Hairing sealed, This' and" delivered it to tlie niaiu 'I slowly dbscetiiieVl the' steps,' arid madiv my way to -a ' restaurant j vfhere'I diiied; and theii.1 an id -a si-izedjino that I ..could, not get rid of ,tlie time better than by going to the theatre.. , As I left, the restaurant, I found it still raining', and tlie night dark and uncomfortable. But good dinner had dispersed my moodiness and ' ni-uleTme look atrtbibrighter side ol' nature, and aalieipnte thertiin'oAvlFn I sliouid be free to dejiart Si id seek out Ethel for my bride. Engrossial by ... these, .pleasing, thoughts, Ir disdained . ro_ r.U.li:, ....tiit ; lYilhiwedthestreain-ofchrriages-oii foot., a and Jiiially rti '-brilliant -lights- of -tlie Gymuas.e..t!h3Atre_giitic<__ Hie iil. , ; . ; i . I idle- 3 f await," ft cleyeriaikl amusing farce,- was t.eing performed to an eiitlnisiastic audience; who thundered forth' theireapplause at Hie close of - the first ihet;-. ,... I had been. sufficiently amused to join in tlie ovation, but, as iirvariably, happened when- f ever. I began to enjoy myself, the pale face of Ethel Brandon seemed to tliriist itself between me aiul perfect enjoyment. I left off applauding, and bowed my head in profound sorrovv for some moments. Le Maitre's bullet in all probability xvould effectually prevent my ever seeing her sweet young . face again, but I took' consolation in thinking that : she: would know I liad always been true, and liad gone to my death rather than wed another. The fit of dejection passed away, and, with a s'gh, I raised my head aud wliiled aAvay .the time in scrutinising my fellow-men. Naturally, my eyes sought the galaxy of beauty avIio shone re splendent above me in " gleam of satin and glimmer of pearls." Many a fair daughter of France "passed ia review before my admiring gaze, yet I inspected them much in the same Avay as I Ayould any beautiful statue, for their, rippling smiles and soft graces had no power to evoke the least emotion of delight. I was3 about to direct my languid inspection towards the occupants of the lower tiers, when a . glimpse of a pair of earnest, deep blue eyes drove lisAcssnoss away and sent the blood surging through my heart with painful rapidity. Up there, to my left, was a sweet image— a living reproduc tion of Ethel Brandon ! Once before I had deceived . myself into believing that 1 had seen her drive past me in company Avith Dubosque. Was that beautiful girl I waS now ardently gazing at as unreal as she whom I had seen in the Chaussee d'Antin, and Avas I only looking at a material projection of my intense thoughts — my burning wishes ? At last the agony of doubt became insupportable. I rose from my seat, and, regardless of angry ex clamations at my bad taste in leaving whilst the actors were holding the audience spellbound with their pathos, pushed my way brusquely, past the people, gained the corridor, 3nd ascended the 6taircase. A douceur induced the attendant to un lock a door, and I stood in the presence of Ethel . Brandon ! Tlie slight noise made by my entrance caused her to turn her head, and, as I stood in the shadow, she did not immediately recognise me, but the moment I exclaimed " Ethel," in a voice broken., with emotion, she .started up, aud seizing my hands, looked long and earnestly in my face. " Gerald ! ." she at last exclaimed in a -voice ringing with pas sionate delight. Then, overcome with excitement, she sank hack on her seat. Ah ! The tones of those accents went through me s never did human, voice before ! They penetrated to the inmost recesses of my mind, and told me that the world contained a being whose heart beat in sympathy with mine, and whose affection was still centred in a man whose life hitherto had been one of darkness and despair. Totally pre-occupied with Ethel, I was barely conscious of being welcomed by her brother, and I only heard his eager questions concerning myself as if in a dream. Joy had so silenced my tongue that beyond uttering her name I had not as yet addressed to her a single sentence explanatory of my presence. When the violence of my emotion commenced to subside, I began to feel the necessity of giving a brief account of my wanderings since the night I left my uncle's house. I had just uttered a few Avords when a new arrival interrupted the recital. I started violently as I caught the sound of his voice greeting Jack Bran don. At the same moment Ethel gently disengaged her hand from mine, and rose from her seat, say-, ing, "You are late, Monsieur de Dijonnais ; the play is nearly over." " I grieve over the misfortune," answered the new comer, " not because I have lost some superb acting, but because I have missed one golden hour of your society." I felt that the man was not uttering a mere well- bred compliment, for a certain subtle tremor per vaded his voice, and I intuitively recognised it as the suppressed murmur of a passionate love. Heavens 1 How the blood rushed to my temples in an overwhelming wave of furious jealousy! I turned sharply round on the speaker, and, to my supreme astonishment, met the glittering eye of Dubosque ! The discovery was a staggering one, and for a few seconds neither of us spoke, although I am convinced that nothing would have pleased Dubosque more than to see me drop dead beneath the Avithering glance of hatred which he steadfastly directed at me. " You gentlemen appear to have met before ! " said Jack Brandon with a blundering attempt to avert what had every appearance of imminent hostilities. "We have!" answered Dubosque, recovering his presence of mind Avith marvellous celerity. But- as I do not wish to be in his society, 1 will.; with-; draw." Suiting the action to the word, lie rapidly passed through the door and disappeared. I stood rooted to the spot with indignation at the insulting tones of his voice, and a fierce, savage paroxysm of rage swept, over me, as a suspicion arose that President Dubosque bad purposely kept me a prisoner in order that lie might, as Monsieur de Dijonnais, have a clear field to win Ethel to himself. This suspicion became a certainty when I remembered hcav he-had assumed a perfect ignorance of' tlie Brandons'' exist- " euce, when he must have been on terms of intimacy with them during the greater part of my captivity. With something akin to mad fury at having been so thoroughly befooled, 1 called out to the retreating figure to stop, and then abruptly started in pursuit, hoping to overtake him before he. had quitted the theatre. But I only caught one glimpse of him, and that was as he was in the act of -getting into a cab. Hastily jumping into another, I directed .the driver to follow: at his topmost speed, but the ' lioise wa3 a wretched wont-out animal, who com pleted my discomfiture by falling and overturning .. Uiejveliicle. As soon as I could extricate ; myself froin-Ahe debris, J glanced around in search of my enemy, but alas, lie bad )rofited so well by my -accident that he had entirely disappeared! The cool night air had a calming effect upon my . nervous .system, but something allied to consterna- ; tidni; usurped the place of my former excitement as I remembered I had hurried from the theatre with- i .out obtaining Ethel's address! I looked at my ! w.itch ; it was much too late to hope to finH her . there still. However, I hastened back to the Gymnase. taking comfort in a A'ague idea that she and her brother might have lingered there in expec- ...t.itipn. of my re-appearanoe. But this last hope deserted me Avhen I arrived under the colonnade, for tlie doors Avere closed, and the place was dark and deserted. If I had been anxious to overtake Dubosque after his ignominious retreat, I now was doubly anxious ! to : meet .him, for he could give me the information v lis to Ethel's whereabouts, and, should he refuse to ! do so, I was so terribly in earnest that I was deter mined to Avring the secret from him at the sword's point. As I retraced my steps towards my chambers, . baffled rage gave place to a softer feeling of pleasure at knowing that Ethel was near me in this great cify/au'd that she had had the opportunity of seeing uiu alive and freed from the clouds which had sliadbAved .my intellect. This was the best of all consolations, and it had such an inspiriting effect upon/me, that I actually caught myself humming a favourite; Parisian air as I ascended the stairs of my lodging. On approaching the door of my sitting-room, the sound of restless footsteps warned me that I had a midnight visitor. I turned the handle, entered, and found myself ' confronted by Dubosque, who instantly ceased his perambulations and faced me with an expression of countenance I shall not readily forget. His eyes seemed actually to glare and flame with unbridled passion, Whilst bis tongue gave utterance to invectives of tlie Avildest, fiercest, ' most hyena-like savageness. " When you are calmer, I shall condescend to ask you a few questions," I at last exclaimed, anxious to put.ian end to the volley of abuse. "Condescend!" vociferated Dubosque. "Dare you in ploy such aword to me — you, who have broken your /jaroie? From this moment, I wash my bands of you, aud shall thi'OAV the responsibility- of your safe, custody upon the secret committee." "I refuse to be terrified any longer by your band of conspirators," I retorted. "And as to your -taunting-me with a breach of parole,' look well to yourself, for your conduct with regard to me ..and ... ; jthe Branilons; lias been one long flagrant violation of . the. code of honour." Strangely enough, instead of lashing my opponent' .into . a greater fury, my words seemed to calm him t dowii tb a'niood of aggressive cynicism. "You find it convenient to forget the conditions upon which ' you were permitted an almost unlimited freedom," he answered. "Let me remind you that you con sented to isolate yourself entirely from your friends." "But you knew that the Brandons were in Paris," I interrupted."' "You knew also that my sepava- , tiou from Ethel gave me unspeakable anguish. Ye! you could visit them daily, as far as I can gues ; without giving me a hint of her presence, withoiu otter i ng . to .convey a tender message. You found I 'convenient' to forget that Miss Brandon's affection are entirely mine. .. In this happy condition ( - -fprgetfulness, you deigned to fall in love with lu-. , yourself. Possibly on your declaration of love, sin may have reminded you of what I have dinned into you Avith wearisome iteration — that she and I wer. destined for one another. Then your fertile brais.- de viscid a neatly contrived plot, wherein I was t< fall into the toils of the gambling club and into the arms of Julie. Failing to ruin myself, or rush blindfold into matrimony with your charming Mademoiselle, you yet had one splendid trump care"! to play, and that was Le Maitre's unerring pistol ' You- see, Mons. Dubosque, that I am perfectly cognizant of the paramount necessity of getting ir. out of the way, and I think you have played youi cards so well that your success is certain. Bu! by heavens, if I survive your gambling friend's shot, -you shall meet me the instant after, and yoiu perfidious heart shall be rent by the man you ha,v< .betrayed under the guise of friendship. Gpnere i Ponthier Avill wait upon your seconds this very day.'. "Your imagination does you infinite credit," responded Dubosque with a sneer. "But it lacks one element — truth! » Allow me to ask why I shouli" deem your disgrace or death so necessary, when 1 have the inestimable happiness of being already engaged to the beautiful Miss Brandon ? Ethel ha pledged her word and will not break it, even if i. thousand Gerald Grays tempted her to do sp." The deliberate manner in which Dubosqm announced his engagement nearly succeeded in con vincing me that he spoke the truth. The news completely staggered me, and I had to grasp the table to prevent myself from falling. What a fool's paradise I had, after all, created for myself in nurs ing the conviction that Ethel's love for me would stand the test of absence ! Yet, in tlie time before the clouds descended on my brain, she had loved me so absorbingly that she often declared she \\\r;i: miserable when away from my society. Then when illness upset my mental balance her 'devotion ii possible redoubled. How then could I reconcile a!! this 'with Ethel's behaviour in so soon bestowing upon another man all the passionate devotion sin had once lavished upon me ? My whole nature ros. in rebellion against casting such a slur upon bei sweet, clinging disposition, and I therefore came t.c the conclusion that Dubosque was either coining falsehood to further his own nefarious ends, or thai he had forced her into an engagement by som. chicanery. : As all these reflections by turn agitated me, despaii became converted into disgust at the idea of Ethel .- life being influenced by the designing schemes o a scoundrel, who exhibited no compunction ior tin havoc and torture lie was preparing for her and me. Full of these thoughts, I poured out my- vials ol wrath upon him. "Monsieur Dubosque, or by Avhat- ever name you choose to be known, I have but one remark to make and it is that you have forced Miss. Brandon to pledge herself to you by uttering a falsehood." . " Heavhns, this is too much, even from you, Gerald Gray !" he exclaimed, white with passion. "I would have suffered much rather than cross swords with you, but- your last Avords have cut me off from all- escape, for no De Dijonnais can be. called a liar without iviping out the insult." "I have no intention of evading your wrath,'' 1 \- answered coolly. . , , "Apologise !" he resumed almost frantically. "Say that disappointed lo\"e has unhinged your mind, ana forced words from your lips Aid rich you regret in your calmer moments." " Do not compel nie to tight you," he continued in a voice vibrating Avitli pathos, "for of all living men you are the only one for whom I entertain a deep, brotherly affec tion ; for you I would do anything, except surrender her who lias interpenetrated my whole being Avith such passionate love, that her loss would make me curse God and die. Spare me, Gerald, ..and do not force one who' would., do you good to render you nothing but, evil." " Your standard of friendship and mine are as op posite as the poles are asunder," I replied sar castically, although I was secretly moved by his pathetic- protestations. "No perfect understanding caln exist amongst .men unless their actions arc above-board, and tlioir honour ; beyond suspicion. Tliis is the test- of true friendship. Assure me that y ur conduct Avill bear a rigid examination, a I will once more give you my hand and apologis--. for the ugly epithet I have thought fit to apply >> you." "You are mad to talk to me in this way," sail Dubosque, as a gleam of anger supplanted his softe. i'x ression. "You are a mere boy compared to mo both, in years and knowledge of the world. Throw us. l|v your; obdurate hatred and seek not to fasten u quarrel upon me because I am your successful rivnl. If you were ten years older you would have 'earned .to conceal the pique and annoyance which is gi awing at your heart-strings." Do not evade the question," I replied. "At th I present moment- I am waiting to hear your ex- ! : culpation." " Perhaps you will prem; your sincerity," i ! continued, "by informing me of the Brandons' -address." ' ' "Dn you not know it ? " he asked, with an air of i gemi-iie astonishment. ' I do not ! " avhs mv curt reply. ' "But surely you had plenty of time at the theatre- ' ' l<> exchange confidences with Ethel, and to form ! 'dans lor fytiire meetings ?" I ' Unfortunately, I had not been ia her society.' more than a few minutes when your entry and rapid- ; re treat urged me to follow you." 1 " Ciei ! " exclaimed Dubosque, with such a visible | lirighteningof countenance. that I a£:once pereiM\N'd Ejlnidexposed liiy hand, and that he. had ascertained its weakness. dd ! " he repeated. " But 1 do not. _ tliiok l aih called upon to furnish a discarded lover with the means of persecuting my bride-elect." r "Scoundrel!"! exclaimed, hoarse with passibn'. If you had a spark of manhood or of honour within you, you would be generous enough to feel .that, my — i only object in seeking Miss Brandon would be to ! assure myself of her happiness, and then to wisli : | her a cloudless future and a long farewell. If you ! are terrified at tlie reAuilsion of feeling my rcan- t pcarance may cause, it is a proof that you are | aware of possessing the slenderest hold, if any, upon Ethel's heart. 1 repeat once again that you are a man A'oid of honour, and a scoundrel to boot." j "1 am afraid I come at an awkward time ! " V j .suddenly exclaimed a voice from" the doorway, i Pray pardon my inadvertence, but I have im- I purl ant business with Mons. Gerald Gray." I advanced towards a tall soldierly looking old ct lit-leinan, and proclaimed my identity. \- 1 ought to have known you at once. You are a perfect likeness of my old Crimean-- friend." "All, General Ponthier!" 1 exclaimed, shaking his hand warmly. "This is kind of you to take so much trouble at so late an hour." "I lia\e the honour of wishing you adieu," broke in Dubosque, taking up his hat. ' Hay rather ' an revoir, ' " I returned haughtily. "Tim General will call upon you to explain my wishes.". ' V. I 'Dubtisque shrugged his shoulders, and;' without .. deigning a reply, quitted the apartment.. .!; I- ' 1 : .. "1 ani inclined tp think that - my timely arrival . has prevented a duel in. this' very room, and witlri out witnesses,"' saifl tlie! General; "But tell me now how I cari serve you." -' For over half-midicur ;I poured a detailed history : oF'.mv entanglements into; my friend's ear. - I ; con- " coaled nothing ironi lrini, ;not even the fact of my being the -prisoner of a rewolutionary' .society of - which Dubosque was the ' chief. When 1 had. i- linishcd.; the General first looked grave, and then- . . burst, into a hearty, laugh. - - : , - " You are the victim of as neatly laid' if scheme — as I have , ever heard of. The complicity of the Marquis :de Dijonnais, alias Dubosque, in the plot to assassinate, the President of the"; lb-public was suspected, but as -no proofs .were., forthcoming he escaped punishment, vvhilst his wretched dupes .were, condemned to long terms of penal - 'sorrotiufio. '> ' rftfeJ -S U detection of the gang of malefactors and their con viction took place about the time you \yere in tlie hospital of Ste Marie; hence Diibosque's assertion that he was appointed your Custodian ' waS . false;- ! ! for there were no conspirators, remaining to issue' .. such an order. He evidently traded .upon your fears , : \ to keep you from seeing Miss Brandon until she ' Avas trapped into marrying him. lie appears to be a most unscrupulous man, and I advise you to remove yourself from under his roof without delay.' ri : Do not- be oolish enough to insist upoq fighting him. Such a course would only thro\y. the game . into his hands by gi\ring him the coveted opportunity of committing a legal murder." r f I. g .".But' I aim 'pledged to meet him," I interposed; ; "No honourable man is bound to meet a: rogue," said tlie General. "He lias tricked jou for five ui long ni-mtlis, . and yet you refuse to be- satisfied' uuluss you give . liim.'.tiie Cliance of trumping Iris ' . tricks I Believe mo, you will be better ' able ''to " 1 frustrate his designs, upon Miss Brandon by di'sr appearing from the world for a. while, and watching , his every. .'movement . from t-lie security of your ' hiding-place. I will take upon myself to discover , ' the residence of your friends, and the task is not a difficult, one to those -who know anything, of our police regulations." "1 think you are right," I replied, after some consideration; "But Avliat am I to do with respect.; to Le Maitre ? " "Threaten to horseAvhip him if he dares to per petrate the insolence of sending you a cartel ! " " lie has already done so, and I liaAo only been waiting to secure' your services before replying- to ... ... ... " Do you think that I," General Ponthier, will figure j t. in a duel in which one. of tlie principals is the most noted "blackleg' in all Paris? People Avould say that I am in my dotage. Here, give me pen and ink, arid I will soon settle your account with this rascal! " The General fiercely seized on the Avritiiig materials, twirled his grey moustache, and wrote . rapdily for a few minutes. i "That : will effectually muzzle him," exclaimed ; my i'riendjtriumpliaiitly, as lie held up his letter. j " Now, j lay your hands upon any property you j wish to! take away,, and bid a final adieu to your r prison house." f My spirits rose as I passed into. :tho cool niglil; j air. i The.re was a quiet assurance in the General's j manner Sviiicb convinced' me that my trials iAvi-re j ovrvand -that 'before, long T should' be 'restored, Jto j- Efhel vice I)e Dijonnais defeated. - "r< >. j (To.be coiitiiiued.) 1, , : ! f \V|. Wit:— : " /" >. O, say what is wit, and resolve in a line j / What Dhilosophers covet, but cannot define ; ! j 'Tis a fetter at study, a letter in motion; ' A letter in iLauies will illustrate the notion ; , ' \ 'Tis a letter you'll find, too, that pours through the ; choir, ; J In cadence the hymns our devotions inspire. . ! Tub Unseen. — The graves of the best of men, of the noblest martyrs, are, like the graves of the" j Ilerrnh uters (the Moravian Brethren), level and undi&tingiiishable; from the mii\'ersal earth ; and, if the heart VAVOuld give of her secrets, our Avhole globe could appear a Westminster' Abbey laid fiat! Ah!- Avhat a multitude of tears, what myriads of bloody drops ha\e been :s!ied;-:'iii secrecy about the three corner trees of . earth--, tlie tree of life', the tree of knowledge, and the tree; of freedom— shed, but never reckoned! It is only: great ii'eriods of calamity that reveal to us our great | inen, as comets are. re vealed by total eclipses of the a ..sun. Not merely upon the field of : battle, but. alsbxi'i upon tlie consecrated soil of yiri.ue, iipon the classic irround of triith; thousands of nameless heroes, miit t fall and ..struggle .1q build up the footst'ooL ijroiii which history surveys. the one hero, Avhose name .is v- embalmod, bleeding,, conquering, and resplendent. The grandest or heroic deeds are those which are. performed within four walls and in domestic privacy ; and, bri&tuse; history only records the self- sacrifices 'of: the. maJe sex, and because she dips her pen only in blood, therefore is it than in the eyes of the unseen spirit; of the world our annals appear":' doubtless t'ar„more beautiful and noble than in onrf own.— -Jean Paul Bidder. . J Eiuiuisi'i'HS in A X ala.ce. — (.iieeii Glirist ina ot : Spain is carrying :out, to the intense disgust of her household, the reforms introduced by the late Duke d'Aosta, by which the viands coming from the Royal table are retained, instead of becoming the perquisites ; ' of soiwants, 'as' wills formerly the case. Wine, fruit, ., bonbons, pastry, and any dishes left, as well as . flowers and. wax candles used for the Sovereign's table, .never Avere allowed to appear again, and the result, was an appalling amount of waste. At the Austrian .. Court the custoiri of " perquisites" is still, iu full ; force, and it. js), difficult for anybody who has not seen this system at Avork to realise, what it really means. Some of .the servants are entitled f.o claiin . all the bottles bf wihS which lnive been uncorked' but not emptied; others, those which have been brought, up from the cellar but left untouched whilst the wine that remains in the glasses, after the guests have risen from dinner, is bottled up c arefully and. sold by the footmen. The court servants make open - traffic of the Imperial leavings, and the keepers of small hotels and restaurants buy from them fowl, ilsli, and flesh, not to mention pastry, bonbons, fruit, &c.; Many ladies belonging to the second-class society of Vienna come to tlie basement of the Hofburg to buy grand old ivines at a low price, and to get the finest cigars for their husbands, at a cost far b elbw What' they would have to pay for the cheapest Haivanas. V. Candles also are sold in great quantities by the servants. The Empress, having a positive horror of gas and electric light, forbids the use of any tiling but purest, wax to light up the palace, and it is very amusing to see the servants, to Avhom the half- j burnt candles belong by right, make a rush to blow them out the moment the last guest has walked out of the rooms. - - 