CHURCH INTELLIGENCE. The Bishop of Adelaide celebrated the Holy Communion in So. Peters Cathedral at 8 o'clock on Sunday morning, subsequent to which prayer was held, while at half-past 10 a choral celebration was held, and his lordship gave an address from St, John ivx. 2 verse. A memorial children's service was arranged for the afternoon, when the bishop again occupied the pulpit, and the representatives of the various Sunday-schools and institutions pre sented their offerings. In the evening Canon Green preached an eloquent sermon from Isaiah, 00 chap., 13 verse. On all occa sions there were large congregations present, while the choir, under the leadership of Mr. J. M. Dunn (organist), gave a fine rendering of the morning choral service, and also of the ''Hallelujahchorus," which closed the devo tions of the evening. The offerings which, with the amount of £30 promised by the bishop and the deacons on the condition that the total aggregated £1,000, amounted to £9SG lGs. 9d., wore contributed as follows:—Wednesday (St. Peter's Day), £1G3 0s. Gd.; Sunday, 8 o'clock service, £101 2s. 3d.; half-past 10.ser vice, £262 3s. lOd.; half-past 3 service, £258 lis. 9d.; evening service, £171 ISs. 5d. Among the offerings was one small nugget of gold. Owing to the fact that the Flinders-street Baptist Church is being renovated services were held in the Y.M.C A. Hall on Sunday morning and evening. The Rev. S. Mead preached on both occasions, the morning ser vice being in memory of the late Messrs. Hughes and W. Silver, both of whom had been members of the church. He referred to the earnest manner in which the latter had worked on behalf of the church, of which he was an elder for many 37ears. In the evening TVTi» TVTtnH fr»r»1r fr»r» lu«a frovfi <k Krtttrmrv f.lio Mr. Mead took for liis text "Sowing to the Spirit," and he pointed oub the complete contrast of this as against the sowing to the flesh. The sowiug to the Spirit meant deeds and conduct, and was not only in this life but in tlie life hereafter. The annual Home Mission services in con nection with the Kent Town Methodist Church were initiated on Sunday morning, when the Kev. C. T. Newman delivered a sermon, and gave some interesting details of mission work in the western districts and also along the Murray. He referred to the hardships of mis sionary life, and told of curious adventures among men whose habitual indifference had to be overcome before any impression could be made upon their better natures. However, the good work was being carried on with an encouraging amount of success, and the preacher exhorted those present to help it on still further with their support. In the evening the Rev. J. De Q. Robin, M.A., president of Horton College, Tasmania, preached before a laigt* congregation from Revelations, chap. 19, verse 32—"And on His head were many crowns." Introducing the account of the vision of which these words are part, he proceeded with an'explanation of their underlying meaning, continuing that the crowns represented the conquests and _ dominions of Christ. The Master gained victories over the minds of men, tlieir prejudices, sins, sorrows, death, and the powers of darkneES; while he held dominion over the nations and over the generations of the dead, and also over the angels and the whole creation. The rev. gentleman closed with an appeal to all to bring loyalty and love to the ehurcli and to Him who rules the uni verse from above. There was a large attendance at the Y.M.C.A. on Saturday evening, when the general secretary (Mr. J. J. Virgo) gave a report of the sixth Intercolonial Council of Australasian Y.M.C.A.'s recently held in Bris bane. The speaker made reference to the very cordial reception given to the visiting delegates. At the preliminary secretaries' conference some important items of business u ere discussed, and at the first general meeting Mr. Virgo was elected hon. secretary to the intercolonial council. _ Amongst the greetings that from Mr. Geo. Williams, the founder, was received wicli enthusiasm. The reports from the various associations in the colonies were very interest ing. Subjects such as "The duties of our boards," "Youngmen and their prejudices," "Active' members: their opportunities for service," "Work amongst boys,'1 "The Y.M.C.A. and the churches," " The importance of pbysieial development," &c.; j were brought forward and were fully dis- ; cussed. The heartiest interest was manifested, ! and the attendances were larger than at any ' previous conference. Mr. W. Hind Smith's ! paper on "Fifty years' work among young j men, or the rise and progress of the ! Y.M.C.A." imparted a great deal of informa- j tion, and reference was made to the approach- ' ing jubilee in 1S94. It was decided to invito , the national council to send leading Y.M.C. A. j men to visit the colonies on similar lines to [ that of Mr. Hind Smith, also to appoint corresponding secretaries in towns where associations did not exist. It was further resolved to invito the Rev, John MacNeil to visit Australia. Meetings by delegates were held at Ipswich, Newcastle, Sydney, and Mel bourne on the return trip. At the close of the meeting Mr. A. W. Fletcher, B.Se , was made the recipient of an address from the Christian workers of the Adelaide Y.M.G. A. on the oeca- ' sion of his leaving the colony, and suitably responded. A very large audience assembled in tho Theatre Royal on Sunday evening, when a ■ song service was conducted. The general sec- : retary of the Y.M.C.A. (Mr. J. J. Virgo) pre- : sided, and the numbers contributed were chosen from Sankey's collection and Mr. ' Granchan's male choruses. The meeting was a very successful one and secured the attention of all present. j A consecration meeting, conducted by the ' Rev. John Watsford, of Melbourne, waa held ' in the Pirie-street Wesleyan lecture-hall on ; Saturday evening, there being a good atten- < dance. Short addresses on "'Sanetifieation" were given by the Revs James Watsford, S. Mead, J. B. Stephenson, and J. R. Bradbury, and the meeting frequently joined in prayer. There were large congregations in the Fine- 1 street Church on Sunday, both morning- and evening, when Mr. Watsford preached re- : vivalistie addresses of a stirring character. He chose for his morning text "They were all filled with the Holy Ghost" (Acts, ii. 4). He remarked that the .Spirit took full possession of the Apostles, purging them frotn all sin, for its entrance was as a baptism of fire. When they were filled with the Holy Ghost they truly loved in a spiritual sense, while as to the power it gave them— 30,000 persons were converted in a single day. ' He asked, are we of to-day filled with the spi it of the,Holy Ghost also, and what will satisfy us of the present? Would the command or the promise of God be sufficient'! He then gave both t-'io piY-eu-0 a^c: the command, ' showing thai, we >■■ugi,;, possess this spirit. The rev. gout''mk-; then dealt with the time wLtu this could be received, : which is now-, for when Christ said " Any man who is athirst, let him come unto Me and drink," that meant at the present time. : liis second text was from Revelations, chapter o, verse 20, "Behold I stand at the door and knock,'' which he divided into two parts, deal- ; ing with the power Christ had and his wish to : save men's souls and the appropriate means U took to accomplish this end. The Master wac knocking,at the hearts of the unsaved, of the sinner, the backslider, and of the lukewarm pro- : fessor of faith. He knocked tenderly, patiently, ! lovingly. If the heart opened and the man surrendered his soul he was saved, and any might open the door because if they wished to do so nothing could stay them, but if they did not desire to do so nothing could compel them. Opening the door meant happiness and reciprocal delight. The revival meeting held after evening service was largely attended and very successful. j The Rev. J. R, G1 £sson delivered an address ' on ' Christ and the Toilers" in the North Adelaide Congregational Church on Sunday afternoon, deducing from the sayings of Christ 1 thatHehad full sympathy with the worker, and ' none with him who did not toil for the riches which he enjoyed. The text, " It is easier for i a camel to go through the needle's eye than for the rieh_ man to enter into the kingdom of ! Cod," signified that those who love riche3 will find it difficult to enter into the kingdom of the Lord, for the love of , riches js the most unlovable feeling which can ' exist in the human heart. Christ had been termed the leader of the labor party because ' He had instinctive sympathies with those who tailed hard. One of the greatest duties of the Church was to exalt true labor to its proper dignity, which was not now appreciated. | A -5,18 D0 plaee in tlle kingdom of God for the idler, and when we shall have realised the kingdom of God on earth then there will be no place on earthffor those who do not toil for the betterment of the world, in forwarding ' which end all can lend a helping hand. The aiding of this great movement should be, and would prove a toil which would make yet more pleasant all the days of the lives of those whe thus spent at least a portion of their time. The Gawler Buwyip states that the Rev. ' Canon Coombs, incumbent of St. George's, who has been unable to attend to his duties for several weeks past by reason of indisposition, is now improving and hopes shortly to be about as usual. On July 10 the Bishop of Adelaide and _ the Rev. Mr. Stephenson will conduct servicesat St. George's, which will include aeon firmation ceremony. 