DRESS OF THE DAY. A new model for an evening clonk (a writer on , " Dress for the New Year," in the Standard, says) is 1 of rich grey and black brocaded satin, with a large ; wide collar, with boa, and fronts of black Thibet ? lamb or astrachan, the softer, looser wool having the best appearance. This cloak is fur-lined, and reaches down to the feet, covering the gown. A shorter hulf length opera cloak, of white brocaded velvet, lined with golden-brown satin, has the upright collar, and j fronts of the new Visor fur, which much resembles j marten-tail, and is becoming very fashionable for trimming purposes, for which its anwers very well. COMFORTABLE EVENING COLLARETTE. A collarette of white Thibet lamb fur makes a charming addition to evening dress, and will be found cosily warm and comfortable. A mixture of colours forms the most striking features in the latest Parisian creations in millinery. Either the ilowers are of different co&ars;, or tue rosettes of ribbon of different colours. Thus, in one model, peach colour, vert d'eau, and rose de Chine are the colours used for the narrow satin ribbon rosettes; in another, blue, pink, and grey. Feather crowns, lined, of course, are another feature; black ostrich feathers over heliotrope velvet, wide strings of this colour coming from the back, and the raised brim lined with the velvet drawn in full pleats, the tips of the feathers falling over and forming an edging to the brim over the forehead. Another bonnet is a sort of beef-eater shaped mass in dark blue velvet, with pale pink and greyish green rosettes of frayed out silk, tne strings being of the velvet. A white terry velvet bonnet, with white ostrich feather crown, was charming. In this, tho velvet was full inside the front of the brim, and a diamond butterfly set adorned the folds to the left side. A striped white velvet bonnet was studded over on the left side with sparkling jet butterflies, the wide silk strings, cut on the cross, fastened by the same ornaments. Black satin hats, in quite a new shape, are fashionable. They have brims lifted on one side, and are simply trimmed with either black or coloured ostrich feathers on the crown. One of the smartest, and, at the samo time, cosiest, of driving coats is made of fine sealskin, and has a deep roll collar, which can either be turned up to protect the back of the neck and cars, or turned down, showing the scarf. This coat is cut double breasted, fastening with largo tortoise-shell buttons, with loose, straight back, and long, straight Bleeves, set in rather high and full on the Bhouldcrs. Its loose fit makes it very comfortable to drive in, and yet does not interfere with its style. For a wrap worn over tho habit when driving to cover it is most convenient. The same shape in a soft, thick, rough fawn cloth, with roll collar of beaver lined with squirrel or some warm matorial, is, of course, less expensive, and answers the same purpose; the buttons for this would bo either of bone matching the cloth, or pearl. These are only three-quarter length coats. STYLISH ASTRACIIAN JACKET. High collars and shoulders maintain their popularity, and fur jackets and cloaks are made much in this fashion. Wo present a sketch from a Regent street shop window of a seasonable and warm astrachan three-quarter jacket. Bodices for tweed gowns are (Weldou's Ladies' Journal says) comparatively plain in make, some times tight-fitting in Newmarket form, sometimes with a deep tabbed basque, while those opening to show a waist of another material are extremely smart. For home gowns greater scope is allowed, and these bodices are in many cases of the corselet make, with the upper part full. Where two materials are employed, or where the material is to be trimmed with passementerie, velvet, or fur, the corselet bodice is in high favour. Among the pretty, belts shown this season is the Swiss shape in velvet, beaded and jewelled most elaborately, and finished with a deep beaded fringe. The long Newmarket jacket ia very serviceable in cold weather; one of the newest models is in tweed in brown and blue check, the blue being very faint. This is lined with a soft woolly material, it is loose in the back, fitting in very slightly to the waist, with one pleat and buttons on the back seams. The collar is a deep roll, the sleeves made with deep cuffs. A soft hat of the same material, with wing feathers, looks well worn with it. WOMEN take part in the discussions of Wisconsin farmers' clubs. THE editor of the Port Plain Register has his office and register connected by telephone. Yesterday Mr. Skidd, of Little Falls, an old friend, called on the editor and expected to remain for dinner. The editor hurried to the telephone and shouted to his wife: " Mr. Skidd will be up with me to dinner, lay an extra plate." " Now," said the editor," Mr. Skidd, you may converse with her," As the gentleman was about to approach the instrument these words were plainly heard: "You tell Mr. Skidd we don't keep a hotel on wash-day." Mr. Skidd excused him self for a few moments, and was next seen eating fried clams in the Rainbow Saloon on the corner. TUB following verdict was given in writing by the foreman of a coroner's jury in Nebraska: " We are of A I'inion that the Decest met with hir death from Yiolant InGrmation in the Arm prdust from sum Nnoan Cause." TUB speaker is a tall, parchment-faced wouian carrying many bundles, and accompanied by a poodle dog and a little man, who looks unhappy enough to be her husband. She appears at the door of a smok ing carriage. " Quico full, madam," says one of the occupants. " No, sir, there is room for one, and I and my husband will sit in it." She sniffs, and exclaims, fiercely, " James, it is a smoking carriage." "Yes, my love," replies the husband, humbly. " I won't go in there." " Madam," says the solemn gentleman, rising in his seat," one moment; we will express our regrets; my brothers, three cheers, subdued cheerB, please, so as not to shock the lady's nerves." They cheered, and she slammed the door. SUXSET Cox made rather a good point on Judge Kelley, of Tennsylvania, when he called him tho " per turbed ghost of pig-iron." Judge Kelley received the hit with a pig-ironical smile. TENNYSON declines an offer of 5000 dols. from an enterprising American for a poem is which a tragedy is averted by " Rixx's Bitters." We despise a man who'll fool awoy such a chance of recking money, Send Rixx to us.-Boston Paper 