| A Russian Ghost Storyo WLen the Winter Palace was fuiishe.-l tho empress appointed a day for taking posse.?. Bion of it ; and the elite of tbe guards, and a corps which was composed entirely of noble men, mounted guard in the new eastic. A Jpng, dark corridor lend to the middle'door of the white or thrcnc-room. In tbe corridor two young noblemen were posted. It was approaching ten o'clock and tbe arrival of the empress was momentarily expected. Sud denly the attention of the young men were attracted by a bright streak of light which seemed to glide between them in the dark passage. Their eyes followed the light, and they saw that it streamed through the key hole of tbe throne-room. Wbo could have any business [at such an unusual hour in a room which was designated only for the re ception of foreign ambassadors? One of the young men considered it hiB duty to investi gate the matter, and approached the door for that purpose, but as eoon as he had glanced through the keyhole he called to his companion in a whisper to come nearer. ' The empress has already arrived,' whisp ered he ; she is seated on the throne, dircctly opposite to the door.' The other also looked through the aperture and soon verified this to be a fact. The em press was seated in a tranquil dignity on an elevated golden stool under the red velvet canopy, richly adorned with the imperial arms of Russia, a double eagle. The room was brilliantly lighted ; but it was impos sible to ascertain if any other persons were present, as tbe thickness of tbe door-lock allowed no side view of the apartment. The young men- returned to their posts and waited. Not long after one of the higher officers appeared and said, — ' You can all now retire t the empress will not come to- night.' ' But her majesty iB already here,' 'What? Who?' ' Iler majesty is in the throne-room.' ' Impossible !' ' You can see for yourself.' The officer looked, immediately recog nised the empress, and said wonderingly, — ' I cannot understand what the marsha means. lie has just arrived, and ordered that all the guards be withdrawn ; the empress has changed her mind, and will not arrive to-night. Neverthe less, I see that she is here. Could she have come secretly ? At all events 1 wiil ascer tain what new order the marshal has issued. Meanwhile do you remain, here as the em press may pass tbis way.' The marshal, Prince Euratin, was fortu nately in the palace, and as soon as he heard of the mysterious report hastened to the cor ridor, and peeped in his turn through the keyhole. ' My God, it is the empress ! Her majesty herself I What can it mean ?' exclaimed he. ' How can tbis be possible, when I have just left her presence ? She was dressed in ber usual every-day attire, and I see her in her own royal robes and jewels. There must De some mystery behind this. Let all entrances to the throne-room be guarded! Let no one go in cr out I I will hasten to report at once.' The distance between the two houses being quite short-, the marshal soon reached the small palace, temporarily occupied by the empress. ' Where is the empress ?' ' In her sleeping apartment.' ' The prince looked at the lady of honor with suspicion, and said sharply.— ' Are you sure that tbe empress is here ?' ' Of course ; she is preparing to retire.' ?' Inform her instantly that I am here.' In a few minutes Prince Kuratin, much excited, was conducted into the empress' chamber. Tbe empress stood before him in in night negligee. Kuratin turned pale. ' Well,' said the empress, 'you look as if -oa had seen a ghost. What in Heaven's ;ame is the matter with you 7 Ib there any lews from the army ?'* Kuratin hurried'ly related what he had i^en. It is a knavish trick,' cried Elizabeth \\\ e will take a nearer look at these corne lians. I will go in your sleigh, Kuratin ; you can mount behind. Hurry.' Arrived at the Winter Palace, the c*s telian was ordered to bring the key of the throne room ; six grenadiers were coiu nanded to load their guns, and led bv tht empress the little troop betook themselves tc the corridor. The light shone as before through the key :;ole. The door was cautiously opened ano a flood of light filled the corridor. Tht impress stepped within the room, followed ty her guard who placed themselves arouno er. The room was brilliantly illuminated -ut empty. On the throne was seated ?? ?iape, the counterpart of Elizabeth arrayer n purple and ermine, covered witl liamonds, and crowned with the royal dia em. One instant Elizabeth gaze- r-adfastly at her double, then moved for :ird a few steps. Simultaneously the ap arition stood np, stepped down from th- hrone, and then remained standing as 1m icvabiy still as the empress. It was a thrilling moment 1 'Fire !' cried the empress. The guards raised their guns and all six : .nod directly at the ghostly visitant. Tht :.-z-;crs snapped. At the same instant tht -,' ire, clapped its hands together, and the ? i.-a was suddenly plunged into intense arkness. Then followed a great commo ? a and confusion, while the emnrcsi tiled,— *? Bring lights 1' Lights were speedily produced, and each corner was thoroughly searched, but abso utcly nothing could be found to elucidat* mystery. Every door was locked an guarded. The guards had seen no one Icavt ihc palace. The empress ordered a more -horough search to be made, but in vatii . vere all efforts made to discover per petrator of the trick, if trick it were. Tbe occurrence made a deeper impresstoE upon Elizabeth than she wouid admit, IDigbt weeks afterwards she died. Not Good Grammar — A young lady wat sitting with ber lover in a charmingly deco rated recess. On her knee was a diminutiw aiece. In an adjoining room, with door open, were the rest of the company. Bays tbe ittle niece, in a jealous and very audible voice. ' Auntie, kiss me, too.' Wc leave you to imagine what had hap pened. ' You should say twke. Ethel, dear ; two is not grammar,' via the immediate re joinder. Clever girl, A Professional. — ' Beautiful sport — beautiful,' said the bagman. ' Sixty birds in two hours and only missed two shots.' A quiet gentleman sitting in ?- corner of tbe hotel office, put down his paper, nnhed across the room and grasped him warmly by the hand. ' Allow me to congratulate you, fir,' bt said,' I am a professional myself.' ' Professional sportsman ' No ; a professional liar.' Father (haughtily)—' Well, sir I — ' Son (imploringly)— Forgive me. 1 know how deeply I have wronged you; bnt .1 am young, and I have yet time to make reparation. If a future life of honesty—' Father (angrily)—*' Honesty I ba; lea! Who prates of honesty to a retired f$£ dealer?' Baron Hans Yon Leers, nhw atoneof the fashionable watering place*, is dejwifaffi « nearly seven' feet tall. In tbia respect ha mnst compare favorably with any cl- this 