A HAIB-HREABTH '8GAPE. Tho wotcr party wa ovor, and the long summer day wae drawing to iu lingering cloi>o. Tim wioga of thu obickens had llown away to join tho legs aud breasts of all tbo birds that htvu ikjcu caton siaso iusu first dincovcrud tbo faut Uiut oold lwv.d is good to est; tbo pmk ficsii of tho uvotigiug lubfltor, half bidden In iu leafy ro- treat, liko tho rosy limbs of a bashful nymph taking rnfugo from iiidiHcrcct eyet io n riversldn thicket, Ua-i Imctt dr2qcd forth and dnv.-jar»rf, and was now b?ginhi»g to fulfil iti dreadful missinn ; the cbumpaguo and tbo clcrct-'cuj), and tho wbi-ky aud tho fcuda-wntnr, woro all drunk, and ono of the youngest of ihj k-uusU KO-. in poinothing liku tbc i-amo condition, though hi mother ptfrtiflicd in Uttvibuiiug his eytnptom.s solely to dn fnligutnof tno day, Tho iKUghing girlH,' in Uiuir eoreu dro.'SCH, and hilk shirt fronts, and th-/ bion/ed, uUdbLio lad-, in their fi'inueia au<l tan hvt distributed thotimt-lvva in tho diffvicnt boat, nnd tho ihnilln mi drifting duwu tho long reach In -traggltng pMccsion. In tho leading hoat a mucirat porn. n with a barjo wan performing a rudimeiitary verciott of a too popular eouv, nnd beggiug tho otr»mcu to "throw thuir weight o:t it whou hocamo to tho ' i o'im.' " Hut uohudy had Riiiucicut cnorgy left to fnuo tlm idea of throwing bis weight upou ant- thing but a pilo of cusiiiiiots and the only atwur to Ills oxhortations wun tho -ound of the Htriking of wux nutcbua a- wcl)- tried woo.leu pips woro grndually .ubsti- tuied for cigars sow emoked to" the bitter A fioft wind that rose with tho ettiog suit blow gently up tho rienr 'and ruffi d the snrfuce into tiny wavi>pt tho shadow- of tho Dill poplar that stood h«ru nnd theraou iho margin lay right uer j.m the rtreum. the moon climbing higher and hwiiur in thn opal sky, utid tliu gfiujiiy h its, wakiiu iioin lliur long alcop, wero buiniitiig to llit abwut liku surnp ol paper in a high wind. A hondrod yards behind the boat tvbinh oontniiied tho fivrvuntd und empty httmpon? a puut dropped Hlowiy down (ho Htraia, its two ocminints seeming Pi avoid the noisy gaiety unu rather pronmitned flirtations uf thu younger meiiihcrwof thn pnrty.Nh", achat tning matron, whoso girls (still in the Milmolroi.fu) and boys (notyel appremufiing manhood) left her plenty of time to take an intorent In the affairs of bur neighbors ; und ho, a middle- aged man, whuru'oarriiil dr-rs and well-pro- sorvc-d uttrsutions fioumod to rliuw that his chiof, if not his ouiy, ciru in lifo was that iutercating personality— himself. "It was veiy olovor of yon to oapfnro this punt, Major Singleton," tho Jady remarked, titling herself rnoro luxuriuiii'y among tho cushions. "I know Mrs Luxmoro wautoi that uldo-t girl of hers to have it. Sho was trying »o hiitd, poor thing, to get Mr Willis to oiler to take hor. liu looked so relieved when ho »aw you get in. in another uiiuuto I beliovc i-hu'd have nckod liini," Minor Singh-ton laugliod cumplaconlty as liOHtraightcncd iho craft, and thou lot him self cautiously down on the flour till Ids long legs atretchcd hnlfw&y; down U10 luogtb of it. "I should havo loft liira to his futo, though," bo Wild, " if I hadn't seen yuur imuloring gianoo. Who koowa what might havo happened if I'd trusted myself ulouo with that determined -looking young woman Y alio looks oapablo of anytbiug — from puuilng U> proposing marriage. 4 "Hho l»,"ssld .Mr Farquhar, with con viction. " Sho's verging on thn dosporation of nmo-and-tweuty, and no man under"— alio mado an almost imperceptible pause, and looked under hor oyulashos other companion " uuder forty-six is nafo from ber." "lboliovo slx-aod-forty's averyauncop- libloago,'' ho said, stroking his moustoeho, and woudering whothorshohad noticed how groy it was.. "In a your or two I shall havo to begin to look out vory ourcfully for my own safety.' 11 "Mint humbugs men i)ro," thought Mrs Farqulmr to horeolf. ' And yet tbey talk of tho vanity of wouicu ! lie's fifty if ho's a day. (low was it you uovcr murriodf" sho asked aloud. " Btcsuso I nover mer Mrs Fsrquhar tilt it was too Into," said Singleton, gallautly but iusiucerely. _ Tho lady bluriiod a litlla, and sinibd a Httlo gratified amilo. Thou alio thought of fier long-legged glrlo at homo," and she frowned auntoroly. , »' Major ,Singloton 1" sho said, with dig nity. «« Well— Mrs Farquhar P " <I asked you a question —perhaps au i&dis-; nroetone." "And I gavo yon an answor— perhaps of equal Indiscretion." Sho saw by his oyes that ho was laughing at her, though his lips wero concealed by the tell-talo nioiiBinoho. For' a "moment sho would havo liked to box \ih oarq t(«T having mado bur thluk ho' was In earnest, uud thon sho laughed too. " Ko— but Borlously—— V1' said Mrs Far quhar. " .Seriounly, what ?" " Why did you never got married V At this momcut thoro cume a violent lmmp on tho sido of tho puut, nud Mrs Farquhar's Japaucno umbrella uud Major .Sintmfim'n Btraw lmt (low ovor the side into' tlio river. The ladv scrcarood— not ho prettily as alio would havo douo ha<l sho' hud timo to think about it — and tho tniiu was on hie foot and grasping his hole in a second. A bust consuming n party of buluied 'Ames had riiot Huditenly out of a backwater, and (tlio onxawuiu boiug more- occupied with a' concertina (ban ' hiHrqddor.UucH) had caught \\\«i «- jj amidahips, and as nearly taw nl rjgj,t over. 4.„«iblo put hor "Oonfoqnd J1- the Major " yon clumiy began offend' , iudignnntly, glaring nl tho " -ng crov ; theu, romemboring who it I vo'L I in, n,;w. ho dropped hin p«». Hoally, 1 will! you'd bo maw ouro- ful, sir; you ontYt expoot to havo tho whold nver to jouraolf at thiH timo of tho year." J ho young man, roltovod to find that thoy had out run into a bridge or gone over u woir, wero apologotio, andexpre-wod theirHorrow in suitable terms. Thoy rescued tho hat nnd umbrella— both rather tbo wnr.11 for their wetting— nnd rowed off nn fast ua thoy could, boloro -c should bodirci.vo«od tlmt u piuuk in Va punt hed Leon slutt <1\. Mm 'arouhar Hinonlhiid her rnffh-d tcathnni, and con- desooiidod to emito again. Aa for tho major, lie lighted uoigaretto and sat down iuhia old pluoo. 41 You asked mo a quontion jnst oow," bo saul, altor u puu-o, blowing away a cloud of emoko, and watching it a it melted away to leoward, 44 and that hump gnvo you tho truo 41 1 askod you why vou had nover married.1' 44 Exactly. It woe booaone of au aoiidont that bnppoocd when I was in a boat with a lady." liospoko in a low, serious tone, and a dreamy sort uf look camo into his eyes, uh if ut tlio reuollecliou of au old sorrow. Mrs Farquhar wuh touohtd by his munnor, and half put out hor hand. " I — I aro mi sorry," sho murmured. 44 Was — was sho drowned ? " Fray furgivo 1110. I nover hoard of it." 44lt was n long limo ago," said Simrloton, looking not at her, butat tho dlsraut woods, still witli tho samo gloum of rce.dii otion iu hiaoyos. Fifteen— twenty yoars. Hoavomt, bow old wo'ro nil getting— I'm hjivakiitg for myself." Could U havo bean au ooho that murmured, 44 Speak for yiumjlf P " 41 But I havo tiovur forgotten it, nor never hYin.ll . Ivohoenn irood rin-t) nmmn- ...... atdifferonttimcs, nud— woll, l'vo geuorully mntiagod to mako mysolf as ugroonhlo to them ne other men. Mnro than onno— moro than twioo—I havo t>ecn on tho vorgo of forgetting tho promieu I made— " 44 To her if" " No, to myself. Rhtll I tell yon nlmnt it Y Do yoti care to hear u story of wbnthappuued twenty years ago, when you woro iu tho nursery." 44 If It's not a very painful story," murmured Mrs Farquhar, looking nnrioiiHly at Singleton, and wondoring whether ito was going to cry ; for tbo corners of his lips twitched, and hie oyes avoided hers. 44 It was, ns I said, nearly twenty years ago," ha said, slowly. 41 1 was little moro tfaun a boy then— a perfect boy still in somo things. I was nt hmno on lcavo— my flrat loavo— from Malta, and I was onjoying my- folf Immoiicoly. I had plenty of money, I know a heap of pcoplo of all kinds, and no day waslong enough formo that Himunor. And thou I mot Vi-ra— Vera— novor mind hor other name ; I novor think of horasnnything bat Vera. Ah I what a pretty girl sho was I I can boo her now as I first saw her at aoruah in Lennox Gsrdens— no. Queen's Gate — standing against a mass oftropical plants that mado a background for hor tall, graoo- fnt figure. Sho was drossed oil in white, liko a brido ; and tho obsenco of ootor in hor toilette enchanted tho hrUlianoy of her complexion and tho motalllo gleam of hor coppor-colored hair, which was piled la heavy maspes— you ro- member I'm speaking of 20 years ago— on hor email head. I nover was no struck hy a woman before or ainoo that night. I simply tood and stared at her; aha tha maa who had brought mo told mo afterwards that I looko-i as if I'd seen a ghost. 44 Ho pulled mo gently away in the direc tion of ths room where the cbampagno cup win— for ho wai a thirsty beggar— and forced a tumbler into my huml. I drank off tho wino mechanically, and ho patted mo kindly on tho bid:. 'Veel botlcrnow, don't you r ho said. 4 Who was it, old cbappio— your tailor 'r 14 Tbo word recalled mo to myssntcs, and I rimddorcd, 1 remember. 44 4 My tuilur — what — whore?' I stammered. 41 4 1 don t know. I only asked if you'd seen him,' ho -aid. 44 My tailor? What do you mean V 44 4 Well, you nover know whom you may moot at thiri house,' nnd ho's probably a gooi dent more presentable than aorau of tho men.' 44 4 Itubbirth I' 1 said. 4 It was that girl in whilo Htindinu against tho ferns— that girl with tlio glorious i.uir. Didn't you sco hor, or urc you blind?" 4 4 4 Ob I ' ho said, 4 you mean Miss Hill- Parker. ' " 44 1 thought you'd let out hor name before long," Mrs Farquhar asld, smiling slily. Singleton went on without heeding hor. 44 Wril. ho told tno nil about hvr. Snid sho w« (ho dsughtor of a man of very good family, but a- poor ua n oliuruti inou>o ; that »ho wt 01 pouted to marry a man with money, but that nlio wn< getting u fittiu bit oti color— that was bis oiuial exprurrion— aud tlmt tliin would bo hur .lust ncason In town, becamo thuro woro throu othur danjbtors boliind. 44 'dba'H Lo- n rather unlucky,' ho said. 1 She's been very ill nil tho spring, and this is her fir?; apptMreuioo this year. .She'll havo to look rbarp if alio mean to do any good b-fore Gi>o<lwoud.' I tbouaht of nil ibis aittTtrunl. thotigii 1 hnrdiy noticed bis word ut tho tiinu, and outj Uikod niui to iutro-iute niu to the biaiity. I wondered tvho'.hcr tar f it Lor would consider tno 4 ti man with miv.ey.'— idcn vary soon t tie point " ,4Tbnt they do." amcnted Mrs Jfurqubur, tbiiikm r. perhap?, thai nor owu bud varied u good dual einco phe wa» Burc-uteen. 44 Well, I wim iairodueed. And I won't boro you with what followod. Tkceo things always run tho same course, and the moro ihoy change tho moro they're thu samo thing. I fell iu Jove with her, us they -ay, at first right; aud 1 darn Hay 1 made myself a groat Bpictnclu to tay friend?. Fur a mouth 1 fol lowed her everywhere; found out whero elm was going, uud rnovud heaven nod earth to jjot luvitaiioric to thu.ie bou»cs ; waited hours iu tho p irk on tho ohutioo of Mioliig her, uud b.-bsved altogether uh lovors always do." " And nbo ?" risked Mrs Farquhar. 44 Aud «ho— woll, who didn't dislike mo from tho first, and I could roon sco that, her mnthor di-ia't iti-liko u<o oithor, and I beguu to'-.ovcry hap y.Iu n wuuriiiiftorlniut hor lirat 1 t& ido up iiiind to a-k hor io marry me. Just then fier mother naked mo to a piuuio up tho river— quite a am'tll affair given for thu bcuciit of a ret of children, urphuw.1 and maces, homo from wjliool. Thie was my last chance— for they were to go |>,iok to Iho c&untry; two days after— and I meant to taka it. That wuh, I think, tho happiest day of ray life. I devoled myself to her from morning till night, and sho »msmed as happy an I'was. I'aor Vera ! Wo neither of uh thought bow tho tliy wns going to oud. Well, it aamo to an end at last, aud I was lo row her back in u Httlo Lout that only held two. It was a rnori perfect oveuiug, and an we drifted down tiiu river I wuh too full of Imppinc-R to file. Sho mado each a pretty picturo, Hitting under au umbrella uh you are doing now, with her hat an glovcH off, making laiiovu to aeer, that I Himpiy aat and looked iulo her overt, uud nho Hat and smiled at mo I think now that nbe ruuht have h- on rather a stupid girl, for it Kecma to mo thut it whi always L who talked— and if I happcuud not to talk, thoro was generally rilcnco. I was a Httlo nervous too, for I didn't quit© know what I wqs 1 going to say. At last nho roused herself and suid looking up at tho bky, uud righing : " ' Qh. mii.u plunnt dny till, hnB boon ! IJow lung will it, bo befoio I huvo suuh another, 1 wonder ? ' " My heart sprang into my mouth, and I eald : 4 4 4 lion it been a pleasvnt day, Vera f ' 44 It was tlio firat time that 1 hud oalled her \ era, and rito looked quickly at 1110. and then coat down heroyue. y«ry,' .ho wblsporcd ; nnd then sho Hghed again." V Yos."mid Mrs Piirqiilmr, npproriiinly. I know .Hut siK.1. It's rary oirooltra when ?, 1 1ir"l"'rlJ' > bu' " "»»'» prsotloe." Ieiuu: ' Why do you «;iy it ao long Iwforo ton havonnothur so huppy ?" 44 4 Wo going httuk to Dsrouehiro 'to-mor- row, you know/ she said. 44 Sho was knotting (ho onda of Iho ruddar. linen togthey all thu time, oud looking at tiuim mtintly. 44 4 J'hsn,' I said, nervously, 4 has vorrr hspp noM anything to do with-witli being near I waa going to nay mo, but 1 changed j»y mjud at tbo Iut mluuto and na(d, 4 near 41 8ho smiled n Utile, and shook her head very riowly. Ihon alio rained hor oyon, and loqktd at mo, still Hiniliug. Tho noxt moment ' rwj'un careruiry, ami iMf- forward till I aoahl take hor bund, -od 1 1 u.km' ' h ' ' 14 Iho wordn bud Hcnory when I head alqu.4, h H pso<l my us, and I naw a .oouh faugh cjIoro to of kutofuWooking brqiiofioeo- 0P a |,lrg0 tree Umt thrrw iU htun». ,ur tho river, who woro grinning ..ao ho many monkoyu. I forgot wiioro \- was. nnd jumped up iu a passion. Tho boatgavo a violent Jurob aud Vora a loud suroutn, and I riipped. I tried to fall over, board cloinily to huvo hor, but it woe too lata. I full right abruBS tbo guuwhalo, nud can. Bizod tho Imat In tho middlo of too rivor in ten feet of wator." 44 (Wouldn't you Bwim?" raid Mrs Farquhar brcathlufriy. , 1 44 Oh, yoH, liko a duck ; but Vora couldn't. » lion I'd oioarod tho water out of my oyos I huw her clinging to tho host, which was only just abovo water— nunk to its bear- ingrt, as tho Bailors call it. I riioutod to her lo koop still, and wont to hor help as fant a? I could. Bull hud dropptd a few yurdsdowu iho stream ; nnd, baviug all my olotbcH un, I eouldu't swim fiut. Sho screamed and struggled, and tried to climb into tho boat— which wan, of courno, tho worst thing riio ooul.l do. J m,t a I roaohe.1 hur it Bank ritngothor, and nho wont down with It. 1 plunged forward, uud just na who won disappearing I o«ught#bor by tho only thing I could Hou—hor beautiful bronze luilr. And tbo wholu tiling oumo away in my baud I' 441 oor thing F'oricd Mrs Farquhar, wilh real sympathy in her tono. 44 And sho was drowned, I tmppono?" No, tho next minute her head name nn itgniu— hucii a funnv head, all covered with abort red fur, like u fox— and I nmuagod to tako hold of hor under tho arm?, and got' hsr to tho bank; aud thero fiho sut down and began to cry." 44 Yo.cs," said Mrs Farquhar, oritlcally, 44 1 mtpnueo that this 1 was her only ohuueo. And what did you do?" 44 I'll toll you what I did not do," raid S ng eton: I didn't flnbdt tho scatonco ho- ginulng 4 Vora, my own lovo/ " 44 And that wuh tborcaaou you never mar. rird ?" "Voo," Mill Singloton. And ho nddod, MJtlovooo, " I'hnt nnd u few otliora." Mra I-nrqulmr pondored for a fair moments, uud thuii asked suddenly : 44 And what boontno of the wig7" Vnnl/ji'ai'r/1011''" '"id M"jr 