[?] [By Fooijb'em.3 ' Floods! ' »'! . What about cricket .??? Tho biggest ilood since 'GO. Called to Order — Tho waiter. Wator scene I The reign of ip supremo. , ', t The river is like somuono's anklo ; swollen. ! The flood stopped nil Saturday's sporting. Chinanion looking vory; dubious over the rainfall. A man narrowly escapes a flogging at the Police' Coiirfc. ?' Hamlet' is a play for all time. It will never give np the ghost. The Esrom road was on Saturday, tho boundary of the Macquarie. ,, -The Macquarie fresh and muscular. Lord, how ib did rise I The water was over to Fitzgorajd's hotel verandah at Esrom on -Saturday. The heavens arc weeping over the waste of time caused by the Opposi tionists. A man without a cold in his head would be a very interesting sight just now. ' - ? 'f Well,' said an , undertaker, ' I'm not much for fighting ; but when it comes to boxing, I can'Iay out any man.' Old hands say that'no flood here was ever as bad as that of Saturday. A very quiet Saturday in Bathurst, There are 8l-,000 papers in the world, and about twice that number of brewer ies. Two breweries to each paper — that is rather moderate. Water, water everywhere, A ilood has come I think, \- -And yet a man without a bean, ? Says ' Not a drop to drink,' A European actress has just got damages against a confectioner ''for : stamping her likeness upon his biscuits. Hero an actress is always glad to bo in . everybody's mouth. Lady Florence Dixie asserts that men . have very little sense, but what, they 3: have thoy owe to the women. Lady Floronce ought to get back the portion that is. owing to her without further waste of time: A FLY TIME. Now doth the giddy little fly Begin- to learn to skate, And finds his choicebt rink upon A glassy, glabrous pate, Time works -wonders; Twenty- three yenis Ago Sir .George %cy won Uia enmity and fierce opposition of Gladstone by propounding a Homo Rule scheme for Ireland. Since then Gladstone has turned completely Grey. Uumor has it . that Mrs. Gordon Bailhc, recently liberated from an English prison, is on her way to Australia. Wo wonder if the charming lady ib to net as advance agent for tho Booth pauper colonies this trip. The ciofler game is played out. A MAIDEN MARRED. ? She's a 3 pretty as a posy with the morn ing dew upon it ; She's as cultured, clever, practical as any maid on earth ; She is versed in every sort of art, can cook,. or write a sonnet ; She's ' a lofty queon by nature— an aristocrat by birth. I adore her most devoutly, and I pine to offer to her All the flaming pent-up passion that her loveliness invites ; But alas ! I cannot, will not givo m own consent to woo her ; For, doapito her countless. virtues,- she quite frequently recites ! Mr. G. H. Reid, leader of the Opposi tion, and now a married man, bas 'been, converted to female suffrage and women's rights generally. When he grows his hair he will be a formidable rival to: his old chief '. Lord Evelyn, son of t tho Earl of Bute and an officer of tho Guards, wore ,long moustachios, and appeared thus in tho House of Commons after the peaco of Amiens. Ono day a member thus ad dresBed him : ' My lord, now tho war is over, won't you put your moustachios on the peace establishment 1' 'I dp not exactly know that I shall do that,' re plied his lordship 5 'but I would advise ~ you to put your tongue ou- the civil list!'. v; ' ? .: ? ..? ?? : TWO KINDS. Ob, her eyes, her beautiful oyes ! ^ How they melt when she sobs or sue cries; How they droop ?.-.?? When she blushes,1 , llow they flash When shocrushes The lovo she's compelled to disguise. If Oh, her i'e, - her : beautiful i'si , '?'.. ?;'',; Whocan tell them apart, though bo.irifB, From her m's, , . ^; Or her e's, ? ; 11 N'b, or u's, ?' '? ' ? '? ??'?: ' ;., '' As you please, ' |-, ' In her letters ? I offer a prize. ; 