CHAPTER XIII. The roar of the moving flood, for such, by its noise, it seemed, as they descended the river bank, to which Nathan had so skilfully conducted them, awoke in Roland's bosom a feeling dismay. " Fear not," said the guide, to whom he im- parted his doubts of the safety of the ford ; " there is more danger in one single skulking Shawnee, than ten thousand such sputtering brooks. Verily, the ford is good enough, though deep and rough ; and if the water should soil thee young women's garments a little, thee should remember it will not make so ugly a stain as the bloodmark of a scalping savage." " Lead on," said Pardon Dodge, with unex- pected spirit ; " I am not one of them 'ere fellars as fears a big river ; and my hoss is a dreadful fine swimmer." " In that case," said Nathan, " if thee con- sents to the same. I will get up behind thee, and so pass over dry-shod ; for the feel of wet leather-breeches is quite uncomfortable." This proposal, being reasonable enough, was readily acceded to ; and Nathan was in the act of climbing to the crupper of Dodge's horse, when little Peter began to manifest a prudent desire to pass the ford dry-shod also, by pawing at his master's heels, and beseeching his notice with sundry low but expressive whinnings. Such, at least, was the interpretation which Roland, who perceived the animal's motions, was inclined to put upon them. He was, there- fore, not a little surprised when Nathan, start- ing from the stirrup into which he had climbed, leaped again to the ground, staring around him from right to left, with every appearance of alarm. " Right Peter !" he at last muttered ; fixing his eye upon the further bank of the river, a dark mass of hill and forest that rose in dim re- lief against the clouded sky, overshadowing the whole stream, which lay like a pitchy abyss betwixt it and the travellers—" right, Peter ! thee eyes is as good as thee nose—thee is determined the poor woman shall not be mur- dured !" " What is it you see ?" demanded Forrester ; " and why do you talk of murdering ?" " Speak low, and look across the river," whispered the guide, in reply ; " does thee see the light glimmering among the rocks by the roadside ?" " I see neither rocks nor road—all is to my eyes confused blackness ; and, as for a light, I see nothing—stay ! No ; tis the gleam of a fire fly." " The gleam of a fire-fly !" murmured Nathan, with tones that seemed to mingle wonder and derision with feelings of a much more serious character ; " it is such a fire-fly as might burn a house, or roast a living captive at the stake : —it is a brand in the hands of a 'camping Shawnee ! Look, friend, he is blowing it into a flame ; and presently thee will see the whole bank around it in a glow." It was even as Nathan said. Almost while he was yet speaking, the light, which all now clearly beheld, at first a point as small and faint as the spark of a lampyris, and then a star scarce bigger or brighter than the torch of a jack-o'-lantern, suddenly grew in mag- nitude, projecting a long and lance-like, though broken, reflection over the wheeling current, and then as suddenly shot into a bright and ruddy blaze, illumining hill and river, and even the anxious countenance of the travellers. At the same time, a dark figure, as of a man en- gaged feeding the flame with fresh fuel, was plainly seen twice or thrice to pass before it. How many others, his comrades, might be watching its increasing blaze, or preparing for their wild slumbers among the rocks and bushes where it was kindled, it was impossible to divine. The sight of the fire itself, in such a solitary spot, and under such circumstances, even if no attendant had been seen by it, would have been enough to alarm the travellers, and compel the conviction that their enemies had not forgotten to station a force at this neglected ford, as well as at the other more frequented one above, and thus to deprive them of the last hope of escape. This unexpected incident, the climax of a long series of disappointments, all of a character so painful and exciting, drove the young soldier again to despair ; which feeling, the tantalising sense that he was now within but a few miles of his companions in exile, and separated from them only by the single obstruction before him, exasperated into a species of fury bordering almost upon frenzy. " There is but one way of escape," he ex- claimed, without venturing even a look towards his kinswoman, or seeking by idle words to conceal the danger of their situation ; " we must pass the river ; the roar of the water will drown the noise of our footsteps ; we can cross unheard and unlooked for ; and then, if there be no way of avoiding them, we can pour a volley among the rascals at their fire, and take advantage of their confusion, to gallop by. Look to the women, Nathan Slaughter ; and you, Pardon Dodge, and Emperor, follow me, and do as you see me do." " Truly," said Wandering Nathan, with admirable coolness and complacency, " thee is a courageous young man, and a young man of sense and spirit—that is to say, after thee own sense of matters and things ; and, truly, if it were not for the poor women, and for the blazing fire, thee might greatly confound and harmfully vanquish the evil creatures, there placed so unluckily on the bank, in the way and manner which thee thinks of. But, friend, thee plan will not do ; thee might pass unheard, but not unseen. Does thee not see how brightly the fire blazes on the water ? Truly, we should all be seen and fired at, before we reached the middle of the stream ; and, truly I should not be surprised if the gleam of the fire on the pale faces of these poor women should bring a shot upon us where we stand ; and therefore, friend, the sooner we get us out of the way, the better." " And where shall we betake us ?" de- manded Roland ; the sterness of whose accents but ill-disguised the gloom and hopelessness of his feelings. " To a place of safety and of rest," replied the guide, " and to one that is nigh at hand ; where we may lodge us, with little fear of In- juns, until such time as the waters shall abate a little, or the stars give us light to cross them at a place where are no evil Shawnees to oppose us. And then, friend, as to slipping by these foolish creatures who make such bright fires on the public highway, truly, with little Peter's assistance, we can do it with great ease." " Let us not delay," said Roland, and added, sullenly, " though where a place of rest and safety can be found in these detestable woods, I can no longer imagine." " It is a place of rest, at least for the dead," said Nathan, in a low voice ; at the same time leading the party back again up the bank, and taking care to shelter them, as he ascended, as much as possible, from the light of the fire, which was now blazing with great brilliancy ; " nine human corpses—father and mother, grandam and children—sleep under the thres- hold of the door ; and there are not many, white men or Injuns, that will, of their free will, step over the bosoms of the poor murdered creatures, after nightfall ; and the more especially, because there are them that believe they rise at midnight, and roam round the houses and the clearings, mourning. Yet it is a good hiding- place for them that are in trouble ; and many a night have little Peter and I sheltered us beneath the ruined roof, with little fear of either ghosts or Injuns ; though, truly, we have sometimes heard strange and mournful noises among the trees around us. It is but a poor place and a sad one ; but it will afford thee weary women a safe resting-place till such time as we can cross the river." The words of Nathan brought to Roland's recollection the story of the Ashburns, whom Bruce had alluded to, as having been all des- troyed in their station, in a single night, by the Indians, and whose tragical fate, perhaps, more than any other circumstance, had diverted the course of travel from the ford near to which they had seated themselves, to the upper, and, originally, less frequented one. (To Be Continued.) 