NICK OF THE WOODS. CHAPTER XXI.—(Continued.) “ luo emigrants, Roland continued, with incoherent haste; “you brought them? They are pursuing ^tho savages? thoy havo resouod her? Speak; Nathan—tell' mo all; tell mo that my cousin is freo !” “Truly, friend,” muttorod Nathan; “ thee doth confuso both thoeself and mo with many questions. JDo thee be content for awhile, till I chafe thee poor logs, whioh is like tho logs o! a dead man, and tio up thee wounds. When thee can stand up and walk, thee shull know all I havo to tell thoo, both good and bad. It iB enough thee is theeself safo.” “AIob, I read it all from your looks,** cried tho soldier ; “ Edith is still a prisoner: and 1 lie here, a miserable, orushed worm, incapable of aiding, unable evon to die for hor 1 But the emigrants, myfrionds? thoy are at loast urging tho pursuit? there is a hope thoy will rotako her r” “ Truly, friend,” said Nathan, “ thee ehftll know all, if thee will have patienoe, and hold thee tongue. If theo loves thee poor kinswoman, and would save hor from cruel bondage and Borrow, thee must be quiet till I havo put thoo again upon thee legs; and, after that, thoo shall have my oounsol and holp to do what is good and proper for tho maiden's rodeemiug.1' Tho bold attempt of Nathan to pass tho line of besiegers at the ruin, it seemed, ho had accomplished without difficulty, though not without risk ; but this part of the nar rative ho hurriod over, as well ashia passage of the river, at a solitary and dangerous I ford in tho wildest recesses of tho forest. Then, striking through tho woods, and aiming for the distant station, he had arrived within but a few miles of it, when it was his fortuno to stumblo upon tho band of Regulators, who, after their memorable ex ploit uttho boeoh-troe, had joined tho emi grants, thou on their march through tho woods, aud convoyed thorn to the station. Hero passing tho Diffht in mirth and frolic, they woro startled, at an early hour, by tho alarming intelligence, brought by a volunteer huntor, who had obtnined it none could tall how, of the presence of tho Indian army on the north side ; and.loaving their friends to arm aud follow ns they could, tho visitors immodiatoly mounted thoir horses, to return to Bruco's station, aud thence to SQolz tho field of battlo. To theso unex pected friends, thus opportunely met iu tho woods, Nathan imparted his story, A eounoilof war Cuing called on tho spot, if was resolved to gallop at ouco to the rescue of the travellers. Taking Nathan up. therefore, behind him, and bearing him along, to point out the position of tho Iudiaus, tho gallant Tom Bruco, followed by his equally gallaut com panions, dashed through the woods, and succeeded by daybreak in reaching the ruin ; whoro, as Nathan avorred, so judiciously had thoy laid their plans of attack, tho Indians, if still there, might havo beou surprised, en tirely worsted, and perhaps tho half of them cutoff upon tho spot; “ which,” as ho rather hastily observed, “ would havo boenu great comfort toall concerned.” But the ruin was dosortod, bosiogers and besioged had aliko vanished, as well as the bodies of those assailants whohad fallen in tho oonfliot, to find their graves under the ruins, among tho rocks, or in tho whirling eddies of tho river. Tho traoks of tho horses being discovered in tho ravine and at the water's edge, it was inferred that tho whole party, too desperate or too wise to yield themselves prisoners, had been driven into the rivor, and thero drowned; and this idea inflaming tho fury of the Kontuokians to the highest pitch, thoy sought out, and oaBily discovered among the canes, tho fresh trail of tho Indians, which they followed, resolving to ox&ot; the fullest measuro of revenge. Nathan, the man of poaoo, from whom no farther services wero oxpeoted, was now turned adrift, to follow or proteot himself us he might; and tho young men betook them selves to the pursuit, with as much speed as tho wild oharaotorof the woods permitted. Nathan, making his own observations from tho appearance of the different traoks in tho ravine, and satisfying himself there was among them one more Christian footprint than could bo acoountod for, ho followed after the young men, examining tho Indian trails in places where it had not been effaood I by tho Kontuokians, uutil ho booamo eon- | vinoed that tho fugitives had, in Bomo nnac- ! countablo way, escaped alive from tho rivor, I and wore still struggling in retreat, led by | eorao friendly guide, although olosely pur- i sued by the foo. j This discovery, it was also probable, had been mado by the Kentuckians, who had, in oonsequenco, urged their horses to tho utmost, and, arriving on tho hill whoro tho savagos , lay in ambusn, rushod to tho attack, and fought aud lost tho battlo, before Nathan could roach them. Ho met thorn indeed re treating in full routboforo tho victois; many woundod, all overcome by panic, and none willing or able to throw any light on the cauBo of dofeat. Ono, indeed, checking his horso a moment, to bid tho man of poaco look to himself, and avoid tho savages who woro still urging tho pursuit, hastily assured him that tho dofoat was all owing to Captain Ralph’s ghost, whioh had suddenly got among them, yel ling for vengcaneo ou his executioners; for whioh reason the consoicuoo-stricken Regu lator called Nathan to witness his oath, whioh ho now rnado, “ that ho would never lynch a man again, as long as ho lived." “ Thon, friend,” said tho man ot peace, “I took counsel as to what we should do ; and truly it was decided to oroop after tho murdering Shuwneo oreaturea—and see what had become of thoo and theo poor women ; Well, friend, as soon as wo thought it safe, wo oropt to tho spot on tho hill-side; and safe enough it wa*, the savages having do parted, loaving nothing bohind them, savo two young Koutuckians and tho colored person, whom thoy had provailod over and hewn to piocos with thoir hatohots; besidos four corpses of their own, which they had stuck in a oave, whero Petor snuffed thorn out. Well, friend, I saw thou that theo onemioB had divided; tho main body depart ing ono way ovor tho hill, while a smaller party had crossed tho river with & horso and prisoner. Truly it was Petor’s opinion that this prisoner was theosolf, and that if we followed thoo, wo might iu some way aid thoo to escape, theo oaptivators boing so fow in number. And so, friend, wo waded tho river, and followed theo trail until night oamo, when littlo Poter undertook to noso theo on in tho dark, which ho did very successfully, until wo reached the place whero the savages had killod their horso, and broken the cask of liquor, when truly tbe scent of tho same did so prevail over Peter's nose, that I was in fear ho novor would smell right again in all his life, which was a groat grief to mo; fer truly Peter’s noso is, as I may say, tho staff of ray life, my dofenco, and my succor : truly, theo don’t know tho value of littla Peter’e noso. “Well, friend,” continued the narrator, “Huviug orept up as near as I durst, I could see how thoo was fixod, tied to tho polos so theo could not help thoeself, and tho three savages lying beside thee, with thoir guus in the hollows of their arms, ready to be seized in a moment. I lay watohing thee and thee cruel oppressors for moro thau an hour mar velling in what way I could givo thoo help.” “An hour!” cried Roland, “a friond lying by mo during that hour, tho moBl wrotohed and distracted of my wholo exis tence ? Hud you but out tho ropo, and giver mo tho knife to strike a blow for myself !” “Truly,” said tho man of poaoo, u I did sc desire to do, seeing that thou theo might havo killod the Injuns thoeself: which would havo boon moro seoraly, as being a thing thee ooneoienco would not disapprove of; whereae mino, as theo may suppose, was quito averse to any suoh bloody doings ou my own part. Besides, I foared, in case theo should discover there was help nigh at hand, theo might cry out in theo surpriso, and so alarm theo sleep ing oaptivators. And so, friond, I was in what theo may call a puokor, not knowing whut to do; and bo I lay hard by theo, with Poter at tho back of mo, watehingand revolv ing the matter for that wholo hour, us I told theo; whon suddenly down foil a atiok into the fire, and, tho same blazing up brightly, I saw two of tho savages lying beside thee, their heads so close to gcther theo might have supposed they both grow from the samo pair of shoulders, and so nigh to mo withal, tnat, verily, I might have pokod them withtho muzzle of my gum I can’t tell thee how it then happened— whether it was a sort of nervousness in my fingers' ends, or whothor it was all au accident; but, truly, as it hupponed, my gun went off in my hands, as it might be of its own accord, and, truly, it blew the two ovil oroaturos' brains out ! And then, friend, thee sees, there was no stopping, thoro boing tho third of theo captivatorB to look after; and, truly, as I had done so muoh, I thought I might as well do all— tho killing of threo men being but a littlo worse than tho killing of two ; and, bo sides, tho creaturo would have hurt theo, as theo lay at his mercy. And so, friend, I did verily spring upon him, sinner that X am, and striko him a blow with my hatohet, which I had takon from my holt to bo ready; whereupon ho fled, and X after him, borne ; in great fear lost, if ho escaped, ho should i return upon theo and kill thoo, before I coaid | got back to out theo loose. And so, friend, i it happened that—that I killed him likewiso ! I —for which I don’t think thee can, in ! thoo heart, blame mo, Booing that it was j all, over and ovor again, on theo account, I and nobody’s olse’s. Truly, friend, it is I quite amazing, tho ill things thee has • brought mo tol” 1 i “Had thoro been twenty of the villains, | and you had killed them all, I should have j hold it the noblest and moBt virtuous aot i you could have performed,” said Boland. 