'The Fatal Treasure. A STORY OF THE BLACK FOREST. -tr*'* •!"" - 1 CHATTER XTX.—C 0yny L-EB. BY / f a j\r D E X T E R , The new-comer gazed lite one fascinated at th6 sj^lit and, as lump after lump of the sj>recipus uietal was taken out of the box and -jixiiisferroi to Hilton's pockets, the eyes of tAraiytajyo seemed to almost bum into the ; "^g^nss. - "By heaven!" he muttered, "that old fellow has diKwivcTjii the treasure vrc are socking. I wonder who he is r If he were tip devil himself," he added fiercely, "I jgust;liave thpt; ph:nlrj" " With a diabolical oppression on his evil face, he wat bed IliUtm empty the box and then break it up and s:>t lire to it. ," Ho fciows the gold is stolen,at any rate," was his cc::i:nent, as he saw the box placcd Sn the fire. ^ "When tie weary man inside the hut drew pfJie stool to the fire and became drowsy, the watcher set his lips together iind for some time ^ppeajod to debate with himself what he should do. • " He is only an old man," were the' words thaj issued from his mouth when he unclosed His. course is nearly run and it will be Very little harm to help Trim over the river. I must have the gold and there is only one way to get"it, so I had better make up my miud to follow that course." Thus communing with himself, Armytage l&adually; sneaked round to tie door. When ne got there he paused for a moment, apparently irresolute. Taking out a clasp knife from his pocket, he looked at it for a few moments and then put it back. |*5P*foi":Jie said, "I will not do that if I jwaAelpit; but I must have the gold !" He 6aid no more but, turning round, his eyes rested on a small sapling lying, close to him ahd, picking it up, he noiselessly opened "the door and looked into the room. Hilton amis still slumbering and unconscious of danger. With a cat-like tread, Armytage entered the room and, walking up behind his victim, dealt-him a terrible blow on the back of the head. •t Wjitfiout a single cry, the old man fell off ijmgh>e£t and lay motionless on the floor, whilst his assailant nervously proceeded to rifle his pockets. " I don't half like touching him, for it: is liari to say whether' he is dead or only ^tunned," ^rmytage said; "but I must jhave the- gold. Pooh! what is it, after all?" • Fortified ; iipparently, with his reflections, tef bent over the motionless man and, in a • Urisiness-li!: J way, soon transferred the gold ; to himself. . rlii one pocket he found a book containing a few paper.-', .and this he also took. When he had taken everything he could di|qover, he noticed,*" with some alarm, that -there were a few slight stains of blood on his. clothes. ' The blow; he had given his victim had broken' the skin and the blood had slowly Htickled •from the wound. Very little had flowed, but it was sufficient during his hasty search to stain a portion of his clothes. * He looked at the few crimson stains with a slight shudder, and -then at the still form - lying prone on the floor. ... Silton's. last quest was apparently over, -and the hidden treasure of the Black Forest : w|nlfl trouble him no more, i, With' something like awe, Armytage went; and opened the closed door. He looked out, • bjit plj^w^s .as still as death.. '"I must ;be getting away from this," he. muttered. "HI were discovered here, withi ^this'in the room "—anAheturned and looked" ^ Hilton—" it would be as much as my life, would be worth. I wish, too, I had not got: these few stains. They seem to me like ill-j: %mehs. ' I must get away at once." ; He picked up the bag of gold and with; giiilty fear crossed the clearing around the' Jijit.f, SiLhe neared. the edge of the tdmbec-a' *ound behind him caused his heart to give a wild start. It .was a, loud oooee and, as t3ie-frightened" man turned Tonnd, he saw a waggonette just! ^emerging from the bush at the extreme end of the clearing, and the occupants were evidently calling to him . •Who could these people be? They were; jio doubt harmless travellers, perhaps lost and Wanting' information from him; but to go back now, might mean death to him. The appearance of 100 policemen could not have caused him -more, terror than this small party QfetJirsti oufe jjf whom was a woman, as his hasty glance sufficed to tell him ; but the distance rendered the features indistinct and recognition impossible. „ He must fly at once, or they would soon ^discover what was inside the hut; and- his presence there, especially if he were seized with the gjld on him, would look very suspicious. apofce. sniote his ear he turned and plunged into the forest. ' With many a startled look around, as the -least noise fell upon his ear, the murderer pursv - his path across the wooded ranges [dense undergrowth of the valleys. Ithqugh there was no eye on him save the qpinjjjone of God, his guilty fancy peo- SShe solitude with lurking spies and unyehemies. It was not that terrible adion, : " Vengeance is mine, saith the !.vill repay !" that- he fearedso much, the weak and fallible punishment of eUoW men. CHAPTER XX. OK THE FARM. When Sheridan and Armytage arrived at 'the farm they found matters in a very unsatisfactory state. The hands, not having a head to guide them. had -taken things pretty much as they pleased. They had the opportunity to " loaf," and they took advantage of it. Sheridan, who was still in the toils of his companion, was in no humor to attend to the routine of:farm work, and Armytage professed tAitare ignorance of such duties ; but the presence of the master infused a little more activity into the men, and the work soon improved. ;Th<> farm was a fairly comfortable one. •Wifh the trequeht- additions made to it, the area now comprised 700 acres, and about 150 Acres of that was cleared and cultivated. The soil in the valleys was rich and procured prolific crops of potatoes,oats'or wheat, while the whole of the land was suitable for glazing purposes. The homestead was ;•„ substantial and comfortable one. The first owner, who built it, had the good,old-fashioned ideas on the subject- of farm- houses, and the first thing he did was to lay the building out in such a wnahner that all future additions should be ou park e concerted plan. Sheridan had added a couple of rooms to 3LS 'place-since he purchased it, and these je^re. Rendered absolutely necessary by the 'purchase of more land and the number of men Mwflcd-to work it. -•••••- • ^ Even with the additions there was no room jjto qiare, and when. Armytage accompanied^ t IC owner to the i'..r::I tlierj was sorao difficulty in obtaining .a-room for him, and aft -r a while ha expressed his willingness to sliarj the same quarters as the leading hand on the farm. For some days after their arrival S'.icridan could not be induced to leave the house to search for the missing treasure. H-J really wished to avoid his companion, and stayed at the house for that purpose. Finding all his efforts to induce the farmer away from the house useless, Armytage took excursions alone. At the end of a week he persuaded the enslaved man to accompany him and . point out the spot where his plough had struck the hidden box, but that did not assist him in the least in the prosecution of his design. Sheridan, being now in one of his more agreeable moods, accompanied him through the bush for several days, but he soon relapsed into his secluded habits, and Armytage pursued his wanderings alone. The spirit of the place seemed to be upon him, for immediately he had breakfast he woidd fill his flask and start into the forest . Tiic whole day he would spend walking aimlessly about, peering into the scrub and here and there turning over the dead leaves, which in places lay thickly on the earth. _ At times he would obtain a level- and turn over logs; in tlio hope - that sonictliing .would be revealed that could assist'tim in his quest. The farm laborers frequently met him in his solitary walks, and they soon came look upon him as demented. Ho had more than ouce visited Blackburn's abandoned hut, for the place seemed to possess a curious fascination for him, and alxMt' three weeks after his arrival at the farm-liouse he found himself at midday for tin; third time in close proximity to the hut. It was on this occasion that he committed the brutal attack on Hilton recorded in the last chapter. After getting away from the place he. remained concealed near the farm-house until darkness came on, so that he could enter unobserved. He had been lying in the scrub about two hours when be was suddenly aroused by the sound of footsteps on the craclding/undergrowlh and, with a hunted look:of; fear, lie j itoped to his-'feet.aud wajs about-to retreat, when, through u small' opening in the thicket, lie saw Sheridan approaching and at the same moment the former caught sight of him. Flight was now impossible and, with mingled feelings of fear and satisfaction, he waited for the unexpected new-comer. He was frightened to be discovered in his present* state'of agitation, but he felt a satisfaction in seeing that it was the farmer who had come on him. If he has me I have him!" was his thought. Sheridan was rather taken aback at the wild Jippcaratice of his guest, for Armytage invariably preserved a- calm demeanor. He looke'd at him for a full minute before bespoke and then'Silid - - • • - *' « • What on earth is the matter ? You look as frightened .as if you had seen a ghost.'' JJIhe'" ftittn addressed tried;;to look' uiuSan- TOrned'-ts his'companion: -spoke, bttt the attempt. only ended in a shudder. He had at first thought of concealing the gold from Sheridan, but the latter's sudden, appearance prevented him carrying out that idea, and he concluded it would be better to tell him of his luck. " No ; I haven't seen anything to frighten me; but, through my persistent hunting ,for the treasure, I have; been rewarded ^ finding i portion of it. I discovered one of the boxes a couple of hours ago. I had some difficulty with it; and, what with hunger, labor andi excitement, I suppose .I do look somewhat' queer!"- -.•..• " Found the gold !" exclaimed the farmer. Where did you find' it ?" " Down at the;—that is to say, about .two miles from here,. carelessly planted in some scrub.:[ I looked for the other boxes,but found no trace of them," answered the embarrassed man. " I will go with you to-morrow, and we'll make a better srarch.v We must get the remainder. We will never be content until we do;'' spoke Sheridan excitedly, with the old gleam of avarice in his eyes. "Yes; to-morrow we will go. It is too late now." "Come up to the house and let.me see what you have found. I am all anxiety." , > ." I.-don',I' want to g*» before dark,"' aa- 's'wtred Armytage.' " If the farm hands 'see me tarrying this bundle and looking excited it might raise their suspicious, and we don't want that." " You are right! you are right'." assented Sheridan. " The less talk there is the better. We must keep our business to ourselves. I will stay with you, and if anyone comes by it will disarm suspicion." Yes; that will be best. It will be dark in another hour, so that we wilLnot have long to wait." The two men sat down with flushed faces and, in hoarse whispers,conversed until darkness had gathered around. Then they went cautiously in the direction of the house, Armytage ever and anon casting guilty looks around as if he was haunted by the ghost of his supposed victim; and when they, reached the homestead Sheridan took his companion into his own room unobserved. " You must stay in the room with me now, as you cannot remain with nV overseer, who would be almost certain to find out the gold. I will make a bed up here, and then we can arrange our plans without fear of interruption or discovery." Having thus decided, Sheridan had a second bed put in the room, and during the night his companion showed Mm the gold he had found, keeping back, of course, a few bars for himself. " There is a small fortune thea'e," remarked the farmer to his companion. " We must be in luck'6 way. First I discover a box and now you find another." "By all just rights, as we have entered into a partnership over this matter, I should retain what I have found," replied the latter. " You have given me only a fraction of your find, and I don't think I should halve this find with you. That will make us about square." " Oh ! ' Honor among thieves," you know. You'surely would not act as you say. I always gave you money when you asked for it, and what more could you e:cpect ? You will divide with me, surely'." " I'll make a fair bargain with you. Sheridan. I'll repay you what you advanced to me, and then we can cry quits. We will then be on an equal footing, and if we find any more of the ' plant' we will go halves with it. You ought to be glad that I shall be no further trouble to you, as I have provided for myself now." " I don't think that is fair. I watit half the gold and I will have it. I wouldn't do such a ; thing on you." " I tell you I will not give you half of it," Armytage replied angrily. " You didn't give me half of yours, and you must be content with what you get. If you denounce me to the police I will do the same with you and we'll both lose everything." The determined tone of the man convinced Sheridan that it would be useless to argue further with him then, and after reflecting a little time he said : " Well, don't let us quarrel about it. I know you are a good-hearted. fellow, and I will trust to your honor for a fair division. Perhaps to-morrow we may find more,and we will be content." It.is veiy easy to talk of to-morrow," but it never comes to some people. T.'ii^ucmsls who look upon the setting sun with bright h:>p >s and pkus for the futurj in their mimls, iiev,T ag:iin see the glovioiLS orb of day illumine til;: world : for, ill daylight or dark, that t.Ti.h'ss reap r Death pursues his coinvij, and ever and always the human harvost is being gathered in by the Sickle of the Gleaner. CHAPTER XXI THE MISER S CURSE. Women and wine arc generally understood to be the ruin of men who go wrong on life's highway, but whilst there is a good deal of truth in the statement, it is quite beyond doubt that gold is responsible for more human wrecks than the other two causes combined. Money is a two-edged weapon. It wall cut both ways. It is potent for good or ill. For, while it can be made the means of incalculable good—of rescuing the waifs and strays of the world---it ei;u also be used to drag down the. bwst. of humaiiity. There is probably n<> cursu so terrible as to be a miser. The burning thirst for gold saps up the geidal springs of life, and the affee- ; tions that should be lavished on his kin are bestowed by the ltiisor on his mouey-bags. He lives for nothing else but hoarding gold, and he is a useless excreseeiice on the human race. -Racked with fears and forebodings of loss, he .never knows what content or happiness is, and his life in reality is an accursed one. Michael Sheridan was not, in the full sense, a miser, but he had the seeds of the complaint in his composition, and they only needed something to fe \l on when they would burst forth luxuriantly and produce a rich harvest of results. After his unsatisfactory interview with Armytage, he left tile bedroom and went to another part of the house, where he seated himself at a table with a bottle of brandy in front of him. Time after time he helped liimself to the fiery liquor and, with his elbows on the table and his head between his hands, he remained for hours in profoundest thought. At length the drink began to take effect, and he muttered, aloud : " I must have half, and I don't see why I shouldn't have the lot. Ho found it on my land aud it belongs tome. He'll not leave here- with it as he thinks he will. I must stop him soineho w." Then, after a lojig pause, he raised his head and said: I wish the wretch was dead 5 If he was any good he would have died before this. He is like an ill weed, or one of those twisted and useless trees which the woodmen pass by while they fell the good ones. If he would die I'd be content." With these savage words on his lips his head sank on the table in a heavy slumber, and lie only awoke as the morning sun streamed inland the bustle and noise outside awoke him. "'Where did TOU get to, last night? You were not in your room," asked Armytage, when he met him later on. " I fell asleep in a side-room over a drop of brandy, and slept until morning The queer look on Sheridan's face as he spoke to his companion did not escape that keen observer's notice. " You don't look well, my friend, and you are actually shivering," he remarked " I have caught cold sitting up so foolishly all night, I suppose, and I must, s.iy that I don't feel well," was the reply. Armytage had no wish that Sheridan should accompany him that day as he had his own plans to lay, and the fanner, who felt somewhat conscience-stricken when he remembered his thoughts of the previous night, also wished to be alone, and he said: " It would be only tempting providence for me to go out to-day. I will go to bed." This exactly suited Armytage, for it would be, to say the least, inconvenient to point out where he got the gold, and next day he intended to quietly depart with his booty, without giving Sheridan anything. The thought of his victim lying in the woodcutter's hut was haunting him, and he wanted to get away from the district; yet some indefinable impulse urged him to remain. "I will stop another day, at any rate. Nothing will happen in that short time, and then I will leave here forever and leave. my avaricious and gambling friend to himself and his cards," he thought. " Don't you think wo had better let our search for the gold stand over until to-morrow r" he spoke aloud. "I think so, for I am in no humor to go to-day," replied Sheridau. " A day will not make much difference, and in the morning we will make a good start and, I hope, meet with more luck," replied Armytage. During the forenoon Sheridan never spoke a w ord about the gold, which some what.surprised his companion, who expected him to renew his solicitations for an equal division. At mid-day he went out, telling the fanner ho would return in hour or so. He had changed his clothes and wrapped the ones he had worn on the previous day iu a bundle, as he was so suspicious of discovery that he, was determined to destroy them' on the first opportunity. He had no actual reason for this course, only that undefinable dread which seems to perpetually haunt the murderer. When he'had gone Sheridan walked with halting steps across the yard to a store-house some little distance from the main building. Tiie door was locked, but, taking a key from his pocket, he opened it and went inside. After shutting and re-locking the door, he searched the shelves,and at laat found a small cannister, which he took down and opened. It was nearly full of a white powder aud, taking a piece of paper that lay on the floor, he put some of the powder into it and replaced the cannister on the self. Putting the jiackage in one of his pockets, he opened the door aud retraced his steps to the house. When Armytage went, away he had no fixed intention of going to any particular place. His steps led him in the direction of a paddock where large trees were burning for clearing purposes. The sight of the roaring flames brought to his mind the suit of soiled clothes, which he had wrapped in a bundle aud left in the bedroom. " I was a fool to leave that parcel behind me. The sooner it is destroyed the safer I will be. I'll go back and get it now and burn it. No one will notice me." Reproaching himself for his foolishness iu not at once destroying tl»e clothes which he seemed so anxious to get rid of, he went back to the house aud entered the bedroom unperceived. He had taken the precaution before leaving to take nearly all the gold with him, and only a small portion had been concealed in the room. "It's not safe to trust Sheridan," he thought; but even if he takes this small portion it won't be much of a loss." As he lifted up the bed-clothes for the bundle he had hidden there he uttered a low cry of dismay, for it was gone. If he had just been sentenced to death he could not have been more terror-stricken than he was at that moment. He sat down on the bed trembling—after first turning it over aud searching the room in the hope that he might discover the bundle somewhere about, but his search proved fruitless.—To BE CONTINUED. 510 F T 11 t r .. {llXBroars ueseuvkd. | 