DRESS OF THE DAY. i A new model for an evening clonk (a writer on for 'he New Year," in the Standard, eaye) is ot i;,.h groy and black brocaded satin, with a large wide collar, with boa, aud fronts of black Thibet lamb or astrachnn. flm softer, looser wool having the best appearance. This cloak is fur-lined, and reaches down to tho feet, covering the gown. A shorter half- length opera cloak, of wliito brocaded velvot, lined with golden -brown eatin, has tho upright collar, and fronts of the now Visor fur, which much resembles marten-tail, and is becoming very fashionable for trimming purposes, for which its nnwers very well. comfortable eveniko collarette. A collarette of white Thibet lamb fur makes n charming addition to evening dress, and will be found cosily warm and comfortable. A mixture of colours forms tho most striking features in the latest Parisian creations in millinery. Either tho flowers are of different colours, or the rosettes of ribbon of different colours. Thus, in one model, peach colour, vert d'eau, and rose do Chino are tho colours used for tho narrow satin ribbon rosettes ; in another, blue, pink, aud grey. Feather crowns, lined, of course, are another feature ; black ostrich feathers over heliotrope velvet, wide strings of this colour coming from the hack, and tho raised brim lined with tho velvet drawn in full pleats, tho tip3 of tho feathers falling over and forming an edging to tho brim over tho forehead. Another bonnet is a sort of bcof-eater sliapod mass in dark blue velvet, with pale pink and greyish green rosettes of frayed out silk, tho strings being of the velvet. A whito torry velvet bonnet, with whito ostrich feather crown, was charming. In this, tho velvet was full inside tho front of tho brim, and a diamond butterfly set adorned tho folds to tho loft side. A striped whito volvet bonnet was studded over on tho loft side with sparkling jet butterflies, tho wide silk strings, cut on the cross, fastened by tho same ornaments. Black satin hats, in quite a new shape, are fashionable. Thoy havo brims lifted on one side, and tiro simply trimmed with either black or coloured ostrich feathers on tlie crown. Ono of the smartest, and, at tho same time, cosiest, of driving coats is made of fino sealskin, and has a deep roll collar, which can either be turned up to protect tho back of the neck and oars, or turned down, showing tho scarf. This coat is cut double- breasted, fastening with large tortoise-Bhell buttons, with loose, straight back, and long, straight sleeves, set in rathor high and full on the shoulders. Its loose fit makes it very comfortable to drive in, and yet does not interfere with its style. For a wrap worn over the habit when driving to cover it i3 most convenient. The same shape in a soft, thick, rough fawn cloth, with roll collar of beaver lined with squirrel or some warm material, is, of course, less expensivo, and answers the samo purpose ; tho buttons for this would be either of bone matching the cloth, or pearl, 'llicso are only throo-quarter length coats. STYLISH ASTItACIIAN JACKET. High collars and BUomaers maintain tnelr popularity, and fur jackets and cloaks are made nmch in this fashion. "We present a sketch from a Regont- strcot shop window of a seasonable and warm ostrachah thrae-quarter j acket. Bodices for tweed gowns are (Weldon's Ladies' Journal says) comparatively plain in make, some times tight-fitting in Newmarket form, sometimes with a deep tabbed basque, while those opening to show a waist of another material are extremely smart. For home gowns greater scope is allowed, and these bodices are in many cases of the corselet make, with the upper part full. Where two materials ore employed, or where tho material is to be trimmed with passementerie, volvet, or fur, the corselet bodice is in high favour. Among tha pretty belts shown this season is tho Swiss shape in velvet, beaded and jewelled most elaborately, and finished with a deep beaded fringe. The long Newmarket jacket is very serviceable in cold weather ; one of the newest models is in tweed in brown and bluo check, the blue being very faint, This is lined with a soft woolly material, it is loose in the back, fitting in very slightly to the waist, with one pleat and buttons on the back seams. Tho collar is a deep roll, the sleeves mado with deep cuffs. A soft hat of the samo material, with wing feathers, looks well worn with it. Women take part in tho discussions of Wisconsin farmera' clubs. The editor of the Port Plain Bcghler hae his ofllco and register connected by telephono. Yesterday Mr, Skidd, of Little Falls, an old friend, called on the editor and expected to remain for dinnor. The editor hurried to the telephone and shouted to his wife: " Mr. Skidd will be up with me to dinner, lay an extra plate." "Now," said the editor, " Mr. Skidd, you may converso with her." As the gentleman was about to approach tho instrument these words were plainly heard : " You tell Mr. Skidd we don't keep a hotel on wash-day." Mr. Skidd excused him self for a few moments, and was noxt seen eating fried clams in the Rainbow Saloon on the corner. The following verdict was given in writing by tho foreman of a coroner's jury in Nebraska : " We are of A Pinion that tho Decest met with hir death from Violant Information in the Arm prdust from sum Nnoan Cause." Tun speaker is a tall, parchmeut-facod woman carrying many bundles, and accompanied by a poodle dog and a little man, who looks unhappy enough to be licr husband. She appears at tho door of a smok ing carriage. " Quice fall, madam," says one of the occupants. " No, sir, there is room for one, and I and my husband will sit in it." She sniffs, and exclaims, fiercely, " James, it is a smoking carriage." "Yes, my love," replies tho husband, humbly. " I won't go in there." " Madam," says the solemn gentlemnn, rising in his seat," one moment : we will express our regrets ; my brothers, threo cheers, subdued cheers, please, so as not to shock the lady's nerves." They cheered, and she slammod the door. Sunset Cox mado rather a good point on Judge Kelley, of Pennsylvania, when ho called him the " per turbed ghost of pig-iron." Judge Kelley received the hit with a pig-ironical smile. Tennyson declines an offer of 5000 dols. from an enterprising American for a poem ia which a tragedy is averted by "Rixx's Bitters." Wo despiee a man who'll fool away such a chance of waking money. Send Rixx to us. — Boston Paper 