, Parson Joel. The California gold fever was at its height wlieii the crowd of fortune seekers, excited by the prospect of immediate gain, xnshed to the banks of the Bang*long. We — that is, Jack Pettit and I— had fol lowed the gold away tip the river for long -weary miles, sometimes in ' company, often alone, occasionally finding dust, but more frequently' digging from sunrise until sun Bet without seeing a speck. In common ?with thousands of adventurers, who were in a similar plight, we were ever mocked, by the fickle jade Fortune. The most incomprehensible thing about it all was that there seemed to be some party for ever in advance of us ; for, al though the banks of the river were undis turbed, the .water came down from the hills laden with mud, /which was'^easily recog nisable by a miner's eye. , It waB only after a long, tedious tramp with, heavy hearts and ever-lightening pockets', that we came upon the advance party. They welcomed u's with what grace they could, which was not much ; but bur arrival mattered little, for .others quickly came along our trail, now in companies and again singly, until there were fully fifty gold-seekers of almost as many nation alities upon the ground. All of these re mained, not one went further. There was . no need, for the bed of the gold had been 1 discovered. Within the space of a square I mile or so, thereabout, lay enough of the precious metal to have enriched a thousand miners beyond the dreams of avarice. The camp was pitched on the bank of the river, which, under the scorching rays of the summer sun, had dwindled down to a mere freshet. There was none too much ?water obtainable for the requirements of gold- washing ; it was rapidly becoming too precious a {Commodity to be recklessly employed as a beverage — a result which gladdened the heart of Bert Togue, the bar keeper, who, with the keenness of a vulture for scenting out carcasses, had followed promptly upon the heels of the thirsty miners and adventurers. The scenery -was impressive and awe inspiring. Bleak, barren, yet priceless quartz reefs rose in long undulating waves of Btone like a petrified ocean on every side. Beyond these lay the bush and scrub, interspersed here and there -with clumps of pine, whil« further away still a long range of low, naked hills stretched along the sky line until they were lest in mist. Those hills enjoyed an evil reputation as resorts for bands of redskins, who had cut off more than one prospecting party, and of prairie pirates and road agents, who were even more merciless than they. In one thing both were cordially agreed — their hands were against the miners, and equally the miners scored^against them on every possible opportunity. These fellows served one useful purpose, for the fear and dread of them caused ua to keep together, as to have fallen into their hands would have been certain death. One evening, -when the cradles -were busily rocking and the dippers flashing, a stranger rode into the camp. His jaded nag was nearly travel-spent, its tongue lolled ; limply out of its mouth, the great ears ifiopped loosely over the bleared, bloodshot I eyes, and its withers were badly wrung. I Nor was the appearance of the rider mote [attractive. ' He was an undersized, thin, redhaired man ; and, as he sat there upon his sorry steed, almost spent with fatigue and hunger, he looked the most unpre possessing of mortals. The arrival of a stranger was too common an event to attract attention in a camp where the collection of glittering wealth was the one eerioua business of life. There fore no one spoke tc or even noticed the new-coniert who, after looking slowly around as if to take in all the bearings, rode up to Togue'a bar; Having climbed down and hitched up his nag, the stranger entered the large shanty in search of that provision for man and beast -which it was the barkeeper's proud privilege to dispense and that of his customers to pay for. * LSttr in the evening, when digging was ended and the everlasting damper had been dispose of, the boys assembled beneath Togue's hospitable roof-tiee for the accus tomed drink and fun. The red-haired arrival was present, keeping (Unobtrusively | in the background. He had. no kit with Mm nor anything to indicate that he was a prospector, although his travel-stained I appearance and the freedom with which Ue spoilt his cash, showed that he was Ibunili&r; with the customs of mining life. . ? In one of the lulls of conversation he epoke. His voice sounded soft and low liio a woman's, but ita sweet and perfectly modulated tones penetrated through the long bar. It wa^ long since any of us had listened to such a silver strain. Words pure as tha notes of English songbirds, and unsullied by ribaldry or blasphemy, were all too scarce and strange on the Bangalong or anywhere else in California. ' Who d'ye s'poee he is, mate ?' 'Don't know. One 'o tham Frisco chaps, maybe. P'r'aps a sneak a-spjdng out/the aakodness o' the land.' The apeaker laughed at his own sally of '. wit. . . ; . . : Speculation was cut short almost at once. : The little red-haired man, turning to us, said, civilly enough, and with a slight tremor in his voice— ' ' Beys, I am a missionary, and have been sent here that I may look after the interests ' of those who hay* left fa there and mothers '? behind in the olid Eastern States.' The speech was greeted with derisive 1 laughter. , ' ' ] 'A parson!' ? ; ' . . . 1 Taking no notice of the interruption, J except that bis choek reddened a little, lie : continued ? '-' ' You will -find mo a- friend. BypermiB Bion of the keeper of this saloon there, will : be preaching hefe'neit Sunday afternoon ; ' and I mean to practice 'that which I praach.'- ? - v, ' . ? ?: ; A. hum df excited 'voices now drowned j Ite speaker's words. When, it ceased he *'?? Muidgone.- 7ilt\\-;;-'^t'l~-i' '-;::..:'-.-'?' A I Judging from the conversation which * followed, it SBemed probable that the I parson, if he should attempt ;to carry out I I ais intGnti«n, would encounter a lively op- - I position ; the camp not .being on assembly' ?'. I -»f saints, nettveven latter-day ones. : I Sat Bamething ooeurwrd that night - whioL entkely altered the situation. i I A. sharp word spoken to Tftgue'B sou tc a j lough Yankee led to -a rapid unmuzzling of ' bulldogs,' with the result that the bar keeper's son, who was a general favarite, was shot through the shoulder. ; Camp opinion ran high against the per-* petrator, who was even threatened -with lynching. -- ^ -: . ; -r: . ' ? ' f When the tumult was at its highest, the parson came 'back, and quickly made himself master of the condition of affairs. ' Hold, unhallowed men,' .he exclaimed, in those low, earnest tones of his, ' -would you add sin to sin? Let this man go, and your forgiveness shall be his greatest punishment.? ' ' Stand aside, mister, this ain't no time for preaching — we are on business here.' ' I will not Who among you has a right to take away a , life which he cannot restore ?' A voice in the reax of the crowd re joined — ' I guess, stranger, we hev. And we are going to.' A rough-looking man, -who was to all appearance, a leader in this roughly con stituted court of justice, now interposed. He eaid — ' You mean well, stranger, no doubt j but you air out of place here. Take my advice and make yourself scarce, for you can't do good and ypu may do harm. Jake here has got to die ; we says it. 'Tiffn't the first time he has been too handy with his shoot ing-iron ; but it's got to be his last. Eh ! boys?' ' But I tell you, men, you will com mit — ' ' Go, parson, and don't meddle with -what doesn't concern you. What are we vigilants for?* ' I have a duty, men, to perform, as* well as you, and will not be deterred from doing it. You say you will slay this man. .'Then hear me j you will only kill him over my body.' The miners liked gzit, wherever found ; and a low murmur of applause greeted this speech, which twas to them far more impressive than any mere plea for mercy could have been. The rough, fellows talked to one another, the culprits' guards, perhaps intentionally, relaxed their' vigi lance, and in the confusion' the Yankee disappeared, giving his comrades* and would-be executioners time to let their anger cooL Young Togue did not die. The parson, who gave his namo as Joel Baldwin, constituted himself the sufferer's nurse, attending to his every want, dress ing his wound and feeding bim like a child through the long days and nights more tenderly, the grateful old saloon keeper said, than any woman could have done. This act of devotion touched the heart of the camp, which lay deep, but was not dead. When Sunday afternoon came round the congregation was a crowded one. At the very outset of the proceedings the preacher made an important demand upon the goodwill and forbearance of his audi ence. He commenced by pointing out the dan gerwhich attended the mischievous practice of carrying shooting-irone, enforcing, his argument by reference to the critical con dition of young Togue. He then further urged the inappropriateness .of these de structive weapons being brought into the house of the Prince of Peace, statad his personal dread of such, and concluded an earnest appeal by insisting that all who might attend, his ministrations should deliver up their weapons to the saloon keeper on entering. The gaunt miners looked foolishly sheep ish, laughed, demurred, and then, when they saw that the man meant 'what ho' said, handed over the irons into the custody of Bert Togue. r Togue took charge of all these, placing them in the box which served as a pulpit, so that the parson trod the- carnal woapons under his feet. Several weeks passed, and the influence of Parson Joel,' as he was familiarly called, began to effect a marked improvement in the camp. Duele became lens frequent, irregularities less pronounced; the weakest found that they had some chanco in the battle for wealth and life. The Sunday afternoon preacliing became an extraordi nary success ; not a man* among us would have missed it upoR any consideration, the parson had such a winning way with him. Togue, jun., too, began to improve under the care of *his self -constituted nurse. ? The gold, which yielded heavily both in dust and nuggets, was regularly deposited with a firm of brokers, whose fair dealings inspired their clients with confidence. Once in every moath an armed oscort came over from 'Frisco and conveyed the. accumulated precious metal to the bank. P-arson Joel had been with us tbree mottths, finding plenty of work both in in structing and nursing his Tough flock, more than one member of which it had been his melancholy duty to consign to the aurifer ous dust.- During this time he had increasingly endeared himself to all, so that more than one nugget had been pressed upon hiin for acceptance by rough, fellowa who could conceive of no other means of showing their gratitude. These were invariably declined, with the remark that he had enough for his personal needs, and sought not theirs, but them. All this increased Parson Joel's reputa tion for ceodnese ; he became idolised by all. ..'.?? About this time the pirates of the prairie became increasingly daring, and there were rumors that a band 'of them had allied with the road agents, forming a camp in the hills, under the leadership of a daring fe male named Base, whom they had consti tuted their queen. ? . The rumor had -acquired force from the fact that a man 'who had 'recently joined us was found shot dead in the scrub. This occurrence Berved to. make us increasingly careful ; ont no one appre hended ^serious trouble such as an attack upon the camp, which by ;this time num bered 100 sonls all told | aniii whole fcands cwuld keep their keada/'. , ? ''/' ''? The month was drawing to a close. The Saturday night saw the last bag of dust deposited*; \an4 the honel& brokers retired, holding fully,^£tS,dO0 worth of the miners' property, which, would, aliWa^ well, be e& route for '.f riflco on tkfc. following Monday. , ' ^ On. Sunday xuoming tot? bWtati -gaist-- going miners remained reading or smoking in their shanties, or wandered aimlessly down the gully; whil« the rougher sort scattered around among .the ; various bars 'Vrhich had sprung upV. ^'V^hen the hour for service struck, every one, except the brokers and young Togue, -who, with tlie willing consent of Parson Joel, had gone for a stroll, was in his place. ; r Togue, although vastly improved, was still weak, and needed, so the parson said, all the fresh air he could get. There was no lack of it in the vicinity of the camp. In accordance with Parson Joel's custom, all the firearms -were collected and depos ited in the depths of the extemporised pulpit before the service 'began, bo that during worship he mounted guard over them. The opening hymn being concluded, the parson led in prayer. At the moment when the ^attention of all was absorbed in this exercise, a shot was fired outside, and the sounds of a scuffle, followed by a wild cry f »r help, was heard proceeding from the direction of the gold office. . . The miners, like a famished lion aroused from its lair, sprang to their feet, onj.y to find themselves face to face with two tall masked men who had quietly, and unob trusively entered the mxilding. These, presenting their revolvers, thundered- — ' ' Hands up I The first of you who moves is a dead man.' The situation became clear. The camp was attacked, and those who should have been its defenders had been rendered de fenseless by their own action. One possible chance of ' escape remained qgpen. There was the door behind the preacher who had remained a quiet, un moved spectator of the proceedings. If this could be gained, the attack might 'even yet be beaten off, and the gold saved. Those of us who were farthest -removed from the robbers made a partial movement toward the door. But this was quickly checked, for, 'as we gathered ourselves fora rush, the meek and gentle attitude of Par son Joel underwent a complete and terrible . change. The man's ..slight form dilated, his usually mild eyes flashed fire, and his coun tenance became so altered as to be scarcely recognisable. With ' a movement which7 was almost quicker than light, he whipped out a brace of Colt's revolvers from some secret pocket, and with the skill of a prac ticed marksman, he, who feared the very sight of a pistol, covered the congregation in front as completely as the two strangers had done in the rear. We were checkmated completely* \ The game so boldly played was -won. The helpless diggers, chafing under the indignity which was even less patiently to be borne than the threatened|loBs, sat down again, anticipating only too -well, the course whicb. events would take. Our chagrin was not lessened whea. Par son Joel, without the ghost of a smile upon big face, said— \- 'Freinds, adversity comes, sooner or later, to us all, in order that we may learn how to practice as -well as preach. You are' all witnesses that I have frequently be sought you not to put your trust in riches, which take to themselves wings and fly away.' He had scarcely ceased speaking when, a peculiar cry — the yelp of a coyote — was: heard in the distance. This was evidently the signal for which the marauders had been waiting, for Parson Joel bowed ironically, and, kicking open the door behind him, immediately disappeared. The other twp 'similarly vanished. ? ? Tne miners, like a troop of schoolboys, or a gang of released convicts, tumbled pellmell into the open ; but they were too late. The sound of rapidly retreating horse hoofs Intimated the flight of the robbers. There was no doubt of the direction which they had taken, for one q£ the fugitives was still in full view. So far from urging his horsa to its greatest pace, he seemed rather to check it, designing, perhaps, to aid the escape of the rest of the gang. In his night he had the hardihood to turn and wave his hand to the discomfited miners. These saw' at a glance the extent of the mischief. The gold store had been rifled. Its single defender lay dead in his own_doorway, shot through the heart. The broker had fled. With a wild cry for vengeance, we turned and snatched such weapons as were con venient, then, throwing ourselves upon our horses, dashed away in' swift, relentless pursuit. .? - ? ? -.'?*. The fugitive. evidently observed this, for, putting his steed to its fullest stretch of speed, he rode recklessly over every im pediment, and his retreat appeared secured, ' for he distanced the foremost of ue at every stride. In another quarter of s, mile he would, have gained the shelter of the ranker scrub, where pursuit would have been hopeless j but before he could do so a puff of smoke floated out Over a distant rfeef -, this was follow«d by the report of a rifle, which reached our ears as we saiv the galloping horse stumble, throwing the rider heavily over its head. - ? ?? A man — it was young Togue — came leisurely acroBS the rocks', carrying a still smoking rifle in Ms hand. He was making directly for the scene of the catastrophe ; bat some of the riders reached the spot almost as quickly as he. , The aim had been tree. Tho horse, a magnificent sorrell, lay dead in its tracks, 10 yards behind its hapless rider, who was bruised out of all semblance to ium&nity.; A coarse red -wig had fallen from his head, and a rich' wealth of blood-draggled, tangled golden hair trailed out. over the stones. , . -'. Young Togue stopped, wiped His weapon, andcoolly remarked: . . .£. **. 1 thought something had gone wrong j that*B why I fired. Sorry I wiped the , fallow out though.' 'By the jumping Jeehoshaphat, it's bur Parson Joel ; anyway it's all that's left of him,' murmured some one. Togue stepped forward, a light of recognition flashed -into hie eyes, and he fell upon Ms knees, tearing away tne' rough coat in his 'frenzied; endeavor to discover whether the heart had ceased to 'beat. fie iad scarcfcly dohe this when he sprang to his feet, With ooftBtttrtiation depicted ttpon Mb face, crying :. *' Boye, by all in the powerB, it IS a wwx*oa1' ??;??'???? ?'...;? ... ..'._,--.. ; We were still standing, baffledand arigrj, around a eorpse,Trhen a baind of horsemen dashed up at a gallop, As the leader sprang from his horse, h.e half pushed, half ^ragged a villainous-looking ruffian to the fjcont. ... ..? ..' ?_-/,!'.' . ? .- -'.. .'? ' Here, you' honest fellows,' he called out in tones of command, ?** do any of you know this rapparee scoundrel? We caught him galooting around three miles below, . and as he couldn't give a good account of h'imselfi took the liberty of bringing him along with us.' A dozen men -sprang forward to look into «the captive's face, as., he-glared defiantly, daring them to do their worst, and he read death in their eyes. Then the fellow's gaze fell upon the bpdy of Parson JoeL In a moment the strong man was bowed with anguish, his f orti tti.de forsook him, he fell upon -his knees, gently raised the battered head in hie grimy hands, and passionately kissing the pallid brow $ wailed' — ? - - - - « Oh! Bese, Bessl Good Heaven 1' . Then we all knew that' Joel Baldwin, parson, sick-nurse; trusted friend and gold robber, was none other than Bess, the notorious queen of the pirates of th« .prairie and the' villainous road agents, who had for so long been the scourge of Cali fornia. For one brief moment afterward we ...felt sad at heart. — At.t. the Ykab Round. [On Saturday, July 16. will appear the next of ±he series ot Recollections of a .Lady Detective, entitled 'Black Magic; or, the veiled Lady.'! 