Packs and Roomers. Anarchism i3 rampant in France. Parliament will haeet on. Juno 9th. Terrible railway accident in New South i Wales. Election of members of School Boards of Advice tomorrow. The Treasury bills went off at a very satisfactory rate. Royal Commission on main roads will sit in Adelaide uxet week. , The performances of the Gladstone Cricket Club are very creditable. Nearly 800 applicants for 19 blocks of land Something wrpng somewhere, Edward Brown an Anglican, clergyman committed nuicide in Tasmania recently. Donald McDarmidt a farmer of Parnaroo died suddenly on Friday last of heart disease. Two Anarchists convicted of murder in France were sentenced to imprisonment for life. . Mrs. E. W. Andrews a well known phil anthropist died at Glenelg on Monday last. An aboriginal named Donald was executed at Brisbane for a capital offence on a married woman. Two of Sells Bros show trains collided in Sydney. One man was killed and several injured. District Council of Port Germein will meet at Melrose on May 7th and that of Caltowie on the 9th. Re railway through Georgetown, the En- gineer-in-Chief has signified his approval of the Charles Street route. A piece of land is to be set aside in the Parafield cemetery for a crematioriurii. A step in the right direction. Sixteen thousand applications for land have been received by the Northern and Central Boards during the past two years. The Engineer-in-Chief has inspected ?he ronte of the Blyth and Gladstone railway and expeots to Btart the work soon. To Bay anything to the members of. the Georgetown District Council about Burrs is like the red rag and the bull business. William Cox Secretary of the Working Man's Union at Port Pirie has been charged with embezzling £50, funds of the Associa tion. It isn't very often that "Pencil" — who writes snch very interesting letters to the Kapnnda Herald — commits himself, hut to those who have read W. T. Steads " Ghost stories" and to thousands of other intel igent men who have taken the trouble to investi gate so-called Spiritualism it seems like pre sumption to write the following, especially as it is only a vory short time since " Pencil" declared his intention of investigating the question. " Altogether, let me humbly say, I am not impressed by spiritualistic pheno mena. Having investigated the whole matter, so far as my judgment and opportunity en abled me to do, 1 could not see anything in it which conld not be explained in the siriip- lest fashion." This is not the experience of the majority who have conscientiously inves tigated. The Adelaide correspondent to the Nor thern A rgus of last week in a column struggle, in which he refers to the members of Parlia ment as semi-maniacs and pays them sundry other compliments winds upthns : — "Once I phrenologically took a view of members from under tlie gallery, and for lop ears and reced ing foreheads the few I noticed would stand muster anywhere. There were a few highish foreheads, but they were pinched in at the temples. The dent was remarkable. I take a big hat, these men not more than 6£ short, but they were donbtles doggerel poets, which I am not, and quite capable of fancying the latest woman's fad a revelation, which to me is an abomination. I see that Windsor wretch is credited with a receding forehead, but with a rise from the temple to the ear. If so there is brain. I nevet met a really clever roan, that is a practically clever one, whose brow did not stand well over the eye in a line with the chin and bulge out from the eye te tlie ear, but then I am a pro fessional, and should require a fee to say more." The fact of the poor fellow taking a " 7£ big hat" together with the utter incon sistency displayed in his writing leads one to the conclusion that he is wnat is generally known around these parts as a " fathead." 