FISHER'S GH03T, TO THE EDITOR 01' THE DAILY TELEGRAPH. Sir, — Having only just noticed Mr. Meggy's letter of February 24, I hasten to give hiin a few particulars which aro not generally known. In tho early part of the present century? wheu the administration of tlic criihinai law was as barbarous as it is now absurdly lenient, a young country girl went up to London and obtained a situation as housemaid to a Jewish couple, who kept also a female cook. The housemaid, being a re spectable, conscientious and good-natured girl, was always ready to help her fellow- servant ; and shortly afterwards the cook, in recognition of her kindness, made her a present of a roll of rosc-coiorcd satin ribbon (worth a few shillings), with part of which she trimmed her bonnet. Coming downstairs the next day on her way to church she met her mistress, who had lost a roll of similar ribbon, and now asked the girl where rfhe had got her trimming. .She was, of course, informed without tlic slightest hesitation, but the cook, who had herself stolen the ribbon, naturally denied having given it to the housemaid ; therefore, notwithstanding tlie protestations of the poorgcrl, who had no friends in London, she wan immediately given in charge, committed for trial ami, without loss of time, tried, found guilty and sentenced to death. Some disinterested persons, who were satisfied of her innocence and shocked at the monstrosity of the sentence, undo great efforts to get justice done to her, and after she had lain six weeks in tho con demned cell, in daily expectation of being hanged, her sentence waa mercifully com muted to transportation for life. Alter her arrival in this colony she married a man naured Farley, who then or afterwards resided at Campbelltown, not far from the residence of Frederick Fisher, who lived on his own farm with a friend named George Worrall, and was assisted by Worrall in the management of his affairs. It became known some time afterwards tiiat Fisher contem plated a visit to England, but his neighbors were rather surprised at his sudden disap pearance on tho night of June 17, 1825, without saying good-bye to anyone, which Worrall accounted for by giving some reason for his desiring to get off quietly. Worrall, who professed to hold sonic authority from Fisher, continued to reside in his house and proceeded to dispose of hiaproperty, without exciting much suspicion oi foul play, until, after tlic lapse of several weeks, hurley, sup posed to be drunk, was found one evening lying on the bridge over a branch of Bunbnry Ourran Creek. On his coming to his senses he informed hia friends that, as ho was crossing the bcjdgc, he was astonished to sco liis friend Fisher sitting on the handrail of the bridge, and he, of course, greeted him in a friendly way, not for a moment doubting that it t."m Fisher himself in rt,rxctnn. Instead of returning his greeting the supposed Fisher, by an easy gliding motion, left his position and proceeded down the creek, beckoning Farley to follow, hut the now terrified man, convinced that the appearance wa3 supernatural, fainted from fright. Great excitement was occa sioned by Farley's slorv, which presently came to the c-ars of my father, who happened to be Farley's solicitor. Of course many people laughed at tlie story as ridiculous and waid that Farley, instead of fainting, had dropped down dead drunk, and some even afterwards hinted that ho Irad had a hand in tho murder, though this was extremely un likely, as be was a quiet, respectable man and no circumstance was known which could throw reasonable suspicion on him. As week after week elapsed without any stops having been taken to bring tlie supposed murderer to justice, iny father, who luia become greatly interested in the matt er and was a personal friend of the Attorney- General (Mr. Saxc Bannister), insisted on some effort being made to unravel tho mystery. A reward was offered and the constable at Campbell- town directed to search for fisher's body, upon which he obtained t he assistance of two native blacks and commenced work at tho bridge, where some blood was found <n the rail, though an attempt had been made to burn the stain out. Tnc blacks followed in the track of the ghost, as pointed out by Farley, and presently came to a watcrhole, where they declared that, some scum floating on the surface was white man's fat ; they then led t-lre search jwn-ty some distance further, and ultimately discovered the place where the body was buried about four months earlier. An inquest was held and a verdict of wilful murder returned against some person or persons unknown. Worrall was aiterwards tried and convicted, on what seems to mc most conclusive circumstantial evidence, and executed, notwithstanding the orcitenreut created by the mipiK>scd insuffi ciency of the evidence adduced ; but tins excitement was allayed next day by the pub lication of the fact UmX Worndl had con fessed to having killed Fisher, although he stated (evidently falsely) that ho did it by accident. I learned most of the forer'oing facts from my father, who often rClated them, and ou my going to school at Campbelltown iu 1841 (tho ghost story being still curreut) I have oftou seen and, indeed, sat on tho rail which the ghost had occupied and traced down tho crook and examined the place where the body was found. The story, as told by my ohi schoolfellow John Lang, is full of acci dental ami intentional variations, and he lays the scene at Penrith and brings in Mr. Cox, of ifinlgoft, on the scene ns ft magistrate, which is probably due to some defect in hi.s memory. My friend the 'Hon. W. II. Suttor seems to take little account of the romance of the story, although some of the dream stories told in his charming little biy>k, 41 Australian Stories Retold and Skctehes o: Country Life," are still more romantic nnd unaccountable. It is not difficult to account for the partial preservation of the body, for in the first place the lnurdor took place in the depth of winter, and in the next place the waters of the creek where it was de posited were, when I knew the place, and probably still are, so saturated with alum and other antiseptic salts as to make them quite unfit, for anv mimosc whatever. — Yours. etc., March 12. james norton. 