PURSUED BY THE DEAD! A Christmas Eve Adventure. " Let me tell you an adventure I had one Christmas Eve. It was in the early days, and it happened on what was at that time a lonely road between McFarlane's Hotel and Black Creek. . "I was going to see a customer who lived about ten miles from the railroad," Ue SaiU, MU OS J. leotucu. uuc otomuu about 9 o'clock in the evening and it was a half moonlight night, I concluded I'd drive over at once and get back in time for the train.at 10 o'clock next morning. The road was fairly good, chough it was a lone some one, and i felt pretty sure I could drive it in three hours, carrying a heavy tiuak. I got away by 10 o'clock with a pair of horses, doing my own driving, and for tho first five miles nothing occurred. In fact, everything was going so smoothly that I began to doze. After a while I was suddenly awakened by the noise of wheels just behind liie, and looking back I was almost frightened by a horse's nose neiarly over my shoulder. He was hitched to a buggy in which sat a man and a woman. " ' Look out, there,' I yelled, and whipped up my own team. " Their horse fell back; but they made no reply and I drove on and nodded again, only. to be awakened as before. "Then I became angry and said a num ber of things to which 1 received no answer. Indeed, neither man nor woman so much as looked up at me, but kept their faces down, and did not even pull up their lines. The horse fell back, though, and followed twenty feet or more behind me. The moon was beclouded at this time and I could not see very distinctly, but I did not nod any more, for I was not exactly satisfied with my company. I called to them several times, but they remained silent. They kept right along behind me, though, for three miles, and at one or two places I took little side roads I knew of, which led hack again to the main road, and the others did the same. Once or twice on long stretches I touched up my horses, but the horse be hind me followed at the same speed. The longer this thing kept up the more ner vous 1 became, and once or twice T thought I must be having a nightmare. The last mile of the road was good, and 1 concluded rather than to have a row with these midnight intruders I would run away from them, and as 1 turned into the home stretch I let my team go a.t its "best, and I went along at a four-minute gait, but right behind me came the other horse, trotting smoothly and whinnying every now and then. Somehow I felt the cold chills down my hack, and a panic seized me. I didn't know why. I laid the whip on and my team broke into a dead run, evidently feel ing my own fright and showing the signs of fear they say animals show in the pre sence of ghosts. ; " But running: was of little avail. The other horse was much better than mine and he came after me with his nose nearly in my buggy, aud the two people never making a move to pull him up. With a yell at last I dashed up to the store of my customer, who hadn't gone to bod yet, and he came out with three or four men on the rush, and I almost fell out of the vehicle as he asked what was the matter. . " ' There,' I screamed, ' there, there,' and I pointed back to where I. bad seen my ghostly visitants, but they had disappeared. "'He's got the jim-jams,' loudly sug- gested one 01 uue men, auu. i»nougub pos- sibly I had, but I rubbed my eyes and looked around, and fifty yards down the road I saW the thing that had followed me. It had evidently passed' me when I pulled into the store so suddenly, and I told the men to go after' it. They did so, and in a minute they came back with yells that beat mine. " ' Jim-jamB, is it?'- 1 asked scornfully. "'No; dead people,' replied one with his teeth chattering. . "It wasso,.too, I found out when we had got a drink, and braced up enough to go after it again. They had been strangled for pure malice evidently, and had been tied in their buggy and sent adrift. The horse being a strange one in that locality, had been simply following my team by in stinct, and was probably as badly frigh tened as I was and didn't know half as well where to go. " Nothing was ever definitely known as to the identity of the pair in the buggy, but some years after, a criminal, dying in the gaol hospital here, gave a rambling account of an occurrence where a couple had been murdered for gain, and sent adrift in their vehicle to avoid any clue to the location of the crime. But the matter was never fully settled." '-' I dropped into a hatter's last week to have my hat ironed,'-' says a writer in a contemporary, " A gentleman having pur- nlineail a ei1L> Vtnt nna nf f.Vio oVi nnmori Tin.R ' taken it to the inner room to have it shaped to his head. While he stood bareheaded awaiting his ' tile,' another gentleman en tered, and, mistaking him for oae of the assistants, said, as he handed him his hat, which was an old one, 'Want to have it ironed.' The gentleman accepted the situation humorously, and, taking the hat to the back-shop, called out, ' Just iron that, please !' Presently his new hat was brought out to him, and, while he was ad justing it, customer number two came up briskly and said, You need riot try it on. It looks ail right.. Give it to me.' ' My good man,' was the quiet retort, ' I don't mind being mistaken for a hatter's assist ant, but, when it comes to giving up my new bat for that old campaigner 1 have I just passed in, the line has to be drawn.' " 3 - . 