I Mai»'» Seven Agen. »ISTIXCrrVELY 3fo»BB3f H'IÈW «.«.' A TllEMB I . ILLUSTRATED KY SHAKBSPBAK^ : " Mrs. JoNEH luis ll lml)V." .1 .. TU« deuce you say !" "Fact." .'. . -.. i: . ?.Giri or boy?" <. ..Boy." ' '?": ' .' Let'» hunt up old Jdnesey .omi make him sel. "em up." ?: '. ? ¡ So is« ushered into the world Baby Jones.' very red and-hungry, and, very much troubled with iusoiniua. The former- fiinws on bim, ami. on wea ring off the hitter.-Papa.. Jones loses his hair and several pounds,of flesh and .Mamma Jones loses some «if her,' good looks. *'Pay ?" says Papa Jones in astonishment. ' "Do. babic!s_pay?._Wcll, Lsho.iild_say_thiiyr did." " Pay ?" says' MammaJones : "why tho whole world could not buy him." And so Bilby Jones becomes 'Willi«- .Iones!' and with his little primer and immaculate tie inarches proudly to school. Thereupon- thé hoys "christen" his new shoes by spitting on them,- and they soil bis white tlc rolling bini ovctr In the sand. And Willie Moues erie« and teacher comforts him by telling him to sit on the platform and by calling hi* tor- mentors "tmd boys." Anil they grin, and look ashamed. . ; ¡ i , lint Father Time keeps his soy the u-swing, and lo! Billy .loues Is in the high school. Billy the Kill he Is called now, and he nearly breaks his mother's heart one day because she sees him smoking a cigarette and evid- ently enjoying it. Billy Jones is also inclined to partake of the fruit of his iieighbor's'pear tree, said fruit being obtained after dark. ? Will Jones is a illtl'erent boy ii few-years after lils graduation from the: high school. Life has become a question of neckties and tits on clothes, lie ushers strangers intoseats at the church of the Dan and Beersheba Pil- grims. He leads the German, imd-one day Deacon Potts Is pained to see him coining ont of a bucket shop, where bc has taken ii flyer mi wheat. r - William Jones, aged forty, is the cashier of the liightop' National bank. Mr. Jones is known as one of our best and bi-aluest busi- ness men. Mrs. Jones speaks of him as Mr, Jones, or "William, and Deacon Potts takes his advice on the investment of ii few hun dii'd dollars he has laid by. They talk "«if running bim for the legislature,' and The livening Squash has boomed him for mayor. The little ones call him papa, and run to meet bj m at night when he coinés home.' 1 . "You know old Bill Joni's? He was tell- ing nie the other day how he used to play ball Vvhere the postolllc.e now stands'.' lie's a jolly old fellow, I fell you. ' Told about helping to pitch a teacher out of the win- dow when ne was a boy about forty «ir fifty yeni-s ago." ? > Bill is a jolly old boy. Kept, the company in a roar at bis daughter's wedding with his stories.' They say "Bill has luid by quite a. little pile in lils day. Smooth old -hoy is Bill. He has accumulated quite a stock of experi- ence, at any rate, and is always reiidy with a word of counsel, If you ask his advice, .1 Seventy-five years old today ls "old Bill Jones," or .. Old Billy Jones," as his younger friends love to call lum. There Is no teriu of reproach in fimilliai'lty unless it Is used by tim thoughtless or Inconsiderate. : His old friends have dropped by the wayside «me by one, and old Bill Jones ¡st.be last leaf on the tree, lt is well ripened by time and frost, anil the first breath ol'wint er will detach hun gently, and he. will fall to his parent earth in sweet pence. "Old Bill J «ines !" He has dune Ins work well, and he is ready to go. He wonders if he will meet the old' boys again and talk over the old days. His mind is Hinch on his youth. He loves' to recall old associations. The old voices are in his ears. He smiles as he sees the children play. "Hello, colonel, who's grave is this you aro lilliug?" William Jones', sir." "What? Old Billy Jones ?', "Well, well. So he has gone. But he lived ' to a good old age. Let's see. ' seventy eight years, three months,' the stone says, don't it? That's do- ing pretty well'in these times. Jones was a. good old fellow, though. I remember hear- ing my father tel) how Jones let him~hn.ru fj.OiXMols, once to tide him overa crisis and he never took a bit of security. He and father were great friends once. How long ago? Oh, that must have been twenty or "twenty five years back. Father's been dead eighteen years. Well good luck to bim wherever he is. G ood day. "-JUn.wm pul ix -lon nial. TUE HISAKOX WHY.-Au Inquisitive man tho 'other'day sought information'from a farmer as to why the anomaly of having to depend on New Zealand for potatoes should be allowed to exist in Armidale, when such splendid "spuds" could be grown In the neighbourhood, and so easily. The farmer was a irandid niau, and he did not beat about thc bush for an answer. "Why the simple fact Is," said he " that wc aro too lazy.. Look at me, for instance, f have-acres, which would grow good potatoes, as good as you would wish to see, hut do you think I'm going to toll and sweat over the plough or tho spade -when I can live well enough on my land liv running shee]) mid growing wool unit mutton. Pd bea fool wouldn't I ! 11'wc had no other way to get a. living, why I s'poso we'd be glad enough to grow potatoes, but we haven't, come to that yet, and so we take it easy, lt is time enough to bea ploughing or a digging slave when you haye to. ff wc don't grow enough potatoes in New llCnglaud for the people ol' Armidale and elsewhere, let them look to other places for supplies ! What doesitinuttcr to us where they get thom If lt does not snit us to grow t hem ?" The in «piîsitive man having gob his answer, thought it would be perfectly superfluous to stop and argue the point. So lie left, and soon after found himself buying Hunter Uiver new potatoes ut Ms per cwt. FA5IH.IK.S Sui'iM.lKli.-Mr. J. L. Tonie's fondness for actual joking is well known. Not. very long ago the celebrated actor entered ii dalry shop in London, and, assum- ing a solemn demeanour, addressed himself to the mini behind the counter : " I will take a boy,'' said Mr. Toole gravely, looking round at thi! shelves. " A boy, sir ?" asked the dairyman, lu a puzzled tone. " A nd a, girl," added Mr. Toole. The niau gazed open mouthed ut his customer, evidently under the impression a lunatic was addressing bim. " This is a milk shop," said the dairyman in an emphatic tone. "Come outside," ans- wered Mr. Toole in a sepulchral voice; and taking the man by the arm, he led him to the. door, and pointed upwards to thesign. "I'll take a boy and girl, repeated the humorist, without ii ghost of a smile. "Bead what your notice states : . Families supplied in any quantity.'." A M.utur.E PALACE.-Mr. ?Vanderbilt, the .American millionaire, has just built for him- self a marble palace at Newport. The stair- case alone cost £:jO,00f). The feature of the interior is said to be flic carved woodwork extending almost to the celling in thc main rooms, ft took six skilled workmen all the winter to adjust the woodwork in the grand salon alone, although it came from France, as all the rest did, lu sections. It Is entirely gilded, and thu upper corners are of paplcr lnache. The bronze figures, life size, holding tho niantel-shelf. represent Night and .Morn- ing. The carved woodwork :on the library walls hus been left the natural colour of the oak. One of the prêt! l'est rooms In thc house is intended apparently for a music-room hy- the style of the painting on the dome-like ceiling. Between this and the carved wood walls "is a row of paintings in medallions, having a channing effect. They all repre- sent the arts anil sciences. Silks of the most superb description fill up the llttlu spiices.uuoccupied by carvings. Says an old race follower : " It fakes tuoru head to drive a trotter than to ride a runner. A driver In a trotting race has got to keep his horse up to its trotting ' limit without letting it. break. A driver luis to usu a lot of prudence and judgment in handling a, trotter. Ile hus to know the animal well, lie on to its moods, having its staying [wwura down mic, and feel when he can call on it so as to get tho most out of it. And it Stays lu.-"How is that, little min- ing scheme of yours, getting along?;Any money In it?" - " Any money in it? well, I should say sol All of mine, all of ; my wife's and about three thousand that I got from my friends." 