» . "ninn Br M.D. Author of "Under a Spell," " Victoria Cross Valour," " Science and Sin," " In Cove with a Gliost," " Condemned to Death," Itc., Icc. CHAPTER Xn. a oevrnc zephyr. From the first day of the return of my milady j t pursued a rapidly downward course, and witlij fatal swiftness began to regard the world and my fellow-men as things too far removed from me to afford me the least interest, in fact, 1 was con scious that the mental aberration took exactly the! same lines as it did before 1 hivamo of age. 1 j noted, perhaps, one slight differenee.and it wast hat I made feebler efforts than formerly to struggle j out of this unreal existence. This passivvness was j probably due to an impression that my life was i irretrievably cursed, and tliat, as a necessary con- j sequence, Ethel would never be mine. Having j adopted such a pessimistic belief, it can readily lie imagined liow easy it was for me to abstract all j svmpathy from mankind, and even to regard Ethel j herself with more of melancholy regret than of i passionate fervour. ; "Good or Evil, life. Powers, passions, all J see in other beings, Jiaye beeuioana -aiirtun untothe sands." •r»,« uiougtits, aspirations, affections, and doings of j other people failed to penetrate" the inad despair] which encrusted my heart with an apathy too strong to allffw it to be moistened into life again by the j genial slwwers of human kindness and benevolence. Knowing little or nothing of what transpired during those days of utter darkness, I have had recourse to Ethel's diaxy for information, and the few extracts f liave made from it will serve to shew the ■ heavy punishment I bad to undergo for breaking mv appointment with Rochester, and—what is "mostj pleasing to mo—it demonstrates the pure, unselfish ] love of sweet Ethel Brandon. Gleanings FfiOM Ethel Bdandox's Diatw. November, 21st.—I have been too happy—have ^ enjoyed too lavishly the beautiful present—to have had a thought about what evil the future might bring. In a few short hours, disaster has swept my heart bare of all its^tonderness and sympathy, and 1 left in their places naught but rebellious despair. Why should Nature have smiled so sweetly upon me, if she intended to plant her poisoned arrows in my heart, and tear it with her whirlwinds of cruelty? Why should she have lulled me into per fect rest, and then, in a moment, have struck down a life I love better tlian my own? She would have shewn fffcrcy had she extinguished the vital apart, for ever, instead of h ,n in," if to i--*-»*«'tr'"*"">re , . | — Nature ib Sue!, lite is a wasting fever of aspirations never to be accomplished, and Earth is the abiding place of wretchedness. The few pleasures I liavc snatched only serve to deepen the abyss of misery into which I hare fallen, and from whose yawning gulf there Is no escape. Even man, the product of Nature, cannot free himself from her vile impress; she cramps his views, and, where he might expand into sympathy, she crushes him back to serfdom by suggesting that such an emotion would be contrary to his self-interest. Thus it happens that my brother Jack, Gerald's oldest friend, received the fatal news with cold astonishment, and half-an hour afterwards was in my room urging mc to give up a madman and encourage Kir Charles Morton, who, he said, had been dangling after me for weeks! Adam Gray is every bit as callous, in spite of tlie mock tear which stood in his eye as he told me the sad intelligence. Notwithstanding Gerald's affection for liiin, I begtu to think that I. almost hate this uncle, with his Wringing of hands and tremulous voice, assumed fo)r the purpose c-f bring ing his deep feelings to the surface. Stricken with grief as I was, I could not help noticing tliat his whole manner was too "stagey" to be the outcome of genuine emotion, whilst every now and again a faint gleam of triumph marred his marvellously fine acting. But why should thia m m rejoice over the pitiful condition of his nephew, whom he has brought up like a son from his earliest childhood? Am I not getting as cruel as Nature in permitting my distraught mind to imagine such evil tilings of the guardian of my darling's youthful days? I cannot think now without distorting the actions of everyone around me. It is all too dreadfulAh! Would tliat I could get a brief foigetfuless from this weary world of woe. November 22nd.—I have been permitted to »ec poor Gerald. Thirty-six hours ago he was hand some, bright, and winning enough to take any woman's heart by storm, but now he can only arouse a glance of pity at sight of such a splendid manhood in such irretrievable ruin. His once sparkling eyes are lack-lustre; his tnerry smile is replaced by an awful look of despondency; his con versation is laden with fearful apprehensions which never cease to urge him to seek refuge iti death. How I dread the minutes as they go so slowly, for fear that these promptings to seM destrnction should suddenly become too strong for his will. November 25fch.—Gerald has some consolation iu the inidst of his terrible mental sufferings. I was glad that I was present to-dav during one of his paroxysms of exaltation, for his face became com pletely transfigured, and looked like that of a:i angel basking in ethereal happiness. When he. re covered, he told me thai the gates of Heaven hai been opened, and he had passed iu to enjoy a brief respite from the overwh iniing despair of his earth-life. I learnt from liim tiiat much of his melancholy moodiness resulted from the. bant.*' contrast between his present, existence and the un speakable joys of Elysium. T*nor darling! He added that my presence helped to mitigate the severity o! the gloom, and I promised to lie with him as often as lie wished. Yielding to his solicitation that I would stay to lunch and sit with him again in the afternoon, I accompanied the housekeeper down stairs, and in doing so passed the half-opened door of Mr. Gray's library. The casual glance that I gave revealed Mr. Gray's presence within, so. taking advantage of our intimacy, I went forward to greet him. His back was turned to me, and tbe soft vielding carpet so deadened the sound id my footsteps Tliat he only discovered my proximity by cab-king sight of my reflection in a mirror. I hardly expected that so familiar a face as mine would give lihn such a fright! Out the instant he recognised me he stalled violently, dropped a list 1-. glass bottle precipitately into a box before liitu, where it fell with the. o-.ninou-. rattle of breakage, and titer, closed the lid abruptly, hut ot. quickly enough to prevent a heavy narcotic odour irons per meating the air of the roiiu. "How I have startled you!" I exclaimed, laugh inglv. Hut, as lie slowly turned a haggard t-vviiV,' ia v towards me. the laughter died from "re hp-* au 1 gave place to ai.xi.ty, "What is the matter?." i asked in very different tones. "Let tuc ring for. Ifi jinily y' . . -■ ,\u:he answered, hurrying, more firmly tlian I could have expected, to prevent my ringing the bell. "I am better now, but promise me to conceal from Gerald the sharp attack yon have just witnessed? Poor bov! He has enough to endure on his own account, cud I am not selfish enough to wish to add another burden to his affectionate nature. The truth is, Ethel, that I have been sub ject to spasms of the heart—'angina pectoris ' she doctors call it—for some time past, and the only remedy which affords relief is the powerful drug whoso odour is now diffused c"*"»U£hout the room. I had just taken a dos - when 1 saw your face behind my shoulder, and ill the weak slate of my nerve? became frightened at your sudden apparition, and foolishly dropped the. precious bottle '. "I am SO sorrv ! I ejaculated, touched at his kind wish to conceal his serious condition from poor Gerald. That little hit of unselfishness has sent liim up many degrees in my estiination, although I am somewhat nuzzled at an answer he gave to a simple question I asked him a few minutes later. It was brought about iu this way. My dear old friend Mrs. Jeffrey suffers cruelly from "angina "^flectoris," from which she gets only scant, relief by the use of Amyl nitrite. Naturally anxious to learn the name of any neiv drug which might prove of greater benefit to tlie old lady, I asked Mr. Gray what substance it was lie used during his attacks. "Amyl nitrite," was the answer I gift. lfow, on several occasion* I had broken uleswliich containedthe drugO^epJftP'' . Leu uic _* ; »^ra r77D 6uddesl«^t,S *° he"811' and it thejrfore mm ro *ith its odour jthat I knew at <r ' Gray's Amyl nitrite was I totally my friend's, and I pointed out fthisjiisSinnilarity. j Mr.jSrty, with more hesitation than necessary, corrected his first statement by saying that Lis Amyl was mixed with other narcotics to inmease ! its patency, and after promising to let me have the ! prescription for the benefit of my friend, the sub feet dropped. I should never have allowed myself to%e puzzled over so simple a matter, had it not been for the shiftiness and hesitancy, mingled with an expres sion of alarm, with which Gerald's uncle made his correction. To my mind, there seems something untrue about this man, even in his moments of suffering. Had the above conversation taken place between me and anyone else, I should not have attached the smallest importance to the curious weaknesses displayed hy Adam Gray; yet here am I, writing my diary at midnight, puzzled and per plexed with vague fears because Gerald's only re lative cannot amend a statement in the plain, straightforward way adopted by all honest men. Did I not have a suspicion that a faint gleam of triumph flitted over his face when he told me a few days ago of Gerald's sad condition ? Can it be that he secretjy rejoices over his nephew's awful illness ? that he-—- Oh God ! Save me from imagining such wtia,' wiuKol, iioriauie dungs! 1 cannot commit such diabolical thoughts to paper, and I silently, earnestly, plead for your pardon, Adam Gray, for ever having dared to permit them to leap into consciousness! December 5th.—Gerald is getting worse and eorse, and I firmly believe that if his repeated attacks of frenzied delirium are riot stopped within I a very few days, he will not live • to see the new [ year. He has got rapidly, worse since Dr. Kerr was insultingly dismissed a week ago. I am sure I am right in making use of the word "insultingly" in connection with this clever young practitioner's dismissal, for it simply arose from Adam Gray's choosing to dissent from Mr. Kerr's advice. The doctor confessed that he was exceedingly puzzled by certain anomalous symptoms exhibited by the patient, which, he asserted raised the case from the category of mental disease to that of some peculiar influence operating upon the physical system and j producing bodily exhaustion coupled with alternate i stagnation and stimulation of the brain. Arguing from the curative result which attended Gerald's ! sojourn in Paris, he urgently advised change of air, and offered to place his patient in a comfortable j private asylum kept by a friend of liis at the ( seaside. "Of added, "there will be no jritflTcuITyTbout the certificates, for the old ones still remain in force." j At first Adam Gray said he would consider the ) proposal, but as. several days elapsed without hia J making up his mind, Dr. Kerr then spoke so de i cidedly upon the point that he began to bluster and i hint that the doctor's opinion was that of au j ignoramus. Professional pride being thus aroused, the doctor emphatically declared that if his advice was neglected, the case would turn out badly. Then began a battle of words, which ended in Mr. Gray j asserting his conviction that Dr. Kerr liad misundcr j stood his patient from the beginning, dismissing him j from all furling attendance, and declaring his in i tent ion of publishing his malpractice tliroughout the j neighbourhood, so as to prevent other unfortunate j peoph- being done to death by his ignorance! ' Dr. Kerr was silenced by this torrent of ill-bred invective, but when Adam Gray paused for want of breath, he pithily remarked that the first atom of scandal would ensure an action for lifee!. Then he turned on his heel and left the house. Dr. Kerr's successor is an elderly, sliabbv looking man, disinterred from the purlieus of the East End, who "sirs" and "misses" everyone ad nauseam. He ! is an oily-faced hypocrite, who, I believe, would ! sell his own father for a few pieces of gold. It is a mystery to me how such an illiterate, vulgar man, could ever have entered the medical profes sion. Yet I am assured that a red lamp over his surgery announces the fact that in addition to his giving advice gratis and a bottle of medicine for a shilling, he is an M.R.C.S. and L.S.A. Heaven help a profession which can tolerate such members in its midst, and Heaven help poor Gerald who lias fallen into such hands. Air. Gray professes himself well satisfied at the change, and therefore I suppose I ought to be also, but I am not! Those horribly wicked thoughts which suddenly possessed me more than a week ago still haunt me, notwithstanding my efforts to suppress them. Indeed, I fear that Adam Gray's treatment of Dr. Kerr has intensified them. Why should the idea of Gerald being removed from his charge have aroused in him such uncontrollable fury, and have urged him to insult and dismiss the mau who gave the advice in all sincerity? Docs he feel that Gerald would be safer away from him than with him, aud is that drug he misnamed Amyl a poison which is lie merciful, O Heaven, and keep my brain from creating such cruel, wrongful thoughts against iuy darling's relative, who can only be anxious for the recoveiy of one he had nurtured and cherished from infancy. Fearful despondency and bitter grief have unhinged tny mind, aud made me suspicious against the man who must love him I dearly. | December 6th.—Lady Clitheroe called this after noon and expressed herself shocked at my pale, sad j looks. She insisted ou taking roe home with her in | the carriage hoping, kind-hearted woman that she is, j to wean me from my misery by passing an evening j in her bright, cheerful society. Shortly after dinner several visitors were announced, amongst them I being a Mr. Rochester, whom I remembered to liave j met here onee before. I was a little chagrined at having my quiet tete-a-tete broken up, for society had become hateful to me whilst Gerald was in so precarious a state, and I made up my mind to leave quietly as soon as I conveniently could. Whilst Lady Clitheroe was flitting about amongst her guests, I retired apart from the rest, and seated j myself upon a low riiair by the open door of a con servatory, from which emanated the delicious fragrance of rare exotic plants in full bloom. I had 1 nor. been there more than a minute when Mr. j Rochester sauntered towards me, and claiming j acquaintance, commenced a conversation full of cliann and amination. His power of memory must be great, for although lie had only seen me ] onee before, he yet remembered tliat 1 was engaged : to Gerald Gray, after whom he nude inquiries. The mention of his name so affected me that I eould | not restrain my tears. "Tardon the indiscretion of my question," said Mr. Rochester, in a soft, sympathetic voice. "I could not. guess that his name would cause you so much grief.'' -lie is dying, dying!" I answered, in agonised . accents. "His mental disease has returned, and so I exhausts liim tliat he cannot live a month longer." ! Mr. Rochester stared at me aghast. Then he asked, j "With wliom is-he living?" "With Ids-uncle," I replied, j "With liis uncle!" repeated Mr. Rochester, with | a peculiar look o:> his face. "Is not this uncle hia ! sole relative ? " \ "He is." | In a grave, sympathetic manner, which was very j soothing to my highly- strung nerves, he asked a few , more questions concerning the symptoms of Gerald's delirium, which I answered voluminously. nig whole being so invited confidence, and I was so pleased at having a congenial spirit, to whom I could talk about this all-absorbing topic, that I think 1 must have told liim every minute incident connected with the illness, including Dr. Kerr's dismissal, and even the episode Of the Amyl. When I came to an end of my prolix recital, I looked up and was surprised to see an air of intense sternness pervade my companion's face. His lips moved as if lie was about to say something, but he evidently thought better of it, and closed his mouth so tightly iliat his angry appearance almost frightened in". At last he spoke, and in his usual quiet tones. "I will call upon Mr. Gerald Gray to-morrow. He lias been to my chambers and lias shewn a desire for my friiifelship. I will endeavour to requite his regard by leaving no stone unturned to effect his cure. It will be a great aid to me if I could obtain Dr. Kerr's address, and get at his real opinion of the case." I eagerly furnished the direction, and then Mr. Rochester changed the subject by offering to narrate to me some singular experiences he wen! through during his siay in India. 1 imagine that his object in volunteering to tell me certain events connected with himself, was to distract my atten tion from the painful train or thought conjured up by Gerald's hop.dess condition. Vet It was strange, that he chose a recital replete with terror, and that his words evoked more powerfully than ever my fearful suspicions against Adat. Gray. 1 will write down a brief epitome of what he told lae, and will read it again a week hence, in order to see whether my overwhelming anxiety for Gerald is alone answerable for the weird and awful ideas Air. Rochester's tale has so unfortunately strengthened. After Mr. Rochester had been successful in secur ing sin acquittal for his Asiatic client, the Rajah, in the excess of his gratitude, carried iiitn oft' to be an honoured guest at I'rahmapore, and it was here that iris eyes were first opened to the vile character of his host. Although some of the inci dents he witnessed were sufficiently horrible, yet I must pass them over as tli.-y have no connection with Gerald or with the awful ideas that his narra tive raised in my mind; these fiwt began to suggest themselves whilst Mr. Rochester was describing a hunting adventure, during which lie got separated from iiis party and became lyst^jntlie juugle. Without a single cartridge left ■ to protect * himself from wild animals, he wandered ntiout vainly seeking to regain the lost track, when dart ness overtook hint, sunl fw-M him to «it ilown and wait tor th<; coming of another day. About a i hour after this, Iris solitude was invaded by the advent of about thirty natives, who came silently into the little open glade in front of him, lighted a large fire, and commenced simmering a quantity of dark berries which they had evidently just picked. Whilst this was going on, a low, mono tonous cliant was intoned to the honour of llieir goddess Bhimatra, the beloved daughter of Siva the Destroyer. Unfortunately for Mr. Uochost; r, an inadvertent movement on his part led to his dis covery, and he vras dragged from his hiding-place and condemned to death for having violated the mysteries of sacred Bhimatra! His presence ol urind saved Iris life, for, having noticed that a sort of loving cup bad been handed round with great ceremony, he suddenly snatched the cup from a man's hand and drained it to the dregs. The idea which prompted him to do this action was correct, and he was delighted to find that it had e -tublislied a brotherhood between them—nay, mure, for now he must be initiated into the myst, ri.s and fa* made acquainted with cveiv secret coniieetei with the sect. Briefly, the doctrine of his new faith was this—that, armed with lihiiuatra's poisonous gift, it was incumbent on him to destroy as many human lives as possible. Hospitality or friendship could not avail to save the victims, and ou'y one"* n arest- kith and kin were exempt from the god dess's insatiable thirst for destruction. Mr. Rochester tlieu described the curious effect of small doses of the drug he had drunk to save his 1 if'*, and,strangely enough, his description tallied entirely with the symptoms so often witnessed in poor Gerald, I shuddered as 1 pondered upon the extra ordinary coincidence, but 1 ahno-it shrieked with excitement when Mr. Rochester went on to tell me that only one other European besides himself had over been a member of this murderous fraternity, and he was a Colonel (fray, the father in all pro bability of my Gerald! "Good heavens, Mr. Rochester," I exclaimed, •tartled into speech, "what fearful connection are you trying to draw between Gerald's illness, and "Stop!" answered my companion gent!v. "Do not attempt to rack your brains with wild conjecture. I have merely told you an anecdote connected with myself. Hut I will see Air. Gerald Gray to-morrow, and I believe my interview will give- you good cause to hope, and will very shortly restore those smiles which, if I may be jiemiitted to pass a com pliment, form oue of your chief charms." There! I have written it, even to Mr. Rochester's pretty compliment. I detest that sort cf tiring as a rule, but praise from tliat brilliant, barrister is a very different matter to the mawkish sentiment uttered in heartbroken accents by Sir Charles Aforton and others of tiiat ilk ! 1 do believe 1 feel better for haviug written down all tliat Mr Rochester said to me, for I seem to see a lonphoie of escape yet for my darling. In future, where doctors fail, I think I will call in a barrister! But this gleam of hope is making me frivolous. I have forgotten, for a moment, the awful suspicions engendered, or rather strengthened, by that Indian tale. Only a few mouths ago, I looked upou tile world and its inliabirauts as good and kind, iiow fatally Disillusion dogs the footsteps of youthful innocence, and converts its f'aiadise slowly but surely into a den of thieves who struggle, fight, and murder, solely to secure the gold necessary for luxurious existence! December 9th.— Ought 1 to be glad ocsorrv? Ought I to weep frantic tears of grief, or burst into wild exuberant paroxysms of delight? film, dispas sionate thought is utterly out of the question, fur Gerald lias goue—has gone into the night aud left no sign. At 9 o'clock this morning, Adam Grav was announced, looking more like a ferocious animal brought to bay than a human being. "Where is Gerald? Where is Gerald ?" he buret out with as soon as he saw me. "flis bed was not even slept hi last night, in his condition, I feel almost con vinced that he would have come to vou. Now, Ethel, if you are hiding hint, let ine know and thus relieve the fearful anxiety which is consuming me." "But I have not seen him," I answered. "I kuov* no more about him than you do." "He must be recaptured at all costs," said Adam Gray, stamping his foot more in fury than in so:row. "I will set the police on his trackt" "is it not rather premature, rather unwise, to do that?" I asked, naturally shrinking from any steps being taken which would publish abroad Gerald's infirmity. He turned on me most insultingly. "How dare you dictate to -me? Remember, you are not his w.fe yet. Whit do you mean to insinuate by asserting tliat my proposed action is unwise ?" I burst into tears, and whilst I was indulging is i his relief to uiy feelings, A lain Gray took his de part ui« (l'o be continued.} A. I.KA.&KSD; body of ladies recently listened to a lecture oil a somewhat, difficult subject- 1 he celibacy of the future. While agreeing with the lerlni-.rs maiii principle that one lias duties to posterity, they evidently did not hail with joy the prospect, of a class doomed because of weak physique to celibacr, unci i m inured in cloisters or monasteries with" lmril manual or mental labour as an outlet for their nat ural emotions. Who shall decide which of us are to be celibates V asked one ludv. Who will choose I o enter such retreats aud dwells«ndcr a stigma ? asked another, evidently not to be beguiled by the picture of a calm and honourable haven far from the -* mad ding crowd," and the privilege of guiding tlie world's thought by great works and scientific discoveries, which were lo compensate the celibates for lack of domestic happiness. The mania for old silver continues, and Caruroliim girdles are the latest desire of the collector. These girdles are of beautiful workmanship, and made in alternate links of plain and filigree silver. Until lately they were worn on the wedding-day t.v ihe Oarueolian brides-, but the custom is now dviiie out, and the peasants arc willing to seil them? An Austrian lady is the proud pos-cssm-of thirt v of these girdles, and she finds ahem most effective for d.-co-a J-ive purposes. Silver girdles loop back her white lace curtains, a silver girdle forms a cliai-urim* e<tee to the "silver-table" of moss-giw.it velvet, ami"* .ewelled girdle is arranged in festoons o i the velvet flounce of the mantel-board. All manner of curiosities lie on the silver-table, old Dutch spoons with the sails oi :t windmill at the top ,.f ihem miniature silver spinning-*heels with correct action' aud silver vase* for flowers, old Bavarian n,-r.s;;,n Urirnrs "i,h a*^ '»»«<y ot !ier Pl-ATiSoi minors threaten to lie the ram n„,, peculiar properly is thai thei i,.,th ir.^pv^T reflect light. I-or met a nee. if one of linn,fi. in the panel ofa door, it will not orili " a gloomy room or corridor, in.I will. ~.,u ; J;<-J. /unit a mirror. Anv on.- -i.ui'bnc o:T side of ihe sl.os.vm -eel hr-orb h. m f,J «* IIP, brinirseci. ll :s <.lo inn - ti:.' -u.-h a niii could 111- p.:t I" UI-JUV II-.--. Tire mini.;.- < \-->■«' J-;-'r >' bi-h is si.J.i ,. . . and colours is being largely used for ]i began iis career as lamp sliatiesa,,,), j,..,, i<i «-mvr ; it ianow init. sapij**ii», mid ; and any iii'Mcgiuu bir of funiiture. 