THE WINDSOR MURDER. A GHOSTLY POLICEMAN. False News of a Confession. London, March 25, 5.25 D.m. A policeman is constantly stationed afc Dinham Yilla, Rainhill, in order to protect it from the mob of loafers who are constantly hanging about the house. The officer takes up Ms abode in one of the robins at night, and recently some visitors who had gone up after dark to the scene of the murders hearing linn moving about in the villa, lied in terror, crying out that the ghosts of the woman and children who had been murdered were in possession of the place. Some consterna tion was caused in the village by the report, which is still believed by many of the more superstitious inhabitants. London, March 20, 5.55 p.m. Dalziel's agency have received a cable to the effect that Williams has confessed to the commission of two of the White chapel murders hitherto attributed to "'Jack the Ripper/' This statement has been published in the evening papers, which had a rapid sale, and a tremendous sensation was caused by the report. The ashes of two fires which had been lighted at Dinham Yilla during the occu pancy of Williams have been carefully analysed, and have been pronounced to be the remains of various articles of clothing. London, March 27, 7.30 a.m. Conflicting opinions are expressed with regard to the alleged confession by Wil liams that he is identical with " Jack the Ripper." The detectives of Scotland Yard do not believe tlie story, but they admit that it may possibly be true, as his movements in 1888, when six of the Whitechapel murders were committed, are unknown, and the places of his residence when the other murders were committed are con sistent with the theory of his guilt. Great excitement has been caused by the report at Rainhill, as it is remem bered that Deeming frequently discussed the doings of " the Ripper," in whom he evinced much interest. He was known also to possess knives such as would be capable of inflicting injuries similar to those sustained by the Whitechapel vic tims. The head of the Criminal Investigation Department thinks that Williams'is trying to secure a remand to England so as to lengthen his life by a few months. The report that a detective had sailed for Australia with portraits and other in criminating evidence is denied. Docu ments for the purpose of securing the ex tradition of Williams will only be for warded in the event of an acquittal on the charge of committing the murder at Windsor. 