A SLAP AT NEW YORK. Mr. Itudyard Kipling does not like Ameri can ways. In a sketch entitled "From Tideway to Tideway," he calls attention to some of the things that are allowed to go wrong in New York. It is not easy to escape from a Rig city. An entire continent was waiting to be traversed, and for that reason we lingered in New York till the city felt ao homelike that it Eeemed wrong to leave it. And further, the more one studied it the more grotesquely bad it grew had in its paving, bad in its streets, bad in its street police, and but for the kindness of the tides would be worse than bad in its sanitary arrangements. No one as yet has approached the management of New York in a proper spirit; that is to say, regarding it as the shiftless outcomc of squalid barbarism and reckless extravagance. No one is likely to do so, because reflections on the long, narrow pig-trough are construed as malevolent attacks against the spirit and majesty of the great American people, and lead to angry comparisons. Yet, if all the streets of London were permanently up and all the lamps permanently down, this would not prevent the New York streets taken in a lump from being fiist cousins to a Zanzibar foreshore, or kin to the approaches of a Kaffir kraal. Gullies, holes, ruts, j cobblestones awry, kerbstones rising from j two to six niches above the level of the I slatternly pavement: tram lines from two to i three inches above street levels; building I materials scattered half across the street; | lime, beards, cut stone, and ash barrels : gc-nerallv and generously anywhere ; wheeled I trailic taking its chances, dray reruns j brougham, at cross roads; sway-backed | poles whittled and unpuinted; drunken ' lamp-posts with twisted irons; and lastly, ! a generous scatter of filth, and more mixed I stinks than the winter wind can carry I away, are matters which can k con sidered quite apart from the _ "spirit of 1 democracy" or " the future of this great and I growing country." In any other land they j would be held to represent slovenliness, i sordidness, and want of capacity. Here it is ; explained, not once but many times, that i they show the speed at which the city is ! grown, and the enviable indifference of her ! citizens to matters of detail. One oi these i days, you are told, everything will be taken ' in hand and put straight. The unvirtuous ! rulers of the city will be swept away by a i cyclone or a tornado, or something big and i booming, of popular indignation ; everybody i will unanimously elect the right men who will justly earn the enormous salaries that I are at present being paid to inadequate aliens I lor road-sweeping, and all will bt well. At ' the same time the lawlessness ingrained by ? governors aiming tiie governed during the j h'st thirty, forty, or it may be lil'ty years ; the | brutal levity of public conscience in regard to public duty ; the toughening and suppling of ! j.iibSic morals; and the reckless disregard tor [human life bred by impotent laws and ' fostered by familiarity with needless acci ! dents and criminal neglect, will miraculously I disappear. If the laws of cause and effect ! that control even the freest people in i the world say otherwise, so much the 1 worse for the laws. America makes her own. liehind her stands the ghost of the most bloody war of the century, caused in a peace ful land by long temporising with lawless ness, by letting things slide, by shlftless ness and blind disregard of all save the material need of the liour, till the trouble lonu conceived and let alone stood up full armed, and men said, " Here is an unforeseen crisis," and killed each other in the name of their God for four years. In a heathen land the three tilings that are supposed to be the pillars of mode rately decent government are regard for human life, justice criminal and civil, as far as it lies in man to do justice, and good roads. This Christian city, where they think lightly of the lirst-their own papers, their own speech, and their own actions prove it-bay and sell the second at a price openly and without shame, and arc apparently content to do without the third. One would almc3t expect the racial sense of humour would stay them from expecting only praise-slab, lavish, and slavish-from the stranger within their gates, Uut they do not. If he holds his peace they l'orge tributes to their own excellencc which they put into his mouth, thereby treating their own land, which they profess to honour, as a quack treats his pills. If lie speaks but you shall see for yourselves what happens then. And they cannot see that by untruth and invective it is themselves, and themselves alone that they injure. Theblame of their city evils is notaltogclher with the gentlemen, chiefly of foreign extrac tion, who control tl.j city. These lind a people made to their hand-a lawless breed ready to wink at one evasion of the law if they themselves may profit by another, and in their rare leisure hours content to smile over the details of a clever fraud. Then says the cultured Ameri can, "Give us time. Give lis time, and we shall arrive." The otherwise American, who is aggressive, straightway proceeds to thrust a piece of half-hanged municipal botchwork under the nose of the alien as a sample of perfected efl'ort. There is nothing more delightful than to sit for a strictly limited time with a child who tells you what he meau3 to be when he is a man ; but when that same child-loud-voiced, insistent, un blushingly eager for praise, but thin sldnncd as the most morbid of hobbledehoys -stands about all your ways, telling you the same story in the same voice, you begin to yearn for something made and iinisbed say Egypt and a completely dead mummy. It is neither seemly uor safe to hint that the government of the largest city in the states is adenotism of the alien by the alien for the alien, tempered with occasional insurrections of the decent folk. Only the Chinaman washes the dirty linen of other lands. 