I'liufnen. : - mm ? <?> -? y . CHAPTER XX. V fr H A N 1C M O H T-. E Y, driver, wbo laid been an attentive observer of tlio little cpifoJo juet liluted allowed cUL>s:ili ruble indicntiona of oeruioxitv . in Ills fueo; lioHevur, bo flnid nothing-, but drove ou, und in about half-nn-hour pulled U p at a dcrcnt looking roadside public-houso, which was dignified by tho noma of tho A'Travellers.' Ilest Hotel. Tho couch changed horses here, and re limiiicd nbunt a quiuter of an hour for refreshments. - Thofiro-euting cnptnin was himsolf again. . 'He hadeateuuml he had druuken ; and onco moro the old Adam was in. tho ascendant. The potent: whisky of the Travellers' ltist, liispcnfod by n protty burmuid, had roused his. wurliko spirit' to tho stickiug or tho fhootiutr point. Perhaps he had received foiiiu private, info.mution from the barmaid, who was evidently struck with his perfections. Sho may havo assured him that bush rangers wero unknown nbout the disliict, aud that Iho only danger ho wun hkelv to experience wna from tho arrows of tho wicked littlo blind god, Cupid. At nil events, Cuptatn Bloraoti'o was roar ing like ono ot tho liona ho was so fond of killing when ho sojourned in Africa. " Who'cares for your paltry cow- catching bushrangers ?.. Let them show themselves now whilo : thero ia sufficient daylight to draw a boad upon their cowardly . carcasses. What a miserable lot of road scraping, leo-scupper-browsing, dcok-awab-' bing sons of—" " Bail up!" said a deep voico on the larboard side of tho gallant captain. .. "Hold up your hands !" said another voice to bin right. Tho captain looked from ono to the other. Ou cither sido of liini wa? a strange figure covered with a horso cloth, and having ou its lioad a sort of helmet made out of nn old nail can. All the passengers had taken their places with tho exception of the ladies, and Tomi Parchment and tho littlo man in green , spectacles. The valorous captain ceased hi 3 roaring instantly. Ho no longor thirsted for tho Hood of buahrangora. He rather longed for a quiet hole where ho could hido himself. Tlio revolver which bo had been nourishing fell from his hand and ho looked as liko v washed-out dish-clout us it is possible for a human being to look. The bushranger on hU right beckoned liini down from the lop of the coach,' us Hamlet's father's; ghost beckoned Hamlet's father's son from tho ramparts of Elsinoro'; and the captain followcd.biui, while the glittering eye : of tho knight-Of tho nail can apparently liad tho same effect upon his victim that thocyo of the ancient mariner had upon tho wedding guest. ; In" tho .rear of "the 'establishment'wns n room that'served as a Bort of dead-house, where drunken buslniicn were bestowed to sleep off the effects of their debauch on bad liquor—when all their money was spent. Into this delectable abodo Captain Blomo lito waa thrust, an 1 the key turned upon him. Upon tho return o? the first bushrnugor, ho took off his helmet nnd revealed the ferocious countennnco of—the man in green Fpectacloa. His mate was no other thnn Tom Parchment; and thoy were proooediug to explain that, aa Captain Blomellte's room was better thun hia. company, they had adopted this mild stratogem to got rid of him—when two ominous-looking figures wero observod skulking mysteriously round tho comer of the verandah. On thoir hoods was tho orthodox nail can, without which. Australian bushrangers never think of venturing into tho light of day. j Ono of thorn carried a hugo weapon, which looked liko a fowling piece of Quliuth of Gath —if such h. d been used in tbo days of that uncircameised Philis'.ino, but which was, in reality, an 'abominable piece of ordnanoo which the Philistines of sport calld a duck gun. This frightful death dealing ooutrivanco (which bcara about tho same relation to an ' ordinary gun, iliat Gargantua'a. maro's toil bears to tho caudal appendage of an ordinary horse) takes for its usuul ehargo about fivo ouucea of powder, and two pounds of shot. Now, na a modern ?. breech-loader, Huch lit sportsmen uso, . rqquiro3 a chargo of about three drams of powder und an ounce of shot, it will bo Been that wo aro not exag gerating iv our comparison, although we aro assured by that caroful historian, Rubcluis, that tho aforesaid maro (which " was ns big aa 6ix elephants"), hud a tail " littlo moro or less than overy whit na great aa tho steeple of Saint Mark." It ia not to be wondered at, then, that when Tom Parchment saw this diabolical contrivance, with a boro thre? Inches iv diameter, aud a barrel ton foot long, pointing ut him, and within threo feet of his breast, bo should foel inclined to obey the cominauds of tho bearor of this persuasive instrument, when, in n sepulchral tone, rendorod moie hideous by the vibration of tho tiu pot on his head, ho oommanded him to— " Bail up!" It is not to bo supposed that Tom Parch ment had nny particular desire to havo two pounoUi of buck shot lodged in hia visceral region; aud yet ho conld not nltogothcr reconcile himself to bailing up without a strugglo. Ho looked at his antagonist, nnd saw hia eyes glenming through a slit iv tho nail can with that pecu liar glar'n that nlway? indicates iho ruthless and sanguinary maraudcn'3 of tho Australian bush. Ho glanced ut his com panion in distress—tho man in tho green spectacles. Seeing him looking steadfastly ut Iho cor-ner of tlio house, his eyea naturally followed tho Banio direction, and there ho ob served tho barrel of another gun, with another bushrangor beliind it, who had as sumed tho usual and customary attitudo which an Irish Land Leaguer assumes, quito naturally, when hia landlord cornea for hia rent. But Tom Parchment wna nt a difforent anglo from hia friend, nnd, in' fact, ho could ace a litllo bit round tho corner, It struck kini that Iho second gun had a vory ancient look: and, glancing ulong tbo barrel, hia quick eye detected that it had'no cop on, nnd that it was, in fact, deficient of a nipple. Thia discovory mado him think that po3- eibly tho gun poiutcd ut him had the samo peculiarity ; but ho found, on looking at it, I hut it was cupped in proper order, and that il was, moreover, at full cock. The bushriingors began now lo bo im patient, and, with the most frightful impre cations and-curios,'commanded Tom lo turn out hia pocketa and hand over nil hia valuables. A third bushranger now mado hia nppenr niico, but ho had no gun, und h:a_duty wna to do tho stealing part of tbo business, whilo tho urmod bushrangers' held ''tho victims covorcd ivilli tlieir wcipona. , '" , Tom, expostulating with tho ranniu front of him, asked him to bo gocd enough to turn usido tho muz/.10 of hia gun. " My fiicud," ho said, " I nm auro you do not waul to c mmir. nu murder. All you want is tho money, which, of course, you sh.ili have. If your lingers wero to .lip ' it would blow a hole through mo us big us a burn door. Lookiujj.at it from tho poiut of Viow of tbo welfare of your honourable pro fession, uuucccasarv bloodshed ii always a mistake." ' Bushrangers are not, ns a rule, very muoh givOu to conversation, although, in romances, they ocousioujlly iudulj-o iv speeches us long ns thoso wilh which tlio heroes of Homor's llliail aro credited ; but it is always beat to nick to eii.iple, plain facts, and what tho bushranger icplicu to Tom was timply : " Stow your unit, und shell out." But. Tom Piiiohiricnt had gained Ids end, for the htii-o -/uu was of such n'moii-trous weight that liie villaininiUliiig it win übliucd to drop Iho mitz/.10 torn moment while ho took a rest. 'i'hU was Tom P-.n-liment's ODPoitunitj ; imj, rwtkiug v juir.p loin, tbo hor-srat, Ho irm.ica win. ootn irov ..... „,,? of hia enemy. : The shock sent tho bushranger sprawling, and tho duck gun wont off with such a terrifio roar that the horses took fright, and turning suddtsily round snapped one of thoswinglo cX' and "overturning* tho coaoh, sont those of tho passengers who had already taken ? T 3 ! r "f* 18 rnuin a into tho middle of the road. CHAPTER XXI. ,'p ll "? ousbrangor, upon whoso shoulder lent Lid lighted from tho box-seat of tho coach, i'id not oxnutly oonsider him ns a feathered'Moroury; but tho villain wus up again in nu instant, nud, to remind him that ho was only morlnl, Tom let him have ono between the cyos, straight from tho shoulder, mucking him down ngain-n littlo pieoo of high urt which wus rendered possible by tho fact that the nail can—which had concealed, if not ndoruod, his features—had rolled off at tho first conoussion. ,'?-.-,?'- Tom now turned his nttontion to tho man round tho corner, who was making off ns fast as o rather dinky pair of legs could curry him. After v run of about fifty yord? ho made a capture nnd brought back bush ranger number two as tho captive of his bow and spoar—or, rather, ot his legs and arms. In tho meantimo tho fellow who had pro posed doing Iho robbing part of the busines? wns showing a clean pair of heels and would speedily havo beon tho viotor in a go- as yon.plonso matoh but for the opportuno arrival of a horseman who at that moment oautored up. This.horaoman was no other than our old ? r friend,': Jim Walker; and to explain his nppoaranco it is only necessary to remind the roadcrthat his Elation, known as Tablotop, containing' about 30,000: acres, adjoined the. road, The homestead wna only about five miles from where tho coach stopped, and Jim had como down to meet the coach from tho oity. When about three hundred yards away ho had' been nn attontivo observer of tho occurrence just related ; and clapping spurs to hia horse he soon caught up to the follow endeavouring to escape, who sur rendered unconditionally; the rathor that much beer-swiping and idleness had made him short winded. It is not to bo supposed that all this timo tho littlo man in spectacles waa idle. Being a light-weight tho overturning of tho coach had sent him flying about ten yards away ; but ho stuck manfully to his revolver (which, by tho way, whon oxamining, he had emptied, oa ho had all the other o ns to avoid accidents as ho said) and . rushing up to bushranger number ono, who had again rison after his knock down, he clapped the ompty pistol to his ear, and commanded him, in stentorian tones, to— "Bail up!''—a command which the demoralised ruffian incontinently obeyed. Upon investigation the threo bushrangers tumid out to bo threo drunken swogr.ien, who, when they wero not travelling about tho country pretending to look for work, wero loafing- about tho various townships "shepherding" tho station bunds, who caino in to " knock down" their cheques. - These gentlemen had been lying down on a heap of straw near tho stable, basking in the aun, when they overheard the man in spectacles nnd Tom Parchment arrange their littlo plot to get rid of Captain Blometito. This put the idea into their heads of doing n littlo busbranging on their own account, tho result of which wo know. The practical joke, which began innocently, was likely to end in something very un pleasant, as practical jokes aro too often in the habit of doing. Jim, however, managed to get tho matter hushed up without much dilficulty. The llu-ee bushrangers wero tillowcd to show their thieving propensities, and their ap preciation of Dogberry's 6age advico lo the constable of the watch, by stealing out of the company j mid our friends then released Cnptnin Blomrlite, who wns very much relieved to find that tho bloodthirsty bush rangers had been vanquished.,. J?' Waiter paid the expenses of tho damaged coach, and Cnptnin Blometito nnd the rest of the passengers departed on their journey with tho exception of Mrs. Hard grove, Polly Walker, Tom Parchment, What had brought our friend Jim to the "Traveller's Rest" was apparent on tho arrival of: tho coach from the city; and -Polly Walker was not sorry to find horself onco more in the arms of her mother. When Jim left Slocum he had gono straight to the station, and had written to his mother (or, rather, to bo moro correct, his stepmother) to como up and keep houso for him. ,Of courso, Jim had now to drop tho innocent littlo fiction nbotit his position, and acknowledge that, by tho death of his uncle, ho hncf-becomo a sort of pastoral millionaire. Mrs. Hardgroro, on her side, confosscd to having- allowed- Mr. Hooky to deceive himself, and' afterwards to impart to Jim his erroneous impression ns to the way b!ic was left under tho will of the late Peter Hardgrove. In point of fact, Peter Hardgrove never left a will at all. Tho document which Tom Parchment had shown to nooky wns simply tho draft of a will.Which old Hardgrovo wished: to make. But, as has boon already indicated, ho wus forestalled, and the grim hand of death spoiled his benevolont inten tions. Somo mon. have n superstitious droad of making their wills. Thoy seem to bo vii.lor n sort of impression that tho oxeroiso of their volition, in this particular way, will'have somo ocoult influence upon tho"fatos, aud dosfinies, and tho sisters throe." But tho Purcre—daughters of Nox and Erebus—if they arc still ongnged in spinning tho tbroad of human destiuiea (and, by the way, it is moro than probnblo that thoy nro altonqllicr ehelvod and superseded by Nihilism, HC'cial ism nnd dynamite) would tako no moro notice of Peter Hurdgrovo's will than did tho stono from tho fortifications of Namur tako of tho fender foeliuga (not to say pre scriptive rights) of Widow Wudman whin the said ttono, rock, or frnirinout from tho mid fortifications hit "My Undo Toby" in tho groin: und thus forever—. But why proceed with such npainful subject I Because, fir— "Sio volviro Parous ;" so wo shall say no jioro about it, but return to Toter Hardgrove ,nd his will. The lato Poter—. But it's too important .? mutter to ho lugged in at tho fag oud of n .'hapter co—. CHAPTER XXII. The lato Peter Hardgroro waa about sixty ? jvo yours of ngo when ho married Nolly fortor. N-dly Porter was nbont twenty .wo when sho sacrificed herself to enve her mtlier. If Nelly Porter hnd been n willing victim .o this conjuu tion of Juuo nnd December, "?ho lni-ilit hiivo con?olod herself with n lover -that stio did not do co Bays Bomothing for r.cr v'rtuo, as there wns oortniuly nothing* faselimtinu" about her lord. But hor s.n-.- ot duty, nim her womanly'prldo assisting her, ?ho in ulo n vory excellent wifo to a very uu 'appreciative husbnud. \Vlin Peter fell sink his wife attend? bun with tho most assiduous devotion, lit recoi.iponao was that htr motives wero mU con-trued; and Petor, whoso soul wns in'- unpublo of a pencrou? emotion, considered her only in the light of nu expoctnnt widow. Ho wus conscious that ho wns not nn idenl husband for a beautiful youug woman ; and his imagin-iliim conjurod up viniou? of hia young and hnudsoino widow happy in tbs arms of a youthful lover whon bo had slinflleil off this mortil coil. _ If Ncllv had been a hypocrite Bho might have perjured herself, nud made Peter happy, by protesting that eh" would never marry again, but remain his inconsolable relict. Old men arc vain ; and the imbecility which he betravod at sixty-five, iv marrying a girl of twi'iil'vtwo is n sufficient assurance that ho iv.ls (Ap.ible of being manarjed. If Ncllv had but protested Hiat sho loved him I'efi'r would have been flattered, nnd— j perll- ipj—believed her. He would not hive I re .-.ionised that she "did protest too much" ; if alio had sworn never to marry again—or, : if ha had hi? doubts, tho ?we**t assurance j wouta have, banished them. But— """-.. " Como hero, Ncjly," said Peter fo her, ono day, " I want to talk to you." ?' Nelly came, and, faking a scat beside tho old man, wont on with her sewing ??Nolly." "Yes, Peter." ?" When I dio what nro yon golm? to dp V .-' At this abrupt question Nelly looked up with a half-scnred expression. Sho had bocome, in a kind of dull, emotionless way, noatistomed to her monotonous oxi6tonce; nud she had never nssoointed the idea of death with old Peter HurdgTOvo. Although her lifo was utterly hopeless and loveless, the possibility of a now order of things" had hardly presented itself to hor imagination.. In Lor eyes Peter was im mortal. 'As far baokda she could remember ho was always tho samo. ' His olothea seemed to bo gifted with immortality alao. They never changed their colour or their out. An old bottlo-grcon'coat, whioh at ono time might havo beon Mack, or bluo, or brown,- or any other- colour—tor mixture of colours, from tho red to the violet end of the spectrum—was his constant companion—ono nnd indivisible. '. In this nmrjuo garment he lived, nnd moved, and had his being. Ho ato ia it and drank in it, walked in it and talked in it, and was oven supposed to sleep—faugh! '? What am I going to do when you die?" said sho. ?' "?--,. Now, as Mrs Hnrdgrovo, up to that time, had thought that Peter would never die, Bho waa altogether unprepared with an answer to such a categorial ; question; and 60 she domploted her answer by saying: ; ?MI don't know." "You don't know, don't you P Oh,, no, of courso you don't," hissed the old man, between his teoth ;" but I know." Mra. Hnrdgrovo had never set herself deliberately to, think out u\i tho manifold, relations and .possibilities of her future. But, unknown to herself, and independeu.'ly of hor will, the seorot springs of her mind nnd heart had beon at work, arranging tho half formed aspirations of hor soul. These required but a word—a look—to mako them roalitioa. Peter Hnrdgrovo supplied tho key whon ho eaid, with that peculiar look, " but I know." It wus not muoh to say, but it was enough. Tho look was only momentary ; but a flash of lightning is no longer. Mrs. Hardgrove blushed as if she had boon detected in a crime. Her solo crimo was that she was youug and beautiful, and—that she know notbiug of mental physiology. Peter saw hor blush, and pursued his advantage. "Yes," ho continued, "I know. You think that whon, I am dead my money will get you a lino young husband, eh ? Bat I'll take onre of that. I'll havo no—" What Poter was goiug to say must bo loft entirely to tho imagination of tho reader, for ho never completed tho sentence Mrs. Hardgrove started to her feet, in all the majesty of outraged womanhood. For a moment, indignation- deprived her of uttor anco ; but at length sho said, slowly'and deliberately : "Mr. Hardgrove, since I havo had the misfortune to bo your wife, I havo never known what it is to have a singlo moment's happiness. Sinco tho dealh of my fiithc/, whom I loved ; and for whoso dear sake, I married you, whom I could not but hate, the world and all its beauties, has boen to mc n blank. I havo tried —God knows how hardly—to do my duty. If I havo failed, 1 ask God's pardon—not yours. To you I owe nothing. To myself I owo it to bear the burden which Heaven has imposed upan mo. I scorn .to hide myself behind a subter fuge ; and, I deny your right to question my future. You have thought it right to insult mc by a supposition, which I wili not gratify you by denying. I will not stay longer in this room to bo insulted ; but this I may inform you, that, if ever I do marry again, it will not be to a man liko you, if, for ovory j,car of his life he would lay a principality at ?.iy feet." Beforo Peter could rccovor from his astonishment, Nelly walked out of the room, and left him to ruminate over this astound ing explosion. As Mrs. Hurdgrovo was tho only person who would do anything for Peter, without fee or reward, tho old man felt that ho hud mado a miatnko.' His wifo was his man servant, und his maid-servant, his ox and his ass j a portion of his goods aim chattels; a. drudge, a sumptcr horse, a mule, in Pelor'a estimation—out of which ho could oxlrncl, a given amount of work at tlio least possible Cl)3t. But Peter's remark roused Nelly from her lethargy j nnd ho found, to his surpriso, thai his wjfo had a will ns strong ns his own, and nn intellect fur'koencr. Sho treated him better, than ho deserved,* inasmuch -as her natural kindness of heurl induced her to conceal from him the con tempt nnd loathing with which ho inspired her. -But such fceling? nro not to be con cealed, and Peter Hardgroro knew—he felt— that her attentions, and her kindness wort diclutod by duly rather than affection. He tried to win her'back to tho old position of dull ncqtticscenco in everything—but the oIJ life was broken, nnd was not to be restored. From this timo Mrs. Hnrdgrovo insisted upon having proper assistance. Hithorlo the wholo of Peter's household, in addition to his wife, was a ' diminutive mnid-of-ull-work, and it nearly broko his heart whon ho was forced lo cugago a housemaid and a cook. Thus things wont on. Peter was unhappy that ho could neither please nor vox his wife by anything ho could say or do. Sho was aiiko indifferent to his threats and promises. Ho promised to leavo her everything if she remained his widow ? but alio told him lo do as ho pleased without refcrenco toiler. Peter Hnrdgrovo had not yet mado his w.ill, and ho had an ttnconquerablo aversion to beginning it. Possibly tho old man was ashamed of his intentions. If Nelly could but have ?iiffored her prido to sloop to flatter him, blio might have dictated tho will horself. If sho would but consent to bind her future, Peter would bo satisfied. But Bho, unknowing what oho might do in the future, would not bind herself to a possible Ho—nnd his narrow ooul would not allow Peter to boo that what ho mistook for a foregone conclusion lo marry again, was simply tho dictate of common honesty. At length Peter fell sick. Ho hnd not yet mado his will. It wna not Mrs. nnrdgrovo's fuult that tho conversation turned upon tho everlasting topic, which now haunted old Hardgrove liko an nuploasant dream. It had become, with him, n monomaniu, nnd as ho was nivuro that if ho died intostato tho half of his money would go to liis wifo (as I hoy had no family), and tho rest to his Irothor, as noxt of kin (whom ho heartily hated), ho finally determined to mako his will. With this iutention ho drow up tho draft with which wo aro already acquainted ; and old Hurdgrovo chuckled with, a devilish malignity as lio inserted the clauso insisting upon her marrying an old man, aa old ni himself at hiast, nnd worth nnrauoh monoy— In dofault of which sho waa to havo nothing. " Ila ! ha 1" ho laughod, rubbing his hands, "I have a hold on her yut; that's better than leaving her n widow. She bo happier with that ol 1 fellow than sho was with mo"—aud ho gloated over this gruud idea of his as if it wore a profound stroke ot genius. Tho old man wa3 sufficiently aouto to know ? that such a will us his would bo sot down as tho not of n madman, nud therefore, ho was dotcrmiud that it should bo as correct ns legal fornialitioa could mako it. For this rea?on ho c died in Tom Parchment, tho only lawyer at tho timo in Slooum. Tom read over tho draft; and, concealing his disgust aa much as possible, tried to induco tho old man to mako a proper provi alon for hia widow. Hiseloquonco, however, was of no avail. Tho avarice which induced Hardgrove to cling to his money in lifo ; nnd to leavo it behind him with such regret in death, was paralleled, to somo extent, by tho longing ho hud to control his wifo's aetlous when ho was gono. Ho know that ho had wronged her in forcing her into a hateful marring.*; and that very knowledge Instcnd ~f imni.ll.ncr Mm t.n mako amends bo.i.e.) , tthcrto uigc.Mn, to an additional infamy. x - At length,- losing patience, ho broV.o Into ?? curious pa-sion at Tom Parchment., nad told him to tpko his instructions from tho draft. : Tom, seeing that further dlsoussion w.... useless, told old Hnrdgrovo, in 'plain terms that ho would havo uothiug to do with sue! an infamous document; '? and that if h. wanted a lawyer to do it, ho must got .some mo with a heart na blnck aa hia own. By thin time old Hnrdgrovo was foaming at tin nonth. By tho timo Tom Parchment had loft thi aouao Peter Hnrdgrovo was dead.' Tho doctor said that hia death " super vened consequent upon thp effusion of blood into the areolar or cellular tlaauo of the enrobro- spiaal axia, arising from tho rupture of tho continuity of tho walla of tho blood vossola lyiug betwosn tho medulla oblongata nnd tho pons varolii." ? For my part, I think ho died from want of breath; but I don't care how ho diod, no- long as I have got rid of him. , Ho, of courso, died intestate, and Mrs flardgrovo not only got her own half of hi.-, property, but old Peter's brother, who was ur unlike him aa possible, mado over his short to her nlao. . Thia brother, who waa tho only .relation Peter had iv (ho world, was about twenty years younger than tho old man. Peter h til always given him good advioo ; jut when he was very low dowu in tho worlil Peter refused his brother evcu a crust. \\. Ten yoa-s ago tho younger brother struc'. it very rich in n quartz reof, of which ho win -'tho'pioneer, and ho was now reputedly oni of the wealthiest miners in Australia. Soar ing how vory anxious Peter hid boeu to ? leavo his widow nothlug, ho detcrmiu-.-d that, for his part, sho should havo aIL .'..-' '—(To be continued,) 