A MAN AND BABOON FIGHT. The following narrative of an encounter which took place on the Voirel River Mountains, in the district of Sumer-et E;ist, between Mr. Nicholas Hurler and a huge wild IkiVmou, is published in the Graff Xrinel Advertiser. Mr. Hurter says :— f w.i-i walking through my lands sml liatl my gun with me, and the Lab i ms were screaming on the top of tlie rooky precipice that overhangs v farm -ad. The dogs in the farm nn hearing the noise the baboons wci-e making, r'ished up the monntain a id wci« sronn ( ngaged with them in u «lp.:i«Hv fiirht. I took mv gun for the purpose of assisting the dogs, *>nd in the 'mpe of saving them from hi-in^ t^-j-n to pieces. When I reached Summit of the krantz, a number Of baboons fled. I fired and wounded one in the shoulder ; he was immediately pursued and tackled by the only dog kft, the others having been torn to pieces, The struggle for life or death was taking plaoe between the -wounded baboon and thfc dog on the •ery brink of a precipice. I had not another cart-ride for my gun, so I put it down and picked up a couple of large stones and walked to within a few yai-ds of the spot. I was just in • the act of hurling one of tbem^at the baboon, when suddenly a tremendous male baboon, the largest I have seen, came straight at. me in a bold and defiant manner, his eyes gleaming with anger And rage, and his huge jaws working together as if in anticipation of the crushing that was in store for me, I just had time to hurl the stone iji my upraised hand at him, when he was upon me. He seized me by the Jrg firsth and bit me with such violnice that I thought every bone in my l r g was smashed into atoms. I kicked with all my might, I tried to get hold . ft" a stone. I attemped to seize him 1 v -he throat, dealthim several blows villi the tist but it was all useless; the sti-engthof the enraged African r audi il over-powered and mastered nit- completely. After he had finished v -t!. my legs, he put his arm around nil' and seized bold of me on the chest v illi h : s powerful jaws. What could , 1 <1 i; every now and then he let go Vif my breast and snapped at my t o.it. I seized him • by the throat L v. I tli my right hand and clenched my fingers, but he would not yield his ^ rasp for a single moment Every ni K' I moved he tugged me nearer to the edge of the precipice, and we were HliW \\\ 1 thin three feet of the brink, ami ihe ground sloping down to it; I kn. \v that if I for a moment lost fin- f ioting down we should go in ihti chasm below. The wounded V).i1k»ou and the dog, that were responsible for the awful predicament in m Lijh I now found myself, "had just .uVU-tl over into the abyss. We had l.ri-ii at it nearly an hour, and as the liaboiin showed no signs of releasing -iwv TieltX Ehonldnofc be able to bold out much longer, as I am an old man, considerably»ver..60. . At this stage -I bethought myself of a penknife I bad in my-waistcoat pocket If I could only get it out I might ward him tiff by stabbing him in the face. I gradually ..got my left hand into my pocket and got the knife out, the brute scratching and tearing my face AM"tli his hands all the while. I got it into my mouth and held it there ti II I had an opportunity of opening it, w ith my left hand. I then began scabbing-and podding him, but the knifi* wis jiot large enough to do him . nt'ich damage. I drew blood, how- ' ever, the sight of which made him rn re vicious still. By this time I Inul .-carcely a vestige of clothing left, anil my lacerated body bore tokens of w.liat- a South African baboon can do Avhen he chooses to tackle and fight an unarmed man. I was wondering Jiow all this was going to end, when one of the dogs that had been in ihe fight and had "recovered KufH:"mtly to make his way where v ere,' seired the animal from be- Ti:j7d. T felt the brute wished to get in .J li/] dnq. He threw himself from ni^ a^jrci Vhe dogthey had one rough hii 1 tumble, and then the baboon v albeit sullenly away along the ridge oi the precipice, looking back from i-ijiV 11 (ime as if undecided whether he onl4 fenew the attack. It was •isoiln- lime before I could recover if^iffieiout st»^ngth to descend the tyrmivtuin. I got home, however, and f Jie d<»r, too, after an encounter such J iu\yer shall forget, and the like ~fif .'%lii h l never hope to experience Wviu-'' Tiiere are quite a number of houses in 'vicinity of Sydney which are fjlfpjy on account of ghosts, or else Hr« jet fit reduced i-entals by reason ol ti}i v usurious spectre within. Tbev are fchibby red nosed goblins, as a rule wirij'no dignity about them, but they d •invciate the property woefully. One of i hnsf placea is located iu the easte ;n .suburbs, and any one who wants a nfusion at an exceedingly reduced ti*nri flight take it with advantage. A longtime ago the tenant fell down 'siaii*s" and broke his miserable neck nt 2 a.m., and for ten years past he is said t> have fallen down these same Flaii s with unfailing regularity every bight. IF anybody happens'to be on til- stairs the spectre falls right rlirnngh him. He is'nt visible ; there is mei-e y a hollo* void crashing down the steps and wBooping as it goes, hud tlie spectre is ^othing but a hunk nf einpteiness andia great flop. The Imu^e is abmulnnwl by reason of the visitations, for nobody cares to have hii apparition falling info bis hall night after night; and the adjacent li ii es go rather cheap, for nervous people can hear tho bounding of the dead visitant in the distance, and then they pack nn their goods and shift. Possibly, if the stairs were n moved the spook would quit for the want of some place to flop up and down, more probably they want to come along as usual, and prance down aphantam stair way, and crash into an imaginary hall with just as much racket, as if he were erashing into the real article. Spectres are very persistent when once they are started. 