PHIS STORYTELLEB That Wild Wheel. By Frances Eleanoe Teollope. CHAPTER XXIII. That Sunday evening visit of which Barbara wrote to her uncle was only the first of several others paid by Mr. Hofmann to the Hughes's poor little dwelling. As lie walked up to the door on the following Sunday he was devising- some pretext for this second call, since he could not always have a letter in praise of Mr. William Hughes in his pocket. But the moment he found himself in the ladies' presence he became conscious that excuses would be superfluous and impertinent, and lie did not speak them. Why, indeed, should any excuses be needed for doing what was received so simply ' Fritz, thou art but a Philistine,' said he to himself ; ' why should'st thou think it needful to account for spending an hour with these ladies in their neat little parlour — thou who hast so often suffered tbyEelf to be jammed with a frivolous crowd of strangers on the staircase of some rich woman's house, as though that were the most rational and natural thing in the world 'r IIow the vulgar, stupid conventionalities cling to one like a burr.' Whatever faults Fritz Hofmann's immediate family might lay to his charge, a too great servi tude to conventionality would assuredly not bo included amongst thern. He was qualified to practise as an advocate, but lie had done very little in that way. Then four or five years ago his father had urged liim to accept an excellent bureaucratic post in Berlin, and lie had done so ; but neither to this line of life was he able to accommodate himself. The department, to which he was attached was at that time under the imme diate control of a states-man as notoriously in tolerant of Fcrupulov.s subordinates as Napoleon Bonaparte was of ideologues. Fritz Hofmann's principles, as well as bis theories, clashcd at every turn -with the duties required of him. and he gave up his post. His family was mr.ch chagrined by this step, for the social status conferred by such an appoint ment as Fritz li-id held was an object of ambition among many -.f tlie higher bourgeoisie ; and, be sides, Fritz's rontons for resigning it were almost as objectitiuaV.e as the resignation itself. But he was his own masb r. His father died about this time: and while bis elder brother inherited and chose to carry on the flourishing commercial busi ness of tic house, Fiitz was at liberty to do what he pleased with ihe handsome independence that Ml to his sliaivv Fritz was of a philosophic turn of mind, and having the means erf living without work, he in dulged himself in publishing one or two short pamphlets containing various political and social sp- dilations of a liberal cast, worked out with that admirable ser* nity (if view which is imparted by the certainty of one's dnily dinner. The-e, being anonymous, were held by his family to be harmless. But Fritz made no secret of his inten tion to engage in the writing of a substantial work which should bear his name, and which should be an effort in the direction of comparative sociology. His mother had feared that the declaration of Fritz's doctrines and intentions might offend her ' wealthy bachelor brother, Arthur Maddison ; for, unfortunately, Fritz spoke disdainfully of many things that Mr. Madelison had been accustomed all his life to value. This danger was, however, averted. Fritz refrained from discussing his theories with Mr. Maddison. for the simple reason that he considered Mr. Maddison incapable of understanding them ; and thus, no serious collision of opinion had ever taken place between them, , and it was understood in the family that Fritz was to be his uncle's heir. i But it was well for the continuance of good re lations between them that they did not see very much of each other For Mr. Maddison was of a captious, arrogant temper, and loved to assert his importance by various petty acts of tyranny. Now Fritz could be coaxed into doing many things, , but morally coerced into none. j In one of her recent letters to him, Mrs. Hofmann. alluding to his frequent and eulogistic , mentions of Miss Copley, ventured on a playfully ; wordc-d warning to him to take care of his heart ; for this youDg teacher of music seemed to be a dangerously fascinating person. And Fritz, who had always been in the habit of writing- fully and freely to his mother, answered these hints at some length. ' You know,' he wrote, 'that lam no Orlando 1 Furioso. And, moreover, I will confess to you : what I have never said to any one else, namely — i that, while I believe myself to be not wanting in affection, and to have my share of human passions, I I am yet intimately convinced that tlie woman j does not live for whom I could break my heart. I I shall not marry a woman whom I do not love. I But I should, if I know myself at all, speedily cease to love a woman who did not reciprocate my regard. And, moreover, I shall fall in love, if I do fall in love, with my eyes wide open. No doubt this is terribly prosaic, and uncliivalrous, and anti-romantic, and so forth : but it is the fact. Pray do not publish it, however ; for I be lieve such a confession would make me sadly unpopular with your sex, and might spoil all your chances of having that pearl of daughters in-law whom I intend some day to present to you. ' As to Miss Copley — you know oue of my heresies is that the knitting of stockings, although useful and laudable, should not absorb all the intellectual powers that women possess — I fully believe in quite as liberal proportion as iu.ua autre* ; and Miss Copley is a delightful and culti vated woman. (Please do not conjure up a picture e f what used to be callcd in your young days a blue st( eking! Believe me the creature is as obsolete as the phrase.) I dare say I find her quick intelligence and varied information all the more delightful because they are housed in a very graceful fen, inine persen. Why rot r But lam not the le ast bit iu love wiih her, MiUfcrrlt n No : if T ; m cherishing the first spark of a prnndf pa.\\.«ion for any one, I think it is for the aun*, old Miss Judith Hughes, who is tlie quaintest and prettiest old lady c-ver seen out of a picture. Her stories eif old times in Man pool amuse me extre mely ; and they are full of valu j able details for the student of social history. 1 wonder that I have never heard Uncle Arthur i mention this family. And I wonder still more that I — as you told me in one of your letters — he should ' have allowed his engagement with Miss Olive Hughes to be brokeu off ! I am told that her daughter is very like her. I fancy the aforesaid Miss Judith owes Uncle Arthur a little grudge to this day. Not that she ever says one word against him : she has too much dignity for that, I assure you ! But if I chance to mention his name, her black eyes send out a flash of that Celtic fire she likes to bnast of : and she always turns the conversation.' Now this letter by no means reassured Mrs. Hofmann. What mother would it have re assured ? It was all very fine for Fritz to talk in th^t, way about falling in love with his eyes open, and to set up for being so cool and philo sophical, but what chance had a philosopher of nine-and-twenty against a pretty, clever, attrac tive girl who wanted to catch him? Besides, without thinking harshly of the young lady, was he acting quite fairly by her P Her Fritz was a man whom any girl might fall disinterestedly in love with. And that her Fritz, with all his ad vantages, should throw himself away on a little nobody who went out giving lessons by the hour, and whose family had been publicly ruined and disgraced to the knowledge of all Marypool, was a prospect too painful to contemplate. If the Ketterings had been in town, Mrs. Hofmann would have written to Gertrude, and begged her to ascertain, if possible, the real state of the case. But they were all away in Switzer land. It was very provoking ! In her anxiety — for the more she thought the more she was per suaded that it was not safe for Fritz to continue frequenting that house — Augusta Hofmann did a very injudious thing — she confided her uneasiness to her brother Arthur, newly arrived in Hamburg em a visit to her. Tho effect of her communication surprised her. She had never seen Arthur so angry. She knew nothing of the letter that Judith Hughes had written to him yeai-' ago. It was not one which he would have found it pleasant to exhibit ; aud he had kept as profound a silence about it as its writer had. But every word of that letter rankled in his memory, even after seven-and-twenty years. It had wounded him in the most sensitive point ; it hael pierced his self- love. It was not merely the explosion of an angry temper, and the cry of a woman sorely tried. The sting of the matter was, that it too keenly laid bare his own weak nesses, his own motives, and his own selfishness, and deprived him for a long time of the comfort of thinking himself a noble-minded young fellow who sacrificed his happiness to his principles. He had grown tougher since those days, and cared less for the estimate of his fellow-creatures ; but he had neither forgotten nor forgiven that letter. At first he flew into a kind of snarling, smoulder ing rage ; and threatened to write, commanding Fritz, on pain of his sovereign displeasure, im mediately to cease all intimacy witli a person whom he (Mr. Arthur Maddison) had the strongest reason to dislike and mistrust. But Mrs. Hofmann knew her son well enough to be sure that no such high-handed proceeding would avail with Fritz ; and she implored her brother not to adopt it. She even ventured — for she was a kind and a just woman at heart— to put in a plea for theHughes's. ' Tou know, Arthur.' she said, ' that whatever might be the truth about her sister — I was married, and away from England, and I never knew the particulars — we always thought that poor little Olive was blame less.' 11 Olive ! Who is blaming Olive? Olive is dead. But that insolent old harridan — she is at the bottom of this mischief. Understand me, Augusta, I will keep no terms with Fritz if he persists in visiting at the house of Miss Judith Hughes.' Then, Mrs. Hofmann, being fluttered and frightened, did a second injudicious thing — she wrote to Fritz, begging him to break off his acquaintance with the Hughes' family, and assigning as her reason, that she had recently learned that Miss Judith Hughes bad behaved very badly and violently to her brother years ago. She did not. of course, attempt to dictate to her son as to his choice of friends. That would be absurd. And, indeed, he had always maintained a very high standard in his friendships. But still — since Fritz did not profess any special attachment for these people — might it not be well to draw off from them a little, until he knew what his Uncle Arthur might have to say about them ? And she ended by an earnest assurance that she wrote quite by her own impulse, and even without her brother's knowledge. ' Yes, yes, NiiUcnhat' said Fritz, perusing this letter with knitted brow. ' You may be writing without his knowledge, but I can see his cloven hoof printed plain enough on the paper. It is just as well that he aud I should join issue about this matter. He must be made to understand, sooner or latter, that, not only I decline to sell my soul for the hope of his money, but I will not barter one passing thought, one lightest caprice, for it. What lies he must have told to make my dear good mother propose that I should insult these ladies by suddenly dropping their acquaintance. But she is jealous for me, poor dear MittU'trltru ! She thinks Miss Copley, like every other unmarried woman who beholds my perfections, must be ready to compass heaven and earth to become my wife. Whereas I will undertake to swear — and I am neither a green boy nor a fool— that Miss Copley has never for oue moment deigned to consider the subject : and that whom I marry, or whether I marry, are matters of utter indifference to her.' Then tlie thought arose in his mind that it would be very agreeable to be an object of interest to Miss Copley. There was something so tender and sweet in her eyes when she looked at her old aunt ! and, above all, how she lighted up at any appreciative mention of William Hughes ! There was a warm glow to be seen sometimes in that alabaster lamp : aud the man might be proud and happy who should be able to evoke it. The very next afternoon, which was a Wednes day, Fritz went to Lady Lambton's, and sat watching Barbara as she patiently played through my lady's accompaniments, and the difference be tween the two women struck him in quite a new way. He had once or twice thought it pretty to see them together — a sort of Bosalind and Celia con trast : Amy so full of colour, vivacity, and dash ! Barbara so dovelike and gentle '. — but to-day ! Why where could his eyes have been r Miss Copley's neighbourhood made the other woman look positively vulgar — like a rouged and spangled figurante brought out suddenly to the daylight. And then Amy was so desperate a flirt, so un scrupulously greedy of admiration ! Poor Amy ! It must be owned that the gentle - (' Continued on page 652.) B u-bara Cojiley was standiug with the lamp raised abovj her head, when she heard a voice mar her, aud turning round, found herself face to face with Mortimer Hopkins. — Ciiaptkk XXIV. man was rath or hard upon her, seeing tliat he had done his full share of flirting with her ladyship ; and had rather a gift that way, to say llie truth. But he had no compunction on this score. Lady Lambton, he considered, was thoroughly well able to take care of herself : aiid there was no question of hearts on either side. Could the case have been put to Amy in the Palace of Truth, she must have answered that there were other questions besides hearts — settle- ments, for instance — as to which a woman might suffer much bitterness of disappointment : and that., for her part, she suspected that poets, ;md playwrights, and novelists had greatly exagge rated the vulnerability of hearts in genc-ral. But the case was not put to her either in tbe Palace of Truth or the loss crystalline atmosphere of her dally life in London. That Mr. Hofmann came to her house on Wed nesday afternoons was sufficient proof that she attracted him. But, although she liked him very much, and had even thought it possible that she might marry liim, she had also thought it possible that she might marry better. She began to have her doubt as to whether Mr. Fritz would assist her to make that brilliant tigure iu the world as a woman of intellect, which was the main object of her ambition. Fritz talked, indeed, about his high estimate of woman's mental gifts, and expressed contempt for a narrow and illiberal view of the sex. But Lady Lambton had observed (hat when ever she tried to talk to him about his philosophical studies he either broke oil' into jest aud banter, or resolutely changed the conversation. And, moreover, the pleasure of astonishing him by her power of dramatic singing had scarcely equalled her anticipations. After all, Mr. Hof mann was very sensible to music. Ida Ket tering had been right there. Neither had he entered into the description of her fluctuating feelings as to the question of writing or not writing to Mr. Dal ton in a thoroughly sympathetic spirit. When she had asked him whether he would advise her to write, he had merely replied, as we know, that lie didn't know why he should ; and this bald, uninteresting utterance was not due merely to the interruption, of Miss Copley's entrance on that occasion, for when she consulted him a second time he made answer that he scarcely thought a letter from her would do much good ; but, on the other hand, it was not likely to do any barm. When f-he first spoke to him, Lady Lambton ' had, in fact, already wiitteu more than oue rough draught of the letter to Dalton ; and since then she had polished it into an effusion which she re garded with sincere admiration, cvni thinking that possibly literature might be her vocation after all, if once that initial difficulty of not knowing what to say could be overcome ; for here, with the subject ready made to her hand, with what felicity of expression she liud treated it ! But then it suddenly occurred to her that she did not know how to address her letter when it should be copied fair. Various possibilities of finding this out presented themselves to her mind, but were successively rejected. She was averse from applying to the llopkinses direct ; but at length a happy thought flashed on her : she re membered hearing Mr. Pcrikles llhodonides speak at the Ketterings' dinner-table of some young clerks in his father's house of business who were intimate 'with Mortimer Hopkins, and entirely in his confidence about Mr. Christopher Dalton. Amy at once sat down and wrote a charming little note to Mr. Perikles Rhodonides, begging him to do her the favour of calling on her to speak a word on business. Her imagination was very busy with this matter 011 the Wednesday when Fritz appeared in her drawing- room, and sat watching her aud her rvpe iHieuxe with the thoughts 1 hat have been recorded ; and when, at the end of the practising, he rose to take his leave, my lady gave him her hand with a look full of dreamy sweetness — she was mentally rehearsing a telling phrase with which she would presently explain the reason of her note to Mr. Rhodonides, but gave him no encouraging hint to remain. So Fritz and Miss Copley left ihe house to gether. ? CHAPTER XXIV. Their itti'-a-iiir did nut. endure very long ; iV.v when they reached the Brompton-road. at 110 great distance from Lady Lamb ton's house, Barbara got into an omnibus that was Jo carry her towards her home ; aud Frit/, fearing that, au otter to accom pany her might be deemed intrusive, bade her farewell . When tlie vehicle which carried her was out of sight., he hailed a hansom and drove to his lod gings in Jennyu -street, where he made some notes for the prefatory chapter to that work 011 sociology which lie fully intended to write some day, but of which he was evolving the general plan in a large and leisurely' fashion only possible to a man whom neither poverty, publisher, nor printer's devil has power to whip and spur ; ana then he steadily read German metaphysics until close upon dinner time. Finally he rose, pushed away his book and papers, and looked at his watch with a ccrtaiu air of triumph. ' No bones broken !' he said to him self. ' I had au odd sort of feeling when I saw that sweet, paie face looking at me from among the frowsy people in the omnibus ; but I have been able to read all those pages of Hegel straight on end — iu spite of what Schopenhauer calls the * ' Ilegel jargon ' ' — without once losing the thread ! 1 wonder if aujr fellow is really and genuinely mustered at ihe beginning of a passion he can't resist. At the beginning, for if one once begins to slide ? ! And I wonder how it feels. But, abxit twtcii, I dou't think I want to know by ex perience.' Then, being fortified in his conviction that he should fall in love — if he fell in love — with his eyes wide open, he proceeded to consider whether lie could better prove his unclouded power of judg ment than by falling in love with Barbara Copley. Barbarr , meanwhile, bestowed none of her thoughts on Mr. Frederick Hofmann. unless it were indirectly and in connection witli a little item of ill -news which she had to carry to Aunt Judith. Lady Lambton had intimated to her that day that she should not be able to continue tl:e practisings (Lady Lambton never by any chance called them lessons) for which Miss Copley's ser vices had beeu required. Barbara was not un prepared for the announcement, but it was depres sing, nevertheless. Moreover, although Lady Lambton, at the beginning of the engagement be tween them, hud spoken confidently of doing great things for her by her patronage and recommen dation, nothing had come of it. Barbara must make an effort to find some other employment for tlie hours left vacant by Lady Lambton's dismis sal of lier.- She Lad alto lost — at any rate for several months— her pupils Olga and Ida Ket tering. And, although all these losses put to- j getber amounted to but a very few pounds, yet j the Hugheses were so poor that those few pounds represented no inconsiderable portion of their bud- ! get. And then the winter was close at band — always a hard and costly season in such house holds as theirs. Aud, on all accounts, it behoved her to exert herself. Aud besides all these considerations, there was a little cloud on Barbara's secret soul which she could speak of to no one. Her uncle had repeated to her in one of his letters the news given to Mrs. Armour about Gil bert Hazel. And whenever she had thought ef it since — aud she thought of it very often when she was alone — there had come upon her a little dull, aching sensation of disappointment. Tie was iu his own country again ; had been here for half a year — ' sailed for England six months ago' were the veiy words of her uncle's letter : she knew them accurately — and yet no letter, no message, no sign had come from him to the friends for whom he liad professed such warm regard in the Kentish farmhouse only two years ago. There had been nothing like a regular correspondence, between him and William Hughes; but he had written to announce his arrival iu India ; aud last Christmas he had sent them a card of greeting ; and one or t wo Calcutta newspapers had come from him from time to time. He had spoken so confidentially with h- r uncle about his misfortunes and his prospects, the two men had found each other's companionship so congenial, despite the difference in their years, I that it was surely no exaggerated pretension to expect that Hazel would naturally remember William Hughes, and naturally give him some account of the change in his way of life, and of his reasons for making it. Perhaps he had for gotten them. Or perhaps she was foolish in ex pecting him to write. She was, she knew, inex perienced and ignorant of the world. But when Uncle William came home, and spoke of him, — Uncle William would surely speak of him — she would see in a moment, by looking at his face, she would hear in the very tone of his voice, if he were surprised or hurt by Mr. Hazel's silence. When Barbarareachcdherowndoor, on striving from Lady Lambton's, she discovered, with a start like one awaked out of a dream, that she had been meditating on this theme nearly all the way home, instead of arranging beforehand what comfortable words she could devise to console Aunt Judith for the news about Lady Lambton. For Aunt Judith, though brave and devoted in the face of great misfortunes, had a rather trying way of taking small ones ; being apt to turn them, and trust them, aud hold them up to the light, and examine them minutely in every direction, not with any re medial intentions, but solely, as it should seem, for the purpose of demonstrating how entirely they were past mending. However, Aunt Judith must be told, and Barbara, as she hungup the cloak : nd hat 011 the accustomed peg, pre pared to put as cheerful a face on the matter as possible. But to her siuprise she found Aunt Judith so full of excitement upon another subject as to have little attention to spare for any tiling else. As soon as the heard Barbara's footstep she called out eagerly, in her piping high notes, 'Barbara! Barbara! Come here. Why dou't you come in Y What are yon fid getting about, for in the passage? Here is a letter from your uncle, with such news in it ! ' 'News!' echoed Barbara, suddenly standing still on the very threshold of the parlour. ' Yes, indeed : news about Claude.' ' Oh !' murmured Barbara, in a low voice that sounded faint aud far away. 'News of my brother !' ?'To he sure. Whom else are we likely to get news of r Or to care for news of r — except, of course, William. But he keeps us informed about himself pretty regularly.' Tlie-n she told her niece that William's return was fixed for the following week, and that Claude was about 1o leave Madame Martin altogether, and was coming home witli him, aud handed her the letter to read . Barbara's way of receiving this announcement provoked the old lady, who first, of nil scolded her for being so cool and' indittVn jit at the prospect of seeing her brother again, and then proceeded to argue that Claude's ret urn would be not only good for himse'f — as taking him out of a position far below his merits — but eventually very helpful to the family exchequer, since he was sure to find employment before long, and winding up, as usual, by exclaiming, ' And if the poor, dear boy were to lie at home idle for a few weeks, I'm sure we could veiy well afford to keep him !' All this special pleading had, at all events, the effect of leaving her no excuse for fretting over Barbara's news when she recovered her equanimity sufficiently io listen to it. Nevertheless, she agreed with her grand-niece that some effort must be made to fill up the vacant hours : and they bofh set themselves to consider whom they could apply to. ' Don't yon think I might leave a card with Mi's. Green!-' suggested Barbara. 'She gives lessons in schools, and so on, and she is, I think, very friendly-minded towards us.' Miss Hughes turned her head aside as if to avoid the sight of something distasteful, and said with a grimace of discontent, ' Mrs. Green, child, is so common ! Such a mere Cockney vulgarian ! And I did hope you were emerging from all that sort of filing into a different conucction altogether.' Then, after a minute's silence, she sighed, and said, 'But if the woman can help you, you cught to work fcr her — for— all sakes. Duty is duty ; and I'll write a line to Mrs. Budge' — Mrs. Budge was the baker's wife, who had withdrawn her two little girls from Miss Hughes's day school, in conse quence of some fancied slight sustained by them from one of their schoolfellows — 'and ask her to send back Jane and Caroline. Larcher declares she will jump at the chance cf doing so : and as for giving way — of course it would lie absurd to stand 011 one's dignify with such people as Mrs. Bndge.' ?Saturday afternoon was tho time of greatest leisure for Barbara ; and. on Saturday afternoon, she knew Mrs. Green to be usually disengaged also. Barbara, therefore, betook herself on the following Saturday to fhe house where Mrs Green lived; intending, at the same time, to lock into her uncle's studio, whereof Mrs. Green had been entrusted with the key, and to cause a fire to be lighted in the little stove, and the place to lie set in order against his return. Mrs. Green was not at heme, 1 iut t he ch ai won: an who opened the door to Barbara, and knew her by sigLt, assured' her that the lady would be hack j veiy soon, and that meanwhile, if she wanted the j key of her uncle, Mr. Hughes's, studio, it was hanging on a nail behind Mrs. - Jrceu's bedr- cm door, and could be produced ' iu a jiffey.' Accordingly Barbara went into hc-r uncle's studio, and, as it was now growing dusk, lighted a lamp that stood there and looked about lier. The room was not prepared for such festivities as on the occasion of the memorable conversazione. '? There was always a few dropped in of a Satur day,' said the charwoman, '? but they wouldn't use the studio at all, most likely. ' ' But I see you have filled the lamp. Mrs. Collins,' said Barbara . Mrs. Collins had a short shapeless figure, muffled in a dirty woollen shawl tied behind, and a very long and wide canvas apron, also tied be hind at. the waist., and again at about the level of fh-' calves of her legs, with little tape strings. She had :i broad, freckled face, and large, pro tuberant. watery blue eyes, which she rolled about when she talked, with a play of feature so totally disconnected from the siguificancc of what she was saying that, one might have supposed her to he using someljody else's face, and to have not, quite mastered the mechanism. The only other remarkable thing about her conversation was its being devoid of full stops, so that her listener's ear was fain to supply those marks of punctuation even as the eye of one who reads Arabic must take certain vowel sounds for granted. 'Oh, as to fhe lamp, Miss Copley, filling of if ain't no trouble, and it's as well to be ready, not that I should spare myself if it was, though honlv a pore widow : aud I rejice to hear of Mr. 'Ughes's coming back ; for a pleasant way, aud asking after 3-0 ur 'ealth, is doubtless treasure laid upon 'igh ; and everybody c.in't command flifir pecun'ary circumstances to the extent of 'alf a crown as compensation for swearing at you fit to make the roof fall down in judgment, if you only left the pail on tlie stairs one minute, whilst you went to fetch vour dinner beer.' ' Dear me !' said Barbara. ' People shouldn't swear at you. But, dou't you think leaving a pail on the stairs rather dangerous, Mrs. Collins r' 'Yes, miss; when the two pair front kicks it from top to bottom, raging and usiEg the language of a heathen cannibal, I do.' Barbara averted further discussion of tliis point — and possibly, also, further revelations of the violent character of the two pair front, imperfectly mitigated by lucid intervals of half-crowns — by giving some directions about the cleaning of her uncle's studio. She was standing with fhe lamp raised above her head, lookiug at some rough watercolour studies pinned against the wall, and debating whether she had not better put them away in safety before Mrs . Collins should begin her clean ing operations, when she heard a voice very near her saying, ' Charming thing that, indeed ! I should say that for handling, and — and — what you may call really bantling, yoa know, it is a gem.' Barbara turning round, as she sat down ihe lamp on the table, found herself face to face with Mr. Mortimer Hopkins. ' Pray pardon the intrusion, Miss Copley,' he said, beginning to speak in a flurried manner — for Barbara's face and Barbara's bow, although both were peifectly gentle, bad somehow apprised him that he had taken a liberty. ' I hope you'll excuse me. The fact is, I — seeing the door open, and being 011 my way to Mrs. Green's— I— I do hope you'll forgive me ! ' He said it so earnestly that Barbara at once re assured him by a kind smile and a word or two of greeting, telling him a1; the same time that she also was going to see Mrs. Green. She then desired Sirs. Collins to put out the lamp, and lock the door ; and as they all three came out upon the landing together, ihey beheld Mrs. Green putting a latchkey into her own door. ' La ! ' she exclaimed. ' I declare it's Miss Copley and Mr. Mortimer Hopkins ! Why, who'd have thought of seeing you two here'to gether r This is a pleasant surprise ! ' Whereupon Mortimer, being apprehensive lost Miss Copley should be offended at this familiar coupling of their names together, hastened fo ex plain that he had only just looked iu to bring a message from T»d (Ted being his crony, young Grei-iij ; that, seeing (he door of Sir. Hughes's studio open, be hail ventured to niter; that he hadn't hern there a minute ; and so on. We are aware, 011 his own authority, that. Mr. Sfortimejr Hopkins held Miss Copley to be 'a perfect lady and fliat iliis constituted a power ful attraction iu his eyes mav be inferred from his confidences to Messieurs Green and Toll* r. Nevertheless, this same attribute of perfect lady hood tended to make him uncomfortably nervous iu Miss Copley's presence, and caused him to suffer many misgivings as to fhe propriety aud good taste of his own behaviour — points upon which he had very seldom been in doubt all his Life before. When they entered Mrs. Green's apartment, the good- natured little flower-painter bustled about to get ready a cup of tea, which Barbara at first declined, saying that she could not remain long, and that her visit was a purely selfish and j business cue. ' Selfish ! I'm sure it ain't. Business it may j be,' said Sirs. Green. And she pressed Barbara j so heartily to remove her cloak, and to drink just one cup of nice hot tea, which would be ready in a few minutes, that the girl felt it would hurt her to refuse any longer. ' Now, that's friendly,' said Mrs. Green. ' We can ta k a great, deal more comfortably so. Miss Hughes won't be uneasy. She knows where you are, of course. And if you want au escort hy-and-bye — Tottenham Court-road not being exactly an agreeable locality for a young lady alone on a Saturday evening — I'm sure Mr. Mortimer Hopkins here will see you into a | 'bus.' Mortimer, upon fhis, began to dcclare that j nothing could make him more proud, more — he j was about to say more blest. But, fearing that j might be a little loo strong at the present stage of affairs, he substituted the miserably inadequate I statement that, ofcourse, he should be very happy if Miss Copley had no objections. ! (To be continued.) There are four varieties in society— the lover?, the ambitious, observers, and fools. Tlie fools are hap piest. Cayman : Tin's is a great elay with us at home. My daughter 'comes out' to-night. Dumley : Don't say ! So does my brother. He's been in for seven years. ' I once wrote a ghost stoiy for the Weekly Balloon , aud ? ' ' Was it a good one r' 'In one way it was, and in another it wasn't. Its literary finish was exquisite, but tbe ghost never walked.' 