ieneral ffetfa. Irish National Federation. — In consequence of so many members of the Federation being out of town during the holidays, the hon. secretary did not con vene the asnal monthly meeting on Monday last. However, the next meeting will be held on Monday evening, January 11, when the President (Mr. Glynn) will deliver an address on recent political events in Ireland. The nomination of officers for the ensuing year will also take place, so every member and every intending member should be present. The attendance at the Federation meetings has not been nearly as large as it should be lately. With the beginning of the New Year we hope to see revived interest in the Society. Mb. J. F. Hogan, the well-known Irish-Australian author, is spending a few days in Dublin. He is staying at the Imperial Hotel. Mr. Hogan is best known to his countrymen at home and abroad as the historian of " The Irish in Australia." Although Irish-born, Mr. Hogan has spent most of his life in Australia. He was the secretary to the executive committee for the erection of the heroic statue of Daniel O'Connell, the work of Mr. ThomaB Brock, B.A., that now stands in front of St. Patrick's Cathedral, Melbourne. He was one of the founders, and for a series of years the President of the Victorian Catholic Young Men's Society — one of the largest and most influential organised bodieB of rising Irish-Australians. Mr. Hogan was a frequent speaker at Irish National gatherings in Melbourne, and was prominently identified with every movement started in the colonies for the benefit of the old land. The Cathedbal.—-Solemn High Mass was celebrated at the Cathedral on Snnday last at 11 o'clock, a crowded congregation being in attendance. The choir again received the gratuitous services of the Italian orchestra, as well as many of the singers of the company. Haydn's "No.-2 Mass" was repeated, but owing to the strength of the orchestra the general effect was some what marred. It would be an advantage if the brass instruments were not brought into requisition in future. The solos of the Mass were rendered by Mrs. Keogh, Signorina Tresani, and Messrs. Boozi and Brice. At the offertory Cherubim's beautiful "Ave Maria," with string accompaniments, was exquisitely sung by Signora Cuttica. The choir are now giving their attention to the study of Gregorian muBic. Catholics in Victoria.—Comment ing on the religious statistics of Victoria, our contemporary, the Mel bourne Herald, observes :—"For the first time in the history of the colony, the Roman Catholics have fallen behind the rate of increase of the population. Ten years ago they numbered 203,480. Their numerical increase has been only 44.891, or at the rate of 22J per cent., that is 10 per cent, behind the growth of the population, Ten years ago their proportion of the population was 24 01. It has fallen to 22 25. The Church of England numbers 401,605 adherents, or more than one-third of the entire population. In the general comparison instituted by the Government Statist between the strength of the different churches, Protestants (not otherwise defined) are added to the numbers of the Church of England. Exception may justly be taken to that. No donbt the majority of them are Episcopalians, but a fair proportion in all probability belongs to the Presbyterians, Methodists, or Congregationalists." Victorian Politics.—Commenting on the probable appointment of the Vic torian Premier as Agent-General, " Tapley " writes in the Advocate :— " Mr. Shiels will then probably be entrnsted with the work of forming a Ministry. There are other names mentioned in the political whispering gallery. Some folks say that Sir Bryan O'Loghlen will be invited to join the Ministry. Others say that Deakin will be asked once more. A third rumour is that Wrixon may be a member of the reconstructed Ministry. But amidst all the speculations there rises up the figure of Sir Graham Berry, like the ghost of Caesar, warning Brutus and Cassius of an impending doom. A little bird whispers to me that Sir Bryan and Mr. Deakin have an idea that a Liberal alliance might be struck up with Sir Graham to go for^ thorough-paced Radical programme.' The Late Mrs. Edward Byrne.— Mr. Michael Kenny writes with reference to the death of the above lady, which occurred at Mount Rat, Yorke s Penin sula, on November 2 last:—" Jane Byrne was the eldeBt daughter of John James Frost, who rented a large farm in Rosmanahar, one of the best farming and grazing spots in Ireland; but in consequence of failure of crops he was unable to pay the rent, and the usual Irish consequence followed—he was evicted, and one of the finest families that left the County Clare was thrown upon the world, a good many of them finding happy homes and rearing large families in South Australia. Mr. Edward Byrne, the deceased lady s husband, was a tenant of the O Brien s, of Dromoland, and had also freehold and leasehold properties around Six Mile Bridge, County Clare, which allowed him to live a gentleman's life as long as I knew him, and he never evicted a tenant. I had no more idea of seeing him and his family follow me to Australia than I had of seeing Sir Lucius O'Brien himself do so." The Best Books to Bead.—The following letter (from Ven. Archdeacon Slattery, V.G.) appeared in Melbourne HeraldDear Sir—In reply to your courteous circular, inquiring what books are best suited to mould the moral character of boys and girls, I most willingly send you a short reply. It is quite obvious that the principles which which ought to be instilled carefully and constantly into the minds of all young persons are truth, justice, honor, kind ness, gentleness, ■ piety; These social and., moral virtues should be taught by word* and still more by example, by all those who have the sacred duty; of instructing youth. To promote such instruction, the hest books in my judg ment, are:— For truth, Lingard's * History of England ;' for justice, Fenelon's ' Telemachas ;* for honor, ' Plutarch's Lives ;' for kindness, the ' Imitation of Christ;' for gentleness, St. Francis de Salis* ' Introdnetion to a Devout Life;' and for piety, the Holy Bible. These books are all compiled on the broadest principles of truth and morality, and hence cannot fail to instruct and improve everyone who reads them.—Yours faithfully, P. J. Slattery, St. Mary's, Greelong, Decem ber 14, 1891." Catholic Annual.—Mr. F. B. Keogb, Victoria Square West, announces that he has just received from the publishers " The Catholic Home Annual for 1892." It contains illustrated biographical sketches and memoirs, the calendar in English for the laity, and other in teresting matter. The price is 2s. 6d. — [Advt.] 