NICE OF THE WOODS. CHAPTER XIX.—CosTn&TED.; At tnat conjuncture, and just when i orresf er caught his breath with intense and expectation, an incident occurred irHch entirely changed the face of affaire, •tid snatched the victory from the hands of the Kentuckians. The gallant Bruce, thus calling upon his followers to prepare for the charge, had scarce uttered the words recorded, before a voice, lustier oven than bis own, bellowed from a bush immediately on his rear— lake it like a butcher’s bull-dog*, tooth and nail —knife and skull-splitter, foot and finger, give it to ’em every way,—cock-a doodle-doo I” At these words, coming from a quarter and from an. ally entirely unexpected, young Bruce ^ looked behind him, and beheld, from a hazel bush, through which it had just forced its way, the visage of Roaring Ralph Stackpole: its natural ugli ness greatly increased by countless scratches and spots of blood, the result of his leap down the ledge of rocks, when first set upon by the Indians, and his eyes squinting •daggers ^ and ratsbane, especially while he was giving utterance to that gallinaceous Slogan with which he was wont to express his appetite for conflict, and with which he now concluded his unceremonious salutation. The voice and visage were alike familiar to Bruce s senses; and neither was so well exc*^® fllarm as merriment. But, on the present occasion, they produced an effect upon the young Regulator’s spirits, ana through them upon his actions, the most '^^otfcunato in the world ; to understand which it must fee recollected that the worthy Kentuckian had, twenty-four hours before, with his own hands, assisted in gibbeting honest Ralph on the beech tree, where, ire had every reason to suppose, his lifeless body hacging at' that very moment. His as tonishment and horror may therefore be con ceived, when, turning in some perturbation at the well known voice, he beheld that identical body, the corpse of the executed horse-thief, crawling after him in the grass, 4t winking and blinking and squinting,” as he was used afterwards to say, “as if the ‘devil had him by the pastern.” It was a spectacle which the nerves of even Tom Bruce could not stand; it did / what armed Indians could not do, — it frightened. him out of his propriety. For-, getting his situation, his comrades, the savage3,—'forgetting everything hut the fact of his having administered the last correction of Lynch-law to the object of his terror, he sprang to his feet, and, roaring. 41 By the eternal devil, here’s Ralph Stack pole !” he took to his heels, running, in his nonfusion, right in the direction of the enemy, among whom he would have presently found himself, but for a shot, by which, before he had run six yards, the un fortunate youth was struck to the earth. The exclamation, and the eight of Ralph lumself, who also rose to follow the young leader upon what he deemed a rush against the foe, electrified the whole body of the Regulators,. who were immediately thrown into confusion; of which the savages took the same advantage they had taken of Bruce’s agitation; firing upon them as they rose, and then rushing upon them to end the fray, before they could recover their wits or spirits. It needed but this, and the fall of their leader, to render the disorder of the young men irretrievable; and, accordingly, in less than a moment, they were seen,—all, at least, who were nofcalmostdisabled,—flyingin a panic from the field of battlo. It was in vain that the captain of horse*thieves, divin ing at last the cause of their extraordinary flight, roared out that he was a living man, with nothing of a ghost about him what ever ; the panic was universal and irremedi able, and nothing remained for him to do but to save his own life as quickly as possible. “ ’Tarnal death to me!” he bellowed, turning to fly; but a groan from Bruce fell on his ear. He ran to the side of the fallen youth, and, catching him by the hand, ex claimed, “Now for the best leg, Tom, and a rush up hill to the hosses !” “You ar’n't haDged then, after all?” muttered the junior ; and then fell baok as if unable to rise, adding faintly, “ Go;—rat it, I’m done for.—As for the—’1—savages-, what have I to say—'I—’I—. .But I reokon scalping’s not much’1—-’1—one soon gw used to it!” And thus the young Kentuckian, his blood oozing fast, his mind wandering, his utterance failing, muttered, resigning him self to his fate, ignorant that even Staokpole was no longer at his side to hear him. His fate did indeed seem to be inevitable; for, while Staokpole had him by the hand, vainly tugging to get him on hisleet, three different Indians were seen running with might and main to quenoh the last spark of his exis- ] tence, and to finish Staokpole at the same *UBut in that very emergency, the ill-luck which seemed to pursue the horse-thief and All with whom he was associated, found a change; and destiny sent them both assist ance in a way and by means as unexpected as thev were unhoped for. The approach of the savages was noticed by Roaring Kalph, who, not knowing how to save his young executioner, against whom he seemed to entertain no feelings of anger ■whatever, and whose approaching fate he appeared well disposed to revenge before hand, clapped his rifle to his shoulder, to make sure of one of the number; when his eye was attracted by the speotaole of a horse rushing up the stony road, neighing furiously and scattering the Indians before him. It was the charger Briareus, who had broken from the tree whore he had been fastened below, and now came dashing up the hill, distracted with terror, or perhaps burning to mingle in the battle, which ho bad heard and snuffed from afar. He galloped by the three Indians, who leaped aside in alarm, while Staokpole, taking advantage of the moment, ran up and siezed him by the bridle. In anothor moment, he had assisted the fainting Ken tuckian upon the animal's back, leaped up behind him, and was dashing with wild speed up the hill, yelling with triumph, and laughing to scorn the bullets that were ■■ shot vainly after. 