LATEST LONDON TELEGRAM (From our own Correapoadsofc.) LONDON, June 13, j The British East Africa Company propoBe | to abandon Uganda on account of want of funds. The Times urges the Government to help the company to hold the country. The Government of France have compen sated the relatives of several of the victims of the dynamite outrages. Mr. Bigelow, An American journalist, bus been expelled from Russia. The London Nonconformist Council are issuing an appeal to the electors asking them to Bupport Gladstonian candidates. June 14. In the town of Orense, Spain, several churches were struck by lightning, which shattered large portions of their walls. Ten persons were killed by the falling debris, and thirty were wounded. At Mucientes live persons were killed and many injured through the same cause. The cathedral of Burgos, one of the finest buildings in Europe, was damaged. The Russian Government have agreed with Baron Hirach to deport three millions five hundred thousand Jews from Russia within the next 25 years. Of this number 25,000 will leave the country during the present year. The British Parliament will be dissolved about June 30. Mr. G, R. Dibbs, Premier of New South Wales, was banquetted at the House of Commons to-day. As Mr. Dibbs passed through the lobby of the House of Commons he received a perfect ovation from the protec tionist members of the House of Commons. The Council of the Imperial Federation League have expressed themselves to be desir ous of conferring with Mr. G. R. Dibbs, The Sydney Full Court has decided that the "United Mercantile Association of Austra lasia," of which Mr. H. S. Harden was solicitor, was not a bona fide company-in fact, that Mr. Harden himself was the company. As a penalty the court decided to suspend Mr. Harden for" one year, and ordered him to pay all costs. A settlement has been effected in the print ing trade in Melbourne, the Master Printers Association agreeing to the offer of the men to accept £216s. per week of 48 hours. Christina Forrest, a married woman, resid ing at Oollit)|jwood, committed suicide on Friday by taking strychnine. She was a reli gious maniac. Some American preachers employ remarkable devices in the pulpit to attract abd impress congregations. For instance, a Boston divine reoently took a bushel of coal into the pulpit to illustrate the dishonesty of local tradesmen, Others supply the Saturday papers with the sensational titles of their Sunday sermons, such as-" A Rain of Righteousness," " That Night Interview," " Errors of Police Courts." "Pretty Women," "Character of Hamlet," and, most extraordinary of all, " Boomerangs and Monkeys." The unemployed trouble iB rampant in Mel bourne, and the Government are at their wits end to find employment and help for the suffering men ana their dependents. George Salier, a member of the Tasmanian Legislative Council, dropped dead on Saturday after leaving his business premises. He was aged 78 years. The Victorian Treasurer, with a view to meeting a likely defioit of over a million, has asked his colleagues to make strenuous efforts to reduce their estimates of expenditure for the next financial year. Probably £165,000 may be thus saved. Table Talk supplies the followingIn a new country like Victoria one would have thought that haunted houses would be an im possibility. There is scarcely a building in the country more than 50 years old, ana for a ghost toi settle in a house almost before the piaster is dry, is an idea so prosaic that even the ingenious compiler of Stead's true ghost stories would refuse to accept such a statement as conclusive proof of the fact. If persons only imagined they heard a ghost they would locate the sound in a more romantic place. Yet there are sundry people in Melbourne ready to aver that the late Dr. George Beaney has taken to revisiting the rooms he built for him self some five years ago in Collins-street. So long as Cromwell House was empty the ghoBt stole about unnoticed, but now that Dr. O'Hara has put up his brass plate on the door lintel, and his surgical instruments in the con^ suiting room, the ghost of the diamond doctor isoverredto pervade the rooms. Just about midnight the gaBalier is heard to shake, as if someone were getting out of bed, then the bath tap sounds as if it were running, though when the door is open the tap is found turned off and the bath dry. The mental impression of " a presence" is felt by the believers in the un seen on going into the late doctor's study, and altogether until the cock crows there is the un canny sensation that doctor is there, immater ialised, perhaps drinking immaterialised cham pagne, taking immaterialised guineas from ghostly patients, and altogether taking advan tage of immaterialisation to amuse servant maids and enjoy himself in his old way." The New South Wales Miuister of Works has ordered a report with reference to damming the River Darling. George Thompson, a chemist's assistant at St. Kilda has died from an over-dose of laudanum, prescribed by himself. A substitute for glass has been invented by Friedrich Eckstein, of Vienna. It is composed of collodion, wood, ether or alcohol, castor oil, aud Canadian balsam. The compound solidi ties into a sheet of material possessing all the properties of glass. The South Australian M.U. Oddfellows held their annual committee meetiug a week or two ago in Adelaide. During this year the member ship has increased by 206 members, and the fuuds by £3,524 18s lid. The amount paid in Bick pay in 1891 was £14,56910s 5d. It is probable that the Australasian Con ference on colored labor will be held in Ade laide during July. All the colonies but Queensland, Western Australia, and New Zea land will be represented. It is rumored that the Queensland Govern ment, who are very opposed to labor represent ation^ intend this session to introduce a Bill reducing the amount of payment to members of Parliament from £300 to £150 per annum. The United States House of Representatives have passed a resolution authorising the print ing and free distributing of 1,000,000 copies of Henry George's " Protection and Free Trade." Victorian Ministers Btate that they can effect a saving of £100,000 in the Education Department alone. The Hamilton Butter Factory is likely to be a great success. A large number of shares are said to have been applied for. A movement is on foot among the railway officials in Victoria to submit a testimonial to Mr. Speiffht, the retiring Chairman of the Railway Commissioners.. The Commission of Enquiry into some charges brought against the New South Wales Railway Commissioners by Mr. Schey, a mem ber of Parliament, has adjourned sine die, the charges breaking down completely. A committee has been appointed by the Minister of Education to deviso a method of introducing a general system of agricultural education into the public schools of the colony. The South Australian Trades and Labour Council have expressed themselves aa strongly adverse to holding an Australasian conference on the colored labor question. The Council is uncompromisingly adverse to the introduction into Australia of any alien race. Mr. John Craigie, an old colonist, died at his residence, Adelaide, on Friday, The de ceased, who was 71 years of age, arrived in South Australia over 43 years ago, He waB a prominent Oddfellow. Sir Henry Parkes is Btrongly averse to colored labor for any part of Austra lia, and in speeches and letters to the Press against it exhibits a vigor which would do credit to a man of half his years. 