LITERATURE. DREAMERS AND DREAMS. The article in the August number of the Contemporary which will excite most interest is one by Mr. F. Greenwood on "Imagination and Dreams." Mr. Greenwood does not at tempt to theorize in any way about his sub ject, but speaks of what he knows from hie; own experience DBEAU FACES. Before entering upon the subject of actual dreams, Mr. Greenwood lingers for a short time.over what he calls dream faces:—"It may be serviceable to remark (we read) that visions of this kind sometimes present them selves to ub in the dark when we are awake, perfectly sane, unaware of any sort of physical disturbance, and Without any effort of imagi nation.. .... They are dream stuff, so to speak, and the precursors of the dreams that fill,our minds when quite asleep." Quoting from Mr. F. Galton, Mr. Greenwood says:— "In this way a lady used to see showers of red robes, which turned into a flight of golden spBdkles or spangles; and not only were the rotes presented to her vision as distinctly as rein flowers in broad daylight might be, but she Could smell their perfume." ■ : "a face, and nothing mobe." He then goes on to say" There is nothing like that in my experience, except that at in frequent times of fatigue I share the sensations of those who' are said to have discovered a rose scent flowing, from and about them. An evanescent1 but' .very distinct violent-seen flushes frbm my hands, or so I fancy. But M M auray and Mr. Galton relate stonhs of fabes seen in'the dark in like manner; faces seem ingly standing off upon the air,, apd'ooming and going as if with .a will and purpcise of their own. M. Mauray's experience seems to have differed from .mine in this particular.. In hiB case these phantoms nearly always represented persons known to him. In mine it has never been so on a single occasion; and thedifferenoe lis a noticeable one. Ah I look at these faoes, .asking myself who'was ever like that or that, I ;find no answer except in a fancied reaemblanoe to some historical or mythological personage.. /They strikh the view as entirely- strange and .surprisingly ' original.'" ' Possibly" Blake's visions' were some, such faoes as, these Fresented to his eyes in' broad daylight; am inclined to think so beoause his -wonderful, dreadful drawing, 'The Ghost of -a Flea,' is precisely such a transcript as I -could have made by the soore had I possessed hiB pictorial skill. Under my own eyelids I have seen many a face of the same awful family; some even more dreadful Btill, being all astir with some animation. But the greater number of them are not of the too- terrible kind. After the fact that nothing foreknown or familiar ever appears amongst them, the next most remarkable thing about these visions is that they often look like the fleeting embodiment of some passion or mood of the | mind; 'usually not the bettermosb. Some ! faoes expressive of a great nobility and serenity appear, bnt I have never seen amongst: them tike mask of pity, or love,: or any soft emotion. Grief the most despairing; eoorn, cunning, pride, hate, enquiry, envious or triumphant mockery—no human faoe that ever was seen, I feel sure, displayed these emotions with a comparable fulness and intensity. It is not the oharacteristio of all, but it is of some to an almost appalling extent; and if Blake j did see these faces, either in daylight or in darkness, he had more than his imagination to draw upon when he depicted thePassions." "the other side of death." Perhaps the most interesting part of this interesting article is that in whioh Mr. Green wood deals with dreams conneoted with the supernatural and the mysteries of the world beyond the grave. We have only space to quote the following example:—" As an illus tration of this more remarkable kind of dream ing, I may relate one of a series of dreams which followed each other at intervals of a year precisely—a year and a day. A long time ago a gentleman, who may be oalled A, lost a ohild by death. He had been very fond and proud of the boy, who was seven or eight years of age, I think, when he died. Indeed, between the two there had always been a strong sympathy, and when the child was taken the father was plunged into the deepest grief. _ Like many another one in the same situation, hiB thoughts by day and night were tortured by the question—' But yet, is he still in existence ? Is there a plaoe in this vast universe where I may think of him as living, no matter how infinite the distance, or even if we are parted not only now hut for ever and ever?' "Many poor souls have been tossed about in the same yearning speculations day after day, month after month, with no diminution of doubt and pain. A. was one of these unfortunates. To this great trouble was added another,' which took the shape of a deep and surprising disap pointment. At first one of the poor man's very few comforts bad been that the boy would haunt his dreams, and that they would be together many a time that way. But it is not invariably true that what you think of most you dream of most; and for'all his hoping and praying the father never once dreamt of his son. That is to say, he never had any such dream'for a whole year, by whioh time, I dare say, the praying had been given up and the hope exhausted. But then, on the morning of the child's death, and at the very hour in which he died, the father woke from a won derful dream, so intimately and touohingly responsive to the whole year's grief that it cannot be thrown into the glare of print. It iB only mentioned—together with the fact that after another twelve months of black and empty nights another dream of the same character occurred in the same hour—in order to give its own setting to the third dream. AND ONCE AGAIN IT CAME." "The morning had again oome round. A. dreamed that he had awakened about dawn, and, thinking of nothing but the hour to rise, had drawn nis watch from under his pillow. In doing so he saw that it had been completely shattered. But how could it have been broken bo violently, lying where it had been snugly placed a few hours before ? A reasonable but an injurious conjecture occurred to him; at some time in the night the watch had been taken from beneath the pillow by his wife, who had allowed it to fall. Satisfied that there could be no other explanation, he was about to'drop asleep again, to get rid of ill-humour at the accident (this is all in the dream, be it understood), when the door opened, and in came a foreman of works to whom A. gave in structions every day, and between whom and himself there was a great liking. It seemed as if the man had come for the usual draft of work to be done, and it did not strike A. as anything out of the way that he should be visited in his bedroom for it. But he waB struck by the look of mysterious enquiry on the man's face. The next moment he con nected this look with the broken watoh, and drew it out again; the glass gone, the hands swept from the dial, but seeming less like his own watch now. What was the meaning of it? While A. was asking himself this question in a sort of expeotant trepidation, the foreman of works said, ' Put it to your ear, sir.' This A. did; and, as he listened to the even beat within, the other said, 'Sir, we know how much you are troubled, and this is our way of showing you that, though every sign of life is destroyed, life may stiil be going on.' Whereupon A. woke * all of a tremble,' beard the tranquil tick-ticking of hiB watch under his pillow, and, when he oould compose himself to take it forth, saw that the handB stood at within five or eight toinutes of the time when his boy died on the same day in the calendar." THE USE OF DBEAUS, But while, on the whole, dreams do not further the practical progress of the world, Mr. Greenwood thinks that they may serve some practical purpose:—"Nearly all dreamers can be brought into one theory—namely, that since in dreams we pass through a great variety of experiences, none of which are ever likely to befall us in real life, we are put to tests of character which we should never endure other wise ; and therefore that we ought to come to a better acquaintance with ourselves. Thus, if I have never been plaoed in a situation of extreme'danger, as by attack of armed thieves, or; in a burning house (together with others more helpless, perhaps), how am I to know : what my feelings and oonduot would really be ; under such circumstances? Think of himself . what he may, no candid man can give a con fident answer to that question. It is a common experience to disoover in one's self a surprising , coolness and resource, or a totally unsuspected and orushing cowardice, under a sudden severe ■teat. To some suoh test, it has been surmised,, we are frequently exposed in dreams; passing through emotions strong enough to affect our physical senses no less than if the danger were rem—as broken knuokleB and quaking limbs testify when we awake—and therefore all the more to be trusted as like to those which we should aotually experience if the dream were • reality." 