TRAVELS in japan. Dt Lafoadio Hkaiw.J NO. III.— IN A BUDDHIST CEME TERY. X am still -unsatisfied in my search for that which is always hidden away. I have passod anothor day in wandoring from ono shrine to another. X havo not yot seen tho face of Jiuddha. Somotimca It hnppons that after immoakahly wcarisomo climbing of Btono stops, and passing under miraculously enrven gatos, .whose gargoyles aro tnskod hoada of elophants and bonds of angry lions ; and untor- ing shoeless into scouted twilight, into magical gardens of golden lotos bloBiioms mado of papor, and tbencc behind screens, into dooper dimnesses still moro richly scented, and waiting for tho eyes to bccomo habituated to tho soft gloom, I look in vain for tho god. Only an opulont glimmering oonfusiou of things half soon — vaguo altar splondors croatod by gilded bronzes twisted into onigmas, by in describable vessels, by beautiful toxts of gold, wbicb nro riddles to nil lint tho learned — and these framing in nothing but tho darkness of the void behind tho nltar. These Japanese tako their religion lightly, cho«rfully. Tlioy throw their cash into tho tcmplo box, mnke tholr rovoronoo, olnp their linnds logotlior thrice, murmur a prayer, tbon turn to laugh or to smoko their littlo pipes boforo tho open gato of tho shrino. Their faith scorns to havo a jojouanoss unknown in tho "Western world. Tiiero is nothing grim, austoro or solf- reprcscivc about it. Properly a Buddhist worshippor should not clap the hands, hut onlyrnl> tire palms together. Tho Shinto . worshippor olaps tho hands four timos. But in some parts of Japan this dis tinction iB littlo observed, tho majority of tho lower classes worshipping at tho shriuos of both rellgipns. . Into soma shrines, I observe, tho people do not enter at all. Thoy pray beforo tho open doors. The shadow of tho Inner shrine falls never upon them ; only tho priests sojourn in it, ns in tho mysterious world of occult Buddhism— a ' world .'" of woven paces and of' waving hands"— tho naive worshippors stand or kneel in tiio sun, and troublo themselves no moro about tlio enigmas within than about tho enigma of tho future. "Where shall I bo ono million years from now ?" rnuBt suroly Boem a foolish question to him who knows himsolf to havo boon a myriad million yoars ago. Akira is bowing and smiling at tlio door. Ho slips olf his sandals, ontcrs in bis whito digitated stockings, and with anothor qhnrming smilo and bow sinks gently into tho proffered chair. Akira is a handsome boy. Witli bis smooth boardloss faco and clear bronzo skin and fino white tooth and thick blue blnolc hair, trimmed into n shook that shadows his forehead to tlio eyes, ho has almost the air, in his long wido sloovcd satin bolted robo and snowy stockings, of a young Jnpnnoso girl. I clap my hands- for ten— hotel ton, — which ho calls "Chinoao too." I offer him a cigar, wbioh ho doollncs; but with my per mission ho will smoko his pipe. Thereupon lie draws from ids girdlo a Japanese pipo oaso and tobacco pouoh combinod,' pulls out of tho pipo case n littlo brass pipe with a bowl scarcely largo enough to bold a pea, pulls out of tlio pouch some tobacco so finely cut that it looks like hair, stuffs a tiny pellet of this preparation in tho pipo and begins to smoke. Ho draws tlio smoko into bis lungs, and blows it out again through his nostrils. Tliroo littlo whiffs, at intervals of about half n minuto, and tho pipo, emptied, is replaced in its enso. Meanwhile, I liavo rotated, to Akira tho story of my disappointments. "Oh, you oan soo him to-day," rosponded Akira, "if you will tako a walk with mo to tho Temple of Zoto-Kwin. ' for this is tho Busshoo, the festival of tho birthday of Buddha. But he is very small, only a few inolios high. If you want to soo a groat Buddha, you must go to Knmakuru. Thoro is a Buddha in that place, sitting upon a lotos, and ho is 50 feet high." ; So I go forth undor tho guidance of Akira. ffo says ho may bp ablo to show mo " soma curious things.'.'. . - " ' - ' - < . . Thorn is a sound of Imppy voieos from tho temple, and tho stops aro orowdod witli smiling mothors anil laughing ohildron. Bntoring, I find women and babios pressing about a iscquorod tablo in front of tho doorway. Upon it is a littlo tub shnped vcasel of swcot tea — nmaolm ; and standing in tho contra of it is a .tiny, figure of Buddha — ono hand pointing upward, and ono downward. Tlio women, having mado tho customary offer-, ing, tako up somo of tho tea with a wooden ladle of curious shape, like an immenso pipo, and pour it over tho statuo, and thon filling tho ladlo n second time drink a littlo and givn a sip to their babies. "This is tho ooromony of washing tho statuo of Buddha. Near tho lacquered stand on whieh tlio vessol of sweet tea rosts is another and lower stand supporting a tcmplo bell, shaped like a great bowl. A priest approaches witli a padded mallet in his blind and .strikes tho bell, keeping his oyostho whilo fixed 011 mo with a look of kindly curiosity. But the bell doos not sound properly; I10 starts, looks into it, laughs and stoops to lift out of it a pretty smiling Japanese baby. Tlio motlior, also laughing, runs to re lieve him of his burden ; and priest, mother and baby all look at us witli a frankness of mirth in which wo cannot but join. Akira leaves mo a moment to spoak with ono of tho tomplo attendants, and prosontly roturns witli a curious ; Incquorod box, about a foot in length and 4 inches wido on oaoli of its four sides. Thoro is only n small holo in ono end of it— no appearance of a lid of any sort. "Now," says Akira, " if you wish to pay two sen, wo shall, loarn our f uturo lot according to tho will of tlio gods," Gladly I pay tho two Bon ; and Akira shakos tho box. Out comos a narrow slip of bamboo, with Chinoso cliaraoters written thereon. " Ki-tsu I" cries Aidra, " Good fortunes Tho number is fifty and ono." Again ho Btrakos tho box; a scoond bamboo slip issues from tlio Bliti " Dai-ki-tsu— groat good fortune. Tho number Is niuoty-and-nino." Onco more tho box is shakon— one moro tho oracular bamboo protrudes. " Kyo !"' laughs Akira. "Evil will bofall us. Tho nurabor is sixty-and-folir." IIo returns tho box to a priest, and reeoivos threo mysterious piipors, marked with numbors corresponding to tho nU'mbors of tho bamboo slips. .-These -littlo bamboo slips, or divining sticks, are called mikuji. Now this, as translated by Akira, is tlio suhstanco of tho text of tho papor num bered 51 " Hp who drawoth forth this mikuji, lot him live according to tlio heavoniy law and worship Kwannon. If his troublo bo a sickness, it shall pass from' him. If ho havo lost aught, it shall bo found.. If I10 havo a suit at law, lie ahall gain. If ho love a woman, ho shall suroly win her, though ho should havo to wait. And many happi nesses will oomo to him." The Dai-ki-tsu paper roads almost similarly, with tho solo' difforonoos that instead of Kwannon, tho deities of wealth and prosperity — Dnikoku, Bishamon and . Banton— nro to bo worshipped, and that tho fortunate man will not havo to wait at all for tlio woman loved. But tho Kyo papor roads thus : — "Ho who drawoth forth this mikuji, it will bo woll for him to obey the heavenly law and to worship Kwannon tho MoroiCul. If ho have any sick ness, oven mucli moro. sick ho shall become. ho havo lost might it shall novcr bo fouml ngain. If ho havo a stilt at law ho shall never gain it. If ho lovo a woman, lot him havo no more expectation of winning her. Only by tho most diligent pioty can ho hope to csoapo tho most frightful calamities. And there shall bo 110 felicity in his portion." All tho some, wo nro fortunate," laughs. Ahira, "Twice out of threo timos wo havo found luck, , ' , . Now wo will go to eco auother statuo of Buddha." And he guides mo, through many labyrinthine, curious atroets, to tho southern verge of tlio city. ' Boforo us towers a hill, witli a broad flight of ono stops sloping to its summit— botweon foiiago of cedars and maplqs. Wo climb, nnd I soo above mo tho lions of Buddha waiting ; mala yawning mennoo ; tlio fomalo witli mouth closed. Passing botweon tliom, we enter " ufio court, at whoso further cud rises another wooded omiuenco. And lioro is tlio tomplo, with roof of bluo painted coppor tiles and tiltod oaves nnd gar- Boy " and .dragons, but all weather Btaincd to hc n0ptral tone. Tho paper doors are opon, but a molnnoholy rliytlnnio chant from, within ' tells us that tlio noonday sorvico is being bold : tlio priests aro chanting tlio syllables of Sanscrit toxts transliterated into Chinese, intoning n sutra of which tlio meaning lias bean forgotten generations ngo— tho sutra called tlio Sutra" of tha Lotos of tho Qood Law. Ono of those who chants kcops timo by tapping witli'a mallet, cotton wrappod, soino grotesque ohjc'ot shaped like a dolphin's head, all lacqiiored in T-arlet and gold, which givos forth a dull boviriing tono. -To tlio right of tho tomplo is a littlo shrino, fillingtlio air with fragrahco of inconso burning. I peer in through tlio bluo smoko that onrls up from half adozon tiny rods planted in a small brazior full of ashes, and far back in tlio Bhadow I sco standing a swarthy Buddha, tiara eoilfcd, with head bowed nnd bands joined — just as I sco tlio Japanese praying, orcot In tho sun, before tiio thresholds of temples. . . . Tlio figure is of wood, ruddy wrought and rudoly colored, still the plnoid faco has beauty — beauty, of ouggestion. -- Crossing tlio court to tho left of tho building I find another flight of stops before me, loading up a slopa to something mysterious still higher,' among anormouB treos. I asoend those steps nlbo, reach tho top,' guarded by two small, sym bolic lions, and suddenly find mysolf 'in oool shadow, and started into immobility by a spoo- tncio totally unexpected and unfamiliar. Dark, almost blaok,.soil ; and tlio shadowing of trees immoinorially old, through whoso vaultod f olingo tho sunlight loakB thinly down- in rare flocks : a crepuscular light, tender nnd solomn, revealing tho weirdest host of- un familiar shapes— a vast congregation of ' grey columnar mosHy tilings, .Btony,' monumental," strangely sculptured with Chincso ideographs.'; And about them, behind thorn, risinn hicii abovo tliom— tbiokly sot as rushes. in a marsh vorgo— v tall, slonder wooden tablets,- liko laths, -black-.' written with similar fantnstio lettering, pioroo tlio green . gloom by thousands, by tens . of thousands. ' - ' And boforo I oan noto. otlicr details, .1 know- that I am in a haknba, n comotory— a very anoient Buddhist cometcry. Tli dso latlis aro called in tho Japanese 'tonguo- sotabas. All liavo nbtohos out upon tlioir edges on both sides near, tho top— fivo notches;- and all arc paintod with Ohlncao oliarootors on both ' fooes. Ono inscription is always tlio phraso, "To promote Buddaliood," painted iminodiatoly below tho dead man's name; the inscription upon tho othorsurfncaiB alwaysa scntcnco in Sanscrit, whoso meaning has beon forgotten even by those priests who perform tho funeral rites. Ono such lath is planted behind tlio tomb as soon as tlio monumont haka is act up ; tlion another every seven days for 49 days ; thon ono after tho lapso of 100 days ; then ono at tho end ' of a year ; then one aftor tho 'passing of throo yoars; thon at suooousivoiy longer; periods others nro crcotcd during 100 years. ' : Aud in almost every group I notice 'ono quite now, of freshly pinned unpaintod whito wood, standing beside otliors grey, or oven blnolc, with age;' and thoro are many still older, from wlioso surface all tho characters havo' disappeared,' lying on tho sombre clay. Hundreds stand so looso in tiio soil that tho least liroezo jostles and olattors them togatlior with a bony sound. Not loss unfamiliar in their forms, but far more interesting, nro tho monnmentB of stono. Ono Hhnpo I know represents five of tho Buddhist elements — a cubo supporting .a sphere which upholds a pyramid oil which roots a shallow square cup with four crescent edgos and tilted oornors, nnd in tlio oup a pyri- form body poisod with tlio ppint ujiwrirds. .Tlieso succossivoly typify Earth, "Water, Firo,. Wind, Ether, tho fivo substanoos wlicrcfroni tho body is sliapon, ' and into whioh It is resolved by donth, tho absonoo of any emblem for tho sixth element, knowlodgo, touches moro than nny imagery ooncoivnblo oould do. And, nevertheless, in tho purpose of tho symbolism," this omission was nevor planned with tho samo idea that it suggests to tho ofcci- dontal mind. Very numerous also among tho monuments aro low square flat-toppod shafts, with a Japaneso inscription in black and gold, or morely cut into tho stono itself. Then there aro upright slabs of various chapes and heights, mostly rounded at tho top, usually bearing sculptures in relief. Finally, tiiero nrO many curiously angled . stones, or natural rooks, dressed on one side only, -with- designs lightly and beautifully etched upon tiio smootliod surfnee. Thoro would nppcar to bo somo moaning evon in tho regularity of thoir form; the rock always seems to have' boon brokon out of its bod. at fivo anglos, and tho manner in whioh each remains balanced por- pondloulnrly upon its pedestal is a soorot that tlio first wondering examination rofusos to reveal. .Tlio pedestals tliomsolvos vary in oonstruo- tion : most havo tliroo orifices in tlio projocting surface in front of tho monument supported by tliom, usually ono largo oval cavity in tho oontre, with two small -round holes Honking it. Thoso smaller holes, servo for tlio burning of inconso rods. Tho largor cavity is filled, witli water. I do not know exactly why. Only my Japanese companion tolls mo " It is an anciont custom in Japan thus to pour out water for the dead. . -. ." There aro also bamboo onps on oitlior side of tlio monumont in whioh to plaoo flowers. Many of the sculptures represent Buddha in meditation or in tho attitudo of oxhorting. ' A few picture liirn aslocp, witli his cheek resting -upon his hand ; siumboring softly as a child, witli tho placid, restful, dreaming faco of ' a child ; a Japanese ohild — this means Nirvana. A common design upon many tombs also seems to bo two lotos blossoms with stalks inter twined. In ono placo I sec a stono with an English nnmo upon it, and abovo that nnmo a rudely ohlselled cross. . . . Verily the' priests of Buddha liavo blessed tolerance; for this is as Christian's tomb. And nil is chipped andmouldorod and mossed, and tlio groy. stones stand olosoly in hosts of rftiikB, only oho or two' inches apart— ranks of : thousands upon thousands— always in the shadow of tho giant troos. Overhead imntmor- ablo small birds swooton tbo air with their. trill ing ; and far boiow, down the stcpB bcitind us, I still honr tho melancholy chant of tlio pribsts, faintly, liko a humming of boos. Akira loads tbo way in silcnoo to whoro otlier stops dascond into a darker and oldbr part of tbo cemetery — nnd horo -I find myself faco to face with a group of colossal monuments— very "fall, massive, mossed by timo, with characters out moro than 2 inches deep into tlio groy rook of tliom ; nnd behind tliom, in liou of lnths, nro planted lingo sotob'as 12 to l4 feet high anil thick as tho beams of a' tomplo roof. Theso aro gravas of priests. Dcsoonding tho shadowed .stops, I sco on the right six littlo stntuos about 3 feet high Btnnding in n row upon 0110 long pedestal. Tiio first holds a Buddhist inconso box; tho second a lotos ; tho third, a pilgrim's staff (tsub) ; tho fourth is telling tho beads of a Buddhist rosary; tho fifth stands in tlio attitudo of prayer; with hands joined ; tho sixth boars in 0110' hand tho sliakujo, or mendicant priest's stalf; linving six rings fitted into its looped summit— and in tlio other hand the mystic jowol, Nyo-i-ho-shu, by virtuo whereof nil desires may bo accom plished. But tho faces of tlio six are tlio same, each figure differs from the other by nttituda only nnd cmbicmatlo attribute, and all nro smiling the like faint Bmilo — gentle; naif, passionless. About tho neck of cacli figure a whito cotton bag is suspended, and- nil tlio bng9 aro filled with pobblcs ; nnd pebbles liavo been piled high also about tho feet of tlio statues, and upon their knees, mid upon . their shoulders, and even upon the cironmferonco of tliolr glory disks of stone, littlo pebbles aro balanced. Archaic, mysterious, but inexplic ably touching all those soft childish faces are. Roku Jizo — "Tlio Six -Jizo" — those images aro oallcd in the spcocli of tlio pooplo, and such groups may bo scon 111 many a Japanese come tcry. Thoy are representations of tbo most beautiful and tender figure in Jnpnnoso popular faith, that ohnrniing divinity who cares for tho souls of littlo children and consoles them in tho placo of unrest, and saves them from tlio demons. "But why all those littlo stones piled about tho statue3 ? " I ask. "Well, it is becnuso somo say thnt tho child ghosts must build littlo towers of stones for ponanco in tlio Sninn Kawnra, which is tlio plaoo to which nil ohildron aftor death must go. And the Oni, who are demons, ooino to throw down tho littlo stono piles ns fast as the ohildron build ; and those domons frighten tlio children, and boat thorn, and torment tbom. But 'tho littlo souls run to Jizo, who hideB thorn in Ills groat alcoves, and comforts them, and makes tlio domons 50 away. And every Btono one lnys upon the knocs or at tho foot of Jizo, with a prayer from tho heart, holps soma child soul in tlio Sainn- Knwnra to perform its long ponanco. Tho real origin of tho custom of piling stones before tiio imagos of Jizo and othor divinities is not now known to tho pooplo. Tiio custom is fonndud upon a paHBago in tho famous Sutra (Tho Lotos of tlio Good Law); — "Even tho littlo boys who in playing crcatod lioro and thoro heaps of sand witli tho intention of dedicating tliom as Stupaa to tho Oinas — thoy liavo all of thorn readied onlightcnmont." Saddkarma I'undariha : c. ii., v. 81. (Kern's translation — Sacred' Hoots of the East, vol. xxi.) "Ail littlo ohildron," says tbo young Budd hist Btudont who tolis mo nil this, witli a smilo ns gentle ns Jlzo's own, " must go to the Sninn- Kawara when thoy dio. And there they play with Jizo. Tlio Saina-Kawara is beneath us below tbo ground. And Jizo has long alcoves to bis robe — and thoy pull him by tiio; sleeves in thoir play ; and thoy pilo up littlo stonos before liirn to amuso themselves; And tlioso stones you sco heaped about tlio Stntuos nro put tliore by good pcoplo for tlio sako of the littlo ones, most ofton by mothers of dond ohildron who pray to Jizo. But grown paoplo do not go to tlio Sninn-Knwnrn when thoy die, but to tlio Gokuraku." Excopt thoso who havo nevor married. And tho young student, leaving tlio Rolen- Gizo, loads tlio way to othor strange surprisos guiding mo among tho tombs, showing mo tho sculptured divinities. _ Some of thoso aro quaintly touoliing — nil are 'ihtorcsting, a few are positively beautiful. Tliogreater number havo nimbi. Many aro rop- rcsontod kneeling, with hands joined oxnotly liko tho figures of saints in old Christian .art. Otliors, holding lotos fiowers, appear to- droom tlio dreams that aro ipeditations. One figure ropososon tlio coils nf a grout serpent, 'Another, coiffod with - somotbing- resembling a .tiara, lias six hands — ono pair joined in prayer, pbo rest, oxtondod, hold out various objects; and this figure stands upon a prostrate human like figure — perhaps a demon — crouching face down wards. Yet another, imago, out in low roli'ef; has arms innumerable. The first pair of hands aro joined, with the palms togothor ; while from ohind .tlioiino of tho shouldors, asif siiadowily emanating therefrom, multitudinous arms roaoh out in nil directions, vapory, spiritual, holding forth all kinds of objeots uh in answor to supplication, and symbolising pcrlmpB tlio omnipotonoo of lovo. This- is but ono 'of tbo many forms of Kwannon, the goddoss of mercy, tbo gontlo divinity who refused tbo rest of Nirvana, to savo tho souls of men, and who is most frequently pictured as a beautiful Japaneso girl. But horo slio -nppoars ns Kwannon-Snnjln — "thb Thousand- Handed." Close by stands a great slab, bearing upon tlio . upper portion . of its chisollod surface an image of Buddha in relief — meditating upon a lotos ; end boloiv aro oarvon threo weird little .figures — 0110 witli hands upon its eyes, ono with hands upon its oars, ouq with Iiands upon its mouth. Tlieso nro- .Apco. "AVliat do tlioy signify?" I inquire,- My friond nnswors vaguely in his brokon Eng lish, repeating tho whilo onch gesture of tlio threo Bouipturod slinpos : — " I soo no bad tiling ; — I hoar no bad thing ; — I speak no bad thing. " Gradually, by dint of reiterated explanations, I learn myself to recognlso como of tho gods at sight. Tlio figure- seated upon a lotos, hold ing a sword in Its hand, and surroundod by bickering firo, is Fudo-Sama— Buddlia as tho- Unmovod, tlio Immutnlilo ; tho- word signifies intellect, tlio firo is power. Horo is .a meditating divinity holding in one hand a ooll of ropes. Tho divinity is Buddha ; tlioso nro tlio ropos which bind tho passions and de sires. Hero also is Buddha, slumbering, with tho gontlost, ' softost Japanoso faoe— a child-sweet faco — nnd oyes closed, nnd linnii pillowing tlio olioek— in Nirvana ! Horo is a bonutiful virgin figure, standing upon a lily, Kwannb'n-Sdma, tho Japanoso Ma donna. Hero is a solomn seated figure, holding in 0110 hand a vase, and lifting tlio othor with tho gesture of n tcachor, Ynkushi- Snmn — Buddha, tho Ail-Hcalcr, ghostly Physi cian of Souls. Also I soc figures of animals. Sliiks, tho Deer of Buddhist birth-stories, stands, all grace, in snowy atono upon tlio Biimmit of toros or nativo lamps. On ono tomb I soo, superbly chiselled, .tlio imago of. a ilsli, .or rather the Idoa of n fish, made beautifully grotosqno for sculp tural purposes, liko tho dolphin of Greek art. It crowns tho top of a memorial column, the ' broad, open jaws, allowing serrated tooth, rest on tho summit of tho block Rearing tho doad man's namo, tho dorsal fin nnd olevnted tail nro olaboratod into oxquis'ita decorative impossibi lities. " Mokugyo," says Akira. It is tho samo Buddhist emblem as . that hollow woodon objcot, lacquered scarlet nnd gold, on whioh tho priests beat with a padded mallot whilo chanting tho sutrn. And finally, in 0110 placo I porccivo a pair of sit ting animals, of some mythologiaal species, sup- plo of figure as greyhounds. Kitsumo, Bays Akira — foxes. So tlioy aro, now that I look upon them with knowledge of their purposo — idcaiisod foxos, foxes spiritualised— impossibly graceful foxes. Tlioy are ohisollod in somo grey stono. Tlioy liavo long, narrow sinister, glitter ing obliquo eyes ; they soom to snarl, tlioy are weird, very weird creatures— the servants of tbo riee god, retainers of Inari-Sama, and properly belong, not. .to Buddhist iconography, but tbo imagery, of Shinto, or perhaps to a primitive aboriginal faith, older cvon than Shinto. No inscriptions upon theso tombs correspond ing to our epitaphs, only family names — tho names of tile dead and thoir relatives— and a sculptured crest, usunlly a flower. On tho sotolms, only Sanscrit words. Further on, I find othor figures of Jizo— single reliefs— sculptured upon tombs. But .0110 of thoso is a work of art so exquisito that I feel a pain at being obliged to pass it by. Moro swoet, ossurfidly, than any imagod Christ, this dream in whito stono - of tho dear play lollow of all doad children, liko a most beautiful boy, witli gracious eyolids half elosod, and faco mado heavenly by suoli a Bmilo as only Buddhist art could even have imagined — the smilo of inflnito lovingncss and suprcmeBt gentleness. Indoed, so charming the ideal of Jizo is, that in tlio speooh of tho people a . beautiful faoo is always likened to his— Jizo-Kao, "as the faco of Jizo." 