STRANGE REMEDIES. fChambers's Journal.) Credulity and superstition are not confined to the lower classes alono in Ireland. A story told me as an actual fact by an educated lady, the daughter and sister of a clergyman, might very well be classed as an instance of both. We were discussing the subject of charms, and I was surprised to see that she believed in them herself, as did also her reverend brother. " I cannot doubt what I know to bc true myself," she said, and told us thc following tale, which I give in her own words:-"There was a man in our village, a respectable shopkeeper, who was afflicted with an enormous tumour in his check. I well remember the feelings of awe and curiosity with which I used to inspect his profile in church when I was a child. - He sat a few pews in front of us, and I could not resist thc temptation of watching him all through thc service, and looking for the grotesque effects of his enormously ex- aggerated check. His infirmity seemed to increase with years, and thc poor man was a frightful object. One day not long nco I passed a man in the village street whose face I seemed to know, and yet I could not think of his . name. It suddenly dawned upon me it was Mr. - without his swollen cheek ! I could hardly be- lieve my senses, and followed him into a shop on purpose to sec if it really could bc thc man I had seen only thc Sunday before, so marvellously changed in such a short time. Yes, it certainly was Mr.-. He addressed mc first, saving, ' I suppose you hardly re- cognise me and he then told me how he was cured. It WHB by a charin ! He was advised to go out thc first night the new moon was visible, and after saying, ' In thc name of Father, Son, and Holy Ghost," to wave a dinner-plate round his head nine times towards the new moon. He did so, and in the morning his tumour had completely disap- peared !" Such was the tale told to me and implicitly believed in by au educated Irish lady. The lower orders of Irish arc as a rule rather hypochondriacs!, and they arc fond of trying peculiar remedies for their ailments. A favourite poultice for wounds is a paraffin caudle scraped and some cabbage, all boiled together. A simple, but rather unpleasant remedy for a cut leg was recomineudcd to an Did man-it was to sit with his leg in a bog- hole all night. This he tried with perfect success. His leg (jot quite well ; but as lie died of bronchitis a few days after- wards he did not long enjoy his " perfect cure." A carpenter, who in chopping wood liad cut a slice off his shin-bone with the Datchet, first applied a poultice of nettles mid salt. This not healing it immediately, he put on a bandage soaked in i Venice turpentine. As the wound remained obstinate, and oven got worse under his gentle treatment, he de'ermined to bc firm ivith it and show it he would stand no more i nonsense, so he bumed it with bluestone ! [fe did not lose thc leg, but it did not recover jutil less heroic remedies were used. A poor nan suffering from inflammation of thc eye ; »used by a thorn had bluestone blown in. He lid lose tho eye. A favourite remedy for every (ind of internal pain is hot vinegar punch ; ndecd, vinogar taken either cola or lint is i ïonsidered almost a specific for everything, [t must be comforting in some cases ! It ÍB nuch used for a "squcezin' on thc hart," < vhich is thc commonest complaint of all. i riley are a kindly and sympathetic race, I ilways ready to help each other in cases of < lickness, either with nursing or good advice ; nit I fear in most cases thc remedies prc- I icribed are far worse than the disease. A . millage tragedy occurred in my own know- ' edge. A young blacksmith whoso wife had j ?resented him with their first baby was i lorrificd to find that the infant had been ' torn with teeth. So unusual an event must i ie unlucky ; so tho poor baby's teeth wero Irawn by the unskilled bauds of the black ¡ i t smith. The baby died; and the mother, shocked and grieved by the scene, died soon afterwards, " But sure, he'd never have had luck or graco if them unlucky teeth hadn't been drawn," 