Tgmmmmt Copies. sr. Patrick's CATHBDBAL. THERE should be great fettering ofl clergy arid laity at Stj, Patriok'fi Cathedral tot morrow (Sunday") evening, and there will be, we make no doubt. Priests and people site engaged in a great work, which aBBuredly has the blessing of God.. to whose honour and glory it is directed, and all who hare put % hand to it are called together to hear how it has progressed, and ^receive from their chief pastor the congratulations they have so well merited. The story to be told is, indeed* encouraging, bearing witness as it does to the 'deep faith and generosity of a people who at home or abroad hare never lacked these essentials to a healthy and vigorous Catholic life. There is, how- ever, more to be done than to indulge in congratulations. It is well to find encouragement by looking back at the. work uone, but till the last stone has beer, laid it is necessary to "look forward with still more interest. The o question to be considered to-morrow r /evening is chiefly one of way? and • 'means, and that is a subject to which it may be hoped the most serious and practical attention will V> J0 given. It is one worthy of the best eflr,rtsof the orator, and the best practical, advice of the shrewdheaded man of ousiness. More important still, it is a question which may be best solved b*y a general and generous response to the invitation of his Grace the Archbishop to place at his disposal the means of completing the great temple without let or hindrance of any kind. Even in its present unfinished state it is a noble monument to : Catholic piety and zeal; but nobler still will it be when that last stone which crowns the work has been put in its place. And that this consummation may be soon accomplished mtiBt be the aspiration of the faithful people who on past occasions have so readily gathered round their chief priest and presented the offerings for which he looked to them> In connection with the building there have already been great concourses and enthusiasm, but we venture to predict that the evidenies of the.t living, active faith which -his]already done such iwonders in AustraliiswiVi be even more manifest at tomorrow/ evening's great meeting. ' / THEBB is no danger that A SOF TO bigots will starve from BIGOTBT. want of the food upon which their appetites grow. Costing nothing, it is produced in quantities quite equal to the demand, and the dealers in the article derive a considerable profit from its distribution. It would be well that there, were restrictions on the sale of it as there are on other poisons, but it would be vain, to look for a beneficial change of that kind before the millennium, when the fox is to fraternise with the lamb and the wolf may be classed with the extinct mammalia. Strange to say, the so- called Liberal or Badical journals are the largest dealers in the pabulum with which bigotry lis nourished. If there is a nice, dainty mouthful for, gluttonous bigotry to be got anywhere some jackal of the Badical Press is ou the alert to pick it up. He does not hesitate to take it from the,gutter, or even from the grave. In theiollowing message the Age of Wednesday provides the bigots with a delicious morsel of the kind:— LONDON, 80th May.', Excavations undertaken on the site of a carriage factory in Longacre, London, which bad beenereoted over 100 years ago, haVe disclosed the remains of 25 human beings. A report is current that the ground in which these remains were found was, long before the Carriage faotorywas built, the site of nunnery. Some of the bodies had not been coffined. "A report is" current," etc. At that who that has ever heard of Maria Monk, or knows anything'of the admirers of that truthful and delicate creature, could be surprised. Even if the remains were those of donkeys, or the site had once been a knacker's yard, the report would seem to us the most natural thing in the world, coming as it does from a quarter in which a prurient fancy is strongly stimulated by bigotry. It is incomprehensible that, in an age of enlightenment in which so many shams and counterfeits have been exposed, it still pays to play on the bigotry to which this inodorous report from the grave-yard appeals. If there are still surviving a class of fanatics to mhose nostrils this foul-smelling graveyard resurrection is as sweet as the perfumes of Araby the Blest, the pity is' that there are so many fools or knaves abroadiutlie world. ' THB telegraphic GASCONADING, columns of ' Wednes- : day'« Argu* afford another specimen toi the sorry stuff which. the Unionists use tor argument. As, the gasconading nonsense of the Orangemen has no weight whatever in the controversy, 1 it; may bethought that we should not waste . dot apace with it; but, as diversity is desirable in a ; jottitAl, it would be a mistake on obr p&rt; to con≠ our selections to matter suggestive of serious tbofcght. Something light, laughable, and entertaining has to be introduced, and nothing better suits our purpose than the fee-faw-fum declarations of the Orange Lodge. In comedy or thb comic opera there is no character ittore •diverting than the pompouB, swaggering, and boasting swashbuckler Who'breathes oUt fire and furjr on all Who date look crooked at him, and the Or&ngemen; being in real life perfect tfrpeB of the ludicrous stage bully* it is always a pleasure to us to itttWdUce him in his full warpaint. Appreciating him at his real value teally could not do less. He has his \ises in Irish politics, and we should be nsensible to our duty if we did not thus use him. In his wrathful mood he best displays his traitor qualities and his impotence, and it is a decided advantage that sensible people should thus be enabled to see how malevolent and oontemptible is the opposition the Nationalists encounter from a miserably small and blatant minority of their own countrymen, who have no nobler attachment , than that they profess to a Dutch usurper and a yellow rag. If strict justice were meted out to them by a Home Bule Parliament, they would jbe disfranchised for a term of years as a clan that had acted treacherously and basely to their country; but in a Bpirit of generosity the correction administered will be confined to the existing need of it. They will not be whipped Unless admonition fails to bring them to their senses, and then the punishment will be short, sharp, and decisive. They will be treated as selfwilled and stubborn children, though that is a forbearance they do not at all deserve. But the strong can afford to be generous to the weak. DTING HABD. THE "Vegetable Products' Commission is dying hard, if dying at all, and that may be doubted, as the venerable body has thus far shown no signs of age or decay. Its tenacity of life is so strong as to suggest that in some of the productions with which it is experimentalising it ,has discovered the secret of perpetual existence. But there is still another se6ret without which its happiness is incomplete, and that discovery it has not yet made. The overnment has become jealous, if not tired, of the Commission's longevity, and is plotting to cut it short. It may be a case of envy, the life of a Government being insecure and occasionally brief, but the suspicion is neither consolation nor protection to the. Commission. It is, all the same, a worry to it that there are people who are anxious that it would give up the ghost, and who are even so inconsiderate as to contrive means.-to that end. As Treasurer, Sir Graham-Berry must be regarded as the chief conspirator against the ancient institution^ but Mr. Shiels is also thick in the. plot, and there really is not one Minister tvho. is not implicated in it. That is not creditable to the colony, for the means by' which it is proposed to cut short the existence of the Commission can hardly be considered humane. Desperate ; ;evils . sometimes demand, and even " justify,' desperate remedies, but can the Tegetable Products' Commission be regarded as an evilP Tet it is to be treated as one would not treat a dog whom it became necessary to destroy. The Commission is to be starved outof existence. Supply is to be cut' off, and 'thus. ignominiously a veteran institution, whose prolongation of life has been a subject of curiosity and study, is to be brought to a premature end.' Hard fate this for the members. If they had betrayed the slightest weariness of their task, if by Word or deed they had let it be seen that they were nearly ap< proaching its tenhination, or if they had signified in , any way that they could not with any advantage to the colony prolong, their arduous labours to the natural term of their lives, then there might be some slight excuse for the cruel and ungrateful action upon which, the Government has resolved. It Will surely seem to the Commission that there is none as things have Occurred, and' they will look from the Government to the agriculturists of the colony for a favourable verdict 7 and an appreciative epitaph, ; • .! Ttt* Imperial tttPfeBUt fitr&fi; Government has AND had some. excofcoNtAi ktGSTS. perience of the Australian Spirit on questions inVolvifag colonial rightsj and it dobs not mean to thtoWAWay its ekperibhBe. Quite the contrary—it means to turn its experience "to wise account by dealing very tenderly with the particularly delicate question which has been raised by Queensland in passing' a law reviving the Polynesian labour trade. Ministers of the Presbyterian Church engaged in missionary Wofk led off a cry against the renewal of the traffic, and Were just as Vehement in their denunciations of it as they Wer6 agaibst &fajr; toleration of French trades and Catholic priests in the New Hebrides. The cry was very warmly taken up in the House of Commons, and the Ministry have since had a bad time of it, being rather viciously badgered by the opponents of the traffic. The exceptionally pious members of the House who rank as friends of the Protestant missions were supported by Badical members in sympathy with the labour party in Australia; but the Ministry wisely withstood the pressure. Political affairs in these colonies bear just at present a calm and particularly loyal aspect; but only a shallow observer could be deceived by the outward appearance of things in that respect, and shallow observers are not th'e class of people upon whose advice an English Ministry acts in dealing with Australians. The colonial policy of a Government is certainly not directed by journals whose Bentiments and reports are ever and always intensely monarchical. Most likely it is well understood at Downing-street that below the surface there is a strong under current that is not monarchical, against which it would be unwise to raise any obstacle. Possibly it is known that a destined leader and future premier of Queens- land is an avowed Republican, and most likely it is not unknown that the premiers of New South Wales and South Australia are politicians whose views on the principles of government are both broad and liberal. To say the: least of it, Mr. Dibbs has not the slightest veneration for monarchy, Ana Mr. Playford does not hold the Crown in so much respect as a fountain of honour as to be willing to accept a title from that source. Too much importance should not, of course, be attached to the sentiments of individuals, however highly placed or influential; but,under all the .circumstances of the case, the Imperial Government is acting wisely in dealing tenderly with Australian susceptibilities on a question touching the rights of a selfgoverned colony. IN taking objection THB QUESTION last week to the OP PBECEDENCB. order in which the names of the " clergy " who Had the private entr&e; at the birthday levie were given in the two morning journals, we said that "we should be sorry to hear that his Excel-, lency was priyy to the slight that had been put upon , the heads of the Catholic Church and -on the Catholic people of this colony." We have since learned, had nothing whatever to do with making out the list in which minor Anglican dignitaries were given precedence Over the ecclesiastical heads of the Catholic Church in this colony. The list, as we now know, was not official, and, indeed, could not have been, inasmuch as it was far from. being correct. To mention only two errors, the Bight Be v. Dr. Moore, Bishop of Ballarat, and the Bight Bev. Dr. Crane, Bishop of Sandhurst, were mentioned as being present at the levee, though their lordships were unavoidably prevented from paying their respects to the representative of the Crown on this occasion. How or where these errors occurred we have no longer any interest in inquiring, and if it is any pleasure to the conductors of the morning journals to deny; in their own small way the 'consideration due to the Catholic episcopacy there is nothing in that—feeble manifestation of sectarianism to trouble anyone very much. So long as there is no sympathy with such narrow and illiberal prejudices where any display of them was not to be expected, their manifestation calls for no serious notice; and that they are confined to the.quarter in which they are so pitifully exhibited we have good- reason to know. Under the regime of the popular nobleman who represents the Queen in this colony at present no .unwarranted preference fop any denomination or tetioaality irtfk&jrtfc; W^v&frecL.-;"* - WHATKVIB* fliay (THE HIBKBHIAK have b^n ' the fiAtti. primary or seeontlaiy causes of the inability of the fiibeririaU' Society to redeem itsj fine~TutDT from its .financial liabilities, it is extremely undesirable that the building should pais into ojfher hands. And this must inevitably occur if some steps are not taken, and promptly too, to satisfy the mortgagees and release the trustees from Che embarrasiitfg position in which they are nbw placed! Indeed, the lattor is the prior'and{h e weightier obligation of the tWo/ ^I^e gentlemen who rendered r themselves responsible for the debt at a critical moment, when without such Assistance the hall must have passed into, other hands, should assuredly not be.allotasd to suffer for their generosity* < They would not have incurred the risk' bad it seemed to them that there Was the Ufest danger that those in whose interests they acted would decline to share it'with them or fail to come to their assistance if their help were needed; Mr. Tuomey and his cortrustees relied upon, the good faith of all, whom it concerns that the hall should be preserved for the purposes for which it was erected, and "there should be no broken faith in dealing with the crisis now reached. The plain facts of the case are that the trustees aire responsible for the debt, and that if judgment be obtained againBt them, the hall will be at once sold as a means of partly recouping them from .their loss. There are more ways than one of satisfactorily meeting the case, but no time should be lost in determining the best course.to be pursued. -Irish-Australians have heretofore let it be seen that they will take upon themselves any burden imposed upon those acting for them, and this is a case "which urgently demands that they shonld promptly and generously act upon, that good rule. We therefore hope 'to soon hear, that some good and, influential friend has taken the initiative in, the matter. , AN incident of a pleas. THE HAND OF ing character—unhap- FELiiOWBHip. pily of Tare occurrence in . these' , dayp—is'^recorded in the Wexford People. 1 , It appears that a gentleman of the'landlord class, Captain Colclough, of., Tintern Abbey, Wexford, who is : favourably known for his generous dealings with his tenants, has met with a series of .reverses of fortune which threatened to deprive him of his estates. His tenants/having learned Of the trouble which was impending, immediately resolved to stand by their landlord and to ' present him with some substantial tbken of their sympathy and jgood- will. .Accordingly*,, the tenants and their friends in the surrounding; districts subscribed a handsome sum, which, (together with a highly eulogistic ^address, they presented to their landlord; Inthe address, which was a lengthy one, the following passage occurs 'Wheh the people of Tintern wanted friend they found in you a sincere, one, aijd when your enemies, goaded . tin by " no olher motives than hatred of . the people with whom you sympathised, sought to, do you injury, those you had; helped:stood firmly by your , side determined that if you were to be sacrificed they should have a word to say to the iniquitous iproceeding. We are glad to learn that our movement has not been in vain." In the course of his reply. Captain Colclough warmly thanked the tfenants for their spontaneous, generbsity, and went on to say:—"My heart is too lull to-night, my,friends, of gratitude:to the Catholic priests and people oi Wexford for the efforts they have made on behalf of my family and myself, to allow me to speak as I ought to-night in thanking you and them for the kind act. And why should it not be soP Looking beyond and above the monetary value, of'this present which you have just handed me, have I not reason to be proud, to-night P Was there ever in the history of this country such an example of the noble and high-spirited character of the people of Ireland and of the people of Wexford in particular P I do not belieive there ever has been such an example.-(Cheers.) Here am I difiering in religion from, you and your leaders, coming, as* I'do' from amongst a class which has'always been regarded as the bane and the curse of the people of Ireland—here am I, when in trouble, supported, through -thick and thin by the very people, who iniAhe natural course of events should wish me and every member Sof. my ;class 'for ever out of the counttry." . Itt is to be -regretted that incidents-of 'this kind, though by no means isolated, are of infrequent occurrence; but it series to Ultarote tfofccharwfcetistils jjfatoQ&j; and erajdtpde of the Irish people, and is another addid 1 to'the many' proofs we have had that where the tenants are treated* with justlee &lid; forbearance the areii^twantmgontheirparfc.ufocoftsion appreciation. i:'M«re/ : eii^liatipally { ^11 thif \\.ii<sidjfeh , t; illustrates' 'lihe igood relations VhicK exist between, Cathblic arid Protestant Irishmen whenthereis a faithful performance of dttty on jbach tide. 