1 ; ~ traveller. ' JTapcinesc fiiiperstitions* | Tha household nupnratitiona of Japan Bra very numerous. They cro harmless ; often', exciting laughter; yet ho cntrcnc^ed aro they in tho household tnr.ii rclrnon, argument, even ridiculo-caii noc destroy thiiii. tfonio of thcca Limcrutitionn havo a iiioir.i or educa tional purpose, inculcating lc'j-ron.'jof bL'ncvo- ' lenco, iicatncsa nnd h^biLu oi cfcunliQczu* A ? loom io nover uwepfi immediately after tho . ' departure of thoiniuato for fear of nv/ecpmg - * out tha lrok. At r. marnapo cercmony ?. neither tho bride nor tno groom \7car0 any clothing of a purple color lest their marriago i ba uoou dissolved, purple being a colo- most hablu to fade. Ii tho cup of mediono 10 tip- . ; ? not by acciucnt during the illnerm of a person . .j it is a euro oign of rceovorv. ' ^Thm looka aa .; if the Jjipabt. 2 hnd fai:h in; our proverb,: ' Throw phytiio to tho dogs.1' There aro' - como curious ideaa an re tard to tho finger - ?.-?r..-; naita They muat not ha cut beforo starting' . on a journey lea!; dn'graea fall unon tho per- ??-. eon at hit) destination. i*-eithrr uhoold they bo cut at night, lest cat'a claws nhould grow ? out. Children who throw tho paring of the nails into tho firo aro in danpor of como groafi ? jf ' calamity. .If a pieco naould Hy into tha . firo whilo outting tha person will coon ? : die. - - Tho howling of a dor? nortends doath. If a woman ctopj over an cgK-uhell sho will go mad; if over r, rii:or it will becomo dull; if ''?-.? over a v/hetntono it will Lrc-ak. If a mon should set his hair on fire he will go mad. '? ? Children aro told if thov t^Il a hn an om (imp) .will pull out thoir tongues. Tho v/holesomo terror of tho oni, fstnrding ready - to run away with hia tommo, haa caused- '? ; 0 many a Japanese youth to .opeaU tho truth. . Tho Japane-L'o havo a horror of tho dark neca ; they alwayo keep a h:tht turning to ward off ghosts,. The junkmen believo in ?? a ghont who coinc:; to them and politely aaka' -.'??? to borrow n dippjr, -rr.a annv.\\-;r decidea tha Iwtc of ^the- junkman.. Ii a dn-per with a - bottom io bestowed upon Cha rrbout, ho ueca it to bail water enough to awamp tho junk, but if tho bottom cr.n 00: knocked out aDd thrown at him ho disanneavs. ? In thia last ease the net must bo accompanird by an in- ? ermtation, or tha ghost turna into a sea cappa— a many-clawed monster— -who V71II dreg tho junk to the bottom. * ... . Tho Japancso aro a gentlo, sensitive race, very much under tho mflucnco of their emotions. Lovo with them is a conoaa matter, ofton ono ot Jifa or death. jDisap pointment ,in lovo or desertion frequently endo in suicide. Sometimes tbo girl becoruea - an avenger and implores tho goda to curBoor I visit with death tho destroyer of her peace. | Tho passions which thrill . and ? tc?ment tha - ! human coul --.aro aa intense in tar-away i Japan aa in thoso Ianda which boast a higher ' =;- - | civilisation. 