A IVIAD SPECTRE. By Phan Phantom. " Any ghosts, wraiths, Bpooks, spectres or other representatives of your defunct ancestors here abouts?" I asked the question of my friend, Augustus Dan forth, as we seated ourselves before a blazing fire in the stately library of the grand old gray stone pile which had recently come to him by inheritance, stnd which I now visited for the first time. "I can't Bpeak from personal knowledge," he laughed, " having had no experience with the gentry, but, tell it not in Gatu, publish it not m Askelon, or every servant would quit the place without an hour's notice-if tradition speaketh correctly, there are half a dozen, more or less, closeted about the house somewhere, though, as they are not disposed to disturb my nightly slumbers, I don't propose to bunt them out, and they are wel come to possess in peace." We had both seen, read, heard, and, best of all, thought much since we last met, and we thought of many things that night; of things seen and unseen; of the natural and the supernatural; of thu body terrestrial and the body celestial. We talked of j old friends and old times, and at ray request Dan- i forth gave me a brief account oE his ancestry, names, characters and eccentricities included. The night itself was conducive to good fellowship; all the four winds of heaven were rearing and rol licking in the wide-mouthed chimney, and capering in and out the gables and cornices, whistling through the keyholes and thrashing at the leafless oaks and giant elms in a regular high-daddy, witches' frolic that reminded one of '. Ingoldsby " in his gayesi mood. The full moon held high carnival amid the flying scud that occasionally obscured her brightness, ami now looked calmly down upon the animated scane. A large grey owl sat perched on a swaying branch and asked his monotonous question at every ap propriate interval. We stood looking out of the French window for a moment before separating for the night, Danforth remarking that a" storm was brewing, the moon being partially obscured by a watery haze and enveloped in a circular night-cap as if for protection. "You and the Bpooks will have it all to your selves ; this is the only room th&t; is occupied on this side the house," he said as he bade me good night on the landing. All right," I responded ; " if they cut up very rough I'll sing out, and you can come to the rescue.*' I was dog tired after my long journey, though I hadn't realised it until now, and gave but a hasty glance round the room, merely noting its size and comfort, before turning in, and in five minutes was in that mystical land where the mind wanders at will, untrammelled by the bo3y. I may hava slept an hour, peihsps longer, when I was aroused by, or became conscious of, a sound in the room resembling that made by a rapid plaver of the bones. For a time 1 struggled with the drowsinesu that possessed ms, but as the hound con tinued and increased 1 gradually woke up to the significance of it, and opened my eyes. As I did so the moon emerged from a cloud, and a long, bright stream of silvery light fell across the floor. Just in the very centre of the radiance I saw a sight that made ray heart thump like a trip-hammer for a minnte, until I reflected that no one had ever heard of a spectre doing any real damage to anyone, and determined to pluck up courage. My ghost was none of the ordinary kind, I would have you to understand, being no more or no less than a gibbering Bkeleion. In itself this"was quite enough to arouse a feeling of curiosity, if no sironger emotion, but add to it the fact that so far from standing upon its pedal extremeties, as any well conducted ghost would do, it was carefully balanced | on its hands, with its feet in the air, and the head elevated like a turtle, and wagging from side to side when I first perceived it, and furthermore that it Btarted off into a variety of contortions to which double somersaults and the hop, skip and jump aots were the mildest prelude, and you have a faint idea of an odd, not to say striking, perform | ance. . My tongue clove to the roof of my mouth for a few moments, and then I summoned the courage to ejaculate41 Helloa 5" in a decidedly weak voice. The spectre, o? skeleton, paused instantly in a pirouette upon the right hand inde^finger and faced me, head tilted upward, and grinning hor ribly. " Shan't do it," a weird voice returned. " I helloed once with a vengeance, though, but it had no effect except to wake the echoes and frighten the rats." " I beg pardon," I ventured. "I didn't think you could talk." "Why not? There's no law against it, I sup pose," he chattered. " Ob, no, of course not! But you see most people require a tongue for that sort of thing.1' " That's where I have the advantage of you. I j have a tongue, and it can wag as fast as another man's, too, only I haven't used it for so long that | it's a trifle rusty. I have eyes, and flesh, and blood, and nerve and muscle, only you are blind and can't see them." "You don't say ! Why, your bones look as dry as-as a haystack." "Well, so they are, but I still invest them, and shall until they crumble away as my other material part has; then I shall be all spirit, with a body of a different kind." j " Gracious 1 I don't mean to be disrespectful, I assure you-but-who are you, anyhow ?" "I might ask you the same question with a better grace, since I find you intruding unon'my privacy; but no matter; you're not1 to tiie manor born,' or j you wouldn't ask; everyone, with the slightest pre tensions to relationship has heard of the Mad Baron. I'm his spectre, and eveiy whit as mad now as I was when they dubbed me so, yet I am as sane as yourself j everyone is more or less mad, you know." " So they called you mad, eh ? What for ?" "Why, you see, my mother died when I was born, and what with missing her, and with inherit ing her weakly constitution, and one thing and an other, I was a puny youngster, and exercised my lirags to such good purpose that my nur3e spent the major part of her time in trotting and dandling me upon her capacious knee. Now this might have been all right for the ordinary young one, but you sea it was different with me ; I was feeble and my bones were hollow, so that my brains gradually settled down to the lowest point and lodged in my heels. Of course no one knew of this, or they might have hung me up by the heels and sat me to rights. I wasn't conscious of it myself until I came to an age where I began ro reason, and then I set to work to remedy the trouble. A man can't be strictly sensible with his braius upside down, so I began"tc- practice walking upon my head, or hands, rather; and as soon as I was inverted, and my brain iu its proper position, I was all right. Folks began to look at me askance at'ser that, though, and finally I was fastened up here and never allowed to go out." " The deuca ! I mean-that was pretty bard on you, especially as yoa were quite sane. I hope you don't mind my being here?' " Nut at all; I ratuer iike it, if you don't object to tnv little eccentricities. I mnsC have some exercise." .' Cl-uairly, but why choose tho night?" " i haven't any spite ttiraiust Hie present occu pant. and it would be s;ne to mafje trouble with oervF-nts and children, if there are any, if I were to appear in the daylight; besides, I always preferred this time. Many a time and oft I have gone tumbling into my younger brother's room--be was ' waiting for rtiy rind vra'tin-.; eagerly, too-in i the dead of night, and frightened him half to j i death. Although they shut me up I always con- ! tri7ed to tjet out, and gave them no end of trouble to the. very last, I was helped off, finally, yoa know." t " The deu-what do you moan ?'* i Why, helped to oil the mortal coil,'. .' You don't in^nn it ?" " Yes, I do ; it was stryciiiinp, the most diaboli cal pyiaon cv(;r invented. My brother slipped, as easily into my shoes as if they had been made to his measure, but something troubled him, and alter a long time he c^uie to the family va< one dark | night, and opening my narrow prison nmihe rifled it or my hones and took them home. Alter placing tiieui in the lartrcs closet over there be locked the door, and next day I overheard workmen cementing the cracks, and it has never been opened from that day to this ; in fast, the door-knob was removed, and is has always been considered as no more or less than a panel. But, blees 3'ou, they can't chain spirits, even chose parfcia'ly trammelled by the material, with bolts and bars. I stood by ray brother's bed or jabbered 011 the footboard every night of his sinful life, until 1 think he would have been glad "to die, except that lie was airaid of whai came after. Sometimes lie stretched out his hands and pleaded with me to go away and leave him in peace; and once he leaped out of: bed and implored mc to kill him and end it all. Bus I was not quite bad enough for that. I wont away then and he died soon after. I haven't sought to lind him since ; naturally he doesn't care to linger about the scene of his crime, and-on the whole-perbap3 he suffered enough-lielloa 1 what's that ? Daylight, as I'm a skeleton 1 Well, good-day!" And he vanished into thin air in the twinkling of an eye. " Ever taken a good look around the unoccupied side of the bouse ?" I inquired carelessly, the next day, ufter discussing a hearty breakfast with Dan forth. " No ; suppose we go over it together this morn ing," he suggested, as we rose from the table and lit our cigars. '' Agreed," I returned, and we strolled about for several hours, poking into all sorts of nooks and corners, and discovering a secret passage from one room to another in the most innocent looking panel in the world. " By the way," I said, " isn't it a little strange that in so large a room aa that I occupied last night there is no closet?" " Strange enough, I should think. Are you sure, though " Reasonably." I said it with a mental reservation. " Let us examine into it," quoth Danforth. Jle went to work, looking carefully all along the wall. After a moment he paused. '. By Jove ! Dick.'' he called out, "see here that's cement, sure's you're alive; I can pick it out with my knife; keep still, though, and we'll see what's inside in a brace of shakes." After two hours of hard work I stood back while Daufort'n pried opsn the door with a chisel. A tall skeleton fell clattering down upon the floor. The deuce !" cried Danfortb. " The mad spectre of the Mad Baron !" said I. 