The Shadows on the Wall. BY DILLON HUBBARD KEIiPTAN. While travelling from Burgo to St. Paul recently I became acquainted with a young man who had been farming in Dakota and was on his way to his old home iu New York. ?' les, ue said, as he lit a cigar ana toos \--he seat in front of mine, ' I have a ranch iut here in Dakota near Park River, but I have left it for ever.' '?The climate is unsatisfactory, perhaps?' I suggested. ' Ob, I can stand the climate, bul' — He hesitated and looked out cf the cai window at the prairie unrolling ibsfclf biA-r» aim as the train sped on. 'I can stand the climate.' be continue® ' but I can't stand — spectres!' I gave a start. What ! This g:»^at, stra, ping young fellow, seemingly in the fulj rapture and radiance of health, afraid o! ghosts ! Was he drunk ? Was he de mented ? Or was he simply acting a redicu lous role ? I looked at him a little suspiciously. He saw the look and laughed. ' Ob, I'm all right,' he remarked ; ' but maybe you would like to know why I spoke of spectres just now?' ' Yes.' *' Well, then, to begin : I went to Dakota in 18S5 — having been driven to the step by the fact that I had dropped the most of my little fortune in a Wall-street speculation. I bought a farm in the vicinity of Park river, not far from the Manitoba line. It's a great grain, country up there— produces colossal crops of No. 1 hard wheat when cyclones, droughts, frosts, hail storms, or prairie firei don't prevent. Listening ?' ' Yes —certainly.' ' There waB an old two-storey frame housi on the farm. It was in a very dilapidated condition, and I spent a good many dcllan in getting it made habitable. Finally, oni dreary October day I moved in, with tbi help of a hired man known as Jubilee Jack — a black fellow who had drifted down thai way from Winnipeg, and who had formerly been a slave in South Carolina. 'He arranged the furniture, built a roarim fife on the hearth, cooked my supper, and started to leave. ' 1 1 want your help right along, Jack,' 1 said, ' so you may as well remain. You can have the attic room, and' — ' ' Gosh amitey, boss I' exclaimed Jack, hit ebony facc taking on a look of terror., ' Gosh amitey 1 Wouldn't sleep in dis heah house fer nuffin in de worl'.* ''Why I' ' 1 Kase hit's got de' — and his voice fell to a low, creepy whisper — ' hit's got ds ha'nts.' ** *' Bosh 1 What put such a foolish idea as that in your head ?' 'Scuse me, boss, but hit am no foolish ness. De man what built dis house kim a stagg'rin' home one night and wua nebber seed er-gin. No, sah ' Nebber seed er-gin.' ' * Was he a bachelor V ' ' No, sah. He wus a marr'd man, an* his wife wus nebber seed er-gin a'ter that night.' Strangel' ' ' Yaas, boss, pow'ful strange. „5n' when de banker what bed de mortgsge on de place kim hyar for his money he foun' blood on de flo', sha, blood on de walls, blood onde byarth 1 Den a fambly fum Gyafton dey moved in, but dey moved out er-gin, quicker'n quick.' W4 Why?' ' ' Yo'll fln' ont why ef yo' stay heah twell mawnin'*' ' ' Fiddlesticks 1 Here, take your money and come back to-morrow.* He thanked me sombrely and. went his way. *' The dusk grew on. The clouJe trailed low Over the limitless eweep of treeless prairies, Ihe winds went whudderjng round and round the house. The lam beat a dismal tattoo on fhe panes. I partook of my supper, the& drawing my chair before the fire r^L until a late hour. The clock was 'on 'the stroke of twelve when I went to bed. The light of the fire made the room as light as though I had left my lamp still burning. I lay with my face turned towards the farther wall. Suddenly I saw the shadows of a man j and woman on its white, unbroken surface. J I rose sharply on my elbow and looked round | the apartment. It was empty— empty; but it in an occult way. I watched the phantom pair— watched them with a nameless fear and fascination. The man was tall, slender, straight as an Indian arrow. He were a som brero and a cloak, the corners of which were thrown back over his shoulders. His arms were folded tightly on his breast. His atti tude bespoke pride, scorn, ferocity. The woman wa3 kneeling at his feet, with bowed head and fingers locked. 'The man finally turned away with a haughty air. The woman rose to her feet reeled for a moment, and followed him— followed himswiftly with open, outstretched, hands. Her companion faced round suddenly, seized her by the throat, and planted a dagger in her heart. ' The flames leaped up, shone redly for one flying moment, and went out, leaving the scene in darkness. ' I sprang from my bed and lit tbe lamp. I I must have been dreaming,' I remarked to myself; but the strange, unearthly vision came again and : again, n ght after night — came when I was as wideawake as I am at the present moment— came when I was alone and when I had the companionship of friends. ' I am no spirit?. vt,~no believer iu the sup ernatural, but I aijd puzzled by the phenom enon.of which I speak. A phenomenon that has finally dri renj&e; f rom my ranch. Ishall never return to itP*' He turned his \5ace to the car window as he spoke, and Iobked dreamily out at the eternal beauty of the sod and sky, __ A young man having remarked that the light of certain fruit made his mouth water, an old toper who stood by ex claimed ? ' Well 1 if there's anything that'll make my mouth yjaler, 1 d m't want to see it f' ' What's an island ?' asked the teacher of a school, of the class in geography. 'The Island is where tfcey send Tim Failey's father when he gets drunk,' answered the head boy. A young Wife, who had married a physician and was much given to boasting of her husband's wonderful professional skill, said to a circle of friends one day : ' Why 1 he cured a patient of convalesces in less than twenty-four hours J:' Couldn't he Otherwise-—' look ? look 1 ?* said the prosecuting attorney in his spsech to the jury, ' at that man. He is the very epitome of a villain, a smooth face, a smooth tongue, a smooth manner, a — ' ' Of course,' interrupted the prisoner's counsel, ' the man couldn't be otherwise than smooth. He was ironed before he came into court.' Equal Sauce and Solid.— 'You see,' said an English gentleman, who was handling his dinner with a wonderful appetite, to a Scotchman dining at the same table. ' I take a great deal of butter to my fish.' ' Ay,' said the Scotchman. ' an: a deevilish deal o' fish to your butter, too ! ' 'What does p. d. q. mean, pa?' asked little Johnny, who is quick at picking up things he shouldn't* ' It means the way you will go upstairs to bed,' replied old Brown, ' if I hear another word out of you the whole evening.' He ('making a long call)—' What a very odd- looking clock, Miss Smith. Is it an heirloom ?' She (suppressing a yawn)—' Oh, no ; it is a recent purchase of papa's. He has a penchant for such things. I was about to call your attention to it.' A Wise Provision. — Two old men lamenting the changes that have taken place. First Old Max (sadly) — ' I cannot enjoy myself now as I could when I was a boy. I can't eat half as much.' Second Old Max — ' I cannot eat as much now as I could when I was a boy, but J. re gard that as rather a wise provision.' ' Why so ? ' ' Because I haven't as much to eat.'; 