A Domestio Tragedy. THE GHOST STILL WALKING. There still haunts London, and occa sionally comes to the top with other scum, a shabbily-dressed, pale- faced, cruel-eyed man, who, just twenty years ago, hadj centred upon the pillar of in famy to which he had clim'el the eyu of all English peoplle. From time to time (writes W. H. Lucy in the 8SM. fierald), since the h yday of his career, his name has come up in one or other of the Courts at which he once was permitted to practise. lie lhas long been struckofl the rolls, but maust live somehow, and certainly does, for hlie aplpeared the other day before the Judal-s with a complaint that two members of Parliament declined to present on his behalf a petition to the House of Commons. Although twenty years have elapsed, I remember as if it were yesterday the sc-ne in the dingy Police court on the Surrey side. I was trying my 'prentice hand in journalism, and had been deputed by the i'all Mall Gazettle to note an account of this case. The action w?as brought by this, even then, seedy solicitor, against an eminent lawyer, Chancellor of the Diocese of London, Vicar-General of Canterbury, and Advocate-General to Her Majesty the Queen. With this eminent person was coupled in the dlefence his wife, a still young and fascinating woman, we.l known in London society, a lady received at Court and in many of the lest houses. I remember how the story was unfolded by the dexterous hands of Mr. Poland, the prosecuting cunsel. It showed how, ten years earlier, imnmediately on the marriage of the eminent lawyer, a letter reached him making a demand for instant payment of £150 on pain of publication of certain alleged incidents in the bride's career. In a moment of weak ness the husband paid a sum of £50, for which be took a receipt in full for all de mands. But as soon as the £50 were spent the vampire came back for more. How much he 6nally got was never pub licly stated; but, listening to the evidence, it was not difficult to conj~re up a picture of domestic torture which exceeds any thing feigned by the fancy of the most fertile novelist. Here was Her Majesty's Advocate-General, Chancellor of the Diocese of London, Vicar-General of Canterbury, going about his business through the day, and in the evening hand ing his wife to her carriage, their depar ture for some bright social scene being watched by the seedy stranger ever lurk ing round the house, with outstretched hand and the ceaseless cry, "More more." In 1869 things seemed to reach a crisis. The lady's nam, appeared in the list of persons who had attended the Quleen's Drawing-room. Thereupon the Lord Great Chamberlain received a letter signed by the seedily-dressed man, in which he brought definite accusations against the lady before her marriage, alleging that she had lived an immoral life. The Lord Great Chamberlain inquired into the matter, and was easily satisfied that there was no foundation for the spiteful calumny. Thus rebuffed, the sleuth-bound lay low for a time, but he never left the track. A fresh demand for money being met by the harrassed husband with a deliberate "No," he went to Bow-street Police Court, and, on his coath, recorded what pur ported to be her private history, alleging that she was acommonstrumpet who had lain even in the arms of this nameless man, and was known to all the regular frequenters of the rowdiest Lon don casinos. This was more than could be met by silence, and after a while a criminal charge of libel was laid against the man, and he was placed in the dock of the Southwark Police Court. The lady having told her story, the man in the dock turned to cross-examine her. For two long days she bore the torture, being dragged through the mire by the ruthless hand of the quietly-mannered, seedy-looking, pale-faced man, who stared at her with basilisk eyes. All London rang with indignation at the spectacle. If the crowd at the back of the Police Court, and the still larger mob that waited outside, could have got hold of the creature they would have torn him limb from limb. I remember very well the close of the second day's crose-examination-the well dressed still girlish figure with the gentle innocent-looking face, tearful under the insults heaped upon her by the man in the dock, who called her strange ender ing names and spoke with terrible djs tinctness of scenes of shame he said sbe had shared with him. She had passed through the ordeal bravely, and, ;?it seemed, triumphantly. Her indignant denial of his story had been unshaken; He was at the end of his tether, but ha insisted on an adjournment, declaring his intention of putting a few more questions on the following morning. When the morning came the Magistrate was on the Bench as usual, the prisoner in the dock, the counsel in his place; the crowd filling the Court, and the multitude butside stretching across the roadway. Onlywone seat was vacant. Thatwhs the chidron which the hapless woman had sat thro'gh two cruel days, hidin'g behind the mask of her fair face torture such as few have suffered and lived through. After an anxious interval, Mr. Poland hastily withdrew, and, presently returning, an nounced in hushed voice that the lady had determined not again to appear in Court, had quitted her home, and fled from London. At this moment, over a space of twenty years, I can recall the gleam of malignant pleasure that flushed for a moment the pale face of the seedy man in the dock. Husband and wife on that day finally disappeared from the lofty and honoured station in which they had moved. But the seedy man, seedier than ever, still floats about in the back waters of London life, shamelessly coming to the front frolm time to time as in this action against members of Parliament, but ever verifying the forecast with whico the magistrate at the Southwark Police Court part.d with him. " Your conduct in this case," he said, amid savage cheer ing from the crowd in Court, " will cling to you as a reproach to the end of your days, and you will live an object of con tempt to all honest men." 