Cyprus, the Classic Isle of Beauty. \---+~- On Tuesday evening, the Rev. W. P. 3hlattlhew delivered a lecture in .the Presbyterian Church, ,lihldnr, on some of the more interesting and romantic inci lets in the checkered history of "Cyprus, the Classic Isle of Ileauty." One of the most stirrikg and pathetic of these was that in connection with the heroic but fruitless resistance offered to the Turkish arms by brave Bragadino. thd commandant of Famagosta. For thre manths hlie and Ihis dlevotet banl although a consilerable portion of the city walls hadl been un lermined and blown up. At last, driven by the horrors of famine to that extremity, he listene I to propostls for a parley from the Mos lem Seraskier. and fell a victim to the latter's treachery. For upwards of a ,c.k he wvas subjected to the most fright. ful tortures. and then Ilayed alive in the p'emence of the Scraskier, who gloate I over the horrid spectacle and tauntingly exclaimed,, " Where is note thy Chlrist! Let IIim save thee if Ife can." But the I sufferin_ hero clung nll the more tena ciously to the cross of the Nazirene, and, with the words of the Jli.'rrre on his lips, breathed out his soul into the hndtls of his Saviour. The skin was then stulfed with straw, an I the horrid efligr, place-] on the back of a cos, was parade I through the Moslem camp, amil tihe jieers lan curses of the brutal soldiery. 'Phi. done, the skin was forw?lrded to the Sulta: at Constantinop'ea-a hideous trophy of their national triumtph. Our present occupation of Cyprus, it was pointe I out, is the scandl time thlt island Iris passed on lee British rule, Richard, the Lion-hlart, having taken piss.ssion of it on his voyage to Pales tine. .i a s imvenir of the fact that the islanll haI thus once, although olly for a brief period, been ilunbered amona the Ulitish Is'es, the vignerons of Cyprus presente I, inl 1859, to Queen Victoria, t cask of their most noted wine--the Commanleria-)- f a vintage some three centuries oll. Little, doubtle,;, did the don irs dream that within the short sp ice of twenty years that connection would be so happily and auspiciously restored. The lecturer concludei with the hope that the present occupation of the island by Great Britain may assist in hastening the day when the prayer . Eirene Pari," -" Peace to all men "-to which he had often listened in the old Greek liturgy of St. Chrysostom, and which has for sa many ages b2eI wafted heaveulward fromn the Cypriant churches, shall becomne an anccouplished fact in the experience of The rev. gentleman purposes deliver ing another lecture, of a somewhat different character, on Tuestl ty eventin; next. entitled "A's eerie hour with spectres, ghosts and goblins." 