'items of interest. p One of the many uses to which paper is .iow put that of making gas pipes. Manilla paper is cub -in strips equalling in width the length of the pipe to be made. JL liese are passed tnrougu a vessel miea wiwi melted asplialte, and then wrapped firmly and uniformly round an iron core, until the required thickness is attained. The pipe is then subjected to powerful pressure, after which the outside is strewn over with sand and the wholo cooled in water. The core is then removed, and the outside of the pipe coated with a waterproof composition. These pipes are claimed to be perfectly gastighb, and are said to bo much cheaper than iron pipes. Some German scientists have recently fur nished information in regard to the ages of trees. They assign to the pine tree 500 to 700 years as the maximum, 425 years to the iilver fir, 275 years to the larch, 245 years to the red beech, 210 to tiie aspen, 200 to the birch, 170 to the ash, and 145 to the alder, and 130 to Iho elm. The heart of the oak begins to rot at about the age of about 300 years. ; The holly oak alone escapes this law, it is said, and there is in existence near Aschiiffenburg, in Germany, a tree of this kind:\\\'jiieh has attained the ago of 410 years. There is a church in the town of Bergen, Norway, that is built entirely of paper. It can seat 1,000 persons in comfort, and has been rendered waterproof by a solution of quicklime, curdled milk, and white of egg. Careful scientific investigations show that the average speed of the transmission of earthquake shocks is nearly 16,000 feet per second. The following warning to suicides is exhi bited in the province of Montenegro : — "All persons who take their lives are to be declared dishonourable. Their corpses are to be strung to gallows, in view of the public, for twenty -four hours. Suicide is uu worthy of a Montenegrin. God alone has power over a man's lite, which dare be sacrificed only on the battlefield, in defence of his country." The Chinese liave an elaborate system for the interpretation of dreams. To be whipped by a god or devil they regard as extremely unlucky, while lo enter a temple and see the gods moving about is considered lucky. To dream of fighting with wandering ghosts means that one will live to an old age. Salvation Army's expressive description of a week's work at Leeds Indescrib able times ; united consecration ; six souls. Victory ! " Seals, when basking, place one of their number on guard to give the alarm in case of danger. The signal is a quick clap of the flippers on a rock. Wild rabbits signal with their forcnaws, and have regular signals -and calls. An artesian well was some years ago sunk on the beach at San Buenaventura, Cali fornia, live feet from high-water mark. At a depth of about one hundred and forty- three feet a strong flow of -water was obtained, spouting thirty feet above the ground. Some fish were observed in the waste water, and au examination of the well revealed the fact that it was filled with young trout. They were perfectly developed, eyes and all, and measured about two inches in length. Thousands of blicm were thrown out by each jet. The temperature of the well water is about sixty-four degrees Fahrenheit. It is believed that the fish may have come from the head- waters of the Santa Clara River by some subterranean outlet ; that stream itself ia- several miles distant from bhwwell. - In Turkey, twenty years ago, men were hanged for trifles ; tradesmen who sold short- weight might be nailed by the ear to their own doorposts ; and petty thieves, as well as men who were impertinent to officials or who refused to pay their taxes twice over, were bastinadoed on the soles of the feet. This last punishment, by the way, was light or cruel, according as the patient was accus tomed to go barefoot or to spend his life in barouches. The water-carriers, porters, street fruit- sellers, and peasants generally, whose soles were like a horn, cared little for twenty-five cuts with a bamboo ; but to tradesmen, clerks, and women the stripes were excruciatingly painful, and brought weeks of lameness. The present Sultan has abolished the bastinado in the European part of his dominions, and practically done away with capital punishment;, except for brigand age and for attempts at assassinating high officials. While Indian tea decreased in public use by about 3, 000,0001b. in 1891, the consump tion of Ceylon tea has increased by no less than l(j. 700, 0001b., or 48 per cent. In England and Wales S,979 miles of rail way out of 9.044 miles of double lines are worked on the block system. In Scotland practically the whole of the mileage is worked on that system. In France last year there were killed 404 wolves, of which 194 were full-grown animals and 253 cubs. The amount paid for their destruction was £1,313, at the rate of £4 for a full-prown animal and £1 12s. for a cub. A parasol, intended as a present for the Sultan of Morocco, has a stick which is over 3J yards long, and is gilded and richly orna mented. The outside of the parasol is of bright, green silk, with a heavy gold fringe round it, while the inside is lined with pale straw colour. There is a curious snake (Hydraci yeti) in South Africa that lives wholly upon birds' eggs. It has no teeth or signs of teeth in the mouth, the whole dental array being located in the stomach. Woman asserts that one of the many "lady litigants" at the Law Courts was formerly a waitress at a late eoffee-liouse, where she devoted her nights to serving cups of coffee and her days to serving writs. The silver wedding of Grieg, the composer, was celebrated recently at his home near Bergen, Norway. After dinner Grieg played his famous " Wedding Procession," and Mrs. Grieg sang some of her husband's songs. In Russia blaca is never used for covering coffins, the cloth being a pink shade when the deceased is a child or young persou, a crimson colour for women, and brown for widows. The American President, whose salary has been the subject of many comparisons, receives it in monthly instalments. On the 26th day of every month the Treasurer of the United States sends to the White House a cheque for 4,166 dollars. M. Jules Leljcndy, the great Paris sugar refiner, lias left what is perhaps the largest individual fortune ever made in France. His wealth is estimated at 360,000,000 francs £14,400,000). How much of that enormous sum was extracted from the French tax payer in the form of sugar bounties it would be difficult to say. Signor Carlo Rota, the well-known Italian patriot, has died at San Pier d'Arena, near Genoa. Signor Rota took a prominent part in the unsuccessful expedition against Sapri, in Calabria, which was organised in 1857 by Raron Nicoteraand Count Pisaccane in the .ope of overthrowing the Bourboii Govern- nent established at Naples. Baron Nicolera, lie Minister of the Interior in the last Guvt. i anient, was present at the patriot's bedside. I Some ingenious contrivances are i&ed; -l j thieves. The latest looks like an ordinary walking-stick, bub is so arranged that, by 1 pressing % spring at the handle, the ferrule will spread apart and form a sort of spring dip that will take hold of anything that- is within reach. The thing is called " the Continental lifting stick," and is used Lo take goods from behind counters when the shop man's back is turned. As most people are aware, the barometer exhibits daily variations. In the tropics these are so regular that the hour of the day may be ascertained from the height of the i mercury without an error of more than fifteen or seventeen minutes on the average. In Great Britain there are two maxima, occurring from 9 to 11 a.m. and from 9 to 11 p.m., the two minima being timed from j 3 to 5 a.m. arid from 3 to 5 p.m. Bub, after examining a series of observations in the Polar regions, Dr. Buchan finds that in the extreme north and south there are only one maximum and one minimum during the day. These data refer to the sea. But in the interior of the Polar continents there are also a single maximum and minimum, though these occur at different times. of the day from the ocean maximum and minimum. Superposition of the two sets of variations gives a variation like that ordinarily observed. A poor Quebec blacksmith declares he has discovered the " long-lost art of hardening copper." A Glacier that Moves 47Fef.ta Year. — A glacier has been found in Southern California, of which there lias been a tradi tion for many years. The Los Angeles Herald sent an expedition to investigate, and the tradition was verified, for upon the upper levels of Grayback Mountain, the greatest of the San Bernardino range, a glacier one mile long and on the average 200 feet in deptli was found. The icy mass, according to computations made, moves downward at the rale of 47 feet a year. The British Museum possesses a cup of almost fabulous value. It is of gold and enamel, is adorned with subjects from the life of St. Agnes, and cost £S,000. The cup derives most of its interest and value from the fact that it was given to Charles VI. of France in 1391, by liis ' uncle, Jean, Duke of Berri. The cup passed afterwards into the possession of the Kings of England, from Henry VI. to James II., who gave it, in 1605, to Don Juan Selasco, Constable of Castile. All hopes of ' recovering Mr. Vaiiderbilt's yacht., which, it will be recollecled, was recently sunk, are being given up. The yacht- is sinking deeper every day in the shifting sands upon which she lies. The new dining-room which the Queen lias had built at Osborne cost £20,000. This sum does not como from the nation but out of Iler Majesty's privy purse. Prince Alexander of Teck is following in the footsteps of bis elder brothers, Princes Adolphus and Francis, and qualifying to enter the British Army. The princes are l-hres of the cheeriest young fellows one could possibly wish to meet, being line, manly, and true types of Englishmen. One of the most curious stones in the world is found in Finland, where it occuts in many places. It is a natural barometer, and actually foretells probable changes in the weather. It' is called sfemakiur,- and turns black shortly before an approaching rain, while in fine weather it is mottled with spots of white. It is said bha't gas-light M as first exhibited as a curiosity at the Boylston Museum, Bos: ton, in JS15. In '1915 there were 180 lamps in the town, and in 1880 it had 10,139 gas and 2,276 oil lamps. Electric lighting is now taking the place of gas in many locali ties in the city. Boston is now lighted by 1,447 electric lights', 8,907 gas, and 2,878 of other descriptions. Brigandage is cruelly carried out in the Turkish province of Epirus. A Christian family had been carried off, and, nob being able to raise the £500 (Turkish) demanded as their ransom, the family have been massacred. There is in St. Mark's a celebrated tazza of black glass, enamelled in various colours and gold. No one quite knows its age. It is said to be more than eight hundred years old ; and it is assumed that this very piece of glass was taken by the Limoges makers as their model for decoration. From a strict inquiry into the history of art we may learn that the figure painters are hardly ever able to attempt landscape painting, and that, with one or two excep tions, the great landscape painters have always been able' to paint figures extremely well. — Speaker. Scientists have estimated that every year a layer equal to fourteen feet of the entire surface of all oceans and other Maters is taken up M'itli the atmosphere in the shape of vapour, to fall as rain and again flou- back into the sea. The Empress of Austria is the owner of the handsomest black pearls that exist. She used formerly to exhibit then in her hair on all State occasions. Queen Victoria has a necklace of pink pearls, uTJch are con sidered the most beautiful of their kind. Baroness Gustave de Rothschild's collar of pearls, m-orn by her at the opera, is valued at £40,000. The most beautiful pearl is generally supposed to be the one u'hich the French traveller, M. Tovernier, three centuries ago sold to the Shah of Persia, and which is still in the possession of the rulers of Persia. The price M'as 3,375,000fr. Another Eastern potentate possesses a pearl of 1,274 carats ; ibis quite transparent, and is valued at l,000,000fr. A fine Oriental pearl is the one in the possession of the Princess Inssupoff, and v.'hich is famous for its unique colour. In the year 1620 this pearl was sold by Georgibtts from Calais to Philip IV. of Spain for 80,000 ducats : its value is now considered l,125,000fr. Pope Lso XIII. has a pearl ndiich is valued at 500.000fr. and the Empress Frederick's collier of thirty-tM'o pearls is valued at 875,000rY. The Value of Tea.— The Vice-President of the Paris Society of Pharmacy, M. Barker, has given the members the result of some recent analyses of tea. He considers it established that the commercial value of black tea is directly proportioned to the amount of theine 'it contains ; but in the case of green tea, he says the commercial value must be estimated by the quantity of of tannin. One would have thought that, from the point of view of the connoisseur of tea, those samples udiicli contain the least- proportion of tannin would be preferred.— English Mechanic. The Duke of Portland, havingadded 20,000 acres to his shooting preserves, has now 125 square miles of land reservedfor sport. There is this difference, at least, bebu-een a politician and a statesman. "A states man" is the Parliamentary candidate m1io gets to the head of the poll and has the proud honour of shaking hands u'ith " Mr. Speaker." " A politician " is his defeated opponent. A man m'ho hires another at 20s. a Meek to do m'ork which brings in ohly 21s. a week is a philanthropist. Bub if he hires 2,000 men at the same rate he has an income of £80 a ueeic and becomes " a tyrannical monopolist." This is the differentiation betMeen labour and capital. An engine-driver say> bat men in his business can always jc-: -t the condition of their engines by lb- it gives out m'liile running. Every engine, whether stationary or locomotive, has a particular et4a«£.b?comei accustomed to that, and any departure from it at once excites a suspicion that all As not right. The engineer may not know what is the matter, he may have no ear for music, but the change in tone of his machine will be instantly perceptible, and will start him on au immediate investigation. Much of the fancifully-cut paper used by confectioners in this country is made at a a prison near Berlin. The largest artificial stone in the world forms the base of the Bartholdi Statue of Liberty on Bedloe's Island, New York Harbour. This immense stone was made from broken trap rock, sand, and American cement. Five hundred car-loads of sand and over 20,000 barrels of cement were used in manufacturing the monster. Amongst the members of the present) House of Commons are 55 merchants, 57 manufacturers, 18 brewers and distillers, 10 medical met, and 53 Army andNaval officers. Those who can be rightly termed land owners number about SO. A Cincinnati man is reported tb have eaten over 530 lemons in two months to cure rheumatism. He is now in a precarious con dition. Quite a craze — and a very interesting one — has comeover the French gardeners. They have suddenly begun to bend all their energies to the creation of new flowers and. the acclimatisation of such as have never- before been cultivated in France. Among the latter is a flower from Central America (as vet unamed in France) which changes its colour three times a day. It ig; white in the morning, gets pink at noon, , and turns a lovely blue udieri the sun is setting. 