[?] LONDON TAttER TAX.1C [From our Special Correspondent} i London. February 5. 1892. \- Though 'Dewdrop,' the spirit adviser of Mr. W. T. Stead's private and particular medium, Mr. Davies, has been cruel enough to predict (vide ' More Ghost Stories ') that Mr. . Gladstone is 'playedaoufc,' and that 'it is by no means certain the Liberals will be returned to power ;at the [general election,' cheerful confidence nrevails at the Reform and National liberal Clubs., H,how©ver^ you probe Eadical feelings a bit a, startling fact leaks out. The average honest provincial Liberal has sickened. of the Irish question. Whilst the Parnellites were.a power-in the land, and there seemed reasonable prospect,, with the Liberals returned, to office, of pushing Home Bale through in: a session or so, they cried 'go ahead.' Now the obvious impossibility oE doing this, and the apparent endlessness of the question, appalsand dismays them. 'Shall we ever get rid of 'this incubus, this impediment to Scotch and Tlngliflh legislation, which we consider at least as-' pressing as Home Rule,' they groan. It would not greatly surprise many Conservatives if Lord Salisbury dis solvBd-at.Ea££er, thoughpublic opinion favora a later period, probably September. The overwhelming majority x-i the compara tively unknown Gladstonmn Liberal over the local territorial, neagnate, who was also the late TrmrnhBrfannminnn, n-ft TfrnH*«nrla,fa, came, as a stunning surprise to all shades of politicians. The Unionist-CfowMcfe accepts 'the disaster frankly and- sorrowfully- as a knockiown blow/' adding grimly -that -Mr. Gladstone is 'probably die only living politician whose genius would Jbe equal-to the task of explaining it away.' The Times tries to depreciate the magnitude of the triumph, but the fact that this Radical nobody absolutely polled 6,066 votes or six more than even the all powerful Lord Hartington--did in 1885 cannot be got over anyhow. The Daily Ncxos is frenzied with enthusiasm, and rescinds the Unionists again and again that by mutual' consent the election was fought on the Home Rule iflBue. The Conservatives ex pected to return Sir Thomas Brooks by a com fortable majority of perhaps 200, the most the Gladstonians dared to hope was that they might just squeeze Mr. Maden in. The figures G.— Mr. J. H. Maden ... ... 6.0SC U.— Sir Thomas Brooks ... 4,841 : Majority ? 1,225 From- this it would seem, clear that though the Rossendale ;men re- elected Lord Hartimrton when he resigned in 1886^n leaving Mr. Glad stone their, political .convictions remained, un changed. The electors simply didn't feel in clined* to turn his lordship off because upon the Irish question ? he couldn't .agree with the Grand Old Man. If he had become a Tory they might bave:dt-ne£o, -but I doubt whether in 1886 or even now,' much; talk as there is, Rossendale-eleotors cared much about the,Irish , question. Inmates ©f'the St. Stephen's Club, which is exactly opposite the Houses of Parliament, on the nighl of November 14 hist were horrified to hear ?'?Big- Ben' go wrong. First of aU, the treat olock-chuneds the three«quarters and the hour at .the same Jame,^nd then deliberately struck 13*' 'BigrBenV'strildnR. wrongly por tends,- acoording-to-thepopular legend, trouble to theRoyal.fainily, and ^Prince George being ill at that time tile St. Stephen's men-looked grave and perhaps a little scared. Apart -from. legends to near a great timekfeeper like 'this go wrong at midnight ia. apt to give a nervous man the Wues. Bat Prince George grew better and the club men. laughed at each other's silly superstition till' the night of January 14. Then a veteran Q.C., laying down his paper in the smoking-room, re marked, 'Do any of you recall what hap pened on this -very date two months ago. No ? Well, I will remind you, Big Ben struck— 13.' Even as the old man spoke the passing bell of St. Margaret's could be heard tolling, dismally. Those who do not know the importance royalties attach to questions of precedence will be amazed to learn that the fact of the Duke of Fife, as*on-in-lawof the Prince of Wales, taking precedence at Prinoe Edward's funeral of the Dukes of Edinburgh and Connaught has raised a storm of 'cackle' on the Con tinent. The German Royal family affect to see in it a recognition of the, to them, terrible fact that only three lives (none of them very good) intervene between the consort of this indifferently pedigreed Scotch noble and- the English throne. A curious character died last week. This was the venerable 'Daddy' Wertheimer, grandsire of Isidor, Lady Clancarty'a cham pion, and founder of the great Bond-street firm of picture and bnc-a-brao dealers. ' Daddy' was a Polish. Jew, and originally, so the legend runs, begged his way to England, arriving bareheadea, barefooted, and with empty pockets and stomach. He bad neither trade nor education, but he possessed bis race's eye for value and capacity for bargaining. 'Daddy' started at the East-End making imitation brass work, and in a short time became known as the man who could reproduce certain sorts of rare old- curios so perfectly that even experts often mistook them for the real thing. This peculiar trade brought Wertheimer money. He gradually dropped dealing solely in bastard curios and went in for buying, and selling genuine bric-a-brac How the old fellow acquired his wonderful knowledge no one knows, but the man or woman who could best him at a bargain neverexisted. Attired like a seedy bag man, SoL Wertheimer driftedhitherandthither, apparently aimlessly, but always with some good deal in his watchful eye. Though the old Jew would never spend sixpence on himself, his family and belongings cost him thousands. For the scapegrace Isidor 'Daddy' had what he called 'a melancholio veakness.' More than once did he pull 'the poy' out of the mire, and small ttiMflm did be get for his generosity. Occasionally the old fellow allowed hitnmif the relaxation . of an evening at some theatre, going, it is needless to say, with an order. One night Isidor was ' swellingit'. atthe Trocadero with Lord Dunlo and some other smart Pelicans, whenhebeoame painfully conscious of. the advent of a frowsy old Hebrew in a greasy skull cap, rag-bag clothes, and steel spectacles. It was his grand Bire^-and making straigWffor their party. . A malicious smile played on the old man's lips. He evidently meant to 'give him: away' (Master Mdor).to the whole JEouse. Not a bit misery for a moment or two Wertheimer quietly moved off, and. presently disappeared into the buffet. The Hawk retells a well known [story which Ieidor Wertheimer was fond of narrating against himsrif. To propitiate Old SoL, and also- render him more presentable out walking, the grandson three winters ago bought him a hun dred guinea fur coat. 'Daddy' shook his head over- the extravagance till informed tbe coat had been picked up a bargain for £10, when he was much pleased and expressed the opinion that there was something in- the. boy: after all. Airing himBelf in Bond-street that afternoon ' Daddy' met another-old Jewy who, astounded at his friend's anagnifioenoe, started feeling and pricing the coat. 'You gif hun dred guineas for that ooatr. ''No I did'ht!' said the old man, proud of .his grandson's- bar gain. ' Well -it's worth that new,' 'retorted his friend. The pair fell to bargaining in the streetttnd in the end ''Daddy' returned Tiome minus the coat, but plus £60. ' Isidor, my poy,' said he, 'there's £20 for you. I fioM the coat you gave me for £60, and' there's the profit, to enoourageyou to tokeatn interest - in business and always beep your eye--pen for a bargain.' Isidor took the £20 with i-a groan; for he was quite enough of a Jew to1 squirm over the catastrophe, butie never -enlightened 'Daddy.' Said he—'Tne old man would have had a fit on the spot.4' Whilst the Queen and Royal Family incline towards resuscitating an old title for Prince George, Lord Salisbury and popular feeling favor an entirely new creation. 'Duke of Australia' has been suggested by an influential colonist who was taken with the idea, and wrote to Sir Henry Ponsonby about it. Lord Salisbury proposes ' Duke ot London ;' Prinoe George himself would like to be 'Duke of Lancaster ;' whilst her Majesty's mind reverts to 'Duke of Kent.' The shareholders of the Automatic Sweet meat Delivery Company are bewailing a sad falling off in the reeeipta of the machines for the past week, and the decrease is 'all along of' the influenza. A rival concern, which in vites. you to put a penny in the slot -and- have a small quantity of scent squirted on your handkerchief, is doing roaring trade, and for the same reason. Tbe explanation iB simple. The Automatic Smell Company have taken advantage of the widely-propagated notion that eucalyptus oil. is a certain specific against .: the fiend, and for a penny you can have your handkerchief impregnated with, a contempo rary says, 'an odor as of rancid hair oil which nothing but the incineration of the rag will ever get rid of.' The same authority says— ' Judging from our own experieaoe- ever since ?an enthusiastic believer in eucalyptus was allowed to open a bottle of it in our ioffioe, we should have imagined that any sensible man would. have preferred influenza, to that acrid odor, but the amount of automatic business done in it at* penny a time negatives this idea. Thearamber of pennies for the receptive slot being^imited the-eonsumption of sweets is going, down, and, that of eucalyptus is going np.' Bufeiihe.direetors of the Smell Company ehould beware. It; is not possible for the .average,.hurnan being: to travel in- a same conupaotmentfor* lone distance with fchehnad kerchief saturated' with euoalyptna, and when the railwayBind' thejttraflicsif ailing oH;they will-certsiidy-bave. something to say about the ? 'presence- of ''these- infernal maohiiaes in their stations.' Sir Charles Dilke has found an advocate in Mr. Harold Frederic, wfco 'slangs* Mr. Wi T. Stead in tbs New York Times with sgi_ -exoess of superlatives. and an exuberance of : wild charges whioh, sad to say* defeat their own end. The 'good man' of Norfolk: House is not the least disturbed by the outbreak. He reprints it all in the Bevieio of Reviews, adding a brief footnote to the effect that even if Mr. Stead . were, as alleged, the devil incarnate, it would be no argument for whitewashing Sir C. Dilke and returning him to the House of Commons. Mr. Frederic was asked the other day to write a reply to Mr. Stead's article in the Welsh Review on Dilke's candidature. He assented. 'What about terms?' asked the editor. ' I will take the same as Stead,' said the American correspon dent with dignity. ' That will suit us admir ably,' chuckled Mr. Bowen Rowlands, 'Stead wanted nothing for his copy and ordered 200 copies of the magazine to distribute in the Forest of Dean. Thanks so much ; good morning.' Mr. Frederic was left swearing. Mrs. Humphrey Ward's 'History of David Grieve' bears no more affinity to ''Robert Elsmere' than it does to 'Miss Bretherton.' The book indeed whioh it most resembles is 'John Halifax, Gentleman,' only to be frank David Grieve is worth, a dozen of Miss Muloch's respectable but bourgeois hero. Mrs. Ward tells the story of a brother and sister, children of a capable energetic north country tradesman and a vain, shrewd, pleasure-loving, and more than half-vicious French beauty. After six years of unhappy married life, during which Mrs. Grieve all but ruins her husband, she deserts him and. her children for a lover, ultimately committing suicide. Sandy Grieve dies of a broken heart, but first commends his children solemnly to the care of his farmer brother Reuben. The later, a timorous, superstitious, but wellmean ing man, under the thumb -of a hard miserly wife pledges himself to be good to the children. He reckons, however, . without their Aunt Hannah. Davy, tending sheep on the breezy moors of the Mid-England farm, and absorbed in books which the local clergyman and a mad dominie lend him, is not unhappy. The plain, often scanty food troubles the boy little ; but between self-willed, impish, and passionate Louie, and iron-hearted Aunt Hannah, there is continuous war. Davy sagely opines they both actually like an occasional storm.; it forms some excitement. At 14 Davy runs away from home -and begins life on his own account as a bookseller's assistant in Man chester. He works early and late learning the secondhand book trade, lives on 6d. a day as a vegetarian, attends classes, and saves money, and is consumed with ambition. At 19 young Grieve has saved enough to start a secondhand stall of his own. The account of the lad's initial straggles and pleasures, in fact the whole of this 'youth' section will be found intensely interesting. David Grieve astonishes and de lights everybody. His energy, his thirst for knowledge, his self-restraint, and his selfre liance are boundless. Religious beliefs he has none, but he does right — for right's sake — at no matter what cost to tiims«if- Consequently when business begins to prosper David sends for bis sister Louie to live with him. The girl has grown up picturesquely handsome, but re mains passionate, self-willed as ever, a demon . of discord and vanity. She manages to do some mischief in the heart-breaking line before the great crisis of David Grieve's life arrives, and brother and sister go on a fortnight's visit to Paris. ' Storm and Stress' relates how David Grieve whilst . in Paris - falls passionately in love with a little Bohemian artist, Elise Delaunay. The girl is wrapt up in her art, and really cares for nothing else, but David is superbly handsome, and the very strength and heat of the lava-like passion she has roused overpowers her feelings and saps what little morale she possesses. David whirls Elise away to Fontainbleau flaming with erotic adoration. For a few days- the illegitimate honeymoon of the pair at the little hotel in -the forest proves unalloyed bliss. Then Elise grows captious uncertain, unhappy. She cares more for her mistress art than for 50 Davids. Whilst thinking this Taranne, the great man in whose studio Elise was, chances on the little Bohemian alone. He only laments her falling away. Art will brook no rivals and well— the Delaunay might have been great. This is more than enough. Hardly troubling to break the blow tbe girl flies from her lover, refusing to see him again. The suddenness and horror of the desertion nearly kill David. He returns to Paris to find Louie has taken advantage of his. neglect to become the mistress of a rascally sculptor named Mountjoie. Grieve strips himself of every penny he possesses to induce the wretch to marry the unhappy girL After a terrible illness, Davy, nursed by a devoted friend, comes slowly back to himself and begins work afresh in Manchester. The Paris catastrophe for a time threatens to destroy the nobility of his character, but his natural virility and friendly influences triumph. ' Maturity' is - perhaps the most important and interesting portion of all of this great book. It describes David's married life, and forms a novel of itself. To go into detail would spoil the reader's pleasure. The modification, of David's religious beliefs through various causes. and. influences is exceedingly ably described. One can follow and recognise the truth of the phases. Besides David and Louie there, are many other interesting characters developed in the course of the story- which will please the average reader far more than 'Robert Elsmere.'' It is satisfactory to find all the leading reviewers confirm the judgment I dared to form on 'David Grieve,' 'It has,' says Andrew Lang, 'more movement, more passion, more dramatic interest than Mrs. Ward's first effort.' The Times likens the chapters dealing: with 'Childhood' to 'Wuthering Heights,16 and pronounces this the most impressive part of the story. I confess I rather, agree with Mr. Scott, of the Manchester QvarcUan, who says of ' David Grieve,' ' Its obvious defects are the lengthiness of its first volume,, its debateable ground is that swept by the * Storm and Stress' of the central portion, its crowning beauty is the tranquil strength and solemn calm of the close.' Sir John Lubbook's new book on that oldest of old subjects 'The Beauties of Nature,' will contain chapters on animals,* plants, woods, fields, mountains, rivers, the sea, and the heavens. 'It will look at nature,' says, the Bookman, 'mainly from the point of view of beauty, but as might be expected, science is not excluded altogether.' Macmillans publish the work. The original oE Stevenson's 'Bottle Imp' will be found in one of the handy little volumes of 'Weird Tales' published by Walter Scott two or threeyears ago. There are six volumes altogether, English, Scotch, Irish, American, German, and Italian. The collections have been judiciously made and translated, and the clear print and small size of the books renders them admirably suited for carrying about in the pocket for perusal in chance moments. 'The Bottle Imp' is from an old German legend. In the way of cheap fiction the West-End booksellers appear agreed that during this last month 'Some Emotions and a Moral,' ' John Sherman and Dhoya/' and: the new edition of 'A Daughter of- Heth' sold best. Kegan Paul's new modern science series of handbooks, edited by Lubbock, which commenced with Ball's 'Ice Age,' caught on, and Rosebery's ''Pitt' is still being eagerly bought. Q.'s 'Blue Pavilions' did not equal the expecta tions of the trade, many, of whom have more copies on hand than they care about ; and the reprint of Lang's 'Letters to Dead Authors' (at 2s. 6d. nett) hangs fire also. Canon Denger's 'Tennyson for the Young7' (both in the 3s. 6d. and Is. form) has had and is having an enormous sale: Theonlyars: shilling novel in any request is Anstey's 'Talking Horse.?' ' At Mudie's Mrs. Ward's 'David Grieve' occurs in almost every list sent in. Next in order of demand come A.KH.R's 'Twenty- five Years of St. Andrews,' Mrs. Peard's 'The Baroness,' and Hardy's 'Jess of d'Ur beville's.' The Duke of Clarence's death \- caused a brief reneweddemand for the ' ' Cruise -of the Bacchante,' but this great heavy book- is so trite and dull no one does more than glance at it. Mention of poor Prince Eddie reminds me that the gihiMpniyi' study of H.R.H. in the New Review is by Canon Dalton. Of all people this rev. gentleman ought to be able to tell us something fresh and interesting concerning the Prince, but he seems frightened of trench ing on unbroken ground, and merely repeats, garnished with a few trite reflections, facts and circumstances already well within the public oognisanee. Sir Charles Dilke and Mr. Spencer Wilkin son, author of 'Citizen Soldiers,' have just completed a volume on 'Imperial Defence,' which is sure to attract a lot of attention. Their main purpose has been to define what they regard as the narrowest limits of ? our practical needs for efficient defence in the event of British interests being attacked. Mr. Rudyard Kipling's outrS ballad, ' Tom linson,'whiehappBaredin*hei?o*i()naf©6s«-wr of t January 28, was at first refused by Mr. Henley as too Btrong-even for his independent and free-Breaking organ. It describes the post mortem experiences of an invertebrate -person named Tonuinson, who has on earth bees absolutely without individuality, a pale reflex of virtues and vices of others. When St. Peter requests him to qualify, for heaven by naming his good deeds, he cannot do so, but 'O loaves friead on earth,' quoth he, 'that waa my priest and guide, :And well be would answer for me if he were by mr Bide.' But this won't do, St. Peter says :— Though we called your blend from his bed this night he could not speak for you, For the race is run by one and one and never by two and two. Ultimately' Tomlinson has to descend to Hades. Hers, however, he's in worse plight, for he can't satisfy the Devil with a rail-bodied appetising sin : — The wind that blows between the worldB, it made him I shudder and grin, i And he groped himself like a thin? distraught for the I snappiest shred of «n. I Finally the Devil sends Tomlinson back to , earth:— ! Go .back 4» earth with a lip unsealed, go baok with. *?-? :«aflpen«ye, And oarrymy word to the Sqbs 01 Men or eV3( '/a \--_: ccBJctotfie— That tho Bin they do by twoand two they moat pay for one by one; And . . . the Qod ye took from a printed book ba with you, Tomlinson. Very few new books were in anjr case an nounced for the spring publishing season, and now there will be fewer still. All authors who can afford to do so are sure to hold over their works to the autumn. You would naturally suppose people bought more books when they were in mourning, as so many families are now. But the shops say such is not the case. Grief -stricken folks apparently don'b buy any thing. If they're well off they go— abroad. The Aiyti-Jacdbin dies unlamented, save by a very limited coterie. The truth is Mr. Greenwood has for some time ceased, to be the excellent editor he once was. In the early days of the St. James's he cultivated rising talent, in fact looked out for it. J. M. Barrie was of course his most remarkable find, and . Henley and nearly all the other men now attached to the National Observer at one time or another wrote for him. Lack of good fortune has latterly turned Greenwood into a sour cynic, and im paired his critical faculty.. He surreys the colossal popular success achieved by stead with withering contempt and wonder. The world 'must indeed be rotten and men mad. that such things can- be, the able editor says to himself. He consequently preaches the gospel of pessimism, and pessimism is deadly dull — It killed the Anli Jacobin. From a literary point of view ' The Cabinet Minister,' just added to the new edition of Pinero's plays, won't compare with ' The Profligate' or 'The Times.' It reads so much more farcical than one can remember its playing at the Court that I feel sure Mrs. Wood must have toned down many of the scenes, especially those in act 4, a good bit. 'Forgiveness,' though a much better play than 'Lord Anerley, and one that in some years would have run six months, has not canght on at the St. James's, and its career there will end to-morrow. The weak feature of the new Savoy opera, 'The 'Vicar of Bray,' is the music, and the strong point a wonderful pas de cinq danced in the second act, and thrice encored nightly. The libretto without being brilliant would suffice if the lyrics were neater. Its story is simple. The Rev. Mr. Barlow, vicar of Bray, is an easy-going parson, alternately High or Low as his worldly interests dictate. He has an amorous eye for Mrs. Merton, a rich widow and the mother of his old pupil Tommy, now a rollicking young squire. Tommy loves the parson's daughter, but she, alas, squanders her roung heart on Harry Sandford, a priggish Low Church curate, who lectures the vicar in rolling sentences, and is a terrible thorn in that go- as-you-please personage's side. To spite and shock Sandford the vicar turns very High Church, and likewise flirts outrageously with Nelly Bly, a ballet dancer, who accompanied by attendant sylphs incontinently arrives on the scene. Sandford, horrified, as Barlow an ticipated, breaks off his engagement, and the act ends with the curate's departure to become a missionary. In act two Miss Barlow is jusb about to wed Tommy Merton, but still hankers after poor Harry, who has been cooked and eaten by Objibbeway3. The vicar is in a nice mess, being sued for breach of ' promise by both Mrs. Merton and Nelly Bly. Things are getting very sultry for the old fellow, when his ex-curate, transformed into a 'rollicking rip,' reappears and promises to set matters straight. This Harry does by claiming his old sweet heart from Tommy and bestowing the young squire's virgin heart on Nelly Bly. The vicar is then free to recapture Mrs. Merton and everyone is pleased but the comic solicitor, Bolton Kowe, a part interpolated for Y. H. Denny. 'The Vicar of Bray' could not pos sibly be better played. The title role fits lutland Barrington like a glove, and Rosina 3randam makes an admirable Mrs. Merton. ?he part of Nelly Bly, destined for Jessie Bond, is well acted by a Miss Duggan, and Courtise Pounds sings sweetly as the priggish curate. Mr. Thomas Thome, whose luck this last twelvemonth or more at the Vaudeville has been of . the most crushing description, is about to retire from management. Messrs. Gatti have purchased the remainder of his lease, and announce that they are open to sublet the house to an eligible tenant. The Vaudeville was opened in April, 1870, by Montague, James, & Thome. Montague re tired at the end of the successful run of ' Two Roses,' and David James in 1881. Thome purchased his goodwill for £4,500. After the phenomenal success of ' Our Boys' the Vaude ville did extraordinarily well with old English comedies, 'TheSehool forScandal,'' Rivals,' 'Road to Ruin,' and 'Money' enjoying long runs there. Latterly Mr. Buchanan's adaptations of 'Tom Jones' and 'Clarissa' were moderately successful, but after the building of Terry's Theatre the wonderful luck of the vaudeville seemed to cross the road: I have not seen the Haymarket 'Hamlet' yet, but as the critics are of one mind that it is most interesting I suppose I shall have to go. Mr. Tree's fresh readings are numerous, tbe most sensible being the obvious 'eveiry dog shall have his bap,' instead of 'every dog shall have his day.' Despite Mr. Henry Arthur Jones's glowing announcements concerning ' crowded houses ' and 'better business than ' The Middleman,' ' 'The Crusaders,' is off at the Avenue. In the face of an unlucky first night and the semi-disapproval of the entire press the piece has lasted out 60 wrformanues, half of them to good business. Whether Mr. Jones will make muoh out of the run, I doubt. His salary list was too large. If he has paid expenses he shoold, all things considered, be satisfied. 'The Grey Mare,' by Messrs. Sims and Cecil Raleigh, was produced at the Comedy with every symptom of success. The hero, enacted by Coarlie Hawtrey, is a Dr. John Maxwell, a scrupulously truthful man, who in order to convince 'the grey mare' (Mrs. M.) that Jying is prepos terously and absurdly easy deliberately determines to tell one 'thumper.' Needless to say, this solitary indiscretion leads the poor man into an imbroglio of the approved sort, in whichLottie Venne, Mr. Brookfield, and others slightly vary old roles. One has seen scores such pieces. Charles Arnold is doing fair business at the Strand Theatre with ' Hans the Boatman,' in which Alice Atherton as Jeffie and a small child named May TTftnimn render fri'1 yeoman's assistance. The piece has been considerably tinkered since it went round the Australias and the songs changed, nob always with advan tage, but the baby and the big dog remain, and Arnold himself, if scarcely so slim and spon taneously light-hearted as of yore, is still the most sympathetic artist of the Emmet school on the stage. Mr. D'Oyly Carte cannot bring himself even now to believe in the failure of 'The Basoche,' and talks of reviving it in the summer unless a pending scheme for turning the splendid new house in Cambridge Circus into a rival of the Empire and Alhambra goes through. The burlesque of ' Cinder -Elian' at the Gaiety has been freely cut and compressed into two acts, with the result that it now seems likely to work up into a genuine success. Mr. Soutar and other old employes at this theatre were muoh concerned to read of poor Tom Squire's death in Melbourne. It was hoped the sea voyage might do him good, but scarcely expected. He had allowed the disease to go too far without taking remedial measures. The death is announced at the ripe old age of 20 of the famous thoroughbred Doncaster, sire of Bend Or and many other good winners. Donoaster was the hero of the sensational Derby of 1873. A very small field went to the post that year, the race being considered a certainty for either Mr. Sarnie's Kaiser or Mr. Crawford's Gang Forward. Mr. Merry's Donoaster was a rank outsider at 40 to X, only a select few being aware that the son of Stock well was nearly the same animal as the Oaks favorite (and ultimate winner), Marie Stuart. Fred Webb rode and won easily by a length and a half, the favorites running a dead heat for second place. In [the Lesrer Kaiser again started favorite, but both Marie Stuart and Doncaster beat him, the latter succumbing ! to the Oaks victress by half a length. In 1874, f when Boiard beat the grandest field which | ever contested the Gold Cup at Ascot, Don- '; caster ran third, Gang Forward, Kaiser, and j Marie Stuart being behind him, whilst t Flageolet was second. Doncaster won the ? Goodwood Cup of '74, and next year with odds on him beat good fields in both Ascot Cup and ? Alexandra Plate. Mr. Merry then sold him \ to Robert Peck for £10,000, the latter passing ) him on to the Duke of Westminster foe £14,000. This was in 1875. Nine years later, when Bend Or was making a name at the stud, bis grace let the Hungarians have the old horse for £5,000. Since then Doncaster has lived at ease at Kosher. The duke was thought daft j when he gave £14^000 for Stockwell's son, but Bend Or and the latter's son Ormonde repaid him that sum many times over over. A cruel murder has been oommitted in \- Vienna in broad daylight. A jeweller in a north- western suburb was found in his shop motionless on his chair, with his face, head, and chest covered .with 01000'. He recovered sufficiently to say very confusedly that a customer, who seemed to be an Italian, bad asked for watchchains and rings, and that when he turned round to reach the latter he was struck heavily on the back of tbe head, so that he swooned. The murderer carried og nine gold watchchains and 100 gold rings in a case. The jeweller was t&fcen; home, but died. Within 24 hours after, the murder the thief attempted to sell in ine open street some rings which formed p&rb; of his booty. One was bought for a gulden in the Nessdorf er Straase by a coaebinan, to whom the vendor repre sented ttiat he was pressed for money. The coacbcitui has given the police a minute de scription of the seller, and the ring has been identified by the jeweller's widow. 