THE END OP THE STRIKE. The news contained in the telegram from Broken-hill which wo publish this morning will he received with gratification throughout tho colonics. The great strike, which has so long kept thousands of moil out of their ordinary employment, resulted in a heavy los3 to tho mineowncrs and seriously disorganised trade in many chan nels, i3 officially declared to be at an end. Practically it has been so for many weeks past. As soon as the mine directors determined to again open the mines and recommence working it became perfectly evident that all the labor they needed would be gradually obtained from outside sources of supply if the loc:d men refused to accept t.ho terms proposed. The only real hope the strikers had Irom that time ut keeping the mines I idle lay in the system ot picketing, roer- | cioo aud intimidation winch lias come lo i he regarded as the elnei weapon ol the ; new unionism, 'the linn manner in which the present (juveninuait administered the laws, and the sentences recently passed on several ol the strike leaders, broke that ' , weapon, it was made plain to the strikers | , that while t lie v were at liberty to refuse I i working upon terms or under conditions j oi which they disapproved they would not j be allowed to interfere with others who might wish to do what they declined doing. The present depressed industrial and commercial condition of the colonics had brought into existence in all the principal centres of population n large number of unemployed persons who were only too glad of an opportunity of employment which might be permanent. Day after day, therefore, there ha3 been a steady influx of labor from Victoria and other colonics to Broken- liill. Some of the mines had already satisfied their labor requirements, and there was every prospect that before many more weeks hud passed all would have been enabled to do so. H the miners had persisted much longer in the suicidal course upon which tlicy entered so hastily over four mouths since flic consequences to themselves and their families would have been deplorable in the extreme. Competent men, perhaps under long engagements to mineowncrs or contractors, would have, taken their places, and a distress more concentrated and terrible than anything we have yet experienced would have followed. As it is a considerable percentage of the strikers will find themselves without work, unless now developments of silver- mining, which can hardly lie expected for some time at least, take place. 'Hie speech of Sir. IIowKr.L, the manager of the Proprietary mine, which wc report elsewhere, gives a very cheerful forecast of the future of silver-mining in the Barrier district. But in the immediate future there is little hope that all even of the most capable men who left their work under the influence of sudden passionate excitement can find openings. Alto gether considerable privation, extending over months to come, will be experienced by many of tho strikers and their families, unless the support which lias been so liberally accorded to them during the strike is continued for awhile. There are many hundreds of new men now at work on the field, most of whom, if not com petent when they first began their duties there, have become so by this tiincqThcse men will be competitors with all others on the field for what employment there is. The result of the strike has been to open the gates of the mines to non- unionist laborers, against whom they were barred by union rules before it was entered upon. It will be remembered that in the manifesto issued by the Barrier Ranges Mining Companies' Association on June 10 last, setting forth the decision arrived i at by the mineowncrs, it was proposed that the unions should receive the same recognition as before under the new con ditions which were then proposed. The exact wording of tho clause hearing on this matter was as follows : — " The mining companies desire it to he clearly under stood that thev have no wish to interfere with the unions or to alter the existing scale of daily wages, and they hqpc the suggestion now made will be favorably re ceived by the unions." The consequence of the ill-judged action of the mineis in striking with the declared purpose of bringing heavy loss, and possibly absolute ruin, upon some of the mineowncrs has bccu that the latter have resolved not to know unionism in the future. Summed up, the fruits of the strike are the over throw in the Barrier district of the Amalgamated Miners' Association. That body, it is said, will continue its existence and seek to increase its numbers with a view to future action. But since the employers will take 110 notice of its decisions, settiug union and non-union men to work together as may he required according to their merits, it will ho an uusubstantial affair. It will ho as the ghost of a trades-union which has committed felo-de-se haunting the place of its former power. Of course it is utterly impossible to measure in figures the loss tho strikers have sustained in a more material sense since they began their blind crusade against capital. The loss of unionist prestige, which could easily have been avoided, is after all but a sentimental matter. The loss of pounds, shillings and pence is of another- quality, involving as it does misery to many who know nothing of unionism hut tlic periodical pinch of strikes. Estimates of the loss in actual wages suffered by the strikers have fixed the amount at £15,000 per week for the 5000 men. This means a loss in their share of production from the mines during tho 18 weeks of idleness of £270, 000. This loss may really be re garded as having been partly diffused over the colonies, since it lias been to a large extent made good to the strikers by con tributions drawn from the organised workers of the whole of them. But in spite of the splendid spirit of camaraderie with which unionists everywhere continued to give of their savings to what they have long known was a mere tiring of blank cartridges t he strikers must have sustained losses which will affect thonr for years to come. With them in this respect, and less fortunate as regards any help from outside, stand the majority of local tradesmen. No one gathered a national subscription for them and it is quite understandable that their ciioice must have lain between putting their shutters up and doing business on precarious credit. Of the wasteful expen" ditlire incurred through this lamentable affair, the public loss and the depression indirectly resulting, it is not possible to form any adequato conception. Sta tistics show how the traffic receipts of South Australia have fallen oil', aud statistics that will make very unpleasant reading may some day show what the protection of life and property at Broken- hill within tho last four months has cost our taxpayers. If the lesson of it all is properly understood by wage-earners the fearful cost of the teaching, both to tho unionists and the country, may he com pensated for. This strike has surely preached a sermon on the folly of rasU decisions and headstrong adkcrcnco to them such as ought to carry conviction to tho most fervid advocates of the method of attacking capital hitherto employed, and indueo calm consideration and moderate action in industrial crises of the future. 