AMUSEMENTS. BIJOU THEATRE. - THE LANDSLIP. A political squib of the Christmas pantomime order was produced at the Bijou Theatre last evening. The skit, which is conceived in the broadest farcical spirit, deals with a phase of the land boom and the pastimes of Sir Richard Holdscrip, of Boomacre Hall, Toorak. In the play bills the authorship of this crude trifle is placed to the credit of a Mr. Harold M. McKenzie, of Melbourne, who has taken up the story of the "land boom" at the point when all the tall financial edifices reared on the boom came down with a crash. In the first of the three scenes into which the skit is divided Sir Richard makes his bow as a frenzied bankrupt in the serious dilemma of about to entertain at dinner one of England's wealthiest poets and at the same time keeping the bailiffs out of the house. The noble peer is madly enamored of Sir Richard's only daughter, who, however, loves her father's groom. The bailiffs enter, and with the assistance of the member of the British aristocracy are ejected through the window by the butler. After this bit of horse play the noble peer proposes for the hand of Sir Richard's only daughter, and moreover offers to assist the embarrassed father-in-law elect with a cheque to cover his liabilities of many millions; but before these matters are settled the daughter elopes with the groom, and the enraged peer withholds his proffered aid, but pursues the happy couple to Collingwood, where they are married by one Kinsman, and thence to the sequestered vale of Heidel berg, where the two male lovers meet about midnight with murder in their hearts; but, of course, no such sensation takes place, the noble peer recognising in the happy husband a long lost brother, who in early youth left the parental mansion in happy Eng land to see life in Australia, and find his level as secretary of the Trades Hall. The brothers and bride hasten hack to the shipwrecked Sir Richard, who is having a bad time, for, while slumbering on a couch, he, like the infamous Richard III., sees a line of ghosts, comprising widows, orphans, enraged depositors and share holders, who torture his conscience and accuse him of having encompassed their ruin. Sir Richard at last shakes off this horrible nightmare, and con gratulates himself that his prospective appoint ment as Agent-General is, as a dernier ressort, still within his grasp, when the noble peer, his long lost brother and the blushing bride return midst the clanging of marriage bells. The dis tracted father-in-law is helped out of his finan cial difficulties by a fat cheque, and the curtain falls upon the party executing a crazy dance, Ta-ra-ra-boom-de-cay. But for the happpy make up of Mr. Brough as a noted bank director, and the spirited manner in which Mr. Ward, Mr. Boucicault, Mr. Chichester, Miss Romer and Miss Temple acted, the skit named would have been a sorry affair, as its humour is coarse and the dialogue in general positively inane. The piece, which is limited to a single performance, was succeeded by the farcical comedy Confusion. There was a large audience. * * * At the Alexandra Theatre on Friday evening The Quality of Mercy, an Australian drama, by an Australian author, will be produced for the first time, on the occasion of Mr. Alfred Booth- man's beueflt. 