TALES AND SKETCHES, [KOW FIRST I'DBLISHEU. IK THE DATS OF THE MUTINY. A MILITARY NOVEL. BY G. A. HENTY. Author of " The Curse of Game's Hold," " A Hidden Foe," ita [ALL BIGHTS RESERVED.] CHAITER XIII. Thc Doctor had just sat down to dinner when Bathurst came iu ; the two subalterns were diuiug with him. " That'B good, Bathurst," the Doctor said as he entered. " Boy, put a chair for Mr. Bathurst. I had beguu to think that you had deserted mc as well as everybody else." " I was not thinkiug of dining," Bathurst said os he sat down, " but I will do so with Kleasurc, though 1 told my man 1 should be ack iu half au hour," und us tho servant left tho room he added, " I have much to Bay, Doctor, get through diuner as quick as you eau and get the servants out of thc tent." Thc conversation was at once turned by the Doctor upon shooliug and hunting, and no allusion was made to passing events uutil coffee was pul on thc table and thc servant retired. Thc talk which had been lively during dinner then ceased. "Well, Bathurst," the Doctor asked, "I suppose you have something serious to tell me. "Very Berious, Doctor," and he repeated thc news he had given tho Major. "It could liol bc worse, Bathurst," the Doctor said quietly, after thc first shock of the news had passed. " You know I never lied any faith in the Sepoys since I saw how this madness was spreading from Btation to station. This sore of thing is contagious. It becomes a sort of epidemic, and in spite of the assurances of the mon I felt sure they would go. But this scoundrel of Bithoor turniug against us is more than I bargained for. There is no disguising the fact that it means a general rising through O ade, aud in that caso God help the women and children. As for ns, it all comes in the line of business. What does the Mujor say !" " The only question that seemed to him to bc open was whether the women und children could be cot a wa v." " But liiere does not seem any possible place for them to go to. One or two might travel down the country in disguise, but that is out of tho question for a large party. There is no refuge nearer than Allahabad. With every man's hand against them I sec not the slightest chance of» party making their way down." "You or I might do it easily enough, Doctor, but for women it seems to me out of the question ; still, that ¡B a matter for each married man to decide for himself. Thc prospect is dark enough anyway, but, as before, it seems to mc that everything really depends upon the Zemindars. It' we hold thc court-house it is possible the Sepoys may lie beaten off in their first attack, and, in their impatience to join the mutineers, who are all apparently marching for Delhi, they may go oil without throwing away their lives by attacking us, for I don't think they would bc able to take thc placo without cannon. But if the Zemindars join them with cannon wc may defend ourselves till thc last but there can be but one end to it." The Doctor nodded. "That is thc situation exactly, Bathurst." " I am glad we know the danger, and shall be able to face it openly," Wilson said. " For the last month Richards aud I have been keeping watch alternately, and it has been beastly funkcy work sitting there with one's pistols ou thc table before one, listening, and knowing every moment there might be a yell and these brown devils come pouring in. Now, at least, wc arc likely to have a fight for it, and to know that some of them will go down before we do." Richards cordially agreed with Iiis com- panion. " Well, now, whatare the orders, Bathurst !" said the Doctor. " There are no orders as yet. Doctor. Thc Major soys will you go round to tho others, Doolan, Rintoul, and Forster, and tell them ? I am to go round to Hunter and the other civilians. Then, this evening we are to meet at niue o'clock, as usual, at the Major's. If the others decide that the only plan is for all to stop here and fight it out there will be no occasion for anything like a council ; it will only have to be arranged at what time we all move into thc fort and the best means for keeping thc news from spreading to thc Sepoys. Kot that it will make much differ- ence after they have once fairly turned in. If there is one thing a Hindoo hates more than another it is getting from under his blankets when he has once got himself warm nt night. Even if they heard at one or two o'clock in the morning that wo were moving into thc fort I don't think they would turn out until morning." " No, I am Bure they would not," the Doctor agreed. " If there were a few moro of us," Richards said, " I should vote for our beginning it. If we were to fall suddenly upon them, we might kill a lot and scare the rest oh*." " We arc too few for that," the Doctor said. " Besides, although Bathurst answers for thc Í¡ood faith of the seudcr of the warning, there las as yet been no act of mutiny that would justify our taking such a step as that. It would come to tho same thing. Wc might kill n good many, but in the long rim three hundred men would bc more than a match for a dozen, and then thc women would be et their mercy. Well, we had better be moving, or we shall not have time to go round to the bungalows before thc people set out for thc Major's." It was a painful mission that Bathurst had to perform, for he had to tell those lie called upon that almost certain death was at hand, but the news was everywhere received calmly. Thc strain had of late been so great that the news that tile crisis was ut hand was almost welcome. He did not Btay long anywhere, but after setting an alternativo before them left husband and wife to discusB whether to try to make down to Allahabad, or to take refuge in the fort. Soon after nine o'clock all were at Major Hannay's. There were pale faces among them, but no stranger would have supposed that thu whole party had just received news which was virtually a death warrant. Thc ladies talked together as usual, while thc men moved in and out of thc room, sometimes talking with the Major, sometimes sitting down for a few minutos in thc verandah out* Bide, or talking there in low tones together. The Major moved about among them, and soon learned that all had resolved to stay and meet whatever came together, preferring that to thc hardships and unknown dangers of Hight. "lom glad you have all dccidcil BO," he Baid, quietly. " lu tiic state thc country is the chances of getting to Allahabad are next to nothing. Hero we may hold out till Lawrence restores order ut Lucknow, and then he may bc able to send a party to brina us in. Or thu mutineers may draw off ana march to Delhi. I certainly think thc chances arc best herc ; besides, every rifle wc have is of importance, and though if any of you had made up your minds to try and escape I should havo made no objuction, I am glud that we BIIHII all Btaud together herc." Tlic arrangements were then briefly mude for thc removal to thc court-house. All were to go back mid appircntly to retire to bed as usual. At twelve o'clock thc men, armed, were to call up their Hcrvunts, load them up with such things us were most required, and proceed with them, the women and children, at once lo the courthouse. Half tile men were to remain theru on gund while thc others would continue with Hie servants to make journeys backwards and for- wards to the bungalows, bringing iu as much as could bc carried, the guard to be changed every hour. In thc morning tho servants were »ll to have (he choice given them of re- maining with their masters or leaving. Captain Forster was tho only dissentient. He was in favour of the whole party mount- ing, placing tho women and children in carriages, and making their way in a, body, fighting their way if necessary down to Allahabad. He admitted that, in addition to tho hundred troopers of his own squadron, they might bo cut oft" by tho mutinous cavalry from Cuwnporc, fall in with bodies of rebels or bo attacked by villagers, but he maintained that there was at least some chauce of cutting their way through, while once shut up in tho court-house escape would bo well nigh impossible. " Hut you all along agreed to our holding thc cuurt-housc, Forster," the Major said. " Yes, but then I reckoned upou Cavil pore holding out with thc assistance of Nana Sahib, and upon thc couutry remaining quiet. Now the whole thing is changed. I am quite ready to tight in the open, and to take my chance of being killed there, but I protest against being shut up like a rat in a hole." To the rest, however, the proposal appeared desperate. There would bc no withstanding a single charge of the well trained troopers, especially as it would be necessary to guaní thc vehicles. Had it not been for that, the small body of men might possibly have cut their way through thc cavalry ; but even then they would bc so hotly pursued that thc most of them would assuredly be hunted down. Hut encumbered by thc women such an enterprise seemed utterly hopeless, and thc whole of the others were unanimously against it. The party broke up very carly, The strain of maintaining their ordinary demeanour was too great to be long endured, and the ladies with children were anxious to return as soon as possible to them lest at the lust moment thc Sepoys should have made some change in their arrangements. Hy ten o'clock the whole party had left. Thc two subalterns had no preparations to make, they hod already sent most of their things in to the hospital, and lighting their pipes they satdown and talked quietly till mid- night, then placing their pistols in their belts and wrapping themselves in their cloaks they went into the Doctor's tent, which was next to theirs. Tbc Doctor at once roused In's servant who was sleeping in a sheltered tent pitched by thesideofhis. Themancamciiilookiucsurpriscd at being called. " Ruslnm," the Doctor Haid, " you have been with me ten years uud I believe you to be faithful." "I would lay down my life for the Sahib," thc man said, quietly. " You have heard nothing of any trouble with the Sepoys ?" "No, Sahib, they know that Roshun is faithful to his muster." " Wc have news that they ure going to rise in the morning uud kill all Europeans, so we ure going to move at once into the hospitals." " Good, Sahib ; what will you take with you ?" " My books and papers have all gone in," the Doctor said, " that portmanteu may as well go. I will carry thoso two rifles myself, the ammunition is all there except that bag in thc corner, which I will sling round my shoulder." " What are iu those two cases, Doctor ?" Wilson asked. " Brandy, lad." " We may as well carry ono of those n-picce, Doctor, if your boy takes thc portmanteau. It would be a pity to leave good liquor to bc wasted by those brutes." "Iagree with you, Wilson; besides, the less liquor they get hold of thc better for us. Now, if you are all ready we will start, but wc inuBt move quietly or the sentry at the quarter guard may hear us." Ten minutes later they reached thc hospital, being thc lost of thc party lo arrive there. " Now, Major," the Doctor said, cheerily, as soon as he entered, "as this place is supposed to be under my special charge I will take command for the present. Wilson and Richards will act os my lieutenants. We have nothing to dj outside, and can devote ourselves to getting things a little straight herc. The first thing to do is to light lamps in all the lower rooms ; then we eau sec what wc are doing, and thc ladies will bc able to give us their help, whilo thc men go out with the servants to bring things in, and remember thc first thing to do is to bring in thc horses. They may be useful to us. There is a good store of forage piled in thc corner of the yard, but the syces had best bring in as much more as they can carry. Now, ladies, if you will all bring your bundles inside the house wc will set about arranging things, and at any rate get thc children into bcd us quickly as possible." As it had been already settled as to the rooms to be occupied, thc ladies and their ayahs Bet to work ut once, glad to have some- thing to employ them. One of thc rooms which had been fitted up with beds had been devoted to the purposes of a nursery, und thc children, most of whom were still asleep, were soon settled there. Two other rooms had been fitted up for the use of the ladies, while thc men were to occupy two others, the court- room being turned into a general meeting und d tiling-room. At first there was not much to do, but as the servants, closely watched by their masters, went backwards and forwards bring- ing in goods of ull kinds, there WUB plenty of employment in carrying thom down to a large underground room, where they were loft to be sorted later on. The Doctor had appointed Isobel Hannay and thc two Miss Runters to the work of lighting a fire, and getting boiling water ready, and a plentiful supply of colfee wus presontly made, Wilsou and Richards draw- ing thc water, carrying thc heavier loads downstairs, and making themselves generally useful. Captain Forster had not come in. He had undertaken to remain in his tent in the lines, where he had quietly saddled and unpickctcd his horse, tying it up to tho tent ropes so that lie could mount in nn instant. He still be- lieved that his own men would stand linn, und declared ho would at their head charge the mutinous Infantry, while if they joined thc mutineers he would ride into tuc Fort. It was also arranged that he Bhould bring in word should the Sepoys obtain news of what was going on aud rise before morning. All felt better and more cheerful after having taken Borne coffee. "It is difficult to believe, Miss Hammy," Richards said, "that this ¡sall real and not a sort of picnic or an carly Blurt on a hunting expedition." " It is, indeed, Mr. Richards. I can hardly believe even now that it is all true, and have pinched myself two or three times to make sure that I am awake." "If the villains venture to attack us," Wilson said, " I feel sure wc shall lieut them ofT handsomely." " I have no doubt we shall, Mr. Wilson, especially us it will bc in daylight. You know yon and Mr. Richards ave not famous for night shooting." Thc young men both laughed. " Wc shall never hour thc last of that tiger story, Miss Hannay. I can tell you it is no jolie shooting when you have been sitting cramped up on a tree for about six hours. Wc aro really both pretty good shots. Of course I don't mean like thc Doctor, but wc always make good scores with the targets. Come, Richards, herc is another lol of things ; if they go on at this rate tho Sepoys won't lind much to loot in tho bungalows to- morrow." dust os daylight was breaking thc servants were all culled together ami given tho choice of staying or leaving. Only some eight or ton, all of whom belonged to thc neighbour- hood, chose to po off to their villages. The rest declared tiley would stay with their masters. Two of the party by turns had been on watch all night on the terrace to listen for any sound of tumult in thc lines, hut all had gone on quietly. Bathurst had been working with thc others all night, and after seeing that all his papers were carried to the court-finuse, he had troubled but little about his own belong ings, but hod assisted the ethers in bringing in their goods. At daylight tho Major and his officers mounted and rode quietly down towards the parade ground. Bathurst and Mr. Hunter, with several of the servants, took their places at the gates in readiness to open and close them quickly, while thc Doctor and tho other Europeans went up to the roof, whore they loaded and placed in readiness six guns each, from the store in tho court-house. Isobel Hammy and thc wives of the two Captains were too anxious to remain'below, and went up to tho roof also. Tho Doctor took his place by them, examining the lines with a fiold glass. Tho officers halted when they reached the parade ground, aud sat on their horses in a group, waiting for thc men to turn out as usnal. "There goes tho assembly," tho Doctor said, us the notes of thc bugle carno to their ears. " They oven aro turning out of their tents. There, I can make out Forster, bc has just mounted, a plucky fellow that." Instead of straggling out on tn thc parade ground as usual, the Sepoys seemed to hang about their tents. Thc cavalry mounted and formed up in their lines. Suddenly a gun was fired, and as if at the signal thc whole of the Infantry rushed torw.ard towards thc officers, yelling and tiring; und tho latter at once turned their horses and rode towards the court-house. " Don't bc alarmed, my dear," thc Doctor said to Isobel. " I don't suppose anyone is hit. Thc Sepoys are not shots at the best of times, anil liriug running they would not be able lo hit a hay-stick at a hundred ynrds. Tim Cavalry stand firm you soc," he said, turning his gloss in that direction. " Forster is haranguing them. There, three of the native olHccrs arc riding up to him. Ah ! Ont: has fired at him ! Missed ! Ah ! That is a better shot," as thc mun fell from his horse, from a shot from his captain's pistol. J he other two rubied at lum. One he cut down, and the other shot. Then he could he seen again, shouting and waving his sword to the men, hut their yells could bc heard as they rode forward al bim. " Ride, man, ride," the Doctor shouted, although his voice could not havo been heard at a quurter of the distance. Hut instead of turning Forster rode right at them. There was a confused rnelre for a moment, and then his figure appeared beyond the line, through which he had broken. With yells of fury tho troopers rciucd in their horses, and tried to tu n them, but before they could do so thc officer was upon them again. His revolver cracked in IIIB left hand, mid his sivord flashed iu his right. Two or three horses and men were seen to roll over, and in a moment lie was through them again and riding at full speed for the court-house, under a scattered fire from tho Infantry, while the horsemen, now in a confused mass, galloped behind him. 11 Now then," the Doctor shouted, picking up his rifle ; "let them know we ure within range, but mind you don't hit Forster. Fire two or three shots, and then ruu down to thc gate. He is well mounted and has a good fifty yards' start of them. Then takiug deliberate aim be (ired. Thc others followed his example. Three of thc troopers dropped from their horses. Three times those on the terrace fired, and then rau down, each, at the Doctor's order, taking two guns with him. One of these was placed in the hands of each of thc officers who had just ridden in, and they then gathered round thc gate. In two minutes Forster rode in at full speed, then fifteen muskets flashed out and several of the pursuers fell from thoir horses. A minute later the gate was closed and barred, and the men all ran up to thc roof from which their muskets were fired simultaneously. " Well, done," the Doctor exclaimed. " That is a good beginning. " A minute later a brisk fire was opened from thc terrace upon thc Cavalry, who at once turned and rode rapidly back to their lines. Captain Forster had not come scatliless through thc fray, his check had been laid open by u sabre cut and a musket ball had gouc through thc fleshy part of his arm as he rode back. "This comes of fighting when there is no occasion," thc Doctor growled, when he dressed his wouuds. " Herc you arc charging a host like a paladin of old, forgetful that we waut every man who eau lift au arin in defence of this place." "I think, Doctor, there is soMeone else wants your services moro than I do." " Yes ! is any one else hit !" " No, I don't know that anyone else is hit Doctor, but as I turned to come into the house after the gates were shut, there was that fellow Bathurst leaning against the wall as white AS a sheet and shaking all over like a leaf. I should say a strong dose of Dutch courago would be the best medicine there. " " You do not do justice to Bathurst, Captain Forster," the Doctor said, gravely. " He is a man I esteem most highly. In some respeots he is the bravest mau I know, but he is con- stitutionally unable to stand noise, and thc sound of a gun is torture to him. It is an un- fortunate idiosyncracy for which he is in no way accountable." " Exceedingly unfortunate, I should say," Forster said, with a dry laugh. " Especially at times like this. It is rather unlucky for him that fighting is generally accompanied by noise. If Iliad such au idiosyncracy, os you call it, I would blowout my brains." "Perhaps Bathurst would do so, too, Captain Forster, if he had not more brains to blow out than some people have." " That is sharp, Doctor," Forster laughed, goDd-tcmperedly. " I don't mind a fair hit." " Well, I must go," tho Doctor Baid, some- what mollified ; " there is plenty to do, and I expect, after these fellows have held a oouncil of war, they will be trying an attack." When the Doctor went out he found the whole of the garrison busy. Hie Major had placed four men on thc roof and had ordered every one else to fill the bags that had been prepared for the purpose with earth from thc garden. It was only an order to the men and male servants, hut the ladies had all gone out to render their assistance Aa fast ns the natives filled the bags with earth the ladies sewed up the mouths nf the bags, and thc men carried them away and piled them against the gate. Thc garrison consisted of thc six military officers, thc Doctor, seven civilians, ten ladies, eight children, thirty-eight male servants, and six females. The work, therefore, went on rapidly, and in thc course of two hours so large u pile of bags was built up against thc gate that there was no probability whatever, of its being forced. " Now," tho Major said, " wo wnnt four dozcu bags at least for the parapet of the terrace. Wc need not raise it all, hut wc must build up a breast-work two bags high at each of tho angles." There was only just time to accomplish this when one of thc watch on thc roof reported that thu Sepoys were firing thc bungalows. As soon as they saw that thc Europeans had gained tho shelter of the court house tho .Sepoys, with yells of triumph, had made for thc house« of thc Europeans, und their dis- appointment of finding that not ouly hud all thc whites taken refuge in thc court-house, hut thut they had removed most of their [iropcrty, vented itself iii setting firo to thc luildings, after stripping them of everything, and then amused themselves by keeping up a straggling tire against the Com t-house. As soon us thc hags were tukcu on to tho roof, the defenders, keeping under thc shelter of thc two parapets, carried them to thc corners of the terrace, and piled them two deep on tho parapet, these forming IL breast- work four feet high. Eight of the best shots were then chosen, and two of them took post ut cacti corner. " Now," thc Doctor said, cheerfully as lie sat behind a small loop.hole that had been left between the bugs, " It is our turn, and I don't fancy wo shall waste as much lead as you have been doing. " The lire from tho defenders wos slow, hut it wa« deadly, und in a very short time the Sepoys no longer dined to show themselves in thc open, but took refngu behind trees, whence tlicy endeavoured to »oply to thu lire on the roof, bot even this proved BO dangerous that ft waa not long before the fire ceased alts gother, and they drew off under cover of the Bmoke from the burning bungalows. Isobel Hannay had met Bathurst as he was carrying a sack of earth to tho roof. "I have been wanting to »peak to you, Mr. Bathurst, ever since yesterday evening, but you have never given me ari opportunity. Will you stop into the store-room for a few minutes SB you como down ?" As he came down be went to tho door of ¡thu room in which Isobel was standing awaiting him. "I am not coming in, Miss Hannay. I believe I know what you are going to say. I saw it in yonr face last night when I had to tell that tiger story. You want to say that you are sorry yon said that you despised cowards. Do not Bay it ; you were perfectly right ; you cannot despise me one-tenth os much as I despise myself. While you were looking at thc mutineers from thc roof I was leaning against thc wall below well-nigh fainting. What do you think my feelings must be that here, where every mau is brave, where there are women and children to be de- fended, 1 alone cannot bear my part. Look at my face, I know -there is not a vestige of colour tn it ; look et my hands, they are not steady yet lt is useless for you to speak ; you may pity me, but you cannot but despite me. Believe we, that death when it coim-s wiU bo to me a happy release indeed from the shame und misery I feel." Then, turuing, ho left thc girl without another word, and went about his work. Thc Doctor had, just bofore going up to toke his place on the roof, come across him. "Come iu herc, my dcur Bathurst," lie said, seizing his arm aud dragging him into thc room which had been given up.to him for his drugs and surgical appliances, "let me give you a stroug dose of ammonia sud ginger ; you want a pick-up I can sec by your face." " I want it, Doctor, but I will not take it,' Bathurst said. "That is one tlliug I liav< made up my piind to. I will take no spirit! to create a courage that I do not possess." "It is not courage ; it has nothing to dc with courage," the Doctorsaid, angrily. "Il is a simple question of i>crves, as 1 have told you over and over again." " Call it what you like, Doctor, thc result is precisely the same. I do not mind lakiuj a strong dose of quinine if you will give it tc mo, for I feel os weak as a child, but no spirits." With an impatient shrug of thc shoulden the Doctor mixed u stroug dose of quinine and gave it to him. An hour later a sudden outburst of musketry took place. Not a native showed himself on tho sido of the house facing thc muidau, but from the gardens on the other three sides a heavy fire was opened. " Every man to thc roof." the Major said, " four men to each of thc rear corners, three to thc others. Do you think you are fit to fire. Forster? Had you not batter keep quiet for to-day ; you will have oppor- tunities enough.'' " I am all right. Major," he said, carelessly. " I can put my rifle through a loop-hole and fire, though I have one arm in a sling. By Jove 1 he broke off suddenly, "look ut that follow Bathurst, he looks like a ghost." The roll of musketry was unabated, and the defenders were already beginning to answer it, the bullets sung thickly overhead, and above the din coola bo heard the shouts of the natives. Bathurst's face was rigid and ghastly pale. The Major hurried to iiim. " My dear Bathurst," he Baid, " I think you had better go below. You will find plenty of work to do there." " My work is here," Bathurst said, ns if speaking tn himself, " it must be done." Thc Major could not at the moment pay further attention to him, for a roar of fire broke out round thc enclosure as from thc ruined bungalows and every bush the Sepoys, who had crept op, now commenced the attack in earnest, while the defenders lying behind the parapet replied slowly 'and steadily, aiming at thc pull's of smoke as they darted out. His attention was suddenly called by a shout from the Doctor. " Are you mad, Bat hurst ? Lie down, man, you are throwing away your life." Tnrning round the Major saw Bathurst standing npright by the parapet, faning tho Slint where the enemy's fire was hottest, e held a rifle in his hand, but did not attempt to fire ; his figure swayed slightly to and fro. "Lie down," the Major shouted. Lie down, sir," and then as Bathurst Btill stood unmoved he was about to rush forward when the Doctor from one side and Captain Forster from tho other rushed towards Bathurst through a storm of bullets, seized him in their arma, and dragged him back to the centre of the terrace. " Nobly done, gentlemen," thc Major said as thoy laid Bathurst down," it was almost miraculous your not being hit." Bathurst had struggled fiercely for a moment, and then his resistance had suddenly ceased and he had been dragged back like a wooden figure His eyes were closed now. "Has he boen hit, Doctor?" the Major asked. "It seems impossible bs can have escaped. What madness possessed bim to put himself there as a target ?" " No, I don't think he is hit," the Doctor said, as he examined him. "I think he bas fainted. Wc had better carry bim down to my room. Shake hands, Forster, I know you and Bathurst were not good friends, and you risked your life to eave him." " I did not think who it was," Forster said with a careless laugh. " I Baw a man behav- ing like a madman and naturally went to pull him down. However, I shall think better of him in future, though I doubt whether he was in his rieht senses." " He wanted to be killed," the Doctor «aid, quietly, "and the effort that he mode to place himself in tho way of death must have been greater than cither you or I can well under- stand, .Forster. I know thc circumstances of his case. Morally I believe there is no braver man living than he is ; physically he has tho constitution of a timid woman : it is mind against body." "The distinction is too tine for mc, Doctor," Forster said, as ho turned to go off to his post by the parapet. " I understand pluck and I understand cowardice, but this mysterious mixture you speak of is beyond me altogether." Thc Major and Doctor Wade lifted Bathurst end cirricd him below. Mrs. Hunter, who had been appointed chief nurse, met them. " Is he badly wounded, Doctor 7" " Ko ; he is not wounded at all, Mrs. I Hunter. He stood up at thc edge of the parapet and exposed himself to rashly to thc Sepoys* fire that wc hud lo drag him away, I and then thc re action, acting on a nervous 1 temperament, waa ton milch for him, and he fainted. We »hull soon bring him round. You eau come in with me, but keep thc others away.'' Thc Major nt once returned to the terrace. In spite of thc restoratives the Doctor poured through his lips and cold water dashed in his face, Bathurst was some time before he opened his eyes. Seeing, Mrs. Hunter and thc Doctor beside him, he made au effort to risc. " You must lie still, Bathurst," the Doctor slid, pressing his hand on Iiis shoulder. "You have tried to throwaway your life." "No, I did not. I had no thought of throwing away my life," Bathurst said after a pause. "I was trying to malte myself i-tainl lire, I did not think whether I should be hit or not. 1 .nm not afraid nf bullets, Doctor ; it's the horrible, ficudish noise lhat I cannot stand." " I kiimv, my boy," thc Doctor raid, kindly, "but it comes to thc same thing You did put yourself in thc way of bullets when your doing so was of no posible advan- tage, and it is almost a miracle that you escaped unhurt. You must remain here quiet for the present. 1 shall leave you in charge of Mrs. Hunter. There is nothing for yon Jo doon the roof ut present. This attack isa mero outbreak of rage on tlie part of thc Sepoys that we have all escaped them. They kniw well enough they can't take this houBo by merely firing away al the roof. When they attack in earnest it will be quite time for you to Uko part in tile affair again. Now, Mrs. Hunter, my orders are absolute that he is not to be allowed to got up." On the Doctor leaving the room he found several of the ladies outside, the news that Mr. Bathurst had been carried down had spread among them. " Is be badly burt, Doctor f" " No, ladies. Mr. Bathurst is, unfortun- ately for himself, an extremely nervous man, and thc noise of firearms have an effect upon him that ho cannot by any effort of MB own overcome. In order, as he says, to try und accustom himself to it he went and stood at the edge of the paraput in full sight of the Sepoys and let them blare away at bim. He must have been killed if Forster and I had not dragged him away by main force. Then caine thc natural re-acliou and he fainted. That is all there is about it. Poor fellow, ho is extremely sensitive on thc ground of per- sonal courage. In other respects I have known him do things requiring au amount of pluck that not one mau in a hundred possesses, and I wish you nil to remember that bisuervousuues at thc effect of thc noise of fire-arms is a purely constitutional weakness, for which lie is in no way to bc binned. He has just risked his life in thc most reckless mauner, in order to overcome what he considere, and what he kuows that some persons consider, is cowardice, and it would bc as cruel and, I may Bay, as contemptible to despise him for a constitutional failing as it would be to despise a person for being boru u humpback or a cripple. But I cannot stand talking any longer. I shall bc more useful ou the roof than I ain herc." Isobel Hannay was not among those who had gathered neue the door of thc room in which Bathurst was lying, but the Doctor hud raised his voice and she heard what he said, and bent over her work of sewing strips ot linen together for bandages with a paler face than had been caused by the outbreak of musketry. Gradually thc firing ceased, thc Sepoys had Buffered heavily from the steady firo of thu in- visible defenders, and gradually drew off, omi in an hour from the commencement of thc attack all was silent ronud thc building. " So far so good, ladies," the Major said, ^ cheerily, as the garrison, leaving one man on ' watch, descended from the roof. " We have had no casualties, and I think we must have inflicted a good many, and the mutineers arc not likely to try that game on again, for they must soe that- they are wasting ammunition, and are not likely to frighten us. Now I hope thc servants have got tiffeu ready for us, for lam sure wc have all excellent appetites." " Tifien isquitc ready. Major,"Mrs. Doolan, who had been appointed chief of the com- missariat department, said, cheerfully. " The servants were a little disorganised when the firing began, but they Boon became accustomed to it, and I think you will find evcrythiug in order in the lia.lL" (To be amlimted.) 