M128ELLAKE0UZ. A GHOST ON A BICYCLE. A aROUP of cyclists were seated round the fire in tho comfortable inn of Pont- y-Pridd, ' in North Wales. Their talk wore of thrill ing experiences on the bicycle, and just as the interest was beginning to fing Tom Bodkin asked whether any of tho company had over seen a ghost upon a bicycle. Nearly all of them laughed at tho idea. 'Don't laugh, guutlemen,' said Bodkin, quietly, ' I saw ono I' ' The thing happened in this way. To bogin at the beginning, Dick Naggs and myself were running neck-nnd-neck for a dear little girl who I shall call Shphic Bylos. 'Sophie wns a tormenting little witcli. Sbo flirted with both of us in a thoroughly impartial way; and, if either of us attempted any of those foolish remonstrances that fellows desperately in love will sometimes vonture on ia such provoking circumstances, she would only toss tier daintily little head, and, elevating her slightly relrouasa nose, shrug her shoulders disdainfully, and say, ' Please don't speak to mo any more, Tom ' — or Dick as tho caso might bo. ' Now, Dick and I, strange to say, wcro the best of fiiends, although wo wcro the best of rivals. Wo had been chums for several years, lodging in the same ' digs,' nnd getting on togcthor capitally. ' When we discovered wo wero both hope lessly gone ovor Sophie we hud a long talk over tho matter, and tho upshot of it wns that wo shook hands over a fair agreement to go in for her, each of us, fairly nnd squurcly, and let the best man win, neithor taking any mean advantage of the other. ' Things wont on nicely under this work ing arrangement for nbout six months. I often met Bick riding back after visiting Sophie at her suburban cattoge near Step- acide, and ho as nften mot mo, but no oftcncr for it was ia the bond that such visits should bo exactly equal in number, j ' Wo always laughed good liuuiourcdly at each other when we mot thus, chulTud each other ubout our prospects of success, and went off and had a drink ; so you see wo wero honourable chums. ' For soino months wo led this sort of life, and nothing could possibly bo nioro satisfac tory to either Dick or mu — unless cither of us would take ourselves for ever to Jericho, out of tlio other's way. But us this was n very rcmoto contingency indeed, we accepted the situation in a spirit of beatific cheerful ness, nnd made the best we could of it. ' Sophie hnd only one relative living — hut that was quite u sufficient number. It wns licr father — and lie was a terror. 'Among the virtues Mr. Bylcs rejoiced in — and they wero too numerous to par ticularise — was tliut of rigid honesty. lie hnd never got into debt to tlio extent of n penny in his life, he use to boast, and ho detested tho people who did. ' The old man seemed to have a sort of impartial liking for both Biek and mc. He didn't object to our paying our addresses to lain daughter, but seemed to be trying, like ourselves, to find out which of us sliu liked the hotter — perhaps with equal unsuccess. At any rato, lie always met us civilly, and chatted to us in his own dry way on such interesting topics as tlio weather and the crops, the stock and slmremarkets and the liko. ' Dick and myself wero then in tlio en joyment of a modest income each — quitu onougli for him, for lie wits not of nn extravngunt turn; but hardly enough for me, for my tastes were more luxurious. 'However, financinl matters were not in Bick's cuse, any more than my own, ever thought for a moment in connection with our mutually dear Sophie. Wo would Imvo taken hor without n penny — but wo know very well she wouldn't come so, whenever she made up her mind. ' Ono evening I met Dick riding homo from Stepaside, after one of the regulation visits, as I was going out to tako his place. He jumped down oil' his bicycle, and caino over to mo in a state of perturbation. 'Tom,' lie Buid, ' I'm in great trouble, old fellow. I have to go nwny for a fortnight. There's a maiden aunt of mine very ill, over in Hamburg, und she wants to see uie, I'm to be her heir, yon see, and 1 can't possibly refuse.' " 'I don't seo why you Bliould old boy,' I replied ; ' neither do I percoivo why you should get so dreadfully agitated. You'ro a lucky dog, so you are— coming in for a fortune.' " ' Don't see it I' he cried opening wide his eyes in astonishment. ' What is Sophie to do in my ubscnco V ;' Don't trouble your head about that,' 1 answered. ' She'll get along just as usual, I'm suro.' 'But you— you won't surely lake nny advantage of my absence, Tom ) If 1 had your promise on that I'd feel quito relieved. ' Well, that's rather hard, Diek,' I returned. ' ' I don't see why my arrange ments should be uflccted hy your maiden aunt's proceedings. Tlio old Judy is not going to make me her heir.' ' But don't you see, Tom, that my absence would be giving you an unfair advnntagc 7 You'ro to honorable a fellow, I know, to avail yourself of it,' 'Look here, Dick,' I said at length, after he had gone on in this strain for awhile, 1 I'll go this far to oblige you ; I'll not como out here again for a fortnight If you'ro hack by that time, well and good. If you'ro not tlio bargain is at nn end,' ' Do you give mo your word on that Tom!' he asked brightening up, ' I do,' I returned ; 'you may linunt mo when you dio, if J break it. Now be oil'.' V'Wq shook hands and parted, nnd then I informed her of our arrangement agreed 'upon. She said she didn't mind, as slio was going to a friend in Wicklow for a week. ' But I thought alio wiib secretly vexed all the same. t '1 was discussing my brenkmst onn morn ing about a week aftcrwnrds, glancing ovi r t ie newspaper now nnd then ns I feasted, when suddenly my eye caught tho bending — ' Fatal Bnilway Accident to a Dublin Gentleman.' 0'I immediately looked at tho item, nnd, to my horror, found that it related to myi unhappy friend, Dick. He hnd jumped out ofta railway carrirgo when in motion, got. jnmined between it and the platform, and J WM jfjlled, t ' The news upset me a good deal, although > I could not help feoling tlint it cleared the ground for mc in ouo important direction. Still, I was very much attached to poor Dick, nnd I couldn't bring myself to visit Sophie for a couple of days after I heard tho sad tiding!, in order to brenk thorn to her. ' Tho year was getting fast into the sore and yellow leaf ; brown Ootober hud brought its short and its (sometimes) lovely moon-, light nights ; and it was on one of theso— a glorious ono it was — that I started oil, with and equnlly- balanced admixture of grief and hopeful elation at my heart, for tho bower of my Sophie— my own Sophio, as I -fondly hoped Boon to call hor now — to unfold - my gruesome tale. ' I had got about half-way towards my destination, when it occurred to mo that i ought to striko a match nnd havo a quiet pufl of tho soothing weed, as nothing could; be more in kcoping with tho peaceful quiet, of tho scene. No sooner thought of than done ; nnd I wns in the not of remounting with pipo aglow, whoa my eye caught a sight of unothor rider coining in the same direction, hut at a considerable distance behind. This circumstance caused ino no emotion in particular, and I forgot all about it as I sped on nfrosli. I slackened my pace to spin out the distance until I had finished my pipo and was drawing on easily townrds Stcpnside, whon somo instinct or other inado mo glanco backwards down the road aeuin. ' Tho other traveller had gained upon mo with amazing celerity. Ho was now not more than 40 or SO yards behind. ' What a wonderful resemblance ho boro at thnt distancs to my dead friond Dick ! His gnrments looked white in the ghostly moonlight. Dick, when riding all last sunimar, had worn a suit of whito flannel, as the stranger's seemed to ho. And it appeared to me, as I paused, thunder- stricken and trembling, for a moment in my ride, that his form was exactly that of my dead friend. 'I was never superstitious, yet now for an instant a feeling of awo enmo over mo ; hut, as I wobbled to tlio ground oil my machine, under its influence, I began to ourso myself vigorously for a womanish fool, and, jumping up with tlio celerity of fully recovered spirits, I sot ray steel steed oU' with n lively start, and began to rnco away from the awesomo stranger. ' I went at a spanking pace for some time ; but I could not help turning my licnd backwards again soon, to note how far I had left him behind. 'llorrorof horrors! Iio was gaining on mc still I ' llo wiib only a few yards behind. 1 could not distinguish his face; but the figure nnd the way in which it sat the machine, were the same as Dick's. ' Again I spurted inndiy. Great bends of cold sweat hurst out upou my temples, and nn icy feeling crept through my frame even to tlio marrow of iny bones, despite the heat into which tho exercise had thrown mc. My terror lent mo strength. I must get away from this horriblu phantom, even though my heart should snnp in tlio effort. I tore along the road now liko a niuniac. ' I was just turning the corner of the tUDtiL lllliw ITIIILII iUU up tu IJUHI(U0 UUttUlf when my machine cume plump against a form engaged in doing tlio same from the Inna side of tliu angle. Tlio consequences were disastrous to both travcllors. ' Machine mid myself threw n double somersault ovor tlio body of the pedestrian. Wlion wo both regained our feet 1 thought I should turn into stono when I encountered tlio Gorgon-liko oyo of my intended futlior- in-lnw !' ' ' Hang it, man !' Iio shouted, ns soon as lie recognised mo und found his voice, 1 what tlio dickens nro yo staring at mo for, instead of apologising for nt-nrly killing mel Ono would think you lind seen a ghost !' ' I have seen it ghost, suro enough, sir,' I answered with trembling lips ; 1 the ghost of my poor dead friend, Dick ; and sec, there it coinns.' ' Tlio whito figure hnd nrrived at tiio cortior of tlio lane, full in tiie ghnstly glnre of tho dazzling moonlight. It dismounted uud advanced towards where wo stood. 1 1 held up both my hunds to shut out the fearsome sight. ' 1 Don't coine near inc,' I cried, in nil agony of desperation, ' until you tell mu whuthor you aro a man or the ghost of my dead friond, Diek 1' ' Tlio thing laughed ; it wns a horrible human laugh. ' ' No ghost, Bir,' it replied, as its coarso chuckle ccnscd, 'but a messenger from a mnn who bus ghosted you long enough in vain for this little bill of £7 10s for clothes Mr. Tippet, the tailor, of Grafton-streot. Here 'tis for you, sir, now ; and if you don't pay it hy 12 o'clock to-morrow I'm instructed to invito you toim interview with thn Recorder, at Gieun-streot Courtliousu.' 1 This wns my roinaiiue of tho wheel, It shattered my. duy-dremn, and lost uio my Sophie. Old Bylcs turned on tne with all the scorn of nn enraged money lender who nover owed a man a penny, nnd bade mo never again show my f.ico at tho cottage. ' Tho fickle Sophie ratified this decision, and shortly afterwards married a wealthy pawn-broker who had, a couple of months before, laid his third spouse under tho Bod in Glusnevin; nnd I am left lioro alone with my faithful bioyclo I' 