STho H silose of Rinmoln. -4--- A Story ol the "Black Country "of Southl Staffordshire. BY JEANIE GWYKNNE BETTI NY. (Published by Special. Arrangement with Aessrs. War'd, Lock, .Bolowdci; and Co.) 7. CHlAPTE1R XII.-f Coi?tinued.) :. Mr. Rimlpler chanced to hear Dor cas's last remark; and, instantly judging at whliom it rwas levelled, gave Dorcas a lookl which would have apl palled anyone else. But she. whs notably reckless, and would have her fling, as she often said, if she died for it. With. a sudden inspiration she looked Rinpler: full in tie face, and asked hin wheni he had come to thi throne; at whlich sally she was so much deligh~ted that she laughed up roariously, attracting general attention Stoher. She should have waited for: )limpler's ainswer. 'I've never been .in danger of coming to the throne; but I havebeen in danger of being dragged against my will.to a certain altar seVbral times. That is,' he added, as if to malke his meaning quite clear, ,I should have been, had not the lady lacked all personal charmn both of face and years, and manner and voice, and all the rest, having nothing in fact to drag, with but her pedseverancc.' And with this he turned away. Dorcas .was: so overpoorinugly angry, that the first thing she thought of-a common enough thought, in the Black Country, too-was the pur chase of vitriol. But everybody else made an effort to pass the thing over ; and though all understood vwho the lady referred to was, there .was.not the least proof; against Mr. Rimpler. He had not committed himself in any way. - . ', :" The hIncheon was' a great success; and f after .it' the' party set; out to walk in the park. Mr., limpler had noticed that Madeline was more .com fortable than at ?rst. He was glad of 'that; and he now did his best to entertain Mrs. Saltring, who had ., fallen 'to his lot since they had comb out. All at, once, he beheld seated Supon a bench a woman, with' grey . hair and a ragged sharwl. On her arm was an old canvas bag ; and she looked miserable enough for anything. Mr. Rimplor for soine reason could scarcely keep down 'his excitement. Ho said to Mrs.. Saltring, quietly enough for all that, " We must not see a person Jook so'wretched as that on so gay a 'day;' and he fumbled in his 1nocket. Mrs. baltriug, with pleased eyes, watched him go up to the woman, and bestoiv his willing alms upon her. She did- not hear, however, the 'few words Mr'. 'Rimpler spoko to the woman, or she might have seen an altogether different meaning in his act. In that brief 'moment-ho 'had made an' arrangement 'with her to meet him at the tavern they had just quitted, the iext day. He then passed on, as if nbthing had occurred; / and overything ,went merrily, and everyone seemed sorry when it' was time to return to Ju ?ley. CAJTER Lx•n. CONiUBIAL AhJENITIES. The sojourn abroad of Mr. and Mrs. Jubal Timnion wasiconsiderably protracted;' and it @was not until the first week in August that a channel steamer, not t'o seawor thy, wasnchring N*ewhavien,* withlia 'precious cargo indeed. TheJouneyihad beeiinade by night, and the, .sea ?looked "a, blue as the sky overhead, and the wllite cliffs quite dazzling in the morning sun light.: Laura, with .a peevish, discon f tented look.upon her face, for which, perhaps, we ought to have some com miscration, since she had been suffer ing from soa-sickness, was regarding * the prett3y view from the deck-of the steamer.. Jubal, a thought thinner. ,than when we last saw him, appeared to bp making no effort at all to brighllbn the spirits of his partneor, but; Spuffed aivay at a big cigar quito spite fully. "At lengtli a small creature in a bluo shawl came on' deck, ands, looked tinidly about her. She was speedily followed, and her'arm taken by a lady who appealred to be her moter. Liurna, *out of mere curiosity, watched the couple seat themselves on the :side of the steamer; and ..then they tuirned their faces towards her. . ' : ' Jubal,' she said, giving her lord a tug, 'do you: seowho that is?' . '- ';. 'No, I don't; nobodry jIknow.' ^ ' It's Lucy Berediti and hermother.'' ' Can't help it if it is,'.ieplied Jubal,: continuing to lpuff. ' .. ' At least you' might take-o a little 'imi terest in wlhat I say.i;'': . , . ,OtherF' peopl'6: take too .inuch in terest in what you say, for me :to :.take much. . ' " ". " ' 'I haven't the ghost of a notion what you mean,? rituined Laura, tossing heir head '3ut there aer those Boiediths. . I wonder ho it wTas wo didii't see them w hen :o came on board.' ' I did see them at Saffit Lazare," observilcd Jubil, with the samno ill natnued tone and look; aiid I saw them get inito oemr tr n, and I san themr come onwbonid? I'Thou why, coilddn't you tell me ? ' A nice rage youi'd got ;into iP I were nlwa nys nalrating to you every body I saw. \Vihat a tune wo aie getting in, when wo rie quite close to, and have, been evoi so long, 'to all appoeranco' iemarclked LTura, in aunswvr to this. '*It is /a hoiiible steamer. onu ought to hlvia looked after iT better, as other geintlenion would do. But no one cain expctis you to be a' g:ntle mn0. man.' ''Thoro'fl only one gentloman in tile world, we know,' retorted Jubal, 'since Winterfold put In an appear anco at Paris. And the do(viln?nows' how he found us out.' ::.::- .: ;, : " ' I'm very glad he did,' ;said Liui'a, crossly pulling a thread.; out: of hler glovr. ' It would-have been: dull enough without him. I suppose you didn't encourago him to -come at. all,:did you ? You didn't wavnt i`:' to be thought at .the ~otel; :tflut, your friend was the son of a lord did you,. Jubal ?'. ' She always called him, Jubal when she was not. on parlticulaily'good terms with himn .which had.been :rather fre quently of late.'. : . 'Are you going to spealk: t tthose Berediths ?' JubaiL had asked, when; a sudden lurch of thioe \shi sent hii~ ignominiously into a sitting posture on the seat near his wife--le had been standi'n, before.fo . : : ';''. ;. Laura burst imto a :laugh,7' and several other passengers, who had comeo on deck, were moved to. sniile. also. Jlubal's hat had flown off, and rolled with the movement of the vessel to the. feet of the Beiediths. iHe' ,was very angry;. more angry with Laiura than, anyono else, for laughing at him.: .He was proud of .her beauty, and was "as really in love with: her as his. n'ature could b; .and lihe wishedto be envied, and' that -the w;oild should see that she was all his own. It. appeared to. him that her' careless laughing at his misfortune would suggest to the minds of all who'had seon it, that the ?young lady coiild not be very much in love with her husband. The casual obserler of human natiire is quick to notice and give their full value to. indications of this kind. A wife-above all, a new wife, who is in love with her husband -would feel his b'eing seen in a ridi oulous .dr foolish position, in a- sense doubly kceen. ' But .Lara-a seemed iathor to enjoy Juba'ls ciscomfiture, as he unsteadily follonved his tiuant headgecr to the feet of the two ladies. lHe apohloised to themi as he picked his hat up and placed it on his hbead; and wheii he tunned, ho saw a young riench girl, an article Jubal had purchased for. his wife with his uncle David's money, in theactu of re calving a spuiited, account of his mis adventure from his mistress. This was too much for Jubal. Hie took in tho situntioni at a glanced and did not go towards iis, wife, but remained sulkily where he was; and the ship Pliughed on through the water, and the awhite cliffs came neaier and nearer. Jubal determined not to look after the luggage properljy on lading, as thoereadiest moans of avenging him self on his wife foi her 'annt of feel ng; and he became better tempered in lirospect of this. One thing he mneant .to look- after, an'd only one,. and that was his own .bag lined with cigars, on which he meant to pay nio duty. -He lilkewiVse resolved to get drunk, which hlie kno-w Laura ob jected to, not' on moirnal, but on artistic. grou'nds.. Jubal .was an appendage of her obn, and. she: ahivays remem bered this when ~he made a beast of himself,.'as she called it, though she appeared to have.forgotten it just now, when Jubal fell. Bit then, after all, it was fate that .had done that and Jubal chose to get dr~ink. It has been seen that' Laura mnade no step towards speakling .?o .the Berediihs. The Berediths,. neverthe less, ,had recognised her,, and :had known her well enoughi not to expect her to accost them.t ' Don't you think, mamma, that Laura is handsomer than.: ever?' Lucy said to her mot;her, withe;y es fixed on the whLite cliffs they: were every moment nearing. . 'I certainly do,' Mrs. Beredtiih aic knowledged unwillingly. She, would have been glad had the fact beeni less evident. She was angry with LAura. 'Don't you think it st~range thati wive should havo': been on the same sh`ip ?' ' I shoullilhave 'stayed for the latei ship it I hlad known they were coding over, said Mis. Berodith "rather sharply; ' ~anld if that 's. Keziih's briothe he's very miuchi of hiertyipo :RIae oio Mrs. 'Beredith'was :rong., But we all jidge iiconectly of ipople .ainst wvhomwe have a picconueved: opi10nion ";,-''h lfVy doesn't: lie" go to. .her ?'. re: marked Lucy., 'They dln't appear to' she ::added,' turmu.nng "heri 'wistful .face away .from : the chalkt?.cliffs; a.: i to waids herimothlei'if I 'had inhiried him, and were returng 'nith liim in this steamer' instead of you ,n'e'.i 'sholidl have beenI farther' apart tlian we are -I'., see 'it a ;;1;differently. now, mamma, ?went'.onLucy.;-:. !:. n ' it ,-onildi never.: have done, and, j l'want tot~oll Keoziahi so. Iial ' uam si: e h'ie now thinls kind(ly ;of me hImar id him, li 'ouldha oated me b now Andl how much better to be separated Irom him as I am, thann o .have lin hate me,.and I ie tied'to him; I iamn suro, fat? ?iwas kinfdbr' 'to 'me 'tlhanh I kimew.;, and tinie is-l.kid.' ..WehI.Ilast saw that shore, I was wisiiihn I'inght neveris;,i iagaih " ahd'ndn6w' Ii just longingto get back aild se" the old hiomei:e t:w;:, as vor' ki.nd o'f Gerald iHarwys to write so" ofto?.' Mrs.Beriedith looked inquiringly at lihor dauighteir, as if.iiotquite sure what thisphraso meant, introduced suddenly as .it/.was, and without apparont reason ...Gerald Harwyrn had written reguldrly to Mrs. Beredith, to make inquiioes about Lucy, since they had loft England, which they hgd done im mlediately after: the events we have eloscribed; and Lucy had. certainly road his letters with evident pleasure. :After all, that might be but natural. Any sympathy, if it be real, is accept able in timo of pain; and Mrs. Bere dith had .not attached much. moaning to Lucy's gratification. ' The steamor was at last close: to -the. shore and entering th6 harbour, and Jubal, loisurely enough, . advanced towards his wife and told, her she milght .as ,well gatheor her traps to getheir that was the phase he used- if slho had left ainyin the iabin. ,.They would b'o in in. aminute. : '. Perliaps you may go. and inquire ablout them,' rejoined Laura, saucilb, 'seeing_ yout are so very steady on your feet; and we are so very near shliore.' Thel eyes of the little French maid twinkled at this sally; but she nevertheless said..that Mon sieur must not trouble Ihimself to go for thie things; she0 would go at once herself and see if there were anything of her mistress's left below. 'At any rate, Jubal,' observed Laura,' you can look after the boxes, and see that some of them don't get cariled off by somebody else.' S' They'll see to that,' r.epled Jubal, vaguely indicating lie knew not whom. ' I'm not going to bother about any ~thing, except breakfast. An infernal wash ll:of coffee tlhey'll get for us, I know.' ': But really,' insisted Laura, gather ing her cardinal wrap about her, and diopping from har pedestal of satire, and mounting thliat of anger, ' you must look after the things, Jubal; you know they will be lost, and things stolenout of them. You must stand by all the time they.look in them, too, anid see they don't take aniything oitt of all those lo'ly things I have bought.' ' L6ely tuings .be hanged,' said Jubal rudely;. ' what the devil did you want to get so many things for ? It's through -you buying so many things that weo had to have'newo 'boxes to carry them in, and got, charged for excess luggage.' : Well, we don't g6 to Paris every day.' returned Laura indignantly. '"Uncle David may be very glad we don't,' ariswered Jubal. 'It has cost enougn.' : And, now, with a loud grating nioise, and a little shudder, the steamer stopped i and then began the rush to land. Jubal kept :his ,:work about the bopxes; and they were ruthlessly oiened, and titurned over without any rem6ns$trance from" him. The only thing hie .took an interest in was his leather bag, which he opened himself and pushed towards the officer withl a careless air, as much'as to say, ' You may look; there's nothing wrong with that.' All it appeared to contain was a half-empty flask of brandy and a few toilot requisites. The officer pushed it back towards him with some impatience; and Jubal, triumphant, marched away with his cigars to the crowded breakfast room, which looked uninvitihg enough. The proprietors well knew that the travellers must breakfast, at no matter what cost, and that they must take what was put be fore them, or else face the next.palt of the journey without anything. So the several tables were spread in io very attractive manner with* food which wouild have been left untasted in a.london restapirait '.The passen gers, who had:.for the.most pIart been sea-sick, contented themselves with mild grumbling at the stewed tea and wretched coffee served to them at an extoi·tionate price. lbTo obe Coetinued.) 