A' '????' ' ' ^aRaWWi*a5Jib^r^,.iO There are. few old folpnists;w,holiave not heard or read of ' Fisher's Ghost ' nt Ganipiielltoivh, near Sydney. 'Gbost stories,' hr.ving been ^revived by the publication of an article in the. London periodical; Mr. .Tames Norton, son of .-in old. and .weMJcnowfrSydufy.sojicitoi' of tne1 saihp' habi^/siipplicA tlie' fbllow i.'ijjfi particulars. ,t?)ncerjiiug v.^Pisher's Ghost,' eo.me of which, ;we. believe ure made public for the first time : — ? In; the early part of tliK'pfes'fen't'c^n tiiry,' Vheli*'the') adhiinistration '.'oi, the criminal law was as barbarous as it is now absurJIy lenient, a young country girl ,wfint up to London .hjftd tthtain'eS a situation as 'bouseinaid io n'Jevvisb couple, who kepi; also' nfeniVle-coofk. The housemaid, bring at respectable, conscientious, nnd ? good-natured girl, was always ready to help her ff.llow servaut-; -and sbortljy.';.aftr;rwaiids'athe cook, in recognition^ rif her kindness, made her a present, of a i^)ll of:iose edlourftd ' satin 'ribbon (worth ii few shillings), with part of - which' she trimmed her lion net.* Coming, down stairs. 'the next; day bn'her way to church she met her mistress, who 'had lost a to 1 of similar ribbon, and now asked the .sirl where she- had got'the trimming. She wasY/f course, informed without the slightest hesitation, 'but tlie cook, who liad.lierwilf stolen the ribbon, naturally denied having given it to the housemaid ; therefore, not withstanding the protestations of the poor girl, wliohad no friends in London, she was immediately given in charge, committed for trial, and without loss of time, tried, found guilty, and sen tenced to death. ? Some disinterested persons, who were satisfied of her innocence and shocked at the monstrosity of the sentence,' made great efforts' to. get justice done to her, and ftftfii* sho had lain six weeks in the condemned cell, in -l-«ily expec tation of being hanged, . her sentence was mercifully commuted to transpor tation for life. Aftpr Uc-r arrival in this colony she. nuirriwla iiip.n named Farley, who then or afi rewards re sided at Campbellt.iwn, not far from the icsidiiuce of Frederick Fisher, who lived on ji farm' -with a friend named George Worrall, and was assisted l-y 'Worrell in the -»anagfiment of uffaivs. It became known sometime sifter wards that Fisher contemplated a visit to England, but bis neighbours were rather surprised at- his sudden disap pearance on the. night of June 17, 1820, without saying- «ood-hye to any one, while- Worrell accounted for by giving some reason for his desiring to go pif.(|uietly. : Wor.-ell,,wli!» professed to hold some authority from Fisher,' continued to rf-sidis in his house and proceeded to dispose- ot his .property, without exciting much suspicion 'of' foul [ilay, until, after the several weeks, Farley, supposed to-be flfunk, was found one evening Jying on the bridge over the branch'. of Bunliury Curritn Creek. On his coming to his senses he informed'' his frionds that,- 'vis he was crossing thfi bridge, he wnsafetonished to see bis friend Fisher, sitting on the h-iiidrail ou the bridge, ajid he, of course., grp.e.t.e.d him. jri a friendly, way, not for a nioitient doubting that it was Fisher himself iji -propria. pe.rsoiia. Tiistt'iid of returning to him his greeting the supposed Fsher, by tin esisy gliding motion, left his position and proceeded down the creek, beckon ing Farley to follow, but the now terrified man, convinced that the. ap pearance was supernatural, fainted from fright. Great excitement was nccas'oned by Farley's story, which presently come to the ears of my father, who fa$^3|P*&'^ sol&itor.; ,^®»»«am»y^ppla k^^atiKifffory asMicu1p«W»a hmraroppefl #frn idiialSlnioWnd had #»%# th^lpphougb. this was exweniely unlikely, bb he was a quiet, respectable man, and no cir cumstances was known which would throw responsible suspicion on him. As week after week elapsed withoub any steps having been taken to bring Jhe^sjupposed.mu.rder^ctQJUSticfif-Jnjr father, who bad become greatly in- ^ terepU^^fn tfie matter and f^ia.ifler sonal 'friend of jthe Attorney-General (Mr. Saxo ttannister;, limiswa on somo effort bein.gimade*o unravel the mystery. A reward was offered and the I' constable at rr»Oa(inpbBlU»Fto directed to search^ 'fori 'Fislier's boUf, upon which he obtained, the assistepce of- -two jnative: blacks aiid .cemijBenoed; work at the bridge, where some.1 blood was foiindon the rail, 'though ' an;, at tempt h-d beem! made to burn ? jthe stain out.. The blacksfoliowed.in,^ tracks of the ghost, as pointed out by Farley, and presently came to a water hole, where they deelared that some scum floating on, the surface was tyifite man's fat; they then led to search - some distance further and ultimately discovered the place where the.Jjod^r was buried about four 'months earlier^ An inquest was licjdanda verdict: -pf wilful murder returned against some person or persons' 'unknown. ' ^^VVorVift wns afterwards tried and convicted, nn what seems to be most conclusive circumstantial evidence, and executed, notwithslanding the excitement paused by -the supposed insufficiency., of the evidence adduced ; but this excite nicut. was allayed next day.- by: fhe publication of the fact that Worrall had confessed to having killed Fisher, although he stated (evidently falsely) that he did it by 'accident. _. . ... I learned most of the foregoing facts from my father, who often related them, and on uiiy going to school, at Campbelldown . in 1S41 (the- ghost story being still current) I have often seen and' indeed, sat on the rail which' the ghost had occupied,' and traced down the creek and, examined . the place where the body was found. The story, as told by my old schoolfellow John Lang, is full of accidental and intentional variations, and he lays the scene at Penrith and brings: in Mr. Cox, of JIuI^o;), on the scene as a magistrate, which is probably due to sonic defect in his memory. ...,lly fririid, the lion. 'W. H. Stittbr, 'seems r-».take littie account of the rotuaoee * of the story, also of some of the ii ream stories told in his charming little hook, 'Australian Stories ltalold- a|d Sketches of Country Life,'' are- still more romantic and unaccountable! 'r^Jt is not difficult to_ account tor-} |fip, partial preservation of the Hod y,; for. iu the first place the murder took, .place in the depth of winter, and iu. the next place, the waters of - the '. cro^k vvhere it was deposited weje,; wheni I knew thes place, aad proliably still aW. so saturated with Til unr' anil other aritisoptic salts as to'make''tl)enT'-j'iiJte* unlit for any purpose' -whatever.^— Yours, etc., James Norton.— March 12\. . . - . 