THE KILLING OF THE CONSTABLE. We cannot say that there was anything very special in the circumstances of the death of constable Arthur W. Brown. It was the old story, and except that the victim happened to bo a constable, has been enacted many a time and oft. It is tho talc of Cn8«io over again—the word followed by a blow, but, fortunately, in Cassia's ease, bo lived to tell about it,' and to bewail his midnight follies, where thin constable did not. His fate, and the deep sorrow which bis death has occasioned to his relatives should suggest to other young men that though liberty 5s ono of thoir privileges, - the abuse of it, and tho very quoslionublo com pany which is to bo found about any town towards and after tho midnight hour, if it does not lead them into "grief and humilia tion is because they have boon laokicr than a good many others of those who have tried it. According to tho very carefully prepared evidence in the case under notice, two young men, both of whom wore constables, decided to spend tho evening together. They appear to have enjoyed what may- bo termed the respectable hours of tho evening in a sociable and pleasant way. Then, after muoh perambulating of tho streets and much, congenial converse, they entered an hotel for a friendly glass. That was all very well, and tho pity of it is that it did no end there. It was, tho survivor of tho pair declares, Ihoijj firat taste* of alcohol for tho evening; but", as too bften happens, it was but the beginning of a good more. In tho next place they visited, several more drinks appear to havo boon partaken, and a drinking acquaintance was, struck up with two other young men. It was now getting on to midnight, or perhaps a little past, and tho scene was shifted a few blocks away. Tlioro some more drink was indulged in, and this last supply appears to havo disagreed with the tempers of at least two-of tho party. Constable Brown and ono of hia loosely picked up companions had a dispute, an insulting phrase was used, and instantly, tho constable being taken unaware, he was felled with a blow, doshod into tho street channel on tho' back of his head and novor spoke again. Many similar assaults, and arising from exactly similar causes are frequently taking place hero, and. in other centres of populations, but fortunately, it is compara tively seldom that tho results are of so tragic a character. In his sober senses the constable would not havo used the peculiarly exasperating language which his comrade admits ho did, and the man Storey, if ho had boon wiser than ho is, ho would not havo been there to bo insulted by his hbst and entertainer of a few minutes before. Both wore apparently men of pas sionato tempers, especially when excited by drink, and those are the very ones who should bo tbo most careful ! to keep well wilh>n the bounds of moderation. When tho parly gained admittance to what is technically termed a “late bouse,” that is ono with a permit to sell after tho hour at which traffic is prohibited in loss favored houses, tho constable, of course, had as littlo idea that in a very short while he was to bo slain by ono of his companions as that companion had of being adjudged guilty by a coroner's jury of manslaughter. It is impossible to say whether tho effects of that most unseasonable and unnecessary round of drinks consumed by men who had already had more than was good for them, with tho resulting quarrel leading up to that single and fatal blow, has occnssioncd more sorrow amongst tho rela tives of tho man who was struck, or tho man who struck. .Storey's connections, it is true, do not appear to bo of tho very highest class, but then the capacity for fooling is not confined to any particular class, and doubt less tho man himself, seeing tho conse quences of his act, and tho ordoal ho has yet to go through must, if ho bo not alto gether of a callous disposition, bitterly regret that he over learned what the taste of liquor was like.. On tho other side there was a promising and useful life sacrificed in a miserable midnight brawl; a young wife, who with her two children, woro about to raako thoir homo . amongst : her husband's relatives and friends in Maryborough, widowed, and her little ones orphaned, and an aged father bereft of a favorite son. Tho tale is a sad one altogether—ono of thoso deplorable incidents of tho liquor traffic with which tho lecturers on tho temperance plat form thrill their audiences with pity and indignation, and. which incidents being only too true, thoir opponents have no reply to make, at least none that will bear tho scrutiny of inventsgaton, But public opinion is not yot ripe for tho abolition ; of a trade, which it scums cannot bo persued without working untold mischief and misery upon tboso’of its patrons who‘are of careless, thoughtless, oi weak dispositions. However,. it is not for want of warning, that this traffic is so prosperous., In tho tragedy of last Sunday morning wo trust that many young raon dm-, posed to tako thoir recreation in tho same ■ fashion will read a lesson that they will tako to heart. It'is .comparatively little, perhaps, to those who are alone as regards family ties, how or whore they spend thoso hours not absolutely necessary for sloop and work* bdt there arc few so circumstanced that they can run tho risk of disgracing’ tliojr characters, and somotiimes tho certainty of death as thq.ill-fated, constable did, without causing .needless! anxiety and unmerited anguish to parents and whatever other rela tives or genuine friends and well-wishers they may possess* The young cannot, too early, loam the truth that drinking com-. panionships, are the worst of all companion ships, and should, therefore, consistently shun cvcty r coterie which is hold together by tho indulgence in this vicious habit. - • i ; Fourth Pack.—Tho following additional reading matter will bo found on tho fourth page Mining - jand ' Notes, Bendigo, Liedertafel, Government Accounts,' Letter to tbo Editor, Mayor Bhoppeo and tho Sal vationists. Events.—St, Patrick'sjSports at Bondjgo, Iloohcster, and Inglewood; School! of Mines Gounod, 8 p.m.; Fortnightly Meeting • A.N.A., Toraporanoo' Hall, 8 p.m.; Boxing' Match, Lewis v. Min ter, Aihjetip Club, 8 p m. ; Mrs. Leo’s Mission, Masoufu 8 jbn. • Weather Forecast.—Mr. Ellery’s',.fore cast-for to-day indlootes.-cloudy and: unsettled woAthdr, otod'iri parts fchoWory; south-oost, and southerly winds. ; ' The Autumn Bnow.—Tho entries for this show closed yesterday, but following the usual; •custom, letters conyoying entries'will her’re ceived by all’mails:.to-dky, Whoti'xho complete list will bo made up. i Mr D. C. .Sterry, tho member for South Sandhurst, introduced tbo president of .th6 Shire of v Strathfloldsayo to Mr. Graham,' as; MnlsteV Of Public‘Works, to ask that, gentlQ- : man to render the shjro some assistance in' - re- constructing and repairing qoyerq] bridges 'throughout tho shire, as tho shire with -their large ‘ territory ' and ' odmparatlvcly small revenue were entirely unable . to carry-out those works, The' assistance asked for was £100 for ’tho erection of a bridge' over the Pmu Crook at Brooms, tho same amount to wards tbo construction of another brido across Crook and £200 for - repairing o£bj&r; bridges on tbo,- main rood. They. also uskfyai ‘'fejt In' ; repairing and forming portions ofc tho Ifclvor, Strath" - fieldsayo, and Axedalo main “roads, $£r- Stony urged that as the shire had boon s6mo-‘ what overlooked-' in v the distributiin of the subsidy, ho. trusted tho Minister would give them some special assistance. ' Mr. Graham promised to consider the requests when the next estimates wore boing framed. The, same gentlemen tiluo brought' under Mr. Graham* s notice us Mininler of Water Supply, the olahno of Btrathfioldsaye for compensation water for tho A*o, Emu, and ShoopwuBh Crooks.' The M in is tor asked that u statement of tho grounds of such claims should' be for warded in writing, and he would have an enquiry mode into tho matter. •A Candidate fob Toorak,—Mr. A. Grant McIntyre, n native of Bendigo, eon. of Mr. John McIntyre, has announced his candida- ture for tho representation of tho electorate of Toorak, vice Sir Matthew Davies, who is to retire. Mr. M* In tyro explains that ho is a member of tho National Association, and of Mr. Moudoll’H Young Victorian Patriotic. League. John Bellin, late auctioneer of Mel bourne, who. was sentenced to live years for building society frauds, bos died in tho Gee long gaol from bronchitis and stricture. New Insolvf.ncy* —- William Coulter, of Miliamo, butcher, has hied his schedule with tho clerk in Insolvency at Sandhurst. A Prolific PkaiC TueR.'— As reference has frequently been made in those columns of late to tho great possibilities attendant on tho proper cultivation of land at White liilla, Epsom and lluntly, it is worthy of special note that a striking Illustration of this has just been given. In Messrs. Griffiths and Osmond's shop window in Miloboll street an exceptionally largo bunch of pears bos boon exhibited for some days. The pears are touch ing one another, and the whole bunch is just of the same shape as an ordinary bnnoh of grapes, only very nmoh larger. The bunch contained about 50 pears when first bung up —10 have dropped olt since—and weighed 301b. Tho name of the pear is tho Bergamot d'Espernnco, and' tho proliflo tree is growing in the firm's nursery at White Bills. Obituary.— Yesterday after boing in ill health from an internal complaint for a con siderable while, Mr. Michael Cock, powder miimifaoUiror, of Golden Htjuari, breathed his last. Tbo deceased, who was a man of much intelligence, and of estimable character was well-known fo« many yoaro previously as the mining manager of the Great 'Britain Com pany. Though ho was ailing of laic h a death was not expootnd, as on Sunday last ho was able to attend j the services at the Golden Square Wesleyan Churoh. lie was about 58 years of ago. Tho funeral lakes place to-day from his late residence in McKenzie street west. Tho death is also announced after a short illness of Mr. James Morrison, mail contractor and licensee of the Durham Ox Hotel. Tho funeral will leave tho hotel to morrow at 3.30 o'clock for tho Bendigo Ceme tery. Mr. Morrison was of a genial ami amiable disposition, and piior to entering into business was engaged in mining, and also speculated considerably. Ho leaves u widow and two sons. School Picnic.— Tho Golden- square Wes- leyan Sabbath School picnic was hold yes terday nt Axe Creek in the paddock adjoining the State-school. Thoro was a largo atten dance, as between 500 and 600 children, teachers, and parents left by trains at 9 a.m, ami nt a quarter to 12 a.m. The Rev. J. A. Marsland and tho school superintendent, Mr. R. Saunders, with other officers and teachers, wore present to reader all necessary assis tance, and together they succeeded in making very satisfactory arrangements for tho plea sure of tho children. They wore regaled with' tea and edibles on tho ground shortly after arriving and before leaving, and In the in terim pleasant games wcro indulged in. The scholars and their friends lotumod homo safely at tho close of tho day, A.N.A.—Tho fortnightly meeting of tho Sandhurst branch takes places this evening in tho Temperance Hal). Owing to some of tho instruments for tbo experiments not boing to hand, tho lecture on electricity by Messrs. Orchard and Henderson will have to i>o postponed to a future date, but members aro requested to attend this mooting, os busi ness of importance to tho branch will be laid before them. Dr. Thomas, the Anglican Bishop of Goul- burn (N.8. W.), died on .Tuesday night, aged .seventy-five years. Presentation at Strath fields aye.— This evening, nt the Shire Hall, Slratbfield sayo, Senior Constable Ryan, who was re cently promoted to Swan Hill, is to bo pre sented by a number, of the residents with a handsome gold watcli and chain. Tho cere mony will bo .performed by xho president of tbo shire (Mr. R. H. S. Abbott), and o largo gathering of Mr. Ryan’s friends is expected. Bridgewater. —Our local correspondent reports:—The anniversary of tho Wesleyan Church took place on Sunday. Tho Rev. E. Nye, B.A., of Bendigo, preached morning and evening, and both services wore well attended. Tho prcaoher said that ns it was on the day of Pentecost when the apostles received tho Holy Ghost, so men wore now fitted to do tho work that Christ had instructed them to do—to go into tho world and preach tho Gospel to every creature. He also spoke at length on tho cultivation of Christian graces, Tho anniversary tea mooting was hold on Monday night, .A fair number sat down to tm, which was laid very nicely, and tho tables wore presided over by Mcsdatnos Wright, Richards, Davey and Freeman and Misses Masterson, Swale, Davey (2), Wright (3), Burman, Hedley, Harris, Stebbins and K. McNally. Tho public meeting was presided over by Mr. J. M. Highett, M.L.A. After tbo secretary (Mr. Stebbins) had read tho annual addresses were delivered by the Rov. E, W. Nye and Mr. Falder, who gave two very nice •recitations, interspersed svith anthems by tho choir. Miss Davey pre sided at the organ. City Police Court. — Mr. K. Van Damme and Dr. C. B, Gaffney, Js.P., dealt with throe drunkards yesterday. A boy named W. Oliver and, a. man named Thomas Pannell wore proceeded against by Constable Lysaght f)r cutting on Crown lands on tho 8th inst,, 17 ironbark saplings, valued nt £1 14s and 30 box saplings valued nt 30s. Pannell did not appear,and a warrant was ordered to bo issued for his arrest. Oliver was remanded for a ■wtfok to allow of.tho two eases being heard together. Several small debt coses wore dis posed of, and court adjourned. Benevolent Asylum and Lying-in Hos- PITAL.J— The committee met,on Tuesday after noon. ; Mr. Crofts (in tho chair), Major .Kirby, Dr. James Boyd, Messrs. Pal- lott, Stewart, Lazarus, Claridgc, Davis, and Birch.' 31 applicants wcro awarded aid by orders on stores) 18 in. kind from the institu tion. Aid in 10 cases . was discontinued or deferred, and two men were admitted. One application for admission was not entertained. One man was awarded a flannel .shirt. Re ports wore received from visiting committee, medical officer, superintendent, and collector. ;266> distributions wore made outdoor during tho week to families consisting of 297 adults and 112 children, and thoro aro in the insti tution ■ 182 males) 31 females, 3 lying-in patients, 2 infants—total, 218. .,, The Result of Drink.—A .cabdriver qapied. Coughlin yesterday.,fully demonstrated to Constables Barry j Jennings-and; Gough the mad strength which sometimes, possesses men suffering'from delirium tremens.’ Coughlin was looking after bis horse yesterday in tho .Arcade; Hotel .yard, when- ho suddenly foil down as if in a-fit. Ho was laid on some, straw, but could not ho. kept quiet, and ho kept on declaring that the manger was full of. all sorts of animals. Some men, seeing what .was the matter, took him to the watch-house.. Ho wont with them quietly, hut became _ very violent when locked up. The constables above named then decided to plaeo bim' in a straight jacket, but their united strength was hardly equal to tho. task. Ho . was. subsequently.re manded by Mr. Van Damme to tho lunacy ward of tho hospital. Danger of False Teeth.—A peculiar tragedy was very near being enacted at the City Watch-house yesterday. A woman, who refuses to give her name, was arrested during tho day for drunkenness and placed in a cel) in thb'ordinary'way. Some tirrto afterwards, Constable J. Riley, tho watch-house .keeper, heard a peculiar coughing sound, and going into the cell found the woman almost choked. She had been trying to take out her sot of false teeth, and bungled it so os to lot the lower row slip'down'her gullet. Constable Riley obtained tho assistance of Constable Davidson, and. between them they displayed such dontal skill as to release tho teeth from her throat. But for the promptitude of tho licoostabios the woman would undoubtedly have been suffocated. A Request by General Gourko.— Much uneasiness is’ felt, particularly on tho borders, with regard to the relations existing botwoeu' Russia and Germany. General Gotirko, the Russian, Military Governor of Warsaw, has rcqubstcd'tho Cznr'to give him permission, in ; the event of -wav,*-to expel all ) the citizens of Warsaw except.'50,000 out of a total popula- Ijqil qf 455)000. The Czar has, however, re fused the request*' Suspected Incendiarism at Shelbourne, i -70n ; 'Saturdriy ftip.rning last, .two largo stocks of firewood belonging to Mr. Geo. Nevendt, woodcarter of Sholbouruo, and situated near Ills residence, wore partly destroyed by fire. ■ Some 70 tons'of.wood wore consumed" before tho flames wore extinguished; As ’foot- marks wore observed near tho wood stacks, which had. evidently been fired at both ends, it was thought that it'was the work of. an incca diarist ' ,On Monday last two black' trackers arrived ih Bondigb frorp Dandohongin charge of'Constable Faulkner,' to 1 qn’dcaVor to, trace the offenders, but owing to- the showers of raiji' .bn the previous night they-; .wore un successful, and returned to' Melbourne the aanioafternoon, 'Flic loss qf;.the wood tolls owner Is. a severe one, os ho hkd stacked it fop oarBug-dpring. winter, , ; A'Shameful' Failure ; .op Justice, Crown Law'Dopartinoot has determined .not to proceed further WUh charges against G. N, Taylor, tho latb manager of the Land -Credit Bank, • who .was sentenced to two ; years’ • im pmdnnibnt bn 1 the! 1st inst. by Sir. Justice Hodges for having converted ,to.hik own use; two'promissory notes for.£6693, the property of the bank. A roport has beon furnished to tho Attorney-General on the subject, and it is to tho effect that tho whole -.of the facts and surcoabdlog circumstances cbfinootod with the case were laid ; before the court at the trial, and tho judge could, If bo had.ohooen, under tbo 156 th section of tho Crimea Act, under which tbo prosecution was laid, have given tho prisoner a sentence of seven ycara* imprisonment in g&ol.; It in understood that tho liquidators of tbo bank arc not prepared to formulate any farther charge against tbo prisoner, aud tho Attorney-General does not see that the Crown in bound to go any further, considering all tho cirounnitanses of tho ease. —Argus. A SuccESSKUi. Atioiiitbct.—At a mooting of tho subscribers to tbo Albury Mechanics Institute, a design for a now building was selected; 35 designs boing forwarded from all jarts of tbo colonics, and tbo subscribers bal otted. Tho plan of “ Perseverance” (Mr. Phillip A, Kennedy, of Oxford Chambers,, Melbourne), was selected by ouo vole over tho number obtained by “ Con Amorc,” Gor don and Gordon, Bourko and Wills Cham bers, Melbourne, tho voting being “ Per-, sevoraneoj” 25; “ Con Amove, ’’ 2d. Tho architect is bound down to construct a build ing at a cost not exceeding £2200. Mr. Ken nedy is n native of Bendigo, and learned tbo rudiments of his profession in tho oOlco of Mr. W. C. Vahland, and at tho Sandhurst School of Mines. Two brothel’s named Bowkett, selectors on Melrose Station, Condobolin (N.S.W.), wont out to shoot kangaroos last Monday night, when one of them shot tho other dead, mis taking him for a kangaroo. Mary Ann Fuller, aged 36, admitted to. tho hospital on January 27, died yesterday from gastritis. By advertisement Mr. Grimley, agent for the Pioneer Starr-howkott Sacluty, announces that bis office is closed to-dny, being St. Patrick's Day. The pay day will bo to-morrow, Mr. W. G. Bentley will sell, on Friday, April 8, tho Park Hotel, Eivglebawk; also Crown allotment 11, having a frontage of 99ft to Napier street. 