THE NOVELIST. LIST, YE LANDSMEN: A ROMANCE OF INCIDENT. Br w. Cuiek rcsseijl, irrnOEor "the wbeck or the geosvenoe." "as oceax teageov,- 'the feozes fleate." kc. V'-i.' mk II. ch.'.ftfn XV. HE wii.rt: watt:*:. Th'; Black Watch i.& l «ilf«- i threuril lilt L'v.v.n'; Hi>- ii,i'i'ii-"- <>i >ejitc-niiier, .'til l >>n :l»e morning o: Ik-o-nilier 12. 1*14, <he was apon ;li<? meridian of Caj« Horn. and in iirjut f. .en ~.uth hixccle. This ji- ssage. !>/; .-<> -; a v.ts a long "lie. It vas c* ing to weather between the 1 egress forty and fifty south. Upefives an-i I fe'-i.t-tinies say that the <}•;'. 11 uas often a*:oat in craft o! liis own v. iti.in thu'. oi ton dogrevs. llead o :n l'n.'ro n.a i it nii;? to the- roost angelic v'.i!. n,s more ptov.x-itise of impious and Hr.cn'.ng language. it Is not in the tmagi ot the most se-a.-or,e"! mariner to eon liut enough. We were on the Horn at last. 1 'sr Vo'csont M'oaid i^e h^ei.ting north j-rosentiv. atvi. wjj.-n oar ships tort-toot cut th;- R.T.'ii:iTi ntv.iu, tin? little fabric would hut'vo'ii-i she"' be deeper in the sater r.y \ oat •ir-i-Joii ot a strike":, with a caigo of minted -il.er! In i>14 roa;i. wa« mv'.» ot tn.e passage ot the Horn. Ti e ■ iit.g ot that i.>.*ak. sn j..~'.j*ai'5e. ••eeo-s-'-a'e.; n*.k was cec-piM. on Ivw >."as a', -.ns'.-i-r.i.l-.vlvetnur.o The . > ; :,vit u.'.cnt&iii-l.igti; s-sw ami gales of C"--.!'.:.ic tc:y stinive>i. 1 he tramc <.'>a n ti.- r- - .;.s -maH : the eo'.cniesof Xew Hofh.nd, w .-e still ra» its their making: and snipe !; for Fnrope from that distant continent h-se the miM but tedious passage oi the ; i. African headian-J. • «»!«» dread has tanished. Experience ho- to-.•-.eel prejudice <«« of rime. In furious \\.-a'iier the ocean oa* the Ilorn is as terrible ... ,t,e Xorth Atlantic, as the southern • as any vast breast of water is ;n fnr.oas v.eariier: and that is the l..ng and -a-, no: it. Oh. yes: oS the Horn you get -o-n.e monstrous seas, it is true. 1 have knv-r; what it is to !«e running oil the Horn :-re a westerly gale and to lie afraid— •o-a~:T.ed as I tii- n was—to tooL-a*t*mBut there is a safety in the mighty swing of those v.de Andean"heaps of brine which the \- .arp-r-edged surge oi the smaller ocean does li'.-t i ieliL '[:,o old freebooters and the early navi gators f.re responsible for the evil reputation id the Horn- They returned from the wonders of foreign sight- seeing, from the joys o: plunder and the delights of discovery, with their h-arts full oi astonishment and their mouths fall of lies. There is Shelvocke's >!"fe.;ription of the Horn : it is lieartrending r^-da.g e\en in these da .vs. The ice forms cfeon the page as you read : the atmosphere •latkens with snow. And what, on the testi mony of such a record, did Wappiirg think of ti^t distant, ice-girt, howling navigation, with its enchanted islands and bergs, wnose sj-ires seemed to pink the mi»n! What did W apping think when there was never a man in eyerj- company of a thousand jackets a lio i/a'i rounded the Horn and could tell of it i We. passing tlie Horn on December 12. j found the southern hetr.isphere's inidsummer there. We met. tor the most paT. n'hh bright skies, a ciieertul sun, not wanting in warmtii, coming srs'.n an l going late, and a noble held of swelling blue seas. One ice berg we sighted. It was infinitely remote—a joint of pearl on the sea-line. " She vhas like a Iwbe's milk-tooth."' said , Van Wol, oointiiig to it. 'i'here v.as a fancy of milk in the whitepffis of it: but. when I brought my ci csroom the distant Wrg to ltol's face, 1 said^gjBo inyse]f —•• What should thai man kjjMi a babe's Ciilk-toolh T Two d isappointments^Bfait those who sound tlie lioni withk^Spectations l.<re<l of the reading of ltooldlr First, the weather. < if ten is it as jil^ad as any <juiet «hiy tiiat sleeps over the Straits of Dover, w hen the sky is streaked with the lingering smoke of tanished steamers and the white cliffs of France hang in the air. So ; the weather off the Ilorn is not the everlasting saddle of the i Storm Fiend. The seas arc not always ladl ing, the hurricanes of wind are not always : black with frost, heavy with snow, man-; killing with ice-darts. j Next, the constellation cal'ed tlie Southern ! Cross. It hangs over you when you are off i the liorn; often have 1 looked up at it, and , never have I thought it beautiful. The; smallest of the gems of the English skies is a richer jewel than the .Southern Cross. A singular superstition is this wide- spread! faith in the beauty of the Crux of the ancient mariner. The stars are unequally set; one is disproportionately small. But now came a morning when we struck a meridian that enabled us to shift our helm for a northern passage, and then we had the whole length of tne mighty seaboard of \ South America to climb. We were in the j South Pacific at last. Tlie island was hard : upon three thousand miles distant; but it ] was over the bows—it was ahead! We had i turned the stormy corner, and the verifies-1 tion of Gteavea's yarn could be thought of as something that was about to happen soon. Day by day we climbed the parallels and all { went well. Certain stars sank behind the j edge of tlie sea astern of us, and as we sailed . northward many particular stars which were familiar to our northern eyes rose over the ! bows and wheeled in little arcs. We made ] some westing that we might give the land a j wide berth, for whether Great Britain_ was j or was not at war with Sjiain, the Spaniards I of that vast seaboard were scarcely less jea- j Jouelyand passionately tenacious in those days ! of their dominion in the South Sea and under | the line to beyond Panama than they were in ; the'preceding century; and though we could not .positively affirm that there was any tiling to l>e afraid of, anything curiously and sneak jngly dangerous to be shunned (if it were not Commodore Porter, whose ship the Essex wtl believed to lie prowling hereabouts at this Jime}. yet Greaves was determined to provide jus bad angel with the slenderest possible opportunity for delaying or arrest fngithe voyage to the island. ykept well out to the west, and fine " i oFot days we hardly touched '' * 3 growing daily le brig along. wV Many re _jfelnpers of that ^ northwards of the llrWM^verJoand H , ggpdiajty was . jppr counter, ' .Jr. wfev the tisp of the sunny canvas, soft the 1 cradled motivn <-i the ship. Once again the 'sii-.er flying-fish glance*! from the slope of ; the violet knoll*. Tire wet. black fin of a s shark hong steadfast in our wake. What a worM of w aters it was t Never the gleam of a ships ..v.nvas kt days and daj"s to break • the i «.«m»'t!ess continuity of the distant sea line. The men relaxed their labours, Yan • to.k n'. notice, and I. who was never a " itazer." was willing that tliey shoo hi lounge through their toil of the honrs inackuiate s'j enervating limt one yeamed to sling a hammock in s-me ool comer or the deck, to lie in *t all day. to smoke and doze, whilst the isiKig tiati-.n sli-ied away on the stream of the r.ppling music made by the broken waters and p-issed into the fairy harbours of rjjVrki l?ic " By this time to-morrow." said Greaves to me one evening, "if tisis breeze holds and our reckoning is trne, and the island lias no; I een exploded !>y a volcano or an earth quake. yon will 1-e having a goo-1 view of tire ship in the cave—no. 1 am wrong, a good view of her yon will not obtain from the sea. but yon will be having a good view of the cave in which she lies, and I shad! le very much surprised if yon are not mightily im pressed by the magnitude and beauty of that gmat hole or split in t lie rock, ami by the indescribable complicated atmosphere or shadow within, caused, as I long ago ex plained to yon. by the interlace ry of the ship s gear and spars, visible ami indeter minable."' Visible and indeterminable! Captain, yoa pot it as though it were some mystery ot r lig:on/' "" Do yon object. Fielding," said he. "to sailors, I mean quarter-deck sailors, express iiigthemsehesasedncated men would, nay, as a wroge gentlemen would? Are yon_for keep ing the quarter-deck sailor down to Smollett s platform of Hatchway and Trunnion ? Mast a> swear, must we drink, must we behave when ashore like lascivious ioboons and at sea like Newgate felons, who have harst through the iron bars and are sailing away for their lives, merely to justify the land going notion that the lest ui all sailors are the most brutal of all leasts." "" I beg your pardon,'* said I, " I meant nothing." " Visible and indeterminable. Are they not good words I Do they not exactly express what I want to convey to your mind? How der toy fell would yoa have me talk?" He looked at me and I looked at him. He then buret into a laugh, and we stepped the deck for a liitle while in silence. 'Ilie time was someniing after half-past seven. Thesuu was gone and night liad descended upon the sea. It was a tropic night. The dark sky was full of splendid brilliants. A mild air blew from die westward, and the brig, with iiertsro spires of canvas lifting pale to the stars, dreamily floated over the black water that here andthereshone withalittleclondof sea-tire, :.s though some luminous jelly-fish was riding past, whilst here and there it caught and leathered back the flash of some large star, whose silver in a dea l calm would have made an almost moon-1 ike wake. Galloon marched by our side. Jimmy forward, with a pipe in,his mouth, lay leaning over the wind less and gazing ait, seemingly at the shadowy ions of the dog, as though he hoped to coax the brute that way by persistent staring and wishing. The men. in twos and threes, trudged the forecastle. So still was die even ing, so seldom the flap of canvas, so unvexing to the hearing the summer sound of the water lightly washing into the farrow of bubbles and foam-bells astern, that the voices of the men fell distinctly upon the ear; by hearkening one might have canght the syllables of their speech. It had gone forward—takeu||^fe by Yan Hoi, or whispered by tl^^tmmr, who by listening to the an(- me 38 we dis coursed at thejjdpntable at meals, would be able to piclyvnews enough to repeat; it had gone foru^lBy I say, tiiat, the weather hold ing lu^jnras, and all continuing well, hysome hogimext day we should be having the island llThe bow or lieam, perhaps hove to off it, r with an anchor down. Expectation was strong in the men's voices. It was the very night for their tiute or fiddle, for "Tom Tough," or "Britons, Strike Home I" or for some boisterous Dutch song in Yan Bobs thunder, for Call's larop-blacked Jack Puddingisms, for Teach's hornpipe, for general caper<-utting—in a word, with a van of grog betwixt the knight-heads, and the fumes of mundungus strong in the buek- dmughts. ■ But the humour of the sailors this night was ' to walk up and down the deck in twos and threes, and to talk of to-morrow and of dollars. i " If La Perfect Casada—a fine-sounding ; name, by the way. Captain," said I, " what is ; the English of it?" " The Perfect Wife." " The Spaniards," said I, " choose 6trange names for their ships. They have many Holy Virgins and Purest Marias at sea. I ; knew a Spanish ship that was called the Holy Ghost. Figure an English vessel so called. She meets another English vessel, j and hails her: ' Ship ahoy!' ' Hallo ' What j ship's that V ' The Holy Ghost.' There is a ; looseness in this sort of naming that is not I very pleasing to Protestant prejudice. 1 J asked the mate of the Holy Ghost, ' Why is \ your ship thus named f ' 'That she may not ' sink,' he answered. ' Hell lies downwards. ' If the Holy Ghost goes anywhere, 'tis up | wards.'" " You are in a talkative humour this even ing." " Well, it is like lieing homeward bound when the end of the outward passage is within haii." " What were yon going to say about the Casada f " I have never clearly gathered—supposing her to be still lying in tiiat cave where yon saw her " " She is still lying in that care where I saw her," he interrupted, repeating my words in a strong voice. 4' I have never clearly gathered," I con tinued t '" vrhetjier it is your intention to tranship heycargo—I mean the cocoa and wool f, " I cannot make up my mind whether or not to he, and so because I have notbeen able to form an intention you have not been able to gather, ohefrom onrconvereation, The weather will advi6e ine, .31ien I shaU want to kudw'the condition of the cargo. The wool, cocoa, and bides in the hair may not be worth lifting out of a hold that has been aground in a cave since 1810. Hut there are a thousand quintals of tin and there are some casks of tortoise-shell—we shall see, we shall see." " Mynheer Tulp," said I, " will, no doubt, be able to, find room for all that you can carry home." "Room and a market Bat I am here for dollars. I believe 1 shall not meddle with the other stuff. WJl ta^bip as fa# as the instan t with admiring the effect of a flash of lightning in tire';sotsth-wesb --e clear and lovely blaze ofvioletwhicbtbrew out the J [to drink a glass«t" cold grog before tum:i>2' i in. '.»rea**s Iiad brought the chart <>i this i ; part of the American eo&st; out of his j ; cabin. and are sat together conversing and , j looking at it. At intervals J rras sensible o!, i the burly lieu re of Yan Ho! pausing near the opr" skylight, under which we sat. to peer j down stni to listen. Bat ti;w was nothing Greaves desired to wjthbchi from the crew. : f nothing be ras not trilling that any man of them should overbear,if it were not. perhaps, i the raise of the money on basr-I the t'asada : ■ though even their overhearing of this must' l«e a matter of indifference, since they were' bound to form an opinion of their own of the contents and value of the cases of. dollars when they came to handle them. ; Greaves had marked down upon the chart the position of the island in accordance with . his observations when he hove to off it and sighted the ship in the cave on his war to Guayaquil. The position of the brig by dead ; reckoning since noon brought us. at this hour of eight, within twenty leagues of the spot, and. therefore, supposing Greaves s olservs-' tt->ns to have been correct, and supposing that ■ the weak wind that was flapping us onwards continued to blow throughout the night, we had good reason to hope that the bright ■ morning light would give us a view of the tall heap of cinder cliffs before another twelve. ; hours should have gone roan !. t Greaves was making certain calculations * itlt a pencil on a sheet of paper, ami 1, with . a jtatrc<i compasses, was measuring Uie dis-; tance of the island from the mainland, when we were startled by tl»e roaring voice of Van . ]>©). whose full face was thrust into the open I skylight. ; ^ *" for der love of Coti, captain, greom 0:1, deck and see vhat vhas wrong! I't-r seal vhas or. tire, yuiek ! or ve vhas all burnt I up." _ "Bhat d«ys he say T' crinl Greaves. who had be^-n unanle to promptly disengage his attention from his calculations. " 1 " He says that the sea is on !;re. and that: we shall all be burnt up," I exclaimed. pick . run my cap: and, in a moment, we were! itch on deck. " L*er s>*a vhas on fire !"* thundered Van Ik>! as we stepped through the hatch. j 1 looked ahead over the l>ows of the brig.' and the sea all tltat way was splendid and 1 ; terrible with light. I call it light, but light : it was *©', unless tliat be light which is made : by snow in darkness. It was a wonderful ; whiteness that seemed a sort of bre. It : blended the junction of sea and sky into 0 1 wide and ghastly glare, ami the light ot the j | white water rolled upwards into the sky as ; the clearly-delined edge of the milky surface j advanced, as you see a blue edge of breeze sweeping over a silver surface of dead calm.: | Hie sea where thebrig was sailing was black. : ■ as it had been liefore we went below, ami in I the deep, soft, indigo dusk over our mast headstlrestars wereshining: hut the sparkling ■ of the luminaries languished over our fore ; yanlanns, and it was easy to guess that, if ; the coming whiteness spread, tiie sky and all j that was shining in it would )*> hidden. I "Captain," cried Bol, "vhat, in her good 2 rich el's name, vfias she?" | "A star lias fallen." answered Greaves, j "and is shining at the bottom of the sea." I ".Istar! Vhat, a star from der sky?" ! " Where do stars grow V said Greaves, j " i>o you mean a shooting star, captain i" ' ' cried Bol. i "fan Bol," said Greaves, nudging me as j we stood side by side: "you have much to ; learn. Do not you know that the stats are : often failing? They drop into other worlds! i than ours. Sometimes titer plump introour; j earth, fizz into the sea, and lie 011 the ooze, i > shilling for a while and making queer lights : | upon the water, like that yonder." ! i Bo! breathed deeply. He could read,! ; indeed: but he was as ignorant, prejudiced, : and grossly superstitious as tuost forecastle, : bands in his day—titter for tbe faiths of a . J inn than a Hollander. He stared at the ud 1 vancing whiteness, and seemed not 10 know ; what to make of the captain's discourse. I j "Ves," continued Greaves, "theyare fre ! quently falling. They are the stars which were loosed in tbe pavement of heaven wlien the ; angels fell. There should lie many more ' •: 6tars tlum there are. Unhappily, when ! | Lucifer was hurled over the battlements he I swept away a number of stars with liis tail j 1 and loosened many more, and it is those •' j which drop." - • "Iter 10}fell!" muttered Bob "Von lifsl \ und lams." | " It is a wonderful sight," said I. gazing i j with astonishment, not wholly unmixed, at j j the mighty sheet of whiteness that was j coming along. Already on high t!»e verge of the startling tuilky reflection rag over our fore-royal mast-i head. You might look straight un now and see 110 stars. The line of the flaring white ness upon the sea was a little more than a mile distant. The wind blew softly, and before it the ling floated onwards, meeting the coming whiteness with an occasional hap of canvas that fell upon the ear like a note of alarm from aloft. " Did you never before see the white water, i Fielding?" exclaimed Greaves, j "Never; sir."* 1 "I have sailed through it three times,' I said he. "Once off Natal, once in Indian ■ and once in China seas. I did not know it I was to be met with on this side the world; j but everything is probable and possible at j sea. I tell yon what, Bol," he exclaimed, j calling across to the Dutchman, who had gone to the side to stare, and was holding on to a shroud, or backstay, with his big Irody painted black as ink against the whiteness that was coming along, T,1 believe I am mis taken, after ail. it Is not a star; it is an insect" " 1 likes to handle dot insect I likes her in dcr forecastleloreod by und light my pipe by," said Bol, with a coarse, heavy, uneasy laugh, tltat sounded like the bray of an " It is a sub-globular insecf," said Greaves, nudging roe again, " compressed vertically, convex above, concave beneath, wrapped in a tramparentcoreaeeoBsenvelope.contaming a white, gelatinous substance. Repeat that to the men, Bol, will you, should tbe whiteness make thero uneasy. Very few sailors," said he, addressing roe, and talking without ap pearing in the least degree sensible of the wonderful and warming milk-white light that was now almost upon us, " take the trouble to. scientifically examine what passes under their ncwes. What, for example, is more often under a sailor's nose that) bilge waterl.-^^flili'Jia^per once asked me what I told him it was salpbnretteff'efiydijggen, -hydro-sulphate of ammonia, oxide of iron, and compounds of lead and sine. 'Jubub,' said be, 'and is that hoyryou spell shrink in English f'• As be spoke the brig, with a long-drawn line, tujd in an insfmrtwas Imthed^incite nnrarthl/Jigbt We had not been aWeto see cach^iwr tlwwbaore, Now- the^ety expression of countenance was visible. The whole body of the brig was revealed as though by the light -oV toe moon, and the gbastJmess of tbe light lay in its making no ishadow. Tbe eeflmen stood staring and & I*y at tlicit {cel. no shallow stretched from thefootof the mast; I looked down, the planks lay plain, the scams clear, hat I made no shadow. Xor did this magic iight mirror itself. 1 glanced at the polished brass piece aft. hut no star of reflection burnt in it, no gleam lay upon the cabin skylight It was light and yet it was not light, and the wonder o: it and perhaps the tearfulness of it to me, who had never beheld such a sight before, lay in -*Anb And now, by this time, the whole sea was as though covered with snow or milk as far as we could extend the gare. The sky re tiected the light and the stars were eclipsed, but the reflection on high liad not the glare of the ocean surface. I went to the side and peered over: the brig seemed to be thrusting through an ocean of quicksilver. The water broke thickly aud sluggishly in small heaps from the "bows, and the patches, as they came odd* nig aft, were like clots of cream. The sensation induced by the progress of the vessel was as though she were forcing tier way through a dense jelly. The slight heave of the sea was flattened : there was not the least \ is:hie motion in this surface of white ness : tiie brig stood upright on it and the swing of the trucks would uot have spanned the diameter of the moon. There was no lire in the water, no corruscations of sea glow, no green gleam of phosphor. To the very "e of the horizon went sheeting this mar vellous Ireast of milk-white softness that, though it was not luminous, yet flung an il lumination as of the radiance of a faint aurora borealis upon the heavens. *" This is a beautiful sight," exclaimed Greaves. •"It will be a memorable one" I answered, i haw never before," said he, " seen the white water so white, bat the like of this phenomenon which 1 witnessed off the coast of Natal was heightened and beautified by a strange light in the heavens to the north war i. It was a delicate, rosy light. I should have imagined it was the moon rising had not the moon been up." "I'm 1 understand." said I, "that this sublime light is produced by a marine insect V ")f> nothing more nor less—so'tis said. It is t'ne marine ins»"ct that will sometimes give you an ocean of blood, and sometimes an ocean of excaisite violet, and sometimes, as 1 have heard, though it is something rare to witness, an ocean of ink." "An insect:" Iexclaimed. "Andhow many go to this show?' " Git, for a shipload of infidels now!™ cried he. " L>'ye see them looking np to G<«1 after gazing, wiiite as the water it-self, at the <_«oes» t i By this time the watch below hail turned j oat, moused, no doubt, by one of the sailors ( on <!ut>. The nie:: in a body had gradually j worked their way from the forecastle to the ! gangway, 'lliev were nil as plainly to be' viewed as by tlie sickly light of a toggy day. j No man spoke : not for a minute after minute j did the grunt or growl of any one of their j hurricane throats reach my ears. The wild , vast scene of whiteness terri!ie<| thent. Tlie ; impression produced was the deeper because this was the night before the day that was to heave tjteaves's island out of the sea for our sight to feast on. For let it be rempndieredat least thai the ad venture we wereon was highly romantic: the p'aiit, illiterate Jacks would-: find something almost magical, something a little out of nature, according to their scuttle butt and harness- cask views of life, iu Greaves's discovery of an uncharted island, with a ship lull of dollars in a hole in it. Also I in these seas stood the Galapagos, islands of ■ mystery and darkness whose dusky rocks had : not width enough of front to receive from the ! chisel or the knife the records of tne bloody ■ and diabolic tragedies of which they had been J the theatre. j A man stepped out of the group; he; coughed hoarsely and spat. His hand went j to his forehead, and he scraped tlie sea-bow ' of those times. '"Capt'n. I beg your honour's pardon," he ; said. " us men would like to know what sea ■ this here is?" ! " The Smith Pacific—always the South j Pacific," answered G'reaves. " Will your honour tell us what's the mean- j ing of this here chalkiness~f' | " My lads, some clumsy son of a gun has ! capsized a milk-can. Look for liis ship, my 1 hearts; site can't be far off." Some of the men stupidly gazed seawards. ] " Viias der island vashed by (lis tnilkiness, j captain T exclaimed Wirtz. | " It stands in the bluest sea in the world," : answereil Creates. | '"i bis here's a siglit," said Travers, "that j may be ail blooming fine to read about, but i tain't lucky, to iny ways of thinking. Gitei me natur, says I." i He did not use tlie word bloomim. This i elegant expression was not to be heard hi 1 those days ; but let it stand. j " Has none of you ever seen such a sight as this l»efore T called Greaves. After a pause, " Ne'er a man," answered ] Teach. "Then gaze your eyes full! drink your hearts fall! Never again may yon behold the like of this field ot glory. Look thirstily! look till ye burst with the beauty that'll come into you by looking! Fear not,, my sous—we shall be out of it all too soon. Gaze, mylivclies, and silver your souls with thiB brightness as it silvers your cheeks. Ikil, out whistle and pipe grog that we may watch I with enjoyment." ] Bo! blew. Jimmy, with Galloon at liisj heels, arrived with the can; the tot measure was dipped into the black liquor, lifted and emptitAl, and tlie dram seemed to give even man heart enough to look about hiin with common curiosity. One of the fellows fetched a bucket, dropped it over the side, and hauled it up lull. 1 drew close. It was as though a pail of cream liad heen handed aboard. I put my finger Into the whiteness. It was as thin as salt water, nothing gluey or cheesy about it, tiiougli from thebows tlie white ness roiled away from the tending slide of the cutwater as fhi^lvnndoharinately as melted ore, and astern tlyere was ho wdke; it might have been oil. ; i For an hour we sailed throngh this sea of: cream and under a dimmer sky Ofwhite. Bald ond ghpstly was that passage rendered by the isbidbtidta^ soils swelled dark against tlie paleness \ so clear wftstheuucing oftlie fabric of mast and can vas against Uie sky, that Hie course of so delicate* t^ ak t^ you topgalla&ti;*i$ft^ a twughsflaiostaftanseLGreaves came to a stand opposite roe and looked roe lu the face. ' "Yoa make me think of my dreams of the dead," said be; " the dead are always pale when they come to me in dreams. Most people who dream of the dead dream of litem as they remember them in life. There-is light in the eye, and colour on the cheek. They al ways rise before pale iiom their inspiriting talk, capfaiti," said i, "W sh a momentlj BufcT nope I lookno more t chance of beholding each a light aa this • tbs. ; is the «ort of light through which- 1 wimi i : paint the Phantom Ship Bailing. Figure tW ! wondrous ghost out upon those white water* i the pallid faces of her men, to whom death ;J denied, looking over her Bide at the white ! sky, every timber in her glowing with the : jewellery of rottenness—you know what I • mean—the green phosphoric sparkling of decay. Cannot yon see her out ronder : dully gleaming with dim green crawling of tire as she steals noiselessly through" th'm frothy softness, the hush of living death i upon her, the silence of catalepsy * jw i what is the name of the painter. 1 should ! like to know, who is going to give us this j light upon canvas? Oh, tell me his name ; Fielding, that I may offer him atl the ducats ! I hope to be in sight of to morrow for his i secret" " Less my whack." "Less yours. But mine, plus Tuln's Damn Tulp; I'll drink his health." He 'called to Jimmy: "Two glasses of trandy i and water, three finger-nips, James." | The liquor was brought, we chinked glasses i and down went the doses, to the benefit of i one of ns certainly; for I had not liked his S talk of tny looking like a dead man, and I113 ! fancies of the I'iiantom Ship with her crawlings of fire and cheese-like faces over hanging the side. Jack, if you are readiif : this, bear with me. I was a sailor, and, as a | sailor, i/gh will know that I would not reilsh i such talk at such a tune, i On a sudden the wind slightly freshened. ; with a melancholy cry, across the white \- water, and, as if by magic, the sea ahead ; opened black, with a few stars hovering over ' it. Some minutes later, the northern edge ' of the milky surface came streaming to our I bows, and swept past us as though 'twas the • edge of a mighty white sheet dragged by giant I hands down in the south over the surface of 1 the ocean. I watched the marvellous ap > pea ranee receding astern, the sky un veiling : its stars, as the whiteness dimmed away, till it was pure nature once again, the heat ens ; shining, the swell coming into the ocean with : its long and lazy lift of the brig, the pleasant i hiss of foam under the bow, and a little i dance of jewels iu the farrow astern. It was my watch below, and 1 went to my ' cabin. 