THE ESSAYIST. Leaf-Lore. In the days of our youth, when we went (in a ta^lk-d cap and nankeen pantaloons) -with papa -'..,1 mamma to Fee the Queen open the exhibition in Hyde Park, and when Pepper was terrifying r!,.. juvenile town with his ghosts at the Old Royal Poivrf'cimic. before cheap primers aud the popu L'lrisition of knowledge, the dry-as-dust science t},,-if was doled out to us a la Mr. Barlow was ahvavs primly put, and often inaccurate. One of tli,. (-hi«'f articles in the science credo of that ? i ,.1.,^i£f-rl fill lindips info tliren icinovJmiiK — animal, vegetable, and mineral — and the aphorism ,-f Linnaeus. ' Stones grow, plants grow and live, wiiijuals prow, live, and feel,' was considered a very neat aud satisfactory summary. Now we tniiu- that there are in reality only two kingdoms in Nature— the living or organic, the unliving or iuoi -irnn'v — also that no such sharp distinction ran I* drawn between plants and animals. ' Vast numbers of animals,' says a scientist, 'are ile-titiife of the power of locomotion, so that, for iu-tau--e. corals were unhesitatingly referred to the vi'sretable kingdom until about a century ago : while 'diatoms, and many embryonic algae and iinifri. which possess marked powers of locomotion, would thus require to be ranked as animals. Nor is sensibility a purely animal characteristic, the well-known sensitive plant, the sundew and Venus's flytrap, exhibiting it in the most marked dcirree.' Microscopic analysis has taught us that ?? the physical basis of life ' is the nucleated iirst suljstanre protoplasm, the laboratory of tissue into whvh streams of food- matter and energy pass, be comiufr incorporated in the living capital, by whieh work is done and from which waste is given off, the organism continuing throughout this balanced process relatively intact. Huxley believes all livintr forms to be fundamentally of one character and all motion to be the result of molecular chants, and it would seem that the distinction between vegetable and animal protoplasm is that plains manufacture it from mineral compounds, wh'ereas animals procure it ready-made from plants, which are the accumulators of the power distributed and dispersed by animals. Midway between plants and animals is what has been described as a 'biological no-man's-laud,' in habited by forms of life which, in their defiance of formal classification, have so stimulated investi gation that we probably owe to them the discovery that vegetable shares with animal protoplasm the property of contractility. Familiar as we are with the contractile character of the muscle of men and other animals, which we see moving freely about, it is travelling a very long way from Mr. Barlow to realise that plants, which seem so helplessly rooted to one place, also have activities— breathing, growing, of reproduction, definite movements, sometimes even those of loco motion—executed by what may conveniently be termed vegetable muscle, which contracts under exciting stimuli ; and further to realise that, if protoplasm is the structural unit of every living buck, such a body being in its earliest state merely a multiple of such units, and in a more highly organised condition a multiple of such units variously modified, that the physical basis of the lift1 of a microscopic fuDgus is identical witli that of a Huxley or a Darwin ! What then becomes uf our three kingdoms ': It is somewhat diverting to look back on the complaisant manner in which man, swelling with proprietary pride, has ignorantly assumed that his fellow tenants of the earth were 'created' 1o minister to his pleasure aud convenience — fruits for his delectation, bright flowers and plumage to please his lordly eye. song-birds for promenade 'owerts in his woodland, aud so forth. It has been the dutj' of evolutionary science to shatter ihis illusion, to ridicule the usurpations of the poet, painter, aud divine, and show that the humblest worm, the faintest trace of lichen on a rock, lias as definite a place and purpose in the great scheme as man himself. In an introduction to the study of elementary physiology, Mrs. Fen v;ick Miller explains 'tissue'* — the word whose varied use is so puzzling to young students — as 'the stuff of which an organ is made,' and in the observation of any leaf we have not only an example of the development of cellular tissue, or protoplasms, but an opportunity of witnessing, under the micro scope, the iidiereut movement which is the basis of the organised activities of insectivorous and cer tain other plants. Every part of a plant that is not stem is leaf — flowers are only diverted leaves, in which the green-coiourinjr matter, di lorophyll, is replaced by the more conspicuous pigments required for the attraction of fertilising insects — and leaf form modifies in correspondence with new functions, necessitated by altered cir cumstances. Thus, the leaves of ferns are highly compound, in order to catch all the broken sun beams which have not been intercepted by taller plants, and to cast as little shadow as possible upon one another. The leaves of aquatic plants, such as the water-lily, float largely expanded, so as to maintain their position, aud absorb the [maximum of light, while plants which grow in dry sandy regions become succulent, storing up water and protecting it from evaporation by a thickened skin. Where the plant is a climber, the leaf, or part of it, may be modified into a tendril, in legumes into a pod, in insect devourers it may be converted intoa flytrap, or ' in the very highly specialised nepenthes we may have the base of the leaf of ordinary form and junction, the middle twining as a tendril, and the dp hollowed and enlarged into a complicated pitcher.' No less interesting are the modifications required for protection, as when herbivorous mammals are wamed off by the conversion of leaf-tips into thorns, by the production of stinging hairs or the development of bitter or acrid secretions, or when ants have to be guarded against by a hairy or glandular epidermis. In a. section of plant tissue. — the needle of a nettle, a joint of grass, or the blade of a leaf proper — under the lens may be watched the local circulation of the protoplasm, the movement and progression of the cells, or 'fibro- vascular bundles,' which incessantly pursue a definite course. The powerful current of this internal circulation of plant-life has been vividly pictured by Huxley, who adds, 'the wonderful noonday silence of a tropical forest is, after all. due only to the duluess of our hearing : and could our ears catch the murmur of these tiuj maelstroms, as they whirl in the innumerable myriads of living ceils which constitute each tree, we should be stunned as with the roar of a great city.' The existence of this inherent force once comprehended, we cease to be surprised that in the struggle for survival plants should evolve j special applications of contractile energy, of which some of the most striking examples yet remarked are the sensitive plant, whose familiar shrinking i6 the effect of either light deprivation or contact, and which affords so good an illustra tion of the sleeping and wakiu-r of plants ; the tenaciously turning stem of the hop : the mimulus, the lamella? of whose stigma close together upon I irritation : the barberry, whose .stamens move iu ! ward so as to dust the insect visitor with pollen ; the root-stock transitions of some grasses and ferns, the spreading rhezonies of bulbous buds : and those among the nearly 0O11 species of in sectivorous plants which exhibit, in addition to sensitiveness and digestive power, distinct move ments in helping to secure the insects. The common butterwort, which grows, slightly rooted, on marshy ground, attracts its prey, midges, by its beautiful violet colour and by a fungus-like odour. Its leaves are covered with :i copious, vicid, acrid secretion, which acts as ' insect lime,' and not only holds fast the victim, but helps to digest him. Drops of rain or j-articles of grit fall unheeded on the leaf, but directly the smallest insect alights the fatal secretion flows, and the margins of the leaves slowly curl inwards, imprisoning the booty, exposing it to more glands and moving it nearer the centre. ? ? After digestion the results aud the surplus exudation are absorbed, leaving finally the undigested skin of the iusect on the more or k'Ks dry leaf surface.' The attractive little sun dew, whose red hairs glisten with moisture, is another carnivorous weed, which first besmears its victim, and then closes its hundred tentacles iu upon him, looking like a closed fist. If the prey be too big for one leaf, as a dragon-fly would be, several adjacent leaves combine to capture him. The sensitiveness of a sundew hair is such that it will repond to a millionth of a grain of stimulat ing nitrogenous matter, although a drop of rain or any irritant particle merely produces increased secretion. But Venus's flytrap, called by Lin ntfus tbe miracle of Nature, exhibits a still more elaborately-planned snare, and is the climax of the order Droseracete, to which the sundew belongs. Its leaf, about 4in. in length, and divided into two halves by the midrib, possesses a power resembling that of an automatic closing spring. Round the outer margin of each half are from 12 to 20 long teeth, and when the halves close upward and inward from the midrib, the teeth interlock in rat-trap fashion. Down the centre of the leaf are a number of rosy-coloured digestive glands, aud on each half of the blade three highly sensitive hairs, pro jecting obliquely, which bend flat on a basal- joint when a leaf closes. When one of these hairs is excited by contact with an iusoct, the blade shuts up in about 10 seconds, and if the pray is enclosed the glands secrete profusely. Digestion goes ou for a length of time determined by the size of the booty, perhaps a week or a fort night, and not until it is completed does the leaf re-open. In this process, so much more divided and complex than in the sundew, the teeth, the hairs, and the glands have separate functions, the muscular action is rapid and definite, and Burdou Sanderson claims to have detected electric currents similar to those observed in the ueuro-nnis.cular activity of animals, a new point of departure in physiology ou a line from which we may look for remarkable developments in the future. G. 