f QFArP.AOT CELL (rno3T OUR ow conncSPONDEncT.) A OTHERc meeting of shareholders and person interested in the Creamery at Spring Valley, was held in the local school last week. Mr. J. Evans occupied the chair. The business before the meeting was the election of collectors, and Messts. G. H. and J. J. Evans were duly elected. Messrs. J. Evans and H. G. Carver were appointed to act in the capacity of general treasurers, all monies due to be paid in by the 29th inst. Mr. E. S. Purcell, as representative of the Yea Company, explained that the Creamery would not be erected this season. If the Creamery is ready to receive milk early next Spring, there is no doubt but what it will receive the support of all the farmers in Spring Valley. Considerable excitement was caused in the district when it became known that a bush fire was destroying the grass and fences of Messrs. Doherty and Ferguson. After being watched carefully for three days, it gave up the ghost. Fortunately, the damage done was not very great SThe enemy, la grippe, has again broken out in our midst. During last week a peculiar case came under my notice. A two-year-old steer, the property of Mr. Hilliear, was noticed stand ing by himself. The owner thinking some thing must be wrong, approached the animal, which did not attempt to move. Upon examination it was found that a stake, an inch in diameter, and 14 inches long, had entered its flank, and penetrated the paunch. The stake, which had the appear ance of being in several days, was very difficult to remove. The owner informs me the steer is doing well How he lived through such an experience is a mystery. The weather during the last 8 or 10 days has been very threatening, but no rain has fallen. Water is getting scarce in the gullies, and rain is urgently required. The cricket match, Non- smokers v. Smokers, resulted in a tie in the first innings. At the second attempt the "lovers of the weed" scored 34, leaving their op ponents 35 to win, and 15 minutes to do it in. Hilliear and Craig, who scored at a terrible rate, made 16 off the first over. The Non-smokers eventually won by nine wickets and 4 runs, within the limit of time. 