MISCELLANY Watching Three Years by a Mother's Grave. A conUEsroxDEXT of a Shanghai journal writing from Kinkinng, on tlio Ynngtso, mentions tlmt ho hns scon a sight which is not ofton soon ovon iu China. This is a man who hns tnkon a vow to watch throo 'onrs at his mothor's grave. Tho lady diod nt tho ond of year and wns buried, as usual, on the sido'of a neighbouring bill in the family burying placo. when tho remains had been consigned to tho earth tho son declared that ho would not loavo tho gravo for throo yoars, and so far has boon truo to his word. Tho noigbbours took upon themselves tho responsibility of providing for his wnuts . and a subscription-list was started, ton piculs f 1331b.. each) of rico being contributed b bis relations nnd thoso who know him. Families tako turns in preparing his food and bringing it to him. Uthors brought straw and polos nnd inudo a rudo hut for him largo ouough to coutain him self and tho gravo of his mothor. Tho writer saw him whou ho had already boon at bis self-appointed task nonrly 8ovon months ana says ho will not soon forgot tho sight and smoll. Around tho hui thoro woro throo woll- kopt graves, thoso of his fathor, brothor, aud wifo,'and inside that of his mothor. During tho throo yoars of his vigil ho docs not wash himself, tho straw upon which he lies is not roinovcd, ho doos not ohango his clothos till tho timo lias oxpired, ho'docs not como out of littlo placo for any oauso whatever, ho speaks to none, oxcopt, perhaps, occa sionally, and tlion only oriofiy, to his noarost relatives. Ho sponds tho timo muttering prayors and burning inconso nt tho liond of tho tomb, along tho lougth of which ho is strotchod. Tho hut is not high onough to allow him to stand upright and is only a fow foot longer than himself., "Ono can faintly imagino tho foulness of such a don and the condition of an unshorn human boing after buoU an oxistonco ; what ho will bo liko at tho ond of tho suuunor I cannot conooivo. It doos not soom' possiblo that a man should bo able tolivo through throo years of such horrors— nono but a Chinaman could do it." If ho survives tho throo years ho' will bo highly honoured, tbo officials will go in stato and rccoivo liim nnd roport tho shatter to' tho Throno, and ho will rocoivo from tho Emporor's hands a board containing four characters lauding bis virtue. Ho may also recoivo somo small official proformont and will thus bo woll pro- vi/lml -fni Thn Tinfrlvna nnv Hint. although he is alono on the hillsido among tho , graves, no ghosts or dovilB will interfere with him aud poisonous snakos will not como nonr him. Somo of tho pooplo wero not qui to euro what his motives wero ; somo said, signifi cantly, that ho know what ho was doing — thoro, was not very much to do, and at tho .ond of throo yoars lying at tho gravo, being fed by Iub friends, ho would likely enough find a comfort- ablo support for tho rost of his natural lifo. 