PEEPS INTO PAPERS AND \- BOOKS. THE HAMEST OF A READER'S GLEANINGS. Nnm dH any «o«d do good, but it came readier to do the mine again, with more enjoyment. Never was love, or gratitude, or bounty ptac:iaed hot with increasing joy, which mad in lore with the fair act. e the'practiscr still more -Binftcdixry. H* who fredy praises what he means tc purchase, Mid he who enumerates the faults of what he meaiu to sell, may eet op a partnership with tnnesty.— LmtUr. XDCBOBS or TUB TtLECKAPH.—" It WAS tvo o'clock when I reached borne,"* he said. " My wife laet me at the door. I saw at once that she was very angry. She handed uie a telegram and asked freczingly: * What is the meaning of this? * I said: " Why, my dear, what's wrong? That is probably tlie message I sent you in the afternoon..' ' It is.' she answered. •Please read it aad explain." I read it. To my astonishment it said: ' Shall dine with Kitty Smith, an old gal of mine, who has just returned from the Continent. Will be late- Don't wail for we. "I wouldn't wsil for the beet man that ever lived,' said niy wife, and she began to cry. ' I realised at once what bad happened, and began to laugh. I couldn't help it- Why,' I Hid, 'this message has been botched. I wrote so each etnff as that* 'TVbat did yon write thai?' die demanded, Then I told her that what I had really written was: 'Shall dine with Biily Smith, an old pal of mine, who has just returned from the Continent Will be late. Don't wait for me.' Those operators had butchered it. I've got the original message. In view of tbe circumstances the manager of the telegraph office consented to lend it tic me. My wife was pretty well satisfied, but I wanted to coarimx bnr atwuiyaly. ATtei this I ahzii endeavour to write plainer, and I shall certainly avoid the use of words."—-A lynching was nearly precipitated by the error of a Kansas operator eome'time ago. It was only averted by the discovery that there was no one to lynch. A young farmer was called away from home for a few da; s. His wife went to visit her brothers in a town near by during his absence. Tbe third day her hnsband telegraphed her: " Big ball, meet me at Wichita tonight." There was to be a dance and he wanted his wife to attend. This was a splendid opportunity for the imp of mischief who causes telegraphic " bulls." He tampered with the message, so that when the farmers-wife read it,it said: "BigBiflgot meat Wichita to-night." Her instant and very natnral conclusion was that her husband had either been captured or shot, or both, by a desperado named "Big Bill." Her brothers agreed with her, and tbe whole family and a number of neighbours, all heavily armed, took the firet train for Wichita to xgBcne the hosbond and baup " Big Bill." The hnstxujd was waiting calmly at (lie station for his wife. The Vigilance Committee demanded " Big Bill," and were not at all satisfied with the hnsband for standing there free and uninjured. The brothers criticised him serenely because he wasn't kidnapped, and announced that in their opinion he had been guilty of rank deception. A fight was prevented bv his wife's intervention and an explanation.—A gentleman in San Francisco learned an estimable lady in Los Angeles had suddenly lost, all her property and was in a condition of actual want. He telegraphed to a friend, a lawyer of Los Angeles: "Assist Mrs. immediately."' The word "assist" was changed to "arrerf," and the poor woman's misery was increased by a night in a prison celL IT s all very fine having a ready-made rich man, but mayhap hell be a ready-made fool; and it's no use filling four pocket fulTo" ruooey if vouVe got a hole in the comer. It'll do you no good to eit in a spring cart o your own, if you've got a soft todrire you j he'll soon turn you over into the ditch. I allays said I'd never marry a man as had got no brains ;for where's tlie use of a woman having brains of her own if she's tackled to a geek as eberybody's arlaughing at? She might as w back'ards on a donkey.— ell drees herself fine to sit George Eliot. HISTS TO PKEVKST Wism—When fad and food hare been procured, the next consideration is bow tbe latter may be best preserved. Much waste is often occasioned by the want of judgment or of necessary care in this particular. When tbe ahnosphex* is cool, clear, and dry, beef may be kept from four to ten days. Mutton will hang, under the s&me; circumstxnces, for a fortnight or threw weeks. Teal, lamb, and pork ought not to be kept mote than a day or two, at tbe maet- Game may be hung for two or three weeks; birds with the feathers on, or fowls, will keep for a week, turkeys for a fortnight; geese not, wore than eight days. In very cold weather, meat and vegetables touched by the fro?t eboold be brought into the kitchen early in the morning, and soaked in cold water. PESFTSES PKKVERT MbtTLDtxEss.—Monldincss is occasioned by the growth of vegetation. Ink, paste, leather, and seeds most frequently suffer by it. A dove will preserve ink, and any essential oil answers i the purpose as well. Leather may be kept free from mould by the same substance. Thus Bnssian leather, wluch is perfumed with the tar of birch, never becomes mouldy; indeed, it prevents it from occurring in other bodies. A few drops of any e£3enti&l; oil will leep books entirely free from it. For harness oil of turpentine is recommended. By the nee of small quantities of the oil of peppermint or c&esis; paste may be preserved for years. A few drops of the oil may be added when tbe paste is made. Moisture must be excluded as much as poesible, as the oils only prevent the effects of the mould. ' THE BISHOP'S GHOST.—A tale of the late Bishop Wilberforce. So many tales of him have been current, but I do not believe that this has ever before gone abroad. In early days be had a close friend, a school chum, a college companion; bat about the time young Wilberforce took orders these two bad a bitter and hopeless falling out. They never got over the disunion, and fell utterly apart. The cham became an extensive landowner, and was master of a charm* ing bouse in the south of England. Time passed on, snd he grew elderly. He thought of making his will. Being a great man. vat only his solicitor but the solici tor's son arrived on tbe 6cenefar tlie event. All three gentlemen were in the library, a long room, with many windows running down almost to the ground. Suddenly the young man present saw a gentleman go by the first of these windows. The elder lawyer raised his head as the figure went by the second opening. last of all the master of the house looked np. "Why, that is Wilberforce," he exclaimed. " How many years it is since we fell oat, and I dared him ever again to seek me out." So saying, be ran to the hall door to welcome hie guest, towards whom no bitter feeling now remained in hi? mind. Strange to say, tbe Bishop was not at the door, nor could he be found within the grounds. At tbe moment of his appearance be had fallen from his horse in this neighbourhood and had been instantly ? Argoey' BtJfos jv BCJIML_ IjB_ e tbe pj^^ "to lands Uncle TWellXrtbe Sadden death of Mr. St. < on maw Bootbern plantations. A ' Btowe*s was for a time collecting clcrk to » large mercantile house in New Orleans, and there met a planter who served for the character of Legree. Of him he note, after visiting his plantation, "He actually made me feel of his fist, which was like a blacksmith hammer or a nodal© of iron, telling me that it was * calloused with knocking down niggers.' When I left the plantation I drew a long breath, and felt as if I lad escaped from an ogre's den." Among planters it was a disputed point whether it was most paying to wwk " niggers " to death or to prolong their ma by fairly human* * ' " ' "'" " believed inUking (i^rl oatofniswrs^eTeiTif it'takd them" L, answer to the <,u^s to howlo^ S ^ ^ -Veil, dnnno; «Ab> m <heir st.^t frften> fast pe^ ^^. j B|s| 1_. ODW; ^ worked op in two or three I used to, wbei 1 fast begun, have considerable trowble fo«jn' with Vm and trying to make 'em hold ont, doctorin' on 'em op when they'e eiek, and givin' on 'em clothes aad bliwkiwts, aad what not, and trying to bap 'em all sort o' decent a«B comfortable. Law, twwsn't no sort of use; I loot money on 'em,and tms heaps o' trouble. Sow, you tee, I jest pnt 'an straight through, sick or wdL When as nigger's dead 1 boy another; and I find it comes cheaper and easier every way." Tbe barbarous treatment of tho •laves upon Legree's plantation is no owrinsa story of honor. U was a common tiring worn tfa* sugar plantations when grind ing CMmuienmdl for necros to wort night and day for three months, with CEIV short intervals for Also at tlw sagsrrolfing season tbe stares, in Xooisiaaa worked for - two or three moatfas, boEb night and day, scarcely' retiring to rat during the whole period. Hie tzagMaa fate of Uncle Tom upon Leave's plantation has too many times had iti parallel, which ntanv , living «iluoi» hare testified to Mrs. Stawe.— "Life. tf Rarritt Bmcia- Siowe, 7VU for Jfays mmi Gtris* i iyMn.SmAA.TMgf. 1 To die and know tint wbea men think ot von mo i imptratiqn wiB ariw. but only tbe memory of V»ar»b- 1 mm, or hatred, or falsehood, «r pttOesnesa—that \ mloee dhath tenOle. Se othciwiee. Let ywar works folbw^y^we^in^rn^ %teak fan Koss «o littie mjqy iaie aad are sadi bsudens to themsdrasasthaKs^have mAhiw to do. The ac^o^haine U>e t»s re&h; of life. HS «Ab knows not what %M tolabpw, knows wt whafe it is tocsijoT. Bocniad^ isoidyTalnatite aEit woiMids ws. M»eat> faw» aothiaaofit. Rteoatcttob^rt 