[?] ^fcMi^TlilK ! XII.-- (Continued.) The sun was shining gloriously ; the lake sparkled' with a thousand gems upon tlio dancing wavelets ; the yellow lar ches'shone' like burnished- gold against therdarfc -background of green firs ; the scanty leayes;:yeit remaining; on the oaks quivered with' dewdrops ; the air, after my 1 night's watching,, sbeuied- impreg nated with, aromatic scents.' Kathleen, standing beside me, sighed. The sigh recalled me to myself. ' i '.Beautiful, isn't it?' Isaid. ' Beau tiful exceedingly, and yet' we spoil it all.V .She sighed again imore deeply, and beckoned me into breakfast. The day passed in snatches of bliss shared with Kathleen,, and hours of gloom and de pression 'endured beside the s^^ I1 tried to keep up Kathleen's spirits, but my own forebodings were of the gloom iest. She reported that Tim was quite weHi'and;elated at the -prospect of ac conipanying..;me to ??America, and of wearing the new suit of clothes. Of course his'1 father's' 'illness was carefully concealed from him. He only knew that!' was- not -yet ready to start, ,and; kept urging Kathleen to allow of no further delay. It certainly seemed as if he wbre'indre. harmless than I had ex pected] and that the spring at my throat ?was intended only in self- defence, under ttei .influence, .of overwhelming fear, and impelled ' by the natural, brute instinct of self-preservation. And thus: again the night approached, and Kath leen and I separately ; withdrew to our self-appointed duties. It was a strange household brought together by the most improbable of circumstances, and bound by one common interest. I do not know what may have been Kathleen's medita tions^ but' as1 1-sat iii that 'lonely room, wtb/the sounds of. crumbling plaster or 'gnawing rats. alone breaking the silence, it seemed tb me as if my life had'- nar- rowed itself into compass of those four ?walls', and reduced me to one listening, ^nvisTis.brppding'self. . ?. How to find out the truth oil Myles's story of the murder .was the, one thing now that absorbed irie. I rose restlessly and; walked -about . the room,, fancying that perhaps !? .might ; stumble unwit tingly upon some .clue that would guide me in ray search. Myles. was apparently dbzingV v.I'do' not think He' had ever been entirely conscious of my presence, though in his delirious fancies he had repeatedly' clutched my arm, causing me considerable suffering, and leaving black and blue :m'avks -where the prints of rhis sinewy fingers and sharp nails had rested. I was quietly examining one of his guns ?i— theloblcof which- attracted my atten tion by some peculiarity of construction ' — when a sound from the bed startled me.' !, I looked up quickly. Myles was seated, watching me with terror depicted on his ghastly countenance. '. — (-Ha I not that,' he gasped-; 'don't touch it ; there's blood upon it !' Believing Him to be wandering, and fearing a fresh access of the violent de lirium, rfaictdown the giin and returned to his, side., He shrank away from me with signs of supreme aversion and dis like. _ , '! He i cannot be out of his mind,'-! thought ;.' He, remembers what. I. said to him yesterday, in tho. study, and re sents itatill.''.,; . ??????.????; ? ' . ?? ' Mr. Donovan,' I said quietly, ' do you feel better?'' '' ?''!{' 'Don't come, near me — don't touch me !' he cried fiercely, rolling the bed clothes round him into a kind of ball, and drawing up his legs till he resembled a wild aiumal inhisUair. ' There's blood on your hands'; go away !— go' away at once, I say !' ' ' ; ?'????';- The delirium had returned, then. 'Ho Sid. not recognise me. .- ?? Will you drink something ?' I asked, handing him a soothing draught the doctor had ordered. By a sudden movement he dashed tho glass; I offered out of my. hand, and shivered it in fragments on the ground. .....' It's poison l' he yelled. ' You want to poison me.! I won't be poisoned ! Ah, there it is again ! stop those eyes ; don't let them look at me so ! I didn't mean it ! — I didn't mean to harm you, Bill ; it was your own fault.' His. gaze grew vacant ; ho was evi dently unconscious of my presence. Who could tell what valuablo scraps of truth be might not let fall in his delirium ? I listened breathlessly.. : ?' ' Yea, Bill,' ho continued more quietly; « it was your fault. . You jeered at iiie, you harmed me ; you took away; all I cared for .;., you killed her.. 'Twas more than mortal uVan could stand ; and now: you're dead. '? Lord ! no one would think' si man. had so much life in him. You devil ! — you — you're strangling me !' He groaned horribly ; then he stopped, panting. for breath.. Who. was this Bill? Was it ? some other murder he referred tO? .{ '-.'? . ? ' ???.-?., : ? .??';? 'Tim, you poor blabbering fool,' he began again directly, 'why don't you do sis I tell you ? Hit him !— hit him', down with him into hell's dust ! That's hotter — that'a better ! he' won't speuk now. i Ha ! what's that ?' And once again the unearthly shriek .rang out, raising tho echoes in tho empty .ghost-like houso, but bringing- no one at its sound. They knew what it was now. I alone must sit there and hear it. Gradually from tho disjointed maunder ings, and self- reproach/and exolamations of the unfortunate man, I was able to ?piece together some kind of story. I knew now for certain that he had com .'mitted the murder ; that it had been unpremeditated, and that Tim, if ho had assisted, had at any rate been only a, seoondary participator in the bloody, scene.' ? f (To be Continued.) 