WHY LASCAR SAILORS ARE EMPLOYED. How is it that Lascars and Collies are preferred to Englishmen I Let us see. Take merit first. To begin with, the Asiatics are cheaper, than our seaman; but as they are weak, and about forty- five of them .are required to do the work of thirty British sailors, that cannot be taken into account. Nor is it fair to say that their keep costs less than that of Englishmen. Lascars certainly live on rice, curry, vegetables, &c.; but each caste insists on having its own cook, and will not touch food bought or prepared by any body else. The men, too, must be allowed to observe their religious festivals; and whereas an ordinary crew can be paid off on arrival in port, Lascars must necessarily be kept on. This being so, the cost of English and native sailors is about the same. The principal recommendations of the Lascars, Asiatics, and Afghans seem to be their ability to work in hot climates, their good temper, cleanliness, and simple manners- it is said they whimper like children when reproved willingness, sobriety, and frugality. One thing more; they look singularly picturesque in fine weather, and so gratify the aesthetic sense of passengers. On the other hand, Asiastics are born thieves, and the " childishness" so often claimed for them is very like that of the heathen Chinee. An acquaintance of the writer, who has had considerable experience of such men, declares that if you want to be on the safe side, you must keep every thing out of their reach. The fact of their being jugglers is to him not with out significance. But here is an actual example of what they can do. Two Lascars were in the habit of selling stolen articles to. a man who asked no questions. One day they came to him with four bottles of "chutney," which he bought for about one-fifth the sum at which that condiment is usually retailed, and then they departed in great glee. On sampling his purchase a few days later, the amateur " fence " made the tardy discovery that the bottles contained a certain kind of patent manure! Then the Mahommedans are almost helpless in cold weather. They look pitiful enough on shore sometimes, with their teeth chattering and their flesh of the kind called "goose" but at sea, during the winter months, when spray is dashing over the deck, they are the most miserable objects imagin able. Some strange stories are told of the behaviour of Lascars under these conditions. It is said that on one occasion forty-three Asiatics were on a topsail yard from half-past three in the morning until nine, vainly attempting to furl the sail. Then they were piped down, and some English officers went aloft, did the work, and reached the deck again all in less than twenty minutes. Another, and a graver, defect in the Lascar is that in times of danger his fatalism makes him worse than helpless. When he thinks his death is at hand he will do nothing-he will not move or stir-to try to avert it. In shipping circles very many cases in point are known. For example, a ship was once in a grave peril ; and yet the Lascars, believing it and them to be irretrievably doomed, refused to come out of the forecastle, until the first officer went below and kicked one or two of them, threatening, at the same time, to cram some bacon down their throats unless they turned out. In this or some analogous way the anti pathy of Mahonmedans to pork has several times been turned to good account. On consideration of both sides of the question, then, where has the Lascar an advantage over the English seamen? It is not easy to discoverit so far. One point, however, remains. It is this, that the natives of this country re quire rest, while those of the East Indies do not, or at least are supposed not to. Shipowners think that they can, and will, potter about for forty eight and even sixty- four hours at a stretch. Theoretically, they do work on occasions-such, for example, as when cargo is being taken in and out of the ship-for so long a spell; actually, they do not, for when there is the ghost of a chance they take tnurns in having the nap. So that this is only a very trifling matter. Still, the fact is that Lascars are content to waive hours of leisure, while English men will not do so. Lascars and coolies often serve a sort of apprentice ship to the "calling of the sea" before they are engaged on British vessels, and belong to a higher class than do ordinary sailors of this country. They are of various castes. In the case of Lascar-manned ships, the coal heavers invariably belong to one, the stokers to another, and the sailors to a third. Sometimes men of two castes are en gaged for a part cular task, though this is always avoided if possible. Different classes will work together, but not as well as if all belonged to one. They will also eat together; though as before said, the food must be cooked separately. The Lascars are invariably married men, and have dependent upon them both ancestorsand descendants. As most people are aware, Lascars as a class know little or no English. Merchant officers are in the same position as regards their language. But there is not much difficulty, nevertheless, in giving orders and seeing that they are properly carried out, There is a native boat swain-it is just the same on coolie manned vessels--called the "serang, who understands enough of English for all practical purposes. When any thing is required to be done, the officer gives the necessary order to the quartermaster; he passes it on to the "serang" who in turns tells the other Lascars. Then these individuals pull themselves together, and, after jabber ing at each other, get hold of a rope as if they had a week before them to do the job. Presently, unless things go very well indeed, there is a little swearing, from the officer downward, as before. Then more swearing, and so forth and so forth. And thus thirty Lascars gan do in about half an hour what firteen English seamen could "eat" as the saying goes, in ten minutes. 