THE GHOST IN COURTS OF LAW. IT is absurd (says the London Refires) to deny the existence of ghosts, spirits, wraiths, premonitions, death signs, and all that kind of thing. There are dozens of well-authenticated cases of ghostly manifestations. The tricks connected with spiritualism have brought it into disrepute, just as the tricks connected with hypnotism have caused many people to doubt hypnotic power which is accepted by the most scientific men of the day. Many mur derers have been brought to justice by spiritual manifestations, dreams, and clairvoyance.. Let us bring the ghost into a court of law, and try him calmlyand judicially. Many years ago a market gardener in Scotland known as "Noble Eden " was murdered while at work a long way from his home. Mrs. Eden was ironing at the time at a dresser by the kitchen window. She suddeialy looked up, and saw her husband run past the window, followed by a man with a stone.hammer in his hand. So im pressed was the poor woman by her "vision," that search was made at once, and some two miles away the husband's body was found, with the stoneihammer by its side. These facts were sworn to at the inquest. The case of Maria Martin, mur dered in the Red Barn, is known to every schoolboy. Maria disappeared, and Corder, her murderer, with whom she had left Polstead to be married, assured her friends she was well and in London. But Mrs. Martin, Maria's stepmotber, dreamed three times that she saw Maria lying murdered in the Red Barn, and at last she asked her husband to have the placed searched. This was done, and her body was discovered about a foot and a half below the sarface of the earth. At the coroner's inquest, Mrs. Martin in her evidence explained that it was in consequence of her dream that she urged her husband to go and dig in the Red Barn. *This statement was again thoroughly proved at the trial, and there is no doubt that, had the murder of Maria Martin not been re vealed to her mother in a drehm, the body might have been lying in the Red Barn to this day, and Mr. William Oorder might liai'e died at a ripe old age, respected by all who knew him. i"Another case peculiarly illustrating. the text, "In a dream, in a vieiof of the night, when deep sleep falleth upon men in alumberings upon the bed; then he openeth the ears of men, and sealeth their instruction" (Job xxxiii, 15) in a court of law, was that of Frederick Caulfield, who was executed at Waterford in 1751. Adam Rogers, an innkeeper at Portlaw, dreamt one night that he saw two men at a particularly green spot on an adjacent mountain. One of the men was weak and oickly looking, the other strong and well built. Rogers presently saw the little man murder the big oner and woke in a terrible fright. The next day he went out with his greyhounds, and Mr. Browne, a Roman Catholic priest, being of the party, Rogers told him of his dream, and pointed out the spot on the mountain where his dream murder had happened. That same' evening, to the man's horror,. the two'. strangers of his dream came into his inn together. After they had had: some refreshments they rose to depart, and Rogers tried by every means in his power to dissuade the little man from going on with his companion, but without success. He was- unwill ing and ashamed to tell the cause ofe his being so solicitous to separate him from his companion; but as he ob. served that Hickey-which was the name of the little man-seemed to be, quiet and gentle in his deportment and had money about him, and that the other had a ferocious, bad countenance the dream still recurred to him. He dreaded that something fatal would happen, and wished at all events to keep them asunder. However, the humane pre cautions of Rogers proved ineffectual, for OCaulfield-such was the other's name-provailed upon Hickey to con. tinue with him on their way to Car rick, declaring that, as they had long travelled together, they should not part, but remain together until. he should see Hickey safely arrive at the habitation of his friends. The wife of Rogers was much dissatisfied when she found they were gone, and blamed her husband exceedingly for not being absolutely peremptory in detaining Hickey. About an hour after they left Portlaw, in a lonely part of the mountain, just near the place observed by Rogers in his dream, Caulfield took the op portunity of murdering his companion. He then rifled Hickey's pockets of all the money in them, took part of his clothes and everything else of value about him, and afterwards proceeded on his way to Carrick. He had not been long gone when the body, still warm was discovered by somelabourers who were returning to their work from dinner. The report of the murder soon reached Portlaw. Rogers and his wife went to the place, and in stantly knew the body of him whom they had in vain endeavoured to dis suade from going on with his treacher. ous companion. They at once spoke out their suspicions that the murder was perpetrated by the fellow-traveller of the deceased. An immediate search was made, and Oaulfield was appre hended at Waterford the second day after. He was brought to trial at the ensuing assizes, and convicted. Caulfield, on the cross-examination, shrewdly asked Rogers from the dock whether it was not very extraordinary that he, who kept a public-house, should take such particular notice of the dress of a stranger accidentally calling at his house. Rogers, in his answer, said that he had a very par ticular reason, but was ashamed to mention it. The Court and Irisoner insisting on his declaring it, he gave a circumstantial narrative of his dream; called upon Mr. Browne, the priest, who was then in court, to corroborate his testi. mony; and said that his wife had severely reproached him for permitting Hickey to leave their house when he knew that in the short fobtway to Carrick they must necessarily pass by the green spot in the mountain which had appeared in his dream. A num ber of witnesses came forward;; the proofs were so strong that the jury without hesitation found the prisoner guilty, and he was sentenced to death and executed. .This is perhaps one of the most extraordinary instances of a murder dream on record;: for the murder was seen by the dreamer be fore the crime andthe features of the future actors in the tragedy were clearly revealed, though their roles were reversed. 