a SilttMiifioyii" IBB llli tB.it LlfSi). PART IT. Cl lAI'TF.R XII. — A LETTER,— ClIAI'TEK XIII. . ANOTHER l.F.T'i KR. Mr, Iktcarclli moved his bandaged hand, and looked with what appeared to be a very saddened face. "Your pardon, Mademoiselle," lie said, it; a voice that seemed to be full ol emotion, " but I have said my adieus, and I shall not see cither of them again. I leave Glandorc court to- night ; 1 return to Italy to-morrow. One does not care to remain where one is constantly reminded of ' what might have oeen.' Even the poor have hearts, you know Madcnumdlc and England is full of bitter memories to me." Did it ever strike you that Mr. Kttc- arelli would have made a most excellent actor ? If not, look at him now and consider the fact. You know perfectly well that lie is lying, that lie hasn't the faintest thought of going to his native land, that England holds only hope and happiness for him ; and yet, if you are in clined to strong expressions, you could almost swear that lie means every word he says. lie saw that mademoiselle was inter ested by his voice and maimer, and 'has tened to follow up the impression he had had already made. Love docs riot belong alone to the gilded circles of society mademoiselle' he went on in a wavering voice, and the poor quite as much from it as the rich. We can put chase feeling, and we that have 110 roof over our own may sufler as much for a woman's treachery and deceit as k'ngs in their royal palaces." lie looked at Madolin and saw that she had grown pale. J I'e hau touched upon a subject she had understood only too well, and in that lie was more than fortunate. " But I weary you, Mademoiselle," he said, putting, up his left hand and brush ing it across his eyes. " I may have my sufferings, but I have 110 right to intrude them upon you. Nor would I but that having, perhaps, done you a favour in bringing his lordsliips's letter, I am eni- boldetieu to ask one in return." Madolin moved nearer, and stood with oiie hand resting on the arch of the window. "If f can do anything to serve you, I shall be only to happy," she said, in a sympathetic voice. " You seem agitated sir. Will you enter the reception-room We can Lalktliere with more freedom and less change of intrusion. She pushed the window open as she spoke, and, Bucarelli, moveiiig, for ward, took up the edge of her long lace scarf and pressed it to his lips. "You are two kind — to considerate, mademoiselle," he said, in a choking voice. I shall carry away one sweet memory of England, after all." Madolin made no reply. Passing into th'c reception-room, she struck a match twisted up the letter as though in an art less manner, applied it to the flame, and then lichted the lamp. She did not extinguish the burning letter, however — that was not her purpose and casting it on the polished hearthstone she watched it bla.ee until only a heap ol grey ashes remained, Although Filippo pretended not to notice this, his sly little eyes watched the burning paper from under their drooping lids, and the ghost of a smile fluttered over his pale lips. Madolin waved him to a chair ; and being very careful to keep his bandaged hand in full view, and his back to the light, Filippo sank down upon it with a low sight. " May I now ask the nature of the favor you wish at my hands ?" Madolin asked, seating herself beside a carved cabinet of ebony and gold, and, unconsciously, making a very pretty picture, with the lamplight on her beautiful face, one round, white arm, half clouded in yellow lacc, lying over the ebony cabinet, the soft hangi'ngs of the room — pcarigrey, cm- emboscd in dead silver — forming an ex quisite background to her golden beauty, and hv duuier dress of ivory-white and lila c tulle falling about her like a palpable' F mist, starred here and ihere with knots of perfume-' -mint:; ami buds of waxen- white syrnga. Filippo lifts his fawny face, and his eyes dwell on thai, beautiful, spirituclle figuie in a rapt admiration for several seconds, lie doesn't wonder that Mr. Thonv.l ale loves her ; he doesn't wonder that one- half of England is ready to run the other half through the heart for the sake of winning her ; and he feels at that moment, if lie were an earl, with a rent- roll of thirty thousand, he knows just where lie would lay his coronet and his heart, lie is half inclined to lorgive his master for loving her ; lie is half inclined to blurt out tin: whale truth ; but lie thinks of Paolino — thinks of the golden game he is playing, and ice creeps round his heart once more. i his woman, with all her dazzling beauty, means to become Countess of (Bandore — means to become Mr. Thorndalc's wife, he thinks — and he means to prevent it, be the consequences what they may ; lor Mr. Bucarelli has a deeper interest in his master's marriage than anybody gives him credit for. And Hie long and shun. of it is simply this: Paolina shall be Countess of Glandore, or Mr. 7 honuialr shall never marry ! Me is clever enough not to assert this by hint or by deed, however, and looking straight into Madolin's eyes, he says in a low, husky voice : " The favor is but ,i simple thing, mad emoiselle — the mere writing of a letter to the woman who has deceived me. I would not ask it, but I am unable to pen it myself. An accident yesterday — the exploding of a gun while shooting in the Sandewn Woods — has disabled my righ; hand you sec, and it is impossible for me to move it. 1 will dictate the letter and then send it to its destin ation — Charteris Manor, a matter of five miles from here, on the road to Flam- borough Mead. You will not care to hear the story, mademoiselle, but it is to Julia Bawtry, the gardener's daughter. We were to have been married in a month, but 1 am not so well-to-do as somebody else who has lately come along, and — .liKi " Well, I'm going back to Italy, mademoiselle, and I want to send her oije line of parting. Will you kindly write it for me ? Madolin did not reply in words. : Rising, she crossed the room to a quaint little desk near the window, opened it, and drew out a sheet of her own perfumed note-paper. ( To bo continued). 