' VAN- BX EliAN'S LANIir> xatnechronzcues. -all rights assBsvkb. ZUtEH 'BXBMB. . The day after Judge Forbes adjourned the trial of Simpleton and his companions for ibsee-daya, so that the attendance of Btair might be secured, a vessel named the Robert Emma arrived at Hobart Town from Queens town Harbor, -Cork. " She was a trading ves- jl Bel, and had only two passengers on board- One of them a woman, about thirty years o' age, and the other an -elderly .man who ac companied her. - Those on board were not aware of the reason whiph induced these two persons to voluntarily leave the old country for Tan Dieman's Land, and neither did they want to know, as they had paid for their passages, and it was no business of the cap tain to enquire. - The reader may at once be told that toe woman was Ellen Byrne, and toe elderly gentleman was Mr Michael Hefiernan, a re tired lawyer of toe town of Kilkenny, and to whose care the girl had been committed on toe death of her only .surviving parent (her mother) Ave years previously. A -small pro perty was left, barely enough to support the girl, but she lived with Hefiernan and his wife, and was ae well treated as if she had been their own child. When she expressed her firm intention of going oat to Van Die- .- man's Land and seeking out Henry Staple- | ton, after she had reoeived toe Comptroller I General's letter stating he had settled in the ®" colony, her guardian, seeing- he could not dissuade her, decided to accompany her to the island, and they took passage from Cork in the first vaBsel which sailed for the penal settlement. After landing they took lodgings at a re spectable-hotel in Maoquarie Street, andfcha following day they called upon the Catholic chaplain at the prisoner's barracks, to whom they had letters of introduction from promi nent ecclesiastioal dignitaries and others in Ireland. They were very kindly received, and when their business was stated the' priest willingly agreed to introduce them to the Comptroller General, although he looked rather puzzled when they eaid the name of the man they wiehed to find was Henry Stapleton, and he had been pardoned nearly a year previously. In the afternoon they had ah interview with the Comptroller Gen eral, who expressed his willingness to en lighten them on any point that he coald, bat when Mr Hefiernan told him his business the eagle-like face of toe Comptroller General clouded slightly. 44 1 think if you wait until to-morrow I will be able to show you toe man yon want. Meet me here at 9 o'clock to-morrow morn ing, and then I will arrange that yon Bhall see Stapleton." That was.the substance of all he said, and his visitors left him well pleased that they would see toe object of their long journey on \- the morro w. . They had not anticipated such - expedition, and were in high spirits at the result, and were eagerly waiting for the com ing day. Meanwhile "Judge Forbea was not idle. He well knew that if toers had been any under hand work with Stepleton'e pardon — and if prisoner's statement were true there had bean — the officials responsible for it would throw all the obstacles they could in the way of throwing light on it. Therefore ho had no sooner left toe bench than he made arrangements lor three mounted constables to be at onoe despatched to Blair's land, and to bring baok toe owner. He privately told toe men that spaed was most desirable, and to oarry oat toe order as rapidly as possible. Wragga had not counted on such haste being ' made, but he knew that he could not act too quickly, and at onoe sought out a man on whom he could rely, . and told him he would give him fifty pounds if he could reach Blair's . house and warn him that he was in danger before the constable's got him The man was a creature of the Superintendent's, and readily agreed to do as deHired. The well' mounted constables were, however, more than - a match for him, and with the start they had. reached Blair's nearly an hour before Wragge's messenger. He was working in a .field a short distance away, but he came Boross to the house when he saw the horse men. The head constable told him that he wonld have to sooompany them back to Hobart Town, and he- seemed very anxious to know for what reason he was required. 44 Oh, a fellow named Blair, who is being tried for the mutiny at number nine station says his name is Stapleton and not Blair, and toe judge adjourned the oase for three days so that you might be brought to dis prove toe statement." As he spoke toe face of Blair tarned a sickly green, and his agitation was so notice able that it did not escape the attention of the constables who good naturedly rallied him on his nervousness about attending a court. Two of them ascribed it to toe natural disinclination winch ex-oonvicts had, to judges and juries, but toe chief, who was more observant, commenced to think that there was more in the mutineer's assertions than fie had previously believed, and he de termined to carefully note the settler. The latter asksd them to dismount and have something to eat while he was getting ready to go back with them, and as they were rather fatigued they were glad to comply, and placed their horses in an adjoining shed. The truth was Blair was in a quandary, and he wanted a little time to decide what oonrse ' he should adopt. Although toe mutiny had happened a month previously, he was not aware that there had been an outbreak at toe station. They were so common that the settlers took little notice of them nnlcaa one or more of toe convicts escaped, and toe only one who had an interest in sending him news was Superintendent Wragge, and he had not done so. That official thought it would not bs wise to .60 so until the last moment, as it might frighten Blair, and do more harm thaw good, it was quit® possible that there might be ao trouble in connection with toe matter, and if so nothing but harm could re sult from caking fright at e shadow. He Mfl not expected that Stapleton wonld make toe stand he did, or that the judge would listen to him ae pstsently as be bad. If the wont came to the worst he would have time to send a messenger to Bteir toesoape, and that wonld be sufficient. Blair made up his mind that iha best he conld do wonld be to go back with the constables and fight the matter oat, and he was in toe house talking to the officers when the galloping of a horse was heard outride. He opened the door ae a man rode up, who was considerably taken aback when he saw the constables standing behind him, and was greeted by the chief who knew him, and asked what bronght him there in in each a hurry. " I am sure the fellow has b8en sent here to warn this man, and he has been sent by Wragge, for he is a tool of his " was the constable's muttered comment. The horse man mumbled oat an exauee by saying he was passing that way and only called for a drink for himself and horse, and aejthere was no use in argning with him he onVMned what be wanted and left. He had ly»»n too late, and Wrsgge would have to do the best he could, but at the same time it was hard to lose fifty pounds in such a way. So the fel low thought as he rode away. The three officers sod Blair were soon -in the saddle and making their way back to Hobart Town, which they reached iatedn the evening, and went to the quarters at toe soldiers' barracks, which were provided for witnesses. Blair wanted to put up at an hotel and pay hiB own expenses, but the chief constable told bim it could riot be allowed. Later in the evening Wregge presented him self at the barracks, and ssked to be allowed to ees Stapleiou (coder which name of course Blair want), bat be was told thai without an order from the Comptroller Gsner&l; he could not. Judge Forbes had asked the Comp- UolWt tc prohibit anyone siting Stapleton if in anymhnqer, add if wa$ -in pur6aarioe of ,tbat request; that late at. ;xjjght he "relosed Wragge -an- order when he applied forit. Very little exoitement was manifested next morning in Hobart Town at the- trial of the five prisoners (one of them had died from his woufids. Such outbreaks and trials, with their accompanying or resulting executions were too familiar to create much interest, and though the small court was full of spec tators, that number was riot more than fifty.--— ->. Th£ judge took his seat on the bench, and then the five xnntineeis were placed in the dock| end-pleaded not guilty to mutiny and' murder. - . They had scarcely pleaded when toe Comptroller General entered with Hefier nan end Ellen Byrne, and the official told them toat Stapleton wonld soon make his appearance. At the same time he asked them it they knew any of the prisoners in the dock. . The two visitors looked at them oloeely, bus failed to identify Stapleton. It was little wonder, for his appearance was terribly changed. In hiB prison clothes, emaciated,, and close cropped, he was an utterly changed man. When Stapleton was asked if he still persisted in saying that his name was not Blair, he replied in a loud, clear voice that he tod, and as he spoke Miss Byrne started as though she recognised the voice, arid turning to Hefiernan told him that she almoBt fancied it was Henry Staple- ton Who spoke. The Comptroller General heard the remark, but made no comment. He. was asked again what his dame was, and anawered'toat it wsb fienry""Stapleton. The girl had been watching him intently, and when he gave the last answer her guardian was alarmed, for Bhe had the appearance of being about to faint. He turned to the official and told bim he was afraid he would have to leave the court, as bis lady friend ' was not well, but the girl recovered herself and. protested against going out. After the Beoond answer of the prisoner toe judge ordered that Henry Stapleton should be called, and as he stepped timidly into toe witness box. toe Comptroller General whispered to his two enquiring friends that the man before them was the person they sought. They looked at him with dull amaze, and in the same breath replied that he was not even remotely like him.-' 44 That man is no more Henry Stapleton, of Kil kenny, than I am," was Hefierhan'e em phatic answer. " Well, it lies between him and the second prisoner of the row in the dock. That man asserts that he is the real Stapleton, and the other man an imposter, and it is for that reason I have asked you here to-day, as toe judge is anxions to -settle the question. If Henry Stapleton is any relative or dear friend of yours," the Comptroller went on, glancingat Ellen Byrne, 1 would prefer that for your sakeB the person in the witness box was the man yon sought. 44 What are the prisoners charged with ?" asked Hefiernan anxiously, as he saw . the girl staring at toe second man in' the dock with a gleam of recognition in her bright eyes. 4 4 Mutiny and murder, and toe esse is clear againBt them. I fehr -there is no hopb— " He was interrupted by his female com panion swaying against him, and then with a moan falling baek in a dead faint. She had recognised Henry Stapleton, and bad heard the deadly peril he was in. Some little commotion was cansed by the fit, and as Hefiernan and an attendant carried her out the Comptroller whispered to him tc come baok as soon as possible, as it was import ant. The prisoners turned round at the noise, but Stapleton could not distinguish who the woman was. Blair gave his evidence in a hesitating manner, swearing of coarse that hewaS Stapleton. That he came from Kilkenny, and telling the judge toe points that he had ; previously obtained from Wragge. He etout- iy maintained that toe prisoner's- name was Blair, and that he had worked with him at number nine station, and knew; him well. Ttie live prisoners in the dock cried out that the man in the witness box was really Biair, end matters seemed to be about the same, as ' at first, for little reliance was plaoad on con victs' statements. Wragge followed Blair, and wilfully per- j tired himself by swearing that the man who nad just given evidence was in reality Henry Sr&pieton.; That he knew him -well, having worked with him nine' years before at the brick yards in Hobart Town. This was veri fied by the records, and it seemed as though the real Stapleton's statements would be con troverted, when the Comptroller General stood np and told toe judge that he had two important witnesses who would be able to identify the real Stapleton if he were present. The judge asked them to come forward and allow no one to leave the court. Hefiemau and Misb Byrne, who had re covered, tod as asked, and the judge ordered the former into the witness box, and aeked him who he was. He told him that be had just reached Hobart Town from toe town of Kilkenny to find one Henry Stapleton Blair was plaoed in front of him, and he was asked if that was the man,, hut he eaid em phatically no. He was nothing like bim. Blair was toe very picture of misery as he stood on toe floor of the court trembling, for he knew' that toe gams was up. Wragge was little better, for he was as white as a ghost. He was next asked if he knew the prisoner in the dock who claimed to be Stapleton, and after a long scrutiny he said that, although greatly changed, he believed he was the man, and that a young lady, to whom the convict had formerly been engaged, had recognised his voice as that of her lost sweetheart. This created a slight flatter in coart, and Stapleton said if the judge would cause Hefiernan to ask hiin different questions about his native place he would speedily con vince him of his identity. This was done, and the answers given made itabnndantly clear that toe convict was the man for whom a free pardon had been sent out, and who bad been cruelly deprived of it. Ellen Byrne was placed In the box next, and a painful eoene followed after she bad sworn tbat the man in the dock was Henry Stapleton, and how she had recognised him by his voice. The prisoner was overcome, and she fainted at the sight of his altered appearance, and the fact that he was being tried for his life. She was carried oat of coart for the second time, and then the jndge asked Blair how he came to commit such a crime. The murderous ruffian broke down utter ly, and confessed tbat be bad been asked to take Stapleton's olotheB by Wragge and Ben son, for whose murder toe prisoners were be ing tried. He related clearly everything as it occurred and which toe reader already knows ; and though the superintendent tried to deny it, and swore that he must have been deoeived by a conspiracy between Benson and Blair, the ciroamstances attending it pointed so glaringly to him as the prime mover, that the judge ordered his arrest on charges of murder, oonepiraoy, and perjury (Blair had confessed aboot the murder of the prisoner at Macquarie Harbor Station). Two of toe court constables were advanc ing to arrest him when he took a double- barrelled pistol from his pocket and fired point blank Blair, who fell, and then blew his own brains out on the floor of the court. Blair recovered, and waB sent to Norfolk Is- land for five years. Notwithstanding the facts adduced — no evidenoe being given that he had struck a eingle blow in the murder of _ Benson— the five conviote were found guilty and exeouted, Stapleton amongst the rest. Strenuous efforts were made to save him, but the bloody convict law bad to be vindicated, and Ellen Byrne left Hobart Town with her guardian a heart-broken woman. " I hope my visits are not disagreeable to you," he eaid. " Not at all," she politely answered. 44 1 have sometimes thought that 1 wearied yon." 4,0h, no, No matter how gloomy I feel when you osll, I am always happy when von go," 