STORY PACE. NOW FIRST PUBLISHED). TALES BY POPULAR AUTHORS. At.t. Queensland Rioters RebSevb®. No. 6. The Mermaid at Rye. ' -A Complete In Three Instalments. Chapter I. — ' The Tales which Thet Tell.' By Florence "Warden, Author of "St. Guthbort'sTowpr," "Tho Houso on tlio Marah,""&o.;, &o.; It is a picturesque spot, that ancient town of -Rye, when the river runs full at the base of the rock on which it stands, and the little fishing boats, with their red brown, patched sails, swim down on the tide to the sea'. But when the tide haB run out, and tho raudbamks fill the rivor's bed in a long gray line to the now distant sea, the old town with its narrow, steep streets of small, close paoked houses, crowned with the low square tower of the anciept church looks desolate indeed. . So thought Ned hlarix, as on achilly No vember afternoonhemadehis way slowly up' into the town from, the station, through a drizzle of rain which made the rough atones slippery, and pattored down from tho overhanging eaves of the houses. This was his first visit to Rye, and he seemed likely to get no enthusiastic wel come. He had asked his way to 'the best inn,' and having been told rather pointedly that ' the principal hotel was the Bull in the High street,' he perceived that ho had gone neaT to wounding the town's susceptibilities and that in losing its importance it had not loet its dignity. Ned was at least able to thank the fates, however, that the 'Boil proved to be no resplendent modern hostelry, 're- erected with all modern improvements,' but. a plain and by no means extensive building which fully carried out the promise held forth in its advertisement in the guide- book. 'This house has for many years enjoyed the repute of being clean, sweot, and comfortable.' The very firBt.eteps he made along tho narrow entrance- passage raised his spirits. A fresh- faced country woman stood at the door of the room on the right; at the end of the passage he saw a cosy, old-fashioned bar ; a huge grandfather's oloek ticked loudly somewhere in the dim recesses of oak-panelled passages in the background. ' Good day,' said he to the waitress. The very foot that there was no dingy waiter about wanned ones aoul, Can I have something to eat? A chop, any thing.' 'Yes, sir. This way ;if you please, sir...., : . . v : She was quite peremptoayin'her man ner as she diverted him from his purpose of entering the room on. the right, and insisted on his going into the coffee-room on the left. Ned felt that she was too autocratic. For in that apartment on tho right, whioh bcro the words ' Commer cial Room,' and into which, therefore, as a public room, he had every right to go, there was a big well-filled bookcase, and —a golden haired girl. Now Ned was an artist, and endowed, liko other artists, with snsoeptibilities as to golden hair, which made even u tinge of flaxen or auburn a joy to him. The hair he had just seen made him long to get at bis palette; he felt that he must see" that girl, he must know her, he must paint her if he had to stay in Rye six months to do it. Meanwhile, he wob in tlio tiny ooffee- zoom, waiting for his dinner, with nothing better than laet week's looal newspaper to amuse himself with. He would go and ask the golden haired young lady for a book. So he crossed -the passage into the commercial room. The girl, who was sitting oloss under the bookcase studying a volume open on her knee; looked up. Something in her very glance -allowed at once that she was adorably unused to meeting strangers. She was not shy, or awkward, hut ehe was surprised. ' If you want anything, will you please ring the bell in the coffee-room, and the waiters will come,' she said. i The words were a snub, but the gray eyes were kind. Ned retreated to the door, but said humbly— -- < I beg your pardon.. -But I eame to \- ask if you would be kind enough to lend me a book.' 'I am sure Mrs. Richmond -will. I'll go and ask her.' t Oh dear, this , was not what he had wanted at all a portly landlady descend ing upon him, with open suspicions as to the genuineness of his avidity for litera ture! 'Pray don't take that trouble,' said Ned. She was already at tho door. But before sbe could open it, the waitress bad entered in search of tho traveller. .. 'Your chop is ready for you in the coffee room, sir,' she said, rather severely. ' Oh, Martha, is Mrs. Richmond in ? This gentleman wants a book.' Martha looked nt him sharply. . 'Mrs. Richmond is ont, but I'm snro you'd he very wolcomo to a book, if there's any there will suit you.' 'I should liko oomelocalhintory, iftbero is suoh a thing — some book that tells about tho old places ia and around tho town, and tho stories told of thorn.' ' The atoriep!' echoed tho golden- haired girl, with a laugh ; ' you must ask Martha herself for those, She knows more than tho books toll.' ' Oh, what I know is mostly gossip, and nothing much to tell anybody,' pro tested Martha, eoftening. ' That is oxactlv what I liko to hoar— the gossip,' said Ned. ' AVhat tho people . Bay about a houso or a church influences ©no's thoughts no ono looks' nt it, and gives it a special atmosphere. And that ' is everything to us painters.' Oh, nro you an artist?' asked the young lady, with groat interest. 'That is what my father wan boforo his eyes grew weak. He thinks iu3t hb you do ox the stories; 'and he writes" about them too. v He says thore is no history of this plaoo that an intelligent person can read without weeping. So he is writing one, and I am helping him.' The girl — she could hot have been more than 19 — glanced at Martha, as if afraid nhe had boon too communicative to a stranger. But the waitress, who was' a mass of prejudices, had just made up her mind that tho newcomer was ' a gentle man, ovory inch of him,' and unbent aooordingly. ; 'And I may mako hold to say I've helped Mr. Hennoll, too,' she said. ' For I was with him nearly three hours the other day, tolling him word for word, as it was told to mo, the story of the murders at tho Old Mermaid.' 'Murders at tho Old Mermaid!' echoed Ned, with voluptuous onjoyment. 'Toll mo too, ploaso. I love a good murder, especially if it's not too anoient. How old is yours ? ' ' Why, they both of thom happened in my time; I'vo been here nine years.' The waitress, who was ovidently a personage of importance in tho inn, with extensive powers, was melting. She advanced to tho fire, stirred the coals into a roaring blazo, and whooled a chair round for the gentleman. Ned took his soat with his back to the murky afternoon daylight, where ho could from time to time cast a slyly admiring glance, at the demure young girl in tho corner. ' Well,' Martha began, ' wo don't always call them murders. For to say the truth, they were more than mnrders — they wore mysteries. There's a couple of very old houses in Rye that were once an inn, called "The Mermaid." That was long before my time. When I first came to Rye the place had been empty and neglected, and all to pieoes for nigh on two years, Then it was done up and divided into two houses, for it was too big for anyone about here to take as it was. And one house was taken by a shoemaker, a most respectable than, with a wife and family, who have it now. The other house didn't go off for a bit, and at last thoy turned it into a hospital. But one night — it was about .Christinas time, I remember, and the vicar preached about it, and it cast a damp ovor every thing — a poor man that was lying in one of the rooms with a ' broken log, Bhrieked ont for help. Be fore the nurse that was in ohnrgo could get to the room, however, the poor follow was dead. It was found that he had been choked by a great piece of plaster, liko that they do ceilings with. Tho question was: Who hod done it? There was nobody about the house except the nurse, and a woman lying in another room, who was paralysed, and could not leave her bed. Then again, where did the plaster come from? There was.no ceiling to. any. one of .the rooms; the timbers were just whitewashed, and there was no plaster used, so the piece found in hia throat could not have fallen from the roof into his mouth while he slept, as someone suggested. WeU, it was a mystery, and there was an end of it, at least, so we thought. Then that room was not used again for a long time. But in October of the year after there was a great storm, and a ship-wrecked crew of a fishing smack were brought into Rye. There being nobody in tho hospital at the time, the poor fellows were put up there. You see, they were strangers, and had never heard the Btory. Just picture to yourself what we all felt next day when we found thnt one of the men had died in tho night in exactly the same way as the first. Thore were two other men sleeping in the room, who were awakened by hearing their comrade choking and gasping for breath. They could just seo him in the darkness, bo they said, struggling with a woman in black, who waved her arms about over him and disappeared, leaving dim stark dead, Never was such a sensation known in Rye beforo or since. The place was haunted, so overyone said. It was a ourious thing though, if it was a ghost that did these murders, that a purse whioh the sailor had by his pillow, and which held two sovereigns, had disappeared. Of course one of his companions may have stolen it ; but then It was they who gave the information that he had this money upon him. Then tho poor people next door were suspected, because the attic over the hospital was part of their pre mises, being used by tho shoemaker da a store- place. But besides that he and his family were known to bo honest and as harmless as doves, there was no way by whioh any human being could force himself botwscn the rafters, tio there the matter onded, and I don't sup pose the houso will ever lot again.' ' "Well, I qonfosB that even the excite ment of trying to ferret out the mystery would hardly tempt mo to a place "with such associations,' said Ned, rising reluo- tantly from tho comfortable armchair, ' But can you tell me where I - shall he likely to find a couple' of rooms, bdth very clean,, and one very large, in which I can take up my quarters for two or three months?' Martha shook her head. to de continued to- moiieow) 