Sutlon Forest. Flower Services were held at All Saints Sutton Forest on Sunday' last, morning and afternoon. The church was profusely and beautifully decorated with flowers, a matter in which several ladies of the congregation had taken doep interest. The altar had a very beautiful latin cross of marguerites, tho design and work of Miss Amy Badgery, on either side beins vases of arum lilies, the edge of tho table being decorated with a row of white roses intermixed with ever greens. At the each end of tho table, columns of marguerites had been ereoted. Flowers, ivy and variegated leaves also adorned tho altar rails— the work of the Misses Neylo, Oke', and Wiihycombe. The lectura and prayer desk wero cleverly and tastefully arranged with flowers ivy and evergreens by Aire. W. W. Richardson and the Misses Wilshire. For the walls approaching the chancel Mrs. Stoddart had artistically worked two designs — a harp and a lyre— in rich flowers, being very beau tiful indeed. The walls of the church were adorned with St Andrew's and Latin crosses and wreaths worked in flowers, by Mrs. A. D. Badgery, and the window sills were neatly ai-muged with buttercups, ivy, and grasses by Miss Haviland. The organ decorations were carried out by Misses Holmes and Nicholson. The end of each seat had a small sprig of flowers placed on it. The font was very prettily arranged with roses and other kinds of flowers by Miss R. Withycorabe and Mrs. Richardson. Flowers were sent by Lord Jersey, from Hill View, to help in tho decorations. In tho moruinn- there were special leaaoao, which were read by His Excellency Lord Jersey, hymns and paalmp. There was a very large attendance. The sermon was preached by tho Rev. F. B. Boyce, of Sydnoy. Thq text was, ' Rejoicing in Hope.' Romans XII— 12. Iu the couroe of his remarks the preacher said, the imporlaco ) of hopeisseoniu being linked withothor noble graces, there aro three sisters, Faith, Hope, and Charity, or wo should more correctly sny faith, hope, and love. What an honor for hope! Faith is the hand by which we grasp tho Saviour. Lovo is greater still. It is an eternal principle and peculiarity of God for ' God is love.' What beautiful sisters therefore has hopo ? Surely each of tho threo deserves ou.- study, and of thorn all hnpe seems the noglected ono. Men have often faith iu the thing promised and lovo for the promiser, but aro gloomy being devoid of hopo in tho fulfilment. To-day lot us honor hopo. What, however, aro wo reminded oL this morning by theso lovely flowers that adorn this church ? Certainly of the shortness of lifo. Iua few days theso things of boauty will bodoad, this sweetness will havo gone never to return. And so with our liyes. One little day will soon have paasod and tho plaqoa of oarth will know us no moro. But is there no hope for us ? what doos Isaiah say ? The grass withertfch, the flowors fadeth, but tho word of our God shall stand for ever. Whatiothooourcoof truohopo ? Tho apostle puts it oloar andtorsoly whon ho says ' Christ iu you the hopo of glory.' Our hope thoroforo must be built upon Christ. Wo must rest upon. Him aa the sure foundation, tho groat corner stono, tho lock of ages. Ye3 ! oui foot aro on the rook, our hands aro grasping by faith tho cross, and our oyos aro looking unto Josus. Thoso who aro filled with joy aud peaco iu believ ing aro rosting upon Christ. Ho io tho donr of hopo. Observe how tho Biblo givoa prominonco to hopo. St. Paul calls hopo ' tho holmot of oalvation and, again, tho anohor of tho ooul ouro and steadfast, which onteroth into that within tho veil,' Ho meant that our, hoarto woro by faith aoclioroc} in rfoayou. ' Fnith woo the cable. Ho spooks in tho epistle to tho Romans of'y ' tho earnest expectation of tho creature . . . which waitoth for tho manifestation of tho sona of God.' What is this oarnont ospoctation, this hopo ? Tho Grook word moro literally i»ioaus ' looking out with out strotchcd nock as if in intense and oagor oxpoctalion of somo much longod for object.' Tho comploto manifestation of tho sons of God can only bo in eternal glory and honco tho eagornoaa, tho hopo. Tno psalmist was over buoyed up by hopo. He said, ? I will hopo continually and praise tlies moro and more.' Solomon sayo, ' Tho hopo of the righteous sh'ill bo gladness.' St. Peter has been called tho npostlo of hope. In five chapters ho has ton allusions to it. H9 says ' hope to the ond.' Yes, hopo through all troubles. An nnciont writer could say dian spiro spcro — whilo I breathe I hopo. But the christian can say oven more, (htm c.ipiro .yicro - whilo I dio I hope. And what is that which holps men in tho battle of life ? It is the grace of hopo shining iu tlie aoul. It has cheered tho emigrant, it hns encouragpd tho digger, and has nerved tho shipwrecked onos. For the Christian it is as the wing of an angel over soaring heaven ward. Its opposiies aro groundless pre sumption aud dismal despair. If we would be rejoicing in hope we must oultivato the grace. That is we must en courage it in our minds. When it rises before you and streams along (he path do not set it aside. It is not building custles in the air or thinking of impossibilities ; it is not sitting in gloom cither when one should be at work, nor is it throwing cold water on good efforts or putting wet blankets upon zealous friends. It is assuring, it is trusting, it is cheering, it is reviving, it is blessed in fact in all its influences. Hence, St. Paul could rightly tell the Roman christians to be rejoic ing in hope. Is your own hope sound ? Is Christ really in you as the hope of glory 1 Without him chere is no ground for rejoicing in hope. Rest upon him, now as the great sinbearer and as the day-star, of humanity. Let each God-fearing man be thinking of his future. ' What' has he to fear and what has he to expect? There may be storms,. there may be at times an attack from Giant Despair, but by the help of the Holy Spirit all will be well. £iope will steal in again and throw streams, of light upon, the path. Let hini remember that Heaven is his home. And these to-day flowers in their loveliness, in their being typical of innocence, in thoir naturalness, in their heavenliness, may well remind him of that gloryland. Let us then cast aside doubts and fears and live rejoicing every day in view of all tli -t is before us. I echo the words of St. Paul, 'May the God of hope fill you with joy and peace in believing that ye may abound in hope through the power of the Holy Ghost.' With hope shining in the soul it will be as a perpetual sucshine. The voice of the singing birds will be heard : as in your soul, and the flowers will burst forth us the winter passes and the sunny rays fall upon the land. For hope like the springtime is a great animating principle. It even now will gild the gates of Heaven for God's peoplo, and light up in glory- its battlements, while it will enrich the lifo with joy in the prospeot of the eternal home. Go on then rejoicing in Hope. Tho authem, 'tAngels Ever Bright and Fair,' was sung with good eSoot by Mr. E. Ko*v. 