ELECTION POINTS. Beid. Gray. Diion. Gillies. Harris. Turner. Lormer. * I Madden. 1 Langton. J Embling. ' 1 Harwood. I McKinley. , Tbe above are ' The good men and true, The country's saviours, 1 Who are quite prepared To offer themselves a sacrifice On the alter of public opinion, And solicit your vole and interest. Bribery and corruption is in the thin air. On strike — the electors at the polling booth. Every elector should record his conviction to-day. To-night's ejaculation — ' Didn't I tell you so.' The biggest election to- day Victoria has ever seen. Fellow electors, let there be a big, big poll to-day. The blue pencil is mightier than the sword to-day. Victoria this day expects every elector to do his duty. At the declaration of the poll — 'A sea of upturned faces/' Let tbe best side win is the fair way to vieiy to-day's event. Parliamentary Cup of 300 sovereigns, with pickings added. There will be a good deal of scratching and irritation to-day. A question for to-day—?' How long halt ye between two opinions?' It mil be a dope cqntpst at St. Eilda, and the result is a problem. Harris* ejaculation to-night if he is defeated — ' Good Gray*shus 1' Dr. Embling urges that personal friend* ships should to*d*y give way to pablio duty. Every elector in Victoria should exercise his franchise to-day, or he will be an eucmy to his country. Dr. Embling gives the Shiels Ministry a two weeks' innings after Parliament re called together. ' What is to be the result of to-day's polling — peace and prosperity or strife and I more hard-times t The Hon. B. D. Beid is our fancy for Toorak. He is an experienced man straight and capable. Voters holding electors' rights mast produce them at the polling booth, or they cannot record their votes. Mr. Frank Madden is extremely popular among all classes in the Eastern Suburbs,, and will poll remarkably well. Harris will walk in without turning a hair at South Yarra, and although Dixon will have a close run his seat is s ale. There arc 201 candidates for 71 contested seats, so that about two-thirds will denounce the ungrateful electors at seven o'clock this evening. To secure the return of their £60 deposit in one seat electorates candidates must obtain one-fifth of the namber of votei polled by the successful candidate. Tbe ' list of candidates ' selected by the Bible in Slate-school League and Local Option organisations represents a conglo meration of 4|vergence iq political opinions. Dr. Embling makes good capital out of the Government retrenchment policy, in ! regard to which they begin with the unfor tunate women and crippled gatekeepers on the railways. 'Would the candidate be in favor of allowing a Chinaman to bold property in a leading street,' whs one of the burning questions propounded at one of Dr. Km bling's recent meetings. ' It goes without saying,' remarks the Age, 11 that Mr. Turner should be returned for. St. Kilda as a matter of course.' The Melbourno Argut, however, is of a de cidedly different way of thinking. Easter Monday's Age says, 'Saelrmen as Mr. Harwood are *b capable of forming sober opinions, .and. expressing them, in | sober language as any of the Conserve- - tive firebrands on the other side. '3 . ' . 1 ' Messre. ^lemmings and Kcerie, whose candidate for Toorak and Eastern Sntnrbs rpsppctjr'pj^, wp referred tq in oob last issue as being probleinatioal, ha?e both setw fit to withdraw and have thas done the country ont of £100. Here is a gem from a labour candidate's oration u The navvy on the railways is a better man than the robbers who draw his lents.' Fanoy a Parliament of such men as this orator. ' We would be able to float loans at 2| per cent par then 1 The Kational Scripture Education League's looal candidates are as follows:—. W. J* Lormer, Eastern Suburbs j E. J. Dixon, Prahran j F. C. Gray, South Tarta; W. . H. Embling, St. Hilda 3 and Ai; .McKinley, Toorak. . Tbe Age in discussing the fact of Messrs. Madden and Gillies running in the same interest in tbe Eastern Suburbs, sayc— ' Of pourse we shou!4 prefer tq find that thp effect of their feud had been to leave the ? liberal candidate, Mr. Lormer, master* of the field.' The friends and supporters of the Hon. Duncan Gillies are jubilant at the strong additional support the veteran is receiving ; but Mr. Frank Madden's party are prepared to back their candidate at 6 to i on, believing that he -will win easily. It's a mighty good thing for Dr.iEmbling's patients that the election campaign ends to-day. He has become so engrossed in politics that he has been ordering heavy doses of stock-tax by mistake, and it is whispered that he ordered onemanone vote. In his plucky wife, the Hon. George Tnrner has a noble champion of his rights. Mrs. Turner's good deeds in the cause of charity have made her name a household word in St. Kilda, and Mr. Turner will securc not a few votes to-day on that account. How would this combination answer ; — Mr. Trcnwith, Premier and Labor Minister; Mr. Hancock, Treasurer; Mr. Bosn, Minister of Defence and Education. If the labor candidates win to*day, such might be really tbe case in a few years. Heaven forfend 1 The Toorak candidates are working like Trojans. Mr. Langton means to re-enter tbe House now or never. Mr. McKinley , has a very strong following, and his friends prophesy victory, while tho Hon. B. D. Beid's chances are regarded as most rosy, as it is expccted all Liberals will rally round him to-day. *- The following local candidates have been selected by tbe National Association : — Eastern Suburbs, D. Gillies; Prahran, E. J. Dixon ; South Yarra, J. Harris : St Kilda, W. H. Embling ; Toorak, E. Lang ton. The Young Victorian Patriots have chosen the same candidates at Prubran, South Yarra, and 6t. Kilda. Mr. Arthur Smith, who is one of Mr. M'Kinley's warmest supporters in the Toorak electorate, writes to us urging that candidate's claims, more especially in re gard to educational and temperance re forms, and he hopes those interested will record their votes for Mr. M'Kinley on these grounds, if on no other. Ooe would naturally expect the doctor aod the monumental mason to run together; but it is not so as regards tbe candidature of Dr. Embling, and Mr. N. Dear who was tbe only one at the Balaclava meeting last week to show his opposition to the candi date. Why don't you kill more patients' doctor, and give Dear a show. The 'Hon, George Turner and Dr. Embling have been fighting tremendously in St. Kilda. Mr. Turner addressed a large and enthusiastic meeting in the local town ball on Monday and Dr. Embling did the same last evening. Both gentlemen, with their supporters, have worked hard to achieve victory, with what result to-day \- will tell. The A)it, which barracks for the Trades 1 Hall party, has given alleged portraits of Harwood and Gray, the looal labor candi dates. If the electors are guided by these 1 portraits today, they will, it is feared, be voting for the wioug individuals. In the I case of Frederick Charles Progressive Poli tical Gray, the portrait might be taken for | Williams, the Windsor horrorist. 1 Mr. Frank Madden bas been indulging in a mixture of Purves - Gaunsonianism in I connection with the unexpected candi dature of Mr. W. J. Lormer, whom he is : pleased (0 desoribe as a 'political rag gatherer ' and an ' illuminated turuip headed ghost wrapped in the dirty counter- : j pane of the labor party M — extremely gentlemanly to say the least of it. As tbe one-man-one vote has been given great prominence in the St. Kilda electorate, it is only fair to state that Mr. Turner has pledged himself at more than opp public meeting th^t }f the franchise, question is forced upon the Government during the fpst or second Bession of Parliament, while an endeavour is being made to restore prosperity, he v'Al resign from the Ministry rather than vote for the single vote proposal. - Mr. W. J. Lormer, the Liberal candidate for the Eastern Suburbs, is in favor of retrenchment in the public service, railway reform, suspension of the railway com missioners, a stock tax, a beer tax, an absentee tax, homestead farms, encourage ment to fruit industries, aq extension qf the protoctife policy, federation, oue-man* one vote', local option, and scripture legsun books in State-schools. Mr. Longer will obtain the temperance, religious, and liberal vote, and should be in close proximity to the head of the pqll to-day if not actually there. Tbe Melbonrne Avgu* and the ^have resorted to all sorts of deyioes to bolster up the cause of their respective candidates at St Kilda, Dr. Embling and the Hon. G. Turner. . The former journal bas heaped tons of imaginary sins upon the shoulders of Mr. Turner, while the' Age retaliates by descending to criticise the portrait which j accompanies Dr. Embling's re-printed 1 addresses. But this is very poor argument. ^ As a matter of fact, the doctor is not, responsible for the appearance of the | photo, which, by tbe way, we may inform our contemporary is a republication from our famous Gallery of Portraits, Commenting on the elections, Melbourne Punch writes One Minister .will have to fight hard for his seat, they say. And this is just the one who used to be con sidered the safest. This is Gorge Turner, , qf §t, ^d%... Qtorge was retuj-ne^ last election as a Liberal representative for a I Conservative constituency. Everybody thought at the time it wai an anomaly. In tbe three years that George has sat in. par- liament, he has not only earned his spurs, but the horse, saddle, and bridle to boot. He js regarded as the soundest head in the House on- matters of hard business. But he is a one-man-one*voter, and St. Kilda swears by all its dual deities that it will sec itself ? , well, something or other, before it votes for a single vote man, even tbotigb that man vm one of tho cclestial heitnrohy. Tutner isn't an angel^but he1 will just win| for all tbat, so say the people 'in the kn'»w.* ' -f Dr. W. H. Embling has addressed several meetings in various, portions of the elector ate of St. Kilda since our last issue, and in every instance with very encouraging results. The meeting in Mr^' turner's stronghold,' Balaolava, last .Thursday, was sfc\\\ i)Ueqdeclj and the dqctor. v$o has ^Dderfuliy Improve^ in el&rtfdqeering; platform oratory since his first appearance in the town, hall, .was quietly llstened .to and frequently cheered. Even those n op posed -to Dr. Embliog cannot .bpt /admirc his plain, blunt, and straight Etyle. He is an Opponent of 'the' 8hlcls* Ministry; which he gives. two weeks to live after the assembling of Parliament. Its retrench ment scheme hjs riflicul»,^lie pripplcdgate keepers1 rent tyMtoeffl being used as a strong argument against the Governmenfc for tbe paltry way it has essayed upon its policy of economy. ?' Tbe doctorptomises to devote the whol&of; his time to his Parlia mentary, datiep .if v elected the member St. Kilda.and be urges that pcrponal friend ship should give way at this crisis to public duty, and reminds every elector \fhb fails tq cifercise his ^ ranohise to-day that 4jc will* by his neglect, brand himself an enemy i to his oountry. . Dr. Embling will assuredly poll heavily...; .1. j:i* - 