CONTINl'ED FROM SATURDAY S ISSUE. • [AMi'KJOHTS UESEUVED. NADA THE f BY IK RIDER HAGGARD. Cot'VRiGiir, 1891, By H. Eideu Haggahd. CHAPTER XXX, The Coming o?~ KAda. One ni'jht—it was h night of full moon—I sat alone with Umslopogaas in .my hut, and wo ppoke of the matter of our plots , then, "cvllon we had' finished it, we spoke of Nada the Lily. 'Alas! my uncle,' said UVitelopogaassadly, 1 we shail never le ik more on Nada ; she is surely ciosd or in bonds, otherwise she had beer, here long ago. 1 have sought far and Wide, and can hear no titirigs and find noth ing.' . , . 'All that is liiddon is. not lost,' I answered; j yet-T myself believed tlist there Was an' fend of Nada. Then wo. wero silent a \vhi5e-,and 'presently, in the silence, a dog harked. We rose, and crept out of the hut to seo what it might be that stirred, for tlte night drew on, and it was needful to be Wary, since a dog might bark at the stirring of a leaf, or perhaps it might bo the distant footfall of an impi that it heard. " Wo had not far to look; for standing gazing I at.the huts, like one .who is afraid to call, was a man, tall and slim, holding an assegai in one hand and a little shield in tho titlirer. We could not sro the face of the man, because the light whs behiVid him, and a ragged blanket hung about his shoulders. Also ho wasjtaotsore, for lie rested on one leg.. Now, we were peering round the hut, and its shadow hid us, so that tho man saw nothing. For a while he stood still, then ho spoke to I himself, and his voice was strangely soft-. ' Here are many huts,' said the voWe^now | how may I know which is house of my | brothers ? Perhaps it I call I shall bring soldiurs to me, and be forced to play the man before theni, arid I am weary of that. Well, I will lie here under the fence till morning ; it is a softer bed than some I have found.ond I a'ni fo'redone with travel—sleep I Must,' i and the figure sighed and turned so that the light of the moon fell full upon its facC» My father, it was tho face or Nada, my daughter, whom I had not seen for so many years, yet across the years I kne* itat once ; yes, tlrough tho bud had become a flower II knew it. Tho faoc was weary and '.worn, but, nh! it was beautiful, never before nor sinco have I seen such beauty, for there was this about the loveli ness of my daughter, the Lily, it Beemed to flow from within—yes, as iiqht will flow through the thin rind of a gouttli and hi that she differed from the other Wolttttn : ot our people, wh», when they al-a fair are fair with the flesh alon<\ ; . Nowx my heart went out to Nada as she stood in the moonlight,, one forsaken, not having where to. lay her had, Nad a-, who alone was left alive of all my. children. I motioned to Umslopogaas'to hide himself in' the shadow, and Stepped forwatd. ' Ho !' I. said roughly-, .1 who you, wanderer, and what do y-iU here t j Now N»da Btatttid • like a frightened bird, but quickly gathered up her thoughts, and turned upon me in a lordly way. ■ ' Who are you that ask nie V she said, | feigning a man's .voice. ' One who can use ft stick UpotilYhWves and | night prowlers, hoy. Uohie, show your busi ness or bo Moving, ^ou are not of this people ; surely. that moocha is of a Swazi I make, and here we do not love.Swazis.1 ' Wore you not old, ■ I would bant y.iu for, [your insolence,' said Nadn, striving to look brave and all the while searching A way to escape. ' Also, I have Stick, only a spear, and that is for wfttrlors, not for an old ' um fagozan' like you.' Ay, my father, I lived to hear my daughter name me an ' umfag ozan'—alow fellow.' Now, making pretence to be angry, I leaped at her with my kerrio up, andt forget ting her courauo, she dropped^ Iwt spear, and uttered little sttre'Attl. But she still held the shield before her face. I seized her by the Arm, and struck a blow upon the shield with my kerric—it would scarcely have crushed a fly, but this brave warrior tremblad corely. ' Where now is your valwr, you who nr.me mo ' umfagozan ?' I said ; ' you who cry like a maid and whoso arm is soft, as a maid's.' She made no answer, but. hVijg-ed her tattered blanket l'ouh'A and, shifting my grip from het arm, I seized it and rent it, showitlg her breast and shoulder ; then 11st her go, laughing, and said— -. i ' Lo ! here is tho warrior that would beat an old umfagt'Zan.for hia insolencc, a warrior well shaped for war ! Now, my pretty maid who wander at night in the wrtrHWnt i,i a man, what tale have yx>U to tell ? Swift with it, lost I drag you to the chief as hia prize ! The old man seeks a new wife, they tell me Y Now, when Nada saw that I had discovered her she threw down the shield after tho spear, as a thing that was of no more avail, and hung her head sullenly. But when I spoke of dragging her to the chief then she flung herself upon tho ground, and clasped my knees, fur since I called him old, she Lhouglit that this chief could not be Umslopo gaas. - ' Oh, my father,' said the Lily, 'oh my father, have pity on me I Ye?s yes ! lama girl, ft maid—no wife—ahd you who are old, you, perehanee, have a daughter such as I, and in her name.I ask for pity. My father, I have journeyed far, I have endured many things, to find my way to a kraal where my brother rules, and now it seems that I have come to the wrong kraal. Forgive me that I spoke to you so, my father ; it was but a woman's feint and I was hard pressed to hide my sex, for my father,you know it is ill to bo a lonely girl among strange nn'ti.' Now, I said no word in answer, for this reason only: that when I heard Nada call me father, not knowing me, and saw her clasp my knees and pray to me in my daughter's name, I, who was childless save for her, went nigh to weeping. But she thought that I did not i'.nswer bccause I was angry and about to drug her to this unknown chief, and prayed the more even with tears. ' My father,' .she said, 'do not this wicked thing by me. Lot me go and show me the path that I shall ask, you who are old ; you know that I am too fair to be dragged before this chief of yours. Ilearkon ? All I knew are slain, I am alone except fur this brother whom I seek. Oh ! if you betray me u>ay sudi a fate fall upon your own daughter also! May she also know the day of slavery, and tho love that she wills not!' and she ceased, sobbing. Now I turned my head and spoke towards the hut. 'Chief,' I said, 'your 'Ehlose' is kind to you to-night, for he has given you a maid fair as the Lily of the Halakazi' (here Nada glanced up wildly). ' Come, then, and take the girl." Now, Nada turned to snatch up the assegai from the ground, but whether to kill me, or the chief she feared so much, or herself, I do not know, am! as she turned in her woe she called upon the name of Umslopogaas. She found the assegai, and straightened herself again. And lo 1 there before he<.* stood a mighty chief leaning on an axe ; but the old man who threatened her was gone—not very far, in truth, but round the corner of the hut. Now "Nada the Lily looked, then rubbed her eyes, and looked again. ' Surely I dream' ?' she said at last. ' But now I spoke to an old man, and in his place there stands before me the shape of one whom I desire to see.' ' I thought, maiden, that the voice of a certain Nada, called upon one Umslopogaas,' said he who leaned upon the axe. ' Ay, I called ; but where is the old man who treated me so scurvily ? Nay, what does fit matter?—where he if=, there let him stop. At least, you are Umslopogaas, my brother, or should be by your greatness and the axe. To the man I cannot altogether swear in this light; but to the axe I can swear, for once it passed so very near my eyes.' Thus she spok" on, gniniug time, and all the while she watched Umslopogaas till she was sure that it was ho and no other. Then she made an end of talk, and, flinging herself on him, she kissed him. 'Now I trust that Zinitn sleeps sound,' murmurad Umslopogaas, for suddenly ho remembered that Nada was no sister to him, as she dreamed. Nevertheless, ho took her by the hand and said, ' Enter, sister. Of all maidens in tho world you are the most welcome here, for know I thought you dead.' But J, Mopo, ran into the hut before hef, and when she entered she found me sitting by the fire. ' 'Now, here, my brother,' said Nada, pointing at me with her finger, ' here is that old ' mifagnzMi,' tiufc low fellow, who,unlc-ss I drPiiMi, but a cory iiUle v.hiie i'yo, bl'ou;;hf I shame upon me—ay, my brothel', he struck I me, a maid, with his kerrie, and that only ' bemuse J said that I would stab him for his • insoleTifee, flUtl did'worse : lie swore' that dragine to some old chief ot _~his to )>b ii gift to him, mid this he Was aboiit to do, liad yoji not come. • Will you RU&r; tlieso things to. ro unpunished) my brother T Now, Umslopog&as; Biniled grimly, and I anEW^rell-— * 1 What was it that you called 1110 just now, Nada, when you prayed me to protect you ? Father, was it not V and I turned toy fatte towards the blar.e of the fire, so thai Ula lull lieht fell udou it. 'Yes1, T ceiled you father, old man. It is nou strange, for a homeless wanderer must find fathers whero she can—and yet ! no, it cannot be—so changed—and-that white hand? And yel, oh ! wlio aroyou 1 Once there was u man named Mopo, and: he had a littlo daughter, and she wus called Nada—,Oh !,my : father, my fathtir, I know you ilow !'. 1 : ' Ay, Jfiida, And I knew you from, the first; through all your maVi's wrappings I knew you aftet these m^ny years.' .\ So the Lily fell upon my neck and Bobbed there, and I remember flint I also wept, i Now, when .she had sobbed her fill of "joy, Umslopogaas brought Nada tho Lily 1 maas ' to eat ana mealie porridge. Sho ate of the; curdled milk, but of tho porridge sho would not'eat, saying that she was too Weary. Then sho told us all the tale of her waa j derings since sho had fled away fi'olii tile side of UmslopogaftB at the stronghold of the Hj.intaifii) and it was long, bo long that I Yrill not repeat it, for it is a story by itself. This I will say only ; that sho was captured by robbors, and for a while passed herself | off mnoiig fchem us a youth. But, in tho end, they Found her out and would have giveli her as a wife to their chief, only she ppt'stm ded them to kill the vhitsf, Mid hiakn her' their ruler,. They tlid lliis because of that medicine of the eyes which Nad a had only aiiiphg women, for as sho ruled tho Hala kazi so sho ruled the robbers. But, at the last, they all loved her, and she gave it out that sho would wed the strongest. Then soiiio of them fell to fighting, and while they slew each other—for it- Ollhle about that | Nada brought death Up'oh the hibbohs as 'fin j nil others—she esfciiped-, dlio arti'd ln.it she j did hot friah to look u\ion. their struggle but wollhl BiVait the upshot in a place apart, I After that she had many further adventures, but at length she found an old w< man who guided her on her way to the Ghost Moun tain. And who this "Id woman was none j could discover, but Galazi awore afterwards that she was the Stone Witch of tire liio'Ua- ■ tain, who put on the shftptt of an old woman i to guide Nada to UhislopogaAs, Jo bo I he j KoVrow aii'd the joy of tho People of tlte Ajce. j I know not, .yet it tVecMs tti mo tliat tho !old xvit'ch w'oU.vl sCA'vcely have put off her stoue j . for so small a matter. Now, when Nada had mado an end of her l tale, Umslopogaas told his, of how things j had gone with Diiigaan. When iio'toid iter J how ho had .given" tho body of, the girl to ! the king-, .Saying thVit St ft-as'the Lily's stalk, she said,that it Was.well done,'.and wlVcVi lis (old of the slaying, of.the Mttftnr she clapped her hands'.. tH'dugll. Nad.*, whose heart was geimu, did not love to hear of deeds of death. At last ho finished, and sho was somovvhat sad, and said it seemed that her fate followed her, and that now the People j of the Axe were in danger at the hand>? of j .Diugaan because of httt, . ' Ah ) my fenVuittV,1 she cried, catching Urilslopogaas-by the hand, ' it were better that I should (lie than that I should bring •evil upon you also.' , . 'That would riot mend mii'tters, Nada,';he answered. 'For whether you be tlijiid'or'! alive, the hate of Dingaiirt .is. k\r'eady earned. Also, Kada-, bnow.: this : I am not . your broth'ef.' - . ;: . When the Lily heard these words she uttered a little'cry, and, letting fall the hand of Umslopogaas, clasped mine, shrinking up againotme.* , r • What is this tale, father V She asked. 'He who was my twill) 1ib with, ^liohi I was bred • up. says tllttt no h'is deceived me these many ! ye&ts;, tliafc he is not my brother ; who, then; is he, father ?' ' He is your cousin, Nada.' ' Ah,'she ans.wered, ' I am glad. It would have grieved me had he whom I loved been shown to be but a stranger in whom I have no part,'and she smiled a little in the eyes! and at the corners of her moUtiu 1 But tell I me this tale nlstS,1 So t ttiI'd lipr the story of tho birth of Um slopogaas, for I trusted her. Ah,'sho.said. when I had finished, 'all ! you come of a bad stock, Uinslopogaas, though it be a kingly one. I shall love you little henceforth, child of the hyiena man.' ' 'Thon that is ill news,' said Ulnshipogaas, j ' for* knowy Nada, t l\fcsite how that you should loV'e iile ilitfl-e thai] ever—1 liat you sholild be my wife and love mo as your hus band !' . , ... ; Now the Lily's face grew sad and sweet, and all the hiddeu mockery went out of, her :' talk—for Nada loved to mock. ' Did you not speak to me on that night in { tho Ilalakaai caves, Umslopogaas?—did jou notspeah to liio of one Ziuita, who is your wife, and 'Inkosikasi' of the People of the j Axo?' •• Then the brow of Uinslopogaas darkened : | What of Zinita?' he said. 'It is truo Rhe is my chieftainess ; is it not allowed to a man to take more than one wife?' 'So I trust,' answered Nnda, smiling, j ' else men would go unwed for long, for fow maids would take them who then must labor'' alone all their days. But, Umslopogaas, if there are twenty wives, yet one must be first. Now this has come about hitherto: that wherever I have been it has been thrust upon me to be first, and perhaps it might come about once more—what then, Umslopo gaas ?' ' Let the fruit ripen beforo you pluck it, Nada,' he answered. ' If you lovo me and will wed me, it is enough.' , ' I pray that it may not bo more than enough,' she said, stretching out her hand to i him. ' Listen, Umslopogaas: ask of my father here what were the words I spoke to him many years ago, before I wai yet a woman, when, with my mother, Macropha, I i left him to go among the Swazi people. It was after you had been born away by the lion. Umslopogaas, I told my father that I would wed no man nil my life, because I loved only you, who were dead. My father reproached me, saying that I must not ppeuk thus of my brother, but it was my heart that spoke, and it spoke truly ; for see, Umslopo gaas, you are no brother to me! I have kept that vow. How many inen have sought mo in wedlock since I became a woman, Um slopogaas ? I tell you that they are as the leaves upon a tree. Yet I have given myself fo none, and this has been my fortune : that none have sought to constrain me to marriage. Noiv I have my reward, for lie whom I lost is found again, and to him alone I give my love. Yet, Umslopogaas, beware ! Little luck has come t'o those who have loved me in the past; no not even to those who have sought to look on me.' ' I will bear the risk,Nada,' the Slaughterer answered, and gathering her to his great breast he kissed her. Presently she slipped from his arms and bade him begone, for she w as weary and would rest. So he went. CHAPTER XXXI. The War of the Womb.*. Now, on the morrow at daybreak, leaving his wolves, Galazi came down from the Ghost Mountain and passed through the gates of the kraal. In front of my hut he saw Nadu the Lily and saluted her, for each remembered the other. Then he came on to the place of assembly and spoke to me. ' So the Star of Death has risen on the People of the Axe, Mopo,' he aaid. ' Was it because of her coming that my grey people howled so strangoly last night ? I ca-.inot tell, but I know this, the star shone first on me this morning, and that is my doom. Well, she is fair enough to be the doom of many, Mopo,' and ho laughed and passed 611, swinging the Watchor. But his words troubled me, though they wore foolish ; for I could not, but remember that wherever the beauty of Nada had pleased the sigljt.of men, there men had been tnven to death. Then I went to lead Nada to the place of assembly and found hor awaiting 1110. She was dressed now in somo woman's garments that I had hrought her ; her curling hair fell upon her shoulders; on hor wrist and nock and kneo were bracelets of ivory, and in her hand 6he bore a lily bloom that she hud gathered as she went to bathe in the river. Perhaps sho did this, my father, because she wished here, as elsewhere, to bo known as the Lily, and it is the Zulu fashion to name people from some such thing. - But who can ino-w a woman's reason, or whether a thing is by chance alone, my father? Also she had begged of mo a capo I had ; it was cunningly mnde by lw.sntn3, 0/ ibe whitest feathers of the ostrich; this she put :*hout. her shoulder.1?, and it hun*dovrii to hor uii-idk'. It haa been a custom vith Nada from childhood not to go about other girls, nak?4 0?eej>fc for their girdles, forsho woi»ld ftlWays find some Wig or skin to lti> U|)on hor broasfc. Perhaps it Whs because her skin was fairer than t,hat of other women, or perhaps becauso she knew that alio n'ho hides hor beauty often soein.B the loveliest, or beoau36 there was truth in tho tale other white blood and the frishion enmo to her With the blood. I do not know, my father) at th'a leas1, she did so. Now 1 took >Tada by the hand and lod her through the morning air to the place of I assembly, and ah ! she was sweeter than the I air and fairer than the dawn. There were many people in fcho place ot assembly, for it was the day of the monthly meeting of tho council of tho headulel), r.lid there also were all the Wotntsh of the kraal, and at thoit" head stood Zinita. Now it had geVftbDUt that the girl whom the Slaughterer went to seek in tho caves of t ho Haluk.v/,i hud come to tho kraal of tho People of the Axe, and all eyes watched for her. ' ' WoV !'' said tho man as she pissed smiling, looking neither to Ilia right nor to tho left, yet Boeing all—' ' Wow but this flower is f.iir 1 Little wonder that 'tho Hul; akazi died for her 1' '1 ho women looked also, but they said nothing of the beauty of Nads j they scarcely seemed to seB ih : ' Tllub IS she for whoso sake so many of' our peoply lie unburied,'said one. 1 Where, then, does she find her fine clothes?' quoth another, 'ahd who came here last night a footsore wanderer ?' ' Foathors are not enough for hef t look I sho muBt bear flow CM uUo. SAuPuly thivy Are fitter toiler hands than the IiiiluUo of 11 hoe,' said tv thMi . 1 Now I think that tho chief of the Peoplo of tho Axo will find one to worship above tho axe, and that some will bo left mourning, puf in i» fourth, glancing at Jiinita and tho other woimm of the household of the SliUlghterBiS. Thus they Spoko, throwing words like assegais, And Nada heard them ivllj and knew their Weaning; blit ish'e hSver ceased from smiling. S^niy 'Zinita said nothing, but st iod loVilfiiigatrlacla from beneath her bent brows, while by one hand she held the little daughter of U.nslo[jogaas, her child,and with the other played with beads about her neck. Presently, we passed her, and Nada, knowing well who this must be, turned her eyes full upon the angry eyes of Zinitn, and hold thetll th'efe awhilo. Now, what tliere was iii thfe gtaitCe of Nada I cannot say, but I know that who feard fqw filings*,, foii'iYd some thing to fen,r iii it. At the least, it was she ivh'o tttrHyi iler head away, and tho Lily fussed on smiling, and greetod Umsl'>pogaas with n little uod.. ' Hail, Nada 1' said tho Slaughterer. Then ho turned to his headmai und spoke > 1 This is sho whom we went to tlia tiilVbs i)f the HalakuSi to &eek; for tiingaan. Ou |. tho Story is kWoivn.flow; -^one tujd'ifc op ak the kraal TJ m l' u ng u n d 111 o v u who shall tell it no She priyeii • mo to save her from Eingaan, and so I - did, and all would have gone well had it not been for a certain traitor, who ia done with, for I took another to Dingaan. Look on her now, my friends, and say if I did not well to save hur- the Lily fl jwer, auoh ub there is lio otliel1 ill the world, t^bp the joy i)f the Peope of the Axe anil il wife to me.' With ono accord tho headmen answered : 'Indeed you did well, Slaughterer," for the. glamor of Nada wa? upon them, and they would cherish lier as others had cherished her. Only G dusi tho Wolf shook his head. Yet lio said nothing, for words do not avail against fato. Non,as I found afterwards, since Zinita, the head wife of Umslopogaas, had learned of what stock he was, she had known that Nada was no sistsr to him. Yet when she heard him declare that ha was about to take the Lily to wife she turned on him, saying— _ , ' How can this be, Lord ?' ' Why do you ask, Zinita T he answered. ' Is it not allowed to a man to take another wife if he will ?' ' Surely, Lord,' she said; ' yet men do not wed their sisters, and I havo heard that it was because this Nada was your sister that you saved her from Dingaan, and brought the wrath of Dingaan upon tho People of the A.xc, the yrath that shall destroy thfem.1 .' So,T,thought then, Zinita,' ho answered; 'now I know otherwise. Nada is daughter to Mopo yonder indeed, but he is no father to mo,, though ho has been named so, nor was the mother of Nada my mother. That is bo Counsellors.' . , , Then Zinita looked at nie arid muttered, ' 0 fool of a Mouth, hot for nothing did I fear evil at J'OUr hands.' . I heard tho words and took no note, and she spoke again to Umslopogaas, saying : ' Here is a mystery. 0 Lord Bulalio. Will it then please you to declare to us who is yur father?' 'I havo no father,' ho answered, waxing wroth; ' tho heavens above are my father. I am burn of Blood, and Fire, and r.he, the Lilj', is bofh of fee'&uty; to be my mate. Now, woman, be silent.' Ho thought awhile, and added, 'Nay, if you will know, my father was Indabaairabi the Witch-finder, the sincller-out of tho king, tho son of Arpi.' This Umslopogaas said at a hazard, since, having denied me, he must declare a father, and dared not naino the Black One who waH gone. But in after years tho saying was taken up in tho land, and it was tuld that Uunislopogaas was the son of Indabnzimbi tho Witch- findcr, who had long ago fled tho land; nor did he deny it. For when all this game had boon played out he would not have it known that ho was the son of Chaka, he who no longer sought to be a kilig, lest he shotlld bring down the wrath of !Panda upon him. When the people heard this they thought I hat Umslopogaas mocked Zinita, and yet in his Anger ho spoko truth when he said first that lio was born of the ' heavens above,' for so wo Zulu: name tho king, and so tho witch-doctor Indabazimbi named .Chaka on tho day-of tho great smelling-out. But they did not take it in this sense. They held that ho spoko truth when'ho said that ho was born of Indabnzimbi tho Witch-doctor, who had fled the land, whether I do not know. Then Nada tamed to Zinita and spoko to her in a sweet and gentle voice ; 'If lam not sister to D-ilali i, yet I shall soon he sister to you who aro the chief's Inkosikaas, Zinita. Shall that not satisfy yon, and will you not greet me kindly and with a kiss of peace, who havo come from far to be your sister, Zinita ?' and Nada held out her hands towards her, though whether sho did this from the heart or because sho would put her self in tho right before tho people I do not know. But Zinita scowled, and jerked at hor necklaca of beads, breaking the string on which they were threaded, bo that tho beads rolled upon tho black earthern floor this way and that. 'Keep your kisses for our lord, girl,' Zinita said ronghly. 'As the beads are scattered so shall you scatter this People of the Axe.' Now Nada turned away with a little sigh, and the people murmured, for they thought that Zinita had treated her badly, Then she stretched out hor hand again, and gave the lily in it to Umslopogaas, saying— ' Here is a token of our betrothal, Lord, for never a head of cattle have my father and, I to send—wo who are outcasts; and indeed, tho bridegroom must pay the cattle. May I bring you peace and lovo, my Lord !' Umslopogaas took tho flower, and looked somewhat foolish with it—ho who was wont to carry the axe, and not a flower; and so that talk was ended. v. Now, as it chanced, this wis that day of the year when, according to ancient custom, the Holder of tho Axe nmst challenge all and sundr}' to como up against him to fight in single combat for Groan- Maker and tho chieftainship of the people. Therefore, when the talk was done, Umslopogaas roso and went through tho challenge, not think ing that any would answer him, since for some years none had dared to stand before his might. Yot three men stepped forward, and of theBO two were captains, and men whom the Slaughterer loved. With all tho Deonlo. ho looked on tlieni astonished. ' How is thisT he sii'il in .1 low voice to 1 tliat captain who was nearest and who would 1 do battle with him. For answer the man looked at the Lily, who stood by. Then Umslopogaas under stood that because of the medicine of Niida's beauty all men desired to win her, and, since he who could win the axe would take her also, he must look to fight with many. Well, fight he must or be shamed. Of the fray thero is little to toll, my father. Umslopogaas killed first one man and tliori the other, and that swiftly, for, growing fearful, tho third did not come up against him. ' • ' Ah !' said Galazi, who watched, 'what did I tell you, Mopo 1 The curse begins to work. Doiith walks ever tt'iil: Shut da tighter of yours., old man.' ' I fear no,' I '.".nswored, ' and yet the maid is fair and good and sweet.' ' ' This will wot mend matters,' said G*lari, Now, on tii-it day UmslupogHas to.ik Nada tho Lily to wifo, and for a, while there tvns ,peaco and quiet. But this ovil ^tfyng came' upon Umslopogaas, that from -tho day when he wedded Nana, ho hated oven to look upon 2inita, and not at her alone, but on all his other wives also. Galazi said it was because Nada had bewitched him, but I knovr well that the only witcheries she used were tho medicine of her eyes, her beauty, and hor love.- Still, it camo to pass that thonce forward, and until aho hod long been dond, the .Slaughterer loved hor, and hor alone, and that is a stnuigd sickricss to com 3 upon II Ulan. As may be guossed, my fathor, Zinita and and the other women took this ill. They waited awhile, indeed, thinking that it would wear away, thcri they began to murmur, both to their husband dud in . the eara of other people, till at length tl)eto were twe partieB in the • fnnh, tho jjarty of Zinita aild the party of Nada. ; Tho yiirty of Zinita was made up uf women nnd of cert.till iitetl tvjid lo^ed and feared thuiv wlveHj but that'df Nadd was the ^rcfttest, and it Was all of meh, with UmaibpOiiiiasi at tlio head of U'.etil, and ifiim this division Gaino much bitterness abroad, nnd quarrel ling in tho hut^ Yet neither tho Lily iior Umslopogaas heeded it greatly, nor, indeed, anything, so lost and well content were t-Jiey 'in ba'ch other's love. j : Xowi on rt Oeftnill UVithihg, \Vhftn they had been mat'l-ibd three full iho'mSj N.idrt Ca'liie froln het' lillsllarid'B hilt wlleli tho sjn, was nltdiuty high, and, went down through the rock gully to the river to bathe: On the right of tho path to the rivor lay the menlie fields of the chief, nnd in them labored Zinita and the Other WotueiVof thnslojiogans-, weedin^Uio tnea!le-plttnt8. Tlicjf looked Up and saw Nadu pftsdjtlieh Worked on sullenly. Aftel-il while they siiw hiir cbtne again fresh from the bntli, very IWir'tO Sbei! imd having flowei'S t\Vinl)d iiiiltthjj lief llnir; and its she walked she sang a song of love. Now Zinita cast down hor line. . ' Is this to be borne, my sisters ?' she said. ' No,' answered another, 'it is :not to-be borno. What shall we do—shall we fall upon her and kill her now ?' \- ' It would be more just to kill tiulalio, pur lord,' answered ' Zinita. 'Nadu is but a woman, and) after the fashion of us woiiien, hikes all that she can gather. But he is a man and <i chief, and should know tvjsdom and justice.' . ' She has bewitched him with her beauty. Let vis kill her said the other women. 'Nay,' answered Zinita, 'I will speak with her,' and alio ivont and stood in the path along whieh tho Lily walked singing, her arms fol'led (icfoss her breafiti NtJiV silw her ind, ceasing her song, str'etbhe'd out her hand to welcr/mo her, say ing, ' (greeting, sister.' But Zinita did not take it. ' It is not fitting, sister,' she said, 'that my hand, stained with toil, should defile yours, fresh with the scent of flowers., But I am charged with a message, on my own behalf and the behalf of the oilier wives of our Lord Bulalio ; the weeds grow thick in yon dur corn, nnd wo. woman are few J now ilia* your loVU days are over, will not you come, and help us ? If you brought 110 hoe from your Swazi home, surely we will buy you one.' Now Nnda saw what was meant, and. the blood poured to her head. Yet she an swered calmly— ' I would willingly- do this, ttiy Sister, though I have never labored in the Golds, for wherever I have dwelt the men have kept me back from nil work, save such as the weaving of flowers or the stringing of beads. But there is this against it—Umslopogaas, my husband, charged me that I should not toil with my hands, and I may not disobey my husband.' ' Our husband charged you so, Nada! Nay, then it is strange. See, now, I am his head wise, his Inkosikaas—it was I who taught him how to win the axe. Yet he has laid 110 command on me that I should not labor in his fields after the' fashion of women, I who have borno him children; nor, indeed, has he laid such a command upon any of our sisters, his other wives Can it then be that Bulalio loves you better than us, Nnda ?' Now tho Lily was in a trap, and she knew it. So she grew bold. ' One must be most loved, Zinita,1 she said, as one must be most fair. You have had your hour, leave me mine ; perhaps it will bo short. Moreover this : Umslopogaas and I loved each other much long years before you or any of his wives saw him, and we love each other to the end. Inhere is no more to nay.' ' Nay, Nida, there is still something-to say; there is is this to say : Choose one of two things. Go and leave us to bo happy with our lord, or stay and bring death 011 all.' Now Nada thought awhile and answered : Did I believe that my lovo would bring death 011 him I lovo, it might well chance that I would go nnd leave him, though to do bo would be to die. But, Zinita, I do not believe it. Death chiefly loves the weak, and if lie falls it will be 011 the Flower, not 011 the Slayer of Men',' and she slipped past Zinita and wont on, singing 110 more. Zinita watched her till she was over the ridge, nud her face grew evil as she watched. Then bIic returned to tho women. 'TheLily flouts us all, my ^sisters,' she said. ' Now listen ; my counsel is that wo declare a feast of women to bo hold at the new moon in a secret place far away. All tho women and tho children shall come to it except Nada, who will not leave her lover, and if there be any man whom a woman loves, perhaps, my sisters, that, tnan would do well to go on a journey about tho time of tho new moon, for ovil things may hapnen at the town of the People of tho Axe while we aro away celebrating our feast.' ' What, then, shall befall, my sister ?' asked 0110. ' Nay, how can I tell V she answered. ' I only know that we are minded to be rid of Nada, and thus to be avenged on a man who has scorned our Invb—ay, and on thoso men who follow after tho beauty of Nada. Is it not so, my sisters V ' it ia so,' they answered. ' Then be silent on the matter, and let us give out our feast.' Now, Nada told Umslopogaas of those words which she had bandied with Zinita, and the Slaughterer was tioubled. Yet, be cause of his foolishness and of the medicine of Nada's eyes, he would hot turn from his way, and was ever at her side, thinking of little else except of her. Thus, when Zinita camo to him, and asked leavo to declare a 1 feast of'women that should bo. held, far away, he consented, and gladly, for, above all , things, he dosired to be free from Zinita and | her augry looks for a while ; nor did he sus pect iv plot. Only he told her that Nada should not go to the feast ; and in a breath both Zinita and Nada unswerecl that his word Was their will, as indeed it was, in this matter. Now I, Mopo, saw tho glamor that had fallen udoii Umslopogaas, my fosterling, nnd spoke of it with Galazi, saying that a means mu3t bo found to wake him. Then I took Galazi fully into my mind, and told him all he did not know of LTmslopogaas, and that was little. Also, I told him of my plans to brjug the Slaughterer to the throne, and of what I had done to that end, and of what I | proposed to do, nnd that was to go in per son en a journey to certain of tho groat I chiefs and win them over. Galazi listened, and'aiiid that it was well or ill, as the chance might be. For his part, ; ho believed that the daughtor would pull down faster than I, the father, oould build uji, and he pointed to Nnda, who walked past us following Umslopogaas. Yet I determined to go, and that was on | the day before Zinita won leave to celebrate j the feast of women. So I sought Umslopo gaas and told him, and he listonotf indiffer ently, for ho would be going after Nada, and wearied of my talk of policy. I bade him farewell and left him ; to Nada also I Cade her farewell. She kissed me, yet the name of j hor husband was mingled with hor good-bye. ' Now madness has come upon these. two,' I said to myself. ' Well, it will wear off, they will bo changed beforo I como again.' I guessed little, my father, how changed they would be. (To be continued.) Advice.—How few people possoss the art of advising ! Yot how necessary it i3 to many who do not oven know its primary rules ! Nothing can be more helpful and stimulating than sound advice properly given. A word fitly spokon is indeed ' as apples of gold in pictures of silver.' On tho other hand, the most wearisome and nauseating class of bores extant is that particular sect whoso mania is to advise everybody without solicitation, and moralise on all subjects and at all times. These Chadbauds, who ' must improve evury circumsUuooa, often spoil tho effect of most sacrud Ilieiip.-s ; and, even if what they say id co'Tect, their offensive manner and lack of discretion defeat tho ends of truth jteelf. 