PAPIST OR CATHOLIC? I define a Catholic as one trusting for salvation solely to God's mercy through sacrifice. Faith, repentance, prayer, and human obedience to Divine commands mani- fest salvation but do not generate it. Romanists pile up mountains of virtue reaching unto merit, deserving mercy. As a ohild is loved by its mother, apart from character, so God loves His son. Abel was a Catholic. He who leads the van of the Sacramental Army fits in with our definition. So does he who dies happily on simply this — "Jesus died for me." No Papist can. He would want fortifying with all the rites of his Church and expect purgatory beyond Jordon. It is illogical to term such persons Catholics. If the designation be applied in the sense of liberal and widely embracing, Rome is the least Catholic of all sects. We admire Catholicity but abhor Popery for its narrow exclusiveness. "Well, why not term them Roman Catholics?" Because that is self-contradictory, Roman being limited but Catholic general. We might as well say ascending downwards. "Seeing that the ex- pression Papist offends delicate ears, why not, of mere politeness, address them as they wish?" When Wesley was at Oxford certain stndente complained they were nick- named Methodists. Sensible John said, "Gentlemen, so live that Methodist becomes a title of honour." So long as Mr. Gemmel has to judge a troop of Papists, daily sending some to Duke Street, while others of them find a temporary abode in Barlinnie, their claim to more than truthful consideration is not strong. The Vatican is a centre of the world's grievances with a flourishing branch business in Ireland. Look hard at any Papist or Irish grievance and it follows the ghost's example — vanishes. An hierarch of theirs named Gother wrote — "The Papist misrepre- sented and the Papist represented." If a D.D. so terms himself, what right have his inferiors to squirm at being so called? But a greater than he, viz , Cardinal Bellarmin, gloried in being so entitled. What does it mean? One holding the Pope as Vioar of Christ. Pope, or Papa, means father. He who views him as the Father of the Church is a Papist, and I feel no compunction, moral or mental, in so speaking of him. To me the Pope is Antichrist, the Son of Perdition, and I may not deceive by my language. I am in charity with all mankind, but truthfulness does not violate that gracious position. He is a traitor to the faith who concedes a Papist is a Catholic. His first use of your concession is to say — "Then if I am one you are not." Call things by their proper names, and not only confusion is avoided but truth for- warded. — From Mr. Long's Iconoclastes. 