THE STORYTELLER. THE ''HATTER'S" FIND. Bt P. E. Quinn. Bill had been prospecting for a month past along the banks of the streame that trickled through the gullies. To-night he was reclining by his camp fire, which blazed brightly under the shelter of a rampart of rock looming up into the night. His empty billy stood beside him, and some hard fragments close by would have been detected by the experienced eye as the ruins of what had once been " damper." Bill was smoking in a thought ful way, with his eyes fixed upon that quarter of the heavens where the Cross hung like the story of Calvary told in stars. All was silence in the gully. Overhead, where the tops of the trees stood plume-like against the light of the low stars, the moving of the boughs showed that a light breeze was blowing. But those aerial wafts scorned the gully depthB. There was not a voice of night abroad. Bird and beast were at rest But for the solitary watcher by the camp fire, the scene was the same as it must have been a thousand years ago, before the imperturbable face of nature there had yet become conscious of the existence of the white man. Bill Nevers was lonely. The miner is generally a gregarious animal, addicted to loud company and uproar. Bill was by nature inclined to solitude and silence, and when a man possesses this weakness or strength, there is no such pkee on the face of the planet to encourage it as the Australian wilderness, which, gracious and lovely as it is in parts, is, on the whole, characterised by a disagreeable and repellent expression like a scowl on the fnce of the dead. Other wildernesses offer the wanderer life, singing waters, luscious bruits or edible nuts. The wilderness of this country offers him death. When he thirsts it gives him a runnel of sand, and mocks his hunger with fruits of wood. Bill, as we have said, liked solitude. Even in a mining camp he played a "lone hand" and worked as a " hatter." There was, of course, a cause for this. A common one, too, whatever the cynics say. Bill hod been in loveonce with a fair-haired seamstress in Ballarab This wicket Circe had played fast and loose with the unlucky miner's heart, leaving it in Hie end like a heap of worked out mullock. It is not, I know, the fashion to suppose a mere miner capable of enduring passion of the Dantesque type ; but, never theless, it does sometimes happens that such a man has a heart to love and hate with. It was of the false golden locks of fonr or five summers back that Bill was thinking on this delicious night, and the thoughts filled his eyes with starlight There is such exquisite pleasureinthinkingof the " mighthavebeen," despite the poet's topsy-turvy dictum that a " Sorrow's crown of Borrows is remembering happier things," which is altogether irrecon cilable with another equally fainons asser tion in the same poem that " "Pis better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all." Bill, however, was not worried by quotations. He was content to live poetry without reading it. He was not a man of very vivid imagination. Perhaps this was why he sat up so keenly alert when the crackling oT leaves and light branches without the circle of the fire's light fell upon his ears. There is nothing to sharpen ana intensify the senses like solitary' companionship with nature, and Bill knew that there was some thing coming in bis direction. He sat up, looking intently towards thequarter in which the noise liad occurred. He hod not lung to wait; into the ring made by the dickering flames of the camp fire there presently came the apparition of a little child. If it had been a lion (which it couldn'thave been, as there were no menageries about, and our own real Australian lion has been extinct about a million years, as geologists count)— if it had been a lion, with gleaming eyes, and flashing teeth, and tawny inane, Bill Severs could not have been more astonished. The child was chubby, tear-, stained, ragged, and generally disreputable looking, but for ull that just as like an angel as angels are like themselves. Bill could only stare and stare. If he had found the biggest nugget ever fetched from the bosom of mother earth he could not have been more astonished. And the child stored at him in return with the wide and solemn glance of infancy. How Jong this duel of the eyes might have continued it is impossible to say. The child, however, suddenly appeared to discover that there was uo towwe nourish ment derived from the ronttdfist which she was sucking, for 8He withdtow .it from her mouth, and addressing Bill remarked em phatically— " I'se nungy." This recalled Bill to his duties as host. In a moment hia hilly was on .Hie .fire and a small damper baking in the ashes. Mean while, till things were ready, i he had taken the child upon his Jsnee, and was wonder ingly passing httr?haud through her hair. From the use of thenrececUrig jprpnouiis , be gathered by the&tmllgentre;&der; that the child in questionwas i gitf. She was little more thantwo years 'of age. She was foir huired snd blHe-eyed, a ■ pretty fwfwaced child i toitmMtalato^glyai^fihiy i11"1 a thfewhole.doncluded Jet the aitejAptftol^ if l>er he was Bill as cqriohAlthat a child- of such tender years shbhlfl be found ho for away from civilisation. It was twenty-five miles to the town of Hoshmere, the furthest point to which the tentacles of civilisation hod stretched in the direction of Bill's gully. He did not know how thfeft days beforett woman had left a.buah township 70 miles away to walk to Basiikrieto—a woman with many vices and ' a ahahietul history,' hut, finest thing of all, a mother's love for the ira» young life carried on her arm. She lost tier way and wandered among the gullies ana hills, hungry and thirsty, till a slip in the dark threw her down a cieft intbe {peas, ^henslie was ottto k there quarter of a tofleTrpm Bill s fife and safety;- Metolfully cnoogh, < Proy dance had so arranged it; that *ne onim v ns left upon the bank of the chasm I nt the bottom of which the mother was lying buttered. By-and-by, the little' one grew very hungry and thirsty, and wanderedoff until ' the light of Bill's fire shone before her, gleam-! Hi - it was that she stumbled into the miner's j jife. When the frugal refreshment, which ! was all that Bill cdula offer her was ready, he i soaked the damper in the tea and fed the foundling. Poor as the fare was for a child so young, there could be no doubt of its ncoeptableness. The child was ravenous, and it was with a strange and new kind of pleasure thut Bill found himself thus dis charging the part of a parent Presently, she turned her eyes, heavy with sleep, to her pro tector, saying, with the gravity which had characterised her throughout, " Ise full." Almost before Bill realized her next need she was sleeping in his arms as peacefully as she had ever slept on her mother's breast It was a strange position. Strange Scenic ally, witli the dark gully, the deeper darkness of the trees, and the dickering camp lire light ing vividly the stalwart form of the miner and the frail human blossom on his arm. One time or another to the single man or I woman coiues the desire for a child. Let this desire be frustrated, and the hatohelor becomes crusty and the old maid sour. Perhaps the desire is stronger in woman than in man. The male animal has so many other engrossing thoughts, feelings, and ambitions that the mere animal needs of nature press less heavily upon him than upon the woman, with whom the desire of maternity is ever present. We have unjustly, too, after the i brutal manner of men, attached undue re-: proach to unaccomplished womanhood. This j is whv women feel spinsterhood sogrievously. It is us though the milk in the unsucked fountains of the breast had turned sour, through being hoarded over long. ! For the first time Bill felt this wondrous desire eome to him with its sweet attractive ness. But for spite of fortune and the fickle ness—or, rather, falseness—of a seamstress,! tiiis soft and dainty splendour in his arms might have been his own. What a zest j would the ownership of this child not have given to his gold-hunting, what Bpirit and purpose to his weary fossicking life! In his previous! musings over the woman who had spoiled his life he liad lamented only the wife he had lost. Now he sorrowed, too, over the children who might have been. Out of the darkness they came like the ethereal dream-children who so stveetly plagued Charles Lamb, coming to him and kissing him, and climbing over him, fresh-faced and round-limbed. So through the night lie sat watching them play in the firelight, hearken ing to their voices and happy laughter, und noting with wonder how all the visions took on adecided resemblance to the child he held, and how their faces, and her "a too, recalled in a dreamy, indistinct way the face of the woman who had sold him. Presently the visions became confused, his head drooped upon his breast, and other dreams and visions claimed liitn. When the first shafts of day were assailing the turrets of the ranges enclosing Bill's gully the miner awoke. So carefully had j lie held the child that he had not changed his position in the night Now it was neces sary to do so, however, for the fire was to be re-lit, breakfast cooked, and, at any rate, a slight exploration of the surrounding country made tor traces of those to whom ■ the child must have belonged. When Bill had discharged the first of these duties, the j preparation for which aroused the child, die pair, so curiously contrasted, had breakfast. After some cogitation, Bill decided to abandon his idea of washing the child, whom he handled as if the slightest movement of awkwardness might break her. He next proceeded to institute a search for the child's ' companion, for he felt sure that of herself she could not have travelled far. There was no habitation nearer than Hashmero, a mining township in a mountainous and broken country, the district alxiut offering no induce ments to the farmer. Clearly she must have belonged to some travelling party, in which case he might reaaonubly expect to find traces of them close by. Jteasoning in this way, Bill proceeded to explore the gully. This was about two miles long, with sides tooprecipitous for any person to pursue by choice as a route j to the "ijottoni. The work of exploring was thus simple enough; but look as carefully as he would, the digger could' find nothing to throw any light upon the child's appearance. Other gullies opened here and there in the sides of the one which Bill was prospecting, hut these were rugged and dark. Into such places only the prospector went, and, as far as Bill knew, he, was the first of the tribe to prospect this region. One spot he overlooked, this was down in the direction of the mouth of the gully. It was where a patch of low thick scrub grew, veiling a nurrow cleft in the rock, which had been split by some old world convulsion, perhaps when the gaily itself was made and the range uplifted. Only three feet wide, it was at least thirty feet deep, with a ridge of sharp rock at the bottom. And on this ridge lay the answer to Bill's quest, though he was not to know of it just then. When lie hod spent some hours in unsuc cessful search he gave it up. The duy was growing, and Bill realised that the best thing to be done wua to trudge to Hashmere, and commit his charge and the question of her j identity to the police. Twenty-live miles over such country is no slight journey, even j without the burden of a two-year-old child ;' but much exercise of that kind in just such country had given Bill muscles of steel. Aeverthelees, the long summer day was dying ou the saw-like summits of the ranges around Hashmere what Bill strode up to the little police offioe with the sleeping child in his arms. Here he made bis explanation. , The news of Bill's find soon siiread about the town, mid a' wondering crowd of tough miners and scarcely less rough women belonging to them speedily as sembled to gaze upon the foundling reposing peacefully in the arms of the lookup-keeper's wife. Plenty of volunteers wore ready for the search party which set out under Bill's guidanoe. A quest of several days, however, resulted fruitlessly.and tbeparty returned to tow,n\ hIea»while, police inquiries had re vealed the faetf that a barmaid in a town a long distance off had left With her child a snort time before, and a teamBter from the plate m question Was found to identify the ciuld as belonging to the woman in question. But; ho relative .of the missing,woman name : forward to claim the child. Meanwhile, Bill hung about Hash mere awaiting the decision of the authorities. Una was that the foundlingshouid be sent to Vl® nearest asylum for the care of state chil dren. \\\ hen this was announced Bill took a decisive step. He walkedinto the police station one morning and declaredhis readi «*»to adopt thechlkhv You see, sergeant" he said to the official to whom ha addressed this Btr≱ request, i'g jS*3*6x1 fa * "*> replied thehufteWdv ■"! don't see "•V sou should bother youraelt about that, ®*«nan. Shaliaaiioclftimoiiyptt." "No," assented Bill, "that's so; bnt," with a memory of his dream children in his head; " she might have had, you know." " Might have bad," said the sergeant, look ing curiously at him, "how do you make that out—did you know-her mother?" " Well, not exactly, s eing that J never saw her to my knowledge: bnt I might have had a wife of my own, and she might have had a young 'un like this here one. But I haven't, and therefore she hasn't. I'm alone, and I can aiford a child—leastwise to adopt one, and I've set my mind on this one if the Government lets me have her." " Well, I don't know," said the sergeant, thoughtfully. "Ioan'tsayas much myself,' but perhaps Mr. Ablratt, the P.M., might let you have her. We'll go and put it before him." Mr. Abbott ut first received Bill's proposal in the light of a joke. "Bill, however, per sisted, aud his seriousness had its due effect upon the. representative of law and order. "But, my man," the- magistrate pointed ant, " you are hardly the proper person to have charge of so young a child. You're a prospector, the sergeant informs me. You can't take the child into the mountains with you." Bill overcame this difficulty by explaining that he made more money than he could spend upon himself, and would place tlie child with Some good woman who would take charge of her until Bhe was old enough to go to school. " I'll send her to a tip-top school then," he went on, •' where she'll be learnt everything, and by the time Bhe's through there I'll take a house in Melbourne, and she can live there with me like as if she was my own, and as if I hadn'tbought her." This explanation satisfied the magistrate, and the child was handed over to Bill's guardianship. " We have discovered that the mother's name was Travers—at least she went by that name in her last place. She probably had other names at different'times, for she was a bad egg, and," added Mr. Abbott, Blinking hands with Bill, "asyou Beem a charitable man, for your sake, and her own I hope the daughter inherits none of her bad qualities. We are always glad when priyate charity relieves the overburdened public institutions in this way." With which patronage of Bill's good deed, which he would, however, never have dreamed of per forming himself, the P.M. closed the inter view. Bill had thus obtained his wish, and imme diately felt the burden of the new responsi bilities. A kindly woman to care for the child was easily found on the recommenda tion oi the police, ami with her Bill deposited his foundling. "I'm going to call her Goldic," he said with un air of proprietorship, when giving his final charges to tnis woman, "because I found her when I was looking for gold, and | it's as good a name as any other. Besides," I he added in a clinching way, " her hair is : yaller. Goldie Travers is iier name, and Bill , Nevers is her guardyin. It's in the agreement■ that you're to toll her that every morning, inind!" j In this way the little waif was confided to • the care of motherly Mrs. Dodds, and Bill j went back to his work in the gullies of the j ranges. But he bad an object now—a strong ; and sweet incentive—the purpose in which ! before his life had been lacking. Ami he j scraped, and dug, and peered, and washed ■ with an assiduity that his labours had never known before. That such labours were sue- j cessful it is hardly necessary to say. There was gold in the gullies, and industry and ex-: perience rifled it, in Bill's case, from the re- ■ iuctant earth, us they did, and will continue ! to do, in other cases. No great finds, of course, rewarded the hatter. He came across ' no Uoloondn, and no King Solomon ever ! existed in Australia whose mines he could ; discover. Still he was lucky. Consistently lucky. Day by day he added to his store, ; miser like hoarding every glittering grain. ' He mtixf grow in affluence. There was no help for it. He had no vices, unless u busli uian's devotion to tobacco could be culled : one. All be earned was banked safely away, < and it was all for little Goldie, the dear little j vision whose gold hair and bright eyes lit up, for him the gloomy gullies and the dark i ranges, and beaconed what bad else been a j dreary aud lonely future, haunted by the ( ghosts of vain dreams and frustrated hopes, j ! Surely there was something idyllic in all ' this! I Once a fortnight Bill hastened to Hash-' I mere to Imnk iiis gold, aud obtain the simple I necessaries of life, and most of all to feral I his soul with a sight oi his treasured find, j There in Mrs. Dodos' little cottage he would ' sit with Goldie on his knee, flagrantly, openly, and defiantly, in full view of the astounded inhabitants of Hashuiere. These worthies would stare at him, man and woman, as a scientist might stare at a re suscitated Pterdnctyl. And the men would pass on, solemnly shaking their heads. The general opinion was voiced by Mr. Jim Jaggers to a select coterie assembled at tiie bar of the Miners' Home upon the evening of one of Bill's visits to the settlement " What Bort of life is this for a man to lead?" asked Jaggers. " No kiards, no dice, no liquor, no anything. Livin' alone in the mountains, and comiu' to town to daddle some other chap's kid on his knee, and savin' up his stuff* for her. 1 tell you he might as well "— here he paused for an appropriate simile— " he might as well be a mouistry.'" This magnificent comparison evoked general en thusiasm, accompanied as it was by a bang on the counter which made the tumblers dance. " And," he added, " it's my opinion the hatter's off his chump. What'U yer have, ltoys?" And the .hoys gloomily filled and emptied their glasses. But what cared Bill for all this? He had long been independent of the society of the miners, and whatever might lie held by the rude image that passed there for public opinion lie was nappy. It was a joyous thing for him to sit through a long summer afternoon playing with Goldie's flossy hair, and encouraging her pretty prattle, telling her, as he delighted to do, of the goigeous prospects which awaited her when he bod made his pile," and she was " growed up." Of course the child understood nothingof these pictures, but Bill delighted in painting them all the same, and, to do Goldie credit, she listened with a gravity and attention which could not have been more pronounced if Bhe had really understood all that was said to her. And her expression at odd times brought Bill strange and fleeting reminiscences. It was as though she had the face of one he had known elsewhere and at other times. But these suggestions of resemblance were gone as sobn as noted. They puxried Bill, but at the same time delighted him; for they brought the Httie girl closer to him. It was although she had been part of his life in Sbme subtie'way, which Bill felt but was far too|inipleto analyse. So a year or more : One day Ifchtrack Bill that if anything were to nhppteri to him.. <|oldie would be left as destitute as upon Hie memorable night when! sfoaVaM&jed; to him first. The. thought appalled him. A mere accident, one of the many. which beset the life of the lonely fossicker—-the fall of a treacherous tree, a slip on a stone resulting in a fractured leg, leaving him to die helplessly—might remove his shielding arm for ever from his ward, and frustrate all his plans for her welfare. "I'll make my will," he said decisively, when this thought struck him. With Bill to think was to act. He proceeded to the office of the one solicitor in Ilashmere, who, by the way, was not overburdened with business (for, as everybody knows, it takes at least two solicitors to make a nourishing business for the courts), and had his will drawn up. Mr. Abbott, the police magistrate, and the local clergyman willingly acted as executors. An investigation of Bill's banking uccount showed that it bordered closely upon £2,000. This was a great surprise to the police magistrate, who again warmly shook hands with the miner in token of admiration for his sacrificial Bpirit. " If you were to die to-morrow, Nevers," he said, "there is enough to provide comfortably for your girl for life, so you need give your self no needless anxiety upon that score." "And there'll be plently more if I live," said Bill proudly, " and if 1 don't, I look to you gentlemen to see that the young 'un gets what's there, squarely and fairly." The gentlemen hastened to assure him that the matter was safe in their hands, and Bill departed with his mind considerably re lieved. As it chanced it was fortunate for Goldie that Bill had carried out his resolution so promptly, for the very next week something did happen to her " guardyin." It was in this wise. Bill bad determined to explore a series ol gullies us yet untouched, which ran into tire very heart of the ranges. It was a wild and rugged country, where few feet save those ot tim wild things of nature or the wilder aboriginal had ever trodden; but Bill had an idea that the country was promising. His way lav through the identical gully in which he had been prospecting when be found Goldie; and there he camped 011 the iirst stage of his journey from Hashmere. It was a beautiful night, lustrous with planet, star, and constellation, and aromatic with the dew distilled breath of pine and eucalyptus. Bill thought lie would like a stroll, and he took one accordingly. With his pipe in his mouth and Ilia hands in his pockets lie walked down towards the uiouth of the gully. Who could have suspected danger at such a time when all was so peaceful and bright? Not Bill cer tainly, who knew the gullies and hills as well as the rock wallaby itself. Yet, nevertheless, I danger, and imminent deadly danger, was be fore him. He walked 011 straight through a patch of scrub, and then a hoarse cry, followed 1 by a fall, echoed amongst the valleys. Then ! there was silence. Pleasantly smiled j the stars, and primeval quiet reigned within ; the serene loom of the hills. Only Bill's' fire crackled and roared pleasantly for more fuel—roared and died down to a heap of j white ashes, like a life that was ended. Bill j had vanished. The noonday sun was overhead when lie awoke to consciousness. He was lying face downwards at the bottom ■ of the narrow cleft into which lie had fallen. The sharp ridge of rock that protruded from the ground had broken bis breast in and he breathed with difficulty. Weakly lie raised his bursting head, and saw with dim and fail-; ing eyes that a skeleton lay beside him—the white liones of some other unfortunate who had fallen down the rift. The crows, and the sun and the rain, the ants, and the thousand wriggling tilings that make a feast or a mock of ih-ad humanity had long ago removed every particle, of flesh, from the poor frame-1 work, and Bill, knowing that he had waked only to die, shuddered to think that in a little while he would Ire like his ghastly neighboui. Strong-minded as he was the thought made hiin Shudder. The sun dart ing straight down the narrow abyss drew gleams of light from a mimic sun lying upon the a rolling breastbone. It was a gold locket. Bill stretched over and took it in his hand, and would have cried out if his broken lungs bad allowed him. Now be knew whose bones lay beside liim. This very locket be had given long ago to his sweetheart in Bal larat. Then his thoughts grew rapidly, as they will in the crisis of our life, bike a flash of inspiration it came to liim that this must lie Goldie's mother, killed 011 that night when the child came to hiuu It up , peured to him, too, in a more confused way that it was the portion of her mother which was in Goldie's being which hud drawn liim ' so strongly and mysteriously to the child. Hall of Goldie, at least, was /wo '*. With this j revelation came a great serene joy that be had saved her child, first from death in the wilderness and then from the lot of the i pauper. So strange and inexplicable was this rough miner's nature that if this woman had done him tiie best instead of the worst turn of his life he could not have been happier in reflecting that lie had paid her child this service. The cynic asserts that love is selfishness; but surely it is sacrifice. Such, at least, it was witli Bill. The shock finished the work of the fall, and with lus lips pressed to the keepsake, all t' which alter all the woman hud kept so | faithfully, the soul of the miner fled. 