ý I(? ~tar?etrltrtr. A STRANGE" PASSION. CHAPTER III.-(Continued). The iAdelstrgrs were old-time princes of the German enstisre, who had long since lost their sovereignty, but ~iho still retained their princely title, together with an immense fortune 'which minc tided very great landed possessions. The family had dwindled in numb?i* so that there -were hut few re presentatives left, and only one in the direct line, prince Egon, and he as owner of the faimily estates andi through kinship on his dead mother's'side with the reigning house, played a conspicuous part among 'the nobility of the country. The young prince was understood to be very wild and erratic, and a man who was always forming eccentric attachments. He cared little' for princely etiquette, and followed the whim of the moment. The old prince hadl held the reins with a tight hand, but at his death Egon von Aadelsborg became his own mastor,,and since that time had followed his; own free course, without check or restraint., : "', I r He; had just now returned fromt a two years' tour in the East, and instead of going to his palace, in the capital, or to one of his magiiiticently. appointed castles, always in .readiness to receive him, no matter what the season, he had, on tlhe spur of the moment, decided tipoli this little hunting castle of Rodeck, where hlie could not be comfortitbly hiused, :and where the few retainers who took charge of the place, were ill- prepared for such an honour. But as old Stndinger had said, no one dare ask why of the prince I He did as the humour of the hour'plbased him. It was the morning of a sunny autumn day. Upon the broad velvety, lawn, two men, attired :in hunting costume, were, standing talking to the steward, while in the' broad court a few yards beyond, stood a light, open carriage, awaiting its owner's pleasure. The two young men seenied, iat a first glance, to resemble one another. Both had tall, lender . figures, deeply browned faces, and syes.in which the fiery arrogance of youth burned fiercely; hut a nearer view showed how tbtally dissimilar they were after all. rtt~was e??ident that the younger masn, who was-about twenty-four years old, owed his dark complexion, to his. long residence heneath a .fierce sun, fur hliis light, curly hair and 'blue eyes -were not fitting accom paninients for such' a. browned skin, but were unquestionably German. Heo had a blon'de beard, curly like the -hair which sur rouended his handsomne, 'open countenance, hut the face hardly coincided with one's ideas of pcfeet beauty. The forehead was somewhat tot narrow and the features were not regular,,but soinething in his expression ,reiminled. ine of clear sunslhine, it wnas i, good-nat ttred and tso winning. His companion, who was a few years his senior, had nothing of. this sunlight in his face, although his appearance was un doubtedly the more distinguished of the two. Slender, like his companion, 'he was much the taller, and his darkl skin was not the legacy of an eastoi-n sun. It was of that faitit brown which makes the freshest face look pale, and the blue-black hair, which fll in heavy locks on his high forehead, only userled to heighten this appearance of pallor. It was a beautiful, face, u.with its noble, proud lines so marked and expressive, but there werei- deep shadows ont it, too, on thli brow and across the eyes, shadows found but seldom in so youthful a countenance. The great, dark, eyes in which a shade of melancholy always lay, spok of hot, unre strained passion, and the lire which blazed within them had a mysterious, unenarthly fascination. One felt that those orlbs possessed isonm uncanny power, but they were in accord with the mant's whole person ality, which had about it something of this .ishlilne strange witchery. '\Vell, I cannot help you, Stadinger,' said the younger of the men. ' The new eases mtust hbe unpacked andl places found for thdthlniii. .WVhere-that is your business.' (;Brt, your highness, it is absolutely im possible I' reiimonstrated Stadinger, in a tone which sholved that he was on a pretty sure footihg with . his young ti?aster. '.Thero's not an onmpty corner in all iltodeck. I have Lad tIlm , g;reatest trouble alreadtly to house all the' people youtr highness' brought with you, and every .day chests bigger; than a house are 4urriving, and over the same cry, 'Unpack thlby ?Sa dlinger l-. Make a place for. this, St~udingar.' And hund'reds' of roomnempty in the other eadtles.' Stop' gmui~nhling, you old ghost of the wolds, 'auliinike phitces,' interrupted tIhe prince. ' The chests that havo come must be unpacked in ltodeck for thie timu being at Cleast, and if .the worst conues to th5 worst, ' you.must find room in your own house for them.' 'Yes,· indeed, Stadinger has room and to spare in his own house for them,' it woas the tall dark man who spoke now. ' And I'll superintend the unpacking myself.' That's a good plan,' said the prince, heartily, 'rind Zena can assist him ; she is at home yet, I suppose 7' 'No, your highness, she has gone away.' SAway,' cried Prince Egon. ' And where has she gone ?' 'To the city,' was the laconic answer. ' That won't do. You should keep your grandchild with you here at Rtedeck all the winter.' ' That matter seems to have arranged it self,' answered the steward, with quiet dliglity. ' Just now my old sister, Rosa, is at home with me. If you should comno to my humble dwelling, 1Hmerr Rojanow, she would feel greatly honored.' Rojainow gave him a glance which was anything but friendly, and the young prince said sharply ' Look here, Stadinger, you are treating us after a most unwarrantable fashion. You send Zena away, for no reason in the world, and she's the only one worth seeing aboutthe whole place. There's not a woman in Rodeck .who isn't past sixty andl whose head doesn't wobhle from side to side, "and as to the belles of the kitchen whom you brought fromn Fustenstein to help us out, they're womse looking than our own people.' 'Your highness need not look at them,' suggested the steward. 'ITgavestrict orders that mione of the maids were, to come into the castle, hut if your higihness goes to the kitchen as you did the day before yestIerdLy--' ' Well, T must inspect my domestic arrange. iments once in ai while. But I won't go near the kitchen a second time, T promiso you that. But I'm provoked enough at you having gatherled together all the repulsive looking cre?ttures in the neighbourhood as soon as you know I was coming. You should be ashamed of yourself, Stadinger.' The old manl looked his young master full in the face, and his voice had an impressive sound, its he answered : ' I am not at. all ashamed, your highness. When thkt prince of blessed i emory, your father, assigned nme to this peaceful post; he said to m n: ' Keep overything quiet :and orderly at Rodeck, Stadinger ; remember, .T depend upon you.' WVell, I hlav kept every thing in order around this castle for twelve years, and more especially have I guarded those of my own househohl, and I. mean to do so for the future, too. -Has your higlh:Uss any other orders for me Y' ' No, you old boor 1' criedlthe prince, half amused, half angry. ' Go on, now ; we don't need any sermon on morals.' Stadinger obeyed, hl bowed low and miarched otl: ](-.janow glanced after - hi and shrugged his shoulders with it sneer. ' I admire your forbearance, Ei gon ; you certainly permit, your servants to speak very freely-' ', Oh, Stadinger is ant exception,' declared Egon. ' Of late 'days he has allowed himself great latitude, but as to his sending Zellu away he wasn't far wrong. I'd hsve clone the sance thing in his placo.' ' It isn't the first time the old follow has made so holl as to call us both to accoutnt. If I were his master-he'd get his disisissal in the same hour.' 'I'm afraid if I attemptedl tlhat- it would bheall thn worse for me,' laughed the prinme. Sue!is ah old heirloom, who hatS served l three genorationts already, and trotted onie on his knee as a :hdy, deserves to bI treatainl with respect. I would gain mothing by conunand ing' and calling him to aecounit. Peter Stadinger does what hoe pleases, miand whenever it suits him, -reads me a little text, into the Ibal"a'itn.' 'HIow you can permit such liberties is incomprehensiblel.' 'It is natural that you sholmll not unlder stanml it, flartmnut,' said his fri'omul, oe'titstly. ''You only know the sublmisssiveness of Sclavish servants in your own home, awl in the Orient. They knool o and prostrate them.relhes whenever opportunity loilers, and betray their masters at. every turn; when it; can bodone with safety. .Stadinger is mi titan with no civility in him. It doesn't.mnake the least diltforence to him that T Ian ' your highness.' -Ie is no respecter of persons, andi and has often said the most, insultiing things to ily face, but T could leavo hundreds of thousands in his lhand, and he would guard every pfenning, and if Redeclc were in a blaze, and I within it, his seoventy years wouldi not preveont him plunging into the flames to rescue mue-that's how iti is with us in Germany.' 'Yes, with you in Geirmany,' Ilarttnut repeated slowly, as he lixed his eyes drea?tuily on the sorest shadows. ' lAe you just as muchl pi'.judiced against us'ns ever 7 " saed Egon. ' I had to beg you hnrd o(nough to got you to conlm with me, for you seemed resolved never to p)ut foot on OctmGan soil again.' ' I would I had not done so,' satid Itojanow darkly. ' You knowy-' 'That you associate iitter memotics with my country.-.yes. You told meo that mtuch, but you irst Ihavo beeIn a boy at thet time. You slhould Itav outgrownl your disliko by now. Youl are, on this point, so obstinately reserved, that to this day T have never learned erhat it is thatb-' ' Egon, I beg you, drop the subject,' said ]-{artmut, almost rudely. ' I havoe declared to you more than once, that I will not and cannot sopeaklon the.subject of my early life. If you :'ro suspicious of ume, lot me go ; T have not forced myself upon you, you know that, butct I will not endure this questioning.' '.The ilrd, proud tone which Iho used towar'd his princtoly friend, seemed l ut uti knowIL to the hltteLC; Ywho only sliruggod his shoulliers and said appoasingly : SI-ow excited you get in a mioment ; I beliere you are right when you maaintain that the air of oGermany mlakes you nervous. -You certainly have changed since you sob foot in the counttry.' . Possibly; I feel it myself, and I know I annoy you with my queer .tempers lately, so you'd better leot me go, Egon.' 'I will guard you well, instead. Idid not catch you so easily that .I .can lot you Ily :agait after all my trouble. So retmembter that, IIartmnu, for I won't lot you go fi'eo at any price.' The words had a jokiing sound, but Rojanow seemed to resent them. His eyes were dark, almost threateting, as he said : ' But what if I will go ?' ' But you won't, for I will hold you closer than ever.' Hartmut laid his arm affection ately on his friend's shoulder. 'I wonder how this bad, obstinate Hartmut can answer to his conscience for even thinking of leaving me alone 1 Have we not lived together for nearly two years, and shared the same dangers and pleasures like brothers I And now you talk about deserting me, without even a question as to how I'll get along without you 7 Do you think I value your friendship so little, dear old fellow 7' The words were so warm and sincere that Rojanow's ill-temper was conquered. His eyes lighted up at the mention of their long and close friendship, and he answered in a voice which bespoke a sincere affection for his friend: 'Do you think anyone but you could have drawn me to Germany at all 7' he said softly. ' Forgive me, Egon. I am an unstable nature and have always been a rover since -since my boyhood.' ' Well, learn to settle yourself here-h-re in my home,' exclaimed Egon .f'I only stay at Rodneck that. you may see its many anad varied beauties. This ohl building, hidden away in t.heumidlst of the forest, is a veritable production of fairy- land, a woodland poem, such as you will not find at anlly of the other castles.- But no'w T must really go. Yoit won't ride ' 'No, I will enjoy the mnuch-pr'aised poetry of these woods, whiohh seem to weary you so soon. You can mnlike your visit alone.' I'll adrnit, .'in not a poet like you, who can iuse mil driteam all ?tid?y long,' snin Egon laughing. For i'a full week we have led hermits' lives, but I cannot live on sunshine, woody ollou'ia, and Studinger's sormnons, any longer. I must see my fullowmen, and the head foresteriis the only gentleman in the neighlmourhood; and besides, Herr von Schonaiu is at splendid jolly fellow. ' ou will like hint when you meet him.' IHe juimped into the carriage, waved r parting greiting to his friend, and was old. Itoimnow Inloked after himi until the vehicle had disappeared' behind the trees, then he turned and str'uck i hinto n path which led into the forest. He carrie' a gun over his shoulder, hut his thoughts were not bhent on sport. IHe went on lhedlessly, ivith no ider of direction, and with no thought 6f the distance which hli was putting between himself and Itodeck, which was ciclh mnomnent becoming greaiter. Plricee Adollsberg wit right when he said Ieo kniw this wihl, mountain scennery was to his friend's tasto. Tho very air had for him a certain sorcery. I-Ho stood still a last and took omne long, deep ,bret,hs, but the cloud on hlih brow had not yet disappeared ; it grow darker instead, as he leaned against a tree and cast his oyes around him. ! The hltbu.ty of the sulnlny, autumn day, the pioturesqueness of tIhe grand old wood, could not bring to this hlandsome, joyless faco one expression of peace or coenent. He saw this country for the lit-st time; his boyhood's homo lay far to the north, and yet this place, so 'dilu?ront fromn his father's birthplaco and his own, brought back the past with all its painful recollections, and awakened anew within him feelings he had thought long dead and buried. Feelings and thoughts which had never t-ouhled himi during the long years in which, by land or sea, he had drunk of that freedom for which'he had sacrificed so much. The'old German woods ! They whispered here in the South, just as they had done in the North; the same wind moved the branches of the fir and the oak, and whistled through the tops of the distant pine trees. Yes, these were the self-same voices which had once told all their secrets to the wilful boy lying on the mossy bank of the Burgs dorf fish pond. There was a stir and sound as of some one moving between the trees. Hartmut looked up indifferently, expecting to see an animal of some kind spring out, but he saw instead the fluttering of a light gown between the low bushes, and from a little side, path, which he had not before noticed, a young lady stepped out, almost in front of him, and stood hesitatingly, evidently uncertain what direction to take. Rjanow was aroused from.his dreaming by this unexpected apparition, and the stranger caught sight of him at once. She appeared ,surprised, tro, but onrly for' a second, then she stepped forward nod szid, with a slight Iow : ' My IT beg you, sir, to show In theowny to Furstenstein 7 I am ia stranger here and have lost my way, and atm, I fear, far fron the place I seek.' Hartmut had `taken in at.t a glance the young lady's appearance, anil. resolved inl tmediately to become her guide. He did not . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. . .. . . . . . . know the way for which she inquired, and only 11had a vagu idea of the direction in which tihe castle hiy, but tha, troubled him little. ]io bowed gracefully as he said : ' I placo myself quite at your clisposal, F'raulcin. Furstensteiia is some distance from here, and it would 1)0e impossible for you to find the way.alono. I must, there fore, beg you to allow me to accompany you.' The lady had expected nothing more than thatl the way would' be pinted out to hoer ;" this stranger's oiler was not altogether agreeable, but she feared sae might loose her way the second time, and the perfect polite ness with which the offer was made, scarcely left her any choice. After 'moment's hesitation she bowed slightly and said t [ thank you. Pray lot us lose no time, tho.. . 