THE CHURCH AND STATE IN FRANCE. ' The , secular press' is often, very fortunate, in deeding with. matters be jpngingto its sphere, but frequently falls wide oj/^he mark wjien it hps.to^.dq .•^Lth Cptholig affairs. An instance jp(,given, of this in one of our contemporaries (Advertiser, May 10).: .•> On the occasion. pf a cablegram from Europe, it devotes a column to the ..affairs in - France, brought about by jbhe Recent manifesto of several of the Roman Catholic prelates there, i The cablegram informed tis that several j prelates - of the Roman Oathdlie Church \ issued a concerted address to the Catholic electors i of the . Republic,'and cods .quently proceedings i were taken• against them by .the .Government. The following considerations were then proposed lor the mature study of the ahtipodeans j ' I. ((The publication of such an address is. in direct violation of the Concordat and the Organic Articles which regulate the relations of Church and State in France." . Now, is-there ;really an article in the Concordat which prevents the Bishops from fulfilling .their duty towards, their flock ? Cqnoordajb is rather a foreign word to ordinary people ; but it means simply.a, contract, an agreement between the Pope as head' of the Catholic Church and a Government for the peaceful arrangement of . Catholic affairs. On the face of<it there, can be no such article contained in the Concordat; The Pope did not and could not make such a | stipulation. aB would dispense the, Bishops from the care of the flock of Christ, over which the Holy Ghost had placed them. That the Catholic elector has a right, and under circumstances also a duty, to vote is beyond all question. The representa tion of the . country, depends on the vote of the people. The legislation of the country is in the hands of the repre sentatives of the people. The elector in France has a sacred duty to refuse his. vote to the man who will uphold an unjust and anti-Christian legislation, and as a good citizen he must vote, for the man who will truly represent his country. The Bishops then by virtue of their office must warn their flock of this sacred duty. This is especially the case in France,, which is a Catholic nation.; and it is not j likely the Catholics of Firanoe will allow j a few banner-bearers ot the Revolution to monopolise for themselves the name and the1 destinies of France/ In the public declaration of the five French Cardinals, / subscribed to by all the Bishops of | France, attention is drrtwn to the fact: that the Republic for twelve years already has incorporated itself with a programme J which stands iu direct opposition to the Catholio faith, and that nothing has escaped the uninterrupted persecution, carried on, and degradation and destruc tion, without regard to persons, institu tions, or interests connected with the j Catholic Church. (?ee Southern Cross, April 29). As for the so-called " Organic ] Articles4' which are said to.regulate (as well as the Concordat) the relations of Church and State in. France, of them selves they are of no value. They were made without the. knowledge ot the Pope ; they were published without Mb consent ; J and so cannot enter into the conditions binding on the Pope as head of the Church. Any one with a right idea of a j contract or agreement will laugh at the I supposition ~ of one party wily making the conditions of, an agreement, without the knowledge and consent of the other party, and consequently muBt. ridicule the "Organic Articles "as such. ,, Consideration II.—It is a very broad sentenced "The State is supreme in secular affairs." It iB true the State forms a perfect society, and is indepen dent in.ite/pwn sphere. Nevertheless it< must be remarked this Independence does not free it from the unalterable principles. of justice and right, nor does it inolude : supremacy in mured questions, that is in ! questions which are not purely secular, but/which f^so enter the domain of; religion, and morality. Now the elector in France, when he goes to the poll, exercises a function which is not merely secular, but he has a religious and moral duty, to perform as well in procuring a just and righteous representation of his country. Now when the bishops, accentuate this obligation under the' presept circumstances thqy perform a duty of , their office, and the .State is by ■ no means Bupreme in going' beyond1 }ts sphere of action in persecuting the bishops and interfering with the inalienable rights of its subjects. Consideration III.—7 An important .discovery. /"The] Higher clergy by issuing' their last 'manifesto have laid themselves open tp' a. charge of infring ing the rules formulated for their guid ance, It is all the more remarkable that they should haVe done so, /for 'the recent enoylical of; the Pope 'lays it down not jpnlyrejs permissible, but: as, the duty of Frenchmen to ^ept/;the Republican form qf goveromeht as'/now/established.2' Answer i/Boes the; Republicahform of. government forbid Frenchmen" to Votp according to' their tonpoiehto apd religion? and does! the. Jfoph order such a prohibition? In the declaration Of the five Frendh cardinals (citecl above) wje; readBefore everything else Wje deolare again, in accordance with the ordination of >the Holy See1 and with Catholio tradition, that we - make no opposition' whatever; to the. form, of government; wbfoh France has .adopted.'' . OoNSiDERAxroN^IV.—The Pope says : —" There have been many governments in France ■during this century, and each has had its distinctive form—Imperial, Monarchical, Republican. Each of these is good so long as it makes for the com mon well-being, and one form may be good at one time and another at another.'' What " unaccountable reaction therefore of the French prelates." > 3^his. doctrine of , Leo XIII. has always .been taught, ip the Catholio schools. It is nothing new;., But the important distinction iB made'in Catholic schools,. and. which^Jieo.XIlf. repeats in one of his last eucylicals to France—February 16, of last, year—' namely, that the most perfect.form, of, government may have the,worst legislci-. tion, whilst the most imperfect form of government may have the best legislation.. The French Government is notcondemned by the bishops of France on account of its form, but because it embodies in that form (the same could be applied to an Imperial or Monarchical form in like circumstances). a programme which stands in direct oppo sition to the Catholio faith, namely, an iniquitous legislation. Consideration V.—" After such out spoken sentiments it is strange to find some of the Frenoh bishops again rnshing into what must in the,long run prove suicidal opposition to the present Govern ment, and breaking the rules of the Con cordat which permits their very existence in France and to a great extent gives them the means of subsistence." The French bishops have very'little to expect from any Government in France as, long as it '' incorporates : itself with.. a programme which stands in directf opposition to the Catholic faith." Moreover, as above stated, the Concordat can contain nothing which could call the late action of the French bishops in question; therefore this whole' imputation falls , to the ground. N.B. — The Concordat is, a strict contract or agreement between the Pope and the Government. Both, parties, not one only, oblige themselves by its conditions. In fact, we must state, the French Government takes all the privileges the Concordat grants, aud does not recognise, doeB not execute, the obligations it contains. Fairly spoken, it would follow that the Pope would, bp free from' all' obligations on his part the moment the Government fail to comply with theirs. Consequently, tco, the Government would be obliged to make, restitution for all Church property expropriated, subjeot to the conditions of the Concordat. As to the " permit of existence" given, it is notoriously strange that a .Govern ment foreign to an almost exclusively Catholic nation should have the un questionable. right of.granting what could be the least to-demand—an existence! Then what is . the great boon, that " to n great extent the Government sustains .the Catholic Bishops ? " They are determined to make their pittance " precious little,", and'perhaps would be glad to be relieved, of the onus of giving even the beggar's portion. Not long ago.there appeared in The Southern CrossA comparative-table,- of the liberality of the French Government, in which the figures accorded to the Catholio Church in France, notwithstand ing the Concordat, fared very ominously as contrasted with those given the Jewish Rabbi.-and.other-exotic sects in France. ■ Let us hear what the five French Cardinals have to.say on this point, in the declaration., which has been subscribed to by all the Bishops > of France. "In the contributions of the State, which the Concordat guarantees, Catholics must see a sacred duty of the State towards the Church which had a far higher revenue 100 years ago, when ohuroh properties were placed at the disposition of the State, than that represented by the present Cultus-Budget." The Government took the possessions of the Church. In turn they obliged themselves by the Concordat to support the Church ; therefore they are in justipe bound. It is not a permit, slid no thanks to the Government if they do what they are simply obliged to do. VI.—From, the above notices we can gauge the empty bombast of the conclud ing sentence " All theBe considerations (baseless though they be) tend to-empha-t. sise the folly of the bishops in their .last, more especially when , we remember that the j?ope had set his face openlyj— whatever his secret sentiments -and instructions may be "—(what . insinua tion !)—" against any breach bf the spirit or terriis of the Concordat." We wish only--the French ■ Government would entertain the ■ Bame sentiments as those expressed by the ; whole episcopacy of France—"Catholics must hold in honor the word given ip the Concordat and the rights acquired, as a condition 4>f the moral peace wpich should exist between the civil-and the ecclesiastical authorities, a forth of harmony already 100 years old." We set ,as the crown on our remarks -the following sentence from the declare-; tion of the five French Cardinals, ito which , all the Bishops of France sub scribed. Among the duties of Catholics the'last, but not the least, is—" Faithful accomplishment of the dutiekof electors, by which all well-minded persons most secure a national representation, -which truly corresponds to the wishes of the oountry, and is capable of introducing into oqr legislation the reforms required for political peace." (Compare Southern Cross-, April .29.) . This is the bone of contention. Catholics ill a Catholic France should not be apprised of the right and duty of voting as Catholics! 