MR. BRUCE SMITH. Next to Sir Henry Parkes Mr. Bruce Smith is probably the most en lightened and thoughtful member of the free-trade party in New- South Wales. He has been a hard student, and if he has not made a name for himself in literature he has produced one or two books that contain a great deal of valuable infor mation. It has always been a sur prise to us that a man of his know ledge and research should favor an economic policy Yvhich, if constantly practised in Australia, would effec tually prevent the country from becoming relf-reliant and independent. It is also astonishing that Mr. Smith should believe that because' a certain economic policy is suited to onecountry, or to several, it is, therefore, suited to every other in the world. Half a century ago England established Yvhat is termed free-trade within its borders. It was thought at the time that within a generation every other nation would also be inalienably devoted to that policy. The statesmen in the other countries gave the subject the fullest consideration, with tho result that in those countries protection has beon brought into opera tion. And Mr. Smith is of tho opinion that it will never be changed, for he says " history teaches that protection once in forco never stopped." Are tho rulers of -those nations fools, or maniacs I If Mr, Smith will not go so far as to assert that they are, he un doubtedly Relieves that they are not nearly bo Yvise as himself. If protec- tion were not better adapted than the policy that is known as free-trade to develop the resources of the countries in which it is in operation, and to safeguard the interests of labor, it stands to reason that it would long since have been abandoned by thb people of those countries. Whatever the free-trade party in New South Wale3 may think, it is quite cer tain that no free nation has ever yet clung to a policy that had the effect of decreasing its productive power, and plunging the people into misery.' In his address at the Glebe last night Mr. Smith occupied some time in denouncing protection and eulogis ing the bastard thing he calls free- trade. And we regret to say that, although hejs a well-read man, he did. not hesitate to utter a great deal of the transparent nonsense that J)!£r. Reid and other shallow members of the party are in the habit of using. Any real student of economic science Yvho did not know Mr. Smith could not help concluding' from the report of the lattor's utterances last night that he has no confidence in free-trade, and that he advocates the policy merely for party reasons. OEe or two speci mens of the gentleman's reasoning may be quoted as an illustration of this remark. "He would ask",, he said, "any man who had a family whether he did not pay considerably more on every article constitned under protection than he did under free- trade V' Now, the object of this ques tion was to show that the people were really oppressed by the new tariff. In the first place it has to be remembered that one of the objects in imposing the new duties was to obtain revenue in order to enable the State to pay its way. Every citizen, Mr. Smith will doubtless admit, should be taxed for that purpose, and if so there should be no objection to the fact that taxation has been increased. But the ex- Minister for Works stated in another part of his speech that the new taxation was a mere bagatelle, . and that consequently nobody was being oppressed thereby. He remarked that the ad valorem duties, even though they ivere paid equally by all classes, took only the smallest trifie out of the pockets of the wealthy. It follows from that observation that the duties cannot fall so heavily on the other classes as to justify anybody in calling them burdensome. The fact is that the expenses of a working man have not been increased as the result of tho new duties. Most of the soft goods and groceries that he consumes are cheaper now than they were this time last year. In a most triumphant manner Mr. Smith asked the question, " Has pro tection' increased employment in the country, or given an impetus to pro duction ?" and he ansivered the ques tion in the negative. If he had been a careful observer he could not, pro vided he is an honest man, have given that answer. It is pretty well known that there is nearly twice as much land under wheat this year as there was last year, and that the new duties are the cause of the increased cultiva tion. Possibly Mr. SMiTn is of the opinion that the development of the agricultural business is a national misfortune, and that the impetus which has been given to wheat-growing should not, therefore, be regarded as the expansion of a true industry. It must be clear to most people that if a great deal of additional land had not been put under cultivation, that is, if tho free-trade policy had been kept in existence there Yvould be more unemployed in the country than there are at present. But Mr. Smith cap sized his stupid reasoning on this subject when he said that " a large part of the depression in the colony was due to the Yvild and thought less utterances of a number of the politicians of the country." The effect of the wild talk, he continued, was that confidence in property hud been shaken and capitalists preferred lending their money at moderate in terest to investing it in industries. If capitalists have been driven to this course by the " regenerators of society," what is to be . said of Mr. Smith when he affirms that protection has failed to oreate employment? There is no necessity that we can see for Mr. Smith exhibiting himself as a humbug. Commenting the' other day on a speech delivered by Mr. Reid, we pointed out that the taxation policy of that gentleman provided for placing all the burdens on the Yvorking classes and the landowners, and the exemption, therefore, of Mr. Reid himself and the great majority of professional men. Mr. Smith saw that Mr. Reid blun dered, and hence he stated last night that " theGovernment of which he (Mr. Smith) had been a member had two bills prepared, and they were in charge of Mr. M'Millan, one provid ing for an income tax and the other providing for a land tax." This is the very first information that has been , given concerning those bills, and it has been furnished Very late in the day. "Why Yvas it kept back so long, and produced only Yvhen tho leader of the Opposition had compromised <his party and showd that he was the enemy of the farmers and of the Yvork ing classes? Mr. Smith might have added to the information ho gave by remarking, Yvhich he could have done Yvith perfect truth, that there was not the ghost of a chance of any Ministry led by Sir Henry Parkes introducing a bill for the taxation of incomes. The senior member for the Globe might also devote an evening to attempting to prove that if the taxation of land were substituted for that of imports the condition of the working classes would be greatly improved. Because ! yvo believe that Mr. Smith is a sensible man we are of the opinion that ho Yvas not satisfied YVith his speech when he saw it in print. 