THE AMEEIOAF CLAIMANT. (BY MARK TWAIN.) [All Eights Eeseeved.] Commenced in the Evening News, Saturday, March 12. CHAPTER XI.— (Continued.) Then she marched to the one -vrashstand in the room, tilted her head this way and that before the wreck of a cheap mirror that hung over it, dampened her fingers with her tongue, perfected the circle of a little lock of hair that was pasted against her forehead, then began to busy herself With the slops. ' Well, I must be going— it's getting towards supper time. Make yourself at home, Mr. Tracy ; you'll hear the bell -when it's ready.' The landlady took her tranquil departure without commanding either of the young people to vacate the room. The young man wondered a little tiiat a mother who seemed so honest and respectable should be so thoughtless, and was reaching for his hat, intending to disembarrass the girl of his presence ; but she said — ?? Where are you going ?' ' Well, nowhere, in particular, but as I am only in the way here ? ' ' Why, who said you were in the way ? Sit down — I'll move you when you are in the way.' She was making the beds now. He sat down and watched her deft and diligent performance. ' What gave you that notion ? Do you reckon I need a whole room just to make up a bed or two in ?' ' Well, no, it wasn't that exactly. We are away up here in an empty house, and your mother being gone ? ' The girl interrupted him with, an amused laugh, and said — *' Kobody to protect me ? Bless you, I don't need that. I'm not afraid. I might be if I was alone, because I do hate ghosts, 'and I don't deny it. Not that I -believe-in them, for I don't. I'm only just afraid of them.' ' How can you be afraid of them if you don't believe in them ?' ' Oh, I don't know the how of it — that's too many for me ; I only know it's so. It's the same with Maggie Lee.' 'Who is that?' 'One of the boarders — young lady that Works in the factory.' ' She works in a factory.' *« Tes. Shoe factory.' ' In a shoe factory 5 and you call her a young lady?'' ' Why, she's only 22 ; what should you call her ?' ' I wasn't thinking of her age, I was thinking of the title. The fact is, I came away from England to get away from arti ficial forms — for artificial forms suit arti ficial people only — and here you've got them too. I'm sorry. I hoped you had only Snen and women ; everybody equal ; no dif ferences in rank.' The girl stopped with a pillow in her teeth and the ease spread open below it, contemplating him from under her brows With a slightly puzzled repression. She replaced the pillow, and said — ' Why, they are all equal. Where's any difference in rank ?' ' If you call a factory girl a young lady, what do you call the President's wife ?' ' Call her an old one.' ' Oh, you make age the only distinc tion ?' ' There ain't any other to make as far as Lean see.' ** Then all women are ladies f ' ** Certainly they are. All the respectable ones.' 'Well that puts a better face on it. Certainly there is no harm in a title which is given to everybody. It is only an offence and a wrong when it is restricted to a favored few. But Miss — er — ' « Hattie.' ' Miss Hattie, be frank ; confess that the title isn't accorded by everybody to every body. The rich American doesn't call her cook a lady — isn't that so ?' ' Yes, it's so. What of it ?' He was surprised and a little disap pointed to see that his admirable shot had produced no perceptible effect. ' What of it ?' he said. ' Why this, equality is not conceded here after all, and the Americans are no better off than the English. In fact, there's no dif ference.' 'Now. what an idea. There's nothing in. a title except what is put into it — you've said that yourself. Suppose the title is clean, instead of lady. You get that?' ' I believe so. Instead of speaking of a woman as a lady, you substitute clean, and Say she's a clean person.' ' That's it. In England the swell folks don't speak of the working people as gen tlemen and ladies ?' ' Oh, no.' ' And the working people don't call themselves gentlemen and ladies ?' ' Certainly not.' ' So if you used the other word there Wouldn't be any change. The swell people wouldn't call anybody but themselves ?' clean,' and those others would drop sort of meekly into their way of talking, and they wouldn't call themselves clean. We don't do that way here. Everybody calls himself a lady or a gentleman, and thinks lie is, and don't care what anybody else thinks him, so long as he don't say it out loud. You think there's no -lifference. You knuckle down and we don't. Ain't that a difference ?' ; ' It is a difference I hadn't thought of, I admit that. Still, -calling one's self a lady doesn't — er — ' 'I wouldn't go on if I were you.' Howard Tracy turned his head to see who it might be that had introduced this remark. It was a short man about 40 years old, with sandy hair, no beard, and a pleasant face badly freckled, but alive and intelligent, and he wore slop-shop clothing, which was neat but showed wear. He had come from the front room beyond the hall, where he had left his hat, and he had a chipped and cracked white wash- bowl in his hand. The girl came and took the bowl. ' I'll get it for you. You go right ahead and give it to him, Mr. Barrow. He's the new boarder, Mr. Tracy, and Td just got to where it was getting too deep for me.' ' Much obliged if you will, Hattie. I was coining to borrow of the boys.' He sat down at his ease on an old trunk, and said, ' I've been listening and got inter ested ; and, as I was saying, I wouldn't go on, if I were you. You see where you are coming to, don't you ? Calling your self a lady doesn't elect you ; that is what you were going to say ; and you saw that if you said it you were going to run right tip against another difference that you hadn't thought of, to wit, whose right is it to do the electing? Over there 20,000 people in 1,000,000 elect themselves gentlemen and ladies, and the 980,000 accept that decree and swallow the airront which it puts upon them. Wliy, if they didn't accept it, it wouldn't be an election, it would be a dead letter, and have no force at all. Over here the 20,000 would - be exclusives come up to the polls and vote themselves to be ladies and gentlemen. But the thing don't stop there. The 980,000 come and vote them selves to be ladies and gentlemen, top, and that elects the whole nation. Since the whole million vote themselves ladies and gentlemen, there is no question about that election. It does make absolute equality, and there is no fiction about it : while over yonder the inequality (by decree of the infinitely feeble, and consent of the infi nitely strong) is also absolute — as real and absolute as our equality. ' Tracy had shrunk promptly into his English shell when this speech began, not withstanding he had now been in severe training several weeks for contract and intercourse with the common herd, on the common herd's terms j but he lost no time in pulling himself out again, and so by the time the speech was finished Ms valves were open once more, and he was forcing himself to accept without resentment the common herd's frank fashion of dropping sociably into other people's conversation unembar rassed and uninvited. The process was not very difficult this time, for the man's smile and voice and manner were persuasive and winning. Tracy would even have liked him on the spot, but for the fact — fact which he was not really aware of — that the equality of men was not a reality to hi™., it was only a theory ; the mind perceived, but the man failed to feel it. It was Hattie's ghost over again, merely turned round. Theoretically Barrow was his equal, but it was distinctly distasteful to see him exhibit it. He presently said — ' I hope in all sincerity that what you have said is true as regards the Americans, for doubts have crept into mind several times. It seemed that the equality must be ungenuine where the sign-names of castes were still in vogue ; but those sign names have certainly lost their offence, and are wholly neutralised, nullified, and harm less if they are the undisputed property of every individual in the nation. I think I realise that caste does not exist and cannot exist except by common consent of the masses outside of its limit. I thought caste created itself and perpetuated itself ; but it seems quite true that it only creates itself and is perpetuated hy the people whom it despises, and who can dissolve it at any time by assuming its mere sign names themselves.' ' It's what I think. There isn't any power on earth that can prevent England's 30,000,000 from electing themselves dukes and duchesses to- morrow, and call ing themselves so. And within six months all the former dukes and duchesses would have retired from the business. I wish they'd try that. Royalty itself couldn't survive such a process. A handful of frowners against 30,000,000 laughers in a state of eruption. Why, it's Hercu laneum against Vesuvius ; it would take another 18 centuries to find that Hercu laneum after the cataclysm. What's a colonel in our South ? He's a nobody ; because they are all colonels down there. No, Tracy (shudder from Tracy), nobody in England would call you a gentleman, and you wouldn't call yourself one, and I tell you it's a state of things that makes a man put himself into most unbecoming attitudes sometimes — the broad and gene ral recognition and acceptance of caste as caste does, I mean. Makes him do it un consciously — being bred in him, you see, and never thought over and reasoned out. You couldn't conceive of the Matterhorn being flattered by the notice of one of your comely little English hiils, could you ?' «? Why, no.' ' Well, then, let a man in his right mind try to conceive of Darwin feeling flattered by the notice of a princess. It's so gro tesque that it — well, it paralyses the imagination. Yet that Memnon was flat tered by the notice of that statuette ; he says so — says so himself. The system that can make a god disown his godship and profane it — oh, well, it's all wrong, it's all wrong, and ought to be abolished, I should say.' The mention of Darwin brought on a literary discussion, and this topic roused such enthusiasm in Barrow that he took off Viig coat and made himself the more free and comfortable for it, and detained him so long that he was still at it when the noisy proprietors of the room came shouting and skylarking in, and began to romp, scuffle, wash, and otherwise entertain themselves. He lingered yet a little longer to offer the hospitalities of his room* and Ms book shelf to Tracy, and ask Mm a personal question or two : 'What is your trade?' ' They — well, they call me a cowboy, but that is a fancy; I'm not that. I haven't any trade.' ' What do you work at for your liv ing?' \ ..,',. 'Oh, anything — I mean I would work at anything I could get to do 5 but thus fax I haven't been able to find an occupa tion.' - ' Maybe I can help you j I'd like to try.' ' I shall be very glad. I've tried myself, to weariness.' ' Well, of course, wnere a man hasn't a regular trade he's pretty bad off: in this world. What you need, I reckon, was less book learning and more bread-and-butter learning. I don't -know what your father could have been thinking of. You ought to have had a trade, you ought to have had a trade by all means. But never mind about that ; we'll stir up something to do, I guess. And don't you ajet homesick; that's a bad business, We'll talk the thing over and look around a little. You'll come put all right. Wait for me — I'll go down to supper with you.' By this time Tracy had acMeved a very friendly feeling for Barrow, and would have called him a friend, maybe, if not taken top suddenly on a straight-out re quirement to realise on Ms theories. He ?was glad of Ms society, anyway, and was feeling lighter hearted, than before. Also, he was pretty curious to know what voca tion it might be which had furnished Barrow such a large acquaintanceship with books, and allowed him so much time to read. CHAPTER XII. Presently the supper bell began to ring in the depths of the house, and the sound proceeded steadily upward, growing in in tensity all 'the way up towards the upper floors. The higher it came the more mad dening was the noise, until at last what it lacked of being absolutely deafening was made up of the sudden crash and clatter of an avalanche of boarders down the uncar peted stairway. The peerage did not go to meals in this fashion ; Tracy's training had not fitted Mm to enjoy this hilari ous zoological clamor and enthusiasm. He had to confess that there was something about this extraordinary outpouring of animal spirits wMch he would have to get inured to before he could accept it. No doubt in time he would prefer it ; but he wished the process might be modi fied and made just a little more gradual and not quite so pronounced and violent. Barrow and Tracy followed the avalanche down through an ever increasing and ever more and more aggressive stench of bygone cabbaare and kindred smells ; smells which are to be found nowhere but in a cheap private boarding-house ; smells which once encountered can never be forgotten 5 smells wMch encountered generations later are instantly recognisable, but never recogni sable with pleasure. To Tracy these odors were suffocating, horrible, almost unendurable ; but he held Ms peace and said nothing. Arrived in the basement, they entered a large dining-room, -where 35 or 40 people sat at a long table. They took their places. The feast had already begun, and the conversation was going on in the liveliest way from, one end of the table to the other. The table cloth was of very coarse material, and was liberally spotted with coffee stains and grease. The knives and forks were iron, with bone handles ; the spoons appeared to be iron, or sheet iron, or something of the sort. The tea and coffee cupB were of the commonest and heaviest and most durable stoneware. All the furniture of the table was of the commonest and cheapest sort These was a single large thick slice of bread by each boarder's plate, and it was observable that he economised it as if he were not expecting it to be duplicated. Dishes of butter were distributed along tlie table within reach of people's arms, if they had long ones, but there was no private butter plates. The butter was perhaps good enough, and was quiet and well behaved ; but it had more bouquet than was necessary, though no body commented upon the fact or seemed in any way disturbed by it. The main feature of the feast was a piping hot Irish stew, made of the potatoes and meat left over from a procession of pre vious meals. Everybody was liberally supplied with this dish. On the table were a couple of great dishes of sliced ham, and there were some other eatables of minor importance, preserves and New Orleans molasses, and such things. There was also plenty of tea and coffee of an infernal sort, with brown sugar and condensed milk, but the milk and sugar supply was not left at the discretion of the boarders, but was rationed out at headquarters — one spoon ful of sugar and one of condensed milk to each cup, andno more. The table was waited upon by two stalwart negro women, who raced back and forth from the bases of sup plies with splendid dash and clatter and energy. Their labors were supplemented after a fasMon by the young girl Puss. She carried coffee and tea back and forth among the boarders, but she made pleasure ex cursions rather than business ones in tMs way, to speak strictly. She made jokes with various people. She chaffed the young men pleasantly — and wittily, as she supposed, and as the rest also supposed apparently, judging by the applause and laughter which she got by her efforts. Manifestly she was a favorite with most of the young fellows and sweetheart of the rest of them. Where she conferred notice she conferred happiness, as was seen by the face of the recipient ; and at the same time she conferred unhappiness — one could see it fall and dim the faces of the other young fellows like a shadow. She never ' mistered ' these friends of hers, but called them 'Billy,' ' Tom,' ' John,' and they called her ' Puss' or ' Hattie.' (to be continued.) 