TWO TRAGEDIES. (From tha Detroit Free Press.) CHAPTER VL In a day or two Percy was able to come down stairs and to resume his seat by tho ' office window. "Hi? neck was somewhat " atiff, bnt that was the only material un- pleasantness to remind him of his . encounter with Bully Buell. That worthy had departed, rowing vengeance, bab the village wiseacres did cot think be would return for some time tu come. Indeed, report had it, his ducking mide Bully Buell view existence in a new light-the light thit his boasted supremacy had vanished, and that he, Bully Buell, waa dethroned from the lofty position which he had hitherto so brilliantly occupied. For the present he dsemed it prudent to keep quiet Jest tho law should view wirh too curioui eyes that little freak of his during which he had half murdered his nephew. \a the nephew was getting better and declined to prosecute, there waa every likelihood that in time the fracas would be forgotten and Bully Buell once more assert himself as of yore. Fortunately, however, for mankind in general, and Percy in particular, that time had not yet come. IQ the meantime rercy sac by the window a Dd worked away at the paper Things which were irksome at first became leas so, and he viewed his position wirh more equanimity. There was that deliciously intoxicating essence of novelty about everything which after-experience so surely dissipates. He had not yet ascertained his limitation», and was feeling for them as it were in the dark. From this. Aladdin's window he could see the brown waters of the Ottawa ruffled with the first breath of the dawn. \- Sunrise cama upon him with ever- varying novelty. No' two mornings were alike. He would push the window open and stroll out into the bush, drinking in the balsamic odors of the pines as he glided through stately colonnades or threw him- self at their feet npon the soft needles, and clasped thom in his bands. The fresh, sweet odors of the earth entered into and permeated his being. He could shut bis eyes whilst the woodland voices ministered to him of the thousand and one voices of nature. Further in the bush all was still. Not a leaf stirred ; not a bird was to be seen ; not a squirrel bounded from bough to boa;h. Long-leaved creepers hung from the branches of the trees, and strange, luxuriantly-growing ferns hid the decay .of the fallen pines. Again, out in the pasture was a willow-fringed pond which was haunted by myriads of dragon flies of all colors and sizes. They never settled for more than an instant, and then their bodi-8 appeared to lose color ; but directly they were in motion the trans- figuring light shone through them, and tney were as airily, delicately beautiful as before. One morning he rose at dawn and found his way. to the pond. His hands sought the ice-cold water, and as he dabbled them idly to and fro he was aware of a shadow cast upon the pooL Manda came out and sat down on a log beside bim. There had lately been a -. constant interruption of their intercourse. Mr. Samp Eggleston'a visit to town had not done him any good ; he seemed to be * weak and ailing. He has brightened np somewhat when he heard the tale of all that hid happened in his absence, but he deprecated the throwing of Bully Buell into the Ottawa when, as he said, tar and feathers were so handy. There was a lack of styl« about the proceeding which Mr. Igglëaton attributed to the degene- racy of modern manners. "Still, he looked upon .Percy aa a rising young man, upon whom the editorial mantle might fall when the weight became too heavy for his own somewhat drooping shoulders. " . Manda sat dabbling one slim hand in the water. A snake swam across the pond. She threw a stick at ir, but the reptile ? kepi on ita undaunted way and disap- peared in the rushes on the other side.. Percy waited for her to speak. . ; . ? ; "Won't you put it into words?" he said presently. "I don't feel able to " "Let me help." " Fou can't, very well. Did yon ever experience a vague dissatisfaction with everything and everybody ? " * "Often." . Her eyes brightened. " I am so glad. To fall into backwoad'a slang, I get 'sorter cramped.' Things which satisfied me as a little child-but you'll laugh." " Certainly not" " It seems odd to feel that way on a morning like this when to live ought to be sufficient joy. It isn't though. It makes me melancholy." "You take existence too seriously." " That is it," with the ghost of a smile, " It seems horribly conceited, but it has got into my head that I ought to take myself seriously. I feel as if a misfortune were hanging over me too. I can't get rid of gloomy presentiments ; and then I . am not satisfied with myself." " Why, we are both feeling alike." "But just fancy," she said, "is it. \- natural for two young people to get up in .the morning sad want to dissect them- selves. That alone is a sign that some- thing is wrong with us. We are becoming like Mr. James' heroines. We don't approve cf our3eive3 I don't believe anyone else ever did such a thing before." \- " That is the charm about ns," he jested. "We are two simple children of nature whs can find sermons in stones, as Wordsworth says." .-."li Wordsworth found sermons in atones I believe he put them there first;" she «aid. - v v ! "Let; us persuade ourselves that We ixe serious," fae laughed. " Sometimes I don't; want to be." .'- ' i ".That's the horrible part of it. JSomé» \- times I do ; sometimes I don't. Naturally," I like to take things quietly ; then I get an aotive fie and want to move." He sprang to his feet. "Just look at that boulder I" "Well." "How long do yon supposé it has been there?" 41 Thousands of years." " Very likely. You'll find all about it in the Ottawa foundations in Dawson's book. Thousands of years more may pass, myriads of dawns gladden the world, millions of people be bern, grow up and pass away. These unborn millions wUl probably torment themselves just in the same way we are doing. What is the good of it all 1 Isn't it better to take things quietly ? " " No, ic isn't," enargetfcally. "Aren't yon ashamed of yourself ! Isn't there something-some inner voice-which ' urges yon on ?" "Yes." He^caught the light of her eyes and the enthusiasm of her manner. " There is something, bnt what that some- thing is I don't quite understand.. It can't be for'the good of the race in general or I shouldn't have knocked down Bully Buell, the other day." "Somebody has to move things," said the girl decisively, "and.I am going to begin if I have time." - " Going to begin 1 How ?" " Would not the best plan be to destroy the first obi ect which had a bad influence on youl'' "Certainly." * i ; , .! Well, I'm going to destroy that stone. It shall never more illustrate your text or my morbid imaginings. That will" be doing something practical for all the unborn millions of people who are to succeed us in the years to come. Now,. if we single out this stone for destruction we shall save a good deal of their valuable time." > " In a few minutes they had gathered a pile of brushwood and dead branches Percy brought an armful of cones and pine needles and then set them alight. "'He piled huge broken boughs over the top uta the boulder WM no mort to W seen. Then he rested with an incredulous looked on his flusbed face. "Supposing,"he said; " we return this evening only to Sud the fire gone out and the boulder triumphant ?" " But we shan't. 1 shall bring down a flask of vinegar, pour it on the heated stone, and it will split. Didn't somebody do that in history once 1'' r* Yes ; it hadn't; occurred to me to apply history to ourselves." "Whynot?" " You ore too modest. Why shouldn't we become historical V "I give it up." : ._"iloa't.; This is a new country and whs can tell." :;' They looked opon; each ..other search inglyasif to discover the qualities which were to make them- historical. . These qualities were not apparent on the surface. Still, a little scraping might bring them to light. And after all. were they not young, with the world before them and the years to choose what p»rta to play upon the stage of life ? . By common consent they strolled back to the log, which was bathed in sunlight. The rays played upon thir faces, and tinged them with color. The sweet west wind fanned their brows. In the distance the glimmering river lay before them The air was odorous with the delicate perfume of the trailing arbutus. Trees, pond, flowers, insects were photographed upon their memories. The sonorous sound of the mail-carrier's horn broke upon their ears. " Don't you think we had better go into breakfast ?" sh» suggested. He drew himself up in mock ' angar. " Ah, that is always the case," he said.. "Whenever anyone gets a little bit ont of the world it always summons us back to breakfast." " Yet, ihe replied, "and the world is . all the better for it. Jost think of the dismal things it would have to put . up with if its literary writers were always hungry. It would lynch them all and that would be mach worse than' going without breakfast.". "Do be serious," he said. " Serions 1 I am afraid to be serious. I dare not." "Why!" Her eyes fl taned. " Because' it would break my heart. If I once let myself go I should never rest until I had done something great." '* Isn't that the right way to do it ?" " I don't know," she eaid. " I don't know. Ie isn't for myself. Heaven knows that it is not for myself. But it is hard to set one's self apart from the world, to give np all and to think that the world cares so little in return." " But it will care if you do your duty." " Ah, duty I" " And you can touch its heart." " Heart ! Has it any heart 1 Isn't the world in the aggregate composed of people just like you and me, who want co do what is pleasant for ourselves ? We may sacrifice ourselves sometimes, but isn't there the consciousness that we must come' in contact with other atoms »nd sacrifice them or be sacrificed to them !" " Yes," he said, gently, " that is true. ? Bat if we consecrate our lives to one aim and keep steadily toward it, putting aside the obstacles or enduring them until they wear themselves out, what then 1" " What then? Supposing that they wear us out instead I Supposing that you want to do a particular thing and fit yourself for the doing, and then some humdrum" duty, or terrible secret, may be, is always preventing you, and the time «lip« by days, months, years pass ; and one morn- ing you look in the glass, the first gray hair shows and your dream is ever, and there is nothing left but to sit down and veil your face and, weeping, wait'for death?" She was walking with swifc steps - to- wards the boulder. He overtook her. The fire had gone out. " See," he. said,. " a flame to be kapt alive must be fea. j Feed yourself, and you will then be able to feed others." :-? " Give me some naman sympathy," abe said. " I feel that I shall want it before long. Never mind illustrations. -j:You anderstand me better than I do myself, hut you are so self-contained chat yon will not let yourself go.". ' ; " I self contained ! That is the troubled Get beneath the surface and yon will find I am little bettes than a primeval eavage. There is a horribly fascinating tale of Grant Allen's In which a Fantee, who is educated at Oxford as a clergyman, goes back to the gold coast and becomes a be- sotted savage. It haunts me. How.many people are there who end in the same way?" .'? . Never mind that," she . said, with an inconsequent return to. Ber old - joyous- ness. "I have had me little fling at the world, in general, and now lam better. We will both keep steadily onward, and set this stone here as a cover and reminder that it shall be so." . ? A blee-jrfy seolded from a tree as Manda half jestingly, half solemnly cast fresh flowers upon the blackened surface of the old boulder. "Now," she said," "let us go back to breakfast ; the world can wait until afterwards." . . ^ (To be continued.) - Í 