The Open Column. * A GHOST ABdur. I To tbe Editor,— Sir —Ab there are some folks who do not believe in ghosts a few words of introduction 'will not w ont of place. I may say that when ja .boy X never thought I would be transformed into a ghost and have the -privilege of suddenly appearing before persons who* ?%$' of a nervous disposition. How well I vemember as a bay hearing of a chost who used to make midnight visits -to our village aad torn the haudle of a certain grindstone bytway of pastime. Ghosts are not very particular as to the form they asaame,.sometimes as bats, birds, other times angels, sometimei|blaok, othertimes white. Nevertheless there are ghosts, who dare dispute it ? , W$ll, I am here, and shall * be taking notes among ye.' Who would have thought that a b6xL would have made such a stir. in our. council meet* ings ? I am sura had I appeared there tbe commotion could not have been 'worse. Your genial Mayor has such a Burden to bear that if it were not for tbe Cheek he has he would very probably break down or break through the Window, We are glad to hear before anything serious. t happens Councillor Lucas has decided to -withdraw that box, take out that man, and we hope present that box to the Gawler museum with a request that it be placed-on Hie floor of the House with the perfect skeleton of an aborignat in the middle^ to as to perpetu* ate the memory of the only animated box which ever appeared in Mnrray -street, at which horses have shied: and Gojpmolllors have shied. It grieves -me. much to hear that so many dead bodies have to be removed from the site of the HappyTajUe]ir Reservoir. Nervous persons mil often think of this when drinking the wateiv h I havi. often wondered why the business places in Murray-street are . not nnmbered^lfln they are in other large towns;!1; I ^ijnsuor is directed to Mr. ? , Murray-street,'and has to tramp about a mile soaetimes , witheut knowing how far he is off the place ; when with all the places numbered ilt would be easy. Mrs. O'Brien, be sure your sins have found yon out, all good ghosts say verve yon right. Mrs. O'Brien, why did you uot form an acquaintance with ueemiag and nnlan Dy poisoning him ? Where is your, husband ? O ! the depravity of bnman nature 1 We remember about a party of young wen who equipped themselves with all necessaries to tar and feather Mrs. O'Brien and Mr. Corn* well when at Bilaklava, but finding that Mrs. O'Brien was with her lawful husband, the project fell through. — Vourt,^&o.;, T«e Ghost. 