TheHonso ofimmon. A Story ot the " Black Country ' of South Staffordshire. Br JEANTE GWYKNE BETTA NY. (Published by Special Arranement with Messrs. ..- ,-Ward, Locki, Bolwdcn, uand'CJ - CHAPTER XLVHII.-- C'ontinuel). ' But I sny,-- implor, by -Jove, we are makiung money, old:Rinm6non and I. You think you know every thing, but we could surprise you a bit. Some people save and save and savoiand never enjoy their money.: I don't mean to be like that.' And he poured out a glass of neat brandy, and took a draught without blinking. ' Whlat if my father was a collier, I mean to have a place among county gentlemen, - them. Rokes worth Hall is to let, and I mean to take it. I'm getting richer than them all, and, hang it, why shouldn't I live as well? All, Rimpler, though they hate me, they shall envy me. If old Josh immnon is content to live in that pig-sty, all the better for me. I'll live for'the two of us.' He took another drauglht of brandy, ' And \--me, Rimpler,' hie went on, 'there's some pleasure in living when you canl buy a horse, or what not, that, some noble lord would give his head for, jiust because you've the longest purse. By Jove, I'd- give any price, if I thought one of them chaps wanted it.' All this did not arouse the interest and sympathy in Mir. :impler which it might hal?ve done, had he not known about the missing papers. : The nian who knows that the best horse in a -race]lhas been drugged aud will break down does not show extraordinary acuteness in not betting on him ; so Silas I·implor did not show astound ing acuteness in not backing the House of iimmon ; and throughout Mr. Rimpler's life he had nearly always backed the winner. He rather enjoyed the joke of hearing Hackbit run on. however, and on couraged hinm to talk. I ' Bills of sale are tlhe grandest in vestments,' said Iack[-bit, ' while it can be kept dark ; and ny experienceo is,' he went on in a cunning tone, ' that people who hIave been sold up have not spirit enough left to go to law with you alout it, neither have they the cash,' and Iho burst into a laugh. ' Do you know, in the beginning, Rjliminon wanted to pay me a salary ? 1 soon taught him a lesson. I've had more than lie's had. by Jovo. There's a day for every dog, and lot every dog have his day.' 'Yes,' Mir. Iimplor assented, 'let every dog" have his day. My day'll come next.' And lie pretended to sip his brandy. 'Don't count your chickens before they're hatched,' replied Hackbit, who was now getting much the worse for drink: S-: 'I' don't usuallyv.' retorted Mr. Piimpler. ' Neithier do I get drunk, 'and so see double vhell I'm about counting them, after they're hatched.' This was a little too refined for Hackbit in his present condition, so lie took offence. ' Confound you, do you mean to say I'm drunk?' ' Certainly not. Why,. you've only had: hilf a bottle.' It-was not loung before ho hind the whole bottle, and. his appearance blegan to a,'nrm Iimplor not a little. He: s'ulldeily hu:ig 'Ins 'head dod\in. Sritd looked lowering. At Ist hlie in e tatly fixed his eyes on the door of the room. Iimpler involuntarily gamed in the same direction. He could see nothing. ' .VWhat is it ?' ho said to Hackbit. LIackbit pointed a trembling hand towards the door. The hand had grown very bony since he ]i hadtaken to drinking so furiously, for .he had eaten hardly enough to 'keep body and soul togethelr. c 'What is it?' inquired Rihipler again. ' Don't, you seo those spiders ?' ' I can't say that I do.' "' Theii "vo: fiiiust "bo di iink, or mad. Look iimplor,'!lhe said, rising in agitation, and trembling all .over, ' have you ever seen such .large . spiders ?. Youe can't protend.you don't seo, them.. ; Look, .thby. aro.chasing .each other in two lines; and theyill come down';:" thel y aie cdomiing d6own.. They're :coming -at; me? aniid they're growing bigger.' , ; 'i -Rimplor became more and more alarmed. Hackbit' clutched at the tablecloth and tried to"got on: to the table, but he could not; andtlk t table "cloth came off, and the bottles crashed on to the floor. . . 'Oh,' he cried, shaking ;till the very floor shook, .' theo cloth's full of them too. See how they spread their logs and come out. Oh, lot me * get out of here,' he :screamed'franti cally. 'iThe walls are covcied with them. Are you adevil .that you30 on't help me?' And witlhione more effoirt to escape fronm the eoomi he fell face downwards upon the ground. WVo will sparo our renaders the horrors of the scono whlich followed. Joshua and David RTimmon both chnme at Pllimpler's request; and by tihe doctor's suggestion. Mr. Saltring wts teloographed for. Ilo arrived about eleven o'clock in the morning;' and with him Dr. Towers. Ho had brought this doctor on lhis own responsibilit3y, having, fsuchi gieat faith in himn; and ho took hinm upstairs without any coremony. , ,Ar. Riinnmon was seated in a .chair, lookingtho pictitre of mnisery; Hack bit was sleeping .now; and breatliing very ioavily.:.. Dr. Towers advanced to thei bedsido: and liftiid hisoeyolid,' aidn turned and looked about the room, but. said nothing. ' He'll get better now,' said. Mr. Rimmnon, hoarsely; '.:heo's go.: to sleep. Oh, what ai night woo'v!o h]ad.' ' He'll never wake: again ' replied' Dr. Towers, qinetly. . I have seen cases like this 'btfore.o. It is a pos sible ending to deliriui i trimonrs. They sleep to, death. I cani do no thing for him; so I had better get back.' ' Wait a bit,' said Mr.-Sidltringy. '.I wvant youto witness something.' He was ashy white. He waleked towards the bed. Ho Ilaid one' hand .upon the man who was sleeping his last sleep, and raised the other .above his head, and lookediiupwnrds; - 'Icall God to witness,' he said, ' that I will never sell one drop of any intoxicating liquor again. Anid Iwill rid myself of any property I now pos sess that is the result of the sale of drink.' His raised hand fellby his side, and ho faced round had 'looked at the astonished Joshua and Towers. There is no evil so grent in the wide world as drink.. C'ai it matter whether the poor wretch drinks it at your counter or carrieshisbottle home? The end is the same.' Hoe looked upwards again. 'I pray. the,.God of pity to forgive me for the great wrong I have, done the human race for ever having sold or even given away a drop of this poison, of souls. .Reparation there can.be none. The evil is done.' "Aid Mr. Saltring covered his face with his hands. Dr. Towers, placed liis arm round Mr. Saltring's neck, and said sooth ingly, ' My good friend, God judges us by the motives. Could you, who have the best heart in the world, have ever meant to ruin any one ?' R' Remember the proverb, doctor,' returned Mr. Saltring, without taking his hands from his face. ' '"Evil is wrought :by want of thought as well as want of heart." This has brought it. home to me, brought it home to me. Within the last twelve months,' he said, raising his white face and looking at the doctor, ' cases of spirits have .left my shop enough to bring this'-and he indi cated with his hand without looking Stowards the bed-' to I fear to say I how many homes. Come, doctor, lot us 6'o away. I should like to have sooeen Keziah, but I can't face her. SIf no one hIad sold the brandy, he couldn't have bought it, and he couldn't have drunk it.' ' He didn't buy the brandy of you, at any rate,, said Joshua Eimmon, rousing himself to speak. ' Thlit makes no differoence,' replied Mtr. Saltring. ' Come, doctor, let us go. . ' But while .he spoke, all three noticed that the sound from thie bed had ceased. Towers looked a. moment,' andl answered Mr. Rimmon's look, ' He's gone, poor fellow,' he said. C(JHATER X.L VI. TO*r TOWERhS GOES rUP FOR . is LAST . '' i - LEXAMIX.TIOX. . It wnas hbout tle miiddle of January. Thomas Hackbit lay in Jumley cembetry,' and in the: windows of his house was a notice, 'To Let.' No one hlad made any search for Kexiah. She was missing, and El worthy was missing. The facts seemed to explain themselves. The house of Rimmon was disgraced. Mr. Rimpler had been engaged by Mr..Rimmon, anduwas now residing in his house. .The baby was there, too; and Wnilson had come to nmuso him, at.Mr. Riinmon's request. The other servants lihad been dismissed. Mr. Hl[ackbit had left. no will, as is often the case with those whose business it is to make wills. . During the nlast few weelks ;rs. Tlimimon had aged visibly, and seemed so near breaking up thfat her infirm stato formed a principil reason for Mfo . :Rimmon's engaging Wilson.,' . Mi. Eimmon's hair had grown 'ery- grey, amid. hoe walked with a' ::slow~'d': tep, with his head bent forward, and his shoulders stooping. * But wheorewas Keziah ? , ',,:s a It ias growilg dark one" eveni.rg whlen a ghost of her foriier self yes a ghost ev on of lier cahringed e61f -entered .the gate of "The Hiollies at Bowdon. -Maud h~id been watch ing: !at tho windolvw, anid saw oher anpronbch;aend fle~i: tb:o:e~ o ren ido'r: Iteziah fell inxto her arms, cirying h'ysterically, 'I have. .conm, Maud, olike: beagar to beg shelterl ,,I':have nopifide 'left nowv, 'Maurd." SMa-ad half. c-ixred; halfled h10 intd hie': .favoiiirite sitting -rloml , cooing over her'and callingIhe her lost diii· liiig,h ei, o6n da.liig,. 'andd he ?:-nn Krizz3. I, In aninciediblh shor :''tfine refreshment ,wsas ubrought,,. and .,,tho poor anahderer was fed and i aimedi Ma-ad, flitting lutheri and tlnther, swift as 'ini the bid da's, ,Biiid,'niostofthe things itli her ownm hands, and oily tended inid"forbretli o ?ue'tioni s heor old friend'"' '''E -P WVhdn Keziahr' had eaten,;- and wa~s warm, 'her elaidi droopedur ilon her breast, and i'he' fell. asleep: ohMaud looked at tlhe heiad ~ Vfjiero ,werie all tli shori eir'ls gdOe.,, 'The'har was shorn quite close to ..hei .head. ,And er chee1es, how siiuikeni "tih r e !0 M1aud had placed herself" so that the head might rest against hler and caressedl ritb toenderly 'withr- her .'ahito fingers,; alld dropped l sadald~n' "tears upon it, and remained cramped inl one positioi for noarly twiro hours rather tharin wake her darling.,- Theni Keziah opened her laIrgo startled030es, and. said pleadingly and:.-quickly ' Looki I ri:'ill tell y": !ou.something?. Doi't send me out just yet.: I have nowhere to go to.' Then she recol lected heirsolf, and said, 'Oh, :I waS dreaming. I thought I was backii tle hospital again' Olr, iMaud ' she cdied, flinging Trhi armis about her frienid s nock,' how 'glad :am it is true I'hm' hre. ' Maiid. answered' only,1by3 b her ca reses. " Then i eziah drow'ller'honlead back, and looked inth.:ior friend's eyes in qirinmgl. ' :Do yo~iu ]ikiow ?' she aslk?d. 'H ave you hearid ?" ' 'I)earest Kizzy,' replied Menaud, 'if I have heard, and if 1 know, Ido not reproach you? ', e ". ag4 :' ' Reproachme ?' sai.dKeziah,,,look ing puzzled. ' Well, 'yes, I did pro voke him; but I am repentant now, Maud; I will gb litck!ttihi~inaild beg his forgiveness.' .. ·..--. -.. . Was it possible that K(eziah did not know that her husband was dead ? . It scomed so. She had been in e hos pital, it appeared fromn her conversa-: tion. She mighill~?w hothing. ' Kizzy,' she said, taking the. wan face between her hands-the face thalnt had nothing to recommend it now but its pathos-' Kizzy, jou will -iiever go back to your husband.' Keziah started, not at the words she ihad heard, but at the tone: She looked for more, and did not speak. ' Kizzy, my own love, you are free; your husband is dead.' " Keziah fling herself upon tihe conch, and Sobbed hysterically. ' Oh, thabt I had been a better wife to him,' she cried. 'Oh, that I had been a better wife to him. It might nei-er -have ended so.' And she sobbed aloud. . Mauid knelt by Keziah, and'ilid her head beside hers, and wept with her. She was weeping because she believed her friend had fallen. ' Kizzy,' she said in her ear, 'at least if you did go away with him, you have left him now.' Koziah started up at the words; and looked her friend in the face. ' I go away with him, Maud ! Who dares to say it ? ' JMaud only cried, ' Thank God ' it is not true.' 'True, Maud! ' said Keziah. ' No : I have siuik low, but not so low as that.' ' 011, Kizzy, forgive me .for having believed it,' said Maud, humbly. ' But you see it looked so much like it, thiat you and '-hlie should both disappear. ' He disappear I' exclaimed Keziah, affrightedly. ' Is he not in Leamiuig ton then ?' ' No, hle has never been heard of since that night. Your brother TJubal came in here, and told mo all about it.' Keziah looked very quietly into the fire. And then, as if suddenly recol lecting, said, ' Where is you husband, Maud?' ' He is in London, Kizzy, being ex amined. We will .not talk of him, if you don't mind.' And nho-, Kizzy, had not you better go to bod? I don't think you should talk any more to-night.' ' But I must know one thing more. Of course, my baby lihas gone to father's?' ' ' . ''Yes., nd Wilson, is thlei. with it.' A beautiful smile brokl, 'over Keziah's face, as she heard this, and she said contentedly, ' Then I think I will go 'to bed, Maud.' It must have'boeen ribut 3 o'clock in the morning when both Maud and: Keziahl awoke with a start. ._ They hoaed a fall and a teriible 'cinsh. ' Whatever' an it'be ?' said Maud; and sherflung on her' dressing-gown and went' out. Bti t.lihugh she searched the house'all through, she found nothing w-i'ong, nothing broken, nothliing displaced, nothing of 'any kind to account for the noise. Still, the sound had been. so loud and of so 'startling a character that neither of them could sleep again, so they kept their light burning and talked. K'eziftr61eated: tpo hei..rieid ho:li she had wandered along, the road: to Wolverhampiton in the night time, and' the?f how a breaklcame,'and slIec'ould' remember nothinghuntil she awoke in: one of the wards of the Wolverhamp ton Hospital; and she was, told she had had a fever. r .When she was well enough to go out, the3 had, given her thie i oney •they had "found in' her clothes, and she had come straight to M anichester... ' ', i,?.: ; i:! il. .Then about dawn, Keziah. fell asleep again ; and Mekaud remained Tawake. : The soimd sie hadl ileard liadi been exactly -like the lsmashing , of theio hall-lamp..by; something falling upon it. . When daylight came, she -was glad indeed to end a night of \\-6ndoiringriand silenicb:': : ': e,*,, \- i.; ( s:'To be.Coutinued: , ) .. . -.I? . ? . .. 