KAPUNDA COURSING CLUB. Stewards, Messrs. J. if. Urchard, J. sx. Smith, C. H. Shakeshaft, J. W. White. M.P., J. Von Bertouch, J. Moyle, D. Shearwin, and .T. Rattiniti.a ? .T-iHotl Mr. TL 'R. FT. HODB : Slipper, Mr. M. Faby ; Flag bteward, Mr. 0. G. Smith. That coursing has a strong hold in the North was evidenced by seventy -three applications being made for subscription to the Anlaby Stake, promoted by the Kapunda Coursing Club. With the Btake limited to forty -eight dogs a number of would-be nominators had to submit to standingout.and events proved that even a forty eight dog stake was rather beyond the limits of the country this week. The meeting attracted a number of visitors to Kapunda, the Sir John Franklin and the Lord Palmerston being full on the Monday evening, although the train from Adelaide added very few to the contingent already arrived. Naturally, every one was anxious on the subject of the weather, and with a ]?ght rain falling when the train arrived we were all prepan 1 Tor a wet morning. Fortu nately these gloomy forebodings were not ful fill: d, although wben Mr. David James arrived to take the Preps representatives out in the morning the eky was overcast, and it waj as cold aa they make it in South Australia. Kapuuda has not been blessed with much rain this winter, and with the ro ids in capital order the owner of Adventurous's smart ponies rattled along in splendid style. The scene of the meet was on the banks of the Light, about ten miles from the town. Ai rived here we found a goodly company assembled, amone those present being the Hon. J. Coles, M.P., Messrs. P. M. Miller (of Anlabv), J. dhakt 3, D. James. Dr. Hamilton, Dr. Glynn, Mr. J. W. White. M.P.. &c.; Mr. J. N. Smith took charge of the field operations, while Mr. R. E. H. Hope h.ad come from Clare to act as Judge. The country we 6tarted in was just suited for sport, but as bad luck would have it game was very scarce, and after taking a couple of hares to bring off four trials we had to irove to a less favoured spot. At 1 o'clock a halt was made for luncheon, those who had not provided for themselves partaking of the hospitality of Mr. H. Dutton. For some time after Mr. Hope again took to the saddle game continued scarce, and then we got iuto Eoine scrubby r-ountry, where plenty of hares were found, but the ground was rough and flukey. Several dogs met with mishaps, and damaged toes and stoppers were the rule rather than the exception, -lioth Ruby and Jean had their trials, but the latter had a narrow escape at the hands of Herd Laddie, who only Io3t through his inability to fence. It was nearly dark when a halt was called and the copi TJanv — atuonest whom were a number of ladies — retraced their steps to Kapunda. Un Wednesday we n-ade for Julia Creek. The crowd was not so big as on the first day, and the sport was even slower, a whole day being spent over fourteen courses. The ground was again very rough, although plenty of ni-*e spots were met \\\ .th, but unfortunately these did not contain game. Several doga were unable to come up to time, owing to the knocking about they had received on the fiist day. Ruby gained a decisive victoiy over her co-favourite, Jean, but knocked herself about a good deal in the trial, and in the evening 5 to 1 was offered on the field or the stake. Mr. Dutton was among those present, and in resj rase to a vote of thanks for the use of the ground said the club were always welcome to the use of the Anlaby Estate for their meetings. Mr. Hope's de cisions were all received with favour, and despite the rough country he always kept clcse to his doga. The Slipper also did his work in a most satisfac* ory manner. The Running. first day. After a no-go Cyclorama and Pearleaf were slipped in full view of the crowd. C; clorama, the non- favourite, led up by six lengths, and doing all the early work 'gave Pearleaf no chance of equalizing matters. King Bounce led Triplet's 'our slips, and wrenched several times, after which the hare made up the hill among the crowd, and both dogs were busy at the finish. On the other side of the liver Oliver Cromwell showed more pace than Nora Darling, but the hare stayed too long for him, Nora Darling just succeeding in gain ing the verdict at the end of a long trial. Justice and Wildfire had a no-go. Gelert was too fast for O.K., and did all the early work, but on the hare taking to the timber O.K. did some smart scoring, and Gelert only got home by the k?U. Splendora and Freedom had a long spin on the hillside, the former doing near]- all the work and finishing with a kill. Bell II. led Competency up ; then both un sighted, but getting on the game asrain they ran a long course all iu favourof Bell IT. After luncheon Sam Wellerranhisbyewith O.K., who appeared to beat the old dog at the finish. Juno did most of the scoring seen in her trial with Sluggard, and wound up by killing. Di mon was up first through Tom Harrington vusighting, but on the two getting together the latter showed great superiority, and even tually Demon stopped. Tom Harrington ran into a stump and cut himself badly. Max and Fancy Queen had a pretty go all in sight of the crowd. Max was up first, and then the work was very even, the dog just securing the verdict. Forest King and Colleen Lasa were slipped in some very rough country, and with the Colleen refusing to try at any part of the trial the dog won easily. Ruby was just able to get up before Chemist. The hare then took to the timber, and Ruby workins very cleverly won easily. Jean and Herd Laddie bad a regular crueller. The dog lo?t sight in 'oing out of slips, but soon drew ahead of the b'tch, and was a winner until it came to fencing. At the first obstacle lie lost ground, and stopping altogether at the second Jean ?n iped off the score against her and _ won. Comet was much too good for Disraeli in a short spin among the trees. Miss Harrington led Daunt'css by favour, and after getting an advantage in the early e::uhanges she out stayed her opponent and gained a decisive verdict. After a no-go Strathmore led Red skin. Then several exchanges took place in the t:-T.ber, but Strathmore always hid some thing in hand. Barley Bree drew out ttn lengths from a long slip, and after a couple of turns Exile killed. Oiizaba was too fast for Venture, and the trial betwr?n Bluey and Unlucky Guss was pro nounced undecided. Marley'B Ghost and Flying Column had a vary long go. Very little was Eeen, but Marley's f 'host always had the advantage. Euchre and Jezebel were very evenly matched. Euchre was ud firat, and then they had a good eiveand-take go, there being little to choose between the pair at the finish. SECOND DAT. Unlucky Gnss ran a bye. Bluev being too kmn tn tm into plina. The trial between Mecia ana veronica was a very nuKy one. All the work was done in the tussock3, and the bare turned to Hecla, who S'-ored twice and killed. Broken Hill, who went into the slips l?»ne, had a bye. He stopped socn after the start. Second Round. — King Bounce wa3 quickest from slips, but Cyclorama drew by on the outer circle and won very easily. Bell II. did most of what was seen with Sam Weller, but after gettingover the range shehad had enough, and Sam Weller succeeded in out ounting her. Splendora did not sight, and Gelert worked the hare over the hill. When Splendora got in she wrenched three times and killed. Juno had a bye, Tom Harrington being unable to go into slips, and previous to this Justice had had a bye owing to Nora Darling not being on the ETound in time to go into slips. Max led Forest King and wrenched twice, when Forest King killed without any merit. Ruby led Jean and put in some rapid work. Then Jean got placed, and after some good even work the hare got over the railway line, and Ruby won by five points. Comet beat Miss Harrington in the longest course of tbemeeting, the winner showing decided superiority. Barley Bree led Strathmore, and did all the early work. Then the latter drew, but Barley Bree came again, and after he had made a few wrenches Strathmore killed himself out. Ori zaba was very sore on going into slip3, and Lucky Guss did nearly everything in a lone: course. Marley's Ghost had an ea«y task with Euchre, who was too sore to act in' the rough countiy. THIHD DAT. The following are the results : — Second Tie?. Justice beat Cyclorama. Sam Weller beat Splendora. Max beat Juno. Ruby beat Comet. Barley Bree beat Unlucky Gus?. Marley'a Ghost beat Hecla, Third Ties. Sam Weller beat Justice. Ruby beat Ulax. Barley Bree beat Marley's Ghost. Fourth Ties. 8am VltOm beat Ruby. Barley Bree fan a bye. Deciding Course. Mr. L. Harder's bk.w.d. Barley Bree, by Kildare— Bruuhilda, won, Air. N. A. Mes senger's br.w.d. Sam Weller, by Swiveller— Young Betsy Baker, being drawn. 