STRANGE REMEDIES. Credulity and superstition are not confined to the lower classes alone in Ireland. A story told me as an actual fact by an educated lady, the daughter, and sister of a clergyman, might very well be classed as an instance of both. We were discussing the subject of charms, and I was surprised to see that she believed in them herself, as did also her reverend brother. "I cannot doubt what I know to be true myself," she said; and told us the following tale, which I give in her own words:—"There was a man in our village, a respectable shopkeeper, who was afflicted with an enormous tumour in his cheek. I well remember the feelings of awe and curiosity with which I used to inspect his profile in church when I was a child. He sat a few pews in front of us, and I could not resist the temptation of watching him all through the service, and look- ing for the grotesque effects of his enormously exaggerated cheek. His infirmity seemed to increase with years, and the poor man was a frightful object. One day not long ago I passed a man in the village street whose face I seemed to know, and yet I could not think of his name. It suddenlly dawned upon me it was Mr. — with- out his swollen cheek! I could hardly believe my senses, and followed him into a shop on purpose to see if it really could be the men I had seen only the Sunday before, so marvel- lously changed in such a short time. Yes, it certainly was Mr. —. He addressed me first, saying, "I suppose you hardly recognise me;" and he then told me how he was cured. It was by a charm! He was advised to go out the first night the new moon was visible, and, after saying 'In the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost,' to to wave a dinner-plate round his head nine times towards the new moon. He did so; and in the morning his tumour had completely disappeared!' Such was the tale told to me and implicitly believed in by an educated Irish lady. The lower orders of Irish are as a rule rather hypochondriacal, and they are fond of trying peculiar remedies for their aliments. A favourite poultice for wounds is a praffin candle scraped and some cabbage, all boiled together. A simple but rather unpleasant remedy for a cut leg was recommended to an old man— it was to sit with his leg in a boghole all night. This he tried with perfect success. His leg got quite well; but, as he died of bronchitis a few days afterwards, he did not long enjoy his "perfect cure." A carpenter who in chopping wood had cut a slice off his shinbone with the hatchet, first applied a poultice of nettles and salt. This not healing it immediately, he put on a bandage soaked in Venus turpen- tine. As the wound remain obstinate, and even got worse under his gentle treatment, he determined to be firm with it and show it he would stand no more nonsense; so he burned it with blue-stone! He did not loose the leg! but but did not recover until less heroic remedies were used. A poor man suffering from inflammation of the eye caused by a thorn, had blue-stone blown in. He did losse [sic[ the eye. A favourite remedy for every kind of internal pain is hot vinegar punch; indeed, vinegar taken cold or hot is considered almost a specific for every- thing. It must be comforting in some cases! It is much used for a wheezin' on the heart," which is the commonest complaint of all. They are a kindly and sympathetic race, always ready to help each other in cases of sickness, either with nursing or good advice; but I fear in most cases the remedies prescribed are far worse than the disease. A village tragedy occurred in my own knowledge. A young black- smith whose wife had presented him with their first baby was horrified to find that the infant had been born with teeth. So unusual an event must be unlucky; so the poor baby's teeth were drawn by the unskilled blacksmith. The baby died; and the mother, shocked and grieved by the scene, died soon after- wards. 'But sure he'd never have had luck or grace if them unlucky teeth hadn't been dhrew [sic]." MASHONALAND.—"I have given the best proof I can of the belief that I have in Mashonaland," said Lord Randolph to the journalist who inter- viewed him at Southampton on behalf of the Financial News, "by investing in that country all my available capital I have purchased a half- share in a gold-mine, and become a partner in a firm of prospectors. I have left behind me two gentlemen to watch my interests. But judicious invest- ment is one thing and the wild speculation which might induce people to clock into Mashonaland or to foolishly risk their money there is another. The latter course is bound to end in ruin and disaster." Lord Randolph here proceeded to make specific charges of fraud and mis- representations against a certain com- pany, to which he declares he will return when the fitting opportunity arrives, and adds that he is perfectly prepared to risk all the consequences. "I have been content to take nobody's reports; I have submitted to my personal examination and to the exam- ination of the mining expert, Mr. Perkins, everything that has been placed before me. Mr. Perkins has examined at least 100 reefs, and we have not found them capable of pro- ducing gold in payable quantities. I do not say that there is not in all Mashonaland gold-bearing quartz capable, as stated, of yielding 1½ oz. and 2 oz. to the ton, but I do em- phatically say that I have not seen it. The gem of South Africe is the Transvaal. Why is the centre of a tree like a dog's tail?—Because it is farthest from the bark. Fastidious beggar.—A beggar asked for a bit of bread and butter the other day, and on a couple of slices being brought to him he indignantly refused it. "What's the matter?" asked the donor; "isn't this good bread?" "Yes, the bread's good enough," said the beggar. "Well, isn't the butter good, too?" "Yes, I've no fault to find with the butter!" "Well, then, whay is the matter?" "I don't like the way it is spread!" growled the fastitdious mendi- [?] 