RICHMOND RIVER, ECHOES. | RAILWAY questions connected with tho Rich- mond River district ar« " in the air"-Home of them, perhaps, not in a sense contemplated hy the ingenious countryman of MAX O RELL who invented that somewhat ambiguous phrase. But, there is no feverish excitement. All excitement worth mentioning died out as far as the upper part of the Richmond is concerned-at tue identical moment when the Hon. "Spruce" SMITH lovingly dandled a piece of the Richmond soil on the end of a navvy's shovel amid the enthusiastic plaudits of assembled thousands. There is a mild interest taken, however, in the matter of railway communication with Grafton and tho Tableland, hut there aro no wild spasms of fooling displayed. We have o»r railway, and feel n soothing sense of conviction that tho first Ministry which lui« the necessary funds will give us communication with other parts of the colony. The importance of a direct line which will bring us in touch with tho country extending around tho Tenter- field terminus and tho New England district generally is insisted upon, of course, and very naturally; but at tho same.timo, the pooplc of the Richmond would warmly support n lino connecting them with their neighbours on Clarence. They regard th» hist mentioned lino as an inevitable outcome of a proper system of railway communication intended to developo the resources of tho combined districts. IT is a complex problem why minor railway sellemos should excito people hr tho face Of the present unsatisfactory condition of the country's exchequer, hut some of the people of Ballina are very anxious to worry along their much coveted line to Lismore. Con- sidering tho vast importance of Ballina jicmc it is curious that, some of its prominent resi- dents should feel so exercised in theil1 minds about connecting themselves with Lismore. They do nevertheless, and the amiable assur- ances of Mr. PERRY, M.P., that, whoif tho Lismore-Tweed railway is constructed, branch lines will he formed will probably (inly soothe their feelings for a time. At a recent meeting the gentle»nwi who made a survey of the proposed lino was referred to in terms which would have made his blood curdle if he we're not a hardened goTwrnmoiit official. It was pointed ont that hi» could not have formed any accurate opinion during such a Hying visit, and other things of an unpleasant kind wore hinted at. Probably, the poor official who was so "slated"|w(iuld have come to tho same conclusion that he did arrive at if ho had interviewed all the people in tho district, and kissed all their babies as if he were a candidate for Parliamentary honors. lt is only fair to say tlint.some (if tho speakers nt the mooting thought tho matter "inoppor- tune." Woolamie and Coraki also have their rail- way "views" as to the proper connection ol' the Clarence and Richmond rivers. Tho resi- dents of this part of the electorate wish to have the line to Iluka constructed. In tho abstract, they have as much right to demand a railway as* tho residents of other parts of tho district. Whether they have tho remo- test chance of getting that railway is a ques- tion which depends on circumstances that are still /'*/ iiiibihiiH. In tho sweet by-and- bye perhaps-every district will have, exactly what it wants in the way of railway com- munication. Meanwhile, tho residents of all parts of the country will go on agitating by tho medium of Progress Associations and other powerful moral and persuasive engines, and hy letters to " our members." Tn all these matters tho position of the country financially appears to fie overlooked. It is quite clear, however, that cominimlcation between the Clarence and the Richmond, and the latter with tho New England districts, must he undertaken before long, unless the country mildly gives up the ghost. The deposits in the branch of the Australian Banking Co. at Grafton amounted to £5300, creditors' current accounts £313 18s lld. Borough Council of Armidale advertising fora loan of £8000 for 10 yeiirs uta rate of interest not to exceed fl per cent. i The first shipment .ot butter'from tho Wau- chope dairy factory'realised ls 8d per lb.' * 