Echoes of tlje Week. BY GEORGE -AUCipiS SAli, ALL aUBBJlSLAVD b1qhts BE8EI1VED.V ' ' No; XXV. " \- It is to ho presumod that as Christmas' and the Now Year havo pomo and gone, to the uni versal warming of tho cooklos' of our hearts, and there Is a, Buroeaso in the devouring of turkey, beof,.:'and pudffing'Vand tho uanto-. mimes havo all boon brilliantly sucoussfal, und, in brief,' that .tho' holldaya are' beginning to wane, and wo have taken with any hut joyful feelings to the opening of the ' onvolopes onahrinlng tho Chrlatmaa bills, Her Majesty's Socrotary, of State for Foreign Alfaira has found timo to toko into consideration the sen tences of fine and . imprisonment passed on Boxing Day by. the Tribunal of Correctional Polioo at St.. Etionno, in France, on two Englishmen named respectively Cooper and Bedwell, who, on evideueo whioh a good many people on this sido of the ohannol will bo dis posed to think glaringly insufficient, woro Con victed of ospionago, in ondeavouring to pur-' ohaso patterns of rifles and carbines from a Government small arms faotbry. « « Naturally, it is not for so humble an indi vidual as mysolf to impugn tho justice of this sentenoe'; still it must bo admitted that tho perusal of the proeeodinga leaves a remarkably unploasant taste in tho mouth. Ono dooenot liko to rood of Englishmen who, nationally, are nothing if thoir condnot bo not frank, open, and aboveboard, being treated as spies at all. -Then it should bo borno in mind that tho two men had boon in solitary oonflnemont for somo woeks ; that they were found guilty on the evidonoo of a single witnoss, a French workman, who seems practically to havo played the detestablo part of un "agent prooureur " ; that they worn tried without a jury and by an inferior tribunnl instead of a Court of Assize. Of oourso tho Marquis of Salisbury and the British ombnssy at Paris, havo looked carefully into tho onse. Still, one oimnot holp fancying that had ono John Honrv Tomple, Viscount Palmerston, boon in Downing street wo should have heard eoraothuig ere tiuH' about the oiris Eomauus whoso status was so notably vindi- oated years ago in tlie oasu pf tho interesting Don Paoiflco. I noted that tho prisoners wero subjeoted on thoir arraignment to interrogatories from tho presiding judge, whioh moanu simply that a prat'ty and oxpsriotioed Fronuh lawyer did his utmost to make two unsqphistiostcd foreigners orimlnate themselves. Prsviously, thoy had heeu handed, worried, and browbeaten over and over again by tho examining magis trate or judge d'instruotlou, an official who traditionally prides himself on his dexterity in bullying or oajoling prisoners into "acknow ledging tho corn." # j It is a pity tlint our countrymen interro gated nt St. lit icons lind not read the rnport of tho trial for high treason of the famous Chnuun ohieftaiu, Georges Cadoudal, charged with conspiring to ussassinate tlie Emperor Nupolcon I. when tho presiding judge began to inter rogate Geovgoa tho undaunted Chouau stopped him: "Find out for yourself," ho said ooolly. "I have lived too long iu England " — Georges was woli lniowu tti Mr. Pitt--" to answer, questions only, intended to hring my iioek undcg, tho kuit'e of the guillotine." Ho was, it.is, true, guillotined in the long run ; still the snub whioh ho administered to President Tburiot is worthy of remembrance. There was held nt tho 'time of Merry Christmas an inquest on an elderly female of ill. whose death, so the jury fobnd. was due to inflammation uf the internal organs, accelerated by want, of foot! and niedieul treatment. One, or tho wituesahs examined was the grandson of tho deceased, a lad of 13, who, by working- hard, earned the magnificent wages of fivo I shillings and sixpone.0 a week. On 'those cloven I weekly Bixpeuoes tho toy and hia grandmother lived j. the old lady sometimes earning an qxtrn. j shilling or two' by , " clobbering " or mending j up old troiLsern aud resetting them. They ; lived in one room, for whioh they paid half u crown a week, \vbat do you sav to that, my dog ? What do you say to that, my cat What do you say, Mr. G. B. Sims ? Unfortu nately thorci has boon a glutof small heroes and 1 heroines in humblo life latoly ; and I have como across vory fow oxpres3ioius of public sympathy with small Joseph Clifton, aged 13, of 0 Beu'jonson road. Shad well, E., who kept ! his grandmothor and himself on as. lid. a week. i Tho landlady of tho houso in Ben Jonsou road was a compassionate soul, aud although tho poor old grajmy was in arroavs with her' 'rent she did not. turn her out. "She wad'h. very honest woman," quoth tho compassionates landlady. But where woro tho. parson' 'of the parish and his oiu-utes 'i Whcro woro the Romuu Catholic priests and tho Dissenting mimstors.? Where was tho diatriot visitor? Where was the relieving officer ? Echo answers " Where ! " Wliat do you think of that, my cat ? What do you think of that, my dog ? > « « I have always refused to believe that thero in nothing in a namo. Just rend over tho list of tho hridosmaids— nevor mind their . nobiliary titles— who aro to oflloiato at tho wedding of tho Dnkn of Claronoe and Avoudnlo aud the PriuocSB May, und toll mo whether you think . i there is nothing in such appellations as Murray, i Hamilton, Thynno, ..Lindsay, Loveson-Gowor, I Grevillo, and Molynonx. Why hero is tho I suggestiveness of half a dozen stirring chapters of history compressed into ono tiny puragraph. e e Woe is me !— Is it really a nose of being woful ? — I shall not witnoss the royal marriage in St. George's Ohnpel, Windsor. I have "hacked " my annual holiday for six weeks; and by tho middlo of Fobijuiuy I hope (D V.) to bo wandering among tho palms and temples of tbe south. Some other pouny-a-linhig hand must desoribe tho niipitals of Prince Albert j Victor and his winsome bride. I do not envy ; Mm his tdsk, for it is really noxt door to ' impossible to import tho slightest element of I novelty into tho account of a royal wedding. # w , ! The Duke of' Olnrehco nnd Avondnlo is a ; K.G., so additional splendour may bo lent to . tho function at Windsor by his being married : in the robes of tho Gartor — the very noblest i und most imposing coromonial costumo in tho whole world. Put then, if I mistake not, tho Princo of Wales himself, the Duko of Con- uaught, nnd tho Duko oi ' Albany wero similarly robed on' similar occasions. For .the rest, the pageant iu St. Goorge's, maguittoent 'as it ie- hus toeomb slightly mohotpnous'. , Horhlibi- gontlomah-ushors iii daily whiting, ohamber; ' ! fiiiifs, and'vioo-ohamberlains, with white stave, I and walking baokwards ; big bouquets, ; ! trumpotoi's, boefoaters, iho'"WeddingMaroh." i | And perhaps a sorap from Waguor or Moyer.-; ' boer;an anthem, a plethora of scai-lot uniforms, ; gold laoe, ribboiis, stars .and orossos et toila I leut ! ' . \- « ' : Stay ! rashest of rash prophets. Forbear from these possibly vain forecasts of the Aozaton. . Now tnat'the Bisliop of Glouooster nnd Bristol has walked in solemn praoosston,' pontiflonlly arrayed in -oopo and mitre, and with his pastoral staff — not a crozier. mind yoUT— borne before him,' it may bo that at tho approaching nuptials tho episcopal celebrants, the Demi of St. George's, und the capitular body may put iu an uppoaranco iu dahnntiosof purple velvet and golden and othor gorgeous vostmonts presoribed by tho rubrio to be usod in collegiate ohurehos, but furiously denounced by an uncompromising I old Puritaiflcnl writor by tho namo' of John Milton. j : ,- . Foarfulwns the wrath of Milton in lOflwl'tli , tho ritualists of hia' time.'' It is good, for the ; sako of studying , strength and directness in \- diotiou to' listen to his iierae inveotivo iu the ' traot called "On Eoformntion in England'.' : ,- Henr-'J.M;' oir "the new- vomited paganism of aonsual idolatrv." "Thby hallowed it. they fumed it, they sprinkled it, they bedecked it, I not- in robes 'of purb.innboonoy, but of pure- j linen, with other . deformed and fantastic > devices, . in palls and mitros, gold and geogaws fetched frohi- Aaron's old wardrobe and tho I Flaracn's vestry." Ah I thoy were masters of tlio flno old'art of 'abuso, . those ' theologians of tho past. : If an ' Anglican bishop vontures to /km a cope '.and (initre- nowaday a, thoussump-. tn is only protested bagainat. in a fqw timid » i to tho newspapers. ' . '.T ' ' .' . . t have not Dr., B. W. Richardson's "Field, of ; Disease;" - nor, ./Dr. Tanner's " Index of i Otseases by.mo just now, so I am unablo to -leU whether those learnod-authorities, or either of theiri, havo.anything tp. say about a malady called " beri-ben '.'-T-a malady touohing whioh ; I havo been reading a -horrify ingaccount in the laucel. It is in tho .Maluy Donlqaula and among the Chinese coolies that beri-tori is found but it is an, impartial ailment, and freely attaoks . inen, ' wdmen, and ohihlren of other nationalities.- The, sufferer from " berl-beri" has always a sensation of intolerable weight in the chest, arms, or legs, honce it is conjootured that- tho name of the dlseaso is derivodfrom tho Sanskrit word, "Chora," a.- weight. Poor living; had olothing, and inaufficiont aooommodation, and exposure to the weather are all provooativo of "heri-beri." I should think that a euro way of catohing tho disease, which is both endemio' and epidemio, would be keeping your. aged, grandmother and yourself on 6s. 6d. a -brook, - or writing leading articles in the newspapers. After a little timo yonr your, limbs begin to swell, and vou have a burn ing fover, and thon you die. Surely that poor woman in Ben .Tonson road, Shadwoll, E., must.havo had a touch of " hori-heri." Room, for tho Molloha "—or " Moolahs " — who havo come forward in Foraia as advocates of freo trade in tobaoco. Tho"Mollaha" are Mahometan olorics. Thoy do not liko the Giaour, Still lcs3 do they approvo of tho.oon- oession of ii tobacco monopoly recently con- cedod by tho Shall to an English corporation or oompany. ;So' the Mollahs at Tolieran, like the ",Baan-whubkers " in Hans Breitmann'a ballad, have " raised Cain and broken things." Tho priests, have 'stirred up tho people; and the Persian Government has becomo alarmed, and the concession of tho tobacco monopoly has boon rescinded. 1 Your Mahometan olurios aro terrible folks to deal with. It was tho militant opposition of tho Softas of Stamboul— theological studonts there — who wero mainly strumontul in tho ovorthrow of tho Sultan h Abdul- Aziz, and driving that luckless Padieha in commit' "soissbr-bide." . -tJiii a Talking of the land of tho Into Xclxos ro- minds me that I. have an ostcemod friend who is vory proud of his deooration of tho Fersiau Order ot tho Dion and Sun. It is for his in formation I mention that in an old magazino for tho year 1810 I road lately that tho Ordor of the Lion and tho Sun was virtually the creation of tho First Napoleon. In 1808 General Gardaune, the Frenoli ambassador at I Tohorou, anxious to promo to an aliianoa totwosu Frnuoe and Persia, with tho ultimate ubjeet of invading British Iudiu, ptirsuiuled tho j thou Shah to establish tho order of chivalry in ' question. Th» Lion was to typify Napoleon ; the Sun tho fllinli. Tho starot the ordor wub oiferod to tho British Ambassador, but ho in- (liguitutiy refused it, as being the device of "an impudent Frenchman," ' Somo months' ago I wus violently abused in . some trade journals und by tho snerotacy of a body of people culling themselves the Grocers' Protection Assoeia'.iou or sotne- i tiling of that. , ltind. for tho rouson tluil j I had said that although grocers might be, individually, honest inon, there was 1 prevalent a pernicious uiuuunt of adulteration, ' both of fouu and drugs. I trailed the iibtii'e "'with contempt, and did not condescend to rop!.v I to un insulting letter nduresscd to the Sunk' .,y Times on tho subject: ' But Time — good old Tune ! — has a way of bringing ntout the str/ingoM of revenge. The ."all Mai! ffuzetta has just published a roeolvl of tills year's adulteration of food and drugs, iu:d lintlioiist of . articles oxainiued by the public .nnaiysta appear., milk, broad, Hour, butler, octree, cocoa, sqgar, mustard, jam, tea. lnnl, wiue, boer, spirits, and drugs. Jam aud tea were found to hctwholly innocent of sopiiistion- tiou. Broad, flour, wine, and beer wore nearly, but not quite inunaoulato. Out of 11,076 sompion of- milkil.iiSi) were found to be udnl- torated ; there wore !i(i6 cases of adulterated coffee to 1,738 samples analysed: there wore 18 instanoeB of adulteratod pepper iu 1,379 sample?, and no less than one-third of 93 samples of cocoa aunlysod wore condemned ; and altogether oat of 'i7,dUu somploB of miscel laneous commodities oxamincd 11,069 were not wholly genuine. Of course, it is not the retail tradasmeu who aro tho adulterers. I never said that thoy woro. But thero must bo some body who falsifies our food ; and tho publio want to know who that somebody is, # » -Has unyouo yot arrived at tho discovery of 'tho genesis oi'. tlie slang word "oof" — signifying monoy — the origin of which did so perplex tlie judge in the great, prigged pearls ia isc ? Of course it was in the columns of tho tiporting Times that the " oof bird " first " eang in tho bower": but whioh of "Mnstqr's" \- young men was it who first drow attention to tho vocalisation of tho reinurkablo feathered biped in question ? "Oof," a sporting friend l tells me, is only a horse's hoof, prouounoed after the maimer of tho classic land of Cockaigne, and as it is by moans of tho hoof of a racehorse that turfites usually hope to win monoy, the metonymio process by -which "hoof" or "oof'.' was inudo to'moun money becomes obvious. . « e - » Tho Ainorioans havo another word for ' 1 tho root of all evil spoolc," to_ wit. Down in tho valley of Virginia tiioro is a spot eallod " Old Powell's Spook." Old Powell used to j coin gold eagles -and silver dollars in defiance of tho authorities of tho 'United States mint ; I but having entered into a compact with tho foul fiend ho was able to liialco real gold and silver money. Boing unable, through four of detection, to apond his treasure frooly he buried it in liugo 'chests, tho whereabouts of which hus not yet beon discovered, and which aro said to bo guurded bv u ghost or goblin of Dutch oiigendrure knoWrt ns a " spook." Another cuso of motonvmy. e i . » Tho death of tho Duko of Dovoushiro has led to tho publication of a number of aneodotos exemplifying tho traditional "courtesy of -tho Oavondiahes." This reminds me of a story wliioh Augustus Mayliow used to tell, amus ingly illustrating riot only the courtosy but tho klna-hoarteduess of '-'the great noblemiui just deceased. - ' | i- . , i There had.hoen a.great foto ai Chataworth ; | and according to tlio oommondablo custom of I. Uio Oavondishes, . ..the fragments of the fonst were on. the morrow morning distributed . among the . neighbouring villages. Tho duko ' und a friond wero taking an early walk whon , at a cottage door, thero appeared, apparently in . : great agitation, an. ancient anmo, who, ; brnudiBhiug tho carcaso of a cold roast chiokcn, thus addressed tlie Lord of Chataworth, " Duke, fluke, what's this. Steward's sent ma down a | fowl wi'. only ouo log; it's a iihame, it is!" His Grime' gravely oxamincd the partially dis membered carcaso, and replied, " My good woman, there had boon a sad mistake." You shall have a fowl with four legs." And that very afternoon ho sent hor a fine fat goose. ' Sir William AVhitc, G.O.B., G.O.M.G., Her Britonnio Mujesty'a Ambassador at Oonstanti- noplo, has died suddenly at Berlin, where he was spending the .Christmas holidays with his family. ' I had tho. honour to know thedooeased diplomatist : very, woli. - Ho was also an old friend of my lifelong oollbaguo iu letters, Mr. H.; Sutherland Edwards,, who was special .correspondent Of. tho Times in Poland during tho last Polish insurreotioh/'wheh. Sir William, thoii Mr. Whito,.wiiR oonsul.nt /Warsaw. He had ontered tho publio service, I believe, ns olork iu the British eousulate at Dantzio ; and there have boon few instances, I should say, of a subordinate ( pivil servant raising hiinsolf, exclusively by hi own talents, .integrity, and perseverance, to euoh oxulted rank end prestige as were attained by Sir William Arthur White. If oyer there was' a, born diplomatist it wus the late . " Eloffl" , to the Subliino Porto. In tbe -winter of 1876 I oamo aoross Russia:to Odessa,, hnd -thence, >by tho Blaok Sea, to Con stantinople, where tho conference of . ambas- sadora was then sitting, in the hope of averting tho , inevitable conflict between Russia,, and Turkey. , At tho, Hotel do Byzance, Pera, I found Mr. White, who was_ tlien only consul- gonoral/and Agent in Servia. 'Ho and dthen south- oast Europe and Leyantine consuls had been sent for by the .Marquis of Salisbury, tho just arrived ambassador . extraordinary, to confer . on the situation, and I beliove that it was Lord Salisbury's thorough appreciation of Mr. White's exceptional aptitude for high diplomacy, oombined .with his , thorough familiarity with thoSolaVonio languages, that led our present Prime Minister to the conclu sion that Mr. W. A. White was a man who deserved to go far, and, who must be qneour- aged to go very far indeed. : '.' . .. ' The Hotel do Byzanoe was orowded from basoment to garrat with oharges d'affaires, secretaries .of legation, attaches, consuls, fiflan- oiei-s, army contractors— tho last scenting their nfrom afar off— art special correspon- s, with a by .no means inconsiderablo sprinkling of Russian spies. All kinds of colebritics, not staying in tho houso itself, would turn up at tho table d'hote : Tlie late Viscountess Strangford, Hobart Pasha, Alex ander MacGahan, Eugene Schuyler, poor Fred. Bnrnaby, Mr. Rassam of Nineveh and Abyeei- nian renown, Antonio Gailenge, F. Borrere, Dr. Schneider (of tho Cologne Onset to), Kai ta loipa. In this misoellanoous throng of people with "plenty of brains," Mr.' William A. White moved dlsoreotly, deftly, nnd diplomatically. . It was liis friendly oustoro to pay me a visit every morning ubout a quarter to eight, during tho " oafo an lait " stage of oxistouoe, and we would hold a merry dlscourso, during, whioh I used to do my best to learn something from nun. no Know so muen. At eleven we nu mot at tho dojeuner a la fourchette ; and upon my word, from what I wnH told, II.B.M. Consul and Agent in Servia seemed to have paid an early morning call to at least three- fourths of Iho guosts at tlio Hotel de Byzanco. Did he begin his round of visits at 6 a.m., I wonder ? But suroly- that is the way to got on in diplomacy. Know us much about other people ns you can, but let other people know as littlo about you ns possible. « ' Thero is an ill considered paragraph in one of tho morning papers about the deceased Ambassador. " For Bome unaccountablo reason tho undertakers wero not allowed to sond a regular hoarse to tho hotel to romove Sir William White's remains to St. Hcdwig's church, and a furniture van hud to be used." To anyone possessing contiuoutal experience the reason for thiB undignified proceeding will bo very easily accounted for. Foreign hotel koopers hold death, whon it' occur within thoir walls, iu horror. They nro ex tremely reluuiant to let it bo -known that anyone has paid tho deht of nature in their establishment, thinking that their business will bo injured if tbe occurrence gets wind. Honoo the substitution of u furniture van for a " regular bourse." 