TALK( WITH A DIVER. DANCERS OF THE CALLING. "I'm not going to tell you about ghosts under water, corpses si:ting upright in the staterooms of steamers, with books open on their knees, as if they had been reading when they were drowned, because I haven't seen such. Nor has any other diver. You can't see anything in a sunken vessel. If anyone tells you such stories he's not a diver-except that he dives a'.ay from the truth." "Is there any skill required in the act of diving-I mean getting down to the object on which you are to work ?" " No. That is to say, no particular skill, only care. You must be careful not to go down the life line too fast, because if you did the pressure on you would be too sudden. But the art of going down is easy enough. The dress weighs a diver down. You see, his shoes weigh 201b each. Then he has on his chest and back weights of 401b each. In addition to this, the helmet and collar are heavy. The dress consists of two layers of duck, with a layer of rubber between them. To the top part of the dress a collar of coppi r is allized, and to this the helmet is firmly screwed after it has been placed over the diver's head. The helmet is large enough to allow a space of 3in around the head, and there are three tubes through which the air reaches the interior of the helmet. Before the di-er goes down, a weighted line is sunk to the spot he is to reach below. The life line is tied round his waist, and to his helmet is attached the hose through which the air is pumped into the helmet. The diver goes down the weighted line, the hose and the life line being run out as he deEcends. As he moves about below, those above mnust regulate the life line and hose, and should be rcaly to pull him upas soon as they get the signal-a sharp tug at the line. Some people fancy thi rd' is rushing round, or a noise like thunder, made by the air passing from the bose into the helmet. But that's nonsense. You don't hear any sound except the strokes of the pump." " If those above are wa'chful for any danger n?gnat, and, when they get the signal, haul the diver up promptly, do they usually land him safe and sound ?" "Usually not. If a diver is careful about hieswork nothing should happen; but if anything does happen it is usually all over with him. A tug on the line means death, especia'ly if he is down deep. The diver does not perish because ha s cut oilf too long from the supply of air, but from the frightful prescure. Take, for instance, the datrh of Jenkens, in 1878. His hose burst. They hauled him up in two minutes. He was a corpse. I don't care to describe his appearance. It was narrowing. I can give , o-, from an experience of mine, some idea of the pressure. I was at work below, when suddenly the supply of air gave out. I tugged the li'o line. Fortunately I wasn't in very deep water,and they hauled me out alive. But I felt while they were hauling me up as if I had a hydraulic jack on each side of my head. The hoes had not burst, and the pump had been working all right, so we were :at a loss to know why the supply of air had given out till we made a careful examination of the hose. We found a lot of paper balls in it. I don't know anyone wiho is an enemy of mine, so in my cass a fool must have put the paper balls in the hose. The kind of danger I have just described-that of the stoppage of air and death from pressure - is perhaps the greatest, because a diver can't do anything to avoid it. It is the danger of accident through circumstances beyond his control. "'There is another danger, anod a very curious one, too, which, for tunately, however, is not often an curred. The dress of a diver is fearfully heavy and hot. On a warm day the perspiration from a diver, while his dress is being put on, will somotimes show through the duck and rubber. Now, when you get into the water the delightful coolness makes you drowsy. Divers actually go to sleep over their work. I have fallen asleep but once. I slept at the bottom of a creek soundly for one hour and a half. Now suppose you had a job that you could work at only during one hour of slack water, and on going below you fell asleep, and slept over your time. The time would come with a rush, your hose and rope would snap, and that would be the end of you."-Million. 