:.A DAY IN TIHE COUNPRY. DBY DAVID CJRI5STIE OIUIRAY. Hris name was Brown- Smith--ho wrote it with a hyphen, and was hurt when people in familiar converse neglected to mark that fact-J.Brown Smith. He was a poot, not a very fine one perhaps, but certainly not a very bad one. Years of practice had given him the literary trick, which goes for more than an nninntructed person would be apt to fancy, and he had a good heart and an uniaffected love for all thlings beautiful and gracious. Ho woro a slouched hat and a long paletot, and sported a big russet beard and mounstache, so that he looked rather like a brigand out of business, until his mild and beneficent eye bowrayed him. He was generally to be soeen with the amber stem of a big meerschaum between his lips, and he talked a good deal in a harmless way about Bohemia. When he had been, younger, Bohemia had had an actual existence; but Brown-Smith lived in the lights and shadows of a day which had for some time departed, and was faithful to traditions which were scorned by the majority of his compeers. He had beeoon in love, probably more than once in his time, but once at least. He had been already middle. aged when he had made his final choice, and now his temples were grizzled and he was bald on top, and there were lines of silver in the russet beard. The lady on whom he had bo stowed his affections had beeoon but half his age, and had elected to marry a much younger man. Brown- Smith proposed to her when she had been a month engaged, and, learning the truth, went away sorrowful, and made his verses his wife, and the cronies of his club his family circle. It bofel upon an autumn morning that the breath of the dying year put him in mind of the country as he sat in his London lodgings, and awoke a craving in kis mind for the sight of yellowing trees and misty pastures. Everybody he knew lived in town, and Sof late years, though he wrote a great deal about rural things, he had hardly seen the country at all. He hated conetitutional walks and journeys without a purpose, and for awhile he could think of nowhere to go to. But on a sudden he bothought him of his old sweetheart, who was settled fifteen or sixteen miles away from London, and he fancied that it would not be an unpleasant thing to go down-and look at her abiding place., He had no idea. ,of calling upon her, or of intruding :himself in any way. His clumsy and ' futile courtship was now a matter of :: ancient history, and the probabilities were that lhe was long ago forgotten. : He hod a notion that in one way the theme might be fruitful. His muse of late had been a little sterile, and per : haps the journey might prove to have a set of verses in it. That is tile way of poets, and indeed of men of letters in general. Any little flower of emotion we may grow goes to market, and is more or less consciously nur tured and watered to that end. When we have beeoon long at the business we are market gardeners pure and simple, and grow rose, lily, and forget-me not side by side with mandra. gore and the deadly hollebore, cull ing them and arranging them into bouquots to suit the fashion or fancoy of the moment. Brown-Smith arose, donned the sombrero and the long paletot, saw to it that his tobacco pouch and Britannia-metal fuseo-box were well stocked, and, walking into the street, hailed a hansom. That was his constant habit. If ever he went further away from home than to his club, which was just round the corner, he went in a hanusom. He hated rail way carriages and omnibuses, and if he by rare chance tried to go anywhero on foot he succeeded only in losing himself, and had finally to call on a cabman to extricate him from the London maze. He had a handsome income of his own; indeed, if he had had a head for business, instead of rhyming, he might have beeoon a wealthy Sman, and this was his solo extrava gance. Ho was scarcely seated when the poetic spring began to show that it was wound up, and whilst the cab Schlattered down Wellington-street and over Waterloo-bridge, the poet began to manufacture versos: . Cabman, who pliest in the roaring Strand, Bleepily p!iest in tie autumn weather, Pause, at tihe signal of my waving hand, And let's away together. There at least was a beginning, and it hit the feeling of the moment. The measure, as tihe practised in such m atters will observe, lends itself to gravity or gaiety, and the hard might glide from either to either, and might rumble along in sleepy musing botween whiles. He got a verse in ombryoouet of a crowd of little children who danced about an organ, on the top of whioh a misanthropic ape oscratched the hind quarter of disdain with the hand of dejection. Then in dueo time the lines of houses broke and scatteredr, and the cab ran between green fields. The poet filled and lit his pipe, and otraightway the poetic spring gave another whirl: Lord! how the flavour of that first fuseo, Blends with the grateful smell of trodden grasses, And how I joy in every leafytree The hansom passes. Then he was conscious of his old owootheart's face. She looked in on him like an actual bodily presence, and surprised him. Another verso camo quite naturally, and others flowed easily after it, though he gave them rather a disingenuous turn porhaps, considering the business which took him afield that morning: Why, Claire I Sweet Clare! No thought of your bright eyes Has touched i my memory for half alustre; And now how fast, with whaet a sweet sur pcise, The fanciec muswtr I Lads play at love, and think it pleasant play, Aud maidcls ead it, too, a pretty pastime, Until the god himuell descends some day For first and last time. Eoanever came to youe eat me, inert Clara 'lou quite forgeet me.andIlive sishoatyou; And ou)y at a timLe liho tbii I carn To think about you. It was. not raltogethcr true, but the bard:was noit gois:g to be over- soenti mental. IHe waso getting perilounly *near bh fiftico for one thing, and ho .'rss goingu out of motive aforothought to look at his old sweotheart's houso. Perhaps, if he had formed no ouch purpose, he might have chosen another measure and another method of ox pression. But, in tho circumstances, if he must touch his ghost at all, por haps it wos wall not to lay a finger of too much stress upon it. It slept, and had slept for many years. It would hardly pay to do more than half awaken it. He wont on with his verse-spinning, and in a dreary, half regretful way was happy. He didnot often say a humorous thing, but his wholo turn of mind was humorous, and he had never dared to take him self too seriously. Oneo in a way he had given his whole soul to a woman; but she had never cared for him, and he had been sent out of her presence with a sore headache, which had faded away little by little into a tranquil regret with a sense of romanoe around it. These melanoholies of the middle. aged are not unpleasant. The journey came to an end, and the oahman pulled up quite naturally at a publichouse of the better sort, and Brown-8mith was weloomed at the door. Could he have luncheon there by-and-bye ? Anything would serve. A little eold meat and a salad 1 That would do. Their home-brewed was greatly esteemed in the neighbor hood, the courtseying landlady assured him. He would essay a glass at once, and so would the cabman. The cab man being appealed to touohed the *brim of his hat and expreosnd a husky preference for something short. "Two ofgin, if you please, ma'cm.'. The bard drank his boor meditatively and elowly, and filled his pipe anew. He had meant to inquire of his old sweet heart's whereabouts. That was a simple thing enough; but the presence of the cabman somehow made it diffi cult, and when the driver had with drawn with instruetions to stable and feed his horse, and get a snack for himself in the tap-room, it seemed too late to proffer the inquiry. Brown Smith was shy, in fine, and had a fear whieh he himself confessed ridioulous, lost the sentimental character of his errand should be known. He wandered out a little disconso lately into the lane. It was high noon, but there wes an autumn mist abroad, and autumn gossamer, clogged thick with congested frost - drops, showed everywhere in the hedges. The lane was carpeted thiok with fallen leaves,, and an earthly odour rose from them, remindful of a hun dred memories, all more or less of a mildly sentimental hind. Except when the poetical watohepring set his internal works agoing, and the poetic musical box sounded its pretty little inward tunes, Brown-Smith was, in the main, a mildly cheerful person. But to-day, what with the train in whioh his thoughts had started in the morning, and his propinquity to his old sweetheart, and the signs of lovely decay everywhere about, he grew to feel actually downcast and dejected. All the mistakes of his life rose up before him, all its failures and follies. He felt forlorn and old, and life in general seemed to be a very bitter business. In this melancholy mood he wan dered on, until it ocourred to him that he had made half-a-dozen aimless turnings, and had no idea, of his present whereabouts. He got lost in his favourite London once a week; but there he had always the ubiquitous cabman to appeal to. Here there was nobody. Tho lane in whioehho found himself was just wide enough for the passage of an ordinary vehicle, and was so walled in by thick-leaved hodges, and so arched over by em. bracing boughs, that the foggy gloom of the day was doubled, and only a damp and mournful twilight illumi nated his surroundings. The silence and the solitude suited the mood into which he had allowed himself'to fall, and, since he had made it a lifelong practice to surrender himself to his own fancies, he found it easy to give way to this. He arranged his long paletot so that he might take no damage from the moist grass, and, sitting down upon a bank by the roadoido, took the russet board in both hands, and sat staring at the bank opposite like a model for a statue of a poet in reverie. Somebody might come by to guide him in a while; if not, no matter. Just as he had arrived comfortably at the conclusion that there was nothing in the world in which it was worth while to be for a moment inter ested, he was recalled to his honest, natural self by the merest trifle of an incident, in the progrecs of which he immediately became absorbed. "This way, gentlemen, if you please," said a voico at once suave and business-like.. Theopoet turned, and looked across his shoulder in the dircotion of the voice. Just where he sat there was a slight gap in the hedge-a mere eyelet hole, large enough to afford him an unrestricted view, but so small that the hedge effootually concealed his pro-. sence. Ho saw before him a pretty little garden, a smooth-shaven lawn, and a small and unpretentious resi deuce of the cottage-villa order. From its door emerged a bustling gentleman in a white hat, carrying a notebook in one hand and a pencil in the other. He was followed by some lialf-dozen men in various stages of dirty flash ness, who had each and all beady eyes, and red lips, and thick bookod noses, and who each carried in one hand a pamphlet and in the other a pencil. The bard immediately rooogniced these gentlemen as brokers, and he kIew, without need of explanation, that a sale of. household effects was going on in the pretty retired little villa. The man in the white hat bustled forward into the middle of the lawn, and the thick-nosed contingent gronped about him at varying distances. " You see the next lot before you, gentlemon," said the auctioneer. " Seven garden-seats, various. . One pitent duplex-action lawn-mower, an iron roller, three watering-pots, spade, rake, and hoe. How much for this lot, gentlemen ?" The handful of brokers wandered unconcernedly about the lawn, in spacting tho various articles offered for sale with depreciating aspect and gesture. "Come, gentlemen," said the auc tioneer, " we can't be here all day. How much? Give me a bid to start with." "Ted bob," said one of the thick nosed men. "Oh, gentlemen, gentlemen I " cried the auctioneer, and becameo fluent, almost passionate, in lauda tory criticism of the articles offered for sale. His voice took a tone of pathetically remonstrant indignation. " Ton shillings I Oh, really, really, gentlemen I Lot us be reasonable " Another thick-nosed gentleman soared so high into the air of pure reason as to increase the bid by six pence. The auctioneer expostulated. The goods were being thrown away. He was there to sell without reserve, but it was grievous and hardly to be borno that the things he had to offer should have to be knookled down at prices so far below their real value. The Hobraio crowd listened to his diatribes with dreary patience; but, nobody offering a further bid for the garden-seats, various, and the rest, the lot was knocked down, and the whole party, headed by the auctioneer, meandered back to the house again. This little opisode had inspired the unsuspected onlooker with a variety of emotions, and, after the manner of his tribe, he had profoundly pitied half-a-dozen imaginary persons before the scene was over. His bardio bosom had beeoon fired with scorn for the handful of money-grubbers banded togelher to talke advantage of the straits of the widow and the father less; "but when the curtain had fallen on the trivial act he fell into a dejec tion more mournful than before, and gazed at the ivy-covered porch of the small villa as if he read in it a decree of mysterious and all-embracing doom. As he looked, a small boy-a boy of five, dr thereabouts-came out, nursing a puppy, a smooth-haired, pot-bellied, helpless canine infant of a month or two. The boy, a sturdy little fellow, was evidently labouring under a sense of inquiry, which he did his beet to conquer. He walked resolutely towards the poet, as if he had him in view, and plumping. down on the wet grass within two yards of him, hugged his burden to his breast with a gesture so emphatio that the puppy uttered a yowk of remonstrance. At this the child released him, and the pup, in infantile glee, began, with a tottering jocundity, to charge about the lawn, and to bark with a protnuce of valour at imagined intruders. He was at the ago at which dogs learn to bark, and was obviously proud of his newly-found accomplishment. When he had sufficiently asserted his own importance, and bad expressed with especial vehemence his opinion of the people then within doors, he returned to his childish companion, and tumbled over him in an ecostasy of fawning affection. The boy gathered him up again in a loose armful, and began to cry silently ; but at this instant a jeering call broke in.upon his solitude, and the poet, peering through the leafy screen, saw a mean boy, a repulsive boy, with a face freckled all over like a toad's back, who had thrown one leg over the garden wall something less than a score of yards away. "Yah I" said the freckled boy; "who's being sold up ?" At this the eyes of the infant with the puppy glittered suddenly, and his tears ceased. He clinched his white milk teeth, and put both arms about the puppy. " Who's being sold up ?" the ropul sive boy repeated. "Yah l" He detached small pieces of mortar from the top of the wall, and threw them at the object of his derision. Then, emboldened by the absence of retort, for he was obviously, at the first glance, a boy who loved to deride in safety, he threw the other leg over the wall, and dropped stealthily into the garden. Then, having assured himself by observation that this way of retreat was olear, and that, if hneed were, he could scale the wall before the enemy reached him, he throew a atone, and finding that this elicited, no retort, he grew still bolder, and ventured forward. He was an older boy than the rightful oocupant of the lawn, and topped him by three un gainly inches. "Yah 1" he said again, for he was a boy unfertile in resource ; " who's being sold up ?" The little chap with the puppy was breathing hard, and to Brown-Smith's eye, looked likely to be dangerous. The poet had half a mind to steal silently along the lane until he found the gate, then to enter, and effeoot at least a momentary modification in the sentiment of the boy with the freokles. But he was a shy man, and contented himself with watching. The mean boy, quite secure by this time, stood over the object of his scorn, and goaded him stillfurther. "They've got the pup in the oata?. logue." At this the smaller boy started to his feet, hugging his burden. "No, they haven't," he said, defiantly, but yet with a tremor of doubt in his tone. "Yes they have, though," said the freckled boy. "They're going to sell him. Not as ho'll fetch much. Yab il You have got to be hard up before Syou'd sell a pup like that." Then the pup and the bard and the boy with the freookles were all simultaneously startled. The pup was whirled wildly in air, the freckled boy was smitten with extreme violence on the very tip of his jeering nose, and the poet exulted, as a poet has a right to exult whenever he sees the trampled soul arise, and the tyrant tremble. The freckrled boy was not valiant in fight, but he was robust of Jlung. He yelled manfully, and his beoreams brdught out an excited nurse "girl in a whliirl of flounces. "Look what your Bob's done,' said: the chastised tormentor. His nose was blheding, and from the spectacle he presented there was no knowing what injury he had received. "Oh, you bad, wicked, naughty, abominable child I" cried the nurse girl, and in one second the ohampion of the right was on her uneo,. and :every adjective took emphasis from a sounding slap. The little fellow otruggled away :cl her and stood on the defensive. "He esid they'd esll my peppy." " So they will," said the nurse-girl, opitofully angry. "I'll see to that. Oh, master Gordon, don't be making that noise, you'll have everybody thinking you're killed. Come indoors and let me wash your face." With that she marched the discom fited intruder away. The puppy, at whose age emotions, however violent, are short-lived, had forgotten his astonishment, and returned frisking to his playmate. "They shan't sell you I " said the boy. "I won't lot them sell you. You haven't done anything to be sold, have yenou, Tiny ? Look here, I'll go away and be a cabin-boy. I'll take you with me, and then they can't sell you." He kissed ~he puppy on the nose, and set out at once, hot with deter mination. Brown-Smith arose with intent to meet the child at the gate and soothe injured honour with the plaster of a now half-crown, bright from the mint, which he happened.to carry in his purse. But before he had gained the gate the boy was in the lane, running as fast as his small lega would carry him. " He wod't go far," said the poet to himself, and refrained from quickening his own pace, lost he should frighten him. After a burst of thirty or forty yards the adventurer feoll into ajog trot, and from that into a walk. But the walk was dogged and full of pur pose. The poet would not have boeen a poet if he had not remembered his own childhood. Hie too had risen, though many years ago, agaiLst abuse and t)ranny with a soul which flamed with all the passionate valour which inspired Garibaldi or Koseiunsko. If all good men, so Brown-Smith mused, wistfully watching the little figure before him, kept the childish courage and the childish hate of tyranny the world would have had smooth going for the weakest long and long ago. "We degenerate," said Brown Smith. "The Hampdon of five is a trimmer at five-and-twenty. The infant Oromwell grows up to vetote at the order of Cauona." The boy walked on, and Brown Smith followed him, recalling a certain experience of his own, when he too had at the premature age of five, rushed to face the world. He reooalled the fact that that determination had endured for some ten minutes, and he looked for the came rapid cooling of heroic intent in this ease. The boy in front, however, held steadily on for a mile. By this time he had set down the puppy who 'frieked irresponsibly at his heels. The poet began to find his long paletot oppressive, and disem barrassing himself of it, threw it over his arm. What thoughts filled the child's mind beyond the rooted sense of injustice and resolve it would be diffioult to tell; but he pegged away at his best pace, looking neither to left nor right, for a full hour. Brown Smith admired his energy and deter mination, but began to hope they would be of brief duration. On a sudden, the puppy after a frantio burst of high spirits, lay down panting in the road, and refused to be allured or commanded further. In the end the child took him up again; but in spite of anger and resolto he was already growing weary, and when he had covered another hundred yards, he sat down upon a bank by the roadside to rest, The poet smilingly approached him and sat down. " That is a nice little dog you have there," he said, by way of opening the conversation. The child looked shy, and returned no answer. "Do you think he would make friends with me ? Lot us see He's tired, I fancy." Brown-Bmith's voice was naturally gentle, and his faoo was friendly and inviting. The child and the puppy, with the intuition natural to their several states and ages, trusted and believed in him at onces. " And whore are we going to, my little man ?" The boy hung his head at this query, and answered nothing. " Aren't we rather a long way from home ? Do you know, it strikes me that if we go much further we shall lose ourselves. Don't yenou think we'd better be going back again ?" No answer still. The boy fondled the head of the pup as he lay in Brown. Smith's lap, and looked up once at his strange companion. "Don't you think," asked Brown-Smith; hazard ing a guess, "that mamma will be likely to miss you 2" "She's gone away," said the child; "Betsy says she isn't coming back again." " Now, do youn know," said the pooet, with an air of weight and gravity, " I don't believe in Betsy ? I think it very likely that mamma's at home this minute. I don't know, mind you. I only say I think i't very likely. Suppose we go and see." " She went away this morning," tie child answered. There was a catch in his voice, and the resolute corners of his mouth began to droop a little. " She wont away before the salo, and Betsy says she's never coming baok again." "We won't trouble our heads about Botsy," said the bard, with an air of weightier decision than- before. " Botsy's talking nonsense, evidently. Why, bless your soul," he continued, in a voice altogether convinced and intimate, "I daresay I'm twice as old as you are-three times as old, perhaps-and I never heard of such a thing. The idea of mamma going away and never coming back again 1 Why, that is obviously preposterous. Perhaps you don't know what it:is to be obviously proposterous 2 But when a thing is obviously prepos. torous, people always laugh at it. I lknow that, becauso I have beeoon ob viously preposterous myself, and people have laughed at me." This mild joke tickled him a little, and his own kindly humour had I opened his heart, and made laughter easy. He laughed gaily, and his infant charge laughed also. The pup sat up in the hard's lap, and barked for company. "Why, the little dog laughs to see I such fun," Brown-Smith continued. S" He knows when a thing is obviously propostorous, don't you, doggie ? I What's your name, old follow ?" " His name's Tiny," said the infant vandorer, who was quite certain of his man by this time. " ~line's Bob. Ho's two months old, and I'm five years." " How's Tiny going to be rated on the ship's books ?" asked the poet. "Is he going to be a cabin-boy?" ''hs child looked at him half-ashamed, and wholly wonderstrickon. "I know a lot," said Brown-Smith, solemnly. "I could toll you a lot of things. I don't wonder at your punching Master Gordon, but perhaps you needn't have hit him quite so hard." From that moment Brown-Smith's reputation was established. It was evident that concealment was abolutoly worthless with a man like that, and Bob was easily won to the relation of his own short and simple annals. Papa, it seems, had died over so long ago when Bob was little. " Loss than I am now," he said explanatorily. Mamma, of course, was mamma. They lived at Fir Trees. He could give her a local habitation, but no name. "Are you ever hungry?" Brown Smith demanded. "I am." He thought of the cold meat and salad ordered now two hours ago, and his inner man yearned at the fancy. " We passed a nice place five minutes back. A place that looked to my as if it had milk and biscuits in it. Not at all an unlikely place for oake I should fanny. There might Oven be plum-cake there. I knew a place of that sort once, where they had a plum calke with sugar on the top- frosted sugar us thick as that, upon my word of honour." He held up his thumb in illustration. "That's not a thing to be looked for every day," he hastened to add " but still it might be there. Suppose we go and see, oh ? " The immediate resolution to escape from the tyrannies of Bstsy, and to become a cabin-boy, made itself air when the poet conjured up this splendid vision. Bob, resuming charge of the puppy, was hoisted on to Brown Smith's shoulder, and presently the two invaded a tidy roadside inn, where as good fortune would have it, plum cake and milk were actually obtain able. The poet himself sat down to beef and ale, and rejoiced wholesomely above them. "You know this little gentleman," Brown-Smith asked of the landlord. "I've seen him afore," the landlord answered. "His mother's a widow. She lives about three miles from here. I did hear as she was to be sold up to day.'" " Have you such a thing as a trap handy? " asked the poet. '" I should like to drive him home again." The landlord had a trap, and in ten minutes it was ready. "Drive to Mrs. Barton's, Jim," oried the landlord; aud Brown-Smith started at the name and even paled a little. The old sweetheart, about whom he had been spinning verses all the morn ing, bore that name. It was hardly likely that there were two Mrs. Bartons in the same outlying village. It was by. no means an im possible thing that there should be two, but to his mind it seemed improbable. Was his old love really a widow, and in distre as ? And could it be really her child.in whom he had taken a passing and kindly interest ? He scanned the boy's face with a new eye, and even thought he read some likeness to her featuros in it. That might be no more than fancy, but it was enough to set hisl heart fluttering. That organ had so long been quiet that its mild disturb. anoe seemed almost volcanio to him. He had never dreamed that anything would touch it again in this world. If the old Olara of his dreams were really free He sat on thorns through the brief journey, and answered the boy's prattle at absent random. Suddenly the trap turned a corner of the lane, and the gate was in sight. Nursemaid Betsy was there with a slight figure in grey beside her. Theyboth turned at the sound of wheels, and the boy sang out " Mamma I " in a rejoicing treble. The poet raised his hat and blushed like any schoolboy. "Mrs. Barton," he said, as the trap came to a standstill, " I found your little boy some distance away from here, and I was afraid ho might be lost. I have brought him back to you." He alighted, and lifted the child to the ground. The young widow was pale, and look as if she had known' trouble. She was embarrassed too, and accepted the poet's proffered hand with a shyneiss which, as he thought, became her very prettily. The ten years which had elapsed since he had seen her last had left her girlish still, and he thought how wonderfully little she had altered. The old roses would, come back with prosperity and happi ness. He was amazed to find himself as much in love with her as ever. " We have not met for a long time," he said,. "No," she answered. "It is a long time since we met. You are ,a little changed, I thinkl." " Am I ? " he responded. "I don't feel changed at all." Here he remembered the hostler, and dismissed him with a fare which sent off the simple fellow in astonish mont. Nurseiomaid Betsy, milddr ubder the maternal eye thanl when free of its controlling influenoce had led the child; away.. The puppy alone remained as! a witness to the interview,' and he: looked from one to the other With an inquiring sagaoity, much as if he had expected things to take this turn 'so far, and was interested in the dnoue-sc mentf. •' " "I came down," said?Brown-Smith, " on purpose to have a look at the plaoe you lived in. I hopo you don't think that a liberty." She gave one brief glance at him, and lowered her eyes. "I learn that you are lonely, Olara, and I am afraid from what I have seen and hoard to-day that you are not too well to do. Excuse me; I am an old friend, you know; and I was always clumsy. If you could lot me help you, Clara-" He stopped there, not darihg to speak all his mind at once. "I have a place to go to," she answered. " Some friends of mine have found me a situation." "Don't take it, Clara I" said Brown Smith, impulsively. "What else i before me ?" ' she Iaskoed. " Mly dear! " said the poet, with a directness such as poets rarely use, "I am before you. Take me, and let the situation go. I am no younger than I was, and I thought, until I heard thile truth to-day, that I had cured my self of my old fancy. I find I have not." She murmured something about it being all so strange-so. unexpected. " Strange and unexpeoted to us both," he answeored. "I have kept lonely for your sake all these years." Five minutes later the wanderer, his desire for naval adventure clean .forgotten,. found mamma and the friendly stranger sitting side by side in a little arbour, and clambered without hesitation on the poet's knee. " Mamma," he said, " this gentle man found me when I was going to sea to be a cabin-boy." "A true bill," said the poet. He was so bright and smiling, and in spite of his grizzled temples looked so young again that for a time at least, the last ten years of heartache and of loneliness might have been clean wiped away from him. The little widow was smiling too, gravely and tenderly, and the roses of her youth were back again. "I say," said Master Bob, boldly, dividing the poet's board and looking up at him; "I told you what my name was. What's yours ?" "' Mine ? " asked the poet. ".I am papa." " Is that true, mamma? " "Yes," said the little widow, taking the boy from his protector's knees and hiding her flushed face against his choeek. "It's quite true." "Well," said Bob, with an accent of decision, "I call that jolly." Strand Magazine. A commissary of.polioe is, generally speaking, a diffoult man to surprise, but the functionary occupying that important post at Aubervillers, near Paris, had to confess recently that he was astonished fairly. His stupefac. tion was caused by a glass-blower, who came to ask permission to eat in public five live rabbits in a neigh bouring cafd, in order to settle a bet. The commissary having first satisfied himself as to the sanity of his visiter, informed him that the law against cruelty to animals would not allow of the feat being attempted; but if lie would first kill the rabbits, he could eat them raw with the shins on. The glass-blower was quite satisfied with this arrangement, and in the presence of a large .numinber of epeo taters attempted to win his bet. He got through. the first rabbit without apparent difieulty, but the second disappeared less quickly, and before commencing. his .third course the wagerer fell heavily to the ground in a state of unconsciousness. A man prominent, in COanadian political life, but careless of his dress, was once on his way to call upon a well-known gentlemanin Quebeo, and stopped an Irishman in the street to inquire the way. " Can you tell me where Mr. Hunter lives ?" said the statesman. " It's no use your going there," was the unexpected reply. " But do you know wkere he lives ?" "Faith an' I do; but it's no use going there." The inquirer began to get angry. "I didn't ask your advice. I simply .want to know where Mr. Hunter lives." " Oh, well, he lives down the street yonder, the first house round the corner; but I toll you it's no use your going there, for I've just been there myself, and he's al ready got a man." Mr. Hunter had advertised for a servant the day before, and the statesman, so the story goes, went at once and bought a new hat. 