Echoes of tf\e Week. BY GEORGE AUGUSTUS SMI. [all QTJZEKSLAXD EIGHTS B2SEB7ED.J ' No. XXII. It 5s a pity that we cannot" always have things that are pretty, and picturesque about us. Have you been compelled .to ivade through the morning papers t)iis week? .Have you often read anything mpch more squalid, more, crapulous, more .ignoble, more. revolting, more thoroughly canaille than the. reports of two trumpeiy sui*s tyhich have bc.en engaging the judicial attention of - Sir. Charles Butt and ITr. Justice Jeuuo respectively in. the Court, for Divorce and Matrimonial Causes? I wonder what beneficial cud, if any, can be 6erved by the publication in detail of these inexpressibly nauseous trials. You mar tell me that I am a journalist, and that, knowing that "spicy" reports add to the circulation of the news papers, I am a hypocrite. I reply, in anticipa tion, that I am not a newspaper proprietor, and that, if I were one, I would contract such reports to very narrow proportions, if I could persuade my brother proprietors to do the same. • » * « Old King Ernest of Hanover—who, as Duke of Cumberland, was not half so black n.s he was painted by the scribes of the opposition newspapers—had an English domestic chaplain who used to read the English newspapers to him. Now and again his Guelphic Majesty would grow tired of listening to the jargon of leading articles, Parliamentary debates, the court circular, and the money market, and ex claim to his reverend reader: "Let us have something else. Turn to the police reports. They're sure to be full of life and character." There it is. But what would old King Ernest bave thought of the phases of life and character within the last few days in the High Court of Justice? Culture from coroners we scarcely expect. All that they are requested to supply is "crowners 'quest law," and what that is no man can rightly tell. A poor distraught Borvant-girl poisoned herself with strychnine, at Barnes, the other day ; and at the inquest it transpired that she had heen in the habit of reading penny novelettes. She left some silly letters behind her addressed to her parents ; and in one of these epistles occnrred the senti mental paradox—you will find it in the "May Queen"—"Death is sweeter than life." Quoth the sapient coroner, "It is only in such litera ture that one finds such phrases as ' Death is sweeter than life.' Sucn a sentence could only emanate]froia the trash that silly servant piris read." » « « « Coroner, wise but slightly dogmatical, per pend. Take down thy Shakespeare. Turn up "King John." act 3. scene 4, and read what mv Lady Constance has to say of the prefera bility of death to life. Death, death! O, amiable. lovely deitt! Thou odoriferous stench! sound rottenness! Arise forth from the couch of Lasting night 2sow "William Shakespeare, of Stratford-on Aron, gent., did not, 1 apprehend, write penny novelettes. Whether he wrote "rubbish," or words of undying wisdom and eloquence, must "be left for sounder scholars than the Mortlake coroner or your humble servant to determine. * « • • Touching these same " penny novelettes," a great deal of reallv pestilent rubbish is con tinually talked. " 5?enny dreadfuls" for boys which extol the achievements of juvenile high waymen and infantile burglars are common nuisances which, as a measure of police, should "be suppressed as immoral publications. „But how are you to deal with the ordinary cheap novelette intended for general circulation among "both sexes—grown-up people as well as young folks ? Tou may make these romances his torical, didactic, or pious, if you please; still there is a limit to the numbers of the didactic and the goody-goody reading public; and there is another public quite as large that yearns for mundane matter. The patrons of penny novel ettes have rarely any appreciation of humour. They want love; and they cannot be told too innch or too often about the eternal business of billing and cooing. It is mighty easy to sneer at a love story because it is printed on sleezy paper and only costs a penny. It is Its cheapness that makes the writing' "rubbish." Print it on stouter paper, issue it in three*volume form, and charge (or pretend to charge) a guinea and a-lialf for it, and it becomes a favourite in the "fust suckles." | "Go spin, yon jade, go spin," was the scarcely gallant allocution of the time- serving nobleman io the'poor Abbess when, at the ac cession of Elizabeth, he turned her out of the nunnery to which he h#d inducted her at the coming in of Seuguimiry Mary. - "Go to the spinning-house, you jade i" has said in effect the vice-chancellor of the University of Cam bridge in sending to the gaol for a fortnight a poor girl named Hopkins (of course, to the new journalism, she at one became "Miss" Hopkins) whose only offence seems to have been that she was found walking? and talking with a member of the univercity within the precincts thereof. * « ♦ * I do not know anything about the criminal jurisdiction of the vice-chancellor. " Miss Hopkins" has got a writ of habeas corpus, and the whole matter mil be threshed out in the Court of Queen's Bench. My only quarrel with the V.C. is that, in consigning Daisy to the spinning-house, he did not issue directions that < she should be provided with a spinning wheel. I That would havo completed the thoroughly ; mediaeval aspect of tlio affair. " Go spin, yon : jade, go spm 1" - . j j Everything emanating from the Cruikshank ! pencil seems to he eagerly sought after jiift now. Th« indefatigable Mr. Joseph Grogo, in a handsome volume entitled " The Crnik slmnkian. Monnis," jnst published by Mr. Nimmo, h;is collected 62 broadsides and humorous song titles by the three Cruikshauks —Isaac (the father), Robert, and the great 1 George himself. The paternal Isaac was an etcher, but in humour an inferior kind of Row landoon. I possessed ronnv years ago a possibly unique specimen of Isaac's skill. It was an etching on a glass goblet of the execu tion of Louis XVI., and was published—fancy publishinga bumper J—by Messrs. Pores, of Piccadilly. ' fi *- • *' One of the pictures in the " Momus " wants a litile light shed upon it, and that light I think I can supply. At page 122 you will find a very droll song heading, called "La Baga telle," being four oomic ditties " composed by G-. Cooke and illustrated by G-. Cruikuhank." The frontispiece is adorned by two crisp little vignette full-length portraits 'of the composer j and artist respectively.. j Xgw " G. Cooke" was Gratton Cooke, a famous performer on the oboe—in the name of ; common sarise why can't wc boldly corrupt the | Prcneh "hautbois" into "hoeboy" and spjoll it : and pronounce it thus—of nearly two genera tions ago. He was for many years one of the leading lights of the Philharmonic Concerts, but seceding from that institution he became bandmaster to one of the cavalry regiments in the Household Brigade. That he was an inti mate friend of the illustrator of "La Baga telle" I know full well; since 'twas he who, about I846-T, gave me a letter to dear old George, to whoso inspection at his house in Arnwrtl, Pentcnrrille. I submitted a portfolio full of boyish drawings in pen and ink. It is a long while ago, nnd~the world is growing full of gravestones and ghosts to me. "La Baga telle" is one of them. » * * * Next to the announcement by cablegram that the sea serpent has at hist been captured alive at Bambury, Conn.,—very like "Bam bury, and the monster ought to be ashamed of ! himself: he is only 19 feet long, imd is now : said to be only a "boa constrictor escaped from a menagerie—the most alarming statement lately published is that the 3raror of Cape town is coming to London for the express purpose of refuting the "misrepresentations" of Lord Randolph Churchill. " Good luck have thou with thine honour; ride on," O "Worshipful Mayor; but how will his worship enter the metropolis? On a lion? On an elephant, or in a Gape cart drawn by a team of wildebeest, hartcbeest, quaggaa, and elands? The best thing, it may be surmised, that the municipal dignitary can do after he has been entertained at the Mansion House, will be to dine comfortably with Lord Randolph at the Amphitryon. "For they are (both) Jolly Good Fellows, and so say All of Us." * * * * There is a sympathetic mention of worthy old Dom Pedro, ex-Emperor of Brazil, in that de lightful collection of ana about all sorts of people, "The Personal Remembrances of Sir Frederick Pollock." Under date of July 21, 1871, the late Queen's Remembrancer records: "Afternoon party at W. Spottiswoode's, in Grosvenor place, to meet the Emperor of Brazil. His acquaintance with everyone and everything was marvellous. The only mistake one heard of his making was in addressing Arthur Stanley as Bean of St. Paul's, instead of-"Westminster." * ♦ • * In another part of,his "Remembrances" Sir Frederick records a .much more remarkable verbal slip made, not by a foreigner but bv an Englishman who filled the post of toastmaster at a civic banquet held to celebrate the conclu sion of the Treaty of Amiens. One of the toasts which ho had to annnounce was "The Three Consuls," meaning Xapolcan, Sieves, and Ducos. He gave it out " The three* per cent Consols." My old schoolfellow, M. Alexandre Dumas— we were fonnfellows .at the College Bourbon and Pension Henon, Paris, a.d. 1S39-41—has hit on a scheme which, to- my mind, is eminently calculated to malcc unoffending people unhappy. , The distinguished member of the French Academy and author of "La Dame aux Camellias'" proposes that, in order to alleviate the sufferings of the poor of Paris, a " dinner tax" shall he levied: that is to say, at the conclusion of every dinner party in private society, the hostess shall send round a collecting-box, into the slot of which each guest shall drop a sum of not less than one franc for the beaefit of thoso who seldom dine —if lhev ever dine—at all. 3fy dear Dumas fils, are you aware of what will be the probable effect of this rash proposal of yonrs ? People will cease to accept invitations to dinner altogether.' There is a good old English comic opera (too seldom played now-a days) called *\No song, no supper." But "2To franc, no dinner" would be the dis mallest of social tragedies. To he sure the stingy guest might cat liis dinner and slink out of the room, just before the begging-box made its appearance; but then he would never he asked to that hospitable board again, and, be sides, some of his male acquaintances who had paid their francs and yearned to "have them out" of somebody, might call him contume lious names for his parsimony, and there would be challenges and duels and all kinds of com plications. If 31. Alexandre Dumas's scheme be adopted and becomes the fashion in Paris, and like most French fashions crosses the Channel and ' ob tains acceptance in London society, I know very well what I shall do. I shall arrange with Messrs. Gunter—depositing tangible securities as a guarantee of good faith-7-or with Spiers and * Pond, or Bertram and Roberts, or Dnolos, or Rope, to send me a nice little scries of dinners for ten to my flat in Victoria street. Ten must be the maximum. I once entertained twelve in our exiguous salle-a-nxang-er in Victoria street, and we were fearful that the latest arrived gncst would fall out of the window.- Fortunately, I10 was . corpulent, and the casement was narrow, so 1 the morning paper.-? were not called upon to j report a case of " Fatal fall from, a tliircL-floor | window." * « « 0 Having well primed mr convives with the j vintages of the Garonne, the Beaim- olias, and Epcrnay, not forgetting Kirsch, Kummel, and Chartreuse, the begging box will go round, and the "little Jameses"—only gold will be accepted—will bo garnered in. The gross pro duct will be conscientiously applied to the ; alleviation of the necessities of one Poor 3Ian. X know him well. He was my friend Horatio. He is old ; he is infirm ; he h«3 the heart that can foel for another; lie cannot dig, and to beg he is—well, not precisely ashamed, but afraid, in consequence ot the vigilance of the officers of the Society for the Suppression of Men dicity. On him I will bestow the proceeds of the "dinner tax," and then I—I mean he— will drink tho health of if. Alexandre Dumas in a "modest quencher" of Apollinaris and something. %k Le paurre honune!'' Not an instant too soon has the Lancet sounded a note of justifiable ominous warning with respect to those £t notes with which, if Mr. Goschen be allowed to hare his way, we shall speedily be afflicted. "Beware of con tagion," says, in substance, our great medical monitor. " The notes will be fingered and thumbed in succession by innumerable holders of all sorts and conditions, clean and unclean, fact, healthy, infirm, or innocuous. Un doubtedly they most often curry in their folds the gcrras of contagion; the more so that their surface cannot long remain unsoiled by ordinary dirt.? The crisp smoothness of ordinary Bunk of England paper constitutes, the Lancet adds, a kind of safeguard, but it may be asked whether the £1 notes, if issued, will be printed on paper as good as the present paper currency. « • • * Of "ragabosh" currency I have had, in my time, a tolerably wide experience. During a 12 months' residence in the States (lSG'J-4) I found nothing but paper money, save when I had occasion to ran up to Canada. Then you had—at a ruinous premium—to buy gold, the "Kenucks" resolutely refusing to accept greenbacks. Iu the war-time in Austria (ISo'J) there was paper-money, if I remember aright, as low as twopence halfpenny in denomination; cud in Italy, although the "corso forzaso" has been abolished, banknotes for • small amounts still swarzn. All this paper-money had. or has, an abominable smell, and is apt to get greasy, ragged, and dirty ; but for a cur- : rency of " flimsies" surpassingly filthy, tattered, malodorous, and oleaginous, commend me to the rouble notes of Holy Russia. In St. j Petersburg and Moscow cholera and typhoid ; are chronic; and quite as much of the per- I mauent uiihealthiness of these cities either may ! be due to the perpetual fingering and thumb- 1 ing of paper "spondulicks" as to the exe crable drainage and the custom of the lowor' classes of supporting existence chiefly on a diet of rye bread "stein," or sour cabbage soup, salted cucumbers, "qvas," or half-fer mented " barley bree,'' and " Todka " or corn brandy. The annual supper of the St. Giles's Christian ilission to the "criminal glasses" has taken place in the congenial loaolity of Little Wild street, Drury lane, and some 300 ex-gaol birds, men and boys, all of course doeply penitent and determined to lead honest lives for the future, attended to partake of the feast provided for them and to listen to the oratory of their benevolent friends and patrons. It is gratifying to learn that out of a total of some 26,000 men and 'women discharged from prison during the rear ending October 31 last, no fewer than 19,590 accepted the mission's invitation to breakfast, and that nearly 6,000 of these guests signed the temperance pledge ; and it is even more satisfactory to be told that the average population of our prisons has diminished from 20,000in 1876-7 to 13,000 in 1891. Notwith standing these roseate statistic?, we have to hang a good many murderers every year; burglary is fearfully rife; garotting is not dead ; the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children has plenty of work in its hands ; blackmailing flourishes; and the police and law reports aro full of such episodes of "Life and Character" as thoso which perennially amused old King Ernest of Hanover. « • • • "Are you a member of the 'Rollicking Hams '' one of tho nicest ladies that I ever had the honour to know asked mo some years since. Tho "Rollicking Rams" were, if I mistake not, in soma way. connected with tho burden of a music hall ditty popular in the days of the cognate lyrics"Kafoo2lum," "Imraensi koff," and "Down among the cools." But what would he your roply if a person to whom you had not been introduced inquired whether yon were a 4' Pig-goat-devil V That, it would appear, is tho Chinese name for a Christian. The secret societies of Hunan have, if wo aro to believe intelligence transmitted from Shanghai via San Francisco, arrived at an agreement to demolish all the Celestial Empire and to slaughter the European missionaries who aro not only "devils" but 44 red-headed barbarians" to boot. Meanwhile a regular system is being carried on for smuggling Chinamen into the ports of Australia and the United States. If John Chinamen thinks that we are "pig- goat-devils" why does John want to settle among ub *yid make money ? 