NERVES. (By CIGARETTE, in Otaao Witness.) Woe unto the woman afflicted with nerves, for she is born to trouble and sorrow, as the sparks fly upwards! A nervous temperament feels every sensation acutely, be it pain or pleasure, but seeing that joys are rare for some unknown reason and pains plentiful, the nervous soul gets more than its share of suffering. This, unfortunately for us, is an age of nerves. We are all so highly civilized and pay so dearly for it that soon we shall begin to long for the period when "those 'who have hair and teeth will be regarded as monstrosities." A retrograde movement that robbed us of tooth ache would no doubt be a great boon; and think what a lot of time would be saved if women had no hair to put in ourl papers, and no false plaits to arrange., Most of our maladies are due to an extreme development of nerves. Take, neuralgia, forinstanoe, which was almost unknown fifty years ago. People had " tic doloureux," toothache, and " vapours," but now there is eoaroely an ache or pain we suffer from which is not attri buted to neuralgia.. Then there is " in somnia," another nervous malady, and ?'hysteria," which is not altogether an imagi nary one. But all these things are the price we have to pay for civilisation and high intellectual development. It iB only buoolic stupidity that gets off scot free; for nerves always acoom pany intellect, and keenness of observation means also aoute susceptibilities. How is it some people can listen unmoved to crying babies, organ grinders, five-finger exercises, and other maddening things! It is simply because they have no nerves. Others, on the contrary, are made miserable by a superfluity of nerves. A rattling window keeps them awake all night; a sudden knock at the door makes them start; they tremble at fireworks and thunder, and faint at the Bight of blood. Nerves such as these are constitu tional. Familiarity with the cause of Alarm does not dissipate it, and no amount of reason ing will dispel the fears of constitutionally nervous folks. Nerves are like antipathies-no one can be held accountable for them, and when once there they cannot be eradicated. A person afraid of spiders is as unreasonable as a person afraid of ghosts. In both cases the. fear is part of their nature. But although nerves are con stitutional, and often inherited, the more we give way to them the greater is the mastery they obtain over ub. Those possessed of ner vous temperaments should therefore exercise to the utmost self-control, if they would prevent themselves from becoming counted among those objectionable persons known as "viotims to nerves." A woman "made up of nerves" is a trial to herself and all around her. She'is exoitable, hysterical, and restless. She cannot settle to read, sew, or write, but has the same irritating influence in a room as a bluebottle buzzing on a window pane. She is constantly poking the fire, rattling the fireirons, crumpling the newspaper, or dusting the room-anything but sitting still, for women made up of serves cannot be quiet. But nerves are not wholly oonfined to the gentler BOS, Mb?. h»v« thd" Sb»re too, and t. "mail who nae more than bis share is greatly to be pitied. He is not a pleasant companion by any means, but is full of fidgety ways, and when he marries his wife is not to be envied. The children are not allowed to cry because of papa's nerves; they must not play because "papa cannot stand a noise;" they must never slam a door, whistle a tune, or jump off the stairs, or any of those things which children delight in, because "papa muBt not be worried"; and the house is turned into a prison instead of a home, and all because of one man's nerves. But between bucolic stupidity and a super fluity of nerves there is a happy medium, which ie bit by those whose strength of will is sufficient to overcome, or rather keep in check, a highly nervous organisation. Deter mination and self-control, combined with a nervous temperament, results in a fine cha racter. Napoleon's definition of a brave man was, "He who fears the danger and yet faces it." A sedentary life has a great deal to do with the development of nerves. People whose work keeps them indoors a great deal generally become irritable and nervous, while tbose who live an outdoor life never suffer from the hun dred and one maladies that nerves engender. .Who ever heard of a nervouB sailor or an hysterical farmer? But schoolmasters, music teachers, and li'erary people are proverbially ." touchy." Sunshine and fresh air are better remedies for " nerves" than all the pills and . powders in the world ; but dozing, tea drink- j wg, late bourf, and confinement to the house \ are sure to result in nerves. Girls who would j rather lie on their beds and. read novels on a j sunny afternoon than go for a good walk are ] certain to grow up into weak nervous women, j and however great intellectual pleasures may be, they will never make up for the happiness I which perfect health gives, and which when once lost all the gold of an Kldorado cannot buy back again. 