THE AMERICAN CLAIMANT CHAPTER XT. 15v MJSF.K TWAIN. rhiilrs ! : r«t iiw nays V.o vqit the (act c1iiii.-tTiliy i••»•!>.-.«• k : .# u.:>id lh«t fcv way in a li.iHi wi-iv Th-rc \v:.i " v.vrk s.wl bread ft* all." ]:: fn-;t, iv-r convenience's s.ilce, he titte'i it tt) a lit'tie time arid humir.efi it to him-elf, but as tr.r.e wore on the fa^t itself begin t-j taVe mi n doubtful look, p/nd r.vxt the tunc gat fatigued and presently ran «!own an-J stopped. His'first effort was to pet &11 upper clerkship in one of the departments where his Grford education would couic into play and do him wrvice. livit lie stood ™ chance whatever. Tlrere, competency v.-p.-; no recommendation; •political backing, without competency, was "worth six of it. 'He was glaringly English, aiifl that was necessarily against him in the political centre of a nation where both parties prayed for the Irish cause on tho housetops and blasphemed it in the cellai - . By his dre^ he •was a cowboy; that won him respect when his back was not turned, but it couldn't get a clerkship for him. 'But he had said, in ft rash moment, that-fce would wear those clothes till the owner or the owner's friends caugt.t sight of him and asked for that money, and'his conscience would not let him retire from that engagement? now. At the end of a week things were beginning to wear TEther a startling look. He had bunted -everywhere for work, descending gradually the scale of quality, tictn apparently he had seed for all the various-kinds of work a man without a special calling might hope to be able to do—except ditching and the other coarse manual sorts—and bad got neither work nor the promise of it. He was mechanically turning over the leaves of his fiiary meanwhile, and now his eyes fell upon the first record made after he was burnt cut— . , . •' I mvself did not doubt my stamina before, nobodv could doubt it now, if they could see how f am housed, and realize that I feel absolutely no disgust with these quarters, but am as serenely content with them as any dog •would be in a similar kennel. Terms, twenty, live dollars a week. I said I would start at the bottom. I have kept my word." A shudder went quaking through him, and he exclaimed— "What have I been thinking of? This the bottom! Mooning along a whole week, and these terrilic expenses cJimbing and climbing all the time ! I must end this folly straightway." He settled up at once and went forth to find less Europtuous lodgiugs. He had to wander to and fro and seek with diligence, but he succeeded. They made him pay in advance— four dollars and a half; this secured both bed and food for a week. The good- natured, hardworked landlady took him up three flights of narrow, uncarpeted stairs and delivered him into his room. There were two double bedsteads in it, and one single one. He would be allowed to sleep alone in one of the double beds until some new boarder should come, but he wouldn't be charged extra. So he would presently be required to sleep with some stranger! The thought of it made him sick. Airs. Marsh, the landlady, was very friendly, and hoped he would like her house— they all liked it, she said. •• And they're a very nice set of boys. They carry on a good deal, but that's their fun. You eee this room opens right into this back one, and sometimes they're all in one and sometimes in the other; and hot nights they all deep on the roof when it don't rain. They get out there the minute it is hot enough. The season's so early that they've already hod a night or two up there. If you like to go up and pick out a place you can. You'll find chalk in the side of the chimney where there's a brick wanting, You just take the chalk and —but, of course, you've done it before." "Oh, no, I haven't." "Why, of course you haven't—what am I thinking of ? Plenty of room on the plains without chalking, 111 be bound. Well, you just chalk out a place the size of a blanket anywhere on the tin that ain't already marked off, you know, and that's your property, _ You and your bedmate take turn about canning up the blankets and pillows and fetching them down again ; or one carries them up and the other fetches them down—you fix it the way you like, you know. Youll like the boys, they're everlasting Bociable—except the printer. He's the one that sleeps in that single bed—the etrangest creature; why, I don't believe you could get that man to sleep with another man, not if the house was afire. Mind you, I'm not just talking—I foww. The boys tried him to see. They took his bed out one night, and so when he got home about three in the morning—he was on a morning paper then, lout he's on an evening one now—there wasn't any place for him but with the iron- moulder, and if you'll believe me, he just set up the rest of the night—he did, honest. They say he's cracked, but it ain't sa, he's English—they're awful particular. You won't mind my saying that. You—you're Engiiah f' "Yes." " I thought so. I couid tell it by the way you mispronounce the words that's got a's in them, you know, such as saying loff when you mean laff—but youll get over that. He's a right down good fellow, and a little sociable •eriihlhe photographer's boy and the caulker, and the blacksmith that work m the navy being a doctor, and you know what style that is, in England, I mean, because in this country a doctor ain't so very much, even if he's that— but over there of .course it's different. So this chap had a falling out with his father, and was pretty high strung and just cut for this country, and tie first he knew he had to get to work or starve. Well, he'd been to College, you see, and so he judged he was all right— aid yon say anything?" "No: I only sighed." " Ana there s where he was mistaken. Why, be mighty near starved. And I reckon he would have starved sure enough if some jour' printer or other hadn't took pity on him and got him a place as an apprentice. So he learnt the trade, and then he was all right—but it was a dose call. Once he thought he had got to haul in his pride and holler for his father, and—why, you're sighing again. Is anything the matter with you ?—does my clatter" " Oh, dear no. Pray go on—I like it." "Yes, you see he's been over here ten year® ; he's twenty-eight now, and he ain't pretty well satisfied in his mind, because he cant get reoonciled to being a mechanic and associating with mechanics, he being, as he says tome, a ficntianan, which is a pretty plain letting on that the boys ain't; but of course, I Imow enough not to let that cat out of the bag." "Why, w—would thr- re be any harm in it?" "Harm in it? They'd lick him, wouldn't they? Wouldn't you? Of course you would. Don't you ever let a man say you ain't a gentleman in-thts country. But laws, what am I thinking about? I reckon a body would think twice before he said a cowboy wasn't a gentleman." A trim, active slender and very pretty girl of about eighteen walked into the room now, in the most satisfied and unembarrassed way. She was cheaply but smartly and gracefully dressed, and the mother's quick glance at the stranger's face as he rose was of a kind which enquires what effect has been produced, and expects to find indications of surprise and admiration. "This is my daughter Hattie—we call her fuse. It's the new boarder, Puss." This without rising. The young Englishman made the awkwa.rd bow common to his nationality and time of life in circumstanoes of delicacy and difficulty, and these words of that sort; for being taken by surprise, his natural, life-long self sprang to the front, and that sel f , of course, would not \- know just how to act when introduced to a chambermaid, or to the heiress of a mechanics' boarding-house. His other self—the self which recognised the equality of all men—would have managed the thing better, if it hadn't been caught off guard and robbed of its chance. The young girl paid no attention to the bow, but put out her hand frankly and gave the tt ranger a friendly shake and said— " How do you do ?" Then she marched to the one washstand in the room, tilted her head this way and that before the wreck of a cheap mirror that hung over it, dampened her fingers with her tongue, perfected the circle of a little lock of hair that was pasted against her forehead, then began to busy herself with the slops. "Well, I must be going—it's getting towards supper time. Make yourself at home, Mr. Tracy; you'll hear the bell when it's ready." The landlady took her tranquil departure withont commanding either of the young people to vacate the room. The young man wondered a little that a mother who seemed so honest and respectable should be so_ thoughtlew. and was reaching: for his hat, intending to disembarrass the girl of his presence; but t Le said, " Where are you going?" " Well, nowhere in particular, but as I am ci.'y in the way here" "Why, who said you were in the way? Hit down—I'll move you when you are in the •V H'.\ *- he was making the beda now. He sat <• "H and watched her deft and diligent peri •••. ance. What gave you that notion? Do you i - n I seed a whole room just to make up i td or two in ?" " Well, no, it wasn't that exactly. We are away up here in an empty house, and your tat' t*r being gone" '- '• «- girl interrupted him with an amused lav:.'-, and said, " Nobody to protect me ? Bless you, I don't neni that. I'm not afraid. I might be if I mm alone, because I do hate ghosts, and I <J"n> deny it. Not that I believe in them, for X don't, I'm only jurt afraid of them. "How can you bo afraid of them if yotl den't be-ievo in thc-m ?"' "Oh, i don't know the ho;a of it—that's too (tsnr.y icr ».it ,-' 1 only know it is so. It's the wane with ilsggie Lee. : ' "Who is that":" "(.hit' t'f the boarders— young i.siy that v. jtiib in the f&c-torv; " "S!it "svoiks in a factory " V <*;. Shoe factorv." ' In a shoe factory; and you oril tier a wring lady-": 1 ' Why, she's only twenty-tive: what Aoald ytFj call her?" " I wasn't thinking of her agr?, I was thinking of the title. The fa-jt is I came away from Eugknd to get away iV>:n e.:'ilieial ferine—for artificial forms suit" »"i-:fioii>i people only—and here you've'got them too. I'm sorrj-. 1 hoped you had only men and women; everybody equal; no difference m rank." The girl stopped with K pillow rn her teeth and the case spread o;>en below it, ccntemplating hiui fro;,i under her brows with a slightly puzzled expression. She replaced the pillow, and said, "Wby, thev arc all equaL Where's any difference in rank ?" If you call a factory girl a young ladir, what do you call the President's wife ?" " Call her an eK one." "Oh, you make age She only distinction "There ain ; t any other to make as far as I can see." "Then all women are ledies?" "Certainly they are. AH the respectable ones." "Well, that puts a better face on it. Certainly there-is no harm in atitle which is given to everybody. It is only an offence and a wrong when it is restricted to a favoured few. But Miss-—er" " Hattie." " Miss Hattie, be frank; confess that the title isn't -accorded by eveiybody to everybody. The rich American doesn't call her cook a lady —isn't that so?" "Yes, it's so. What of it?" He was surprised and a little disappointed to see that his admirable shot iiad produced no perceptible effect. "What of it?" he said. "Why this equality is not conceded here after all, and the Americans are no better off than the English. In fact.there is no difference." "J'oiv, irhat an idea. There's nothing in a title except what is put into it—you've said that yourself. Suppose the title is clean instead of lady. You get that?" " I believe so. Instead of speaking of a woman as a ludii, you substitute clean, and say she's a clean person." " That's it. In England the swell folks don't epeak of the working people as gentlemen and ladies ?" "Oh, no." " And the working people don't call them• selves gentlemen and ladies ?" '•Certainly not." " So if you used the other word there wouldn't be any change. The swell people wouldn't call anybody but themselves 'clean,' and those others would drop sort of meekly into their way of talking and they wouldn't call themselves clean. We don't do that way here. Everybody calls himself a lady or a gentleman, and thinks he is, and don't care what anybody else thinks him, so long as he don't say it out loud. You think there's no difference. You knuckle down and we don't. Ain't that a difference?" "It is a difference I hadn't thought of, I admit that. Still, calling one's self a lady doesn't er" " I wouldn't go on if I were you." Howard Tracy turned his head to see who it might be that h&d; introduced this remark. It was a short man about forty years old, with sandy hair, no beard, and a pleasant face badly freckled, but alive and intelligent, and he wore elop-ahop clothing, which was neat, but flowed wear. He had come from the front-room beyond the hall, where he had Isft his hat, and he~had a chipped and cracked white washbowl in his hand. The girl came and took the bowl. " I'll get it for you. You go right ahead and give it to him, Mr. Barrow. He's the new boarder, Mr. Tracy, and I'd just got to where it was getting too deep for me." "Much obliged if you will, Hattie. I was coming to borrow of the boys." He sat down at his ease on an old trunk, and said, " I've been listening and got interested; and as I was saying, I wouldn't go on if I were you. You see where you are coming to, don't you? Calling yourself a lady doesn't elect you; that is what you were going to say; and you saw that if you said it you were going to run right up against another difference that you hadn't thoughtof, to wit, whose right isit todotheelecting ? Over there twenty thousandpeople in a million elect themselves gentlemen and ladies, and the nine hundred acd eighty thousand accept that decree and swallow the affront which it putt, upon then'. Why, if they didn't accept it it wouldn't be an election; it would be a dead letter and have no force at alL Over here the twenty thousand would-be exclusives come up to the polls and vote themselves to be ladies and gentlemen. But the thing don't siop there. The nine hundred and eighty thousand come and vote themselves to be ladies and gentlemen, too, and that elcets the whole nation. Since the whole million vote themselves ladies and gentlemen there is no question about that election. It docs make absolute equality, and there is no fiction about it; while over yonder the inequality (by decree of the infinitely feeble and consent of the infinitely strong) is also absolute—as real and absolute as our equalit3 r ." Tracy had shrunk promptly into his English shell when this speech began, notwithstanding he had now been in severe training several weeks for contact and intercourse with the common herd, on the common herd's terms; but he lost no time in pulling himself out again, and so by the time the speech was finished his valves were open once more, and he was forcing himself to accept without resentment the common herd's frank fashion of dropping sociably into other people's conversations unembarrassed and uninvited. The process was not very difficult this time, for the man's smile and voice and manner were persuasive and winning. Tracy would even have liked him on the spat but for the fact—fact which he was not really aware of—that the equality of men was not a reality to him, it>was only a theory; the mind perceived, bnt the man failed to feel it. It was Hattie's ghost over again, merely turned round. Theoretically Barrow was his equal, but it was distinctly distasteful to see him exhibit it. He presently said, "I hum in all sincerity that what you have said is true as regards the Americans, I for doubts have crept into my mind several 1||J• times. It seemed that the equality must be ungenuine where the sign names of castes were still in vogue; but those signnames have certainly lost their offence and are wholly neutralised, nullified and harmless if they are the undisputed property of every individual in the nation. 1 think I realize that caste does not exist and cannot exist except by common consent "of the masses outside of its limits.. I thought caste created itself and perpetuated itself; ,but it seems quite true that it only creates itself and is perpetuated by the people whom it despises, and who can dissolve it at any time by assuming its mere sign- names themselves. " It's what I think. There isn't any power on earth that can prevent England's thirty millions from electing themselves Dukes and Duchesses to-morrow, and calling themselves so. And within six months all the former Dukes ana Duchesses would have retired from the business. I wish they'd try that. Royalty itself couldn't survive such a process. A handful of frowners against thirty million laughers in a state of eruption. Why, it's Herculaneum against Vesuvius; it would take another eighteen centuries to find that Herculaneum after the cataclysm. What's a colonel in our South ? He's a nobody; because they are all colonels down there. No, Tracy (shudder from Tracy), nobody in England would call you a gentleman, and you wouldn't call yourself one, and I tell you it's a state of things that makes a man put himself into most unbecoming attitudes sometimes—the broad and general recognition and acceptance of caste as caste does, I mean. Makes him do it unconsciously—being bred in him, you see, aud never thought over and reasoned out. You couldn't conceive of the Matterhorn beiug flattered by the notiee of one of your comely little English hills, could you r' "Why, no." "Wei.', then, let a man iu his right mind try to conceive of Darwin feeling flattered by the notice of a Princess. It's so grotesque that it —well, it paralyses the imagination. Yet that Memcon i-v.x flattered by the notice of that statuette; lie says so himself. The system that can make a god disown his godship and profane it—oh, well, it's all wrong, it's all wrong and ought to be abolished, I should ay." The mention of Darwin brought on a literary discussion, and this topic roused such enthusiasm in Barrow that he took off his coat and made himself the more free and comfortable for it, and detained him so long that he was still at it when the noisy proprietors of the room came shouting and skylarking in, and began to romp, scuffle, wash, and otherwise entertain themselves. He lingered yet a little longer to offer the hospitalities of his room and his bookshelf to Tracy, and ask him a personal question or two— " What is your trade ?" "They—well, they call me a cowboy, but that is a fancy; I am not that. I haven't any trade." "What do you work at for your living?" "Oh, anything—I mean I would work at anything I could get to do, but thus far I haven't been able to find an occupation." " Maybe I can help you; I'd like to try." " I eliall be very glad. I've tried myself, to weariness." "Well, of courpe where a ir.p.n ha=n't a regular trade he's pretty bad »,if in this world. What yon need, I ie.-kuu, was le?s book learning and more bread-and-butter c learning. I don't knew what your father could a have been thinking cf. You ought to have had t s trade—you ought to have had 6, trade by nil means. But never mind abaut that; we'll stir up scvictkvm to do, I gtiess. And don't t yon get huiresick; that's a bag business. VvVll talk the- thing over and lot;; around a li Itle. You'll come out tU right. Wai t for lue —I'll go-down to supper rmh yoiv" By this time Tracy had achieved a very friendly feeling for Barrow, turd would have caliid him a friend, taaybe, if not taken too i suddenly on a straight-out cequirement to realise on his theories. He was glad of his socistv anyway, snfi was feeling lighter-heartet* thaa before. Also, he was pretty curious to know what vocation it mi.iht be which furnished Barrow s-ich a large acquaintanceship with books, and -allowed him so much time to read. CHAPTFR XII. Presently tfca supper bell began to ring in the depths of the hou?3, and the sound proceeded steadily npwarl, growing in intensity all the way up towards the upper floors. The higher it came the more maddening was the noise, until at last what it lacked of being absolutely deafening was made up of the sudden crash and clatter of an avalanche of boarders down the Tiacarpetted stairway. The peerage did not go to meals in this fashion; : Trjj-v'K Tracy's training trnininn- i.ad fcad not nnfc fit.ted fitted him to tnp.ninv enjoy this hilarious zoelogical clamour and enthusiasm. He -had to confess that there was something about' jhis extraordinary outpouring of animal spirits which he would hare to get inured'to before he could accept it. No doubt in time he would prefer it; but he wished the process might be modified and made just a little more gradual and not quite so pronounced and violent. Barrow and Tracy followed the avalanche down through an ever-increasing and ever more and more aggressive stench of bygone cabbage and kindred smells; smells which ere to be found nowhere but in a cheap private boarding-house ; smells which once encountered can never be forgotten; smells which encountered generations iatcr are instantly recognisable, but never recognisable with pleasure. To Tracy these odours were suffocating, horrible, almost unendurable; but he held his peace and said nothing. Arrived in the basement, they entered a large dining- room where thirty-five or forty people sat at a long table. They took their places. The feast had already begun, and the conversation was going on in the liveliest way from one end of the table to the other. TI19 tablecloth was of very coarse material, and was liberally spotted with coffeestains-and grease. The knives and forks were iron, v.-ith bone handles; the spoons appeared to be .iron or sheet iron, or something ot the sort. The tea and coffee cups were of the commonest and heaviest and most endurable stoneware. All the furniture of the table was of the cominonestand cheapest sort. There was a single large thick slice of bread by each boarder's plate, and it was observable that heeconomised it as if he were not expecting it to be duplicated. Dishes of butter were distributed along the table within reach of people's arms, if they had long ones, but there were no private butter plates. The butter, perhaps, was good enough, and was quiet and well-behaved; but it had more bouquet than was necessary, though nobody commented upon that fact or seemed in any way disturbed by it. The main feature of the feast was a piping hot Irish stew, made of the potatoes and meat left over from a procession of previous meals. Everybody was liberally supplied with this dish. On the table were a couple of great dishes of sliced ham, and there were some other eatables of minor importance, preserves and New Orleans molasses and such things. There were also plenty of tea and coffee of an infernal sort, with brown sugar and condensed milk, but the milk and sugar supply was not left at the discretion of the boarders, but was rationed out at head-quarters—onespoonful of sugar and one of condensed milk to each cup, and no more. The table was waited upon by two stalwart negro women, who raced back and forth from the bases of supplies with splendid dash and clatter and . energy. Their labours were supplemented after a fashion by the young girl Puss. She carried coffee and tea back and forth among the boarders, but she made pleasure excursions rather than business ones in this way, to speak strictly. She made jokes with various people. She chaffed the young men pleasantly—and wittily, as she supposed, and as the rest also supposed apparently, judging by the applause and laughter which she got by her efforts. Manifestly she was a favourite with most of the young fellows and sweetheart of the rest of them. Where she conferred notice she conferred happiness, as was seen by the face of the recipient; and at the same time she conferred unnappiness—one could see it fall and dim tha faces of the other young fellows like a shadow. She never " mistered" these friends cf hers, but called them "Billy," "Tom," "John," and they called her " Puss" or " Hattie." Mr. Marsh sat at the head nt the table, his wife sat at the foot. Marsh was a man of sixty, and was an American; but if he had been born a month earlier he would have been a Spaniard. He was plenty good enough Spaniard as it was; his face was very dark, his hair very black, and his eyes were not only exoec-dingly black, but were very intense, and there was something about them that indicated that they could burn with passion upon occasion." He was stoop shouldered anu I<Liufaced, and the general aspect of him was disagreeable ; he was evidently not a very companionable person. If looks went for anything he was the very opposite of bis wife, who was all motherliaess and charity, good will and good nature. All the young men and the women called her Aunt Rachel, which was another sign. Tracy's wandering and interested eye presently fell upon one boarder who had been overlooked in the distribution of he had but lately come oat of a sick bed, and ! also as if he ought to get back into it again as i soon as possible. His face was very melan- ! choly. The waves of laughter and conversation ' broke_ upon it without affecting it any more j than if it had been a rock in the sea, and the i words andthelaughter veritable waters. Heheld ' hishead down and looked ashamed. Someofthe j women cast glances of pity toward him from | time to time m a furtive and half-afraid way, 1 and some of the youngest of the men plainly had ! compassion on the young fellow—a compassion 1 exhibited in their faces, but not in any more j active_ or compromising way. But the great • majority of the people present showed entire j indifference to the youth and his sorrows, j Marsh sat with_ his bead down, but one could j catch the malicious gleam of his eyes through J his shaggy brows. He was watching that [ young fellow with evident relish. He had not j neglected him through carelessness, and • apparently the table understood that fact. • The spectacle was making Mra.t Marsh very I uncomfortable. She had the look of one who ' hopes against hope that the impossible may , happen. But as the impossible did not j happen she finally ventured to speak up and remind her husband that Nat Brady hadn't • been helped to the Irish stew. " i Marsh lifted his head and gasped out with ; mock courtliness, " Oh, he hasn't, hasn't he ? • What a pity that is. I don't kuow how I I came to overlook him. Ah ! he must mrdon I me. You must, indeed, Mr.—er—Baxter— j Barker, yon must pardon me. I—er—my | attention was directed to some other matter, I j don't know what. The thing that grieves j me mainly, is that it happens every meal now. But you must try to overlook these | little things, Mr. Bunker, these little neglects j on my part. They're always likely to happen i with me in any case, and they are especially likely to happen where a person has—er—well, where a person is, say, about three weeks iu arrears for his board. You get my meaning? You get my idea? Here is your Irish stew, and—er—it gives me the greatest pleasure to send it to you, and I hope that you will enjoy the charity as much as I enjoy conferring it." A blush rose in Brady's white che9ks and flowed slowly backward to his ears and unward toward his forehead, bnt he said nothing and began to eat his food under the embarrassment of a general silence and the sense that all eyes were fastened upon him. Barrow whispered to Tracy, " The old man's been waiting for that. He wouldn't have missed that chance for anything." " It's a brutal business, " said Tracy. Then he said to himself, purposing to set the thought down in his diary later— " Well, here in this very house is a republic where all are free and equal, if men are free and equil anywhere in the earth, therefore I have arrived at the place I started to find, and I am a man among men, and on the strictest equality possible to men, no doubt. Yet here on the threshold I find an inequality. There are people at this table who are looked up to for some reason or another, and here is a poor devil of a boy who is looked down upon, treated with indifference, and shamed with humiliations, when he has committed no crime but that common one of being poor. Equality ought to make men noble- minded. In fact I had supposed it did do that." After supper Barrow proposed a walk, and they started. Barrow had a purpose. He wanted Tracy to get rid of that cowboy hat. He didn't see his way to finding mechanical or manual employment for a person rigged in that fa-sliiou. Barrow presently said— '"As I understand it you're not a cowboy." "No, I am not." " Well, now if you will not think me too curious, how did you come to mount that hat ? Where did you get it?" Tracy didn't luiow quite liow to reply to this, but presently said, "Well, without going into particulars, I exchanged clothes with a stranger under stress of weather, and I would like to find him aud re-exchange." "Well, why don't you find him? Where i= lit 5" "I c'011't know. I .suppose tin' best way to find him vvcild be to continue to wear his which are conspicuous enough to his attention if I should meet him on street." "Oh, very well," said Barrew. "The rest of the cufit is well enough, a®d while it's not conspicuous, it isn't quite like the clothes that anybody else wears. Suppress the hat. Wi??n you meet vo'-sr nif.c he'll recognise the of his suit. That's a ir ighty embarrassing bit, you know, iti a centra of civilization like this. I don't believe an -angel could get employment in Washington in a halo like that. : Tracy agreed to replr.ee the hat with son thing of niodester fonn, and they stepped aboard a crowded car F.nd stood with others on the rear platform, Presently, as the car moved swiftly along the rails, two men crossing the street caught fig'it of the backs of Barrow and Tracy, and both exclaimed at once, "There he is!" It was Sellers and Hawkins. Both were so paralysed with joy that before they could pull themselves together and make ail effort to -stop ths car, it was goue too far, and they decided to wait for the next one. They waited awhile; then it occurred to Washington that there could be no use in chasing one horse car with another, and he wanted to hunt a hack. But the Colonel said— "When, you come to think of it, there's no occasion for that at all. M ow that I've got him materialized I can command his notions. I'll have him at the house by the time we get there." Then they hurried off home in a state of great and joyful excitement. The hat exchange accomplished, the two new friends started to walk back leisurely to the' boarding-house. Barrow's mind was full of curiosity about this young fellow. He said— "You've never been to the Rocky Mountains?" "No." " You've r.ever been out on the plains?" ">To." " How long have you been in this country ?" " Only a few days." " You've never been in America before?" "No." Then Barrow communed with himself. "Now whatoda shapes the notions of romantic people take. Here's a young fellow who's read in lingland about cowboys and adventures on the plains. He comes here and buys a cowboy's suit. Thinks he can play himself on folks for a cowboy, all inexperienced as he is. Now the minute he's caught in this poor little game, he's ashamed of it, and ready to retire from it. It is that exchange that he has put up as an explanation. It's rather thin, too thin altogether. Well, he's young, never been anywhere ; knows nothing about the world; sentimental, no doubt. Perhaps it was the natural thing for him to do, but it was a most singular choiee, curious freak altogether." Both men were busy with their thoughts for a time ; then Tracy heaved a sigh, and said— "Mr. Barrow, the casejof that young fellow troubles me." '' You mean Nat Brady ?" " Yes, Brady, or Baxter, or whatever it was. The old landlord called him several different names." " Oh, yes, he has been very liberal with names for Brady since Brady fell into arrears for his board. Well, that's one of his sarcasms; the old iran thinks he's great on sarcasm." '' Well, what is Brady's difficulty ? What is Brady''.—who is he ?'" '• Brady is a tinner. He's a young journeyman tinner who was getting along all right till he fell sick and lost his job. He was very popular before he lost his job; everybody in the house liked Brady. The old man was rather especially fond of him, but you know that when a man loses his job, and loses his ability to support himself, and to pay his way as he goes, it makes a great difference in the way people look at him and feel about him." " Is that so ! Is it so ?" Barrow looked at Tracy in a puzzled way. " Why, of course, it's so. Wouldn't you know that, naturally. Don't you know that the wounded deer is always attacked and killed by its companions and friends ?" Tracy said to himself, while a chilly and boding discomfort spread itself through his system, " In a Republic of deer and men, where all are free and equal, misfortune is a crime, and the prosperous gore the unfortunate to death." Then he said aloud, "Here in the boarding-house, if one would have friends and be popular instead of having the cold shoulder turned upon him, he must be prosperous." " Yes, Barrow said, " that is so. It's their human nature. They do turn against Brady, now that he is unfortunate, and they don't like him as well as they did before; but it isn't because of any lack in Brady—he's just as he was before, has the same nature and the same impulses, but they—well Brady is a thorn in their consciences, you see. They know they ought to help him and they're too stingy to do it, and they're ashamed of themselves for that; and they ought also to hate themselves on that account, but instead of that they hate Brady because he makes them ashamed of themselves. I say that's human nature; that occurs everywhere ; this boarding-house is merely the world in little, it's the case all over—they're all alike. In prosperity we are popular; popularity comes easy in that case, but when the other ihing c-omes our friends are pretty likely to turn against us". Tracy's noble theories and high purposes were beginning to feel pretty damp and clammy. He wondered if by any possibility he had made A 11JI-.IV. c-.vn ;"»i-oKperity to the winds aud taking up the cross of other people's unprosperitv. But he wouldn't listen to that sort of thing; he east it out of his mind and resolved to go ahead resolutely along the course lie had mapped out for him • self. Extracts from his diary: "Have now spent several days in this singular hive. I don't know quite what to make out of these people. They have merits aud some ways that are hard to get along with, I can't enjoy them. The moment I appeared in a hat of the period I noticed a change. The respect which had been paid me before passed suddenly away, and the people became friendl —more than that, thev became familiar, and I'm not used to familiarity, and can't take it right off, I find that out. These people's familiarity amounts to impudence sometimes. I suppose it's all right; no doubt I can get used to it, but it's not a satisfactory process at all. I have accomplished my dearest wish. I am a man among men, on an equal footing with Tom, Dick, and Harry, and yet it isn't just exactly what I thought it was going to be. I—I miss home. Am obliged to say I am homesick. Another thing—and this is a confession—a reluctant one, but I will make it. The thing I miss most, and most severely, is the respect, the deference with which I was treated all my life in England, and which seems to be somehow necessary to me. I get along very well without the luxury and the wealth and the sort of society I've been accustomed to, but I do miss the respect, and can't seem to get reconciled to the absence of it. There is respect: there is deference here, but it doesn't fall to my share. It is lavished on two men. One of them is a portly man of middle age, who is a retired plumber, Everybody is pleased to have that man's notice. He is full of pomp and circumstance and self-complacency and bad grammar, and at table he is Sir Oracle, and when he opens his mouth not any dog in the kennel barks. The other person is the policeman at the Capitol building. He represents the Government, The deference paid to these two men is not so very far short of that which i* paid to an Earl in England, though the method of it differs. Not so much courtliness, but the deference — —is all there. - Yes, - —and J there ^ —is 1 — obsequiousness, too. It does rather look as if in a Republic where all are free and equal prosperity and position constitute rank." Sir. Tozer (sadly) — Nothing equals the scepticism of married women. Mrs. Tozer— You're mistaken, my dear; there is one thing. What is it ? The credulity of the unmarried ones. 