OH AFTER XX; !. as snmE *Assr.^ ; '.';j .."Wheal Shevidaij aiii^Ajinytag'e arrived at ? the farm tliey founS matters in averyun . satisfactory sfafe Tbeliaiids.jiiot^hayinga ' lieacl to guide ilivni. iad taken things rpretty much as they pleayed. J'niejr.iiad theoppor ttrnity to" loaf/'anil ^they. toot Advantage of It. - . ? Sheridan, who was stall in the toils of his -companion, -was in Oo'huirior to attend to the .routine of farm ivork.-and Armytage profes sed entire ignorant^ ipf.such duties : but the presence of the master infused a little more . activity intp tiicmen, and the work soon im proved. J " ji ? ^ Tho fcihn was: a tfairly comfortable one. ?With the freq'uent addjti<jns made' to it, the area now comprised -700 Seres, and;about 150 ? acres of that vas clSiriSI-ahd cultivated. The .soil in the valleys; was rich and pro duced prolific eropsof potatoes,oats or wheat, while the whole <>F 'the land was suitable for' ' grazing piirposes. The homestead was "a substantial and. com fortable one. - Tlie first dwjier, who built it, had the good,oldrfasluoned ideas on the sub jejt- of farm- houses, .and the first things he did was to lav- the building out in such a . manner that all future additions should be : part of one concerted plan. ? Sheridan had added a couple of rooms to the place since he purchased it, and these were rendered absolutely necessary by the purchase of more land and the number of men needed to work it. ?' Even with'the addiiaoUsliiere was no room j to spare, and when Armytage accompanied tie owner to the farm thera ,was soma diffi culty in obtaining-a room for. Iiim, and after "a while lie expressed hi* ?willingness to sharj the same quarters as the leading hand on the faT1 For some days after their arrival Sheridan j could not be induced to leave vtbe. house :to search for the missing treasure. He really "wished to avoid his companion, and stayed at 7 the house for that purpose. . JTinding all his efforts to induce the fajcmer away from the house useless, Armytage took ?(excursions alone. ; Atthe end of a week lie persuaded the en slaved man to accompany him and point bat the spot ,-where his plough had struck the -hidden box, butthatdid not assist him in the "least in the prosecution of. lis design. She ridan, being now in one of his more agree able moods j accompanied him through the bash, for several days, but he' soon; -relapsed: into his secluded habits, and Armytage pur- ; sued his wanderings alone.. Thcspiritof the . place seemed to be,upon him, for immediate ly.he had breakfast he would fill his flask. and start into the forest. The whole day he would, spend walking aimlessly about, peer ing into the scrub and here and there turning over the dead leaves, which- in. places lay | thickly on the earth. ' ' r ? ' At times he would obtain a lever and turn. over logs, in the hope that something would be revealed that could assist him in his quest.; The farm laborers frequently met him in his solitary walks, and they soon came look upon him as dciiented- . He had more than onGe visited Black- J burn's abandoned hiit, .for the place seemed j to possess a curious fascination for liiin, and about "three weeks after his arrival at "fchfv tfarift-house he found himself" at midday for;! the third time in close proximity to ihe? hut. ' Jt was on this occasion that he committed1 the .brutal attack on 'Hilton recorded in the last chapter. After getting away from the place he re maiiicd concealed near the farm-house until darkness came on, so that he could enter mi-. observed. j He-had been lying in the scrub about two. hours when he vras suddenly aroused by the' sound" of footsteps on-the crackling under-. growth and, with <i .hunted look .of fear, he: jumped to his feet aud was about to retreat, when, through a- small opening ill the, thicket, he saw Sheridan approaching and at. "the same moment the former caught sight of him. flight was now impossible and, with min-. gled feelings of tear and satisfaction, he waited for the unexpected new-comer.,. He was frightened to be discovered in his present, state of agitation, but he felt a satisfactioam seeing that it was the farmer who had come on him. " If he has me I have him!" was his; thought; Sheridan was rather taken aback at the wild appearance of his guest, for Armytage invariably preserved a calm demeanor. He: looked at him for a full minute before he spoke and then said: *'? What on earth is the matter ? Ton look as frightened as if youhad seen a ghost." The man addressed tried to look uncon cerned as his companion dpoke, but -the at-': tempt only ended in a shudder. He had at first thoiight of concealing the: gold from/Sheridan, but the latter's sudden, appearance "prevented him catling out that idea, and he concluded it would be better to, tell him df his luck. "No-; .'I haven't seen ahythingto frighten me; but, through my persistent hunting for the treasure, I have been rewarded in finding a. ptfoa of it. I discovered one of theboxes. . a couple of hours ago. I had some difficulty with it; and, what with hunger, labor and excitement, I suppose,I do look somewhat queer." " "Found the gold!" exclaimed the fanner. " Where did you find it?" " Down at the-that is to say, about two milps from here, carelessly planted in some scrub. X looked for the other boxes,butfouad no trace of them," answered the embarrassed man. I will "go with you to-morrow, and "we'll make a better search; We must get the re-, mainder. We will never be content until we; do," spoke Sheridan excitedly, with, the old gleam of avarice in his eyes. "Yes; to-morrow we will go. It is too .late now." " Come up to the house and let Trie see what you have found. I am all anxiety." " I don't want to go before dark," an swered Armytage. " If ' the farm hands- See me carrying this bundle and looking excited it might raise their suspicions, and we don't ?want that.'" " Tou are right! you are right!" assented Sheridan. *' The less talk there is the better. must keep <nu-business to ourselves. I ;will stay with you, and if anyone comes by it will disarm suspicion." ."Yes; that will be best. It. will be dark in another, hour, so that we will not have long to wait." . -The two men eat down with flushed faces' andj in hoarse whispers,'convetseduntil dark ness had:gathered around-'-.' Then they ^yeiit cautiously iii the direction of the house, Ar- ? mytage tever and anoli casting giiilty looks around )as if Ke wasjaunted t>y the £host of; his supposed "victim; and'wheii', they, reached. the homestead Sheiid&n; took hi s companion into l^^wn^^ih.iHibl^e^yedf ? ., , - ... " You' must stay «i.,ihe room "withme npiv, asyqucanno£ remain .with jmy,f>veraeer," who "would he ahuust ,certain> to find* uiit thegold. I will ,»iako a, bed up hand i 'then aee*fen arrange -our .plans without' fear 'of; interrup tion ordiscovery." 'Having, thus! decided.* Sheridan ^ had 'a second bed put in the room; 'and duringthe iiight his companion %hd wed' hihi' the' igolo ne had 'found, keeping bafejij of coiu-se,' a.s^w bars forhlinself. ]' . V. . i' i '?»' .,'n '' *f here js a small 'fortune there,' ' remarked the farmer to his compampn. " We pjust be in luck's way. First l' discover a^boX; and iiOTfe yoU find another.'' ... ",r ., j "vBv all jTist.rightSj.as ^e have-entered into a partnership, over this matter,- I, should retain what, I have found,' * .replied the latter. j " You have given me only a fraction,jaE'your, find, and I o don't think I' should halve this find with .you*. . .That will make us about square." ' i''' ' , "OhV* Honor among thieves,' you know. You surely would not'act as you say j- ' I al "ways gave you money when yoii asked'for it,; and what more could yoii'expect"?* "You will divide with me, surely!" "i'llmakfe a fair bargain with you, Sheri dan. I'll "repay you what you advanced to me, and then we can cry quits. - "We will then be on an equal footing, and if we find any more of the ' plant' we iriJl go halves with it. You ought to be glad, that I shall be no further trouble to you, as I havo.pro vided for mysejf now." r ? ' " " I don't think that is fair." ~t w^it half the gold and I will have it. j wouldn't do such a thing on you." "I tell you I will -not give you half of it, Armytage replied angrily.. "You didn't give me half of yours, and yoU must be con tent with what you get. If* you denounce me to the police I will do the isa.ine with you and we'll both lose everything." The determined tone of the man convinced Sheridan that it "would be useless to argue i further with him then, and after reflecting a' little time he said: " Well, don't let us quarrel about it- I know you are a good-hearted fellow, and-I will trust to your honor for a fair division. Perhaps to-morrow we may find more,and we will-be content." M It is very easy to talk of "to-morrow, but it never comes to some people. Thousands -who look upon tlie setting1 sun -vrith brigiit hop33 and plciis for the tutors in their minds, never again isee the glorious orb of day- illumine the world; for, in dayliglxt or dark, that tireless reaper Death pursues his course, and ever and always the human harvest is being gathered in by the Sickle of Hie Gleaner.' 