SPOUTING NOTES FK03I QUEENSLAND. tnOU OUR OWN COnnESPOXOENT.) Brisbane, May 20, 1802. Tho Turf. ne managed alter all to gotubrougn our hi? Autumn Meeting this weok, but it was only by tho akin of our. teeth, as tho saying is, and wo couldn't quite mauage to d«dgo tho rain to the last, the raoinjr on tho fimd day being, knocked all of a heap by tha watery clement ami tlio muddy condition of the ground; Tho mooting lms been romarkablo in moro than ono way, and as I am sending you wo results oi me last two days lor publica tion, it will bo onough for mo to refer to the Eoints of interest which trauspired, whilo riofly running through tho programme. Tho first day was ono of many surprises, only one favorite getting home out of tho' half-dozen events, and although on tho second and third days this was not bo severely tlio caso, the re union right through has been a very disas trous ono. for backers. The Ipswich horso Kcprievo, who in by Jteepito, and was brod at Jostvalo by Mr. J. I*. Jost, opened tho ball with a run-away victory in tho Trial Handi cap, beating a largo field of moro than average performers. Then wo woro treated to another Btaggoror whou King Olaf donkoy licked the highly-rated Realm, for tho chesnut had beon doing very bad work, and wont out 2 to 1 against him, while the Aroln'o horso, who came down from his conutry homo looking the picture of health and condition, and bringing the reputation of bavini: done great things in his preparation, was inadu a very hot pot at evens. Elytnas and Clinker wero also thought a lot of because they had (,'ttllojictJ well iu privnto, but tho King made haoks of them all. Tho gallop in itself was nothing to talk of, but the' fact that Koalm and Elymus had no chance at all with Quirk's horse, inado tho son of Splondor look to liavo quite as good a show for the Brisbane Cup as wo all thought ho would have whon the woights lir.it came out. How eipeclations woro realised ; or, rather, wero not realised, will he seen. Tho run for tho Stradbroko Handicap was a ding-dong go all tho way, and thu result furnished tho only instance of the day where tho favorite acted as guide to a boaten lield and a friond to tho unhappy punters. Of courso every section had its own dead bird, but all tho high-fulutm talk about romarkablo deeds accomplished by this, that, and tho other fancied ono could uot choko back-em off thu lop- sided one, aud tho followora of tlm winner throw in for a fair state. He can gallop, nnd no mistako, this big raking slab-sided Tallboy, and ho can also carry weight, for ho humped his 9st 71b without a ghost of a funk when, at the finish, he was askod to light it out with a slippery twoyear old in Vcra. Spes with nearly 3st less. Mr. Jim Smith's chestnut colt, Saturn, by Kpigram — Virgo, wus whispered round as a good thing before the flag wont down, and if ho had not been so fur behind Iho first horse when tho banner did full, ho must have been the best thing in it, for he made up a lot of ground and ran into third place. A previously badly performod horse named Manerbo, who ia a full brother to George ]?oj, by Penman— Quakeress, ran away with tho Hurdlo Raco from tho favorite Lnurette, who could not live with him when it came to racing, and hore I will go away from my first intention of taking the itoms seriulim in order to relato something immenaelv fuuny which took place. fn this hurdlo race Maueroo was woighted at !)st, but ho curried tilb over weight, whilo Laurolto was racing under lOst 41b, and Kod Heart, who was third, had 12st 21b. As I have already said, the race was wonvory easily, and it may as well be said that had tho distance been another half-mile Maneroo would have won by n couple of fur longs, so strong was he going at the finish. Judge, then, of overyoue's surprise iu tho next race to find that for tho Grand National Hurdle JJnco, tho distance of which was two furlongs further than the iirst day's Hurdlo Eaoo, Muneroo wan weighted at 9at 21b. Lauretto at lOst 1011), and Kod Heart at 12st ?lib. Here was a fair knock-out for us if you liko. Sonio of the horse-owners did think tbat thby knew something of handicapping, but when they Haw this they thought they must all be balmy, for of courso the official handicapper presumably know what he was doing. The stewards, however, did not see the matter in this light, mid thoy thought Sir. Pouutney had made some mistake. But no, and when, us everyone fully antici pated, Maneroo sailed aw:iy in front in the Grand National Hurdlo liaco, ami, giving nothing else a possible chance, won with his mouth open and a double pull ou the reins, the stewards asked for uu explanation of how such a bungle could havo occurred. Thoy hold a meeting ou I-Viday afternoon, but I'm uot in a position to actually state what tho results were, though rumor has it thoy wore somewhat Htartliug. Well, to go back to the racing, wo strike tho St. Logor, which, as after events proved, was a race totally up side down. Tho winner was the AVhealmoat — Yollena colt Talkative, but without wishing to detract in the slightest from tho excellence of Mr. Flyuu's littlo bor.iu, it is not too much to say that but for Captain Sandemau's jockoy Frank Smith standing down for that particular race, bucauso of somo mis understanding, the liU.lu uhcsuut daughter of Splendor would havo made common donkeys of all the starters in this important classic event. As it wns, Having a strange uorecmau upon her back, sho refused to raco it yard, nnd had to put up with the empty honors of third place, being badly beaten all the way by Talkativo, and iu tho last fow strides by Babel as well. But oh, dear, how the tables woro turned on OuV Day. Two to 1 King Ohif, because of his woight-for-ago victory ; 4 to l'Talkativo, on tho strength of his Leger performance, the same price about Musician, 12's Sing Song, any price Splendide, because sho had ' gono off. These wero tho calls of the books when the Cup candidates went out to take their placus at tho starting-post for tho Cup race. Tho flag went down, and off thoy went, Sing Soug cutting out thn running nt a good pace, with Talkativo and Musician sailing after her, and Splondide, always in n nico position, nnd going like a toft iu Smith's hands, just behind them. This was how they ran until within half a mile from home, and then Sing Song had had enough, and Talkativo sailed along in front of tho Loger favorite and Musician. Nearer and nearer tho littlo chesnut mure crept up to tho leader without extending hc-sclf until the homo time was reached, and then, in one stride, the Brisbauo Cup was won. Splendido, meeting the Lcgor winnor ou worao terms, paralysed him in a stride, and cantered in a winner by six lengths, Musician just getting up in time to sccuro second money. This was quite enough to show who ought to havo wou the Leger, and if Smith had been upon tho maro's back it would have been simply uu exercise gallop for her. To go on with tho principal ovents, I may just as woll here refor to the third day's running.' Even with 9st upon her back the Cup winner was thought to have a chanco of securing the Moreton Handicap and also the mile and a quarter w.f.a. event, but tha rain cuino down too soon and spoilt what would have boon a first class raco, for tbe courso was nice aud dry just beforo it, and whon tho mud began to fly tbo marcs couldn't, or wouldn't, raco a yard, and was beaten out of a placo in the ono and only managed to get third in tho other. The Glorious gelding, Babel, came on wonderfully with every gallop, and ho must bo tho real good horso that we up hore havo all along thought him, for since he came baok homo ho has improved immensely, as shown by the good fight ho miula of it with Musioian in tho Moreton Handicap, and the way ho smothered everything from uiart to finish in tbe Koyu! Stakes at woight-for-ngo. On the second dny there was nothing good enough in tho Sires' Produce Stakes to make the Aeamomuon colt, The Wandering jew, raise a gallop, and in tho Scarborough Stakes tbo Archie— Kato Kearney gelding, Dillon, once again demonstrated his ability to travel liko amoko beforo a galo over a short journoy. The Maitland horse, O.B., ran a good second, mid on the last day of the meeting ho won a race handsomely. Tho Autumn StcepU ohnso was really not a slecplechtue at all, for there were only a conplo of stiff fonces, and one of these had a top panel kuocked out, so that only two wore left in for the last six furltfngs— Cldrouoo and Iukcrmau. Loafer wac running well and seemed to have a good thing on whon Inky bumped him at a fonce, and kuocked M'Laughhn off. The rider of Inkcrmau (Pillon) was as strong' us they are made. He seemed determined to win tho raco somohow, for when Claronoo collared him in tho straight, ho squeezed him right over ou to tho eaud track and would havo 'stopped him but that a hurdlo separated thorn. For this elovenioBs Pillon wont' up for a quiet twolvo months, and it norvos him right. Throughout the meeting Mr. E. ,T. Kaston, who races Kaalm, Noondoo, Strayshot, aud others, hnd very bad luck, for tho big horso looked bettor than ovor lie did btiforo, but cut up a regular duffer iu bin races, and iu tho only raco that Noondoo had n first-class chance bo was left lit tho post, nnd then rnn fourth. King Olaf and Dumb Boy wore both rank fauurei, except that on tho first clay tho ?Wellington 'ffi horse won u Welter, and poor old Jack Stouo SI was again right out of it with his string, nut- M withstanding that it looked a cortainty before M the moutiug that ho would wiu a raco or two, Kg so woll were his horses going. Donation ran Sj ono good raoo when ho won the final ovont 03 (§6 the first day of tho meeting, but lio is not tlit W oolt ho was cracked up to bo. Sir Oliver was M ono of tho consistent performers, hut Priino B Minister ran wretchedly, and is evidently all ffij to pieces. The mcutViig must have been a ES successful ono financially, as each -h_v'i . m raoing was well patronised, and tho club got E| a fair return from the buKi»i'-» dono on tlii fK toto, through which about £10,000 or i'17,U0a ? was passod during tho thrco days. Still we K had a lot to grumblo at, for owing to, an B unfortunato accident, which rendered our H official starter, Mr. G. M. Kirk, /ion dc »m- H bat on the first day, tbo starting on the ? K secoud and third was wrotchodly bad. B Tho Toowoomba Club's annual raco meeting H comes off on Thursday and Friday noxt, and Bj there will probably be the usual large utten. H daucu of metropolitan visitors, who look for- Bj ward with much pleasure to the imnunl run to H tho Downs. Perhaps, thanka to Splondido'i H miserablo run iu the St. Leger, she got into B tho big handicaps with very nice woightn, 8st ? lib aud Sst 21b, aud as tho prograinmo doci ? not provido for auy ponaltios, nor Cup win H doesn't put any more weight upon her. At Bj tho weights she looks to have spoilt tho twt H big races of tbe Toowoomba Club's meeting. H A salo of thoroughbred yearlings was held Rj by Messrs. Scalby, Small, and MoBiuan at H their yards, Adelaido-stroot, on Monday last H when tho following lots woro knocked down Kj to Mr. W. Muggridgo. who lms taken Mr. M Kont's stables, noar tho racecourse, and it Kg at work with a fow youngatcrs : — Bay colt 51 by Phil Athol from Friak, by Westminster 11 35ga; chesnut colt, by Phil Athol froa Si Liberti, by Westminster, 37^8 ; brown oolt M& by Westminster from Requiem, by Drum HS Major, 53g« ; bay colt, by Phil Athol— Lydia « by Westminster from Linnet, 51gs j and' buy H colt, by Phil Athol from Juanlta, by West- W minster', «eh. A lovely brown filly, by H Archie from Diadem, by King of tho King, B and a well-grown and promising bay filly by Mi Lord Salisbury from Empress, tho dam of SB Kualrn, belonging to Mr. C. E. M'Dongnll, th» M ownor of tho Lyndhurst Htud, woro with- H drawn, tho prices required, 150gs and 100 -s H respectively, not being roach ud. H The only serious acoident that occurred at Ej tho lata Q.T.C. meeting took placo in con. H uection with tho Criterion Nuraory Handicap H ou the last day. Shortly after tho etart Tin M Ace and Herbalist cunio down, and tlio -Von- H South Wales jockey, Liddiard, had his left R shoulder put out, while M'Swoeney was H rendered unconscious. B A racing club has beoa formed at Nortl H Bundaberg. « Q.T.O. Autumn Kucos. B The Q.T.C. Autumn mooting which waj B oponed on Tuosday, the 2ith just., at Ka|(]o' B Farm, Brisbano, was continued on Thursclav B and concluded ou Satarday last. The B moeting us a wholo was a (successful one, bai H the last day's sport was marred by bad Mart- B ing, wet weather, and an accident which Wt resulted seriously. The results are as H follow :— B First DiT— Tcesdit, Mit 24. |1 Trial Uardicap.— Keprievo 1, Mlrabiiij ? B Minster Belle 3. Jtiniitoan others stalled. Woi M easily by tno lengths. Time, linin 34isce. B Queen's l't.vTE.-Kinif Olaf 1, Koalm S, I Ivan K 3\. T«o others stiu-ted. Won easily wt' two B lenetbK. Time, lmiu 5«eoc. ? R SriUDUKOKi: Uakdicap.— Tallboy 1, Vora Spea 2, B Saturu 3. Eleven others started. Won by biiU I m lent-th. Time, lmln SOsee. B Hauxawat Pj.iTE.-Mnnoroo 1, Tjuirstta 2, lid. X heart u. Kour others started. Won easily bj tea H lenftlis. Tlmo, 4uiin Bsee. H Sr. Lnnci.— Talkative 1, Babel 2, Spiondiile 3. B Other stnrtors : Hurota, Prime Minister, and Pet B Olrl. Won by three lonStbs. Tin\e, Sala H HAiilLTOs Purr.— Donation 1, Musician 2, H noandoo !). Ten others. Won by a Bhort hrdl. H Icujth. Time, 2miu Sscc. H SECOXD DAT- TnUBSDAT. H Clevela.-.-d 1'i.ati, H Of 10U sovs. About 1 mile. W llr. J. Morrison us br 0 Sir Oliver, by The Hiiro M —Olivia, 3yrs,7st 51b (Murray) ... 1 ? Mr. J . HUler's b t' C.B., 4yrs, 7«t 111b (M'Cabei 3 M Mr. .r. Smith's cb 0 Saturu, 3yra, 7at llllb B (Arcbor) ? j « Twelve others started. Won by two lcajthi. B linio, lnun 47{sec. W Of 300 sovs. 7 furlonss. Kj Mr. J. Ncsbitfs b 0 Tbe WauderiUB Jew, by H Asumcinnou— Marltaua. 8st 1Mb (Byan) 1 ME Mr. J. Lydcment us b c Prince Athol, by Pbil M Atbol— Queen, Sst 101b (Strickland) . a B Mr. W. K. Baker'a oh c Bcuvotio, by Stockdala M -Jilt, Sst 101b (M'Cabe) ... J ...... i M Other starter: Jcssio Acnos. Won In a cantu H by avo lengths. Timo, lmin 37seo. B§ O( 500 bovs, witb a trnpliy valuod at lOOca., tha M Gift of the president of tbe Queensland Turf HI Club. About ?! miles. B« Mr. I'. Xoluu us eb f Splciidide, by Splendonr- H CoIiina,3yrs,Sst3lb(lVSmith)... ? 1 K Mr. J. U'Qill's br c Musiciau, b Westminster- Hi Music, 4yrs, 7st Clb (G. Miller) ... ? M Mr. W. Flynn-s b o Talkative, by Wheatmoat^ M Ycllena, Sjts, Sat 31b (if. Hyau) ? 3 118 Other starters: Eeiilm Sst Ulb, Kini OkfSst M 131b, Elynias Sst Ulb, Slug Song 7st ?lb, Decoy M M lilb, Lord Headinston CsS 101b. Uottlnir ? 2 10 1 r M. Kiuf Oiaf, 4 to 1 euch Talkativo and Musician 5 to H lKealui,audll!to20tolotlior3. Talkative led to t% Hie tuni for home, wbero Splendido beat him In - IS stride, and ran homo nltbout an effort a winner bv K sis leustbs. Timo, 3miu 41JB00. The coiiii; wu W, very heavy. m Ghaxd Natioxu, Hnw lUcc, ffi Of I2.S bovs. About 21 miles. H JSv. Tr. T.ilini.ll*S \l tr ~\T-\nnrnn l.r T1An.nnn ? BBS Quakeress, nged, Sst 21b and :\\\b over (Uorilon) 1 E II r. T. Uallnirbor us b g The Loafor, njed, lost ? I 91b (G:illnBbcr)... ..* ? ... ..- 8 ? Mr. P. W. do Jersey's if c Zanco, oced. t'st and 6 91b over (H'Cabo) ... ? ? J U Two others startoil. Wou easily by sev»ril K lengths. Time, 5min llseo. ® Of 100 sovs. 0 t urlou'ss. ffi Mr. J. RuBsell's br g Dillon, by Arebie-Kata 1 Kearney, Ilyrs, 8st 51b (Kyan) ? 1 K Mr. J. Miller's b o C.B., 4yrs, 8«t 81b (M'Cabe) 2 i Mr. H. Hunter's cb o TlidenUte, 2yrs, 7at Clb B (flood) ? '.. L '. ? S I Seven others started. Won bv two lengths, afta K a good race. Timo, lmln ISsee. IS Wewkii Hahdicap, i Of 100 sovs. 1 mile 1 furlong. M Mr. M. Quirk ns br b Dumb Boy, by Welling. §8 ton-La Muotte, 5yrs, list 101b (Quirk) .. 1 & Mr. J. Pinuie's oh I Telephone, 3yrs, Ost 131b (J. 1 lllackloek) ? ... ... ... „. I g Mr. U. E. Fenwict's b h Decorum, 5vrs, lOit B (W. Stone) ..; ? ' ... f B Mr. J. Slorrison ns br c Sir OliTor, 3yra, Oat 121b B and 31b penalty (M'Cabe) ... ... ? t B Ten others started. Won by a neck after a grul i race. Time, 2min 4}seo. H Tkisd Dat. H RCDCU7FE FUTE, ? Of 100 sovs. 7 furloags. B Mr. 3. Miller's b g C.B., by Becrult— Blaxland's H Camilla, 4yrs, Sst 61b(M'Cabo) ? 1 ? Mr. J. Finnle's eb t Telephone, 3yra. Tat 61b M (liurko) ? ... .;.? ,„ .. f ? Mr. 13. J. Metcilfa cb ( Pint,' Syr». Gst 121b H (Murray) ? ...J-*. ? t B Eleven others started. Won by two length* 9 dtsd beat for aecond place. Time, lmin 34.ee. H CKITEniOK NURSERT HASDICAP, B Ot 100 sovs. For tvf o.year-old«. 7 furlonga. ? Mr. W. J. Watson's cb c Marble, by Mnrvelloui S —Elsie, Sit 01b (F. Smith) ? 1 H Mr. II. A. Walah mi br c The Phoenician, 7it B (M'Namara) ? ... ? 3 ? Mr. H. HunWr's br f Ayeahah, 7st 81b (Flood)... 3 B Eicbtothoraran. Woa by a aeck after « go«l B race. Time, lmln SSjBeo. B MORKTOS HAKDICAP, K Of 300 sovs. About H milt. f| Mr. J. M'Qill's br o Musician, by Westmlmter tt —Music, 4yra, 7st 81b (F. Archer) ? 1 ffl Captain Sandeman'a br g Babel, 3yra, Sat lib tit (Strickland) ... ? 1 jLj Mr. C. W. Murray'a oh h Kins- Olaf, 5vrs, if. K (Woodgate) ? ... ... '.;„ ... I I Other atartera: Kcalm 9fit 111b, SplendHc Ptt, M Talkative 8st 71b, Talboy8st Mb, Dumo Bur Sst, |f SiuK Song 7st 81b, Mirabllis 7nt lib, Dtcoy list lClb. Mt Saturu list Clb, Sir Oliver Ust Mb, Tabooba Oitiii. M llettinr: 4 to 1 v Musiciau, 7 to 1 Siilendide, S to 1 IS Kiog Olaf, 10 to 1 bar three. A itood race, Muiiclu |S vrlnnlng by a bead In tbo Ust stride Time, mil IE 19|sec. . [f Autdmx Steepleciask, H O(150 .ova. About 3 lniles. if Capt. Sandeman'a b g Clarence, by Waverley- I ; Dudu, aged, Hat 61b (A. Colley) ? ... 1 I'J Mr. A. Longdeu's b r Inkerman, aged, JOit lib l-4 Mr. M. Quirk's cb g Drummer, aged, lOat 31b m (Sluclair) ... ... ? ? ! § KUbt otben started. -Won by a lenctb after u « exciting finlab. Pillon, tbe rider of tba toconJ jfl horae, nai dltqulllned for twelve montba for foul gw rlttin,;. .-.. J BOTAL STAKEg, S OflOOsovs. About (i mile. H Capt. Sanaeman'a br g Babel, 3yra, Eat 21b , ? (Strickland) ? ... .„ ? I I Mr. J.U. Clarke'lbe Donation, 2yrs, Cat 131b ffl (Murray) ... ... ... ... ... » ' fl Mr. P. Nolan ns cb f Splondide, 3yrs, Est 51b (F. H Smith) ...... ... .?;...- ,., ... ... 3 i , Other starters 1 Ecalra, Decoy, Prime Jliiiiste' ?: M The Wandering Jew. Won all the way. Tlat, i 2min 10|»c. i Ersou Hahdicap, ?j Of 100 sovs. About 1 mile. jf Mr. J. Morrison ns b 0 Sir Oliver, by The I!ak« t| —Olivia, 3yrs, 7*t 131b (Murray) ? 1 J Mr. J. HiisjoII'i br g Dillon, 3yis, !--: nib jj (Russein ... :.. ... :.. ? a a Mr. A. J. Koud ns b b Buckingham, iij.o.1, 7st 13 Tib (Shields) ... ? ... ... ... - l| Eleveu others started. Noondoo startul fuvorit*. i but was left at tut po»t. Won by «. louiftb. Tlo* h 