[NADA, THE LILY.I By H. KIDER HÂQGABD. COPYRIGHT, 1891, BY H. RIDER HAGGARD. [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] ? CHAPTER'IX-THE LOBS OF UMSLOPOGAAS. Xïow, after tho great smelling out of the .witch-dpotors, Cliaka caused a watch to be kept upon'his mother Unandi, and his wife Baleka, ruy Bister, and this report was »brought to him by thoBe who watched, that the twb'wbmen came to my huts by stealth, and therej,kissed and nursed a boy-ono of my children. Then Chaka remembered the prophecy of Nobela, the dead Isanusi, and his heart grew dark with doubt. But to me he said nothing of tho matter, for his eyes then, as always, looked over my head. He '"did not fear me or believe that I plotted against him, I who was his dog. Still, he did thia, though whether by chance or design I ? -do not know: ho bade me go on a journey to a distant tribo that lived near the borders of the Amaswazi, there to take count of certain o£ the king's cattle which wero in the charge of that tribe, and to bring him knowledge of the tale of their increase. So I bowed before the king, and said that I would run like a dog to do his bidding, and he gave me men to go with me. Then I returned to my huts to bid fare- well to my wives and children, and there I found that my wife Auadi, tile mother of Moosa, my sou, had fallen sick with a wan- dering sickness, for strange things carno into lier mind, and what carno into her mind that «he said, being, as I did not doubt, dewiteked .by some enomy-of my house. Still, I must go upou the king's business, and1! told this to my wife Macropha, the mother of Nada, and, as it was thought, of _/TTmslopognas, the son of Chaka. But when " I told Macropha she burst into tears and clung ?to. mo. .1 asked her why Bhe wept thus, and .she answered that tho shadow of evil lay. upon her heart, for she was sure that if I left her at the king's kraal, when I returned again I should find neither hor nor . ; Nada, my child, nor Umslopogaas, who was named my son, and whom I loved as a son, : still'in tho land of life. Then I tried to calm her ; but tho more I strove the more she ?wept, saying that she knew well that these things would be so. Now I asked her what could be done, for \- my heart was stirred by her tears, and the dread of evil crept from her to me ;as shadows creep from the valloy to the moun- tain. ¡.. t~-'. She answered, '.Take me .with you, my husband, that I may leave this ovil land, where tho very skies rain blood, and lot mo rest awhile in the place of my own people till thëiterror of Ohaka has gone by.' . ' How cari I do this thing?'I said. 'None ' may leave the king's kraal without the king's word.' .',''., ' 'A man may1 put away his wife,' she replied. 'The king does not Btand between _ a man and his wife. Say, my husband, that :, you love me no longer, that I bear you no moro children, and that therefore you send mo back tb whence I carno. By-and-bye we .will come together again, if we are left to look upon the SUD.' ' So bb it,' I anawerad. ' Leave the kraal with Nada and Umslopogaas this very night, and to-morrow morning moet me at tho river ? bank, and we will go on together, and for tho rest may tho spirits of our fathers hold us safe.' So we kissed each other, and she went oh secretly with the children, y Now, at the dawning on the morrow I called the men whom tho king had given me, and we started upon our journey. "When tho sun was well up we came to the banks of tho river, and there I found my wife Mac- ropha, and with her the two children. They, rose as 1 carno, but I frowned nt my wife and ;; .abo gave mo no greeting. , Those with me -! looked at.her askance. ;. . ; . ';' [, ' I have divorced this woman,' I said to them. ' She is a withered tree, a worn out old hag,, and now I take her back to send her to tho country of tho Swazis, whence : . -eho came.. Weep not,' I added to Marcropha, 'it is my last word.' ' What says tho king ?' asked the men. ' I will answer to the king,' I said, and wo wont on.' * , ..Now, I must toll how wo lost Uinulopo ' gaas, tho son of Chaka, who was now a great lad drawing on to manhood, fierce in temper, well grown and broad for his years., ""Wo' had journeyed seven days; fdr the way was long, and on tho night of thc seventh day we came to a mountainous country where there woro a few kraals, for Chaka had eaten them nil up years before. Perhaps you know tho place, my father. In it is a great and Btrange mountain. . It is haunted and named the Ghost Mountain, and on tho top of it is a grey peak shaped :likè the'head bf an aged woman. Here in this wild placo wo must sleep, for darkness drew on. Now', wo soon learned that there wore many lions in the rooks around, foi1 wo heard their roaring and were' much afraid, .-?.jall except Umslopogaas, who /oared nothing. Se'wo made a circle of thorn-bushes ¡incl sat in it, holding our assegais ready. Presently the -moon came ? up-it was a full-grown moon and very bright, so bright that1 we ., v could see ovorythiug ,for a long way round. '?*" Now^sbmo six' s near-th rows from where wc sat was a cliff; and nt the top of the cliff was a caye, and in.this cave lived two lions and their young." Whon tho moon grew bright we saw the lions come out and stand upon tho edge - of. tho cliff, and with them . "were two little ones that played about like J Kittens,'so that, had we not been frightened " ~it would have been beautiful to see thorn. '..Oh!-Umslopogaas,',said Nada, 'I would that I had one of tho little lions for a dog.1' Thc boy laughod,: saying ' Then, shall I fetch you one, sister ?' ' Peace, boy !' I said. ' No man may tako young.lionB,from their lair and live.'. ? ' Such things have been done, my'father,' \- ho answered, laughing ; and no more was ? said of tho matter. ; ' ?: ? u Now; when tho lions had played a while, we saw.the'lioness take up the cubs.in her it .'.mouth and carry thom into thq eayo.'' ;Then she came out again, and went away , with her .limatb'to seek-food, and soon we heard; thom . i 'roaring in, tho distance. ; Now-we staoked .ll'i'}"np'tbe firo and wont to sleep in our enclos 'hire of thorns without fear, for wo knew that _thojions.wore, far away eating game. But Umslopogaas did not sloop, for it had como .'into'his'mind that ho would fetch tho cub which Nada had desired, and, being young and foolhardy, ho thought little of tho :;! A Ï .dangerr that ho would bring upou himself ' -and nil.of us.- Ho know no fear, and now, ' 1 ns over, if Nada spoke a word, nay, oven if r. she thought; upon a thing to desire it, ho . !/ would not roBt till, it was won for her. So while wo slept ho crept like a snake from ' the îfonco. or thorns, and, taking an assegai .- .in his hand, ho slipped away to the foot of the cliff whoro tho lions had their den.; Then he climbed tho cliff, and coming to the cave, entered it and groped his way into it. The cubs heard him, and, thinking that it was their mother, began to whine and purr foi food. Guided by the light of their yellow eyes, he crept aver the bones, of which there were many in the cave, and came to where they lay. Then he put out his hands and seized one of the cubs, killing the other wi tb his assegai, because he could not carry bott of them. Nowhe made haste thence before th« liona returned, and. carno back to the thorn fence « hero we lay just as the dawn wai breaking. I awoke nt the coming of the dawn, and. standing up, I looked out. Lo! there ot the farther side of th e¡ thorn ' fence, looking large in the grey, mist, átóod the lad Uinslo' pognas laughing. In his teeth he held thc assegai, yet dripping with blood, and in hil hand the lion cub that, despite its whines and struggles, he grasped by tho skin of the neel and tho hind legs. ' Awake, my sister !' he cried ; * here is tht dog you sought. Ah ! ho bites now, but h( will soon grow tame.' Nada awoke, and, rising, cried out wit! joy at the sight of the cub, but far a lnotneul I stood astonished. 'Fool!' I cried at last, ' let the cub gc before the lions come to rend us !' ' I will riot let it go, my father,' bo ans- wered sullenly. ' Are there not five of us with spears, and can we not fight two cats ; I was not afraid to.go alone into their den. Are you all afraid to meet them in the open ?' 'You ave mad,' I said; '.let the cub go!' and I ruahed at Umslopogaas to take it from him. But he sprang aside and avoidod me. ' I will never let that go of which I have got hold,' he said, ' at least not living!' and suddenly lie seized the head pf the cub and twisted its neck ; then threw it on to thc ground, and added: ' See, now I have done your bidding, my father !' As he spoke there came a great sound oi roaring from the eave in the cliff. Tho lions had returned and found ono cub dead and thc other gone. ' Into the fence !-back into the fence !' 1 cried, and we sprang over the thorn bushes where those with us already were making ready their spears, trembling ns they did so with fear and the cold of the morning. We looked up. There, down the side of the cliff, came the lions, bounding on the scent of bim who had robbed them of their young. Thc lion came" first, and as he came he roared ; then followed the lioness, but she did noi roar, for in her mouth was tho cub thal UmslopogaaBliadassegaiedintbe cave. Now they drew near, mad with fury, their muñe: bristling, and lushing their flanks with theil long tails. ' Curse you for a fool, son of Mopo,' said one o£ the men with me to Umslopogaas; ' presently I will beat youtill the .blood comes for this trick;'' .'<,'. ' First beat the lions, then -boat mo if yoi can,' answered tho hid 'and wait tb curse til you have done both.', Now tho lions were near ; they came tc the body of the second cub, that lay outside the fence of thorns. . The lion : stopped und sniffed it. Then ho roared-ah! he roared till tho earth shook. As for the lioness, she dropped the- dead cub she' was carrying aud took tho other into her mouth, for she could not carry both. : ' Get behind me, Nada,' cried Uinslopogaas, brandishing his spear, ' tho lion is going to spring.' As the words left his-mouth the great brute crouched to the ground.. Then sud- denly ho sprang from it like a bird, aud like a bird he travelled through the air towards us. . ' : . ; ' ' Catch him on the spears !' cried Umslo- pogaas, arid by nature,, as it wore, wo did the boy's bidding; for huddling ourselves to- gether, we held out the assegais so that the ' lion fell upon thom as he sprang, and thoii blades sank far into him. But the weight oi his charge carried us to the ground, and he foll on to us, striking at us and at the spears, and roaring with pain and fury as ho struck. Presently he was on his legs biting at thc spears in his breast Then Umslopogaas, 'who alone had not waited his onslaught, but had stepped aside for his own ends, gave a loud cry and drove his assegai into the lion behind tho'shoulder, so that with a groan the brute rolled, over dead. Meanwhile, the lioness had stood without the fence,'the second dead cub in her mouth, for she could not bring herself to leave cither of them. But when she hoard her mate's last groan she dropped the cub and gathered herself . together to: spring. Umslopogaas alone stood up to face her,1 for ho only had : withdrawn his assegai from the carcase of'tlie lion, . Ori she'-'swopt towards tho lad, who stood like a stone to meet her: Now she met his spear, it sunk inj it snapped, and down fell' Umslopogaas dead or sonsoleas beneath the mass ot tho lioness. She sprang un, tho broken spear standing in her breast, sniffed at Umslopogaas, then, as though she. knew that it was he who had robbed her, she seized him by tho loins and moocha, and sprang with him over the fence. , ' Oh, save him !'Retied.the girl . Nada, ju bitter woe j'; arid'we rushed ' lifter tho lioness shouting. For a moment she stood over her dead cubs, Umslopogaas hanging frotp her mouth, and looked at them as though she wondered ; and we hoped that sho might lot him full. Then, hoaring our cries, she turned and bounded away towards the bush, bearing Umslopogaas in her mouth.' We seized our spears and followed ;; but soon , tho ground grew stony, and, search as we wouldj we could find no trace of Umslopogans or of the lioness, "They had vanished like a cloud. So wo came back, and, ah ! my heart was sore, for I loved tho lad as though he had indeed been my.son. But I knew that he was dead, and there was an end. ' Where is my brother?' cried Nada when we came back. _ 'Lost,' I answered. 'Lost, never tobe found again.'" ' Then the girl gave a great and bitter cry, nnd fell to the earth saying, ' I would that I were dead with my brother ! ' Let: UB be going,', said Macropha, my ?wife.'- , , , , - >' Have you, then, no tears to woop for your «on ?' asked a'man of our company, i ,\ What, ia tho' uso ' of ^weeping over the dead? Does it, then, bring them,back?' she answered. ' Let us be going 1' Tho man thought these ? words Btrnnge, but ho did riot, know that'Umslopogaas was not born bE.-Macropha.' Still,. we waited in that place a day, thinking that, perhaps, tho lioness', would return to her -den and, that, at least, we might slay her. But she came back no more. Sq on tho next morning we rolled up our. blankets. and started; forward on our journey, sad at heart. Iii truth', Nada was so weak from "grief, that she could hardly travel, but. I .never heard the, name of Umslopogaas pass her lips agnin during that journey. She buried him in her , heart and said nothing. And I too said nothing, but I wondered why it had been put in my mind that I should save the life of Umslopo- gaas from the jaws of the Lion of the Zulu, that the lioness of the rocks might devour him. And so the time went on till we reached the kraal where the king's, business must be done, and where I and my wife should part On the morning after we came to the kraal, having kisser! in secret, though out- wardly we looked sullenly ou one another, we parted as those part who meet no more, for this was in our minds that we should never seo each other's faces again, nor, indeed, did we do so. And I drew Nada aside and spoke to her thus-' We part, my daughter; nor do I know when we shall meet again, for the times are troubled and it is for your safety and that of your mother that I rob my eyes of the sight of you. Nada, you will soon be a woman, and you will be fairer than any wpman among our people, and it will como about that many great men -will' seek you in marriage, and, perhaps, that I, your father, shall not be there to choose for you whom you shall wed, according to the custom of our land. But this I charge you, so far as may be possible for you to do so, take only a man whom you can love, and be faitbful to him alone, for so shall a woman lind happiness.' Here I stopped, for the girl took hold of my hand, aud looked into my face. 'Peace my father,' she said, 'do not speak to me of marringa, for I will wed no man, now that Umslopogaas is dead because of my foolish- ness. I will live and die alono, and, oh ! may I die quickly, that I may go to seek him whom alone I love.' 'Nay, Nada,' I said, 'Umslopogaas was your brother, aud it is not fitting that you should speak of him thus, even though he is dead.' * ' Of such matters I know nothing, my father,' she said, 'I-speak what my heart tells me, and it tolls me that I loved Umslo- pogaas only living, and, though he is dead, I shall love him only to tho end. Ah ! you think me but a child, yet my heart is large, and it does not lie to me.' Now, I upbraided the girl no more, because I knew that UmslopogasB was not her brother, but one with whom she might have wedded. Only I marvelled that the voice of naturo should speak so truly in her, telling her that which was lawful, oven when it seemed to be most unlawful. ' . ' Speak no moro of Umslopogaas,' I said, ' for surely he is dead, and though you may not forget him,, yet Bpeak of him no moro, and I pray this of you, my daughter, that if we do not meet again, yet you should keep me in your mind, and the love I bear you, and tho words that from timo to time I haye said to you. The world is a thorny wilder- ness, my daughter, and the : thorns are watered with a rain of blood, and we wander in our wretchedness as lost travellers in a mist ; nor do I know why our feet are set upon this wandering. But at last there comes an end, and we die and go hence, none know where, but perhaps where we go the evil may chango to tho good, and those who were dear to each other on the earth may become ; yet dearer in tho heavens ; for I believe this-that man is not born to perish altogether, but is rather gathered again to the Umkuluukulu who sent him on his journeyings. Therefore keep hope, my daughter, for, if these things are not so, at least sleep remains, and Bleep is soft, and so farewell.' Then we kissed and parted, and I watched Macropha, my wife, and Nada, my daughter, till they melted into the sky as they walked upon their journey to Swaziland, and WBB very sad at heart, because, having loBt Umslopogaas, ho who in after days was named the Slaughterer and the Woodpecker, I must lose them also, CHAPTER X.-THE TRIAL OP Moro. ; Now, I sat four days in tho , huts , of tho tribe whither I had been sent, and did the king's business. And on tho fifth morning I roso up, together, with those with me, and wo turned our faces towards the king's kraal. > . But when wo had journeyed a little way we met a party of soldiers,'who commanded us to stand. ' What is it, king's men ?' I asked boldly. ' This, son of Makadema,' answered their spokesman ; 1 give over to us your wife Macropha and. your children, Umslopogaas and Nada, that wo may do. with thomas tho king commands.' ' ' Por Umslopogaas,' I answered, .' he has gone where the king's arm cannot stretch, for he is dead j and for my wife Macropha and my 'daughter, Nada,, they are by now in tho caves of the Swazis, and thither the king must seek them with an army if he will find them. To Macropha-he is welcome, for I hate her, and have divorced her; and as for tho girl, well, there aro many girls, and it is nb great'matter if she lives or dies ; yet I pray him to spare her.' * .? ThuB.I spoke carelessly, for I knew well that my wife and child were beyond the reach of Chaka.' ' ' ' " .' . _ ; , / . ' You do":well to ask the girl's life,'Baid the soldier, laughing, ' for all those born to you aro dead, hy order of tho king.' 'Is it indeed so?'' I answorod, calmly, though my knees shook and my tongue clove to my lips. ' The will of tbo'king bo dono. A cut stick puts out new leaves; I can have more children.' ' Ay, Mopo ; but you must-first get now wives,, for>.yours are - dead ; also,; all ;five: of them.' . ???? i .' ' Is it indeed sp ?' I answered. Tho king's will be done., I wearied of those brawling women.' ' So, Mopo,' said tho soldier ; ' but to got other wives and have more children born .to you, you yourself must live, for no children are born to the dead, and I think that Chaka has ari assegai which you shall kiss.' ' Is* it so ?' I answorod. ' The king's will be done. The sun is hot, and I tiro of tho road. He who kisses tho assegai sleeps sound.' : i; " Thus I spoke, my father, and, indeed, in that hour I desired to die. The "world was empty for mo. Macropha and Nada were gone, Utnslopogaas was dead, and dead were my other wives and children. I had littlo heart to begin to build up a new house. None were left for me to love, audit seemed well that I should dio also. The soldiors asked of thoso with mc if that tale was true which I told of tho death of Umslopogaas and of tho going of Macropha and Nada into Swaziland. They said, yes, it was "true.. Then the soldiors said that they would lead mo back to the king, and at this I wondered, for I thought that they would kill me where I Btood. .. So wo went on, and piece by pioco I learned what had happened'at the king's kraal. ; On tho day after I loft, it carno to i'tho oars of Chaka, by tho mouth of his spies, that my second wifo-Anadi-waB sick and spoke strange words in her sickness.. Then/ taking three soldiers with him, he^ went to my kraal at tho death of tho day. At' the I gates of the kraal be left the three soldiers, bidding them to suffer none to come in or go out, but he himself entered the large hut where An ad i lay sick, having his toy assegai, with the shaft of the royal red wood in hiB hand. Now, as it chanced, in the hut were TTnandi, the mother of Chaka, and Baleka, my sister, the wife of Chaka, for, not knowing that I had taken away Umslopo- gaas, the son of Baleka, according to their custom, these two foolish ones had come to HBS and fondle the lad. But when they entered the hut they found it full of my other wives and children. These they sent away, all except Moosa, the sou of Anadi, who lay sick-that boy who was born eight days before Umslopogaas, the eon of Chaka. Him they kept iii the hut, and kissed him, giving him iinpbi to eat, and they did this fearing lest it should seem strange to the women, my wives, if, Umslopogaas being gone, they would take notice oE no other child. Now, as they sat thus, presently the door- way was darkened, and, behold ! the king himself crept through it, and saw them fond- ling the child Moosa. "When they knew who it was that entered, the women flung them- selves upon the ground before him and praised him. But he smiled grimly, and bade them be seated. Then ho spoke to them, saying, 'Xou wonder, Unandi, my mother, and Baleka, my wife, why it is that I am come here into the hut of Mopo, son of Makedama. ? I will tell you ; it is because he is away upon my business, and I hear that his-wife Auudi is sick-it is she who lies there, is it hot 1 Therefore, ns the first doctor in the land I am come to cure her, Unandi, my mother, and Baleka, my wife.' Thus he spoke, eyeing them as he did so, and taking snuff from tho blade of his little assegai, and though his words were gentle they shook with fear, for when Chaka spoke thus gently ho meant death to-many. But Unandi, Mother of the Heavens, answered, saying that it was good that the king had come, since his medicine would bring rest and peace to her who lay Bick. 'Tes,' be answered, 'it is good. It is pleasant, moreover,'my mother and my sis- ter, to see you kissing yonder child. Surely, were he of your own blood you could not love him more.' Now they trembled again, and prayed in their hearts that Anadi, tho sick.woman, who' lay asleep, might not wake and utter foolish words in her wandering. But the prayer was answered from below, and not from above, for Anadi woke, and, hearing the voice of the king, her sick mind flew to him whom she believed to be the king's child. ' Ah !' BIIO Baid, sitting upon the ground and pointing to her own son Moosa, who squatted frightened against the wall of the hut. ' Kiss him, Mother of the Heavens, kiss him ! Whom do they call him, the young cub who brings ill fortune to our doors ? They call lum son of Mopo and Macropha !' and she laughed wildly, stopped speaking, and sank back upon the bed of skins. ' They call him son of Mopo and Mac- ropha,' said the king in a low voice. 'W^hose son is he, then, woman ?' 'Oh, ask her not, O king,' cried his mother and his wife, casting themselves upon the ground before him, for they were mad with fear. ' 'Ask her not: she has strange fancies such as are not meet for your ears to hear. She ia bewitched, and has dreams and fancies.' . ??.;>?' . 'Peace!' he answered. "I would listen to this woman's wanderings. Perhaps som o star of truth shines, in her darkness, arid I would see light. ? Who, then, is he, woman?' 'Who is he?' she answered. 'Are you then, a fool that ask who is he? He is hUBh 1-put your ear close-lot nie speak low lest the reeds'of the hut whisper it to the king. He is-do you hearken? He.is the son of Chaka and Baleka, the sister of Mopo, whom Unandi, Mother of tho Heavens, palmed off upon this house to bring a curse on it, and whom she would lead out before the people when the land is weary of - the wickedness of the king, her son, to take the place of.tho king.' .'It is falso, O king!' cried the two women. 'Do not listen to her; it is false. The boy is her own non, Moosa, whom she does not know in her sickness.' But Chaka stood up in the hut and laughed terribly.', 'Truly, Nobeia . prophesied well,' ho cried, ' and I did ill to slay her. So i this is' the trick thou hast played upon 'me) my mother.- Thou wouldst give me' a son who will baye no son ; thou would give mo a son to kill me. Good ! . Mother of the Heavens, take thou the doom of tho Heavens ! Thou wouldst give trie a son to slay ino and rule in my place; now in turn, I, thy son, will rob me of a mother. Die, ITnandi !-die at tho hand thou didsfbring forth !' And he lifted tho assogai and smote it through her. ,.. For a moment Unandi, Mother of the Heavens, wife of Senzangacona, stood utter- ing no cry. ' Then she put1 up her hand', and drew tho assegai from nor heart. ? 'So shalt thou also' die, Chaka the Evil !' she cried, and'fell down dead there in the hut. . ' ?- ??";-'.' ??' ;; " : Thus, then, ¿lid Chaka slay his mother Unandi. . . Ta bit continued hi Saturday's .innre." 