THIS EAST OF THE OLD CHURCH CHOIR. —“Wes sex Folk,” by Thomas Hardy. It-happened on Sunday after Christmas the last Sunday over they played in Long puddle Church gallery as it turned out, though they didn’t know it then. As you may know sir, the plivyi&rrf; formed a very good bana — nlraost as good as the MoUstook parish players that wore led by tlij Dawys—:*nd Lhatis saying, a groat dual. There was Nicholas Puddiugooine, the loader, with the first fiddle ; there was Timothy Thomas, the bass viol nun ; John Biles, the tonor fiddler; serpentjltobort Dawdle, with the clarionet; and Mr, Nicks, with the ohoo—all sound and powerful musi cians, and strong-winded men—all they that hi owed. For that reason they, wore very much in demand Christmas week for Hwlo reels and dancing parties; for they could torn a jig or a hornpipe dot of hand as well as ever they could torn out a psnlnh find jJurhaps bettor; riot to spdak Irreverent In Short, one half ; hour they could bo playing a Christmas carol in the squire’s ball to the Indies and gentlemen, nnd drinking toy and eoltoo with ’em ns modest ns sniuw, and the next at the Tinkers’ Arms, biasing away Hko wild horses with tho “ Dashing White: Sergeant" to eight couple of dancers and more, and swallowing rum nnd older hot as j llaino. . , Well, this.Christmas they’d boon out to one' raUlftig kick-up after another every night,’ and lifid got next to no sicop at nil. Thou came tho Sunday after Chrstims; their fatal day. ’Twas so mortal cold that year that they could hardly sit in the gallery ; ' for though the congregation down in tho body of tho ohuroh had a stovo to keep off the front, tho players in the gallery had none at all. So Nicholas said at morning service, when ’twas freezing an inch an hour, “Please the Lord I won’t stand this numbing weather no longer; this afternoon we’ll have something in our insides to make us warm, if it coats a king’s ranspm.” Bo ho brought a gallon of hot brandy and boor, ready mixed, to church with him in the afternoon, and by keeping tho jar wo 1 wrapped up in Timothy Thomas’s bass-viol bag it kept drinkably warm till they wanted it, which was just a thimbleful in tho absolu- | tioii, nnd another in tho crcod, and tho remainder at tho beginning of tho sermon. When thov had had the last pull they felt quite comfortable and warm, and as tno ser mon wont on—most unfortunately for thorn it was a long one that afternoon—they foil asleep, every mnn jack of ’om, and there they slept on os sound as rooks. ’Twas a very dark afternoon, and by the end of tho.sermon'all you dould soo of the inside of the church wore tho parson’s two candles alongside of him in tho pulpit, and' bis face behind ’(ini. Tho sermon being' ended at last,tho parson gave out tho evening hymn., But no choir sot about sounding up the; tune, and' the people began to turn* theif heads to, learn- tho reason why, and then Lori Limpet, a boy who sat : in tho gallery, nudged Timothy mid Nicholas, and said, “Begin 1 begin ” “Hoy? what?" says Nicholas, starling up,* and tho church being so dark and'his' head so muddled luTthought ho was at the parly they had played at alt the night before, and away ho wont, bo\v and fiddle, at “ Tho Devil among the Tailors,” the favorite jig of our neighborhood at that time, Tho rest’of the band, being in the same state of mind, and .nothing doubling, followed .their leader with all their strength, according to custom. They poured outjhnt their tune till the lower bass notes of “Tho Devil among Iho Tailors” made tho cobwebs in tlio roof shiver like ghosts; then Nicholas, seeing nobody move, shputed out as ho' scraped (in his usual com manding way at dances when tho folks didn’t Icnpw tho figures), “Ton couples cross hands, and when 1 make tho fiddle squeak at tho end; every man kiss his partner under tho mistle toe, " The boy Lori was so frightened that ho bolted down tho gallery stairs nnd out home ward like lightning. The parson’s hair fairly stood on end whoii ho heard the evil tune racing through the church, andthinking the chpir had gone crazy,ho held up his band and sajd,, “ Stop, stop, stop 1 'Stop 1 slop! What’s this?” But they didn’t hear him for the riojso of their own playing, and tho more he called the,louder they played. Then the folks name out of their pews, wondering dorm to the ground and saying, “ tyhat do they mean by such wickedness? Wo shall bo consumed .like Sodom’ and Gomorrah. ” the squire came out of his pow,whioh was lined with green baize, whore lots of lords and ladies visiting at tho bouse wore worshipping along with them, nnd wont nnd stood in the front of tho gallery, and shook Ids fist in the musicians’ faces, saying, “What! In this reverent edifice,! What!” And at last they hoard him through their playing, nnd stopped. “ Never such an in sulting, disgraceful thing--never 1” says tho squire, who couldn’t rule his passion. “Never!” says tho parson, who had come down and sood beside him. !“Not if the angels of heaven,” says the, squire (ho was a wickodish man, tho squire was, though now for once ho happened to bo of tho Lord’s side) —not if the ungols of heaven come down,” ho says, shall one of you villainous players over sound a note in this church again for the insult to mo and ray family, and my visitors, nnd God Almighty, tint you’ve a perpetrated this afternoon.” ; Then tho unfortunate church band came, to thoir senses, and remembered whore they worn; and ’twas a sight to soo Nicholas Pcddingcombo and Timothy Thomas and •Xohh Biles creep down tho gallery stairs with their fiddles under thoir arms, and poor Dan’l (Hornhead with his serpent, nnd Robert Dawdle with his clarionet,all looking as little ns ninepins, nnd out they wont. The parson might have forgi’od ’em when ho learned-the truth o’t, but. the squire would rot. That very week’ bo sent for a barrel organ that would play two-and-twenty now psalm tunes ; so exact and particular that, however badly inclined; you was, you could play nothing but .psalm tunes whatsoever; Ho had a really mnn to turn the winch, ns I said and the old players played no more. 