CHAPTER VIII. the symptom of anxiety and alarm aliected : Edith’s own spirits; they did more,—they 1 shook her faith in the justice of hor kinsman’s conclusions. _ His arguments in relation to the road were, indeed, unanswerable; and Xelie had offered none to weaken them. Yet why should she betray such distress, if they were upon the right one ? and why, in fact, should she not be supposed to know both the right and the wrong, sinoe she had, as she suid, frequently travelled both p These questions Edith could not refrain ask ing of Boland, who professed himself unable to answer them, nnlesa by supposing the girl had become confused, as he thought was hot im probable, or had, in reality, been so long absent from the' forest, as to have forgotten its paths altogether; which was likely enough; as she seemeda very simple-minded, inexperienced creature. “But why need we,” he said, “ trouble ourselves to find reasons for the poor girl’s opnoflition P Here are tho tracks of our friends, broader and deeper than ever; here they wind down into the hollow; and there you may see where they have floundered throhgh that vile pool, that is still turbid, where they crossed it. A. horrible quagmire! But oonrage, my fair eousin; - it is only such difficulties as these which the road can lead ns Snch were the expressions with which the yonng soldier endeavoured to reassure his kins woman’seourage, her own confidence remaining still unmoved; although, in secret, ho felt somewhat surprised at the coincidence between the girl’s recommendations of the hye-road and the injunctions of his morning dream. Bat while pondering over the wonder, he had arrived at the qnagmire alluded to, through which the difficulties of conducting his cousin were sufficiently great to banish other matters for amoment from his mind. Having crossed it at last in safety, he paused to give such-in structions or assistance as might he needed by his two followers; when Edith, who had halted at his side, suddenly laid her hand on his arm, and exclaimed, with a visage of terror,— . “Hark, Boland! do you hear P What is that f” “Heard him, massa!” ejaculated Emperor, from the'middle of the bog, with voice still more quavering than the maiden’s, and lips rapidly changing from Spanish-brown to clayey-yellow;'.”heard him, massa! Beckon it’s an Injnm! lorra-masey !” r ' ' “Peaoei fool,” cried Forrester,'.bending hir looks from thealarmed oouutenanee of his kins woman; to the quarter' wheats had' proceeded' thesoond whieh had eo suddenlygtruek terror into her bosom.: •' :i; t : « Hark,' Boland! it rises' sgainf’ she ex-; claimed; and Boland now - distinctly 'heard ’ a>: raooad^inthedepthef theforast.-totbe right, head, as of the yell of a human bring, but at a great distance off. At the place which they had reached, the canes and undergrowth of other kinds lad disappeared; and a wide glade, stretching oier hill and hollow, swept away from both sides of the road, further than the eye could see The trees, standing wider apart than usual, sere, if possible, of a more majestic stature; their wide and massive tops were so thickly interfused, that not a single sunbeam found its war amcngtlie gloomy arcadeB below. A wilder, mere solitary, and more awe-inspir ing spot Rolaud had not before seen; and ; it was peculiarly fitted to add .doubli effect to sights and sounds ,of a melancholy or fearful character. Accord iiugly, when the cry was repeated, as it soon 'was, though at the same distance as before, it came eclioeing among the hollow arches of the woods, with a wild and almost unearthly cadence, the) utterance, ub it seemed, of mortal agony and despair, that breathed a secret horror through the breasts of all. “It is the Jibbenainosay! ” muttered the shivering Telie; “ these are the woods he used to range in most; and they say he screams after his prey ! It is not too late—let us go “ An Injun, massa!” said the Emperor, stuttering with fright, and yet proceeding to handle his arms, and to give oncouragement to his youuf mistress, which his age uud privileged chuacter, as well as the urgency of the occasion, entitled him to do; don’t he afraid missis' Edie ; nebber mind ; ole Em peror will ight and die for miseie, old massa John's daughter!” “ HiBt!” 'said Roland, as another Bcrearn rose on theair, louder and more thrilling than “ It is the cry of a human being !” said Edith, “ «f a man in distress !’’ “ It is,indeed,” replied the soldier—“ of a man in great peril, or Buffering. Remain 1 here on the road ; and if anything—Nay, if tjou will follow me, it may he better ; hut let iFbe at a distance. If anything happens to me,setspuis to your horses; Tehe can at least lead yon hack to the fort.” With these words, and without waiting to hear the remonstrances, or removo the terrors, of his companions, the young man turned^his horse in the wood, and, guided by the ones, which were almost incessant, soon found him self in the vioinity of the place from which they proceeded. It was a thick growth of beeches, of the colossal growtli of the west, their stems as tall and straight as the piues of tiio Alleghanie's, and their boughs, arched and pendulous like those of the elm, almost sweeping the earth below, over which they cast shadows so dirk that scarce anything was visible beneath them, save their hoary und spectral trunk. As Roland, followeu br the little party, ap proached this spot, the cries of the unknown, and as yet unseen, sufferer, fearful even at a | disrauce, grew into the wildest shrieks of fear, mingled with groans, howls, broken prayers : and execrations, and h Jf- inarticulatc expres sions. now of fonddngentreaty, now of tierce and frantic command, that seemed addressed to a second person hard by. A thousand strange asd appnlliug conceits had crept into Roland's mind, when he first heard the cries. One while he almost fancied he had stumbled upon a gang 0‘jja.vagsfl, who were torturing a prisoner to doath; another moment, he thought the yells must proceed from some unlucky hunter, perishing by niches in the grasp of, a wild beast, perhaps a bear or Jiantber, with which auimals it was easy to be fore the forest might abound. With such horrible fancies oppressing his mind, hie sur prise may be imagined, when, having cocked his rifle and thrown open his holsters, to bo pre pared for the worst, he rushed into the grove, and beheld a speetaola no more formidable than was presented by a single individual,—a man in a shaggy blanket coat,—sitting on horseback under one of the most venerable of the beeches, and uttering those diabolical outcries that had alarmed the party, for no imaginable purpose, as Roland was at first inclined to suspect, unless for his own private diversion. A second look, however, convinced the soldier that the wretched being had sufficient cause for his clamour; being in truth, in a situation almost as dreadful as any Roland had imagined. His arms were pinioned behind his hack, and his neck eecured in a halter (taken, as it appeared, from his steed), by which he was fastened to a largo bough lmmeSately above his head, with nothing betwixt him and death, save the the horse on which he sat,—a young and terrified beast, at whose slightest start or motion, he must have swung off and perished, while he possessed no means of re straining the animal whatever, except such as lay in strength of leg and virtue of voice. In this terrible situation, it was plain, he had remained for a considerable period, his clothes and hair (for his hat had fallen to the ground) being saturated with rain; while his face, purple with'blood, his eyes swollen and pro truding from their orbits, with a most ghastly .look of agony and fear, showed how often the uneasiness of his horse, round whose body his legs were wrapped with the convulsive energy ' of despair, had brought him to the very verge of strangulation. The yslls of mortal terror, for such they had been, with which he had so long filled the forest, were changed to shrieks of rapture, as soon as he beheld help approach in the person of the astonished soldier. “ Praised be the Etamal !” lie roared; “ cut me loose, strannger!—Praised be the Etarnal, and this here dumb beast ?—Cut me loose strannger, for the love of God!” Such was Roland’s intention ; for which pur poso he had already clapped his hand on his sabre, to employ it in service more humane than any it had previously known; when un fortunately, the voice of the fellow did what his distorted countenance had failed to do, and re vealed to Roland's indignant eyes the author of all his present difficulties, the thief of the pin fold, the robber of Brown BriareuB—in a word, the redoubtable Captain Ralph Stackpole. In a moment, Roland understood the mystery which he had been before too excited to inquire into. He remembered the hints of Bruce ; and he had learned enough of border customs aud priuciples, to porceive that the justice of the woods had at last overtaken the horse-thief. The pursuing party had captured him—taken him in the very manner, while stillinpossession of the “ two-year- old pony,” and at once adjudged him to the penalty prescribed by the border code—tied his arms, noosed him with the halter of tho stolen horse, and left him to Bwing, as soon as the animal should be tired of supporting him. There was a kind of dreadful noetical justice in thus making the stolen horse the thief’s executioner; it gave the animal itself ; opportunity to wreak vengeance for all wrongs | received, and at the same time allowed hie captor the rare privilege of galloping on his back iuto eternity. Such wub the mode of settling such offences against the peace and dignity of the settle ments ; such was the way in which Stackpole had been reduced to his unenviable situation ; and that all paseers- hy might take note that tho execution had not been done without authority, there were painted upon the smooth white bark of the tree, in largo black lottcrs, traced by a finger well charged with moistenod gun-powder, the ominous name—Judgis Lrxcn—the Bhada the ominous name—Jltdg r. IjXNCii—the Bhada manthusof the forest, whose decisions are yet respected in the land, and whose authority sometimes bids fair to supersede that of all erring human tribunals. Thus tied up, his riflo, knife and ammunition laid under a tree hard by, that ho might have the satisfaction, if satisfaction it could be, of knowing they were in safety, the executioners had loft him to bia fate, and ndden away, long since, to attend to other important affairs of the °°moment that Roland understood in whose service he was drawing hiB sword, a change came over the spirit of his thoughts and Change came o»er me opiivvi. j, feelings; and lie returned it very composedly to its sheath—much to the satisfaction of the to its --. .-., ,_ negro, Emperor, who, reoognisme the unfor tunate Ralph, at the same instant, cried aloud. 'Top maaa! ’t ar Captaiu Stackpole, what Briery ! Reckon I’ll touch the stole Brown ~—j ■ --—----- . pony on the rib, hah! Hanging too good ror him. white niggah rief, hah 1” . With that,flieincensed negro made as. if he would have dfiven the pony from under the luckless Ralph, hut was prevented by his master, who,\takinga second survey of the spectacle, motioned, to the horror-struck females to rctirp, and prepared himself to follow “ ’Tarnnl death to you, captain ! you won’t leave me?” cried Ralph, in terror. “Honor -bright! Hein him that needs help—that’s the rule for a Christian!’! “VillainP’-saidRoland, sternly, “Ihaveno help to givo you. Yon are strung up according to the laws of the settlements, with which 1 have no desim to interfere. I am the last man you should ask for pity.” . \- “I don’t i r your pity,’tarnal deathtome, I ax -yourh Ip!’•’ -roared Ralph: “Cut mo loose is the v ird, and then sw'ar at me utter! I stolsyouhosttlmr:—well. wligr’s the harm? Hiiin’t he Ain ! me, aud kick me, Bnd bite me into the barg in, the cursed savage ? and aru't you got* hit og’in as good as ever? And besides, didu’ that eternal old Bruoo fob me off with a boost | sod for nothing, and talk big to ins besides ? tad wam’t that alt fa’r provo cation?-1 An ida’t you yourself sw’ar ag’in sinking paws vith me, and treat me as if I war no gentleman ’Tarnal death to me, cut me looie/orlil l out you, when I'm-a ghost;'I will, ’tarnal d sthtome!’’ • :•■*_■■ « Cut him < iwn, Roland; for heaven’s sake!” 'said Edith, w am the surprise and terror of the spectacle at rit rendered speechless: “you surely—no, Roland, you surely can’t mean to leave him to perish V” “ Upon my soul,** said the soldier, and wo are sorry to record a speech representing him in a light so unamiable, “I dpn’t see what right I have to release him; and I really have not the least inclination to do po. The rascal is the cause of all our difficulties; and, if evil Bhould happen us, he will be the cause of that too. But for him, we should he now Bafe with our party. Aud besides, as I said before, he is hanged according to Kentucky law; _a very good law, as far as it regards hor3o-tlueves, for whom hanging is too light a punishment.” “ Nevertheless, release him, savo the poor wretch’s life,’1' reiterated Edith, to whom Stack pole, perceiving in her his only friend, now addressed the most piteous cries and suppli cations ; “ the law is murderous, its makers and. executioners barbarians. Save him, Roland, I charge you, I entreat yon !” 44 He owes his life to your intercession,’’ said the soldier; a*l, drawing Jusaabro again, but with no apparent good will, he divided the halter by which Ralph was suspended, and the wretch was free. “Cut the tug, the buffalo-tug!” shouted the culprit, thrusting hiB arms as far from his back as he could, and displaying the thong of bison skin, which his struggles had almost buried in hia flesh. A Bingle touch of the steel, rewarded by such a yell of transport as was never before, heard in those savage retreats, sufficed to sever the bond; and, Stackpole, leaping on the earth, began to testify his joy in modes as novel as they were frantic. His first act was to fling his arms around'the neck of his steed, which he hugged and kissed with the most rapturous affection, doubtless in requital of the docility it had shown when docility was so necessary to its rider's life; his second, to^ leap half a-dozen times into the air, feeling his neck all the time, and uttering the most singular and vociferous cries, as if to make double trial of the condition of hiB windpipe; his third,^to brawl aloud, directiag the important question to the soldier, “How many days has it been since they hanged me ? War it to-day, or yes terday, or the day before ? or war a whole year ago ? for may I be next hung to the horn of a buffalo, instead of the limb of a beech-tree, if I didn’t feel as if I had been squeaking thar ever since tho beginning of creation! Cock-a*doodIe dao! him that ar’n’t born to be hanged, won’t he hanged, no how I” Then running to Edith, who sat watching hia proceedings with silent amazement, ho flung himself on his knees, seized tho hern of her riding-habit, which he kissed with the fervor Ot nu adorer, exclaiming, witk a vehement sincerity that made the whole action still more strangely ludicrous. “Oh! you splen diferous creatur’! you augeliferous angel! here aw I, Ralph Stackpole the Screamer, that can whip all Kentucky, white, black, mixed, and Injun ; and I’m the man to go with you to tho ends of the ’arth, to fight, die, work, beg, and steal houses foj you ! I am, aud you may make a little nog of me ; you maj, *r a niggnr, or a hoes, bf a door-post, or a dinner— ’tarnal death to me, but you may eat me ! I’m the man to feel a favor, partiekelarly when it comes to helping me out of a halter; and so jist say tho word who shall I lick, to begin on, for I’m your slave jist as much as that niggur, to go with you, as I said before, to the ends of the ’aith, and the length of Kentucky over V> _ . - . , “ Away with you, you scoundrel ana jacka napes,” said Roland, for to this ardent expres sion of gratitude Edith was herself too muah frightened to reply. “ Strannger!” cried the offended horse-thief, 44 you cut the taer* and you cut the halter; anil so, though you did it only on hard axmg, I’d take as many hard words of you as you can pick out of a dictionary—I wul ’taiuM death to me. But as for madam, thar, tha angel, she saved my life, and I go to death in her service; and now’s the time to show sarrice, for thar’s uger abroad in the forest. ^ .. “ Danger !” echoed Roland^ hia anxiety niahing the disgust with which he was so neb inclined to regard the worthy horse ief; “ what make s you tay that ?’ “ Strannger,” replied Ralph, with a length ed vissage and a gravity somewhat Bur ising for him,141 sBed the Jibhenainosay. irnal death to me but I seed him, as plain os er I seed old Salt! I war a-hangmg thar, id squeaking and cussing, and talking soft msenso to the pony, to keep him out of his ntrume, when what should I see but a great eatur’ come tramping through the forest, jht off yander by the fallen oak, with a bjg ar before him-” - • ’ , “ Pish !” said the soldier, 44 what has .this to 44 Beca’se and-bacause,’* said Ralph,44 whett you see tha Jibhenainosay, thAr’s always ab hergynes (aborigines) in tho cover. I never need the critter before, but I reckon it war he, for thar’s nothing like him in natur’. _And bo I’m for cutting out of the forest jist on the track of a streak of lightning—now- hy’yak now thar, but on a full run without stopping. And so, if anngeliferoua madam iB willing, thump me round tho ’arth with a crab-apple, if I don’t help her out of the busheB, and do all the fighting into the bargain—I will, ’tarnal death to me 1” , 44 You maj’ go about your business, * said Ronald, with as much sternness as contempt. 4* Wo will have none of your base eompany. * 44 Whoop ’ whoo, whoo, whoo! don’t rifle (to rifle—to ruffle) me, for I’m dangerous !” yelled the demi-barbarian, springing on lufl stolen horse, and riding up to Edith. “ Say the word, marra,” he cried, 41 for I’ll fight for you, or run for you, take scalp or cut stick, shake fist or show leg, anything in reason or out of reason. Strannger, thar’s as brash (brash. —rash, headstrong, over-valiant) as a new hound in a b’ar fight, or a young boss in a cornfield, and no safe friend in forest. Say the word, marrn, or if you think it ar’nt man ners to speak to a stranger, jist shako yonj little finger, and I'll follow you like a dog, and do you a dog’s earvice. Or, if you don’t like roo^say the word, or shake t’other finger, and ’tarnal death to me, but Til be off like an elk of tho prairies!” 44 You may go,” Bald Edith, not at all solicitous to retain a follower of Stackpole’a character and conversation; “we have do occasion for your assistance.” “ Farewell!” said Ralph, and turning and giving his pony a thump with his fist and a kick with each heel, and uttering a Bhrill whoop, ho darted away through the forest, and was soon out of sight. (TO HE CONTINUED.) ALFRED COTTRELL and Co., Private Detective. Nest of Kin, Missing Friends and Enquirv Offices. lteliable information promptly obtained. Oxford-chambers, liourke street, Melbourne.—[Advt.] 