Literary Chitchat. One of the last batch of Queen's Counsel is Mr. Henry Fielding Dickens, eighth child and sixth son of the illustrous novelist, Charles Dickens. Fiction is now to have its quarterly. Under the title of the Long Quarterly (so named from its oblong shape) Mr. Elliot Stock will publish every three months a new novel by a prominent writer. The price will be half-a crown. Dr. George H. Kingsley, who died suddenly of heart disease, at Cambridge, on sth Feb ruary, was the last brother of Charles Kingsley, and three years older than Henry. He was a colloquial linguist and a keen sportsman. His literary work includes " South Sea Bubbles, by the Earl and the Doctor." The earl in thia collaboration was the Earl of Pembroke. Mr. David Wingate, "The Collier Poet," died in February, aged G4. He excelled in lyrioal pieces, and as early as 1850 attracted some notice by his writings, and obtained sufficient pecuniar; reward to enable him to attend the School of Mining in Glasgow and otherwise to improve his position. His second wife, who sur vives him, was Elizabeth Thomson, a grand daughter of Burns. Some ten or twelve years ago a pension of £50 was granted to Mr. Wingate by the Government. The death is announced of Mr. Valentine Durrant, the author of the " Cheveley Novels" —the first of which, "A. Modem Minister," excited considerable interest and speculation, for, being published anonymously, it was wrongly attributed to more than one famous author, the late Lord Lytton among the number. The £1,704,000 of Mr. W. H. Smith iB the greatest fortune made in recent years out of the newspaper business. It far exceeds the £503,000 of the late Mr. Edward Lloyd, ol the Daily Chronicle, and the £475,000 of Mr. Joseph M. Levy, of the Daily Telegraph. It also far ex ceeds the fortune of any publisher, the nearest approach being the £520,000 of Mr. G. W. Fetter, of Cassell and Co. Mr. Justice Grant ham and a jury, on 17th February last, tried an action brought to recover possession of MSS. from W. J. Morgan, J. L. Tomkins, the City of London Publishing Company, and the Authors' Alliance (Limited). The plaintiff, Mr. James Swindells, of Man chester, seven years ago received a letter from Morgan and Tomkins asking him to send manuscripts for publication; he did so, and also sent £40, which had been collected from subscribers for his book, but he had never heard any more of the matter. The defendants did not appear, and the Judge advised the jury to award the plaintiff a substantial sum for damages, remarking that probably this was not the first time poor authors had been robbed in this way. The jury gave a verdict for the plaintiff for £500 damages. Novelists' law, says the New York Tribune, is the subjeot of criticism again. Oscar Wilde is one of the latest to err. In his recent ghost story the English peer says of certain jewels: " As for their being heirlooms, nothing is an heirloom that is not mentioned in a will or a legal document." And one apparently sober statement of law shows a lamentable ignorance of common diction. "I know," says the speaker concerning English law, " that in this country mortmain is held to apply to trinkets as well as land, and it is quite clear to me that these jewels should be heirlooms." Another novelist has an apparently reputable firm of lawyers proposing to stop a criminal prosecu tion if a oivil demand is met. The notions of many novel writers about wills are particularly vague, and it is safe to say that two- thirds of the novelists' law points wduld find no sanction in the courts. Charles Dickens, Wilkie Collins, Miss Braddon, and othors, howover, either had lawyers examine their books or prepared them selves by study, aB they are usually accurate. 