WHOSE FAULT WAS IT? BY AMY. "YOU'RE not in earnest, Mr Theodore?" 'Of course I'm in earnest, Delia. You're the prettiest little piece of roses and dimples 1 ever saw. Don't your glass tell you the same thing? Ten o'clock 1 Why, where on earth has the time slipped to ? I ought to have been down town half an hour ago. It's all your fault, Delia." And Mr Theodore St Volens hurried off, chucking Delia Stephens under the chin as he went by. "I -wonder," thought Delia, "if he really loves me. I wonder—" " DeliaDelia! what are you loitering about!" cried a shrill, high-pitched voice. " Ten o'clock, and the poodle not washed, the canaries neglected, and the drawingroom not dusted ? Really, Delia, I don't know what's come to you of late." "I—I was detained. I am just through here, ma'am, faltered Delia, flushing crimson up to the very roots of her hair as she hurried out of the room. Delia Stephens was Mrs St Volens' parlour maid and especial attendant. She had been a milliner's apprentice before the rich lady saw and took a fancy to her, when she—Mrs St Volens—was dictating as to the trimming of a hat. " How much do you get here ?" said Mrs St Volens; and Delia answered " Only my board, ma'am." " I'll give you £2 a month," said Mrs St. Volens. And Delia Stephens abandoned her trade and came to live with the rich lady. She was.a farmer's daughter, and now that she had obtained this fine situation, as it seemed to her, she wrote home a letter of triumph. " I might have stayed out there in the wilderness all my days," wrote Delia, " and never earned anything more than my board." It was half an hour or so afterwards, and Delia was busy fluting some wide Valenciennes lace for her mistress, when Mrs St. Volens'shrill voice summoned, her , up-stairs. And Delia knew froiri the very accent that something was wrong. Mrs St. Volens stood in the middle of the room as Delia entered it, a red spot on either cheek, and a bit of cardboard in her hand. " Look here, Delia Stephens," said she. "The housekeeper has just brought this to me—a photograph of: L my nephew, Theodore! She says she found it in your room'-!" - Delia turned scarlet, and felt instinctively in her bosom. "I—I must have dropped it," said she, scarce considering her'words. " Then it is yours ?" " Yes,"- faltered.^ Delia. " How came you by it ?" sternly catechised" Mrs St. Volens. He gave it to me." "He? Who? " Mr-Theodore." - Mrs St. Volens' face grew grim and hard:;as adamant. " Yon ire., dis- .chargedj" .said she, . turning, coldly on her heel. .. . A . . • • • 1 :And : Delia,-stunned and ibewildered, Went up to her room to pack. her few belongings, and think what she should do next. \- • Mr Theodore St. Volens . was -con-*, siderably surprised that afternoon, to see -his aunt's maid walk into the down town; office. " Little Delia," cried, he, clapping a pair of eyeglasses. to his .eyes. It isn't possible !•' :.,•.•...•;.:• .y-'/vh''-:.'' >.•'.;;•: •'•'"•' 4 « Yes," said Delia, "it is I. Oh, Mr Theodorp, what am I to do 1 Your aunt has dismissed me 1 " " DisnjisspcLyou ! And why 1' demanded the young man. t' She—she found* your picture in my possession." faltered Delia, beginning to cry. " And a precious fool you must have been to let her find it," said( he^ impatiently, "what else could, you expect, Delia ?" And what am I do now ?" she questioned, piteously. " Do ?" repeated Mr St. Volens. Why, get another situation, to be sure." ' How can I, with no references ? And—" 1 Now, look here," said Theodore, irritably, " all this is no business of mine. I don't see why should you come here, bothering me .'" 1 No business of your6," vaguely repeated Delia. 1 Not at all.'" ' But it was your fault that I lost the place." 1 My fault!" echoed Mr Theodore, with a strident laugh. " My fault, because I just told you what a pretty little thing you are, and Aunt Anastasia got mad with jealousy,and spite Come, that is a little too good." ' But—but—" hesitated Delia, with a deadly chill settling around her heart, didn't you mean anything all the time 7" ; Mean ! No ; what should I mean ? Really, Delia, this is becoming annoying. Now you are crying again ! Oh, confound it all !" • You need not go, Mr St. Volens." said Delia, with what dignity she could command. " I shall rid you of my presence at onee. Excuse me for making such a mistake as to suppose you were an honourable geafleaiaa." Mr St. Volens winced a little under the cutting irony of her words as she walked out of the office, and went to Mademoiselle Ferromiei'e, the milliner. Perhaps," thought I)ejla, ";-she will take me on again. For I can't,,starve." But Mrs St. Volens, as she discovered ,to her.grief, liajd;beant beforehand with her. Mademoiselle Ferromiere rolled up her eyes. ; She was sorry for Miss Stephens— but. really it ws^an improper thing to be making eyes at her mistress's nephew. And she . couldn't - afford to lose, a customer like Madame St. Volens—and, besides,, she. If.ad the characters of her young women to look to, and—" But Delia, who was as innocent of any guilty thought or deed as a white dove, turned away with a shudder. 'Do—do they think I have done anything wrong ?" she asked herself. " Oh ! has it come to this !" Delia went home to the little brown farm-house in the country—but even there a letter from the indignant Mrs St. Volens had preceded her. Her father met her with cold, averted eyes—her mother burst into tears. ' Oh, Delia, to think that you should come home so! And we all thought your fortune was made !" " You're welcome to stay for a night or two, Delia," said Mr Stephens, coldly; but after the way in which yoa have treated your confiding mistress—" " Father," burst out Delia, " what have they been telling you ?" " Facts speak for themselves," said the old man, grimly. In the middle of the night, Delia came to her mother's bedside, looking as white as a ghost. " Dear me, child," said Mrs Stephens, half asleep, " what is the matter ?" " Mother," said Delia, " where is your laudanum bottle ? I've got such a dreadful toothache !" " It's on the clock-shelf," said Mrs Stephens, drowsily. In the morning Delia was found dead among her pillows. Dead and cold. And the shocked parents never knew whether it was an overdose of laudanum or a deliberate act of suicide that opened the gates of another world to their stricken child. However, she was beyond all criticism or carping now, thank Heaven 1 