A GHOST ON A BICYCLE. A group of eyelidta were seated round the fire in the comfortable inn of Pont-y- Prldd, in North Wale?. Their talk were of thrilling experiences on the bicycle, and just as the interest was beginning to flag Tom Bodkin asked whether any of the company bad ever seen a gbost upon a bicycle. Nearly all of them laughed at the idea. " Don't laugh, gentlemen," said Bodkin, quietly, "I saw one! " The thing happened in this way. To begin at the beginning, Dick Naggs and myself were running neck-and-neck for a dear little girl who I shall call Sophie Byles. " Sophie wa3 a tormenting little witch. She flirted with both of ad in a thoroughly impartial way; and, if either of us attempted any of those foolish remonstrances that fellows desperately in love will sometimes venture on in such provoking circumstances, she would only toss her dainty little head, and, elevating her slightly retrousse nose, shrug her shoulders disdainfully, and say,' Please don't speak to me any more, Tom'—or Dick as the case might be. " Now, Dick and I, strange to say, were the best of friends, although we were the best of rivals. We had been chums for several years, lodging in the same ' digs,' and getting on together capitally. " When we discovered we were both hopelessly gone over Sophie we had a long talk over the matter, and the upshot of it •was that we shook hands over a fair agreement to go in for her, each of us, fairly and squarely, and let the beBt man win, neither taking any mean advantage of the other. " Things went on nicely under this working arrangement for about six months. I often met Dick riding back after visiting Sophie at her suburban cottage near Stepacide, and he as often met me, but no oftener, for it was in the bond that such visits should be exactly equal in number. " We always laughed good humoredly at each other when we met thus, chaffed each other about our prospect of success, and went off and had a drink; so yon see we were honorable chams. " For some months we led this sort of lite, and nothing could possibly be lbore satisfactory to either Diet or me—unless either of ns would take ourselves for ever to Jericho, out of the other's way. But as this' was a very remote contingency indeed, we accepted th% situation in a spirit of beatific cheerfulness, and made the best we could of it. " Sophie had only one relative living— bat that was quite a sufficient number. It was her father—and he was a terror. _ " Among the virtues Mr; Byles rejoiced in—and they were too numerous to particularise—was that of rigid honesty. He had never got into debt to the extent of a penny in his life, he used to boast, and he detested the people who did. " The old man seemed to have a sort of impartial liking for both Dick and-me. He didn't object to our paying our addresses to his daughter, but seemed to be trying, like ourselves, to find out which of us she liked the better—perhaps with equal unsucoess. At any rate, he always met us civilly, and chatted to us in his own dry way on such interesting topics as the •weather and the crops, the stock and share markets and the like. "Dick and myself were then m the enjoyment of a modest income each— quite enough for him, for he was not of an extravagant turn j but hardly enough for m^for my tastes were more luxurious. "However, financial matters were not, p Dlok'a cape, w>y more than my own. We would have taken Sophie without a penny—but we knew very well she wouldn't come whenever she made up her mind. " One evening I met Diek riding home from Stepaside, after one of the regulation wits, as I was going ont to take his place. He jumped down off his bicycle, and came over to me in a state of perturbation. " ' Tpm,' he said, 'I'm in great trouble, old fellow. I have to go away for a fortnight. There's a maiden aunt of mine very ill, over in Hamburg, and she wants to see me. I'm to be her heir, you see, and I can't possibly refuse.' "' I don't see why you should, old boy,' I replied; '-neither do I perceive why you should get so dreadfully agitated. You're a lucky dog, so you are—coming in for a fortune.' "' Don't see it 1' he cried opening wide his eyes in sstonishment. > What is Sophie to do in my absence ?' "' Don't trouble your head about that,' I answered. * She'll get along just as usual, I'm sure.' "' But you—you won't surely take any advantage of my absence, Tom ? If I had your promise on that I'd feel quite relieved.' "'Well, that's rather hard, Dick,' I returned. ' I don't see why my arrangements should be affected by your maiden aunt's proceedings. The old lady is not going to make me her heir.' "'But don't you see, Tom, that my absence would be giving you an unfair advantage t You're too honorable a fellow, I know, to avail yourself of it.' "'Look here, Dick,' I said at length, after he had gone on in this strain for awhile, ' I'll go this far to oblige you : l'il not come out here again for a fortnight. If you're back by that time, well and good. If you're not the bargain is at an end.' "' Do you give me your word on that Tom!' he asked brightening up. "'I do,' I returned; 'you may haunt me when you die, if I break it. Now be off.' " We shook bands and parted, and then I informed her of our arrangement agreed upon. She said she didn't mind, as she was going to a lriend in Wicklow for a week. " But I thought she was secretly vexed all the same. "I was discussing my breakfast one morning about a week afterwards, glancing over the newspaper now and then as feasted, when suddenly my eye caught the heading—' Fatal Railway Accident to a Dublin Gentleman.' " I immediately looked at the item, and, to my horror, found tnat it related to my unhappy Mend, Dick. He had jumped oat of a railway carriage when in motion, got jammed between it and the platform, and was killed. " The news upset me a good deal, although I could not help feeling that it cleared the ground for me in one important direction. Still, I was very much attached to poor Dick, and I couldn't bring myself to visit Sophie for a couple of days after I heard the sad tidings, in order to break them to her. " The year was getting fast into the sere and yellow leaf; brown October had brought its short and its (sometimes) lovely moonlight nights; and it was on ene of these—a glorioas one it was—that I started off, with the equally-balanced admixture of grief and hopeful elation at' my heart, for the bower of my Sophie—my own Sophie, as I fondly hoped soon to call her now—to unfold my gruesome tale. " I had got about half-way towards my destination, when it occurred to me that I ought to strike a match and have a quiet puff of the soothing weed, as nothing could be more in keeping with the peaceful quiet of the scene. No soonor thought of than done; and I was in the act of remounting with pipe aglow, when my eye caught sight of another rider coming in the same direction, but at a considerable distance behind, " This circumstance caused me no emotion in particular, and I forgot all about it as J sped on afresh. I slackened my pace to spin out the distance until I had finished my pipp, and was drawing on easily towards Stepaside, when some other instinct or other made me glance backwards down the road again. " The other traveller had gained upon me with amazing celerity. He was now not more than 40 OJ 50 y;rds behind. What a wonderful resemblance he bore at that distance to my dead friend Dick ! His garments looked white in the ghostly moonlight. Dick, when riding all last summer, had worn a suit of white flannel, as the stranger's seemed to be. And it appeared (9 me, X paused, thunder- stricken and trembling, for a moment in my ride, that his form was exactly Ihit of my dead friend. " I was never superstitioas, yet now for an instant a feeling of awe came over me; but, as I wobbled to the ground off my machine, under its influence, I began to enrse myself vigorously for a womanish fool, and, jumping up with the celerity of fully recovered spirits, I set my steel steed off with a lively start, and began to race away from the awesome stranger. " I went at a spanking pace for some time; but I could not help turning my head backwards again soon, to note how far I had left him behind. " Horror of horrors! He was gaining on me still! " He was only a few yards behind. I could not distinguish his face; but the figure and the way in which it sat the machine were the same as Dick's. " Again I spurted madly. Great beads of cold sweat burst out upon my temples, and an icy feeling crept through my frame even to the marrow of my bones, despite the heat into which the exercise bad thrown me. My terror lent me strength. I must get away from this horrible phantom, even though my heart should snap in the effort. I tore along the road now like a maniac. " I was just turning the corner of the rustic lane which led up to Sophie's bower, when my machine came plump against a form eugaged in doing the same from the lane side of the angle. The conscquence was disastrous to bot\i travellers. " Machine and myself threw a double somersault over the body of the pedestrian. When we both regained our feet I thought I should turn into stone when I encountered the Gorgjn-like eye of my intended fatherin-law 1 '"Hangit, man I' he shouted, as soon as he recognised me and found his voice, ' what the dickens are you staring at me for, instead of apologising for nearly killing me? One would think you had seen a ghost!' "'I have seen a ghost, sure enough, sir,' I answered with tremb'ing lips; ' the ghost of my poor dead friend, Dick; and see, there it comeB.' "The white figure had arrived at the corner of the lane, full in the ghastly glare of the dazzling moonlight. It dismounted and advanced towards where we stood, "I held up both my hands to shut out the fearsome sight. "' Don't come near me,' I cried, in an agony of desperation, ' until you tell me whether you are a man or the ghost of my dear friend Dick!' " The thing laughed; it was a horrible human laugh. "' No ghost, sir,' it replied, as its coarse chuckle ceased, 4 but a messenger from a man who has ghosted you long enough in vain for this little bill of £7 10s for clothes, Mr. Tippet, the tailor, of Graftonstreet. Here 'tis for you, 6ir, now; and if you don't pay it by 12 o'clock to-morrow I'm instructed to invite you to an inter view with the Recorder, at Green- street court house." " This was my romance of the wheel. It shattered my day- drtam, and lost me my Sophie. Old Byles turned on me with all ihe scorn of an enraged money lender who never owed a man a penny, and bade me never again show my free at the cottage. " The fickle Sophie ratified this decision, and shortly afterwards married a wealthy pawn-broker who had, a couple of months before, laid his third spouse under the sod in Glasnevin; and I am left here alone with my faithful bicycle I" Husband—" My dear, there's a burglar in the room. I have no revolver." Wife—" Then look daggers at him." " Sir/ said the oculist to a Scottish patient, " I can assure you that if you do not cease to drink whisky you must lose your eyesight." " Ah, weel," was the sorrowful rcj >inder, " then farewell to the licht o' day." The Denver dentist who advertised " Teeth Palle 1 without Pair," refused to pull a tootb for a young man who entered his office the other day, and said it he were hurt he'd slam' bang six bullets into the dentist. He explained that" Without Pain" meant that a man might live through it. Husband—" The doctor says I must take plenty of exercise. I don't know whether to tty Indian clubB or dumb-beilB." Wife—" I wish you would come out with me and wheel the perambulator a little way.' 1 Husband— « Um—no, Maria. I don't want to overdo the thing at first, you know." A wealthy farmer, intending to send bis eon to collt g», recently wrote a letter to the '* head mastpr ol Oxford University," in which he said — 11 Ptease say what your term* are for a year, and will it cost anything extra if my son learns to write a good bn^d and spell proper, «s well as to row a boa; 1'' 