fcppraiGHi.] FernM's Double. Romance of Maoriland, By Atiia Westfoury. CHAPTER IV.-(CONTEHJED). "While the fiddles are being tuned, and the players are preparing for honest Philip Massinger's masterpiece, let me take np the wand of Hermes and put back old Father Time by six years. The world was younger and brighter for Victorine Hargrave, then-only a strip of a girl, just over her eighteenth birth ? day, a birthday at which there had been an innocent drinking of tea at Major Hargrare's cottage, on the cliff orerlook" ing the Waitamata. Major Hargrave is a widower,and as poor as Job. He is a man 'who has seen much life. He has fought for Don Carlos, and derives his military title from his service in Spain. Paris, Madrid, and London have in turn been his home. He has speut some portion of his days in South America, and is not. unremembered in Mexico. But at sixty-seven he has had enough of a nomad existence. It is pleasant to remember his wander ngs and relate :his adventures whilejhe reposes at ease by his hearth pleasanter still to have his clever, bright, graceful daughter to minister to his wants, and who makes a sovereign go %s far as two dispensed by sL,duller housekeeper. His cottage, at Parnell^ is the pink' of neatness; very small, but seeming- so much the snugger for its smallness, daintily furnished with the relics of larger and more splendid abodes, picked up as occasion served. Victorine is one of those active spirits whos rise early. She gives her morniugs to household duties, and flits about light of foot,' with gloved hands, and broad linen apron. The major, although a soldier of for tune, has ever been an honest man. It is his boast chat he has lived amongst spendthrifts and soc:al Bohemians, and yefc mid his way ; that no tailor remem bers him with a pang; that no time-yel lowed page in a fashionable bootmaker's ledger records his dishonor. In his retirement he amuses himself with literature, and though this pastime widens his narrow income, he has more pride in his achievements than in the re muneration. The daughter is not so well satisfied with her surroundings. She has lived in this seaboard of yLuckland for more than ten years, but she has dim recollections of London and Paris, which come and go in her memory like a dream in the "Arabian Nights." To be rich and powerful, that is the acme of her ambition. She asks her father wonderingly, *' How he can exist in this dull antipodes after his experience of brighter worlds." The girl knows that with even less op portunities, she is more accomplished than most of her wealthy neighbors. Sings better, plays more brilliantly, has & more general capacity for learning new things, a greater deftness of finger, superior taste in dress, and more skill in making much out of little. Her father is foolishly fond, proudly indulgent, praises Victorioe's pretty looks, her sweet voice, graceful winning ways, her cleverness, and general good management. She lives in an atmosphere of praise ; rises every morning to be ad mired ; lies down at night pleased with her own beauty and sweetness. The Lyndhursts are the major's nearest and dearest friends. Mother and son are as fond of Victorine as if she were their ? own flesh and blood. Often in the sum mer gloaming girl and boy have climbed the cliff, above the noble bay, and here have watched the ships glide to and fro, like grim ghosts in the fading twilight. Major Hargrave is at his be3t as a dramatic critic. Shakespeare is a whole library to him. He has so embued his daughter with a love of the great drama tist, that the girl has a veritable passion for the art. She knows every word of Juliet, Qneen Katherine, Rosaline, Lady Macbeth, Cordelia and Beatrice. Under the major's tuition Victorine has.grown into a superb elocutionist. By the winter's fire, while her father smoked, his pipe, she has spouted the whole Shake speriau round. He teaches her how the most famous actress of his day used to pause here, or linger foudly on a word there, or rise at such a point to indignant passion. He remembers the great Siddons, how her awful whisper went through the gloom of the theatre, as if mocking the evil spirits. And Victorine hangs on his words with delight, and asks him again and again to describe the wondrous art. | Alton Lyndhurst is three years Vic-] tonne's senior, and is fighting an uphill fight for a place in the world of letters. What little time he r can spare from his <rork is devoted , to -Major Hargrave'g daughter, for the poor penniless scribe almost worships her. v It is-the ohe gleam of sunshine on his drudging life to "read Shakespeare with her, or to play Borneo to her Juliet. There is just enough in her unlikeneos to all other women to ? sateh the fancy of the dreaming en thusiast, who is as deeply smitten with the only true, absorbing, unchanging, eternal passion as a young man of twenty two can be. So on that high cliff, perched on the .sea wall, Alton tells Major Hargrave's daughter his love. Alas! for the unfortunate scribe. With shapely hands resting on his Bhouider, eyes looking into his, words coming swiftly, and with sobs borne along the eloquent voice, she tells him, that if she could love anyone it would be Alton. -If she could forget her terrible struggles with grim want, and resign her hope of unbounded wealth and station, it would be for Alton. But it had been the dream e£ her life to become rich and powerfal; to emerge out of the slough of despond, poverty into the clearer light that is born of affluence. 772 Alton Lyndhurst goes back again to Mb work, shuts himself up with his book?, and strives only as* earnest men strive when love dies and ambition is born. Before the year is out Yictorine Har grave is married. . ° Ami4 the fever of' Parliamentary de bate, and the strong opinions quickening into life, and which had begun to agitate even those remote colonist^ Alton I/jnd hurst found vent for his sorrow. If at first his faith and belief in the purity and i goodness of woman had been overthrown I like some rickety temple of frailest I masonry, he had emerged again from his ?wanderings to the light of former guiding I starg. Work had saved him; hard, stern, I unflinching work. The very effort to forget his mad folly and presumption, had brought forth a latent power, till then slumbering, and the result was fame. Victorine Hargrave had the gratifica tion of her darling wish satisfied, inas much as she wedded one of the largest land owners in the colony. In the ab sence of good looks, youth, and that necessary culture Which lend ideal charms to love, her husband had abundance^ of money. Money, that we poor dreaming rogues .rail against so bitterly. The fetish whom we all adore, rail as we may. Ah, me. If Mrs. Victorine Gayland was not thoroughly satisfied and happy in her married life, it was, perchance, because she was a woman, and not the fault of her lord anil master, who gratified every whim, every desire of her heart, so far as ready cash could accomplish it. Mrs. Victorine Gayland went to Eng land, and was absent but, two years,, when she returned to New Zealand a widow. Young, beautiful, accomplished and wealthy, Victorine Gayland became the fashion and the rage amongst the upper- ten, who neither toil nor spin. The wives ot the squatters and bankers who had hitherto shrugged their fair shoulders at Major Hargrave's penniless daughter, were delighted with the brilliant, cap tivating, rich young widow. Those who had passed her coldly by heretofore were glad at a nod of recognition from the queen, whose word was final. She has thought of Alton Lyndhurst be times in those two years of her married [ life. Comparisons have jarred upon the sensitive cords of her nature when she | has pitted him in imagination against this [ money-getter who calls, her wife. She 1 has thought of him very often in her ' solitary widowhood, wonde-ing why he does not come; thinking him unkind and cruel for withholding his notice and his praise, now that all the world notices and praises her. She is amongst the first to read that book which lifts his name at one bound into notoriety. Oh, how every page preaches to her of the days that are gone, of those unforgotten days, when he was hers, lying at her teetin the late autumn twilights, with the broad full moon shining upon the sea. He has laid his own heart upon the dissecting table, anatomised its every pulse. She knows now how utterly that heart was hers; how torn and ?wounded by her desertion. She comes face to face with him once more in those vivid pages, and the very breath of that love day comes back to her. She reads, and the smouldering love flames up with a brighter, stronger tire, and she knows that she'loves Altou Lyndhuret better, purer, than of old, and must so love him to the end of life. One day at a garden party, tfiven by the popular member for West Auckland, Alton and Victorine meet again. The belle of fashion and the rising author are both changed; both are accomplished in the polite art of self-repression. She greets him with graceful tranquility, he with gracious candour. They talk of the old cottaae by the sea waUs of the dear dead father. From that time the idol of fashion and the popular author are friends, but there iB no word of love be tween them. Tcnipus. omnia vcvdat. Cast thy magic wand aside, O, Hermes. Xiift the curtain again on the group gathered round Alton Lyndhurst. The theme is still men and books. Colonel de Roal is one of the latter ' party. Watch him as he sits with quiflt I mien listening to the talker. There is i one huge sneer stamped from brow to ' chin, but it is so subtle and refined tli.it it | appears like a benign smile upon 1 i* face. "I often wonder," remarks Fenton Grey, a noted musician, who haseome down to spend the winter at the Rock, "I often wonder that among so many books written for this age. there are so few that seem calculated to make people better." ,4My dear sir- goodness, from an {esthetic point of view, is the reverse of interesting," rejoins the colonel, blandly. «'Yet, Gold-mith has ventured to depict characters that are almost fauLless," an swers Lyndhurst. The colon'elalirugs his shoulders. " True," he aays; "but Goldsmith was a liumorist, and could afford, to paint virtue. Humor removes the insipidity of benevolence with his berets. Faust is not good, and lago is sihiply execrable ; but. where can you match these for in terest." Alton Lyndhurst looks w ith more at tention at the speaker than he has done hitherto. " Then you denv that there can be any interest in the kind of reading « hich may ttnd to raise the whole tone of one's i being f" he asks. " For my part J love Tennyson. Onecanno;- read him without feeling better and braver." "Nay, virtu* is so simple a ma'ter, that it affords few opportunities for art, responds de Roal. in the same quiet tone. "Vice and crime are many-sided, and offer infinite scope for the literary =>"ato mist. One Cleopatra, raiirhty and fallen, is worth all the eld peifection of your modern heroine." Ti.e stage bell rings as Alton is about to replv, and that puts an end to *11 further controversy. Thus- who to take part m the performance haste away lo dress, and ttie fiddles bsgin to tune for the over ture. a " The most difficult part has fallen upon the mantle of the colonel; but fcir Giles Overeach" fits bin ST if be Ini made it a life-ljng study. Lady Allworth finds a worthy representative in Mrs. Victorine Gayland. The rich widow is an artist of the first order, as well as a woman of fashion. Nine o'clock p.m.-Settle yourselves comfortably in your seats. "A New Way to Play Old D.;bts." A play by Philip Massinger, written two hundred and twenty years ago. Such a piece is just the thing for a drawing-room like this one. And the costumes, so far as the ladies are con cerned, are simply perfect. Up with the curtain. A room in Lady Allworth's house. Boudoirs, blue and gold, brocade and satin wood. The walls are painted white, carved garlands of J flowers and fruit adorn the panelling. Old Venetian mirrors, reflecting dark blue delf and rare old porcelain. Grim Fernbrook has be<*n ransacked to , furnish this scene. > 1 Ten o'clock.-The applause is loud and long. . Hilton Fernbrook, who has been lourging about moody and silent, goes behind the scenes. " Ah, moil cJier, how are you ?" cries the colonel. .' Accept my congratulations." replies the young man, with just the faintest touch of sarcasm in his voice. " You are winning golden opinions, sir." Colonel de Roal leads him aside. "My San. If some great enthusiast could suddenly spring up in our *nidt>t, and raise the roof3 off these people's brains, as Astnodeus lifted the roofs of the buildings in the city of Madrid, what strange things we should find this pleased and happy assembly pondering." Close by the wing opposite, stand Mrs. Gayland and Alton Lyndhurst. *' This night will rnnke you famous," he whispers. She lifts her eyes to his for a moment, then replies thoughtfully : " It one did not seek to win fame t here would be no such thing as greatness." "The most lasting fame has been won ? by goodness rather than talent," he an swers, coldly, and moves away. The close of the entertainment is very brilliant, and merges at length into a ball, when polkas and country dances usher in the grey dawn of day. 