AUSTRALIAN ANNIVERSARY REGATTA Umpire Mr. G. Trouton. Judgo Sir, J. Dili cr. Hnudicnppera MY-. W. GrifliMi, Mr W. ritzhoñrv, Mr J. Dw>er. ¡starter Mr. W. riühoiiry. Timö koopcr Mr. W. Harding. Protest committoo Mussra. Mnik Toy, IV II. Paco), J. Outer, W. GiiJlitlis, G. Trouton. Geuonil committoo Messrs. IV. Griihths, J. Dwjor, M Bajley, Jim , .T. Carter, T. Carleton, H Jones, W. Dingvv all, G. Canins, G. Foster, I\ Donovan, Clias Wobb, J. G-innoti, C. Collins, H. Ellis, G. C. Molnlle, O Taylor, Mark Foy, Ooorgo Ellis Hon. sec. Mr. A. Iironc. Hon. ticas. Mr. J. Machín Iho promoters of tlio Austialian Anniversary Ko- lpitta say that thev aro quito satisfied with tho losult of their experiment lu holding a rogatta which should ho earned out independent!} of tho committee who diroLt tlio affairs of tlio National Rcgntti, and o\ press it as their intention to repeat tlio experiment liCTt vear Tho "Australian" ovont aroso out of tho dotoiimnation of tho National Committoo to ex cludo from thoir sailing races boats hav lug such, largo distinctive badges that thoy hive become known as tlio coloured- sails boats. Theso badges ombraco cr03conts, Maltese crosses, discs, diamonds, and various other devices, and it is claimed in respect of thom that thoy euoblo spectators to icadily toll the name of tho leading 01 any other boat. Tho aachts canying theso distinct» e badges are known as tho Sjdnoy Filing fcquadion Club, and number m all 57. Thoy had the co-opera- tion of 20 outsiders, who brought tho total nuniboi of entries up to 8,5. Patrous had tho choice of two piucos fiom which to view tlio aanous cvonls Clark Island and tho steamship Cintra, «Inch was anchored off Double Bil), Iho Cintra wat, gaily docorated with Hugs, and was moreover in splondid ordor, so that sho admirably answ ered the purposo to w Inch sho was put. A fleet ot small bteaners was kept plying throughout tho day bctwoeu Circular Qua), the îslaud, and the flag- ship, and con\c)ed about ¿000 spectators to ino island and 800 to tho flagship Tlio committoo was indefatigable in lookiug after the comfort of its patroii3. So far as tho races were concerned, thoy wero well contested, and were remarkable for tlio number of capsizes with which thoy wero attended. Something Uko oight or teu boat« encojutciod tho full forco ot the fresh nor'-easter which prevailed, and being unablo to resist its strength w out down In rescui ig the crews of tlio overturned hontj capital service was rendered by Captain Matt Byrnes with tho steam« Fawn, which biought to land no fewer than three crows, as well as by tho water police steam launch, which went to tho assistance of othor crow s who had been unfortunate Tho luncheon, which was held on tho Cintra, was attended by tbo Ma) or (Alderman AV. V. Manning), and Mr J. P. Garvan, M L A. In connection w ith this gathering a silver tantalus liquoi stand was presented to Captain Hampton on behalf of tho committee of tho Australian Anniversary Uo gatta lu making the presentation Mr. G C. Mohillo expiosscd tho grutitiido of tho coni inittco of tlio A. TJ. ¡3. N. Company for granting tlio use of the stcanici as a flagship, and to tho captain, his officers, and crew for tho oxcollout order in vv Inch o\ erything vv as found-a circumstance all the moro remarkable! when it w as remembered that tlio steamer only callie into poit at 8 o'clock on Mon- day ov oniug As a token of thoir appreciation of Ins sen ices, tho committee, Mr. Melville added, desired Captain Hampton to accept tho silver liquor stand w Inch he handed to lum. Captain Hampton saul ho was extremely thankful to tho committee for tho Eresenf, and pleased to hear the praiso windi had eon bestow ed upon tho ship. What had been spoken of bo apprici itivoly w as not w holly due to him, but to thoso w ho hud so rcadil) carried out his instruc- tions. The "Hoallh of Captain Hampton " having been druitk, tho company soparatod Tho details of tho Mirions eveutä aro subjoined - Young Vustnilian Handicai), diugics, 8ft, beat and beat, handicapped -Uoun>o Horn lino between starter's bout ami flagship, round 1 ort Denison back to flagship, ltuisbing between flagship and Clink Inland ln-st pn/c, 15, second, £2 Otu Bovs (L Bell), «cratch, 1, Ma_t_,lo (f Lilis), ¡ minute, 2 , Vito (It Gillios), j minute, I Other staitcrs Wbakicto (W M Gaulcvj, 1 minute, "Victor (D M'Glurc), 1 minuto, Wllho (T ltcid) i inmute, Sophia (li Simmons), 2 minuto, Poailio (IT Webb), J minute, l-lsio (T blvnov), £ minute Our Dova graduait) over- hauled tho others, and after a splendid tutislo with tlio Massie and Vite won bj three lmglhs, a length sejuniting sccoud from third lins is tho fuuitU lim m suci easton tor the Oin Boj s "W urotah Dmn') Stake" - Dingles 1-ïft, best and best Cours" 1 nun line between starters boat and flagship, lound lint Doaisin, round Shaik Island, outside Pile Light and btiovs, and buck to flagship, finulling between ilugshiji lind Clark lalnnd 1 irst pn/e, £'l, second, ii th ni, £ J l>i_,inu(l t ulcbnuk), 1, Acmo (A Di-alic), 2 llios Pune h (O Holme*), ) Other (.tinten l'culo (1 Loich),Molet (Glin-, Webb) Lila (J r Bob noon), J'ortuu i (Gua.) Webb), htna (V Mould), Our liri (G 1 M Goiivillc), Old loin (G Jillillia), Danlo Ci Hellings, Vent (1 G lack), Idul a (W I/sjg-i't) Ihos Punch crossod tho lmc first, followed closel) bv l'eai c Allenincil .allnon jibs to lort Delation, w ho-u ltogiuu too'c tho lead, and, maintaining it to tho finish, vi on ii 1 minutoand fi seconds Acme finished half a minute ahead ot lhos l'uneh, wlueh was c'osely followed b) Violet, Ula, lind E'ua Our Boj capsized oil the sjuthciu end of Shark Inland whilst jibing lort Donison Hand cap-Dinkies, Jolt., best nnd best, handicapped luuito li omi mu between starter's boat awi flagship, lound Toit Damson, biek round flagship i lund lou Denison, ind baek tj duthil», linishing between flag- ship and Ginll: Islind lnsl jit/e, iii, sceon 1, * i , tlnnl ¿1 \ coom (i Pontcv), J minute, l, Ma-stulia (C Pallion), I inmute, 2, Areta (.AA York), 1 minute, 1 Othor auirtcis lumbov (W Goddard), _ minute, luc7 (G II Hughes), _ minuto ledori (A .U't. utcicon,, | minute , Violet ( Ï Lan^fold), \ minute , Mona (T Lilla), i-ciuteii, Young J.thcl (\V T Oolmes), «nateli ltlieinnd Auroni wero euteieil, hut eapsi¿c 1 near the s'artei s boat a lew luinutf-opuor to thcitart 'lile "Massdia led ovei nevlj tlnee-fuuit'is ut tlio course, when sho was overtaken bj tlio Vononi, wlith eveii*uallv won b half a minute Areta waa eh/so up thud, with .liena io nth Gil inipion limj) Ii ice, dinkies ICit Courso I>om line bo*ween fctutci* boat anl flagship round lort Denison rounl Slunk XhI mil, oute do Pile Light and buojs, iindbnckto lla_fship lint pn/e, £15, second, £J Our O in (I Golcbwok),l, \ lolet (D JJo>d),2,Oai Hors (G Holmes), J Otlm btartcri Sjji'iio _V Leach). Lisio (T T Itubmson) Our lurla aud > ii='i lund collided at tho starting-post and capsize 1, tlio .Siphio onh estjiping n snniliu fato throujii the c\C"llent judgment ot her skippci, r loaeh Llsiowas «lrnt uwii), lullowed bj Violet, Our Boj ii, LIui O m and Sojih e, m tho ord r ni ned Balloon jil)» wcie eirried U) lort Denisrn, whero t'lo positioiu» were eli inj,e 1 eligutlj, Our On n nicuptn^ hccjnd position and OiuBo^slouit . Near Jil idloj s Oui Own closed limo and led oin fie icmnndci ot ttio eoui-so, winning very com fuiliibly li> 1 minute lo seconds Violet was skilfully jidutod ,nto se-con 1 position b\ W Bead Au/tl-alu n Aniuver-W) Bind eap -All boats, 22ft to 2/>ft ,bcst and best,handleipped Course Prombncbotwcpn htntéi s boat and flagship, lound loit Denison, round li(ïhtsti p aaiSjuanl ¿'."'s, rounl blink Island raund ilajsh p and round bhark Island, back to flii" kIuji, llnishing between fiajsliiji and Clark Isliind Tirst pn/e, £-8, ncond, £lu, third, 15, and champion gild medal to captain of winning boat, bj Messrs Dahm and Go Ghost, 21ft (A Thom is), ß minutes,!, Volunteer, Jlft (J 1 Itabmson),ä mnuto, 2, Mantura, 24ft (diaries Vi ebb), bei-aich, 3 Othei starters Boondie, J4ft (B Banks), 5 minutes , Kennan )uk, 2Gft (M loj), 5 minutes, ^el?^ JJft» (I Yarrow) 4 minutes, Marvel, JJft (W rit/henn), 4 minutes, Latona, 22ft (Chris Webb), 3 minutes, Lilian, -Jit (T Leach), 3 minutes, Lavinia, Jltt (A Welch), 1 minutes Our Own, Jut ("5 Hellings), I minutai, Our'lorn, Jlft (W Stannard), ¿i minutes, Un/elle, JJft (C P M'GonvlUo), V¡ minutes, Cruigalce, Jilt. (II Poulton), 11 minute Iiegma, Jlft. (O Jt Barrett), 1 minute Susie, 2Jft (II Pcane), J minute Kangaiop, Jlft (H Langfoid), scratch, and Jntirpr'so, 2Jfi (G Holme', jun ), Hcmteli Thu, the prlneipal rice, was staited at 11 minutes past 1), Ghost and Kunnanook going off together Both appeared to bold theil own from rho others until off Bradley'«, when tho G-hoet sailed awav from tlio Knnnnuook, which was qiuokly ' bcinj overhauled by tho others Between Brad . lej's and the lightship Volunteer worked mío third position, while Manlura and Susio gained considemblj on the others the last of which being the Boondie Ghost led bj Jfi Beconds from tlio Kannanook round the lightship follow od bv Volunteer, Our lorn, Muntum, Latonn, and Susie, in tho order namod Squarcsails wero carried to Shark Island on tbti Volunteer, Muntum, Latona, and sei dal of tho rear boats, winch wero hopclesslj beaten Kannnnook di-opped out of tho meo near tlio Sow and Pig», winji gave Vobinteci second position 'Ihe first time round tho flarilnp Ohost Iel b> tlirco lengths from the Volunteer, followed in order b> Manton, Our Tom, Susio, Latona, Lnteirnso, and Cnngalcc All stood oira towards llmdloj 's from tho flagship, wiicn Volunteer passed tho Ghost and appeared to havo tho raco won In going about sho shipped a quantitj of water, which impeded her pro- gress so much that when tho water was pumped tho Ghost had a load of a minute, which sho eventually won by After a very exciting raco After the placed boats carno the Susie, Latona, and Omigal*. " Tho Port Jackson Handicap, dingles 18ft and loft Courso From lino between stnrtor's boat and flagship, lound Tort Denison, round lightship and Sow and Pigs, round Shark Mund, on 1 back to flags'iip, finishing between flagship lind C1 nk Wand rin,l pure, £lo, scLond,£J - Bdith (I' Colcbiook), 1 minute, 1, Cvgnct (T Colebrook, jun ), 1 j minute, J Other starters The Gift (I* Hopkin- son), 4 minutes , Genesta (W Duncan), 1 minutos, O K (r Dempstor), 1} minute, Pandora (G Itobiiwon), Fcmtch. Edith went to tho flout thrrtl after the start and won icrv easilj 'the Gift lllloJ to leeward of Brodie)'a, and retned from the race, »hilo Genesta also gave up Cintra ICnndkap, all boat«, 20ft, best and best, lianBicappod Courso riom lino between starters boat and flagship, round Fort Denison, round lightship and Sow and Tigs, lound Siinrk Island, round flagship, round Shark Island, and back to flagship, finishing between flag- ship and Claik jHland. Firatprfze, £20, second, 17 , thud, £3-Gtaw Darlinif (D. ¿* Hsoscn), 8 miaute«, 1, Victor (G Dolmen «.en ), ncriMi, 2 , llettini (W "WiUevO* 1 minutes J Oilier f-tort^is Dil pinn fit limits) 7 i limites "Mar tarni (C ln\\) Ri 1 limiten, Pomma (T 1 nth) ï minute* Neious (\\\ 1 cull 1 uimut (ji ico D uîuiï soi 11 oMrlmiiltl Dolphin ami "Ni ni Un 1 nul Itei mï tin l**ii throughout, moi cm 11 til Ij In a mmuio fr im Vícf r, winch lhml el i sumí u distance from líettin 1 íti cus waa tjútíh _ 