A COURT MASQUERADE IN RUSSIA. By tub Author of the " IIai.tic Letters " in " Longman's Magazine." Tho Emperor Nicholas's mania for masquer ades is cxtondod, nolens ro/ens, to his chief offi cers—old and young, grave nnd gay, nil have 'to dnnee to tho same tunc, I soon recognised a poor man in gorgeous uniform whom I knew to be sinking under the weight of a dnmcolic afflic tion whioh was tho talk of Potorsbnrg. lie had lost, by Hcarlct favor, fivo children out of six. He looked liko r ghost (a ghost under tho light of 75 enormous ohandeliers), but did not venture to be absent I went to him aud took hi arm. This, my firat initiation into tho raystcrios of , "intriguing," was out of rule. And yet not quite so ; for it will readily bo believed that though most people enter these walls with light hearts and lighter purposes, yot that some aro tbcrc . ou anxious errands. It is so needful to let the Czar or his chief functionaries know foots which cannot other wise be convoyed to them, that this disguiso is assumed to pload either the innoccuco or the ex tenuating oircumstancos of somo loved aud long imprisoned one, and is known to have boon so dono with sucocbs. Happily poor liaron S— «'s sorrow. could be assuaged by no earthly detipct. Ho looked mournfully at me, and only said, 44 Voub mo faites trop d'honncur, mndame ; vouu mo trouvoroz un true Iriato compngnon." At all events ho found me a sympathising one, for I ventured to speak from my heart's abundance, aud after a fow earnost words we pnrtod with a warm shako of the hand. Ho ought to hove re cognised mc, for wo had mot before, hut tho sad preoccupation of Mr thought interposed a moro effective barrier than even my mask. How niy good Russian frionds would bnvo quizzed me for going to a mnsqaerado to consolo a poor man for the loss of his children ; so I kept that episode to mvRolf. I now caught sight of my kind host, Count B , and knowing that ho inspired almost as muoh awo as his Imperial master, I took bis arm uk a harbor of refugo. 44 1 know you," he said. 44 Madame do S io in that division," pointing to a dense orowd at one of the doois. 44 Keep aloof from her. Have yon intriyui tho I Emperor?" 4 'No, indeed not, I should ho frightened to death." "No need for that, ehlrc dame, you will find him an gcutle as a lamb. And he likes tall women, although he has not a regiment of them, like Frederick the Great." 44 But Madame de S — hao attacked him already. I saw her oo liis arm." "All the more fun," he said, 44 yon will mistify him tho better. Promise me." I gave no promise. The fr.vorito vanity of Rusoiano, that of speaking foreign languages, oomos into play, of course, nt a masked hall as a means of discovering Mm nationality, and alho to a certain dugree tho social position of tho nioflk. I wont through a regular catechinm on that point moro than once. 44 3Jar exemplo, madame, vous parb;z Jefrawpiin asnczbion." 44 Ausri bieu que volts, monsieur." — 4 Ah ! la petite impcrtineutc! Mais guvaritc li pa rmiski?" (pnvlez-voua le russe?) 44Narne- noschko " (slightly). — 44 Und sprochon fejie Dcutsohe aueh ?" 44 Ja wohl, und besser vie Sic." — "Knoore la petite inmertmonte. Et ritalien?" 44 Si, ma poco."— 4 Eb possiblemcnt 1'Eapaguol?" "No mucho." — 44 Ah! vous fites | uno viaie polyglote. hlniw 1'Anglais?" 44 A leelle." — 44 On voil quo vouu n'cltefl pas fort dans 1' Anglais. Tnnfc micux pour vous. mndatno! fc-oyez contente; o'esfc le pouplo in pin detest able au monde." This would have beon too much for a saint. So I broke out: 4 ' No, sir, I beg your pardon; tbc best, the noblest, the wisest, tho jrecst— you know what I innn — Uio ft cat in tho world." My adversary stood Hpoecli- IcHy with ostoninhmont, nnd a riight murrner, not of disapprobation, arose from tho orowd col lected round us a I turned away. Doubtk-ua some spy — for these gentry arc known to frequent masquerades, aud to apeak ail languages — made a noto for future use of a tall woman in a blaok domino, and v/ith a small foot, who endeavored to incite the lieges aguiiist tho Government. This is a specimen of the bitiscs which pass for wit. Many initiates had not elapsed before I was cross-questioned again, ami ontn nltuetea to diaov/ii my native touguo. When a' grave looking gentleman who stood by said : Madame, I will tell yon one thing ; you may protend not to Bpenk English, but, ccpendant, you are an Englishwoman, or le diabU . You have betrayed yourself by your 4 Oh non ! Oh oui I " Only the English uae the Intersection 4 oh' to every thing. 4 Oh! how nice' 4 Oh I how pretty!' I have unmasked you here." I could only ejacu late, asl was bound to do, "Oh, yes!" "Wo both laughed heartily, which immediately attracted a crowd, glad of any crumbs of amusement in this dullest of all plncos ; and whtlo he related the story I made off, followed by vociferous repetitions of 44 Oh, yea!" 41 Oh, no!" 44 Oh, how nice 1" Just at thia moment I encountered my double in the orowd, and imme diately effoeed myself by sinking on a seat ; while riie stalked on, audi saw my grave gentle man accent and hammer away at her in English, of which she did not undorut&nd; ono word. 