A BAD CASE OF TELEPATHY. It was, I need hardly say, a great shock to me when I saw my cousin Ocorgc'e ghost. Goorge aud I bad been very good friends, thouzb we may have bad our little differ ences ; and I Was no lees grieved iliau, to bo qnite candid, terrified when George,, who bad -boen to New Zealand to, look after oar proporty tboro and was on his way home, appeared by my bedside, dripping wet, his pallid Hps seem ing to mutter inaudible words. Iu fact, 1 was so startled that 1 jumped a'p in bed, and . as I sleep in an attic, struck my head against a beam and inflicted a cut from which tbo blood flowed freely. By the time 1 had stannehod it with my eider-down quilt George was gone. Yes, i was shocked. But, as poor George had fallon overboard and met a watery doith, i was at last iu a position to carry out my views as to the disposal of tho two estates, to which, under Undo Nicholas's will, ' George and i were ontitlcd to as joint tenants. I had always 'wished to sell tho English estate and keep the Now Zealand ono. George, who hau very little business faculty, advocated selling tho .New, Zealsnd one and retaining tlio English .in ourowtt hands : and neither of us would consent to a partition so long as tho other refused to bo in some dugrcu reasonable in his views. Now, by ouo o! tiioso strange decrees ut which it does not bocoine us to cavil, poor Gcorao was beyond coring for or interfering in such mattcrs-snd i, as tho liberty to deal with ie in tho most prudcut way. Next morning i plastered up my head, pat on a black necktie out of respect to Ccorgc. and went oiT to thy solicitor's. i told liiin of poor George's death, adding that legal evi dence would follow us soon as tfio ship touched at a port, and gave him instructions to find a purchaser as soon as possible for tho English load. Of course i did not trouble him with tha details of George's np- Krition : lawyers think they show sagacity tlio most uarrow-ininded incredulity. .1 soon fonnd a purchaser,- aud a few woeks passed whilo l was screwing him up to my price. i had no news of Gooruo yet ; but 1 was not much surprised at that, as tbo poor follow had vory probably left no add reus, and therefore tidings might nut reach mo till tlio ship herself arrived. At last ono morning i read in my paper that she had arrived ; at the satim time a letter from my purchaser readied me, accepting the price i had asked. i determined to close, and went down to put my hat on aud go to the lawyer's. At this moment tbo door.boll rang. Being in the ball, i opened the door myself. i staggered back iu fright, holding my hand over my eyes ; for before mo stood Goorcc— himaelf or his phantom. " Lcavo mo, Icavo me 1" i cried. " Rest less spirit, what ails thee v' to my great surprise, the form— or, i may ns well say, George— also staggered back, with his hands beforo his eyes, exclaiming in ngimtcd tunais, " 1'ujicc, peace, poor ghost ! Cuust thou not rest?" To do Guorgo justice, he has nevor been given to buffoonery in lifo ; and i was euro ho would not descend to it after death, alilioiieh the spirits of some people, who ought lobe above It, seem todoso. Beckon- iug to Gc.irgu, i entered tlio diuiugroom : we would havo an explanation. Gcorgo followed. 11 Ones in a way," i began, " at night, i do not ob)Qct to your coming. It u in convenient, but Iputup with it. ' But in broad daylight, on tho door step— really, it's inconsiderate."' Gcorg'o looked at mo with a puzzled air. Then iia walked towards tho bell ropo anil said, as tohimsolf, '111 send for a parson anil lay him." ilo was not at all wet, ami looked very substantial. i do not quite understand. "George," said i, ' i snpposo there Is no mislako. You are nothing but n ghost ?" "If you coinu to that, what aro you!" asked George angrily. " i'ray bo qalm," i aiitworcd. " You appeared to mo by night, dripping wot, ou tho 9th of November Inst." "i appeared to you! Nonsense i You appeared to me, you mean." " Do bo serious, Goorga. For a person in yotir—cr position tbis levity " " You did, man. with blool streaming from your hood. i remember the beam and my woundud head." "Do you mean to sav you're not dead," asked George with less joy than he miglit haw shown. " i was novcr bettor in my lifo," i answered coldly. " Then, what the deaco do you mean by haunting mo with blooil ull over you !" " What do you mean, George, by haunt ing mo with water dripping from you ? ' rrove ;i i muu ueorgo, uenantiv. 1 motioned him to a scut und related what had happened, " Of course," i concluded, " if you houustly uteuro mo thut you are alivo - ' Alive ! of cmtrso i'm alive. i— by Jove, i got it ! 'That ulght a young foul on hoard stretched a utrnig aurosa my chbiudoor, und Tripped and full through tho port- holo ? " "Porthole! Bless the man, no. i fell ship iuto. my bath ; denccd hot the water wns. too. . Aud it was just as i was swear ing"- — " Yes ; you appeared to bo swearing." " That you chose to come and hnuut me, looking liko ' a stuck pig. If you're not dead. Kindly account for that." "It's all your fault. ymi frightened me so that i knocked my head against the ceiling und cut if." "Honor bright !" v.i give you my word." .'It's u little awkward," oaid George, rubbing his hands, bocituse yrm too, old fellow, relying on your intcliiguicu, the first port wo came to i wired to nuw Zealand telling the agent to sell tlio citato, i thought you w'ouMnlrV antler tlio circutiuUtnccs, you know,' feel hurt at Tny acting on my own responsibility." " You've been idiot enoupb 1" . " Well, l.alwoys told you the English one was the ono to keep." " i've sold that," i said- grimly. " If you behave as if you woro deuu, a business man will treat you as dead." " i was uo worse than you wore." " It'o quito clcar thut you begau it," said i. " i was merely syinpathetic." "i never meant to do It at all, "declared Georuo. i rose ond took him by the hand. . Wo havo boon tho victims ota deception, George. Rccrimiuatioue are of no use. . What Is to bo done!" " Somobotly ought to bo run Id," said Gcorgo. 'i If," i said, " ouo is to bo at tho mcfoy of irresponsible apparitions, business cauuot bo carried on." "Aud thoro is un ond of frco iuititutloos," said Oeorgo. Wo put on our hats and wont to call on the secretary of tho Fsycholetio 8ooiety, Wo wanted to'kuow what ' ho had to say for himself.' 41 a most Interesting case 1" he exclaimed joyfully—" a most interesting case "Forlmps," said 1 "but will you favor us with the name of a solicitor who will au- cept service ou our behalf!" " Why, if we loso over having to break off the negotiations for sale, wo shall look to your sooloty for. a remedy. You die- saminato broadcast lituraturo of thia descrip tion and tlion disclaim responsibility for what liappeos." v It isn't common honesty," said George. . . " i admit no liability," said tho secretary firmly. " You murt loam to coutrol your owu phantesmata." wd took our hats. He looked at ui in a curious way. "Quo moment, gontlemun," he said. " Although refusing to roooguiio any legal liability yet i think i may say thut the society would bo prepared to do tho liandsomo thiog If — ii VTell 1" wo exclaimed eagerly. 44 If you would bo. so Bind as to hand over to us tho . letters you each of you no doubt wrote given au account . of your struugo experience." . ".With pl«urare,"aaid i, sitting down end taking a pom , 'Pardon me— a . contemporaneous doeu- ment is what I tneab.", ; . ' 14 1 didn't wrlto to him, - 1 thought he was dead;" . ,l And you dldh't write either, sir?" he askod Qnorgo. . ' «» . 44 What do you Uke me for !" said George, who was still stiupyod. , ,4« Then there ' are 1 no contomporaueous doouinents!" : 44 None," worepliwl. ha bid Ills fieein his hands, and Mid In a broken voire/4 There . novsr are! Thoro nevor aro 1 . It'O too hard I" He seemed so overcome that .George and I, being tender-hearted men trlsd to eon-', sole htm by , promising to tajie no pro ceeding to onfniee: our claim. Ha would &6t be oomfertad, and w» Wt hlrf rooking, himtelf to aad fro aad taurmarixg, 11 1 ecdy ask tor one letter— only one— just ono Uttle letter!" I was quito firm about the English estate and George wo« as obstinate as possible aboat mic New Zealand one. In the result wo each hatl.ro payu nttndrcd pounds to bo off our bargain, jvly object in making the affair public is to ask how lung society is to bo exposed to this kind of thing! What is to. prevent somo idlo good- for.nothing pliau torn pcisonating mo, and running mo in for, an action for a breach of promlsoor I don't know what! Nobody's safe. That's what I say; aod George agrees with me. I believe they call tho soti of fraud I have exposed telepathy. A long namo docs not insko a thing honest ; and to my opinion, if tho jtw does not reach such practices the sooner it is olterori the better. i havo written to our memtar to tell hint so. i am a large employer of labor ; and if he doea not introduce a Bill, ho will probably hear of it. 