Mr. Stead's ' Real Ghost Stories.' ' Real Ghost Stories' is the title of the Christmas number of the Review of Keviews. The collection includes several old-fashioned blood-curdlers ; but the sixpennyworth, as a whole, may 'be described as unique. Following are a few examples of Mr. Stead's sensations : THE CLAIRVOYANT AND THE 31UHDEHEB. The idea of using the clairvoyant as a spiritual, sleuth-hound to track down an unknown murderer has always been a fasci nating one. A Swedish doctor gives an account of a case in which everything in the vision tallied with the ease afterwards got together against a particular man, who had a feud with the murdered man, but who got off: with a sort of ** not proven' verdict : ' The clairvoyant was hypnotised in my wife's presence and then ordered ' to look for the place where the murder had been committed and see the whole scene, follow the murderer in his flight, and describe him. and his home and the motive for the murder.' Miss Olsen then spoke as follows, iii great agitation, sometimes using violent r-restures. I took notes of her exact words and reproduce them here fully : ' It is between two villages — I see a road — in a wood — now it is coming — the gun — now he is coming along, driving — tiie horse is afraid of the stones — hold the horse ! hold the horse ! row I now he is killing him — he was kneeling when he lived — blood.' blood! now he is running: in the wood — seize him ! — he is running in an opposite direction to the horse in many circuits — not on any footpaths. He wears a i -ap and grey clothes — light — has long, coarse brown hair, which has not been cut for a long time — grey-blue eyes — treaeher- cus looks — grea* dark-brown beard — he is accustomed to work on the land. I believe lie has cut his right hand. He has a scar or a streak between his thumb and fore finger. He is suspicious and a coward. i ' The murderer's home is a red wooden house, standing a little way back from the road. On the ground floor is a room which \ leads into the kitchen, and from that again into the passage. There is also a larger room which does not communicate with the kitchen. The church of Wissefjerda is situated obliquely to your right when you are standing in the passage. ' His motive was enmity ; it seems as if lie had bought something — taken some thing — a paper. He went away from home at daybreak, and the murder was committed in the evening. ' Mr.ss Olsen was then awakened, and, like all my subjects, ahe remembered per fectly what, she had been seeing, which had made v verv profound impression on her.'' Everything tallied, as it turned out, down to the sear on the hand. The clairvoyant had never seen the murderer in her life, and knew nothing of tie circumstances. 'WARNED IN VAIN. ' Supernatural ?' warnings are sometimes on trivial subjects ; sometimes, while serious, and even tragic, they seem power less to avert the danger against which they warn. Mr. Stead quotes a story from the accumulations of the S.P.R. which 'is full of the tragic fascination -which attaches to the struggles of a bravo nian, repeatedly warned of his coming -death, struggling in vain to avert the event which was to prove fatal, and ultimately perishing with in the sight of those to whom he had revealed the vision.' The story in brief is as follows : ' Mr. Fleet was third mate on the sail ing ship Persian. Empire, wMch left Ade laide for London in. 1868. One of the crew, Cleary by \iarae, dreamed before starting that on Christmas morning, as the Persian Empire was passing Cape Horn in a heavy gale, he was ordered with the rest of his watch to secure a boat hanging in the davits over the side. He and another get into the, boat when a fearful sea broke over the ship, washing them both out of the boat into the sea, where they were both drowned. The dream made such an impression upon him that he was most reluctant to join the ship, but he overcame his scruples and sailed. On Christmas Eve, when they were ncaring Cape Horn, Cleary had a repetition of his dream, exact in all its particulars. He uttered a ter rible cry, and kept muttering, * I know it viil come true.' On Christmas Day, exactly as he had foreseen, Cleary asad the ri-?t of the watch were ordered to secure a beat hanging ia the davits. Cleary flatly refused. He said he refused because he knew he would be drowned, that all the circumstances of his dream had ccme true up to that mtment, and if he we5\t into that boat he would die. He was taken below to the captairi, and kis refusal tu -lisctargc- duty was entered in the log. Then the chief officer, Douglas, took the pen to siga Ms name. Cleary sudd&rdy; looked at him, and exclaimed, * I will go to my duty, for now I know the other man it*, my dream.' He told Douglas, as they went on deck, of his dream. They gotintc the boat, and whet, they were all making tight a heavy sea struck the vessel with such force that t&e; crew would have been washed overboard had they not clung to the mast. The boat was turned over, and Douglas arid Cleary were flung into the sea. Tbey swam for a little time and then went down. ''?It was just three months after h« had dreamed of it before leaving Adelaide.' A sister's dbeam. Here is another thrilling sailor-story tearing on the subject of apparitions at tie moment of death: ' A great gust of wind seized the half slackened maiitoprBail, and sent it flutter ing into fragments. At the same moment the ship reeled nearly on1 her beam ends, and, above the howling of the gale, we heard a sudden cry of despair. I was horrified to see an apprentice, J ? P— ; ? , sent whirling headlong from the masthead into the sea. Even yet I can see the look of agony stamped on his upturned face, and 1 can hear the very tones of his heart rending cry, * Oh ! Lucy, Lucy,' as he dis appeared for ever in the darkness below. 'After the storm, abated, the captain made a careful note of the exact tune of the occurrence, the position of the ship, and the other particulars. He seemed struck at my mention of the exclamation I had overheard falling- from the poor fellow's lips as he clutched ia vain -at the yielding air. ** « Ah,' he said, *;that must have been his sister, Lucy V ? %, to whom he was greatly attached.' ' Thereat of the voyage; passed -without incident, and as soon as the ship arrived at Liverpool I made nay way £o the train which was to take me to Manchester, ' I was walking idly along the platform, when I saw the face of an old gentleman, who, with a young ladr on his arm, was elbowing his way through the crowd. His resemblance to our lost mate was so strik ing that I stood and looked at him. The young lady's eyes happened /suddenly to meet mine. Instantly she gave a, violent start, uttered a low scream, and exclaiming, * Oh, look, there's the facs-of ?ny dream !' stared at me as if fascinated. Her com panion gently rallied her, and half led, half carried her, to the nearest waiting room. As he passed he begged me to come with them and handed me his card. ** When we were alone the old gentle man explained that the sight o'f my face had reminded his daughter of a very pecu liar and unpleasant dream, to which she still persisted in attaching importance. He said, * At the present moment^ indeed, we are on our way to discover if the owners of my son's ship have received any news of its arrival.' ' I said, * I am an apprentice of the C ? , and have but latelj^ left her lying in the harbor.* ' * Then,' the young lady cried, * I must he right. It must be true. 'Twas that man's face I saw gazing at him as he fell. I saw Joe's ship in the midst of a fearful storm, and him clinging to the slippery shrouds. A bright flask seemed to pass before my eyes, and I saw him falling backwards into the sea. I saw your face in the momentary gleam, 'and I woke per fectly terrified to hear the sound of my own name — ' 0 Lucy ! Lucy 1' — whispered in my ears.' ' The expression of my face must have conveyed but too well the meaning of my silence. ' « My God,' cried Mr. ? , « is it true, then? Is he dead?' ' I stammered — ' Too true, sir. Yes ! every word of it ! I was beside him at the moment, and even tried to . save him.' *' On comparing notes, we found that the dream took place the very day, allowing for the difference in longitude, even the very hour when the accident occurred !' AN EERIE STORY FROM THE. SHETJLAXDS. Here is a splendid sample of the narra tives repeated in good faith by the super stitious folk of the remote Shetlands : ' One day in 1836, a fisherman of the name of Grey found that when returning from fishing his boat stopped without any apparent cause. In vain he strained at the oars ; it would not move a foot. He looked over the prow, thinkincr he might have got entangled in seaweed, but the water was clear. He thought he might have struck on a hidden shoal, so rocked the boat. She rocked freely, show ing there was water under her keel. Grey then looked over the stern, and to his horror saw a man, whom he knew had been dead for six months, holding on to the stern post. This man was one with whom he had some, little quarrel, and Grey besought him to free the boat, saying that he had hoped that death would have cancelled all enmity between them. 'Without replying the man still held on, and at last, in de spair, Grey took his axe and hacked off the stern post, when the boat at once shot forward. The man, however, cried out that Grey and he should meet again in six weeks. Grey, in great fear, hastened home and told his family and friends of the occurrence. In six weeks, at the exact time the dead man had named, Grey was found in the morning dead in bed. A son of Robert Grey, who saw the mutilated boat come in, was, at any rate, keeping a sailors' boarding- house in Antwerp ; but there are many in the Shetland Isles who well remember the cir cumstance, and seeing the boat with the stern post cut off.' GHOSTS AGGRESSIVE AND TANGIBLE. Ghosts take many and various forms, and there are a few pretty terrifying ones in Mr. Stead's collection. There are dia bolical floating faces and mutilated trunks. There is a ghost which inflicted its company on an unhappy living friend for a walk of some duration, which it en livened with a long and detailed account of its violent death, and with the spectacle of its body ' burning from within, ©utwards unconsumed.' There are aggressive ghosts which pull of£ one's bedclothes, or grapple with one in a confusion of material or imma terial. There is even a ghost which attacked a railway porter at night accom panied by a ghostly dog, which actually bit the porter in/ the calf of his leg. And there is one which strikes us as the only instance we have yet come across of a ' warm, soft, and plump ' ghost — but the poor thing ordy consisted of a hand And ariia. But we will conclude with a very creepy tale which shows that a mutilated ghost does not always correspond with a mutilated corpse. The apparition may fit itself out, it seems, with the very parts which are missing in the mortal remains, to say nothing of making its presence known by an energetic smack on the back-; — ' About the middle of the first decade of this century there lived in the little seaport town of Girvan, in South Ayrshire, a young man and his sister; they were warmly attached to each, other. My grandmother, from whom I . heard their story, was intimately acquainted with the young woman. The brother followed the pre carious and -dangerous avocation of the fisher, and -our story begins with the loss of his. life by the swamping of his boat in a storm. For a week or two ids sister was incon solable j her mind dwelt in imagination on^the loved form of her 'brother tossed amongst the weeds and ooze on the bed of the ocean, the food for fishes, and the dwelling place for creeping things. [At this stage the body was discovered in a rcckr part of the coast owing to a singularly vivid dream dreamt by a casual visitor to the town,;, an. incident remark able jn itself, but not to our present pur pose. The corpse, which, was much decomposed, had lost the right hand. This mutilation made a, Seep and paiuful impression on the sister's snind.] .** Ever and anon she would burst out into a fit of weeping, wringing her own. hands, and bewailing the loss of her brother's hand. *' This continued for about a 'Week, until one night, preparatory to going to bed, she had undressed j but before she had got into bed, overcome by the force of her emotions, she threw her face upon the pillow and burst out 'weeping, and bemoaning the lost ha^nd 5 but scarcely had she done so when, with a cry of fear, she sprang from the bed., ' Her cries soon brought the other in mates of the house to her room, and when questionedinformed them that when she had thrown herself on the bed, she felt some one give her a slap on the back, as if with the open hand ; and that the place where she was struck was still pricking from the effects of the blow, and put her hand over her shoulder to point out the place where she was struck. ' They examined the place, and over the shoulder-blade, in vivid blue, was the impression of a man's right hand.' 