BROKEN HILL STRIKE. TO THE EDITOR. Sir — I notice that you are taking charge of subscriptions in aid of the new Union started here, which some Adelaideans fondly hope will end thfl ?fcrikn. and thafc MflHsra. Sando. Lawrance, and Barnfield are the first contribu tors. I arrived here on Thursday morning, and my first enquiries related to this new movement. I found the manifesto issued by Messrs. Bath and Emeraon treated as one would imagine the British public treated the famous proclamation commencing, ' We the people of England' that was issued in bygono days by the three tailors of Tooley- streot. The new Union can scarcely bo said to have lived. It gasped out an existence for a few days and died a violent death on Friday through col lision with a Mine Manager. Mr. Barnfield writes strongly of 'seditious speeches, assaults on officers of the law' and 'widespread poverty'' at Broken Hill. He should have been in Argent-street to-night. He would have seen a street for about three-quarters of a mile as densely crowded as is Rundle street on a Saturday night between Moss's Corner and the York Hotel. The innumerable electric lights in the shop windows aud under the long line of verandahs lights up as clean, as well as dressed, and as orderly a body of men, women, and children as can be seen anywhere. Some talk strike, some Caulfield Cup, and others criticise the relative merits of the brass bands that cheerily assures them from the hotel balconies that 'There's a good timo comin.c, boys.' All appear cheerful and well fed, and as for dress, well the ladies could give their Rundle-street siBterB yards and win hands down. All went merry as the proverbial marriage bell until about 10 o'clock, when owing to a (to be polite) free labourer making himself rather conspiou ous a little mild booing was indulged in. This, it appears, made another of the ' free and in dependant,' who was seated in a hotel, rather norvous, and fumbling with a revolver in his pocket, send a bullet throngh the floor. The report considerably startled the other thirsty souk and those close by outside, and until smoke was seen rising from the packet of the nervous one no one could tell who tired. An old Comstock miner, who was with me at the time, remarked, 'Boys gitting lively, 'mind's me of Redskin Gulch ; had dead man for breakfast there every morning.' How ever, worse accidents than that happen at sea, and with this trifling exception all went smooth. I have heard more heated and un parliamentary language used when strike matters are discussed on the Adelaide JLx change in half an hour than I have heard since I have been here, iu fact nothing having the faintest approach to inflammatory language is heard. From my experience -of the warm heartedness and generous temperament of your correspondent, Mr. Thomas Barnfield, I am sure now that I have disabused his mind of false impressions that he will at once instruct you, Sir, to forward the fiver you hold to the Strike Committee. There are about 18,000 mouthB to fill and hardly a ghost of a chance of the strike being ended this year at all events. The Committee I am sure would hi very grateful, for, as the old lady remarked when she added a tear to the ocean, every little helpB. I am, Sir, &c;, JOHN RICHARD3. Broken Hill, October 15. 