WINDSOR TRAGEDY. COMMPENCEMENT OF THE TRIAL. 'IIIE MEDICAL EVII)ENCE-"- SANE OR INSANE ?' MIr. MHarshall Lyle Retres from the Case. The Ripper Theory Conflrmed. Iessrs. IDeakln and Furlonge Assigned for the Defence. (By TI1LEGRAPH.] (1Bo oUR OORRESPONDBNDT) MELBOURNrE, Thursday. THis morning Dooming alias Williams was placed in the dock at the Central Oriminal Court, before Judge Hedges. Strange t> say, not nearly so big a crowd was present as upon the occasion of the inquest. The pri soner's beard and moustache had partly grown, thnus giving him a much less repulsive look thn at the inquest. He also appeared in botter health generally. Mr. Duffy, the Attorney-General, and Mr. Walsh, the Grown Prosecutor, appeared on behealf of the Grown; and Mr. Alfred Deakin and Mr. Furlonge, instructed by Mr. Marshall Lylo, for the prisonor.r. Ir. Deakin renewed the application for a postponement of the trial. The Judge ordered him to call evidence to support the application. Dr. tipring. thorpe, was then placed in the wit nese-box, and his allidavit read over to him, the substance of which has already appeared in print. In croeesexamination the witness was not prepared to say whether the prisoner was sane or insane. He would rather not discuss his mental condition, ie he wished first to learn whether the state ment made to him by Deeming, with regard to his early life, were true, and he would have to get this imformation from abroad. Tho prisoner told him that he was in an asylum when 12, and also when 16 years of ago, when he escaped, and afterwards was taken to a house of correction after tearing his clothes in etroebets; also that he had had epiloptic fits. He could rely upon some of Deeming's statements, but not on others; not about the Windsor murder for instance, bo cause the weight of evideoce was so entirely against him. He believed his statements about the family insanity, because words to that effect had been oabled from home. Ho did refer to the cable in this morning's paper. Then Walter Deeming, one of the prisoner's brothers, denied that his father or mother were ever insane or in a lunatic cylum. Deeming had told him that all of his brothers did not know of the family insanity, but on the whole the cables agreed largely with what the prisoner had told him. He had sears on the head said to be produced by blows, and blows often produced insanity. These wounds were affected by a very general disease, under which prisoner ouffered. Witness had not exhausted the tests for insanity. He had been 12 months medical officer in a lunatic asylum, and it would take several weeks to decide as to the sanity or insanity of the prisoner. Prisoner suffered from hallucinations, one of which was that every morning at 2 o'clock his mother came to him as an apparition and woke him up. She incited him to kill. That if ever he had a lady friend to kill her. If he had a wife he was to kill her. He said that his mother was oeverlastingly pestering him, and he had to leave Africa because she pestered him to kill his wife. He parted from his wife in England because he con traoted a bad disorder. Witness had found prisoner very acOurate in some matters. He had suffered from syphilis and epilepsy, which was often associated with madness. Witness was net prepared to swear him insane, but he had very serious reasons for believing him to be mad. Dr. Fishbourne, whose affidavit was read, wase similarly examined and cross- examined. His evidence did not materially differ from the last witness. He added, however, that the prisoner, on acoaunt of his mother's ghost, had sent his wife home twice in order to get away from the dreadful illusion. His mother told him to kill his wife and bury her in the mine. His Honor, in giving his decision, did not see that anything could be gained by a post. ponoment. Th investigation required would mean an investigation into the early history of Deeming from his infanoy, as well as the history of his parents. After commentingon the medical evidence at length, his Honor said that he thought it would be right to put it to the jury at any time what they thought the prisoner's mental conditioa was, assuming the guilt of the prisoner to be proved. The then veroiet, if necessary, could be remitted, the Executive taking all circumstances into consideration, saw no reason for a postpone. ment of the trial. Mr. Deakin asked for a short adjournment to consult with his col. leagues. The Court adjourned for twenty minutes. On the Court roe.opening, Mr. Deakin announced ahat Mr. Marshall Lyle, the prisoner's solicitor, had decided to retire from the case at this stage. Tho Judge said that he woulod assign Mr. Doakin and Mr. Furlonge to defend the prisoner. The case was then proceedod with. No jurors were challenged by the prisoner, but three were challenged by the Crown on the score of being too young. Mr. Welsh, the Crown Proseoutor, then opened the case at con siderable length, and went through all the phases of this most remarkable cause celebre, and had not concluded when the Court rose for lunch. 