SOUTH BRISBANE FIRE BRIGADE. ' rifled monthly meeting of the South Brisbane Fire Brigade Board was held at the Town Hall yesterday afternoon. There were present-? The mayor (in the chair), and Messrs. F. R, Davis, A. F. Luya, and Charles O'Reilly. The Building Committee's report was road, recommending that a number of necessaries be obtained for the superintendent's cottage, including tanks and electric bell fittings, and gas stoves for the station. Mr. LUYA moved as an amendment that two ordinary cooking stoves be, substituted for the gas stoves, The amendment was carried, and the report adopted. The Finance Committee's report was read and adopted. The report recommended payment of accounts to the amount of £208 12s. 7d. The superintendent's report showed that nine calls had been received during the month, of which three proved to be fires, two slight, two false alarms, and two chimney fires. In two cases the fires were beyond reach of water, and the promises were totally destroyed. Both occurred in the Coorparoo division. The other fire was in Mr. O'Reilly's house at Hill End, and would have proved disastrous had it not been for the promptitude with which the brigade arrived, and the good supply of water. Of the slight fires, one on Parbury, Lamb's wharf was caused by a watchman leaving a lighted lamp under a tarpaulin, setting fire to it. The other slight fire was in the Treasury Building, but fortunately was noticed before much damage was done. Mr. LUYA moved,-" That the Brisbane Fire Brigade Board be informed that it is unnecessary for their brigade to attend fires outside the boundaries as died for the working of the amalgamated brigade, unless requested by the superintendent to render assistance ; also, that the Volunteer Fire Brigade be asked for an explanation as to why they rang up the North Brisbane Brigade first at O'Reilly's fire, instead of the South Brisbane Brigade. "This was seconded by Mr. DAVIS, and carried. This concluded the business. Mediums and Mahatmas are just now considerably excited over a mishap which has? befallen one of their order, and threatens (pays the Daily Telegraph) to bring discredit on their calling, as well as diminish their profits. At a recent spiritualistic seance a medium produced the ghosts of several notabilities of the past, among them Voltaire, who discoursed on modern art and literature in fluent if not altogether grammatical English, marked here and there with the displacement of an "h," a habit he must have picked up since his decease. As he seemed familiar with the works of artists who lived long after he ceased to reside above ground, it was evident that the ghost possessed an acquaintance with the contents of the art reviews, One of the audience said he had rather an important question to ask, but he did not care to put it unless he was sure of an answer. Voltaire replied that he would state with pleasure anything he know. The questioner then asked in French-" Will you please tell me how many two and two malta ?" No answer was given. Voltaire, it appeared, did not understand French. The séance broke up in confusion. 