JIM ItYAN BEATS HEFPEUNAN Iu Seven Rounds. A Game Contest. On Sntnrday night last, at the California Athlotio Club, Jim Kyiui and AV. Hoffonmn boxed to a liuish for a purso uud aido-wuger, amounting iu all to a century, Tho meeting betwoen this pair attracted a large and enthusiastic attendance, and the contest, which lasted fornoarljr seven comploto rounds, was sb good a one as need be winhed for, A few minutes aftor 8 o'olook Frank Pablo and a big lost man described an Jlttrry lintt. Champion of tho West of England (P), entorcd tho ring to spar four rounds. This was just about the sickest exhibition I over saw in my life. Tho West of England Champion— Bavo tho mark — nover onco let his hands go, and allowed Pablo to puuoh him wheli and whore ho lilcod. At tho end of the first round tho Champion turned it up, saying that he'd had enough. Great Scott, and I should thiuk so I For my part, I'm quite aatisllod that Mr. Harry liutt is not and never was a ohumpion. Jim Barrontook his place, and ha and big Pablo put in throe lively rounds, and then re tired to' mako room for Harry Perry nnd young Murphy, who sparrod, or rather fought, four solid rounds, Perry having a bit tho best of matters at tbo fiuish. Then tho principals aud thoir seconds appeared on tho scono, and a round of applause went up as tho sturdy Victoriau stopped briskly into his corner, accompanied by Abo Willis, Jim Bnrron and Aloo Rogers, ltyan didn't keep him waiting long, and Boon showed up, attended by Charlie Dunn nnd Jack Fuller. Mr. Diamond was chosen as refereo and Mr. Cooporas timokeopor. After tho usual pro liminarios had boon arrangod ' timo ' was called, and tho men quickly jumped up and steppod to the centre of the ring, whero they faced each other for Round l.-~ Whon thoy shaped it was nt oneo noticeable that both were iu food condition. Ryan looked iu Bplendid nick, and Uelfornau Buffered vary littlo by comparison. Tlio latter had all the ndrantago in height and reach, aud bu know it. After fiddling fora bit Heffernan led a left, but Byan was away. Then lie lot go left and rlsht, but tho blows were spent in tho air, Kjnu's clever work being much appreciated. The Victorian tried again with the loft, but Eyan ducked under tbo blow. llefTernan thon got home on tho dial with u nice left, but was smartly countered. Bynn tbou let go a hard loft, which caught the Victorian on tho jaw. The latter led in, and a clinch resulted, and nothing inoro occurred wlieu comers soimdotl. Bound 2 ? Directly Bynn eot within striking dlstaiieo ho jumped in quickly and let go n hoavy left and right, which Helleruan just managed to avoid. Byan lot eo another loft, which caught liellurmm on the thoulder. The latter let go left and right, but Byan clinched. Breaking away Byan lauded a hard left on Holtornan's jaw, which staggered him a bit, and he got another left stab home on the dial. ltyan led tho loft but missed, and took his change in the drape of u hard right hander on the jaw, and then the coug sent them to their corners. Bound 8.— Byan was on the alert nnd never throw a chance away. ^He left UouVrflQu do most of tho work, nnd contented himself nithgettinij home hard with left nud right whenever a chaiico was offered him. lieffeinun sent in n well directed left, but Byan stopped neatly back out of dnnger, and swinging his right, caught Hofleruan fair on the left optic, ECuding him to tho boards. Tho latter took his ton seconds, and then went for Evan for all he wna worth, but the latter was far too clever, and tho Victoriau couldn't get a blow home. Bound 4. — Heffernan's face wns already showing signs of Byan's handiwork ; his nose uud mouth were tremendously swollen, mid his left eye wns almost closed. Notwithstanding this Ketrernan camo up to time as game as a pebble, and onco more set to work ' to let daylight into the ngile Jim. But be hadn't tho ghost of a show. He cer tainly got home twice with a left hook on the jaw and a left swing on tbe sidu of the bead, but this nypirently didn't trouble EVan in tho least, who smiled good- bumoredly and kept ducking away out of dancer. Bound 6.— The Victorian kept pegsing awny, letting gs left aud right, but without success. Uo couldn't understand how it was that Byan always managed to escape the littio dolicato attentions whicb, he, Heffernaa, wns so anxious to shower on him. Byan twice got borne hard on tho dial with tbo left and staggered the Victorian consider ably. Evan began to assume the ajtrressive, and from a lead he crossed Ilelfernnn with u swinging right and sont him to tho boards, where he took his ten bccoudsi Uo was a very sick mm when he gottoliis teat, but Uyan couldn't finish him when Bound G.— Heffornan showed that he wns. real grit, and ennic up to time just as if nothing bad happened. Byan started in to finish his man ns quickly as possible, but Heffcruan was full of light, and would not bo laid out as long as he had a lei; to stand upon. Byun dealt out gruel iu unmer ciful qunutitics, but HetTcruan took it nil, nnd never uiuched, moro than onco getting homo on Byan's ribs with bis right. Eyan let ko a wicked right, which, had it caught HcHenuin whero it was intended, would have settled nutters then and there, but he just missed tho poiut by a hair's breadth. Bound 7 and last.— JJyan looked serious, nnd mtidnntlvinnunt tn settle matters iu tins round if he possibly could. He went at his mau hammer nuu tongs, and kept pounding away nt him, but still Helfcmnn never flinched. After a littlo fiddling Byim saw his clmnce. aud, liko a flnsh, ho sont his cruel right across, which, catching Ueltcr liiin on the point, dropped him ax if ho bad been shot, He lay where ho fell, nnd wns' counted out, and the referee awarded tho fight to Byan amidst great applause. RE3IAEKS. It was an admirable contest, one that was thoroughly well worth seeing. Ryan fought in clever fashion, and nover lost an oppor tunity for scoring when he saw a chanco of doing so. On tho other hand, Hoffernan must he warmly congratulated on tho splondid exhibition of pluck and real grit that ho afforded those present. Ho is thoroughly game, and is a clever fighter, who will beat a lot more than can beat him. Still, Ryan was decidedly too good for him, and I reckon that, in condition, Eyan would go very near beating Dan Creadon. Ryan can bo backed to fight any middle-weight in Australia, and is ready and willing to take on tho winner of tho Orecdon- Dunn fight. 