AMUSEMENTS. THE "SILVER KING" AT HER MAJESTY'S. The revival of "The Silver King "at Her Majesty's Theatre on Saturday nightj achieved the success well merited by a play quite unequalled in its own style, even though the class to which it belongs is only that of the numerous and mediocre melo drama. An audience which literally filled the theatre from lloor to ceiling — since the heads of the gentlemen in the gallery, placed, like Timotheus, "on high," grazed the dome — greeted play ami players with great cor diality and established their approval' by calls at tho end of each act, often made with peremptory enthusiasm. Air. liignoUl him self was so very warmly received that the actor, staggering on to the stage as in- ' toxicatcd Wilfred Denver in the Jir3t act, was fain to recover his senses for a few moments so that acknowledgments might be duly honored, and similar demonstrations were made in favor of the other principals upon the instant they were recognised. Considered as the first performance of a very heavy piece, tho production was an admirable one. The waits between the acts were unprccedcnUy short, the per formers were well acquainted with their parts, and everything went along in a buai- ncss-like style which reflects the greatest credit on Air. Frank Kmcry, who has been superintending the rehearsals, having acted in a similar capacity in the recent revival of the piece at Melbourne. In the acting, however, there were evidences of failure to correctly appreciate the quality of tho play. "The Silver King" is not a comedy-drama in which actors can afford to cultivate that level of uncxcitablc natural ness which is much affected by some schools, and which is only effective when eccentric humor shows it, and is shown by it in relief. Air. Sass is one of the most notable examples of this tendency. Always gentle manly and intelligent, and in most cases power ful, Mr. Sass makes Captain Skinner — " The Spider " — no more than an eminently respect able well-spoken well dressed man, whose sneering cynicisms arc said in a Imsty half apolojctic tone. This might be most praise worthy in a comedy of manners ; but it is out of placo in melodrama, which holds not the mirror, but the magnifying glass up to nature, and it indicates inadequate conccp- lion of a character professedly theatrical and picturesque. Whatever may be said of the tenuity of a certain traditional line, there is ground between the sublime and the ridicu lous where art may set up its tents, and excel lent effects may lie produced by boldness and vigor without resorting to blast and blither tactics. Aliss Henrietta Watson, who played Nellie Denver, achieved the dual end of setting a valuable example to other members of the cast and raising the standard of melodra matic heroines. With an artist's skill Aliss Watson is bold without being impossible, and licr pathos, genuine and forcible, stops short of bathos. What little variety of light and shade is to be discerned in such a charac ter as this she perceives and distinguishes. For instance, in tne scene where Airs. Denver, ordered to leave her tumbledown tenement, is about to comply when, remembering her sick child, she suddenly refuses and defies the Spider's emissary, Aliss Watson's acting-— the change from meek compliance to defiance — fairly startled the audience, so determined and vigorous was it. The confusion of emo tions, anger and determination with a flicker of doubt and fear, weroj,' suggested with remarkable force and distinct ness. In the second act, again, she displayed great power in tic trying scene where Denver imagines himself haunted by the ghost of Geoffrey Ware, and nothing in the performance was more effective than the gesture with which she pressed her hands over his eyes, and herself looked half fear fully, half daringly round the room. Air. R-ignold's Wilfred Denver in this and the first act was not equally forcible, bciug marred in some measure by the actor s lu< bit of stammering, and 'a conception of identity which presented the licro of the play with less dash and vigor than might reasonably have been expected. His acting in the climax at the end of the first act was unquestionably strong, a new feature of the scene being that the actor remained at the door with hands outstretched, instead of making the exit which is usual. For this piece of work Air. Rignold received a call and was heartily cheered. He was clearly at his best when Denver is the " Silver King." The sketch of tho idiot Dickey was very cleverly done, while the abandonment of disguise and tho indictment of Skinner was carried off with inanly dramatic power. But Air. Rignold showed a lack of color and soul iu the speech which tells the dream of the enforcement of justice. This, which strikes the noblest note in the gamut of the modern melodrama, does not receive its due when it is calmly recited, and on Saturday night it almost went for nothing. Indeed, one of the characteristics of the per formance was that it was, so tosj>cak, under done. Of the many other characters in the play that of Henry Corket, played by Mr. Hans Phillips, deserves special mention. Air. Phillips gives a consistently clever sketch of the clerk who " borrowed " his employer's money and subsequently went rapidly to the bad, and it is considerably to his credit that lie steered clear of many temptations to make a burlesque of a dangerous part. Air. Shine, too, who played a new Elijah Coombe, is en- titlcdto praise. " Father Christinas" was less noisy than usual, but there was genuine skill in the depicting of an excessively wicked old man with a most lovable, iufantile and bland manner. Air. Stirling Whyte em phasised the watery aspects of Daniel Jailccs, but from that point of view acted evenly ; Air. Cosgrovc was a tolerable Geoffrey Ware ; and a few small character-parts were cleverly filled in by Mr. Tolano, Air. Iiigby and Air. Sweeney. Alt. liazlitt, as Cripps, the vigorous member of the long firm, also did very well. Miss Watts Phillips made all that was to be made of such a small part as Olive .Skinner, and little Aliss Lala Pclham, a clever child well trained, displayed intel ligence and feeling as Cissy Denver. "The .Silver King" will be repeated until further notice. 