UNDER SENTENCE VI . NORFOLK ISLAND. AUTHENTIC KECORDS. [all mains reserved, *1 No. 12. IS! HEAD CONSTABLE. Although Convict Thoodoro Dixon had never aotivoly flhown signs ol madnoBB, thoro ia, no noubt that tho myatorioua mental dis case whioh bafil^a ull Bciontiata, must have beun intent in him, lot on tho day of Bradly'a murder ho had to bo eeourod in a straight waiatooat through his violence-^ Tho quoer manner which had earned for him his nick name was but tlio outward aign whioh told of the deficiency within. Like Veauviua and ita thin column of Bmoko, men know that something out of tho ordinary was prcsont, but no ono oould toil whoa the quiescent volcano wouldburst forth, carrying destruo tion in its train. Tho head oonatable was oapeoially pleased at tho turn affairs had taken. Bradly waa becoming inoonvonient to him. Ho knew more about Soanlon than he wished, him to. Now ho waa out of the way, and Dixon would soon follow him, for thoro waa not the least doubt about hia being hanged. Even if ho was insano tho easiest and cheapest method according to Norfolk Island lav/ waB to exo outa him as soon aa poBaiblc.. Madmen had been hanged before, and no fuas made about it, and Dixon would certainly end his life on the gallows. The Head Constable had a failing whioh w«3 common to a good many officials on tho Island, Ho sometimes indulged rather too freely in tho ' flowing bowl.' ' When the wine is in tho wit is out ' was a proverb peculiarly applicablo to him. Ha said and did many tliingB when under tho influonoaof Bacchus whioh he was sorry for afterwards — when it was too late. Two nights after the murder of Bradly ho was in tho quarters aet apart for himself, the ohiof turnkey, and tho hoad 'overseer. A small.but oorivivial party woro nsaombled. In addition to Soanlon and tho head over seer ohiof constable Baldook, overseer Whiffen and constable Wilcox from the head prison wero present, having ooma over for the even ing on a visit. They woro all heavy drinkers — when they oould got it, — but thovilo rum whioh thoy wero oonsuming seemed to tako a greater effect on the Cascade head constable than on the others. Before nine o'olook hia tongue had got the better of him. Tho bibli cal injunction to keep a watoh over one's mouth waa entirely forgotten, and Soanlon was relating some of his exploits with a gusto and minuteness of detail which only a half intoxicated man indalges in. His com panions wore slightly surprised at some of the narratives. To say they wore very muoh surprised would be untrue, for thoy wero well versed in tho tricks and subterfuges whioh wero praatised on the prisoners, and by whioh thoy woro so ofton unjustly punish ed. Each of them had been guilty moro than onos of tho samo kind of acts of whioh Scan Ion mado nimseif the hero, but they had never been fooliah enough to tell the public 80. Chief Constable Baldock only laughed at the indosoretion of his subordinate, and gavs him a fow hints to ohango tho subject, but that only made the constable chattor the luster. The ohiof overseer at tho Cascade Ujol treatod his oomrade'a talk as so many tjood stories, but to overseer Whiffen and constable Wilcox tho conversation had a fascinating and peculiar interest. These two worthies had for some timo oast longing ayes on Seanlon'a billot, and though they drank with him thoy would not stay at any trifle that might assist towards his re moval. The last inoident that tho Cascade head oonatable described clearly was tho manner in whioh ha had oonveyed the three ounceB of sugar to the pooliot of Hendriok's jacket, and for whioh tho convict received one hun dred lashes. Everything ho said was care fully noted by tho two interested men for future uso. It was close on midnight when they left for the hoad prison, but at nine o'olook next morning Wilcox waa in tho commandant's office giving him a '? full, truo, aril .particular account ' of what Soan lon had said the previous night. The commandant had a strong diBlike to the head constable. Hia system of having favourites to onrry him tales waa diatasteful to tho ohief officer. He didn't object to having such tools himself, but hia aubordinatca had no right to tronoh upon his domain in that respect, and ho listened willingly to the charges' whioh wero made against Soanlon. When _ overseer Whiffon returned with the gangs in the evening he also repeated tho charges whioh had been mado in tho morn ing, mentioning Baldock ala'o as ono who was present when the statements wero made. That official waB oalled, and reluotantly ad mitted that tho head constable had made indisoreet admissions, but tried to extenuate them by saying that the man was evidently joking. When he saw how the commandant was inclined he speedily changed his apolo getic mood, and strenuously declared that Soanlon was unfit for the position that he hnld. The result was that nextday the command ant went over to Cascade prison, accom panied by Baldook, Wilcox and Whiffen, and an enquiry waa held into Soanlon's state ments. In addition to these witnesses tho local head overseer admitted having heard the statements mada, and outside evidence was soon obtainable to prove that Soanlon had only told the truth about himself. Hia former favourites aaw that ho waa likely to fall, and like auoh cravens they were tho first to help him on hia downward road in the hopo of winning the favor of hia suo cesBor. Tho commandant held the obarges to be dearly proved, and at once suapended Saanlon, intimating that he would recom. msnd hia dismissal to the anthorities at Hobart Town. Wilcox was installed in hia plaao, muoh to tho disgust of Whiffen. Tho late head oonstablo waB furious when ho found how ho had been duped and be trayed by his supposed friends, and by his own foolish tongue. Tho reference to Hobart Town meant that ho would have. to remain on the Island for soveral monthB until tho deoioion arrived, bat of cornea ho would be found in quarters and rations aa long aa it waa neceasary to stay. Daring that time many things might happen. He was an im pulsive man, and when he fairly decided on n project he carried it through with the greatest tenaoity. For two weeks he re mained at his quartera brooding over his fanoied wrongs, and thsn the trial of convict Theodore Dixon, for tho murder of Bradly, aame on. Soanlon had witnessed tho ocourronoe, and when he waB placed in tho witness box ho swore that Bradly waa tho aggressor, that ho first strnok Dixon, and that in self defence the latter seized him by the throat. This ovidonce Wf ib totally unexpected; and tho only ono who could oontrovertit was oonviot Mer oer. This man still ' had a regard for hia former benefactor, and as perjury was of littlo oonsequenco in- his' estimation, he generally bore out the oviflence of Soanlon. Without doubt Dixon would have been ao quittod.of the oharge of murdor through this ?avidence, had it not been for tho statement of the prisoner himself. Ho told tho jury . that both Beanlon and Moroor had boon mis taken in tho'Baaoant thoy gave of the affair. That Bradly had not straok him, nor had ho been the aggressor. Acoording to English law tho statemont of a prisoner in tho position that Dixon was ia not admissible, and. little notioo would be ' liken of it by the judge or jury, espsoially if passive— if not aetfva— madness was present, and on th-j prisoner's own wOrda, because no ono else oould Bay who was tho aogressor, he. wad condemned to death. Norfolk Mand law was peculiar to its own 'soil. A weok after sentonoe, Convict Theodora Dixon, po( ahip Taaman, nhip3 number 103, prison num. bar 11)73, was swung off, and a Tacanoy left at Cascade. ? r It was thrao months after this event that dispatches arrived from Hobart Town, oover mg, nmongat other papers, the dismissal of Head Constable Thomas Soanlon, with an intimation that he oould have a free passage in tho vessel back to Van Dioraan'a Land, For noouplo of months tho qondaot of the lato head constable had boon vory queer, He wandorod about in an aimlcQQ manner dur ing tho day, aud frequently during tho night also, and ho waa but tho ghost of his former self. Most people put thia ohango down io over indulgenoo in rum, but thoso who wero moat intimately assooiatod with him know that in fact Soanlon drank vory littlo sinco his suspension.- ? Two years previously ho had roooived a sunatroko whilst out in tho Holds, and it was mora probable that thia injury waa reasserting itself. On tho 7th of July, 1817, head oonstablo Wilcox, accompanied by a field conviot named Hoido, had occasion to inspect a flax field on tho outer edgo of tho oultivated diBtriot fac ing southwards. Tho looality inqueation waB very hilly, and in tho intervening deep gallics the plant was grown. The Burround ing district was tho wildost in the iBland, although it was not moro than a mile from Cascade prison. Tho forcat was a doneely tropical one, and no attempt had boen made as yet to utilise it. Three quarterB of a mile from tho gaol tho lost gang of laborers was passod, and it was from thia party that Wil' oox took Hoido to aooompany him. As thoy proceeded tho hills beoamo'stceper and higher, and an air of wild lonlinesB hung over tho plaoo. It was hore that tho wild flax had been first found, and it waa still almost in ita virgin state. It waa part of tha head constable's duty to visit the looality onoe a month and report on it, and in pursuanco pf that order Wilcox visited it that day. Tho two men had proceeded almost to tho extreme limit when thoy woro snddenly startled by a laugh not far from them, and turning in tbe direction from which it capo they wero astonished and alarmed at seeing Soanlon a short diatanco up the side of a hill on thoir right. Ho was standing behind tho trunk of a largo fallen tree, and only his breast and head were visibla. ' Where nro you going to ?' he hailed from his olovated position. ' Wo aro just inspecting tho plants,' rn plied Wilcox, who felt very muoh alarmed at his appearanoe, and wished to oonoiliato him, ' Will you not como and join us, old fellow.' ' No. I don't oaro to join you where you are about to go. I dare say I'll get thoro soon enough myself. I've eome here to give you a parting gift bofore I leave the Island. I'll take oaro this time that you will not bo able to tell the commandant any tales about me. I havo been waiting for this for two months, and now that I have got you I in tend to have my revenge.' As Soanlon spoko it was quite evident to both Wiloox and Hcide that ho meant mis chief. His appearance was wild, and hia eyes blazed with a deadly hatred. The head oonstable was armed, but Heide waB not, and if Soanlon had a gun ha had a considerable advantage over them, as tbey were standing in a clear portion of the gully, whilst tho ex constable was well aheltered. If ho would descend from hia position the two men would have a better abance against him. ' Come down and don't bear ill will. I am a friend of yours, Scanlon, and will do anything I oan to help you. Come baok with me and have dinner,' Wilcox aaid. ' Vou showed your friendship onoo, didn't you,' sneered Saanlon, and I am going to show you now how I appreciate it. I havo came here expressly to kill you, and I may as well do it at onco.' As he spoke he pointed a musket over the log, and proceeded to take aim at tho head constable, Heide rushed for shelter, but Wilcox instantly rose his musket and fired hastily at hia enemy. It would have been better had ho followed Heide's example and made for oover, for tho ohancea would be against Soanlon hitting a running man. As it was his hasty shot missed its intended mark, but it gave the ex-conatable time to take acourate aim. An instant after tbo re port of Wilaox's rifle rang out it was an swered by another, and tho head constable of Cascade fell dead with a bullet through his heart. When ho saw hia enemy fall the dismissed official ran in the direction of the thicket whore Heide was conoealed, but the latter fled with all speed, and a race for life ensued. Had it not been for the proximity of the outer gang of laborera the flying oon viot would moat oertainly havo been over taken, but he managed to reaoh that party before hia pursuer, and the latter oeaaed to follow him when he saw tho laborera. Ho evidently wished to kill Heide in .order to destroy any ovidcnco of his guilt regarding Wilcox. The convict mado his way to tbe gaol bb rapidly as possible, and .gave the alarm of Wiloox'a death. Tho superintendent at onco sent a party of soldiors to the place under tho guidanoe of Heide, and he alao Bent a messenger to the head station to inform the commandant of tbo occurrence. The day following tha murder was an extremely wet and etormy one, as was also the second sue PPfldiriiT flftT. nnrJ tliA nhiof nffininl ill#? rink despatch any Bearoh parties to oapturo Soan lon until tho third day after the tragedy. This broke fine and clear, and no lasa than four different expeditions were sent into the forest to hunt up the ax-head constable. The oommandant knew well that if he was not mad ha must bo in a desperate state, or he would not havo oommitted the deed he had, being a free man at the time. If not cap tured he would doubtless resort to further acta of violence, and no efforts Bhould be spared to bring him to justice. The four aearoh parties left the head sta. tion in different directiona, and the oom mandant himself aocompanied ono of them. ThiB body headed for tho centre of tha island where tho bills were high and steop, and the forest donso. Two of the others skirted along tbe sea Bbore, and tbo fourth went in a paral lel lino — about a milo distant— with the commandant's party. A most thorough search was made. Every thicket was ox amined. Hollow irocB and logs were looked at, and it seemed almoBt impossible that tho fugitive oould evade his pursuers. Towards noon they had reaohed the oentre of tho is land, and on the top of a commanding hill tho oommandant's party halted to have some mraumjii. xuu umei omaer nau seated himself at tho foot of a largo tree, and when the light meal was over he bade the soldiers search a dense thicket about two hundred yards to the south, and then return to him to explore the gloomy valley in front, Tho mon had not departed five minu tea when the oommandant was rudely startled from a noonday rovorie, into whioh he had fallen, by a hoarse voiao saying,— 'Attempt tho least reBistanae, and you are a dead man.' His hands instinotively sought bis pistols, but aa he looked up and saw tho drawn and haggard face of Soanlon peoring at him a fow yards away with hia musket of the shoulder and pointed at his heart, .bo saw how completely ho was in the power of tho desperate and hunted ex-oonstablo. ' What do you want with mo. You might lower your gun,' the oflicer at Iongth found voice to say, feeling at the same timo that ho waB loBt. 1 ' I want revenge. Thoro ia nothing elso left for mo but that ' hissed Soanlon, 'You oame to hunt mo down, but I have' turnod the tables, and hunted you down.' ' Why do you want revor ge on me. I am only doing my duty,' tho oommandant an swerod firmly. 'Por many reasons. I would not bo in tho position I am at this moment had it not been for you. Aa your guard will be here in a fow minutea I will not waste any further time with you.' As bo spoko he pulled tho trigger of the musket, but it missed fire. The heavy rain of tho previous two days had rendered tho powder useless. Determined not to ba baulked of his victim ho sprang forward to olub the officer, but ho was too quiok for his assailant. His hand was on his pistols, and in an inatant ho had drawn one and fired point blank at Soanlon's breaBt, killing him instantly. While he wob wiping the boads of perspiration from his faoo, whioh wero brought thero by tho torriblo ordeal he had just undergone, tha soldiers ran up, and ho directed them to convoy tho body to tho' settlement. . 