LABOR MEETING- AT R08E1LILL. Tho meeting in connection with the Eight hour demonstration at Uosehill, called to express indignation at the arrest of the Broken-hill defence com mittee, was uttended by a good-bumorccl crowd of about 100. Air. J. U. Watson occu pied tho chair. Mr. R. Hatu:m moved — "That in the opinion of this meeting the .premeditated action of the Government in causing the urrcst of the Broken-hill labor defence com mittee is an unjustifiable outrage on the en lightenment 6i the present generation and worthy only of the most tyrannical and bar barous ages." The sympathy of the meeting would be in favor of the resolution. (Cheers.) It was a tyrannical act on the part of the Government to arrest tho strike loaders. ("Hoar, hear.") Ho did not complain so much of tho Government maintaining law and order as of the partisan attitude of the Government which it had displayed. Thcro was a law against combination of workmen — tho Act 6 of George IV. — (a voice: "fl George IV.")— and it was little more than a quibble to say that tho arrests were made under the common law, for in this ease it amounted to thosanio thing. The no-confidence motion had resulted in favor of tho Government owing to the conduct of certain labor members. (A voice: "AndyKoUy." "Hear, hear.") The influence of Governments was always on tho side of capitalism, and though Minis ters had claimed to have acted for tho whole coinmuuity, yet many of the existing laws were class laws passed in tho interests of a class. ("Hear, hear.") How could it bo said then that justice could bo impartially administered when such discriminating statutes were in force ? The Act of George IV. if properly carried out could be made to reach employers as well as employes. Bub it was never enforced against em ployers. (" Hear, hear.") instances frequently occurred where employers in timidated their workmcu by coercion and tyranny. Tho result had been that many workmen had been driven from the country, yet they never heard of an cm-, ployer suli'ering, although tho Act was directed as much . against intimidation by employers an against iutimidation of em ployes. (" Hoar, hear.") On this occasion, when they were met to celebrate the privilege of an eight-hour day, it was a most fitting opportunity to assist the men on strike at Broken-hill. ("Hear, hear.") They were fighting for a principle which was applicable to all workmen, the principle of association, and which the employers were endeavoring to crush out. The arrest ol tho leaders at the Barrier was an act of tyranny which could in no circumstances be justified. (Cheers.) As Pitt had said, "The power of Parliament is omnipotent for good-pf" OJi, shut up !" and disorder)— and Parliament here by wise action could pass such measures ik wmilfl fnr «-v<»i- ivrnove the oxistiin? diffi- culties between labor and capital. (Cheers.) Labor members had been stigmatised an class legislators, but the workers claimed to have representatives just as other classes of tho community had. ("Hear, hear.") Air. W/Oi'l'iiKM ann seconded the motion. There was no country in the world where so many men were working eight hours per day, but thcro was no eouutry where there was more oppression. He had lately been in the back blocks, were artesian well-boring was going on. Tho system on most works was tho American hour system, wiiere the men worked ll£- hours per day. The mission of a man, be he working man or otherwise was not simply to put food into his belly or clothes on his back ; ho had a higher mission, and that wua to better himself. The Creator did not make one man a millionaire and an other a laborer, and intend them to have different powers on the earth ; all were born equal and were intended to be so. In the Book of »Sanuiel t hey read how the Jewish people wanted a king — the land previous to that had belonged to the people — but God said to them, "If you want a king he will take your fields, your olrio yards and your vineyards." Ho believed in a moral revolu tion. A Voice : Let us get a few guns aud then we will make it a revolution. Air. Ul'fKit.MANN : The issue of the no- conlidenee debate last week showed what had to be expected from a class of capitalists when they were opposed to the workers. Mr. \V. Kk.ukiskn condemned the labor members who hud voted in favor of tho Government at last week's no-confidence division. ("Hear, hoar." Any man who did not at the next election east his vote in favor of nationalising the mines was a black leg- (" Hear, hear," and hooting.) He did not view free laborers in the same light as many of them did, because often a man was driven by stress of circumstances to throw j sentiment away in order to make a living, j They had been told by the King-street daily j disseminator of falsehoods about the virtues j of law and order, but lie claimed that if a law was not just he hud the right to break it. i ("Oil, oh.") He for one was prepared to ? I break every law which was not of advantage | to himself. A Voice : Which law would you break as a bLarl? (" I tear, hear," and laughter.) Mr. Kumuiskn : Every law which was not to the advantage of one section of tho coin- ; in unity should bo broken. | Another Voice: Would you be prepared to take up a rille to-morrow 7 (Laughter.) I Mr. Rkmrikkn: He did not. believe in revolution by force. The strike at. Broken- hill and its concurrent reduction of wages was caused by tho number of unemployed. ; (A Voice: "Oh, drop tho unemployed." j " Hear, bear.") Tho unemployed comd be rc- : moved by nationalising everything. ( Hear, hear," aud interruption.) - Air. J. Hkiibkkt also supported tho resolu tion. iTo was surprised at the interruptions, as ho thought all working men wero ot opinion that the action of the Government iu arresting the Broken-hill leaders was tyrannical. (A Voice: "So wo arc.") if any other Government was in power would they not think it tyrannical too? ("Yes.") Then what would they do V Voices: Chuck 'cm out. Air. H gJtP.KRT : Yes; chuck 'cm out. And v. hat was to bo tho remedy for this slate of things? It was to try and got the govern mental portfolios into the hands of their own class. They did not expect anything from " Jack" Want nor from Mr. Wilkinson, hut they did expect something from "Andy" Kelly arid they did not get it. They were not going to be discouraged because of a defeat. Tho other side was not discouraged by any defeat. Thev tried again, and Uiatwau what the wonting men must do. The time was coming when they would get all they wanted. They must put in their own men. A Voice : Do you want the job ? M r. Hi;iuu;ut : If he did want it he would take it just us cheerfully as tho interjcctor would take a long beer. (Interruption.) Tho interjcctor could gut a very good long beer at the booth for a thrum. He could recom mend it. A Voice : Wc don't want to hear you talk. Air. IJ.r.miKKT : The interjections were very vexing to the speakers. Home of them said do you want this or do you want that, but his hide was thick enough to stand all that, and he held that it was only an honor able ambition for any man to try and get as big a trust us he could. If he abused Jack , Want or Air. l)ibbs the interrupters said " Hear, hear," but if he said anything about Andy Kelly they said, " Do you want his job?"' In his opinion the great mistake made was when no leader was elected for the labor men, and it was only because of the split in the labor party that the Broken- hill strike leaders were arrested. A Voice : What about "Andy" Kelly ? Air. Hkrhkut : They might lake him homo and bury him. I'liey were not there to talk about " Andy" Kelly, they were there to talk about the Broken-hill men. It was the duty of all working men to support these men if they hud the money, but if they had not it was their dutv to down tools, aud then they would see who was boss of tho situa tion. The motion was then put and curried. A Gentleman in the Crowd : Cannot we stop the Government from taking the Broken-hill leaders to Deniliquiu to be tried ? The Cji.ukmax : Wo don't know that they will be taken to Deniliquiu yet. W lien we do it will be time enough to seo about it. Mr. BouukJ-:, the delegate from the Broken-hill miners, also spoke. He chal lenged the Government to appoint a Royal Commission to inquire into the charges of impartial administration of the law at Broken-hill. If a commission were ap pointed it would he found that justice hud : not been impartially administered at Broken-hill. The Government was the ser vant of the people, and it should give fair ul'iirlGiill cl'iis. Kntnn rif the men who wore sent up to Broken-hill on behalf of the Government wen) not respectable. IJe would not shock the feelings of his audience by describing some of them. The Govern ment was not game to allow a Royal Com mission to inquire into tho conduct of the magistrate at Broken-hill. Respectable tradesmen up there who were not unionists would give evidence as to the partial char acter of Johnson's actions. And who had charge of the police? Why, Eonbory, who got his appointment because he cerlitied to the existence of the Kiaina ghost. (Cheers, laughter, and a voice: "That's true.") 