POLITICAL SKETCHER. POLITICAL ECHOES. I By Loungbb. | Though it is an affectation with some people to sneer at the Legislative Council and contemptuously omit "the handle" to-members names, there is a growing feeling that the Upper House is increas ing in power and influence, because the representation of divergent interests is being perfected there. It is less of a class body and more of a People's Chamber than perhaps most other kindred Houses, and the greater the permeation of demo cracy into the Council the stronger becomes its vigour. Recent events tend to show that the Assembly is not unwilling to surrender its monopoly of no-confidence motions, and permit the Hon. Mr. Ward to undertake what Sir John Downer hesitates to attempt. Mr. Ward would disdain to look at a trifle like the forma tion of a strong Ministry which is sup posed to baulk Sir John Downer. Such enterprise and courage in the Council being entitled to a measure of prominence, I invited a gentleman, whose delight it is to chronicle the doings of "our little lords," to tell the public what impression they made upon him, and he has furnished some very interesting notes " What with the fresh blood intro duced into It the Council is now becoming a real factor in local politics, and has got so far as to engage in what a constitutional authority declared was tantamount to a no-confidence motion. It was easy to imagine that the Hon. E. Ward was the leader of the Opposition the other day as he majestically marched to his place and began to arrange some ominous-looking blue papers. 'How's the barometer V was the query. ' Steady, but there are indications of rough weather,' was the response as Mr. Ward ran his fingers through his hair, a sure sign of an approaching storm, the fury of which will be in exact ratio to the angle at which his hair stands from his head. Mr. Ward was considerate at the outset. ' I will not let my impetuosity run away with me,' he said, and his fellow members breathed more freely. Like the old war-horse that delights to 'roll his red eye and rally for the fight,' Mr. Ward does not seem comfortable unless engaged in a scrimmage, and if the casus belli involves the 'privilege' or 'dignity' of the Council so much the better—he is as happy as Michael O'Shanagan at a fair. That was a necessary assurance from Mr. Ward, and it must be admitted he kept fairly to it. Mr. Ward iB the proud pos sessor of an up-country estate bearing the name 'Grampus,' which being in terpreted is 'a blow whale,' noted for its great 'spouting' propensities. Of course this is a mere coincidence, but then * coincidences are sometimes awkward things. "When at his country seat and not basking in the sun, which shines brighter at ' Grampus' than anywhere else, or resting in the shade of his own vine or fig trees, which throw a superior shade at 'Grampus,' it can easily be imagined that Mr. Ward amuseB himself by shooting at tomtits with a cannon andjat kangaroos with a shanghai. In the recent debates Mr. Ward rose superior to the Mr. Ward as generally seen in heated discussions. He was calm, almost logical, fairly precise, and gave no exhibitions of those dramatic powers which would have made him a model major-general in the Salvation Army. Hot a single line of poetry did he quote, not even a couplet from his dear old friend, Charles Mackay, and no side issue was raised in order to work in the martial lineB—" Till the war-drum throbbed no longer and the battle flags were furled," &c.;, &c.; Hot even the interjections of Mr. Cotton, given in a highly pitched key, which generally prove as irritating to Mr. Ward as a March fly does to an elephant, could turn the speaker from the even tenor of his way. On a subsequent occa sion, when the Minister of Education was addressing the Council in general, but Mr. Ward in particular, Mr. Ward inter jected 'You are tilting at a windmill.' How in these days of irrigation a windmill is the moBt useful of implements, but Mr. Gordon, who was in no mood for flattery, declined to admit that Mr. Ward was to the Council what a windmill is to an irri-. gated farm, although after a moment's reflection ard a further interjection from Mr. Baker the Minister allowed, with a' significant accent on the first word, that both gentlemen were 'wMidmills.' Possibly when the Commonwealth Bill comes on for further discussion Mr. Ward will again be. in the thick of the debate, for what a red rag is to a bull the word ' Com monwealth' is to the hon. gentleman, whose hatred of Cromwell is only ex ceeded by his loyalty to the memory of King Charles. ' That wretched thing of straw' is how he describes the' Common wealth Bill." But the most conspicuous figure in the Council just now is the Hon. J. H. Gordon, Minister of Education, who has gained a reputation for brilliancy. A reputation is not always the most pleasant of companions. It is so easy to fall out with it, by - the - way, and the reputation of to-day with the lustre of an electric light may be as dull and flickering as a tallow dip to-morrow. But the leader of the Council is shining ever bo much more brightly in Ministerial harness than he did last year out of it, and the rattling speeches with which he has favoured the Council of late has added to his reputed ability, liowbeit one, through the fault of his colleagues, was marred by a good deal of special pleading andHie raising of side issues. . Indeed, . driven by a volley of interjections and incredulous "Oh.oh's," Mr. Gordon allowed his Scotch blood to rise, and he hit out rather wildly, indulg ing in personalities towards Mr. Baker which " had nothing to do with thecase." Mr. Gordon's reply to Mr. Ward had been carefully thought out, but the speaker was not so happy or half so brilliant as when taken on the hop last week, and had to reply to an important point which had been sprung as a surprise on him. This was the best impromptu effort heard in the Council for a long time, and had the effect of making one or two converts, who have hinted at their being found on the Bide of the Govern ment when the division takes place on Mr. Ward's vote of censure. The Minister's happy smile and pleasant mannerisms often have the effect of turn ing aside the wrath of his opponents, and there is, moreover, a meek and in nocent expression which Mr. Gordon always has handy that would make a heathen Chinee envious. "The tender lamb that has never nipped the grass is not more innocent" than the leader of the Council when it suits him. "Mr. Grainger said so," pleaded Mr. Gordon the other day with childlike simplicity in support of an interjection he had made. The "Oh, oh's" of members brought an expression on the face of the Minister, which plainly said, "What, is it not proof enough that Mr. Grainger said so V A member opposite, who calls the Minister "Johnny," looked across the Chamber, as much as to say, "Johnny, you are too green, you ought to be hung up to dry." The Minister of Education evidently fully believes with Shakspeare that The silence often of pure innocenoe PersuadeB when speaking fails, for he oftentimes sits quietly, and is apparently indifferent to the shouting and the storming going on against the Government or some portion of their policy. There is no match for Mr. Gordon in the Council in repartee, and the way in which he knocked over the "men of straw" raised by the interjectors last Tuesday was delicious. Indeed, he has been congratulated alike by friends and opponents. There should be a clause in the next "Hansard" contract stipulating that the reporters must report not what an lion, member has said, but what he meant to say. This would save confusion and pos sibly misunderstandings in the cases of those speakers whose diffidence prevents their airing their sentiments off in an audible voice. In both Houses there are members whose orations would not disturb a quakers' meeting. Like the little animal that carries its home on its back and retireB within itself from the gaze of i the world, the voices of those hon. gentle- j men, instead of ringing out like clarions, take an internal direction, whence there is no returning. So conspicuous is this modesty that it is rumoured the contrac tors of the next" Hansard" are going to stipulate that each reporter must be supplied with an ear-trumpet, so that the country and its literature may not suffer the loss of precious sentences. By the steady and precise " military stride" with which the Hon. S. Tomkinson entered the Legislative Council on Tuesday it was apparent something was wrong. It soon proved to be a matter of im Eortance, for a messenger was seen unying to and fro with papers, and presently the lion, gentleman came to attention and rose with much dignity. "It's another no-confidence motion," was the whisper; but no, it was a personal ex planation that he had made an error. No, never ! The Pope might err, but not Mr. Tomkinson. He administered to the re porters a well-sugared pill, which after all did not taste so bad as it looked. Like the clown in the circus it was a hearty grip with the right hand and a box in the ear with the left. " Mr. Boodles is such a dear nice old gentleman we all love him so much. He looks like a lion, but he's as harmless as a dove," might be applied to Mr. Tomkinson, who really is not much more dreadul in his fury as a kitten in its play. His explanation was that he did not use the word "disgrace" in a certain sense when referring to Dr. Cockbnrn. The shorthand writer who looked up his notes found them very distinct, and there was the word and the sentence as reproduced in print. "He might have turned his back on the President and the reporters to address Mr. Cotton." There the feline quadruped was out, and ye gods, Mr. Tomkinson had made an apology 1 Not content with having an ill-conditioned gallery wherein the reporters are alter nately suffocated and subjected to draughts which would give a steam engine whooping cough, members fre quently turn their backs on the reporters just as they are about to give utterance to them most valued phrases. Mr. Tom kinson is one, of the greatest sinners in this respect. In the discussions which have taken place as to the necessity of providing better accommodation-for the " Lords"' not a syllable was 'mentioned about the reporting gallery, though, it is notorious that the Press Gallery of the Legislative Council -would do little credit to a third-rate taproom. Though quasi officers of Parliament, the "Hansard" reporters, are not even provided with a room wherein to write up their turns, and must perforce transcribe their notes hour after hour amidBt a babel of voices. In the "good old days," when the reporters used to while away the time by playing marbles while speakers orated, this did not matter so very much, but now members must be reported fully, or it is look out f6r squalls or "personal explanations." Turning to the Assembly, I have often /wondered what listeners above the clock in the gallery think of the debates, it is said the ghosts of Coroner's jurymen haunt those seats and yawn unmercifully over the diy-as-dust discussions. Perhaps they do, but if they could be made to speak their experiences would be infi nitely more interesting than what we hear from hon. members. I have had supplied from members of the public a measure of their sentiments on the proceedings of, members. It is perhaps good for legisla tors seeking a glorious resurrection after the" approaching dissolution that the electors do not attend often or in great numbers to hear them, for there is such a state as oblivion. My first contributor writes about MR. GRAINGER'S SMILE. It is seldom that Mr. Grainger when speaking smiles. No, there is almost the ap pearanoe of earnestness in that rigidity of feature. Determination is exemplified in the way in which he holds bis ohin, truth con vincing truth in the eloquent flourish of the index finder or unanswerable argument as he places it in hie left hand, but Beldom a smile. On the purchase of the Grange Railway the House had a treat. Mr. Grainger smiled a seraphic sort of smile as near an approach to a broad grin as oould be expeoted for £200 a year and trimmings. What caused that smile, that contagious smile, which permeated the whole House ? Only the recollection of having made in one day £300 out of sales of Grange Railway shares. Mr. Grainger seemed to translate himself back to the past smilingly. Shrugging his shoulders he dived with both hands into hie trousers pookets. Then with a little Btart, perhaps at not finding those sovereigns, the smile vanished. A frown came in its place as he thought of the loss to the country caused by Mr. Brooker'a oonductin having been the means of getting an early train for the convenience of five blookers and a possibility of a special being required on the Grange line for the convenience of some ad vanced sohool girls. A second contributor, who recognises that a member of Parliament has a right to break a promise if the people do not invent machinery to compel observance, had liis biliary organs stimulated by Mr. Caldwell's free-breakfast speech. He PARLIAMENTARY BORES PUT DOWN. Mr. Caldwell said the remission of the duty on tea was tantamount to conferring a bonus and encouraging countries that produced the article with cheap labcur. Who pays the dutyt Is it immoral to drink tea until we satisfy ourselves by certificate that the growers' profits are high and that the labourers are employed under the eight-hours system at satisfactory wages ? But Mr. Caldwell assured us that " tea iB not a necessity." Neither is a member of Parliament a necessity, and yet we do not abolish his salary. A politician is a sooial beverage like tea, wholesome in modera tion, not otherwise. When Mr. Caldwell records his vote in favour of a stock tax he will not forget that roast beef is a luxury, of course. But Mr. Caldwell excels himself when he approaches the remission of duty on kerosine. He is determined that he shall be written down an asB. In his own words here is his .reason.. " Within thelast twenty-fourhoursa gentleman of experience told him that in different parts of the colony he muBt have superintended at least a thousand bores, and that he was im pressed with the belief that Sonth Australia had a considerable area of shale country." A thousand bores put down unsuccessfully is surely evidence of the absence of oil-bearing shale, but the experience gained should be useful in pointing ont to the electors the way to effectually put down oertain other bores from which much gas of a non- illuminating quality, but nothing else, prooeeds. 