KAPUNDA. COURSING CLUB. Patron, Mr. H. Dntton; President, air. I\ James j Vice-Presidents, Messrs. P. ML Miller. J.K. Smith, Hon. J. Coles, Br. C. W. Hamilton, Dr B. Giyun, J. W. White, M.P., J. K. Shannon, Shannon, J. Xi. Whitaker, G-. Kidman, Ij. McBean, S. Alderman, J. W. Daw, John Hnuter, A. Shannon, Jas. Poole, A. Harris, M. Thomson, H. Varley, John Moyle, D. Moody, W. Oats; Hou. Secretary, Mr. H. Fawcett. Tiie Kapunda Coursing Club's '92 meeting has been an immense success. The club all through has been specially favored. Last year the meeting was very successful, so much so that the more sanguine of mem bers, when the meeting of this year was spoken of, were led to agitate for a state that would eclipse any in the colony, and at last, in the face of some opposition from those who were less hopeful, they carried their point, the stake being fixed at .£118 9s., divided as follows:-Winner, J26Q; runner up, <£30; third dog, ,£10; three dogs, JS3 each; and six dogs, J> 1 lis. 6d. each. Such a stake as this was a big undertaking for a country town, but the nominations proved that the expectations of those who sug gested it were not too great. The limit to 48 dogs was exceeded by 25, and as the draw-out involved the loss of some very clever dogs the pity was freely expressed both amongst members of the club and outsiders that the stake was not made an unlimited one. However, whilst it was to be regretted that some of the best dogs nominated had to be excluded, the club has much to congratulate itself upon in having to exclude dogsrather than to reduce the stake pro rata. The kindness of Mr. Dutton was again successfully requisitioned for the use of a portion of the beautiful Anlaby Ectate, and the weather could not have been better than on Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday, on which days"the stake wasru i off. The late rains had made the ground pleasant for coursing on, and the hares had been strengthened by the new grass after the debilitating drought of the preceding few months. Before eight o'clock on Tues day morning vehicles of all lands, loaded with enthusiastic sportsmen and their canine companions, were leaving Kapunda for Anlaby, which was reached about an hour later, the rendezvous being the Kapunda side of the stream in the " Light Paddock," where the party were met and welcomed by Mr. P. M. Miller. The drive was a fine one, the air, clear and exhilarat ing, had given all a red-hued cheek, and half-an-hour was spent in pacing the turf to warm one's toes and in criticising the greyhounds. There were a number of visitors from towns north, south, east, and west of Kapunda present, the most conspi cuous figure amongst them being thatof the hale, jolly old Mr. Harper, of Turretfield. Mr. Harper is an earnest sportsman, his long experience has taught him everything, and he talks away with an avidity and attractiveness that commands the attention of those around him. The Hon. Jenkin. Coles and Mr. J. W. White were also present. As the morning wore on the attendance increased, and after lunch there must have been quite 3t » people following the slipper, on foot-, on horseback, or in vehicles. Some of the stewards who were deputed to control the public, complained of the want of judgment on the part of the spectators; but, though it might have been annoying to have to be constantly request ing them to keep behind the slipper and to cover as little ground as possible in width, the crowd beliaved welL It should be mentioned that a number of ladies came on the ground in the afternoon, and appeared to be as much interested in the sport as the sterner sex. At lialf-past nine the first pair of dogs-Cyclorama and Pearleaf were placed under the charge of Mr. M. Fairy, the slipper. Before the " beating" began, Mr. JJ. E. H. Hope, the judge, said he wanted to explain how he intended to interpret the iule referring to a dog stop ping during a course. There was a differ ence of opinion on the meaning of the rule, but the meaning he put on it was that any points gained by the dog before stopping should count, but no subsequent ones should. The same thing applied to cunning running. The beat was then ordered on. It was on this ground last year that some good runs were got, but this year hares were scarce, and pretty well half an hour had to be spent in beating before a rodent could be fonad, when Cyclorama and Pearleaf were slipped to a no course. The hare was a rather weak one, and had not become aware that it was being chased until both dogs pounced upon him and tore him to pieces Another hare was soon afterwards turned up, the dogs not sighting it, but a little further along they were slipped to a fairly good, one. Both dogs kept well together, but they were at too great a distance to dis tinguish which was doing the most work. The judge returned with the Cyclorama color, red, flying. The favorite was thus beaten. Another favorite, Triplet, was put dojrai by King Bounce in a good course. Bounce was the first away from the slip?, but when rising ground was reached Triplet led, and then a give and take course followed to the end. Nora Darliag and Oliver Cromwell were loosed to a pretty strong hare, the dog making the pace for a time from the sight, when Nora passed liim, but only to be quicldy displaced. She again, after several changes, assumedlead,and won. It was a long course, but very little work was done, the hare keeping his ground welL Justice and Wildfire were sent off to a no course, Justice not seeing the hare and ran about aimlessly. The run v. as unfor tunate for Wildfire, as she proved her name appropriate by the determination with whicii she pursued the hare, and must have gone nearly a mile into the scrub on the head station side of the river. These dogs were not ordered into the slips again im mediately, but when put in again Justice was the first to sight, anc". literally ran away from Wildfire. When the dogs got on even I81?18 j *?me was too short for much wort to be done by either dog, but Justice was declared to have done best. The course between Gelert and O.K. was looked upon as being the run oi the day. Unfortunately a view of the whole course was not ver mitted, the hare making for the t«rub on the top of the hilL trelert led up the hill with O.K. close up, and in this position they were lost to view. Gelerfs colors, was flying as the flag steward emerged from the scrub. The judge said the kill was brilliant, Gelert winning by one point, which was gained by a lucky MIL It was a close run. The only two black and white sluts in the nominations were paired in the draw-Splendora and Freedom. The dogs were slipped on the side of the hill, and they could not be distinguished as. they went zip the rise, so which dog was leading cannot be said. Up to turning round the hill no work was done. It was a very long course, and it was said Splendora behaved splendidly towards the end, and her color was put up. Competency and Bell U. wiere sent away in the scrub, and as the country was very undulating, were soon out of sight. Bell II. gained the greater number of points. By this time smoke was seen to be rising several hundred yards distant, and with spontaneous development of instinct the sportsmen made in that direction, soon to come into sight of steam ing boilers and tables laden with sandwiches. They needed no telling what it meant, as Mr. Miller and several assistants were seen busy setting out cups and glasses and cutting sandwiches. When all had assembled, Mr. J. N. Smith said Mr. Dutton had very kindly provided lunch , for the members of the coursing club, j but all present were welcomed to help them- | selves. They did with a pleasure and readiness which said much for the atmos- j phere of Anlaby. A liberal quantity of J tea was provided for the teetotallers and Fotheringham's ale for those whose wants required *' something more substantial," as some say. Lunch over, Pearleaf was put into the slips with Sam Weller to r un a bye, Mermaid having been withdrawn in conse quence of an injury received on the previous day when going through a fence. The slipper had not proceeded far when Pear leaf broke away, and O.K. was substituted. Difficulty was experienced in turning up a hare, and when one was sighted O.K went with the lead for a short distance when Sam took up the running, and won a good course. The Sluggard and Juno course resulted in the white flag being hoisted. Another peculiarity of the draw was shown in the meeting of Demon and Tom Har rington, two of the biggest dogs on the field, the former weighing 70 lbs. and the latter 75 lbs. Demon got away from the slips in front of his rival, but Tom soon forced him to ran give and take. His staying" powers gave an advantage towards tlis end, but the hare was too strong, and both dogs " caved in," Tom winning. During the day Tom met with an accident when going through a wire fence, by which one of his forelegs was very badly cut. The course between Max and Fancy Queen was a "gruelling" one. Both dogs ran well, but Max was too fast for the Queen. Colleen Lass in her run with Forest King did not distinguish herself, frequently running'wide, and Forest King won rather easily. Chemist and JJuby, the winner of last year's stake, were the next in the slips, and an unsuccessful attempt or two was made to get them to sight hares. When they did, Chemist was first on the track. He was, however, soon overtaken by Ruby, who put in some nice work. The hare was a cunning one, and made some very sharp turns, and the pursuers had to describe some smart angles. Euby scored the greater number of points. Jean won her course from Herd Laddie. The run was a rather long one, and was partly in the scrub. _ Hav ing got away to a no course Disraeli and Comet were returned to the slips for a short T in which Comet came off the better. Miss Harrington and Dauntless Mr. Fahy sent away trom a fine slip. The slut led for a good distance, when Dauntless overtook her, and they favored one another. Miss Harrington did most of the work, and her color was put up. The sun was by this time getting well down in the west, and as only eight more runs were required to complete the first round, a little hurry appeared to be shown. Strathmore and Bedskin were slipped to a hare at a distance which they lost before getting near it. They were not back in the slips long before another rodent was seen scampering along between the tussocks. Strathmore was well away before Bedskin could get up pace, and when he was overtaken _ he quickly regained Ms position by giving .Rarislrin the go-bye. The red flag was hoisted. Barley Bree won from Exile in a short course, and Orizaba and Venture were not long away before the color of the former was being shown. An undecided course was run by Bluey and Unlucky Guss, the points being equal. The day hgrl now almost too far advanced for cour sing. No doubt the judge, who kept well upon his dogs, could see, but it was not so with the spectators, and the opinion was generally expressed that as the meeting was bound to extend to the third day, it would be wise to stop the coursing for the day. Marley's Ghost won from Flying Cloud, and Euchre won from Jezebel. This finished the day, and a start was at once made for home, Kapunda being reached shortly after six o'clock. Mr. Arthur Fawcett did good service to the several injured dogs by his timely treatment. Wednesday's proceedings were opened on the country near Julia Creek with a bye for Unlucky Guss (who had run an unde cided with Bluey on the previous afternoon) Mr. Johnstone's dog not being up to time. Hecla won a short course from Veronica. Broken Hi'l, whose feet were very sore, ran a bye, but stopped about a hundred yards from the slipper. This completed the first round. Cyclorama and King Bounce were the first in the slipper's hands in the first lies. These two dogs were put in the slips with the wrong colors, but the mistake was immediately noticed and rectified. A good course ended in Cyclorama's favor. " Nora Darling failed to appear when called, and Justice ran a bye. Gelert found his superior in Splendora, who beat him in a long course. After hunting for some time a hare was put up who ran right up the hill, and Bell II. and Sam Weller were sent on his track. Bell did a good deal of work "going up the hill, but Sam got in and went right away from his opponent. This was the roughest run of the meeting, being over rocks and large boulders. The injury received by Tom Harrington on Tuesday prevented going into the slips with Juno, who ran a bye, and Max won his course with Forest King cleverly. The Ruby and Jean run was one of the most exciting, and was very smart. Slipped on the top of a the dogs ran so much on the give and take principle that many of the spectators thought Jean had won, but the judge returned with Ruby's color up, and said she had won by four or five points. Noon having arrived, the sportsmen were again invited to enjoy Mr._ Button's hospitality. A calculating sport infoi ms us that the gathering was composed of 41 vehicles, 79 horsemen, and 71 persons on foot. The inner man having been appeased, Comet and Mis3 Harrington were sent on a very long course, and the flag went up for Comet after a deal of strong work. The next two courses- Strathmore and Barley Bree and Orizaba and Unlucky Guss-were long ones, white winning in each instance; but Marley's Ghost and Euchre ran a short course, in which the Ghost made most points. The finishing course of the day was a bye for Hecla, Broken Hill having been withdrawn. Hares were very scarce ^ H day, and a lot of walking over rough country was done. When the party met at the river to prepare for leaving for home, Mr. J. N. Smith gathered the specta tors around him, when he mounted a buggy, from which he made a few very appropriate remarks in expressing t*he indebtedness of j the coursing club and their patrons to Mr. Dutton for his kindness in placing at their I disposal portions of his magnificent estate. (Applause). On behalf of the club, he heartily thanked Mr. Dutton. Mr. Dutton, in replying, said he was very pleased indeed to see them enjoying themselves on the estate, but he regretted that game had been so scarce. He hoped the next time they came out they would enjoy themselves better. The estate would be at the club's disposal for coursing meetings at any time. (Cheers). Three cheers were then lustily given for Mr. Dutton. Game was very scarce on Thursday, only about half a dozen being seen up to mid day. The ground traversed was the same as on the first day. ANLABY STAKE. Anlaby Stake, limited to 48 dogs at JBl lis. 6<L Winner £60, runner-up JJ30, third dog £10, three dogs i>3 each, six dogs <£1 lis. 6d. each. First Bound. Mr. S. G-. Smith's Cyclorama beat Mr. F. Pearce's Pearleaf. Mr. M. C. Shea's King Bounce beat Messrs. Faschen & Dyer's Triplet. Mr. E. Quinlivan's Nora Darling beat Mr. W. M. Oliver's Oliver CrbmwelL Mr. A. W. Fawcetfs Justice beat Mr. J. McMichaePs Wildfire. Mr. J. W. White's Gelert beat Mr. C. H. Shakeshaffs O. K. Mr. A. Shannon's Splendora beat Mr. F. Frosfs Freedom. Mr. J. Dunstan's Bell II. beat Mr. B. Coombe's Competency. Mr. N. A. Messenger's Sam Weller a bye, Mr. J. O'Dea's Mermaid drawn. Mr. W. T. Burgess's Juno beat Messrs. Willcox & King's Sluggard. Mr. W. Wright's Tom Harrington beat Mr. W. Coulthard's Demon. Mr. S. Roberts's Max beat Mr. C. Penny's Fancy Queen. Mr. A. Davoren's Forest King beat Mr. J. McWhirter's Colleen Lass. Mr. L. McBean's Ruby beat Mr. J. D. Fahy's Chemist. Mr. J. D.' Johnston's Jean beat Mr. W. E. Hubble's Herd Laddie. Mr. A. F. Heinrich's Comet beat Mr. S. L. Dawson's Disraeli. Mr. A If. Fawcetfs Miss Harrington' beat Mr. T. Geier's Dauntless. Mr. A. Bosisfco's Strathmore beat Mr. H. B. Pepperell's Redskin. Mr. L. Hardee's Barley Bree beat Mr. W. Hannan's Exile. Mr. J. P. Orchard'-s Orizaba beat Mr. E. Knowling's Venture. Mr. A. W. Johnston's Bluey and Mr. G-uss Sbeid's Unlucky Guss ran undecided. Mr. A. B. Kelly's I^vley's Ghost beat Mr. M. Winn's Flying Cloud. Mr. M. Hansberry's Euchre beat Mr. F. Buttfield's Jezebel. Mr. G. Scheid's Unlucky Guss rail a bye, Mr. A. W. Johnston's Bluey being drawn. Mr. W. Tonkin's Hecla beat Mr. A. Ver raH's Veronica. Mr. D. James's Broken Hill a bye, Mr. J. J. Mortimer's Last Straw being drawn. First Ties. Cyclorama beat King Bounce. Justice a bye; Nora Darling drawn. Spendora beat Gelert. Sam Weller beat Bell II. Juno a bye; Tom Harrington drawn. Max beat Forest King. Euby beat Jean. Comet beat Miss Harrington. Barley Bree beat Strathmore. Unlucky Guss beat Orizaba. Marley's Ghost beat Euchre. Hecla a bye; Broken Hill withdrawn Second Ties. Justice beat Cyclorama. Sam Weller beat Splendora. Max beat Juno. Ruby beat Comet. Barley Bree beat Unlucky Guss. Marley's Ghost beat Hecla.. Third ties. Sam Weller beat Justice Euby beat Max Barley Bree beat Marley's Ghost Fourth ties. Sam Weller beat Ruby Barley Bree a bye Final. Mr. L. Haider's Barley Bree (by Kildare -Brunhilda) wins tte stake, Mr. N. A. Messenger's Sam Weller runner-up, with Mr. L. McBean's Ruby third. Sam Weller was withdrawn, owing to his being much exhausted and darkness coming on. GIVING A SNEEZE.-The custom of saying " God" bless you" to any one who sneezes, seems to have begun about the year of our Lord 750. According to mythology, the first sign of life Prometheus's artificial man gave was by sneezing, which Prometheus observing, offers up a fervent prayer for the preservation of so singular a being. His automaton observed him, and remember ing bis ejaculation was very careful, on the like occasions, to offer these wishes in behalf of his descendants, who perpetuated it from father to son in all their colonies. This custom is practised among the Jews and among the Abyssinians. HOLLOWAY'S OINTMENT. - Miners and Workers in the Goldfields. This invaluable and renowned Ointment is extensively used and patronized by such people to their very great advantage, being easy of application and portable In small compass. When used in conjunction Holloway's Pills in accordance with the clear and concise directions for use which accompany each pot and box, there are but few of the dis eases which afflict mankind which will not yield to the sanitive powers of the com bined remedies. Holloway's Ointment and Pills dp not deteriorate by keeping nor by change of climate, and as they contain no deleterious mineral drug, they can be used with the most perfect safety under the , most adverse climatic and sanitary condi tions. " BUCHA-I>AIBA."-Quick, complete cure of all annoying Kidney, Bladder, and Urinary Diseases. At chemists and ding gists. F. H. Faulding & Co., Agents Adelaide Herrings are a puzzling. fish. Twenty five years ago they suddenly and entirely disappeared from the Josderen, one of the richest of Norwegian fishing grounds, and did not appear again till recently, when enormous shoals of them turned up at the same spots there as in former years. For Jforty years Ayer's Cherry Pectoral has proved to be the most reliable remedy in use for colds, coughs, and lung diseases. Slight colds should not be neglected. The Pectoral will prevent their becoming chronic. " Come home wit me and have dinner." " I vas much opliged, put I has choost "bad some dinner, Moses" " Ish dot so ?" " Ya, I have choost dined." " I don't believe dot." " I have choost dined, upon my; word of hornor." "Veil, den, come along and eat some more. Ven you have choost dined upon your word of honor you must be hungry." One trouble with the self-made man is that he thinks everybody should be made as he is. Every man has his own particular bent, especially the one whose ways are crookea. 