CUNINGIAnl E AND TIHE NEW SHIRE OF CROA.JINGOLONG. (PROM A CORBESPONDENT.) Shire matters have moved our towns men into a state of activity to whiclh, generally speaking, they have long been strangers. They begin to realise thalt if Coninghame is to become the place of importance to whichl its position and natural advantages entitle it, they moust at least give some assistance to that end. Owing to varionus causes, an agi tation was originated in Orboat to secure the severance of a portion sf the Tambo shire and the formation of a new eastern shire. Cuninghamo was ap. proached on the matter andi entered upon it. Never from the inception of the shire of Tambo has this portion thereof received even a minimonum pro. portion of its own revenue. Injoustice upon injustice has been our lot, and we were powerless to obtain redress. En dreavors have been made by a solid vote to return representatives from hIere, but without success or prospect of success. Notwithstanding the large amount of rates with which we are credited, and that we are the centre of an immediate population of opwards of 600, our roads are dangerously bad, whilst our one street is abominable. The latter is so hald that efforts are to be made to have It repaired at local expense, at least sufficiently for foot traffic, for which it is at times actually impassable. To remedy this unsatisfactory state of affairs it was decided to co-operate with Orhoat in the severance movement, on conditions that the now shire should be subdivided into ridings with a distinct western riding, so that we should at least have some show of secoriog the local expenditure of a fair share of our future revenue. Delegates waited upon the Minister of Public WVorks, urging this desire, andt, I under stand, received a diotinct promiso that the request would be granted. Now, however, we learn that the new shire has been formed without ridings, how or why we have yet to learn. But this we do know, that our position would be worse than ever. Not alone wouldt we not have the ghost of a show to return representativea to the council, but we should La saddled withl a pro rats amount of the heavv liahilities in curred and likely to be incurred in the eastern portion of the shire, and for whilch in striet jusatice we shonld not be mndo responsible. Even shonld the shire be osubdirided later on that burden would go with us to crush out all possibility of the good that could ihave resulted from our in clusion as a riding in the new shlire. As part of one unsubdivided shire our debts would practically absorb our revenuo-for unknown time, whilst, as I have pointed out, we should have no say in the ex penrditure either of our own money or of the general funlds of the shire. At a rmeeting hold Irer on Tuesday night it rwas unanimously resolved that the central committee at Orboot and the Minister of Publie Woriks be communi cated witih, stating that the inhabitants of the proposed western riding must in rsist upon the original terms under which severance was sought and promised boing carried out, and surely united effort on the part of those interested must secure what the petitioners sought and desire. 