Christian t^fenfioiu A convention under the ; dureeiaon of ; a com mittee represfentii% -the various churches in' Sydney, and having for its object the deepening of the spiritual life of the community, was opened on Tuesday in the Centenary Hall, York-street, when there was a .large' attendance, con sisting for the m--st*. part of ladies. The chairman was; /the Bey. G. C. Grubb, and there were also on the platform the Revs. R. .Bavin, J. W. Holden, J. D. Langley, Wm. Scott, W. G. Taylor, T. & Tress, J. Atastin, and J. HilL In the afternoon and' evening: there were present the Eevs. J. East Harrison, Dr. Porter (Ballarat), and John Watsford (Melbourne). The meeting opened with prayer, after which the hymn, 'Jesus, Thine All- victorious Love/' was sung. . . TheEev. G. O. Gbubb, who gave the initial address, based his remarks upon the 80th Psalm, 3rd verse, ' Turn us again, O God, and cause Thy face to shine, and we shall be saved.' He said if they only learned how to pray that prayer pro perly he could promise them a most soul- Btirring convention. They needed that prayer, for in the church, to-day there was strife among them selves, and they were a cause of laughter to their enemies. Their enemies laughed among them selves, and had very good reason to laugh. Any sensible man ought to laugh at the condition of the church to-day; that was to say, a man who did not know Christ.- The man who did not know Christ opened his Bible, and saw most won derful promises of power, purity, and peace pro mised to the children of God. And looking into the garden, where there should only be beautiful flowers, he saw nothing but a collection of noisome weeds. Thab convention had been brought to gether that the Christians present might. humble themselves before their. God. and show the power of Christ. There was only one condition for doing that, namely, that they should be brought into the light . of God's : countenance. Indiffer ence and obscurity had come to their lives, and they needed to b9 turned back again. Several prayers were made and hymns sung, and a short address was also given by the Rev. T. B. Tress. At the afternoon session the Rev. Dr. Porter (Ballarat) explained the object of the convention, and urged his hearers to endeavor to make it what it was intended it should be. - At the evening sitting there was a crowded congregation, when the Rev. G. C. Grubb again delivered an address. Several evangelistic hymns were sung, and short speeches explanatory of Christian duty were also given by the Revs. Mr. Harrison and John Watsford. The Rev. Dr. Porter presided at an overflow meeting, and the address, based on the 29th Psalm, 9th verse, was delivered by Mr. Mill ard. * The convention resumed its deliberations at the Centenary Hall on Wednesday. At 7 a.m. a prayer meeting was held, under the presidency of Mr. Millard, who delivered abrief addresson 'Jesus Himself.' His discourse was listened attentively to by an attendance of about 100. The Rev. G. C. Grubb, M.A., presided at the convention which sat at 10.30. Surrounding him on the rostrum were the Revs. Dr. Porter, J. East Harrison, and John Watsford, of Victo^Ui; W. G. Taylor, Rains ford, Bavin, J. Walker, Clitfoon, and J. B. Ander son. The attendance, which was large, in cluded clergymen, of different denominations. Silent prayer having been indulged in, the con gregation joined in singing a hymn, which was followed by the reading of a scriptural lesson. The Rev. Dr. Pok'&r; delivered an address, basing his remarks on the third chapter of St. Paul's Epistle to the Ephesians. Reference was made to the progress, of spiritual development. The more Christians grew in. grace, he said, the less they thought of themselves. To be filled with the spirit of God meant victory over self. This perfect domination of God over men's souls necessarily came through the fulness of the Holy Ghost — ' strengthened with might by his spirit in the inner man.' The Holy Ghost came to reveal Jesus Christ. He had nothing else to do than to reveal and magnify him. The effect of the indwelling of the spirit was to fill the heart with love. It took away bigotry and sectarian narrowness and helped men to love one another. When Jesus had dwelt in the heart Christians would be something more than Wesleyans, or Baptists, or Presbyterians. Prayer was then offered by the Rev. C. Moon, after which the Rev. Rainsford Bavin gave an exposition of the third chapter in Revelations. Upwards of 2000 people attended at the after noon session, when the president delivered an address on St. John's version of the miracle of the wine at the wedding feast at Cana of Galilee. He also gave an explanation of the three in dispensable conditions upon which Christ showed forth his glory. There were, said he, the guidance of God, intimate communion with God, and implicit, immediate and unquestioning obedience. At the close of the rev. gentleman's address devotions were entered into. At the evening meeting the attendance was so numerous that an 'overflow gathering ' was held in the lower hall. This was conducted by the Rev. J. E. Harrison and Mr. Bidlake. The Rev. Mr. Grubb presided at the larger meeting. After a shori prayer Mr. Grubb asked the congregation to join with him in reading the 103rd Psalm, commencing, ' Bless the Lord, O, My Soul.' He then delivered a dis course on this portion of the Scripture. The Rev. Dr. Porter followed with an address, based on the third chapter -in the Epistle to the Colossians. The Rev, John Watsford, 'the friend of the cannibals,' gave the concluding address. Tub proceedings throughout were most impressive. 