k vtaRY v.gil. A correspondent of a Shanghai journal, writing from Ipukiang, on th.e Yangtse, mentions that he has ecen a eight which is not often, seen even in Obina. This is a man who has taken a vow to watch three years at his mother's grave. The lady died at the end of last year, and was buried, as usual, on the aide of a neighboring hill in the family burjingrplace. 'When the remains had been consigned to the earth the son declared that he would not leave the grave for three years, and bo far he has been true to iiia word. The neighbors took upon themselves to provide for bis wants, and a subscription-list was started, 10 piculs (1831b each) of rice being contributed by his relations and those who knew him. Families take turns in preparing his food and bringing it to him. Others brought straw and poles and made a rude hut for him large enough to contain himself and the grave of hifl mother. The writer saw him when he had already been at his self-appointed task nearly seven months, and says he will -not soon forget the sight and smell. Around the hut there were three well-kept graves, those of his father, brother, and wife, and inside, that of his mother. During the three years of liis vigil he does not wash himself, the straw upon which he lies iB not removed, he does not he docs not come out of the little place for any cause whatever, he speaks to nonei extent, perhaps, occasionally) anil' then only briefly, to his nearest relatives. He spends tlie time muttering prayers and burning in cense at the head of the tomb, along the length of which he ie stretched. The hut is not high enough to allow him to stand up right, and is only a few feet longer than him self. 'One can faintly imagine the foul ness of such a den and, the condition of an unshorn linman being ofter Buch an exist ence ; wha[ he yyiM be Jike at the end of tbe summer I cannot conceive'. 'It does not seem possible thai a 'man should be able to live through tnree years of such horrors — none but a Obinaman could do it,' If he survives the three years he will be highly honored, the officials will go in state and receive him, and report the matter to tbc throne, and he nPiU receive from the Emperor's hand a board containing four characters lauding his virtue. He may also receive some small official preferment, and will thus lip ttr/ill nrVipiHnH fnr. Tim naf- ivnc bhv that although be is alone on the hillside among the graves no ghosts or devils will interfere with him, and poisonous snakes will not come near hjni. gome of (he people wore not qoiLc Sure what hU motives were. Borne said, signifioanUy, that he knew what he was doing — there was not very tench to do and at the end of three yean lying at the grave, being fed by his friends, he wuold likely enough find a comfortable support for the rest Qt Mb patun\ life. 