ORIGINAL POETRY. A PLEA FOR MEREWETHER. THERE'S not another spot on earth So dear as that which gave me birth, And, absent long, I wander forth 'Mid smiles and tears, To see where passed in joy and mirth My childhood's years. But, lo! as weird as some lone ghost Stands each tall gum, that once could boast Of rustling boughs, where, white like frost, The flowers were hanging; And where, 'mid chustering leaves half lost, The birds were singing. Gay as those birds so bright of feather, We've climbed the hills in bands together, While from the sea the stormy weather All blustering came; But now I stand, and doubt me whether They're quite the same. The old Glebe paddock, dotted over With daisies white and flowers of clover, Is gone, and miners' houses cover The well-loved scene-- Yet in my memory long 'twill hover, All bright and green. There ofttimes on a summer's night, When soft the moon shed down her light, We've kindled fires, for smoke, to fright Mosquitoes singing; And struggling flames to chase their flight Went upward springing. But where's the band that side by side Sat round about and, laughing, eyed The curling smoke arise to hide The moonbeams fair? They're scattered far and scattered wide, And Death's been there. And thoughtful Maggie, grave and wise, With sprightly Hannah, quiet lies, While Nancy, with her mild blue eyes, So clear and kind, Has crossed the seas, her native skies Left far behind. Again the faces gather round, Familiar forms flit o'er the ground; Add cries of gladness echoing sound From hill to hill; And those who round my heart had wound Are with me still. But now they vanish, all; and o'er The scene so well beloved of yore, Night, like despair in some fell hour, Come settling down; And overhead dark rain clouds lower With threatening frown. Cold is the wind, and dark the night, And save the feeble glimmering light From distant windows, dimly bright, All else is dark, Not e'en a star comes into sight, To lend its spark. While sadly moans the distant sea, And through the darkness speaks to me Of loved ones sleeping silently Within the grave, Who, in its waters constantly, Were wont to lave; And roamed its sandy shores along A gay and happy thoughtless throng That knew no ill, and feared no wrong, But free as air, Blended with its deep voice the song, All blithely there. Dark Merewether, fare you well; I take away, I'm sad to tell, No pictuire bright on which to dwell. 'Tis most like leaving Some friend, whose tears no hand can quell, Alone and grieving. Oh, ye who at the institute Discuss the wants of man and brute, And speeches make, and shout to boot, And have it printed, Of all your schemes to show the fruit-- D'ye know what's wanted? That you've done much I'm not denying, For streets you have, all smoothly lying, And though some folk be o'er you sighing, Just lamps erect; Your labours then they'll soon be eyeing With more respect. And then my muse with harp will stand; Though hers a rough, unskilful hand, She'll laud your praises, to a man, With all her might; But haste with all the speed you can And get them light. \--M.W. 