DREAMERS AND dfiEAMSl ' ; 'The article in the August number of the “ Contempo-ary ” which will excite- moat interest is one hv Mr F. Greenwood on “ Imagination and Dreams.” Mr Green Wood does not attempt to theorise in any way about his subject, but speaks of what' be knows from his own experience:— i Dream Faces. i Before entering upon the Subject of actual i dreams, Mr Greenwood lingers for a short' , time over what he calls dream-faces :— lit may bo serviceable to' remark (we i read) that visions of this kind some i .times' present themselves to. ns in the dark when we are awake, perfectly ■ sane, unaware of any sort of physical dis turbance, and without, any effort.'ef imagiria i tion. ' .... They are dream'-stuff, so i to speak, and the ptecursers of the dreams i that fill bur minds when quite asleep.' i ■ Quoting from Mr F.' Galton, Mr Green i -woodsays:— ■ - In this way a lady need to peo showers of red roses, which turned into a flight of golden i speckles or spangles; and not only were the i roses presented to her vision as distinctly as ; real flowers in brond daylight might be, but , she could smell the perfume/ •' ‘‘ A FACE, AND NOTHING MORE.” He then goes on to say :— There is nothing like that in my experience, i except’that at infrequent; times of fatigue ! ■ share.the sensations of those who are said to ; have'discovered a rose-scent flowing from! and about them. An’ evanescent but very distinct violet-scent flushes from my ; hands, or so I fancy. But M. Xlanry ’ _and Mr Galton relate stories of faces seen in ' "the ’dark in like manner; faces.seemingly , ‘standing off upou the air, and coming'and’ 1 going as if with a Will and purpose of their ;; own. M. Maury's experience seems to have T 'differed from mine in this particular. In his • ease these phantoms always represented per j sons known to him. In mine it has never been • so on a single occasion ; and the difference is ‘ a noticeable one. As I look at these faces 1 asking myself who was ever like that or that, I And no answer except in a fancied resem blanee to Borne historicali or mythological personage. They strike the view as entirely strange and surprisingly “original.” Pos sibly, Blake's visions were some such faces as these, presented to his eyes in broad day light; 1 am inclined to think so, because his wonderful, dreadful drawing, “The Ghost of a‘Flea,’’is precisely , such a transcript as I could have made by the score had I possessed his pictorial'skill. : Under my own eyelids I have seen MANY A FACE OF THE SAME AWFUL FAMILY; some even more dreadful still, being all astir with animation. Bnt the greater number of them are not of the too terrible kind. After the fact that nothing foreknown or fami liar ’ ever appears amongst - them, the ! next most remarkable thing about these visions is that they often look like the fleet ing embodiment of some passion or mood of the mind; nsnally not the bettermost. Some falces expressive of a ' great nobility and eeVenity appear, bnt 1 -have never seen amongst them the mask of pity -or love, or' any soft emotion. ’ Grief the most despairing, soorn, onnning, pride, hate, inquiry, envious or 'triumphant mockery—no hitman face that ever was seen) I feel sure, displayed t^eae emotions with a comparable fitness and intensity. It is not the characteristic of all hut it is of some to an almost appalling ex tent; and it Blake did see these faces,'either in daylight or in darkness, he had more than his- imagination to draw upon when he depicted the Passions. ’ “ THE OTHER SIDE OF KATn.” Perhaps the most interesting part of this interesting article is that in'which Mr Green wood deals with dreams connected with the supernatural, and the mysteries of the world ^teyond the grave. Wo have only space to ' quote'jthe following example, As an illustration of this more remarkable kind of dreaming I may relate one of a series qf dreams which followed each - other at intervals of a year precisely—a year and a A long time ago a gentleman, who may he called A, lost a child by death. He had been Very fond and proud of the b<y, who was seven or eight years of age, I think, when • he died; Indeed, between the two there had always''been a strong sym pathy, and when the child was' taken the father , was plunged into the deepest grief. Like many another one in the same situation, his thoughts by day and night were tortured by the question, “ Knt vet, is he still in ex istence ? Is there a place in this vastnniverse where I may think of him as living, no matter how infinite the distance, or even if we are parted not only now but for ever and ' Many poor sonls have been tossed about in the same yearning speculations, day after day, month after month, with no diminution of doubf and pain. A. was one of these un fortunates. To this great trouble was added another, which took the shape of a deep and surprising disappointment. At first one of the poor man’s very few comforts had bean that THE BOY WOULD HAUNT HIS DREAMS, j and that they would be together many a .time that way. But it is not invariably true that what yon think of most you dream of most; ana for all his hoping and praying.the father never once dreamt.of his son. ’ That is to say, he never had any such dream for a whole year, oy which time, I daresay, the praying had been given np and the'hope exhausted. But then, on the morn ing of the child’s death, and at the very hour in which he died) the father woke from a wonderful dream, so intimately and touch ingly responsive to the whole year’s grief that it cannot be thrown into the glare of print. It is only mentioned—together with tie fact that after another twelve months of black and empty nights another dream of the saine character occurred at the same hour—in orderto give its own setting to the third "and once again it came’.” The morning had. again come .round. A dreamed that he had awakened about dawn, and; thinking of nothing bnt; the hour to .rise, had-drawn his watch from under his pillow. In doing so he saw that it had been completely shattered. But how could it have been broken so violently, lying where it had haens nugly placed a few hours before P A reasonable bnt an injurious conjecture oo enred to him; at some time in the night the watch had been taken from beneath the pillow by his wife, who had allowed it to fall. Satisfied that there conld be no other explanation, he was abont to drop asleep again to get rid of ill-humor at the accident (this is all in the dream, be it under stood), when the door opened and in came a foreman qf works to whom A. gave instruc tions every day, and between whom and him self there was a great liking. It seemed as if the man had come for the usual draft qf work to be done, and it did not strike As a anything ont of the way that he should be visited in his bedroom for it. Bat he was struck by THE LOOK OF MYSTERIOUS INQUIRY ON THE MAN’S FACE. The next moment he connected this look with the broken watch, and drew it out again; the glass gone, tho hands swept from the dial, hut seeming less like his own watch now. What was the meaning of it 1 While A. was asking himself this question in a sort of ex pectant trepidation, the foreman of works said, "Put it to your ear, sir.” . This A. did ; and, as he listened to the even heat within the other said, “ Sir, we. know how much; yon are sroubled, and this is onr way of showing yon that, thongh every sign of lifeis . destroyed, life may still be going on.” Whereupon A. woke " all of a tremble,” heard the tranquil tick-ticking of his watch under the pillow, and, when he conld compose himself to take it forth, saw that the hands stood at within five or eight minutes of the time when his boy died on the same day in the oalendar. THE USB OF DREAMS. Bnt while,. on the whole, dreams do not farther the practical progress of the world ■ Mr - Greenwood. thinks that they may, serve some practical purpose. Nearly all dreamers can; be brought into: one : theory—namely, that since in dreams we pass' through a great variety .of experiences, .none of whioh ate ever likely, to befall ns in real life, we are put to teBts of character which we should never endure otherwise; and,* there fore,': thatrwe ought to coine to a better acquaintance with ourselves. Thus if I have never been placed in a situation of extreme djinger, as by attack' of murder thieves, or in a burning house (together with othere more helpleSB, perhaps), how am I to know what my feelings and conduct would really be under such circumstances? Think of himself what he may, no candid, man can give a confident answer to that ques tion. It is a common experience to discover inone'sself a surprising1 coolneBS and resource, of:a totally • unsuspected and crushing1 cowardice,'under a sudden severe test. To some such test, it has been surmised, we ate frequently-exposed in dreams ; passing' throngh emotions strong enough to affect our physical senses no less than if the danger Were real—as broken knuckles and quaking limbs testify when we awake—and therefore all the more to be trusted as like to those •which we shonld actually experience if the' dream were reality. 