MORE GLIMPSES OF CHOSTDOM. A GDEAT VARIETY OF SPIRITS, GOOD-BYE, SIS, GOOD'BYE. _ The Society of Psychical Research con tiutio it# investigation# in tho domain of ghost#, and thu latest number of the "Pro ceeding" contain a number of 0:1,01 of u recently coma under 'its untied. A few riKcimcn? of these may bo iuterotin;. _ In o paper by Mr 1. W. Myers on Indien- tions of Cuntinned 'i errt-:.c» KnuwJedgo on tho Putt of 1'hatiUsim of the Dunl, tho particu lar# of iicitto for which tho writer is indebted te J.udy Goro Booth, r.ru given. Her son, then a i;boulboyof it), was Uio percipient, aid her youngoit duughter, thou ngod lCj flbo givoi ii first band amount of tho inci dent, as follows :— Liriadoli, Sliso, February, iSQl. On tho 10th of April, 18S0, »| about half- pat u o olook a.m., my ymuptst brothcrund I wc.ro going dowu a rin.rt flight of Htair# lending to the kitebuu In (etch food for toy obiekeu# ijh u-uir.1. Wo wvro uiumt half- way down, iny biother a few stop in nd- vaneo of mo, when ho auddcnlv naid "Why, there's John Blnney. "f didn't know ho was iu tho hotieo!" Jolm JMnucy v/as o boy who lived not far from u. and iut had been nnplnyod in tho houxo u# hall-toy not b»ug before. I xrtid that 1 was nuro it wa# not be (for I know bo had left mbm month previously «u account of ill- health), and looked down into tho passrtgo, lit.1 mw no ono. Tho |niw.Ku wnn u long ono with a rather abort turn in it, «o wu ran quickly down tbo bwt few atop#, und iookod round tho cornor, but nobody wn (here, and thu only door he could have gnno through was shut. As wo went upbtair# my brother said, " how 1'at.i: and ifx john i.ookkd, und why did be aturo so ?" I unlccd what ho vraBdoiuK. My brother Atiawerod that ho bad hi Hleove turned up, nnd was wearing a largo green aprcu, nuch as the footmen always wear ut tlieir v/orfc. An hour or two after- WfiftiM 1 nskod my maid how lung John Bl jnoy hud been tack iu tlo bim-)e. Hhu accinod much aurprisod, and said, " Didn't von hear, Minn, Umt lie died this morning.1-" On inquiry wu found be bud died about two hours before my brother eaw him. My mother did not wish that my brother should bo told thi#, but he board of it somehow, and ot onco declared that he must huvo awn his ghost. M.uikIk Oi.ivk CloiiK Bourn. This apparition, says Mr Myors— -"uiiIcbs wo explain it as n tolopathin improfsion pro- joJted at tho moment of death and remaining latent for somo hours before it attained cx- tornalbjotiou- nmy pouitly bn taken ah show- ing.Homotbing ol continued motnory in tho departed boy." a "eclji.'i;" ox tin: t.avtn. Another ovon moro extraordinary crso, sent to Mr Myers with tho truo namcfl, 1 a1, with u request to eouecnl tliom and bouio local details on account, of tho painful neluiuof tbo Incident described, is Uio followimr ; \- Our informant, whnm I will call Mrs M., write uuder date loth Drcotnbnr, 1891 . "... Ono night on retiring lo iny bed- room about olovtm o'clock, 1 thought f hoard a rKcuian afoa.vixa flouxn, and somo ouo subbing a' if in giont dLi- tress of miud. I luteuod very nttoulivnlv, nnd stiff it continued : so X raised tbo gnn in my bedroom, and Ihcn went Ut tho landiutf window of which 1 hsvu spokun, drew tho bliud nrida— nud thtro un thu grass v/us a very beautiful youug giriu in a kneuL ing iKtstiiio beforo n »oldi?r, in a geuerul's uniform, untiling, und clu-ping Lor hands in. gcthor, entreating for pardon ; but. nius ! ho only waved hor nwny from him. So much did 1 foelfor tho girl that without a moment'# hesitation I rtiti down tho stniriiaso to tho door opeuing upon tho luwu, and bogged her to como in and loll tno hor sorrow. The figure# then disappeared ! Not in Um lonat nervous did I fool then ; went again to ray bedroom, took n ubcot of writing-paper and wrote down what 1 hud been." Mm M. has found und sent ' u# thi# papor. Tho following words aro written iu pencil on n half-sheet of nolo- paper: " lUtb Maroh, 1880. JI&vo; just noun virions on lawn : — a foldier in general' uni form— u young lady kneeling to him. 11.41) p.m."J ... 44 It appear# tho elory i only too truu. Tho youngest dnuuhtor of this very old, proud family had had an illegitimate cihlhl, und hor parents nnd relatives would nut rocognifta her uguin, and nbo tllod broken, hoarled. lie soldier was u near relnltvo (ab-o a oonnoetion of ray husband'#), and it wuh in vain kn tried to gaiu his — tho soldier'# — forglvonoa." (Li tt subsequent lottor Blr X. Y.'s ouroiir in described. IIu was u dls- tingiiiabod ofllcor.) "Bo vivid wns my ro- meiubriinco of tho fo'iturc of the soldier tbut somo months after the occurrence, whou I happoiiod to bo vailing with my husband nt a house whore there was n purtrait ufhim, I stoppod b-jforo it and said, 44 Why, look : There la tbo General !' And euro enough U an Arr.vtutiox at wftjiminsfkn town italt. Horo fs an Sustanvo wliero tho decedent, who has boon Interested in an ovont which was oloaoly npproituhing when bo died, noouiod to choose the uccaalon of that ovent to manifest his continued interest in tho frieud whom tbo little eriris— n tboalricul porformimoo— oonuoroed. 'J'ho uoconnt of tho nppuriliuu two days after thu death of tho potpou was written down hy Mr Mycr? from tho verbal account of tho prcoipleut, and and corrected and signod hy hor 1 Itli August, 1B00. On tho ovmitng of tho tSaliinlay, '2<>th,1890, I was engaged with my sister aud other friomts iu giviug an ninatour por.'ormiitico uf 'J'iio Autigono, ut tlio VYcslininstcr Town Hull. A imntngo lod down lo levonil dmsliigrooms lined hy tho Indie# whowerotakingpnrt in tho representation, and nowhoro oho. None of the publio hud any burinc.-s down this pus- sage, atlhuugh a friond came to tho door nf tbo dtesniugroom unco tu epouk tu #omo of I w« pusshig from ono drcsniiigrooni lo another, a few stop# further along tho psH- ssgo, juut before going on to tho siHgo, wiioti 1 epwiu tho pitMiiigo, Icunhig ngaisHt llmduor-pus't of thu drt'ssimrroom which I had left, a Mr II. , whom I had mot only twice, but whom I know well by night, auu nu un acquaintance, though 1 had heard nothing of him fur two years. 1 hold out niy hand to him, Faying, 44 OL, Mr IT., T um no glad to see you." Iti tho excitement of tho moment it did not occur to inu as odd thftt ho should liavo como fhu# tu thu door of tho drosihig-rootn— although thi# would huvo boon no unlikely thing fur a mere nequamtftnoo to do. Tbnre was a brilliant light, and 1 did nut froltho slightest doubt iib to liin Identity. IIu was a tuff, singular look ing man, and iwwl lo wear a frock- coat buttoned unusually high round thu throat. I just observed this coat, but noticed nothiug oho about bint specially except bis face. Ho was i.ookino at xk with a had kxprr4siox. When I hold out iiiv hand ho did uot take it, but shook hi# bona slowly, without a word, und walked nway down tho passage— buck to tho outranco. I did uot stop to lookut him, or to think over this strange conduct, being In a great hnrry to finish dressing in tltao. Nuxt day, as a number of u# wore tulklng over the performance, my sistor onlled out to mo. "You will be sorry to hear thit Mr If. is dead." "Surely not," I oxclahmd, "for I haw him last night nt Tlio Antigouo." It turned out that ho bad been doaij two days when I saw tho figure. It may bo added that Mr W. S. Lilly states that be wa» present at u party whoc Lady M. suddenly Informed her sister, Mbu J., of tbo doathof Mr H., and ho loirs witness to Mins J.'s oxtromo astonishment, and her exclama tion. "Why, I saw him tost night at 4 The Antigone T < . . a casb or 41 spimr auARmAremir.1' As regards 44 spirit guardianhip," Mr Myora thinks it need not greatly ntirpriso anyone 44 If that impalpable telepathic con- nsotlon which somctlmts seems to bo long malutainhd between two living persuos ware to persist after the removal of one of th|A . by . bodily death." The writer of ths followlog, who to personnliy known to Mr Myors, to ths wife of Oolonel Wiokhaui, of 7 Comersgh road west 44 On the evening of lfitb Match, 1878, I was drawing rnyseu to go to a dinnor party at AdmtraHy Ilouao, Vittorfosa, Malta. Ihoa aooeptcd Admiral and Mrs — ,'s invitation much agalnstmy wUl.asadesrlriendwaelylng ectooeiy IU at SrlgUtoa. aow«T«rr the latest accounts bad bcon so cheering and hopoful that I had allowed mysolf to bo per suaded by my husband into going. In an' unaccountable manner, but I tried to throw it otf, and auccecdod in doing so to s certain extent : tuff, something made mo turn- my -head round and stare Into my husband' dreiriug- rooin, which opened into tnino. I distinctly saw a hand waving backwards und forwards twice. I ru died info tho room— it was empty. Soon nlturwnrds my husband catno upstairs, nnd I told him what f had rooa, buL ho put it down to /is wo crossed tho water tho cool night nir scumr-d tu revive tno, ntid L began tu touch at myself fur kiting my tmagiualibii play HUuh trick. 1Yu got home, i'iiiioiiuw, and I drnggod my- telf npftatrs to my room, and commenced un- drcsiHing. IV'hiUt tubing down my hair I dihtinctiy felt a hand i'abavn ovki! 1iy hhat) and nftck as if sumeono was as-ihtiug mu. I told my husband— to bo toughed at. I bnulttusny my prayers. Instead of praying (a# I had been uh-d to do), for God tu rniku my friend well, I, without any will of my own, preyed that ho might bv token out of uls misery." I went to bed. Somet hing cwno and lay bo- sido mi'. Iclung lo my husband, who tried to calm mo, assuring tna thcru was nothing tboru lu hurl or frighten mo. a cold itounr shkued to fjiekzu on my ciieek nnd I dlitlnctly henrd. 44 Good-byo, Si#, good- bye," iu rny friond's woll- known voice. Still myliusband declared ho could hear notbiug. £ said, 44 1 em sure Mr Abbott is dead.'' My husband said I wus hymeneal aud over- wrought, drew ino toward him, and hold my hand till I fell asleep— for 1 suppose it was a dream and not a vision I had. Bo thi as it tnny, I saw iny friend como into my room ; a livid murk was across hi fsco. He was DJiMiaBi) in a Niairr-pmrvr, and hi feet wore baro. Ho camo and sat boiidc mu— told me ho was dead— that ho hud left tno soma itiony, nnd beforo ho died had wished to muko tOrno alteration in bi bequest, but tho end had enmo so hoou ho had not timn to do so. IIo repented his 44 Good bye," kissed inc. and disappeared. 1 told my husbund of my dream aud murked tho dato. I'ivo days aftcrwarda a letter with a drop btoul: border uunu to mo fr.un tny fricnuto brother, tolling mo his brothcrbad passed awny at 10 o'clock, tilth March. Allowing far tho dilforenco uf tirno, Mr Abbott must hnvo come to mo either just before ur just after death. Tho legacy left mo wu# an ha had Mated, also tho Xiot that ho had intended to malcu u elungu a# ru- gurded it, but (bough tho lawyer wu scut for he cainu too Into. August, ISOU. Thesu aro only a few of tlio cases given by Mr Myers. — ' 1 Full MallGazettc." 