BOB I(AfiTirs \- Little ,clii|l A new hovel. By BAYID CHBISTIE MURRAY, Amnion of "Joseph's Qoat," "Aunt Rachel, "Ruinhow Gold," dm. . Specially Written, for Australian Papers. f alt, queensland riohts reserved." SYNOPSIS OP PREVIOUS CHAPTERS. Chapter I. iutroducos two lovers and a lass In rural England, and ends with a murderous threat by ono lovor agninsb tho other. Chapter II. brings on tho scene a sensible hsronot, who expostulates with tho sullen "re jected one." The lutter— .Tohn Hotherldge by nemo— resolves to sell out his estate and omlgrato to Australia, tho far-away refuge of tlio forlorn tho scapegcftco, and tho ne'er-do-well. Ohattex HI.— Tho dissppolntodlovMr witnesses tho marriage of his ehwmrr to his rival, Gaorgo lied wood; is overcome by Ids vexation ; but instep of murdering the bridegroom starts sud denly for Australia, speculates, shecsed. bos a strange adventure, and adopts Bob Martin's little girl. OlXATTEn IV.— BobMortin's "pal and pardnor turns up <m tho wallaby trash in search of the "little goll." -whoso proteotor ho claims to ho Sain Potter goto on Hothoridgo's trucks, and follows tho troll to Molbourho. Ha ilnds the " little gell," and makes lovo to hor nursemaid, Chapter V. —Sam Potter sees u bit of Melbourne life, meets aPrcncbnian. who is to reappear in tho story ; tho two got fop heavy ; Ham vtecps with his hoots on, and awakens in tlio Frenchman's mind susplulons of sroroted wealth. Sam has a wrangla vrith Hoiheridgo. CiiiiTER VI.— Hethoridge, now wealthy, turns to any sort of promising speculation. Invest in vineyards. Rides through the bush to inspect a property, loses himself. Awful description of a lost man, faver, delirium, despair. Chapter VII.— The lost raving man is found sheltered, nursed, by two rough but good natured buslimen. A casual uowspapor roveals to thuui the identity of their patient. He disgusts thorn by statements, which thoy regard as lies and deceptions, to ooucoal his trim personality. Chapter VIII.— The first step downward is soon followed by others, mora false, moro degrad ing, moro villainous. Hera is vivid incident onough to satisfy the most voraolous sensation mongor. CHAPTER X.— (Continued). 'No,' said George, 'nobody.' 'Look here, matey,' said tho stranger, hooking him by the coat and speaking with a look and ' manner onrionsly and almost pathetically composed. ' I've had a deal of trouble lately, an' I make mis takes. This is TJjraor in the oounty of Worcestershire, am't it ?' Of course,' Redwood affirmed. 'Well, look here,' said the man, 'if you belong about here, you ean't havo helped hearing talk o' me. My name is Sain Potter. My undo was old Jaok Reynolds, and when he died he left mo everything.' 'I urn very glad to moot you, Mr. Potter,' Redmond answered cordially, putting out his hand. Sam Potter took it half mechanically. ' And my missus isn't here ?' ho said. ' We hadn't been married a month when we lost sight of each other. I know she got to England, for I've talked with tho man aboard the ship she soiled in. I'vo been trying for this two years to get here, and why sho isn't here before mo I don't know-' 'George dear,' Mrs. Redwood inter posed, 'don't you troublo about church this morning.' ' You are right, my dear,' said George, ' I won't. Come down to ray house, Mr. Potter ; if you don't mind we'll havo a talk, and maybe I can be of service to you. You'vo been away a long time, haven't you i ' 'A goodish time,' returned Pottor, pas sing his hand over his forehead as if to smooth a disordered thought. ' Well, shall we go?' ' Yes, we'll go, matey, and thank you kindly.' The bell began to tingle spitefully as if in minatory warning to late worshippers, and thon stopped suddenly. Mrs. Red wood passed luto ohuroh, and the two men walked down tho street together. The bent old foreigner quivered on liis sticks a few score yards away, hut save for that quaint figure the road was de serted. 1 That's a queer old ohap,' said Red wood, moro for the sake of making tatk than for any other reason. 'An old French fellow. I don't suppose ho speaks u hundred words of English, and as it happens thero's nobody in Upnor that oau chango a word with him oxcopt my self. I'm no great shakes of n French man, but I've got a sentence or two, you know, and I think tho old boy likes to hear his native language now and then.' Thoy woro level with the old man a minute later. ' Bong jour, Andre,' cried Redwood. ' Coromong voo portey voo, ce mating ?' ' Bicn, monsiour, tros bien,' the old man nuBwored. 'That's right,' said Redwood. 'It fait, botong, eh ? ' Tlio old man ggvy an inartjoujpte grunt of assent, and Redwood and Sam Potter pursued their iy«y together. ' It pleases hiin,' remarked the yeomen complacently, ' to come across a hit of his own tongue now and thon. That's about all I can give him, but you can seo it brisks him pp a bit.' Sara answored that he dnrod to say it did, uud walked on thpaghtfully until Rodwood ushered him into th« hpqse. Potter sat do wp and sot jhis hat upon the table, He drew out hiq pipe, a hpge plug of tobacco, and a clasp knife. ' You don't, matey ?' he asked. ' A hit,' George answered. ' I'll have asmoko myself.' ' I suppose, ' sqid Sam, shredding his tobaoco coarsmy and rubbing 'it between his palmsl 'I. suppose ypu knew y uncle?' 'I knew him,' Redwood answered, ' as well as I know anybody,' ' I suppose,' Potter began again, 'as nobody " could be likely, to coipb down here and niitke . inquiries without yd.hr hearing of it ?' . Redwood shook his head. . ' And you never hoard about my, littlo missile?' ' ' 'Never- I heard of you, of course | but . I rover even know that you wero married?' j ' I got tqarriefl in Melbourne, in Aus tralia,' said Potter. Ho had' packed bin pipe by this time, and now striking a liioifor match on tne log of Mb trousers, he pulled away for half a minuto in silonco, and then -turning in Ms ohair UBked suddenly, ' Did you ever hear of a Mr. John Hetheridge of these paria ?' ' "We wore boys together,' Redwood answered him- ' Scboolradtes. It's seven years to-day since I saw tho last of Mm. Poor old Jaok. He was lost in the bush and died there.' ' I'm if he did,' Potter said slowly and weightily. 'Look hero, that man was no more lost in the hush than I was, or you was, or tho baba unborn W«s-' ' "Why, look at this,' cried Redwood, snatohing the paper .from the table and searching hastily for the paragraph ho had read to his wife that morning. ' Road that.' Potter read it, tracing tho linea with a olumsy forefinger. ' Oh, I know all about that,' said Pot ter. ' I met Mm in Melbourne when the news was stale. He'd beon dead six weeks when I camo across him, I mot him in his own house. Ho gave mo a smaok at the back of the head, matey, as laid me there for doad. I was in the hospital 12 months along of it. Off and on my mind's withered with it now, and I suppose it always will ho.' 'But why should Jack Hetheridge havo wanted to do you an injury?' asked Redwood. ' That's moro than I con tell you, matey,' Potter replied. ' The only thing I know is, he done it.' 'How did you know Mm?' Redwood naked. '"What brought you in his house ? ' 'I don't remomher,' was tho un expected answer. 'There's heaps of things I can't remember.' Ho passed his hand across his brow again, rubbing it heavily as if by the mere physical pressure he hoped to straighten tho inward tangle. ' No,' lis said hopelessly, ' I can't ro- morabor.' Ho looked at Redwood with an eye altogether vaoant, aud tho yeoman f oared that ho had made acquaintance with a madman. Ho had had no experience of that genuB, and he thought it reasonable to try and argno Pottor out of what seemed an obvious hallucination. 'You say,' ho "began, 'that you saw Hethoridge six weeks after he was re ported dead ?' ' Yes,' said Potter, ' that's the truth.' ' Did you think it was his ghost ? ' 'No; it was him right enough. Ghosts can't Mt a ohap and pat Mm into hospital for 12 months. Tho baok of my head was all bashed in like.' ' "What motive could he have ?' ' Ob, he had motive enough. You make your mind easy about that.' ' Well, what was it ?' 'My head goes wrong,' said Potter. ' I got it sometimes all as clear as day light, and then it goes away again. There's only one thing as I don't forgot. I never forgot as it was Mr. John Hethoridge that done it. I shall find him some day, and when I find him I shall have Ms life.' All this was, of course, to Redwood's mind the merest madness. There was no reason for giving tho poor man's Btory so much as a moment's credence. It was doubtful if ho. , "were oven the man he supposed himself , to be. To fauoy ho was Reynolds's heir and nephew might easily be as dreamy and unreal us tlio rost. He sat thinking thus, puffing his pipe in silence, and had bogun to con sider linw it vould he easiest politely to dismiss his curious guest when Potter" struok tho table with a heavy hand. ' I'vo got it,' he said almost pnsaion- ately. ' It was all about Bah Martin's little gell. Bob was my pal, and it was my right to tako charge of Ms littlo gell whon iio got murdered. Now, I put that, to any honest man, if it wasu't a pal's right moro than a stranger's to tako chargo of a matey's kid whon ho got murdered ?' Had Redwood known tho story ho would have followed Potter easily, hut as it was, tho man's speech sounded like the merest gibberish. ' I said to him, " Look here," I says, "it's this way, mats. I'veoorao in for my property, and me and my raissua is goin' to England by tho ship as sails to- nigbt._ I qhall find my mate's ohild," I told him, "if it costs mo evory penny in the world. You mind that," I pays, " I shall find her whithergoover sho may be." With that I turns my hack on him, and he knooks my brains out. I remember it now,'- he oonoluded, ' as well as if it wore yesterday.' Redwood was unuffeotcdly sorry for tho poor fellow, hut little disposed to givo credence to any of his fanoiBs. ' I suppose,' lie said, after thinking for awhile, 'that you camo through Lon don?' 'Yea,' replied l'ottor. 'Well, did you eallonyour late unclo's lawyer?' Potter shook his head. '1 suppose you know who he is?' 'It's slipped my mind, somehow. I don't remembnr.' 'Well, as it lmppcns,' Rodwood Baid, ' I do. I'll write his address down for you. Thero's a telegraph offico only three miles away at the railway station. You walk over there in tho morning, and sond a message to the lawyor. Yon ask hiiii if lie knows where youi- wife is. That's the best thing for you to do, you' know.' ' Yes,' said Potter. « Thpt's tho thiDg to do.' 'TO BE CONTINUED ON WONO-AY NEXT. 