Wild Rocket, THE KING OF THE WOMBOLONGS. CHAPTER VII.-THE RACECOURSE. BY A.B. BELL, Author of "The Pioneers," "The Lighthouse of Bluff Cape," &c.;, &c.; The Jimberoo show was over, and at last Mr. Storm had triumphed, for he had won the champion prize for Shorthorns. Ever since the Pastoral Association had been established Mr. Campbell had invariably carried off the honours, and it was gall and wormwood to the latter thus to be vanquished by his old and bitter enemy. True, his rival bad imported the great bull Royal Purple, at a cost of something like 400 guineas, and the champion cow had cost only 100 guineas less; so he could hardly have hoped to compete successfully against suoh high- class stock. But the thought of how Mr. Storm would pride himself upon his victory made the seleotor feel his failure keenly. Now, however, the old Scotohman looked for a sweet retaliation, for the morning of the Jimberoo race day had dawned, and Campbell saw that Wild Rocket looked a winner all over. Roland had himself watched and tended the horse with the greatest care. Night or day he had soarcely trusted him out of his sight all the while he was in training. His father had at first rejoiced, and had fancied that the young fellow's fancy for their enemy's daughter was completely banished. But when he saw that Roland took no interest in the exhibition Btoek and neglected the farm work, and that his whole time was taken up with Wild Rocket, and that even at night he would leave his bed time and again to visit the stables, he oould not but remonstrate with Roland on his infatuation. Roland, however, deolared that his heart was set on winning the Hurdles, and begged his father not to mind, for that it was impos sible for him to settle down to anything else till the race was over. The horse certainly did Roland oredit as he brought him out for his father's inspection on the morning of tbe race. He bad not an ounoe of surplus flesh anywhere, and was in the pink of racing condition, his coat shining like satin. Mr. Campbell smiled proudly as he thought of the victory in store over his vindictive neigh bour. At Jimbux station also, that same bright spring morning, all was bustle. The four-in hand drag was at the door waiting for Mr. Storm and the family. The Sydney trainer Corser was rubbing down the Ringer while waiting for Mr. Storm to inspect him before starting off to the oourse, and he growled and grumbled meanwhile to Sandy M'Guffin and Dan, who stood olose by. " I never knew a man take so little interest in a good horse," he said; "blow me if he even takes the trouble to look at him only when I ax bim." " I can't make [him out neither," said Dan. " Why, allers afore, at raoe time, he's been a bobbin' about round the stables as restless as a stumpy-tailed bull in fly time." " Now, hain't that a hoss as does any man oredit?" continued Jerry. "And to think, after my paokin' my traps to clear out for Sydney,* when the old man took that mad gallop, and his beggin' ar.d pray in' and per suadin' of me to stop, that after all he takes no moro notice of the Ringer than if he was a Chinkie's cabbagee moke. Just look at him, boys ! See how I've brought him round arter the old man's nearly bustin' of his biler 1" " Deed he's a braw beast, and I'd gie a bawbee or twa to ken if he ever caught that fleetin' deevil young Campbell. Deil a word has the auld man let on about that chivy," said Sandy M'Guffin." "Hang me," said Dan, " if young Mr. Roland ain't just as close. I met him t'other day out exercising Wild Rocket, and I stops and has a pitch, and gets a praisin' his 'orse, and I tries to pump him all I knows about him and the old oove. But he on'y laughs, and gets on talkin' about Fitzmuggins, and asks was he improvin' in his ridin'." " Yes, that's another nice injustice," said Corser. "Who ever heard on a trainer havin' to break a green new chum into ridin' a horse like this ? Not but the jackaroo has turned out very well. Who'd ever thought suoh unpro misin' material could of bin' taught to take his jumps like he does ? He was all of a blue funk at first. I thought he'd fall off goin' over the bottom rail. So he would, too, if old Storm hadn't a bin' standin' by with a stockwhip. He just daren't fall off. But look at him now! He does me near as muoh credit as the Ringer hisself, and Fitz has that confidence in the horse I believo he'd ride him at a house if I told him he'd jump it. Ah! here comes the boss at last, and there's Fitz. My! Ain't he a dandy?" " Yes," replied Dan, " and there is the sweetest and neatest little lady in all Queens land." The old squatter and Mr. Fitzmuggins, the latter got up in a most elaborate jockey costume, now oame up to the Btables, and Mrs. Storm and Jenny accompanied them to inspect the Ringer. " Good day. lads." said Mr. Storm. " Well. Corser, are you all ready to start? By Jingo, the Ringer looks Al." Mr. Storm surprised his hearers; he spoke as if he was anything but pleased, bo muoh so that the trainer drew himself up indignantly, fancy ing his employer was speaking ironically. " If he don't please ye, Mr. Storm," he said, " I'd like ye to say so straight out. Pint me out a fault, and I'll take it as a favour." " I never saw a horse improve like him," re plied Mr. Storm. "It will be a terrific struggle. You deserve he should win;" and he heaved a profound sigh as he walked off to the drag with his wife and daughter. " I believe the boss has been a layin' odds again bis own hoss," said Dan. " You've struck it, Dan," said Corser. " The old man looked as miserable as a bandicoot, when he seen the Ringer so fit. Well, I allera trains for square men, and this hoss goes to win." " Ain't that so, Mr. Fitzmuggins ?" said Jerry. " Aw, well as I shall be widin' him, Jewey, he must win, but I do not think Mr. Storm will like it. That is how lam going to have my wewenge, by makin' him win. Mr. Storm will know how to tweat me another time," said Mr. Fitzmuggins, who bad by no means forgotten or forgiven the many ratings he had reoeived. " Well," remarked Dan, " whatever the boss's little game may be none of you needn't be afeared of any mean trick on his part. He is as true as steel, and he'll never interfere with your runnin' of the hoss." " Ye are reeght, lad," said Sandy, " but I'm doubtfu' all the same that he wants the horse to lose the race, and he's muokle frechtened he'll win it." "And well he may be," growled the trainer as he rode off, leading the Ringer, Fitzmuggins riding alongside him, both on station hacks. On their arrival at the course Mr. Storm took his wife and daughter to the grand stand, whioh, even at that early hour, was rapidly filling, the speoial trains from Brisbane bringing crowds of all sorts of people; the fashionable and the unfashionable, the just and the unjust, the cream and the sediment, the very muoh under crust and the rioh and plummy cake. Far and wide on every side a rolling cloud of dust marked every country road. Rank after rank of horsemen and long never-ending linos of vehioles were pouring on to the oourse. There every description of conveyance known sinoe tbe Flood could be seen crowded with the country folk—farmers and squatters, teamsters and timber getters, rouseabouta and boundary riders, publicans and sinners. _ There were women sftd ohildren, too, and babies every where—in the squatters' carriages, in the farmers' oarts, the hawker's waggon, the carrier's dray, the stockman's dogcart. In every butoher's and baker's and blacksmith's cart there were ribbons and ringlets, bonnets and parasols. Bush girls oame galloping on to the oourse, many of them riding as gracefully and securely on a man's saddle as if on the safest of side-saddles; heavy men and stout women pounding along on great plough horses; dash ing stockmen careering on half-broken horses, and girls and boys cantering gaily on their ponies. Mrs. Storm and Jenny took their seats on the stand. Mr. Storm was unfortunate enough to tread on the toes of the gentleman beside whom he had plumped down. He turned at onoe and apologised, but his faoe was a study to look at when he discovered the injured party was none other than his old enemy, Donald Campbell. Jenny enjoyed the soene immensely, when she saw them bow stiffly to one another, their heads almost bobbing together, as they sat side by side. Mr. Storm was, as we have seen, a very excit able person and an enthusiastic sportsman. When the first race was called he sent Mr. Fitz muggins to baok a local horse on the totalisa tor. Now it happened that Mr. Campbell had instructed Roland to baok the same horse; and Mr. Campbell was quite as keen a sportsman as Mr. Storm. Both, therefore, took the deepest interest in the race, as there was every prospeot of the Jimberoo horse being beaten by a oraok steed from the rival town of Budgeringa. The raoe was an exoiting one. Mr. Storm, from start to finish, never recognised in his nearest neighbour tbe man he had persistently hated for twenty years; and Campbell, equally intent on the raoe, forgot that the man by his side was the squatter who had persecuted him for half his lifetime. " What a splendid start ?" said Storm. "By Jingo, they are well together," said Campbell. " You can't beat Bob Power as a starter," said the squatter. " Here they come. Brownie looks a winner all over," replied the farmer. " You are right—he'll beat the Earl to a cer tainty." "What a sell if Spitfire wins; she's going the pace." " Yes, she's in the lead now, but she can never stay the distance." " No, she will never keep it; she's only good for half a mile." " Look how Brickey rides the bay." "Yes, he's holding hard." " Hullo 1 Stookwhip's making the running with Spitfire." " Trojan's falling baok; the mare's shot her bolt." " Stockwhip's going a cracker; see, he's lead ing." " Watch the Earl I He's dangerous I Look how he shoots past Spitfire; see, he's now on Stookwhip's quarter. He's in the lead; he'll win if he keeps that pace into the straight," said Campbell. "No fearl He's coming too soon. See, there's Briokey's colours coming through the ruck," replied Storm. " I'm afraid he's too late; Spitfire's beaten ; Stockwhip's played out; Trojan's done; but tbe Earl is four lengths ahead, and running strong." " Ah! but see Brownie now. He's making it hot. Look at him as they sweep into the straight. Brickey rides him like a good general. Look at him, True Blue, Spitfire, Trojan, and Stookwhip, he's passed them as if they were standing still. See- him sweeping up on the Earl." " He'll never do it. Too late, too late." "He will; he will. See how he's still gain ing, and Briokey's sitting down on him. Look, look at the Earl." " Hurrah! There goes the whip! I believe you're right. Andrew is flogging the Earl." " Brownie wins. He's just at his tail." " Lord, what a paoe I" "By heavens, there's a spurt in the Earl yet!" " Oh, it will be a olose finish, they're right opposite, and dead level." " The Earl wins!" " Brownie wins. Bnt nothing to spare." " The Earl!" "Brownie!" *• Brownie it is ! Hurrah!" " Brownie by a head ! Hurrah !" " Its all over, Mary. Ring down the curtain. I've ten tickets on him in the totalisator, old man," said Storm. " Bless my soul, old fellow, how strange, I've ten tickets on him too," replied Campbell. The two men turned and grasped one another by the hand in the most affectionate manner, while their faces beamed with hearty good humour. Then suddenly their countenances elongated, their hands fell by their sides. The raoe was over; each again recognised an enemy. Campbell joined the erowdof men moving down to the saddling paddock; while Jenny, that shrewd maiden, oame very near the truth when she put down the puzzled and mournful expres sion on her father's face to a desire on his part to go off arm in arm with the man he had just inadvertently shaken hands with. Daring the raoe Mrs. Campbell, Mrs. Storm, and Jenny were all intent on watching the two men. The race had but a trifling interest to them. The wives were amazed and astounded, while Jenny positively hugged herself with delighted amusement; and once the two had taken their departure the ladies were almost in one another's arms, eaoh congratulating the other on the possibility of peaoe being established. It was evident from the conversation whioh followed that tbey all knew of the result of Mr. Storm's chase, and his promise to Roland. Although Roland had kept his oontraot, and had no meet ing or correspondence with Jenny, he had made a confident of Mrs. Campbell; and as that lady still oarried on a correspondence with Mrs. Storm, all three ladies were aware that Jenny's fate depended on the Hurdle raoe. " I do wish the Hurdles were run and won ; this suspense is very trying" said Mrs. Camp bell" " Yes, dear," replied Mrs.Storm " it is indeed; but it is possible that our husbands may make friends, no matter what may be the result of this wretched raoe, and then all will be well." " No, mamma," said Jenny, "I am quite sure that if the Ringer will win papa intends me to marry Mr. Fitzmuggins; he thinks I care as muoh for him as Ido for Roland. Daddy will find, though, I have a will of my own as well as himself. But what is the use of worrying? Rocket is going to win, and then I will have two dear old mothers instead of one," said Jenny, looking affectionately at the two ladies. " Perhaps Mr. Storm thought his horse was sure to win, and made the compact with Roland merely to tantalise him," said Mrs. Campbell. "No, no," Jenny replied warmly. "You have the Campbell idea about poor papa. You only know the worst side of his character. He ia too noble to be so oruel. Oh! here comes Roley." Roland's face beamed with pleasure as he caught sight of the ladies, and he oould not help throwing warm looks of admiration at Jenny, whose animated face appeared perfection itself to him, deep in love as he was. True to his eompaot, however, he merely bowed, and seating himself beside his mother, on the opposite side from Jenny, he commenced very artfully to tell Mrs. Campbell all about his prospects in the coming event, knowing well that Jenny was eagerly drinking in every word. He spoke with the greatest confidence, though he had no little anxiety aa to the result, talking of the hurdles as the surest thing in life for Wild - Rocket. After having thus done his best to oheer the ladies up, and to fill Jenny's heart with hope and confidence, Roland took his departure just as Mr. Storm returned. The latter passed Roland without the slightest sign of recogni tion, and as the ladies had disoreetly separated Mr. Storm took the seat Mrs. Campbell had just left next to Jenny, which happened to be the same he had previously ocoupied. Jenny rather wondered at this. She fancied he would have placed himself on the other side in order to avoid Mr. Campbell, who would probably return again in a few minutes. The faot of Mr. Storm taking his old seat pleased all three ladies and gave them great hope. The seoond race was about to start, and soon the men came thronging up, amongst them Mr. Campbell, who had no choice but to resume his old posi tion between his wife and Mr. Storm. This time, however, much to the ohagrinof the ladies, the enemies were on their guard. The race was run, and Native Cat came in a winner by a length and a half, but neither opened his lips till the mare shot past the winning post, when Mr. Storm exolaimed: "Hang Native Cat!" " Hurrah!" shouted Mr. Campbell. " I knew she'd walk away from them!" Mr. Storm had gone down on Native Cat, but the canny Soot had spotted the winner. Chapter Vni.—The Hurdle Rach. The next race was the big event, the Jim beroo Hurdles. The great stakes, 1000 guineas, had attracted a splendid field of horses. In the saddling paddock orowds were gathered round the three favourites—-the Brisbane crack Tippo, the great Sydney horse Rapid, and the local favourite the Ringer. A few good judges and knowing ones cast admiring glances at Rocket but the very faot of his being a brumbie pre-, vented his receiving more than a doubtful look from most of the talent who passed on to in spect the pedigreed favourites. The book makers were busy laying tbe odds, and the totalisator looked like a beehive, with clustering swarms, coming and going, pushing and strug gling ; the numbers are going up with marvel lous rapidity on the three favourites. There was a field of sixteen horses starting, and Wild Rooket was anything but popular on the totali sator. The Ringer's trainer and the Hon. Simkina Fitzmuggins were both swelling with confidence and importance, as they and the Jimbux horse were completely surrounded with a big oirole of admirers while the saddling was going on. A small knot of men were standing watching Wild Rocket as Roland saddled him with his own hands. They were all local men—stock men and station hands, and a few of Roland's old schoolmates, the sons of the neighbouring farmers and squatters. They had all of them heard the marvellous accounts of the wonderful horse. Many bad seen him tearing down the craggy steeps of the Wombolongs in his days of freedom. "Mr. Roland," said Dan, "give us the straight tip. Do you think yourself the horse will win ? We are all friends here." " Well, Dan and all you boys," said Roland, " don't blame me it he doesn't win. Of all races a hurdle race is the most uncertain. But I be lieve be will. If he doesn't I lose what I moat value on this earth." The bell rang, and one by one the jockeys mounted, and paoed their horses on the lawn. The orowd surged up in the grand stand till even the staircases were blocked to the lowest step. Again the squatter and the trainer found them selves side by side. A smile of triumph played round the lips of Mr. Campbell. He felt cer tain of viotory, and especially when he noticed the almost painful look of anxiety on Mr. Storm's face. If Campbell's thoughts had been uttered this is how they would have run :— " He knows I'll beat him this time, and I be lieve it will almost break the old curmudgeon's heart, if he has one. But serve him right; he would have broken mine long ago if he could. This will be a royal revenge for my defeat by Royal Purple." Then as he oaught sight of the sweet but anxious faoe of Jenny Storm as she leaned forward watching with intense eagerness Roland on Wild Rocket, taking his preliminary canter, old Campbell thought: " What a sweet charming little girl that is, and it's a thousand pities she has such an old savage for a father. Poor girl, I believe she dotes on Roland, and if looks go for anything she would make him a bonnie wife but for this haughty old tiger." The hum and the buzz inoreased each mo ment now as horse after horse cantered past the front. Rocket's looks were admired, but few thought muoh of hfe chance in the race. Tippo, with his great record, was greeted with oheer after cheer by tbe Brisbane men, while hundreds of voices resounded in praise of the local horse the Ringer. Then came a well known horse from the West, who rejoiced in the name of Smasher from his inclination to go through his hurdles instead of over them. He was very fast, and the winner of many a flat raoe, and but for his failure to negotiate his jumps properly would have been a hot favourite. Then oame the great Sydney craok Rapid, fol lowed by Bonnie Blink, Chance, and some eight or ten well-known hurdle horses, eaoh with bis string of admirers. The horses moved down to the starting point; the starter was ready with a red flag, on whioh 10,000 eyes were straining; the hum and buzz of voices all over the course and on the grand stand were hushed in breath less, almost painful, silenoe. They had not long to wait. There was a roar and a din as thousands shouted," They're off 1 They're off 1" and as the great volume of sound rose from the thronging orowd, then died down, tbe beating hoof strokes could be heard growing quicker and quicker, and a myriad bounding pulses vibrated in answer to the soul-stirring whir of the rushing feet. All in a duster they came. The Smasher drew ahead just opposite the stand, and took the first hurdle without a rap. Wild Rocket followed close behind, and oleared it in a beautiful stride, a picture to see. Then over, in threes and fours, the remaining horses safely leapt tbe hurdle. Roland knew well the wonderful endurance of his horse, and determined to make the paoe warm from the start. The Smasher's rider also, knowing his horse's failing, made the best paoe he could to allow for accidents. But Fits muggins, Brickey, and the Sydney jockey on the three favourites, tbe Ringer, Tippo, and Rapid, were watching eaoh other, and keeping stride for stride. With deep cunning tbey were trusting to Smasher to break a hurdle or two. But the Smasher surpassed himself for onoe; he jumped his hurdles well, just brushing now and again. Wild Rocket, two lengths behind, took his like a bird, and the spectators were beginning to fear the brumbie, for he and the Smasher were nearly seventy yards ahead of the rest as they oame round onoe more to the straight. Our rivals on the grand stand were too deeply interested this time to utter a word. Mr. Camp bell looked confident and delighted, while, strange to say, his enemy Storm's face ap peared equally so. Both knew that Smasher at that pace could never stay another time round, and both knew that Wild Rooket could do so. The look of anxiety beamed into a smile, even on the ladies' faces, as the Smasher and Wild Rocket flashed past, one behind the other. Roland looked round at that sea of faces, feel ing confident now. His horse showed no sign of distress, and already the Smasher was getting played out. But, alas 1 foolish fellow, that fatal look at the stand cost him dear. Smasher hit his hurdle a sounding smack, and tipping over down he went with a terrific crash on the other side, while Rooket bounding over tbe hurdle alighted on the struggling Smasher, and rolled over, crushing Roland beneath him. Wild shrieks arise. On the grand stand a girl has fainted; a father stands with olasped hands, a look of horror on his faoe; a mother frantically endeavours to push her way down to her boy. "Good heavens! Campbell," gasped Mr. Storm, "I'd sooner have lost all Jimbux than this should have happened. I trust he's not killed. See to Mrs. Campbell. Oh, my poor Jenny 1" But now a glad reassuring cry comes from the orowd below and the hundreds in the stand. "He's not hurt—he's all right—splendidly done, by Jingo. Hurrah!" A dead horse lies on the oourse; a dust-stained jockey stands alongside the fenoe, apparently unhurt. They are the Smasher and his late rider, but where is Wild Rocket ? Away—chasing those flying steeds over tho hurdles at the back of the course. And Roland? —he is there too! Rocket had quickly recovered, and sprang to his feet again; his rider still held his rein, and more slowly staggered to his feet. Crushed, bruised, bleeding, and dazed, Roland stared at the crowds of faces which whirled round before him, a host of gibbering spectres. Tippo, the Ringer, Rapid, Chance, and Bonnie Blink deared the hurdle beside him. Then memory flashed baok. With a groan and a prayer Roland climbed to the saddle and followed. Every horse in the raoe but the dead Smasher had passed him* The favourites were 100 yards in the lead. And now oame the trial of strength. The Ringer drew away from Tippo foot by foot be tween each hurdle, but Tippo regained it all in the magnificent stride with whioh he cleared his jumps. Neither could shake off the Sydney crack Rapid, who hung on Tippo's quarters. At every jump the whole three favourites landed almost together. Still Fitzmuggins felt sure he should win. Tbe last run np the straight wonld gain him a head at .least. The excitement in the grand stand was intense. •• It will be a dead heat!" " The Ringer will beat them on the post 1" "Its Rapid!" "No, Tippo!" "The Ringer!" was the cry. Now locked they go for the final jump, the riders' knees are touching their stirrup irons and jangle together. But what are those bounding hoofs behind, pounding the turf, and ooming with the speed of an express train ? What demon horse and rider are these ? Surely it cannot be Bonny Blink or Chance? The rest of the field have fallen back beaten long before. A small blaok muzzle draws up, the lean game head of a bright yellow bay shoots level, another set of irons jingle their merry tune beside|them. The sleeves of a bright blue jacket, stained with crimson, are brushing the pink arms of Rapid's rider. "It's the Brumbie! Rocket by all that's won derful !" As ail four horses rise skyward over the last hurdle the air is rent with the shouts of the excited multitude. Rocket lands nearly a length ahead from that wonderful leap. The whalebone whistles on the Ringer, on Rapid, and on Tippo, but it whistles in vain. In vain the sharp spur rakes their reeking sides. Roland Campbell is reeling in his saddle, but the demon horse that carries him flies fast before them! Now the sea of faces comes full in view once more. The roar of exoited thousands shakes the air. But Roland heeds not the surging crowd, hears not the uproar of voices. Me chanically he holds fast his plaoe in the saddle. His hands grasp the bridle in a desperate clutch as he flashes past the post. He has Siided Wild Rooket to victory, carried off the urdles, vanquished in peaceful strife his old time enemy, and won the greatest treasure the world holds for him, his winsome Jenny. But Roland Campbell knows nothing of all his triumph. They lift him from his horse and on to the scale, and he falls there an inanimate heap. It seems as if Wild Rocket claims another victim—that the King of tbe Wombo longs has avenged himself upon his conqueror. When Roland fell at the hurdle poor Jenny fainted, but she recovered almost at once. Then, pallid as a ghost, she watched the finish of the race, and her quick eyes detected what both her own father and Roland's in their ex citement and enthusiasm had failed to notice that Roland wavered in the saddle, his eyes nearly closed, and his colours streaked with crimson that ran from them down his horse's Sides as he shot past the post. Jenny covered er eyes with her hand, and falling over on her mother's shoulder, swooned away onoe more, (his time in dead earnest. When Roland had remounted and resumed the race after his fall at the hurdle old Storm shouted, " Jenny, Jenny, he's all right, the boy is safe! I'd give a thousand pounds to see bim win it!" Campbell; who stood by, could scarcely believe his ears. Was this, indeed, his enemy ? The crusty old squatter who had persecuted him for years and years? But he had little time to ppnder over the marvel; the race was too in teresting. "Look, look!" he shouted, "Roland wins! The Ringer and Rapid aud Tippo are all in trouble." " Good horse, good horse! Brave Roland! Brave Roland! Worthy son of a worthy father!" shouted Mr. Storm at his elbow. "He has won the race, and won my daughter." There was no mistaking Mr. Storm this time. Mr. Campbell turned towards his late enemy, who grasped both his hands. "Old man," said the squatter, "I have been rough on you this many a year. But now we must be friends, and Roland shall marry Jenny." Campbell looked straight into his old enemy's eyes. There was no mistaking the warmth of genuine feeling tbey expressed. The enmity all died out of bis heart as he felt and returned that tightening grip. " With all my heart, old fellow," said he.. " I am afraid I have misjudged you sorely ail these years." • " Bless my heart alive, we might have squared matters long ago," replied the old squatter. "But Jenny—where is Jenny?" ' Cries of alarm arose on every hand, the crowd surged round the stewards' room below. "A doctor, a dootor!" they cried. "Young Campbell's dying." " Young Campbell's dead." Jenny still lay in her mother's arms. Mrs. Campbell had flown to their assistance. The two old men rushed from the stand together, -their faces horror-strioken as they heard the alarming cries repeated from mouth to mouth. "He's killed! He's dead!" "It's all over with him!" Tbey elbowed their way in breath less haste through the crush to learn the worst. Fate after all was kind, and Roland Camp bell recovered. Though he had won the great Jimberoo Hurdle Race with two broken ribs Sticking out from his side, youth and hope and a vigorous constitution brought him round. It was touoh and go with him ; but his mother's careful nursing, aided by that of Mrs. Storm, and by the bright 6miles of his winsome Jenny, soon wooed bim baok to life again. Six months after the Jimberoo races Roland, as well and hearty as ever he had been, stood before the altar witn*Jennj Storm. Every one deolared that the sun never shone on a better-matched pair. And such hunting and feasting, dancing and love-making, frolic and fun, as there were in honour of the wedding had never been known in the district. And how about Wild Rocket ? After bis great win of the Jimberoo Hurdles Mr. Campbell engaged a jockey to ride "Rooket home. But no sooner had the strange rider mounted than he found himself describing a parabolic curve, and shooting through the air like a comet—saddle and crupper trailing be hind him. Away sped Wild Rocket, scattering the crowd to left and right, straight for the saddling paddock fence, topping it almost in his stride with ridiculous ease. Then away, and still further away, fleet as the wind. In two minutes' time fainter and fainter the Bound of his hoofs and the waving tail of the great light ning Brumbie as he makes straight for hiß home in the Wombolongs are all the crowd on the racecourse oan hear or see of Wild Rooket. Roland never regretted his loss, or made any attempt to recapture him. He had earned his liberty. And still the great King of the Wombolongs bounds from rook to rock in his own mountain fastnesses with his reunited following, free and unfettered as the breeze that rustles the tree tops above him. But who cares ? He had won the Jimberoo Hurdles; won a wife for Roland Campbell, and won his freedom with them. [the end.] 