CONTINUED FKOM SATURDAY S ISSUE. [ALL RN3IITS RESKKVKB-, NAD A THE LILY. BY H, ttlDER HAGGARD. CoPFRtcilT,- 1891, By H. Rider Haggard; CHAPTER XX VL • The Finding of I Umslopogaas marshattc'd his companies. I 'T'uere is littlelight, left,' ho said, 'but it i jast serve tts'to start theso conies from their | burrows. Come, my brother Galazi, you I lit'ow where the conies hide, take my place | ^nd le.id us.' So Galazi led the impi. l\irn^g a corner of the glen, he came jvifh 'them to a great open space that had h fountain in its midst, and this place "fc'cw full of thousands of cattle. Then he fiSVuud again to the left, and brought thwft to the inner side of the mountain, where the cliff hung over, aud here ffti the mouth of a great cave. Nok\ tu'e cave was dark, but by its door frfto stacked a pile o{ resinous wood ti Serve as torches, ' Here \StUat which shall give us light,'said Galifti, and one man of every two took a torch And lit it at a fire that burned near the mouth of the cave. Then they rushed ill, Waving the flaring torches and with aasttgftvs "aloft. Here for the last time the I|>idaiktfii "Stood against them, and the tott#fe<? 'uttllted up and down upon the WAV'S of war. But they (lid not stand 'fof very long, for all tho Ucavt t/KU 'out of them. Wow ! yes, many Srdrc Killed—I do not know how many. I Know this only, that the Halakazi aro no more a tribe since Umslopogaas, who is named Bulalio, stamped them with his feet —they aro nothing but a name now-. The People of tho Axe drove them out into Hie' open and finished the %ht ?=rtrsr!lgnt among tho cattle^ In one corner of bke 'caVtt \5mslopogaas saw a knot of men clustering round something as though to 'fjWKl it. He rushed at the men and with him went Galazi and others. But w'wti Umslopogaas waa through, by the light of his torch lie saw a tall and slender man, who leaned against the wall of the cave and held a shield before his fnoe. 'You are a coward!' he cried, and smote with Groan-Makor. Tho great aXe ^feftekl the hide, but, mi.-sing tire iiefiS o'eMUd, rang loudly against the fuid as it struck a sweet voice said— ' Ah'! sftlfiicr, do not kill me ! Why are you atvgrj" with me V Sow the shield had come away from its holder's hands upon the blade of the axe, and there was something in the notes of the voice that caused Umslopogaas to smite no more: It was as though a memory of childhood had come to him in a droatn. Hit torch was burning low, but ho thrust it for ward to look at him who crouched ng.-iiiist the rock. The dress was die dress of a man, but this was no man's form— n»y> Wtheb that of a lovely woman, and Well High white in color. She dropped hel1 hands from be fore her face, and. *vo\v he saw her well. He saw e3-es that shone like stars, hair that curled and fell upon the shoulders, and such beauty as was not known among our people, and as the voice had spoken to him of Some thing Vn&t; was lost, so did tho oyos «eem to s'./itie across the blacknoss of many years, and the beauty to bring back he knew slot what. . Ho looked At thegftl S'rt 'Aft Vi'fet loveliness, and she looked it i®¥>. Ih his fierceness and his might, t<xv with the war and wounds. TheJ' both looked long, while tho torchlight Anted on them, on the walls of the cave, and the broad blade of Groan-Maker, and from I around rose the the sounds of the fray\ . ' ' How are you named, who atw Si) fair to see ?' he asked at length-. 11 am named thts Lily now ; once I had another nante. Nada, daughter of Mopo, I was once but name and all else are dead, and 1 go to join (hem. Kill me and make an end. I will shut- my oyes, that I may not see the irreat axe Dash.' How Umslopogaas gazed upon her again, and Groan-Maker fell from his hand. ' Look on me, Nada, daughter of Mopo,' he said in a low voice , 1 look at me and say who am I.' She looked once again and yet Itgain. Now her face was thrust forward as one who gazes over the wii^o of the world ; it grew fixed and strange. ' By my heart,' she said, ' by my heart, you r.re Umslopogaas, my brother who is dead, and whom dead as living I have loved ever and alone.' Then tho torch flarod out.but tlilislopogaas took her in the darkness anil pressed her to him and kissed lltjr, tho sister whom he found aftel- litany years, and she kissed him. ' ?ou kiss mo now,' she said, 'yet not long ago that great axe shore my locks.missing me but by a finger's-breadth—and still the sound of fighting lings in my ears ! Ah ! a boon of you, my brother—a boon : let there bo no more death since we arc mot once more. ■ The people of the Halakazi are conquered, and it is their just doom, for thus, m this same way, thev killed those with whom I lived before. Yet they have treated me well, not forcing me into'wedlock, and protecting me from Dingaan ; so spare them, my brother, if you may.' Then Umslopogaas lifted up his voice, commanding that the killing should cease, and sent messages running swiftly with these words : v This is the command of Bulalio : that he who lifts hand against one more of the people of the Halakazi shall be killed himself;' and the soldiers obeyed him, though the order came somewhat late, and no more of the Halakazi were brought to doom. They were suffered to escape, except those of the women and children who were kept to be led away as captives. And they ran far that night. Nor did they come together again to be a people, for they feared Galazi the Wolf, who would be chief over them, but they were scattered wide in the world, to sojourn among strangers. Now, when the soldiers had eaten abund antly of the Btore of the Halakazi, and guards had been sent to ward the cattle and watch against surprise, Umslopogaas spoke long with Nada the Lily, taking her apart, and he told her all his story. She told him also all the tale that you know, my father, of how she had lived with the little people that were subject to the Halakazi, she and her mother Macropha, and how the fame of her beauty had spread about the land. Then she told him of how the Halakazi had claimed her, and of how, in the end, they had taken her by force of arms, killing the people of that kraal, and among them her own mother. Thereafter, she had dwelt among the Hal akazi, who named her anew, calling her the Lily, and they had treated her kindly, giving her reverence because of her sweet ness and beauty, and not forcing her into marriage. 'And why would you not wed, Nada, my sister,' asked Umslopogaas, 'you who are far past the age of marriage V ' Nay, I do not know,' she answered, hanging her head ; ' but I have no heart that way. I only seek to bo left alone.' Now Umslopogaas thought awhile and spoke. ' Do you not know then, Nada, why it is that I have made this war, and why tho people of the Halakazi are dead and scattered and their cattle the prize of my arm 1 I will tell you : I am come here to win you, whom I knetv only by report as tho Lily j maid, the fairest of women, to be a wife to Dingaan. Tho reason that I began this war was to win you and make my peace with Dingaan, and now I have carried it through to the end.' Now when she heard these words, Nada the Lily trembled and wept, and, sinking to the earth, she clasped the knees of Um slopogaas in supplication : ' Oh, do not this cruel thing by me, your sister.' she prayed ; ' take rather that great axe and make an end of me, and of the beauty which has wrought so much woo, and most of all to me who wear it! Would that I had not moved my head behind the shield, but had suffered the axe to fall upon it. To this end I was dressed as a man, that I might meet the fate of a man. Ah ! a curse be on my woman's weak ness that snatched mc from death to give me up to shame ! & Thus she prayed Umslopogaas in her low sweet voice, and his heart was shaken in him, indeed, he did not now purpose to give Nada to Dingaan, as Baleka was given to Chaka, perchance in the end to meet the fato of Baleka. ' There are many, Nada," lie 3aid, 'who would think it no misfortune that thoy should be pi veil as a wife to the first of chiefs.' ' Then I am not of their number,' she ans wered; 'nay, I will die first, by my own hand if need be.' Now, Umslopogaaa wondered how it camo about that Nad.i looked oil marriage thus, but he did not speak of the matter; ho said only, ' Tell me then, Nada, how I can de liver myself of this charge. I must go to Dingaan as I promised our father Mopo, and what; shall 1 say to Diug&an; when he asks for tlie Lily whom I went out to pluck and whom his heart desires ? What shall I say to J save myself alive from the wrath of Pin SWRftv , Then Nada thought and answered, ' \ou shall say this, my-brother. You shall tell! him that the Lily, being clothed in th* Vr'it dress of a warrior, fell by tnince in the fray. See, now, neti-j 'it your people know that you h»V^ tound me ; they are thinking of (Stll'et things than maids in the hour of their victory. This, then is my plan ; we will search now by the starlight till we find the body of a fair maid, for, doubtless, some were killed by hazard in the Ggllfy uVid bh her we will set a warrior's dress, and lay by her the corpse 'or one of your o wn men. To morrow, at the light, you shall tako the captains of your soldiers and, having laid the body of the girl in the dark of the ctn'e, you shall show it to them hurriedly, aim tell them this was the Lily, slain !\y ^Vci ot your own people, wl^om im your wrath you slew also. TheV foiii not look long on so common a sigtil, and if by hazard they see the maid, and think h<?r not so very fair, they will deemlnftl ifc is death which has robbed her of her comeliness. So the talo which you must tell to Dingaan shall be built up firmly, and Dingaan shall believe it to be t^ueO . ' And how shall this t)fr, Ivada V asked UmslobogaTW. 1 How shall this be when meUftee you among the.captives and know yollby your beauty ? Are there, then, two such Lilies in the land ?' ' I shall not be known, for I shall not be seen, Umslopogaas. You must set me free to-niglit. I will wander hence disguised as a youth and covered with a blankot, and if any meet mo, who shall say that I am the Lily ?' - . ; «• ' Anil where will £oii fralittBf, JsWaR i To yout death ^ wei ttittll, meet after so mai^.yefv'rs <ij again for ever T ' Where was it tlmt you said you lived, my brother 1 Bone<\th the shade of a Ghost Mountain, that men may know by a shape of stone which is fashioned like an old woman frozen into stone, was it not 1 Toll me of the road thither.' So UnislopogaitB told hor tho road, and she listened silently > 1 Good/ she stvld. 11 a In strong my feet aria swift j bterh^S. they ma'V gfejrVte. itb bring jnfc^qtarV nn'i ftw-ifrpi, it I fttn the Mia'doW Uf "tUiit Mountain, you will find rile a hut to hide in, Umslopogaas, my brother.1 * Surely it shall be so my sister,' answered [ UmsIopogftAS, ' and yet tho w«y is long and many dangers lie in the path of a maid journeying alone, without food or shelter,' and as she sp"ke Umslopogaas thought of Zinita, his wife, for lie guessed that she would not love Nada, although sho was only his sister. ' Still, it must be travelled, and the dangers must be braved,' she answered, smiling. ' Alas ! there is no othet way.' Then Vms'opogftas summoned OalnSi the ( Wolf ahd told him his ntotyj for Galnzi was the oliji- iliilH whom ho could trusi. The Wolf listened in silence, niat veiling the while at the beauty of Nada, as the starlight showed it. When everything was told, ho Baid only that he no longer wondered t hftt the people of the Halakaai had defied l)ingiuili and brought death Upon themselves for the take of tills maid. Still; to be pUiti, his hsart thought ill ot the Ulattet, ,foy dbittii ttili hot done with ; tlibH) before 'them sHon'e SVAr '6? Death and ho pointed to the Now Nada trembled at his words of evil omen, and the Slaughterer grew angry, but Galazi would neither add to them nor take away from them. 11 have spoken that which my heart hears/ he ahslVer'ed. Then be ¥oSe and went to search among thtt i'caa for a girl who would suit their pur pose. Soon they found one, a tall and fair maiden, and Galazi bore her in his arms to the great cave. Here in the cave were none but the dead, and, tossed hither and thither in theic last sleep, they looked awful in the glare of the torches. ' They sleep sound,' said tho Lily, gazing on them ; 1 rest is sweet.' • We shall soon win it, maiden,' answered Galazi, and again Nada trembled. ' Then, having arrayed her in the dreas of a warrior, and put a shield'and a spear by her, they laid down the body of the girl in a dark place in the cave, and, finding ft dead warrior of the Peple of the Axe, placed him beside her. Now they left the cave, and, pretending that they visited the sentries, Uinslop<>i>aas and Galazi passed frolll spot to spit, while the liily walked after t'.iem like n euili-d, hiding her faco with a shield and hold ing a spear in her hand, and having with her a bag of corn and dried flesh. So they passed on, till at length they came t« the entrance in the mountain side. The stones that had blocked it wore pulled down so as to allow those of the Ifalakazi to fly who had been spared at tho entreaty of Nada, but there wero guards at the entrance to watch that none came back. Um-Jopo gaas challenged them, and they saluted him, but he saw that they wero worn out with battle and with journeying, and know little of what they saw or said. Then he, Galazi, and Nada passed through the opening., on to the plain beyond. Here the Slaughterer and the Lily bade each other farewell, while Galazi watched, and presently the Wolf saw Umslopogaas return as one who is heavy at' heart, and caught sight of the Lily skimming across the plain lightly like a swallow. ' I do not know when wa two shall meet again,' said Umslopogaas so soon as sho had melted into the shadows of the night. ' May you never meet,' answered Galazi, ' for I am sure that if you meet that sister of yours will bring death on yet mare than those who now lie low because of her loveliness. She is a Star of Death, and when she sets the sky shall be blood red.' Umslopogaas did not answer, but walked slowly through the archway in the mountain side. ' How i» this, Chief T said he who was captain of the guard. ' Three went out, but two return.' ' Fool!' answered Umslopogaas. ' Are you drunk with Halakazi beer, or blind with sleep 1 Two went out, and two return. I sent hiin who was with us back to the camp.' ' So be it, father,' Baid the captain. 'Two went out, and two return. All is well.' CHAPTER XXVII. The Stamping of the Fike. On the morrow the iinpi awoke refreshed with sleep, and, after they had eaton, Um slcipoeaas mustered them. Alas! nigh upon a half of those who had seen the sun of . yesterday would wake no more for over. The Slaughterer mustered them and thanked them for that which they had done, winning fame and cattle. They were merry, rocking little of those who were dead, and sang his praises and the praises of Galazi in a loud song. When the song was ended Umslopo gaas spoke to them again, saying that the victory was great, and the cattle they had won were countless. Yet something was lacking—she was lacking whom he caui'e to seek to be a gift to Dingaan the king, and for whose sake this war was made. Where now was the Lily? Yesterday she had been here, clad in a moochu like a man and bearing a shield : this he knew from the captives. Where, then, was she now ? Then all the soldiers said they had seen nothing of her. When they had done Galazi spoke a word, as was agreed between ■ him and L'mslopogoas. He said that when they stormed the cave he had seen a man run at a warrior in the cave to kill him. Then as he came, he, who was about to be slain, threw down the shield and cried for mercy, and Galazi knew that this was no warrior of the Halakazi, but a very beautiful girl. So ! ho called to the man to let her alone and not to touch her, for the order was that no j women should be killed. But the soldier, | being mad wi^h the lust of fight, shouted that maid or man she should die, and slow her. Thereon, he—Galazi—in his wrath ran up and smoto the man with the Watcher and killed him also, and ho prayed that h? had done no wrong. 'You have done well, my 'brother,' said Umslopogaas. 1 Come now, some of you, and let us look at this dead girl. Perhaps it s the Lily, and if so that is unlucky for us, for I do not know what' tale we shall tell to Dingaan of tho matter.' So the captains wont with Umslopogaas and Galazi, and came to tho spot whero the girl had been laid, and by her tho man of tho People of the Axe. _ _ 1 All is as the Wolf, ray brother, hiis told,' said Umslopogaas, waving the torch 111 his hand over the two who lay dead. ' Here, without a doubt, liea she who was named the Lily, whom we came to win, and by her that fool who slew her, slain himself by the blew I of the Watcher. An ill sight to see, aud an ill tale for me to tell at the kraal of Dingaan. Still, what it is, and cannot be altered; and this maid who was the fairest of tho fair is now none too lovely to look on. Let ns away V and he turned swiftly, then spoko again, sayii-^— ' Bind ur> this devl gir'. in ox hides, cover her with salt,and let her bp brought with us.' , And thoy did so, / Then the captains,aqid^ 'purely i£ is so; my fathernow it cntinok Ve iiltertid, and Din«rn»h hrist miss his bride.' So said they all except that man who had been captain of the guard when Umslopogaas and Gnlazi and another passed through the archway. This man, indeed, said nothing, yet he was not without his thoughts. For it seemed to him that lie had seen three pass through the archway, and not twoi It seemed to him, nioreovtjr) tlittt thy katoss k-hich the third wore had slipped f side as she pressed past him, and that beneath it had seen the shape of a beautiful woman, and above it had caught the t'linfc of a womah's eye—an uyu full and dark) like ft buck'ti: i Alsoi this ■ Britain rioted that Bulalio called tiono of the captives to swear to the ' body of the Lily maid, and that ho shook the torch to and fro as lie held it over her—he whoso hand was of the steadiest. All of this ho kept in hia mind, forgetting i nothing. Now it chanced afterwards, oil tho home ward march, my father, • that Vmslopogaas had t'aUse to Spfeak sharply to tills man, be cause he strove to rob imolher of his Bharc of tho spoil of the Halakazi. He spoko sharply to him, degrading him from his rank, and setting another over him. Also he took cattle from the man, nnd gave them to him whom he would have robbed. And thereafter, though he was justly served, this man thought more and more of tho third who had passed through the arch of the ci.ve and had not returned, and; who seemed to him to have a fait' .jvnriKjnV shape, aild B.Vl'S Winch gleamed like those Of a woman. | On that dav^ then Umw.puisrns oegan his 1 TOftVch to Ihc kraal Umgugundhlovu, where Dingaan sat. But before he sot his face homewards, in the presenco of the soldiers, he asked Galazi the Wolf if he would come back with him, or if he would stay to be chief of the Halakazi, as he was by right of birth and War. Thell the Wolf laughed, and answered that ho had eotno out to seek for verigcatiCBj and Hot for the place of a ehief^ also that therfe WOrO feiV of the italaknifi l&tfpie; .fthtifylie ihiuhfc Hit# if ho wished. Moreover, nG fiddotl ttiis f tlirtt, like twin trees, they two blood -brethren had grown up side by side till their roots were matted together, and that, were one of them dug up and planted in Swazi soil, he feared lest both should whither, or, at the least, that he, Galazi, should wither. Who lived but one man and certain wolves. So> Um slopogaas said n" more of the chieftainship, but began his journey. With him ho brought a great number of cattle, to be a gift' for Dingaan, and a multitude of captives, young women and children, for he would appease the heart of Dingaan, because he did Hot bring her whom hfi soui;ht—the Lily, flower of the fhiwers. Tet because he was cautious and put little faith in the kind ness of kings, Umslopogaas, as soon as ho reached the borders of Zululand, sent the best, of the cattle and the fairest of the maids and children 011 to tho kraal of the People of the Axe by tho Qhost Mountain. And he who had lleuh Bat) tain bfthe gliard bltt iiotv Was il ij'olnillon soldier noticed this also: ... Now, it chanced that on a certain morn ing I, Mopo, sac in the kraal Umgugund hlovu in attendanco on Dingaan. For still I waited on the king, though he had spoken no word to mo, g^od nr bad;, since the yesterday; wheti I foretold to hirti that in the tiltiod of the white men whom he had betrayed grew the flower of his own death. For, my father, it was on tho morrow of tho slaying of the Amaboona that Umslopogaas came to the kraal Umgugundhlovu. Now, the mind of Dingaan was heavy, and he sought something to lighten it. Presently he bethought him of the white praying man who had come to tho kraal seeking to teach us people of the Zulu to worship other gods than the assegai and the king. Now, this was a good man, but no luck went with his teaching,which was hard to understand; and. moreover, the induuas did not like it,because it seemed to set a master over the master, and a king over the king, and to preach of peace to those who trade with war. Still, Dingaan sent for the -white maii that he might dispute with him, for Dingaan thojght that he himself was the cleverest of all men. Now, the white man came, but his face was pale, because of that which ho had seen befall the Boers, for ho was gentle and hated such sights. The king bade him be seated and spoke to hin saying— •The other day, O White Man, thou toldest mi! ot n place ot tire whither tliose go after death who have done wickedly in life. Tell me imiw of thy wisdom, do my fathers lie in that place V 'How. can I know, King,' answered the prayer-doctor, ' who may not jud■ *e of the deeds of men ? This I say only : that those who murder and rob and oppress the innocent and bear false witness shall lie in that place of file.' ' It seems that my fathers have done all these things, and if they are in this place I would go there also, for I am minded to bo with my fathers at tho last. Yet I think tlmt I should find a way to escape from this place if ever I en me thore.' ' How, King V Now, Dingaan had set this trap for the prayer-doctor. In tho centre of t'lat great open space where lie had caused the Boers to bo fallen upon ho hud built up a great pyre of wood—brushwood- beneath, and on the top of the brushwood logs, and even whole trees. Perhaps, my father, there were sixty full waggon- loads of dry wood piled to gether there in tho centre of the placo. ' Thou slialt see with thine eyes, White Man,' ho answered, and bidding attendants set fire to the pile all round, he summoned that regiment of young men which whs left in the kraal. Maybe there were a thousand and half a thousand of them—not more—the same that had slain tho Boers. Now the tire began to burn fiercely, and the regiment filed in and took its place in ranks. By the time that all had come, the pyre was everywhere a sheet of raging flame, and, though we sat a hundred paces from it, its heat was great when tho wind turned our way. ' Now, Doctor of Prayers, is thy hot place hotter than yonder fire,' said tho king. He answered that lie did not know, but the fire was certainly hot. ' Then I will show thee how I will come out of it if ever I go to lie in such a fire—ay, though it be ten times as big, and fierce. Ho ! my childron !' he cried to the soldiers, and, springing up. 'You seeyonder fire. Run swiftly and stamp it flat with your feet. Where thore was fire lot there be blackness and ashes.' Now tho White Man lifted his hands and prayed Dingaan not to do this thing that should bo the death of many, but the king bade him be talent. Then ho turned his eyes upward and prayed to his gods. For a moment also the soldiers looked on each other in doubt, for the fire raged furiously, and spouts of flame shot high toward the heaven, and above it and about it the hot air danced. But their captain called to them loudly : ' Great is the king! Hear the words of the king, who honors you ! Yester day we ate up the Amboona— it was nothing. There is a foe more worthy of our valor. Come, my children, let us wash us in the fire We who are fiercer than tho fire ! Great is the king who honors us V Thus he spoke and ran forward, and, with a roar, afcer him sprang the soldiers, rank by rank. Tln'y were brave men indeed; moreover, they knew that if death lay be fore them death also awaited him who lagged behind, and it is far bettor to die with honor than ashamed. On they went, as to the joy of battle, their cop ain loading them, and as Chcy went they sang the Ingomo, the war-chant of tho Zulu. Now the captain neared tho raging tire ; we saw him lift his shield to keep off its heat. Then he waB gone—ho had sprung into the heart of the fire, and but liLtle of him was ever found again. After him wont the first company. In they went, boating at the flames with thoir ox-hido shields, stamping them out with their naked feet, tearing down tho burning logs and casting them aside. Not one man of that company lived, my father ; they foil down like moths which flutter through a candle, and where they fell they perished. But after them camo other companies, and it was well for those in thia fight who wero last to grapple with tho ■■.foe. Now a great smoko was mixed with tho flame, now the flame grew less and less, and tho smoke more an more ; and now blackened men, hairless, naked, and blistered, white with tho scorch ing of the fire, staggered out on tho farther sido of the flames, falling to tho earth here and there. After them came others ; now | there w.is no fUmo, only a great smoko in I which men moved dimly ; and now, my father, it was done ; they had conquered the fire, and that, with but very little hurl. t,.-> tho last seven companies, though every mini had I trodden it. How many perished 1—my, I IJiiow hot* (h'by rverfe ne^ei.counted ; tjut 1 V.'iiat between tiio cleft tl ilhd the injured that- J regiment was iit half strength till tho king drafted more men into it. ' See, Doctor of Prayers,' said Ditignan, with u laugh, ' thus shall I escape the fires of tlmt land of which thou tellest, if such there be indeed; I will bid my impia stamp them out.' Then the praying man went from the kraal saying that he would teach no more among the Zulus, and • afterwards he left the land. When lie had gone the burnt wood and the dead were bleared away, the injured were doctored or filled . according to their hurts, arid tlitrtb Wntt lmlt little harm cam6 freforo the king and praised him. 'New shields and headdresses must to found for you, my children,' Raid Dingaan, for the shields were black and shrivelled, and of heads of hair and plumes Chore were but few left among tlmt regiment. ' Wow !' said Dingnan again, looking at the soldiers who still lived; 1 nhaving will be easy and cheap in that place of fire of which tin) white iitftii speaks/ ; Then ho ordered beer to he bi'otight io the men, for I he heat of the fire hud made them thirsty. Now, though you may not guess it, my father, I have told you this tale becausc it has something to do with my story; for scurcply had the matter been ended when mtRsengers came, saying that Bulaho, chief of the People of the Axe, and his impi were without, having returned with much spoil from the slaying of the Htlakazi in Swazi land. l?u(V/ ttfiln J heard this my heart leaped for joy, seeing ihi't I had feared •gTya'.Jv for the fate of U'nsloflog.'in'A; toy foslerTing. DinffattP also was very glad, and, springing up, dniiced to and fro like a child. _ ( 'Now at last wo have good tidings,'he Baid, at once forgetting the stamping of the firo, ' and now shall my eyes behold that Lily whom my hand has longed to pluck. Let Bulalio and his people enter swiftly.' For a while there was silence ; then fl'om far away, without the high fence of thd great place, there came a sound of singing, and though the gates of the kraal rushed two ff Petit Met/; ifdtlrihg blaek plumes upon their heads, iiritilW black shield* in their left hands, and in tho|f iigfit; Wife rin ase and Dllv; a club; while about (heir sliou/dfefsj were bound T'hcy rnn '"w> neck, with oulslrfetctieu shields and heads held forward, as a buck runs When u*.13 'larif pressed bj1 dogs, and 110 such running liflct been seen in the kraal Umgugundhlovu as the running of the Wolf-Brethern. Half across the spree they ran, and halted sud denly, and, as they halted, the dead ashes of the fire flew up before their feet in a little cloud. \ By my head 1 look, these come armed before me !' said Dingaan. frowning, ' and to do .this is death. Now, say who is that man, great and fierco, who bears an axe aloft ? Did I not know him dead I should say it was the Black One, my brother, ai he was in the days of the smiting of Zwide ; so was hig heitd Sat oh his shoulders and so he was wijpt td jook rriiiiltl, liltti ii liqiiv' ' I think tliat ifi Biilalio the Slaughterer, chief of the F'edple of th<3 Axe; tj King,' I answered. • , 'And who is the other with him 1 He is (i gre,it nian aldo. Sfever have I seen such a Mfc. 1' . I tli in It that is Galazi, £he Wolf, he who is blood-brother to the Slaughterer aud his genoral,' I said again. Now, after theso two came the soldiers of the Peoplo of the Axe, armed with short sticks alone. Four by four they camn, all holding their heads low, and with black shields outstretched, and formed themselves into companies behind the Wolf-Brethren, till all were there. Then, after them, the crowd of the Halakazi captives were driven in—women, boys, and maids, a great num ber—and they stood behind the ranks huddled together like frightened calves. ' A gallant sight, truly 1' said Dingaan, as he looked upon the compauies of black plumed and shielded warriors. ' I have no better soldiors in my impis, and yet my eyes behold them now for tile first time,' and again he frowiied. Now, suddenly Umslopogaas lifted his axe and sfarfed forward at full speed, and after him thundered the companies. O11 they rushed, and their plumes l.iy hack upon the wind, till it seemed as though they must stamp us flat. But when he was within ten paces of the king Umslopogaas lifted Groan Maker again, and Galazi hold the Watcher on high, imd every mnn hnltod where he was while onco moi'o the dust llow up in clouds. They lmlted in long, unbroken lines, with outstretched shields and heads hold low ; no inan'a head rose more than the length of a dance kerrie from the earth. So they stood one minute, then, fur the third ti'ne, Urn slopogaas lifted Groan-Makes, and in an in stant every man straightened himself, each shield was tossed on high, and from every throat was roared the royal salute, ' Bay ete!' 'A pretty sight, forsooth,' quoth Dingaan ; ' but these soldiers are too well drilled who have never done me service nor the Black One who was before me, and this Slaugh erer ia too good a captain, I siy. Como hither, ye twain !' h« cried aloud. Then the Wolf-Brethren strode forward and stood beforo the king, and for a while they looked upon each other. (To be continued.) Tiie Queen's Tobacco-i-ipe. — One has hoard and read so much about the Queen's tobacco-pipe, and been so recently reminded of its existence by the announcement that it is to be in a measure disestablished, that, be ing near tho site of the original institution, we may give it a friendly call. A polite offi cial volunteers to conduct us to the spot, and so puts a crown to our good fortune. We follow him through long ranges of shed whore bales of wool, from different parts of the world, cover the far-reaching floor. And here at last is the fierce furnace where count less tons of tobacco, and merchandise which was luft in bond or damaged at sea, have been destroyed. For many years, however, the particular function which suggested for this dock kiln the nickname of Queen's tob acco-pipe has been performed in the Victoria Dock, farther down the river. The time honored structure in the London Docks is still kindled whon occasion requires for the consumption of refuse, and tho man who tends it assured ns (allegoric-ally, may be) that when it is in full blast thore is enough draught to draw a man up into its chimney. The last offering to this devouring monster previous to our visit had been the damaged increment of a cargo of tea, and amongst the heap of clinkers in the dark coiner we were bidden to observe, as proof of the thoroughness with which the Queen's pipe has done its work, masses of nails conglom erated with the ashes.—" Good Words." ' The Height of Clouds.—The highest clouds, cirrus and cirro stratus, rise on an average to a height of nearly 30,000 feet. The middle clouds keep at from about 10,0: 0 to 23,000 feet above the surface of the earth, the lower clouds seldom lower,than' 3,000 or higher than 7,000 feet. The cumulus clouds float with their lower surface at a height of fr'-m 4,000 to 5,000 feot,\vhiln thi'ir summits frequently extend upward to a height of 16,000. The tops of the Alps are often completely hidden by clouds of the third class, while those of tho other classes are frequently seen shooting up the ravines like sheets of smoke. Prof. Moller took ob servations on one cloud, tho vortical dimen sion of which was over 3,700 feet. A Little Stranger.—One day . at the station of Fuente-Palmera, not far from tho town of Ecija, in Andalusia, a package with an open letter was delivered to tho station mastor by a stratigor who disappeared at once. The letter, wlvch was unsigned, merely said that tho parcel contained a pre sent for tho stationniaster. On opening it he discovered a now-born infant carefully and richly enveloped. He declared loudly that ho would havo nothing to do with it, but a pointsman, taking compassion on the poor little waif, declared he would take | chargo of it, and took it homo to his wife I who received it with open arms and caresses | upon undressing it a paper foil to the floor, upon which was written, ' Whoever will re reive and caro for this child will be happy.' This rather alarmed the kind-hearted couple; but they continued to removo tho swathing bands, when thoro fell to tho ground one after the other a quantity of bank-notes. They picked up tho little heap, and found thaf it amounted to a sum of no less than 125,000 pesetas. When the stationniaster was informed of this fact ho demanded that the child—and the money—should be given . up to him. Thie was nor acceded to, as may ' well be suppo';"'i, and ho has ins titv.tod legal proceedings aguiiint tin: pointsman, who, if justice oxists in Andajyoia, \vjll purely win the day.~ * - 