Our Tuesday's Tale. KATHLEEN'S CHOICE. WHAT a picture. A quaint old house, built in the pretty Swiss style, enshrouded with clustering roses and starry jasmine. One can get a glimpse through the low French windows lying open, of a charming room, which gives evidence of a refined taste. Instinc tively you feel that a lady's hand has given a finishing touch to the exquisite bric-a- brac. The walls are of that delicate colour designated dove, the pictures are rare works of art ; a dash of colour here and there relieves the dark carved brackets, for the curtains and chair covers are crimson satin; beautiful bowls of crimson roses enhance the beauties around. Beyond lies a garden that would charm an artist with its wealth of blossoms dropping their perfumed heads in unstudied gracefulness ; there the soft-faced pansies rub their velvet cheeks for hours together, unmindful of the etiquette of the botanical world, while the roses raise their queenly heads, as if to say—"We reign supreme," but the chief charm of the place is a long aisle of snowy ascension lilies ; beautiful they are in their spotless, bridal loveliness. To this home Sidney Grey brought his young bride of eighteen summers; her face was like a poet's dream, its chief attraction—the wonderful velvety [?] that bore in their liquid depths a far [?] as if their owner had unravelled the mysteries of eternity. More than one hinted she might have born the title " My lady," but no ; she chose her heart's hero; he met her while visiting in England. Suddenly she flashed into his life like a brilliant meteor, then the sun seemed to throw a brighter gleam, the blossoms to shed a sweeter perfume, earth grew complete. In a few short months they were married, and he brought her to his Irish home by the shores of the far- famed Killarney Lakes. Sometimes he wondered at his happiness, but strange, Daphne seemed to grow daily more like the beautiful, white-faced lilies that grew in the dear old garden. It was the month of June, the month when lilies and roses hold high carnival. On a snowy bed, mad with delirium, tossed a fragile figure. In an adjoining room, sick with a blinding grief, sat a lonely watcher. Somehow these words seemed rushing through his lonely heart Passing away, Out of the dark into the day ; Out of the gloom into the glory, Such is the story. Passing away. Passing away. To shine like the stars, for aye, for aye ! Out of the morning, out of the sorrow. Passing away. Why was it that these words haunted him. The golden daylight faded silently away. It was the gala night of the stars ; those silver eyes shone with unwonted brilliancy from the streets of God ; the moon looked like a spotless water-lily as she shed her timid smile amid the latticed branches of the stately oak ; while a great sorrow stole into the heart of Sidney Grey. In a few hours a tiny life fluttered into existence, while another stole away on an angel's wing beyond the smiling glamour of the silver moon. Who could tell of the shadow that had lingered over that shadowed household, of that broken heart that had refused comfort. Twenty years have passed into oblivion. The Irish lakes are as beautiful as ever. A fair young girl is standing beneath a shady arbutus, gazing intently on the heath-crowned hills. One could imagine that the Daphne Grey of old was standing there, so close is the resemblance between her and the fair young mother who years previously winged her flight to a fairer clime. "Papa," says a fresh young voice, " there is to be a wedding to-day. I don't wonder that Lady Iris Stanhope decided that the ceremony was to be performed here. I heard the whole story—it is so pretty. I shall tell it to you now. Some time ago she came here accompanied by her mother and a party of friends. She so much admired the soft scenery for which Killarney is remarkable, she prevailed on the party to prolong their stay. During the time she met Lord Hilton. One day while out walking they all rambled in the direction of the old ivied church. Lady Iris laughingly said—' If ever I get married my wedding shall be here.' And isn't it strange it is to be so. Papa, dear, I have never seen a wedding. May I go to look at this one ?” The father gazed on the lovely riant face ; he is proud to know that her fresh young heart has never been spoiled by contact with the world. "Darling," he says, "of course you can." Half an hour later the father smiled to see a dainty figure in a snowy dress, with nothing to adorn it save a bunch of ascension lilies. A large white hat shades the earnest grey eyes. Unobserved the father watches her. "So like her," he murmurs. "Oh, my darling, the grave covers your sweet face—the cruel grave." Kathleen is standing beneath the friendly branches of a swaying tree intently perusing a little, velvet bound book. She is reading the beautiful words of the marriage service. Solemn and sacred they seem to her. Looking up she sees her father a short distance off. " Papa," she says. " Come here. What is the the meaning of this ? ‘Those whom God has joined together let no man put asunder.' Who could separate those whom God has joined ? What does it mean ?" " Kathleen dear, it is possible for one man to do the wife of another a great wrong. When this happens, the law steps in and disannuls that marriage." " But, papa, I cannot understand it. God has joined them together." " By our law, darling, they are free, and can many again." The pale face grew paler. " How dreadful! Oh ! papa, dear, that would be no marriage at all." " But, little girl, I think it's time for you to be gone." Twenty minutes later a marriage procession entered the old country church. The bride looked radiant, the golden sun glimmered through the mullioned window, falling like a benediction on the bowed heads of the bride and bridegroom. All unobserved, as she thought in a vacant pew, stood Kathleen Grey. Many fair girls were there, belles of London society, but their beauty paled when compared with her exquisite face. Just then she looked like some draped saint, so thought Lord Eric Brabazon, Lord Hinton's best man ; but his meditations were interrupted by the dear ringing tones of the clergyman—" I require and charge you both, &c.;" The marriage proceeded, Iris Stanhope was now Iris Hilton, the glorious notes of wedding march echoed through the quaint little building. At the church door, by some strange coincidence, Kathleen dropped her prayer book. Lord Eric immediately stooped to pick it up their eyes met—was it fate ? With that look two lives seemed merging into one. Lord Brabazon's friends wondered that at the dejeuner he seemed to be so absent-minded and distraite; they little knew that he was haunted by a lovely fair face. All the day and night he dreamt of nothing else. Three months later we find him again in Killarney. A friend of Kathleen's father had given them an introduction. Since then Lord Eric Brabazon seems to have been living in fairyland. The stars were all out, the moon is just beginning to show her pale fair face. Did Kathleen Grey know what was coming ? Certainly she never looked fairer. Did she guess that a wonderful love was soon to be proffered for acceptance ?—who knows ? Still he lingered they wandered over to the piano. "Sing something. Lord Brabazon," she urges. He has a beautiful tenor voice. The rich, full tones fill the room and float out on the perfumed air. For from daylight a hint we might borrow. And prudence may come with the light, But why should we wait 'till to-morrow— You are the queen of my heart to-night. He turned to her and murmured— " You are the queen of my heart tonight. Just look at the ascension lilies through the open window ; in their snowy loveliness they look like saintly sentinels from the far off world." " You are poetical, Lord Brabazon." " Isn't such a night as this enough to inspire the most prosaic. Suppose we take a stroll in the garden." They go out together through the low French windows, her soft dress trailing on the velvet sward. Wrapping a fleecy shawl over her gold-crowned head, she looked like a lily-bosomed houri. So thought her companion. "Do you know, Lord Brabazon, I love the stars since childhood. They have had I a peculiar fascination for me. When I was a tiny little girl I fancied they were golden nails in the first floor of heaven. Just now they recall to my memory the words of Longfellow— Silently, one by one, in the infinite meadows of heaven Blossomed the lovely stars, the forget- me-nots of the angels. " Yes," he said, " those lines are really lovely; but do you know the brightest star fades into insignificance when I think of you, little sweetheart. For days I have lived on your slightest whisper." They have reached the old rose arbour. He had grown ashy pale from the intensity of his feelings. He cannot see her face; it is averted. He sits down beside her, and clasps her little hand. "Oh, my queen," he murmured, "speak one little word. Do you love me, my darling ?" She places one tiny hand on his coat sleeve ; her eyes are raised to his. A wonderful light shines in their liquid depths as she whispers "Yes." “Oh, Kathleen, heaven bless you for that blessed word ; but just say this, pet, "Eric, I love you, and I will be your wife.'" His arms encircle her. Her heads rests upon his shoulder, the stars look down as if nodding their silver heads by way of approval, and the golden moon for one moment veils her face as if to hide her blushes ; they do not speak, their happiness in too great for mere words. Lord Brabazon raises from his shapely head the velvet lounging cap and looks with grave, earnest eyes upward. Kathleen is surprised. "My darling," he says, "I am thanking heaven that I have won your love. I have had many sorrows, sweetheart, but your love compensates for them all." Christmas is near at hand, another week and it will be the 25th of December, yet no snow-wreaths cover the earth. Nature has played a strange freak, for Sol has put on his brightest smiles, in honour, I suppose, of the marriage of Kathleen Grey. Was there ever a fairer bride ? One can only wonder at her ethereal loveliness ; her face is pale, but radiant with a tender lovelight, for she is quite satisfied with her choice. As one in a dream she goes up the aisle, leaning on her father's arm ; the ceremony proceeds, the clergyman's voice breaks the stillness; strange, the words that haunt here are—" Those whom God has joined together let no man put asunder." The prayers are said, the benediction pronounced, and they depart amid many whispered blessings. ****** Two years have passed into oblivion, two years of unalloyed happiness to both. Kathleen has never once regretted her choice. Just as the third dawned her father died suddenly, but everything that a husband's love could do was done to console and comfort her. Three months later Kathleen is seated at an open window looking fairer than ever in her black dress. "My darling," her husband whispers, " I have to leave home on business for a few hours. Do you know what banishment from your sweet presence means? Oh! my Kathleen, every day you grow dearer to me. God bless you, my darling.” Two hours later Graham, the butler, an old family retainer, enters, bearing a note on a silver salver. "For you, ma'am," he says, "the gentleman that brought it is in the library ; if you wish to see him I will tell him to wait a moment." Kathleen opens the note; the words swim before her eyes; will she ever collect her senses? Two pieces of paper drop out mechanically; she picks them up. One she reads and re-reads before she can comprehend its meaning ; it is a marriage announcement and reads thus :— "Brabazon and Crampton.—At Berne, Oct. 16,18—, by the Rev. Geoffrey Tennant, Lord Eric Brabazon, only son of the late Lord Ruthven Brabazon, of Brabazon Court, Durham, England, to Stephanie, second surviving daughter of the late Leo Crampton, of New South Wales." Was she dreaming? The other was dated a year later. It was a divorce suit, the plaintiff being Lord Eric and the defendant Stephanie, his wife. All at once a chill wind seemed to touch her ; she grew unconscious. At last regaining her self- possession she rang the bell. "Graham," she said, " show the gentleman in here." The interview having concluded Kathleen retired to her room, the ghost of her former self falling on her knees. She cried in the agony of despair— " Oh! my father, my father, help me to do what is right." She went to her room and packed a few necessary things; her mind was made up, she would leave her home. Donning a mantle and a dark hat she descended to the library, as she wished to pass unobserved through the low French windows. Here a great trial awaited her. Her husband had returned tired sometime previously. Hearing she was out he lay on the lounge to rest, and dropped asleep. Bending over him she wailed— "Oh! my darling, my darling, good bye." She bent her head and kissed his dark hair. " You have done me a great wrong," she sobbed, " but I forgive you, Eric, my love, my life." Still he slept on unconscious of what was passing around. An hour later he awoke. Was it fancy ? Were those really tear stains on his coat ? he went in search of Kathleen, she was nowhere to be found. He sought his room ; the silence of death reigned there. A tiny note lay on the table bearing this inscription— "To Eric." The violet perfume from the paper seemed to sicken him. The note ran thus— My Darling,—I have learned your life's secret to-day from one who calls himself your friend. You have done me a great wrong. I leave you because in the eyes of God I have never been your wife. Don't think of me, don't seek me—it would be useless. I shall go away to some remote spot. We shall never meet on earth again. Good-bye. Heaven bless you always. Kathleen. With one wild cry he ran down stairs ; ordering the phaeton, he made for the nearest railway station. From place to place he hurried, but his enquiries were all useless—no trace could be had of his missing wife. Day followed day in quick succession, weeks grew to months, still his search was unavailing, his burning prayer remained unanswered. In a little village, far away beneath the Devon hills, the twilight's fleecy wings are shrouding all things earthly. The tender light touches lovingly the golden tresses of a young girl reclining on a lounge at an open window. When you look at her face instinctively you feel that the sable angel is hovering very near. An old lady bends over her fall of solicitude. "My dear," she says, " are you better to-night?" " Mrs. Dene, I shall never be better. For my disease, a broken heart, there is no core." "Dearie, don't be desponding. Perhaps, after all, your cloud may have a silver lining.'" The fair, sad face is turned toward the azure sky, white the shadow of great grief steals over her face. One year ago Kathleen found a home with an old friend in Devonshire; since then she has been, slowly fading away like a dying flower. A step sounds outside on the gravelled pathway, someone is ushered into the hall, the servant appears bringing a lamp— " Mam," she says, "there's a gentleman outside ; he wished to go to Greymount but lost his way. Can Joe direct him ?" "Certainly; bring him in ; he can wait here till Joe is ready." The gentleman being announced, a wild my echoes through the room— "Eric! Eric!" “ Oh, Kathleen ! my life, my love! Thank God I have found you at last." Mrs. Benson has stolen away. " Kathleen, why did you ever leave me, my darling ? I did you no wrong. Bertram, Stephanie Crampton's brother, vowed he'd have his revenge, so I suppose he told you the story his own way, but I shall let you hear it now !" " Ten years ago I was travelling abroad ; there I met Stephanie Crampton. I can not tell you how she infatuated me. On my part it was quite a boyish fancy. I won't harrow you with the sad details, but three months after my marriage I found out my mistake; I had been horribly deceived ; she was everything that was unwomanly. Well, darling, you know how it ended; I could not live with her; to me it seemed a living death. Four years after she died in a gambling house at Monte Carlo. Darling, death freed me from that awful bondage, and when I met you I was free. I can't tell you how often I meant to tell you the sad story, but the words always died away on my lips." " Oh, Eric, forgive me; I can die in peace." "Die, darling! Live for my sake. It was indeed a blessed fate that drove me to your side. I was going to Greymount to hunt up an old friend ; I lost my way, but found my treasure." For weeks Kathleen struggled with death. The mental strain had proved too much, but youth at last triumphed, and she regained her former strength. She had suffered much; she had also gained much ; being tried by the furnace of affliction she came out purified. She learned not to be hasty in judgment, but to sympathise with the frail and feeble. Some weeks after they left for their Irish home, happy in each other's love, knowing that no shadow lay between. The evening that Kathleen and her husband arrived at Killarney they both stood at an open window watching the golden arrows of sunset gilding the forest trees. "Eric," she said, "I am thinking of the words of the poet— And on the woods and on the lakes the smile of heaven lay ; It seemed as if the eve were one sent from beyond the skies, Which shed to earth above the sun the light of Paradise. " And I," said he, "can only think of five little words—' Till death us do part."' ****** Five years have come and gone. In a lovely castle at Killarney, mirrored in the clear lake, girt by the eternal hearth crowned hills, dwell a brave lord and a fair, gentle lady. Children's voices make music through its pictured galleries, and tiny pattering feet re-echo through its ancient passages. That home is the centre of attraction. Blest in her husband and her children, Kathleen has no cause to regret her choice. 