Dubino the next afternoon a visitor arrived at the camp. He announced himself as the overseer of Banjowie station, and stated that Mr. Ogilvie had sent him to make enquiries tow the Boss and his party had weathered tiic floods, Joe, the boundary rider, having* reported that a droving party had camped on tic ridge. He seemed a jovial sort of fellow, end soon made himself at home. His horse t-eing pretty well baked with the long jour ney, over heavy plains and water, he said he vrould stay until the morning. " The Boss" offered him a fresh horse, but he said he was in no hurry, as he would not be expected until the morrow. During the evening when supper was disposed of, after a chat about the weather, the price of stock, and other matters the Boss asked his visitor if he could relate a story. "Bless you, my life has been most uneventful. Went to college; started a busi ness; didn't like it-and came out to Aus tralia-I think that is about all. But, stay, I may tell you about My Examination. "Study hard! Study hard, Phillip! and you'll succeed. All things come to him who waits," so said my uncle, putting his head out of a first-class carriage window as the train moved away from the platform. "Study hard!" Yes, I would, but as to succeeding-that waB more doubtful. For several long weary months I had been ' cramming' for a horrid examination, which, when once passed was to secure a place for ire in office truly after my own heart. But, try as I might, every time I went up, I failed. Only a few Bhorfc weeks ago I had tried again, and had been-" plowed again." My good uncle did all he could to assist and encourage me except one thing, and that was he wouldn't let me have a " coach." He said that if I liked I could pass well enough without other aid tliau that which could be got by books, and so, to his mind, it would be useless expense to employ a "coach." When he was a young man he had done the same with ease, and 60 there was no reason why I shouldn't. One of his favorite wise precepts-and he Lad many of them-was that what one man has done another can do. In fact, until the day I tried to row my uncle and cousins upon the Thames and upset them, this was also one of my dearest maxims. After seeing my uncle off to his little country home, I walked leisurely out of the station towards my lodgings. I had scarcely turned the corner of the Ftrcet when who should I meet but Dr. Grcu cifnore, my old schoolmaster. Now, although in days gone by, I had not venerated him any more than boys as a rule c'o their preceptors, yet now that I had not seen him for several months I felt that j erhaps such a meeting might help to raise t.y drooping spirits afresh for the coming l abor of cramming. In response to his inquiries, I told him all about myself, and he in return communicated to me all the news of the latest readings and editions of Latin and Greek classics. . Also, what he considered to be far more important than these-that it was reported that the missing books of Euclid had been found in an Alexandrian dust-heap. When I told liim Ihadcomc up to London asaiu to study for that wretched exam.-1 d idn't say I had done the same thrice before -he said he could give me some good advice, asd taking out his pocket-book (the very book ir. which my name had figured more than once for au imposition!) he wrote out six ei.ort rule.-. "Follow these, Phillip," he said, "and you'll pas? at once. Good-bye." So saying, Le was gone. I watched the good old "man walk up the street, and inwardly wondered whether his tall form, healthy appearance, F'.itcetb in life were duo to the following out u£ these rules. Then I turned towards my solitary rooms G-rinden-street, and mentally determined to put the doctor's advice into practice. Arriving at number 20 I rang the bell, and after waitiug five minutes-a time long enough in my consideration to justify light ing another cigarette-Mrs. Skigen, my land lady, appeared. "Oil! Mr. Balliman," she began, "there's n letter for you upstairs. Black- edged-110 bad news I 'ope, 'though none of us be sure what mayn't 'appen any day." Without waiting for any further discourse upon the frailty of the flesh, I mounted to my sitting-room. . The window of the room looked out 011 a busy thoroughfare, which did not improve the place for study. On the table lay a letter with a deep-black crlgc. I knew the writing; it was Mr. Ballimau's. Before I go any further I must briefly explain a little of our family affairs. Some years previous to my coming to Lon don, when I was a boy, my father-Mr. John Vi'osford-had died, and soon after my mother | worried again; this lime to a Mr. Louis I BillimaE, a small country wine merchant. Whether I was prejudiced or not, I do not know, but I took a dislike to him the first time we met, and that dislike never left mc. Now I was away from home I took care to be known only as "Phillip Westford" and rotas " Phillip Balliman," except of course to Mrs. Skigen. There is one other point to which I must refer without delay. For some months I had been engaged to a young lady of the name of Maty Layman, She, poor girl, was worse off then than*1 was from a pecuniary point of view- and I ask .what other point of view hare we in this world. Mary Layman was then working as a governess in an aristocratic family, and prac tically she was-as what governess is not ? a slave to her employer?, who were both cold and people of the world. But to return to tlie black-edged envelope addressed to " Mr. Phillip Balliman, 29, Q-rin den-street, Bayswater, London, W." My stepfather was a dull man and did not often write so I thought there must be some thing of importance in the bulky letter. It ran thus: " Mr DEAR PHILLIP,-You will I suppose be sorry to hear of the death of your uncle, my brother, on Monday last at Falstendcen Manor. I had hopes that he, being without children, would not forget us in IMB will. However, I was wrong for once in my expec tations, and he leaTes us nothing. He might have helped me to give you a good start in life, but, as you see, lie has done otherwise-why on earth I can't tell, unless he was disgusted with the way you have failed over and over again at your exams. But what-I want to say is this, if you don't pass at the next opportunity and get'the office your other uncle offers you, I can't afford to let you waste any more time over it. Should you be successful at Michaelmas, well and good, but if not I have only a place in my office to offer you. I am, See., " Louis BAIXIMAIT." " P.S.-I have sent in your name for the exam." I read the.letter through again. Yes, it was plain enough; if I did not get the office at Michaelmas, I must say good-bye to it for ever, and worse still- to Mary Layman, too. I dragged my arm-chair to the table and began to think. August was only just begin ning and I should have two months all but a week to " cram." I remembered my uncle's parting words, "Study hard, Philip, and you'll succeed." Yes, I would pass this time, cost what it might. I took out ray old schoolmaster's rules and read them over. Here they are: X. Get up, and go to bed; with the suu. 2\. Take plenty of exercise, at least four miles a day. 3\. Don't work directly nftcr meals. 4\. Don't driuk beer wines, and 0\. Don't smoke! I felt I could follow every one of these till I came to the last-"Don't smoke!" Now I have found, if there is one thing on the face of this uncomfortable globe, that is balm for the woes of youth-and may I not add for the woes of old age ?-it is Tobacco! And here was the worthy doctor BBying " don't smoke." "Well, with great force of miud-I will not say characteristic force of mind, for I have never found it in my composition sincc-I vowed a rasli vow to renounce tobacco and all its works for the uext two months. A few days later I felt inclined to act upon the principle that rash vows are better broken than kept. So I finally decided to adhere to the doctor^ rules. Next morning I got up, very nearly, if not quite, with the sun. I rather think lie must have been a little before his time that day. Then I worked for some hours. Breakfast came up about seven, and relieved me from my studies. Afterwards I went out and bought a pedo meter-just as if I could not judge when I had fulfilled my daily task of four miles. Attaching it to my watch-chain I walked for hnlf-an-liour along Maida Yale j tben took out the instrument to see what progress I lmd made. Imagine my surprise when I saw I had already gone twenty miles! Presently I saw my mistake; I had for gotten to look at the position of the hand before I started ! * I replaced the pedometer in my pockot aud turned back to iny rooms. There I studied for some time, happy in the thought that I was doing my duty. Before long I found that other people besides me were doing their dutv. At nine " of the clock" as the ghosts of our forefathers would say, some would-be musician began to " practise" next door, and after playing a selection of that genus of music known to the outer world by the mystical appellation of "scales," he (or she) began pounding away at the " British Patrol." At last this died, or was supposed to die, away, but only to be followed by the " Lost Chord," sung loud and shrill in a female voice. It is unnecessary to say that during the time the above entertainment was on I found it impossible to study. At last she stopped! It wos after ten. Then, precisely as the clock of St, Martin's ! opposite struck tlic half hour, there was n knock at the door and Mrs. Skigcn appeared with the usual inquiry about dinner. As she generally seized this opportunity to talk of the evils of liorse- racing, the wisdom of her grandmother, the dearth of lodgers, aud other interesting subjects, I always took great care not to encourage her in the slightest. Not uncommonly she would go upon the same weary strain for at least twenty minutes, aud then suddenly recollecting her business, would make her inquiries and end up with these words, " 1 'opes you'll hcxeuse me, sir, but I 'as such a deal to do about the 'ouse lliat I 'aven't a moment to spare." To my great relief at last she went and I set to work again. But, alas! fate had de rided otherwise. As I dipped my pen in the ink to note some important event in the book I was studying, an Italian organ-grinder wheeled his obnoxious machine to the front of my window and commenced the popular but woefully unclassical air, " Wait, till the clouds roll by, JennyHo stayed a good half-hour, which is longer than *1 have seen one of his craft slay sincc. Then I was left in peace for a whole quar ter of uu hour, after which came a German band of the usual typo. This was succeeded by a street preacher, who lectured long and wearily iu a recess precisely under my window. I vcrr much fear I got no good from his sermon. At last he was gone, and I had just one hour's work before dinner. Weeks flew by and the eventful day of the examination at length arrived. To be candid, I had not the least confidence in myself. I knew that the happiness of my life depended very much on the issue, but what that issue might be I did not like to conjccturc. Of course I had written to Mary and told her all about my hopes and fears, and she in return had done her best to encourage me. The good old doctor, too, had communi cated to me his hopes of my success, and had lent me books on my subjects and, what was perhaps better stili, had given me good advice. The day came at last-the 28th of Sep tember.. Shall I ever forget it P I got up early as usual and looked over some bock work. At ten o'clock I set out for the place where ? the examination was to Cake place,1 and, arriving there in good time, I filled up the spare minutes before the commencement by ? drawing an imaginary picture of Mary. I did not think much about it at the moment of execution, but during the examination I often found myself looking at it, and certainly it did seem to urge me on, acting as a stimu lant to my brain, bringing back half-forgotten events connected with my subjects. At last the eventful day was over, and I tried to wait with patience for the result which would be made knowu the following Thursday. Two days later as I was seated at break fast (eight a.m.)i Mrs. Bkigea brought up a letter. Fortunately for me there was nothing about its appearance to arouse her sympathy or congratulations. I knew it contained ray fate. Tremblingly I opened it. A slip of paper fell out bearing these words : " List of the names of students who have been successful in the examination." Then followed some fifty or sixty names in alphabetical order. Hastily I glanced among the We for Philip Westford. Words cannot paint my horror when I saw it was not there ! For the first few minutes my brain seemed in a whirl. All the pains and hard work of the last two months were gone. All my ideas-yes, and Mary's too-for the future were doomed to destruction. The first thing I did when I recovered myself was to tear the obnoxious paper into a thousand pieccs and throw it on the floor. The rest of the day was passed in cursing my wretched fote. That night a letter arrived for me. It was from Mary. I guessed its contents of course; still, she was the only person I expeoted any sympathy from, so I tore it open directly. It ran thus " DEABKST Pnrtr.ir,-I cannot express to you how glad I was to see your name in the list this morning! I wrote to the secretary and asked him to send me a copy, so I should hear just as soon as you would. Allow me to congratulate you on your success." I read no more. What could she mean ? Had I not carefully searched for my name in the list and had not found it. Mechanically I looked for the pieces of paper on the floor where I had thrown them. Of course they were not there; Mrs. Skigen, the soul of ne*atncss, had cleared them away long ago. Snatching my hat from the hall stand I went out into the street and hailed a hansom. I directed the driver to go as quickly as possible to the secretary's house; of course it was uo good to look for him at his office at that time of day. Fortunately I had a true 6on of Niinshi for my conductor, and was soon landed at my destination. The secretary was rather surprised to see TOO at ten o'clock at night coming in such a hurry to his house. " Ah, oh. Nothing wrong, Mr. Balliman, I hope," he began; " I have to congratulate you on your success at the exotn." What could he mean P Here was the secretary himself saying I liad passed. " Mr. Balliman," he began again, " I " Then the truth suddenly dawned upon me. When my father sent in my name of coursc he gave "it as " Philip Balliman," and the secretary, whom I knew slightly, always culled inc by it. Doubtless his mentioning the name had brought it to my memory. I asked him to let me sec the list, and then I had the great joy of beholding the familiar words," Philip Balliman." I need not stop to describe the joy I felt at that moment, nor to relate the amusement I caused by telling him my mistake and sub sequent discovery. Let it suflicc to say that before many weeks had flown I was comfort ably established in the much coveted oflicc. A short time later Mary Layman became my wife. Amongst our treasures-relics of doys gone by-there is one I value more than all the others. It is the letter (now faded and creased) in which the first intimation of my success arrived. 