Nada the Lily." The admirers of Mr. Eider Haggard's African tales ^rill not he disappointed vn the interest which this latest product of his pen awakens. It abounds in horrors mixed with legend and romance, and it also purports to be an historical record of events now fast falling into oblivion. "Nada the Lily" is the history of the Zulu people, under the iron rule of Chaka, told by an old wizard doctor, named Mopo or Zwuse, to a wandering Englishman, Snter, woven with the tale of the bloody conquests and wholesale murders of this African Na poleon (who is said to have caused the death of more than a million human beings), is the romance of the "Lily maid," who brings trouble sooner or later to all who cross her path. Chaka starts as chief of a single small tribe, and ends as ruler of all South eastern Africa. After a reign of unparal leled success, marred by the most unnatural crimes, he finally falls a victim to the assegais of his brothers and Mopo, his chief Minister. The latter, owing to an oath sworn by Chaka, is personally spared by him many times, but his wives, famUy, and possessions full victims to the monarch's vengeance. Mopo, while apparently for many years working for the king, in realityplots his downfall. The young hero of the story, round whoih the chief in terest centres, is Umslopogaas, son of Chaka, believed by him to have been murdered at bis birth, according to orders, but in reality spared by Mopo at the intercession of his mother, Baleka. His marvellous escapee, life I among the ghost-wolves on the ghost moun- | tain, where he hunts with his blood ! brother Galazi, the wolf, his winning of ' the wonderful axe, "groan-maker," by which he becomes chief of the people of the axe, his expedition against the Halakazi thereby gaining ? possession of his supposed sister Nadu, who had been living in honourable captivity among this tribe, are some of the chief incidents in the life of this " godlike hero." The wonderful love of Nada and Umslopagaasis touchingly described, and also its final fate brought about through the hatred of Zinita, who plays a short hut active part in the story. (•) 41 Nada tho Lily," by lUder Hag gard, London, Longmans, Green, and Co.; Bns bane, Watson and Ferguson. Shcny drinkers may be interested to know that in Cadiz they can turn out a wine at 4jd. a bottle which is sold in other countries at 4e. 