"BEAUTIFUL JIM" OF THE BLANSKHIRE REGIMENT, BY JOHN" STEANGE WINTEB, The Author of ''Booties' Baby," " Houp-la "ATmy Society," "Regimental Legends," "Cavalry Life," "Mignon's Husband," &c;,, <fcc. Commenced in our Issue of '6th Feb., CHAPTER XXXV.-TOGETHER. For perhaps the first time in all the 22 years of her life, there was apparent in Nancy Barle's behaviour a spice of that dare-devil headstrong self-will, which had sent her younger brother to his ruin ! And having made up her mind to go out to Calcutta, and yet further, to reach her Beautiful Jim's side if ho didn't happen to be there, she did not let the grass grow under her feet, but set about making her preparations ot once for the journey. In vain did Sir George St. Leger repre Bent to her that for a young unmarried lady of great personal attractions to undertake so long and bo formidable a journey was a very serious matter-that the world would look upon such a proceeding as altogether out of the common, and--" » But it is out of the common," said Nancy, looking straight at him witli her her wonderful clear dove's eyes. " I am going to be married to Mr. Beresford very soon, and he has been very severely wounded,. Ho must have the most, dire need of me 1" "But people will think' altogether so odd," the little man persisted. ' " The Earles have never troubled them selves much about what people might think," said Nanoy a. little proudly; then all at once remombered that there had been one Earle who had not given much care to the traditions of his.house, though it would have been better for them all had lie done BO. The remembrance was enough to Bend the hot blood flying to her cheeks,.and she turned to her old friend with a softer manner and a gentler tone, Dear Sir George, she. said, you are very very kind.to take so much interest in me, anil I daresay you think I am a very foolish and headstrong young.woman, who ought to be looked up until she has heard what is good for .her. But indeed, I am not acting so foolishly as may seem to you. I have thought it all out, and I believe if my poor dear old father were here,and knew every thing, he would approve etwy thing that I am doing. As to my going out there, I know ho would approve ^of that; and besides you know, lam not going out to strangers. Mrs. Seton is in Calcutta and I am going straight to win. But supposing she has left it when you get there ?" ; , " I shall telegraph to her at once. If she; has to leave before i get there, she . will have made the way smooth for me, rieveri fear."';, :v :? ' , . . . , . -i Thus Sir Georg0 gave up the conflict seeing that Nancy wttg proving herself to be1 a;real chip ofthe'0ld Earle block," and, that he was but wasting his breath in arguing with her. r . And the old family solicitor had an attempt to dissuade bev from a'course which he con sidered-to pUt it:much more mildly than he did-Quixotic. V My dear lady," he said in his most legal tones, " it would not become me to flay a word as to the propriety of your scheme, and, moreover, I am convinced that your father's daughter could in , no way com promise the honour of the family, But there is one fact which you evidently overlook. It is that you are now a very rioli heiress, the Bole representative of a very old and honorable name, and that you run a groat risk of extinguishing the family altogether by exposing yourself to the dangers of a long and dangerous journey." I am bound to conless that, full of trouble and gnef and anxiety as Rhe was, Nancy, at this point, burst out laughing, the first time she had laughed for many and many a day. "I might be walking down, the street," Bhe cried.," and a chimney-pot might fall on. my head and crack it; ov l might xmm my " footing at the top of the stairs arid' tumble down and break; my neok; or f might," with . a sudden change, of tone, " 1. might stop here and eat my lie^rt out, and' he might die without seeing me-and oh! Mr. Moore, don't try to keep me; I should go right out of my.mind if .anything like that were to happen." V',1'1.;.. So she won the day and carried her point, ? <and the preparations for the journey went briskly on. She decided to take hor maid, who had been with her three years and was a very steady reliablo kind of woman, well accustomed to travelling, and also to keep Darby, who had been her father's valet for something like four times that period. With her own woman and-with Darby, she would, she knew, be more safe and also travel in greater comfort than with half-a dozen fine society ladies to do ohaperon. And, moreover, she gave a thought to the journey and back and to the comfort and help that Darby would he to her Beautiful Jim on the voyage home. And with such ^ indomitable energy did she work that by the very next P. and 0. Bteamer wont out to the shining East, she was on board, feeling it is true, a little more lonely than she would for all the world have admitted to the group of friends who Bad gone to see her off -waving rather a tearful farewell to them and her native shores. But that was a feeling which soon passed off. The novelty of hor surroundings was good for such sad thoughts as hers necess arily were, and though in a general way an unusually good sailor, she began after a few hours to feel certain very uncomfortable sort of qualms, whioh sent her off to her berth -without any desire to spend more time gazing at the fast receding shores of . her own country. And after thai, she lived the ordinary life on ship-board, coming in for a large Bbare of admiration and attention in npite of the fact, which soon became known among the passenger, that she was engaged to a man in the Blauksbiro Regi ment, who had been badly wounded in an affair with Dacoits in Burmah, and that she was going to Calcutta, and possibly even further to nurse him. They knew, too, that her brother . had been killed in the samo affair, and that her father had died about the samo time-that she was a great heiress and the last of her name. And they all said, men fir.d women alike, that tlae fellow in; the Blankshire Regiment wbs just the very luckiest man who had ever been born, if indeed he bad not been so unfortunate us to die of bis wound. < There was quite a wave of excitement on board;.when' at' Suez a telegram from, Cal cutta was brought on for Miss Earle, who, poor girl, had hardly courage enough to open it. It was short-but inexpressibly sweet. ; . " Jim 'much better. On his way here. Seton." Nancy tried hard to laugh over tho good news, and very nearly succeeded in breaking down into a Btorm of teors, the relief was so great. - Then some one called out" Three cheers for Jim-long life to him I" and straightway three rousing, Bhouts went up for the hero they had never seen ; and his lovely sweetheart, in spite of a certain dew ness about her dove's eyes, ! managed to turn the threatened outburst into smileB after all I Strangely-enough, the journey did not seem particularly long to her, nor the limu half so wearisome as sitting, at homo waiting for Jim's return would have done. There was a sense of doing something for him in every turn of the screw, iu every move ment of tho ship, in every order j that she heard given and saw carried out. And tho long voyage agreed willy her well; and, as they drew.near to their destination, she bloomed out like a rose in June, and the wistful look of sadness in her soft eyes all died out. At last it was all over, the suspense, the waiting, the putting on of the time,'and she found herself tight clasped iu Mrs. Soton's arms and her feet irod Indian soil. "Ho is well?" she asked breathlessly. " Ho is with you?" , .' Dear child, yes ; where. should he be ?" the little woman cried. " Not exactly well you know, but getting-getting on. Not well enough to come and meet you, but so awfully impatient for you. I only told him yesterday. I thonght he worry himself to a shadow if ho knew, that you were on your way. Now, I wish I had told him a few days earlier.-' And about your: baggage ? Oh i you have a man and maid! then give up your keys and come along at onco. They will manage it all far better without you. Why child, how you are trembling 1 Ah I I know-I know-you have gono through so much since, we parted," and tlien slie drew Nancy into the carriage which was awaiting .her, and bade the coachman drive straight back to the hotel. Poor Nancy could hardly breathe with excitement, and although she knew BO little and wanted to know so much, not a question came into lior mind or rose to her lips.^, ghe. only,, k'epfc one hand in Mrs. Seaion's and pressed tho other hard'upon her^breast, tojfcry to sljill the mad boating of hec&e;&t.; ^ wW Yiot for long. They arew before ft large ljotol, and the little woman by her side said, in a tone of intense relief, " Here we are," and went before her into the hous'e.^ yon will not expect to see him looking-^very robust, will-you dear child?', she said by way of preparation. " Oh I no-no," Nancy answered. " And if it is rather too much for him, if the meeting upsets him a little, you wou'L bo frightened ?" anxiously. "I will be very good every way," said Nancy, trying to smile. By this time tbey had reached the door of Jim's room, and Mrs. Seton opened it. " Here she is," she aunounced, and geutly pushed the girl in and then closed it behind her, with an imperative sigu to the .native in attendance to betake 'himself out of the,.way., , . , . M,;; .. . ; And Nanoy.went in to.find a ghost !r-or what seemed so to lier in the first shock of surprise-a gaunt skeleton lying helplessly back in a couch, with a punkah waving to and fro over his head. And then this gaunt skeletoh ;8trotohed out a skinny hand to her/aindjBbe. realised that it was, her love -her Jim-whom she had popie so far to help ; aud then there was a 'rush, a souffle, and the next moment she.was down upon her knees beside him, holding his head upon her breast, and it was all right I Somehow, now that I have got to this, point,,! cannot tell more about that meeting, it is too sacred a thome for me to write or you to read-it belongs to themselves alone', , and you and I are in reality only . outsiders, though I have loved Beautiful Jim dearly, very dearly, and I hope that you have loved him too. But ! can and will tell you just what happened afterwards-£ow the happy days slipped by, and with each one Jim got a little stronger and shook off more and more of the weakness and lassitude which he had brought as "his portion out of Burmah. How ho began, after a while, to totter about in an uncertain baby sort of fashion on his very own feet, with only the slight support of Nancy's slim young arm to help him-how they began to take lovely drives in the early mornings and in the cool of the evening, and best of all, how one day she said, quite simply and unconcernedly, "If you go on improving like this, dear, we shall be able to get married ever so much sooner than I thought.'1 And then poor Jim blurted out' the last faint shadow of his doubts and sorrows of thoir past. " My darling," he said, trembling in spite of himself," " do you think I am quite free to take advantage of-of-circum stances?" v:. . ' ^ ? Wi Nancy looked, as she felt, startled. " Why not, Jim ?" she aBked, her thoughts flyiug wildly to some obgtaole of which,she'was in ignorance. >' v " Of course wo "oan please oursolyes; but your father's objection was possible danger and trouble to you in the future," Jim answered. .' Ana, of course, j'oung Tommy is dead now, poor chap, and I don't want to say or. feel anything against him; but supposing poor Owen's death was brought up again and thoy fixed upon me ? I might find it very awkward and " but Nancy had risen and gone out of the room, and while Jim was still wondering' afc the suddenness of her movement, she came back with a sealed packet in her hand. " I foresaw something of this," she said quietly, as she broke the seals, " and that last day afc Blankbarcptou 1 made Stuart leave your safety in my hands," and then she gave him the paper, and ho read the poor dead lad's passionate confession, * * * A few days later the heiress of the Earles and Beautiful Jim of the Blanksbire Regi ment wore wed, very quietly and simply, with only Mrs. Seton and a man who had been very good to him in the first days of his long illness, to witness it; so it was over " And nil \vns ended now nnd the fear nnd the sorrow, - All the ndiing of honrt, the restless, unsatisfied longing, All the dull, deep pnin, and conBtnnt anguish of . piltiCDCC." [THE END.] ; > 