NEWS BY MAIL. (From Papers to Mi November.) THE JEWEL SLANDER CASE. Tho trial of the much talked-of action, Leader v. Smyth, commenced before Mr. Justice Day and a special jury in the Court of Queen's Bench on Tuesday. The action was to recover damages for alleged slander, and was brought by Mrs. Olivia Claudine Leader, wife of Lieutenant Leader, of the Suffolk Regiment, agaiuat Mrs. Smyth, wife of Major-General Gibbons Smyth. Tho former is suing the latter for damages for an alleged slander uttered in connection with the loss by tho defendant of a diamond brooch. Coxtejipt of Court, Immediately the court oponed, Mr. Lock- wood rose and called attention to what ho alleged to be a repetition of the contempt of court on the part of tho Morning, of which he complained on the previous day. [The paper in quostion had published a version of tho case givon by ono of tho parties.] Mr. Winch made as graceful an apology on behalf of the editor of that journal, Mr. S. R. Bennett, as was possible in the circum- stances. It was evident from the Judge's occasional interruptions and from his refusal to listen to Sir Edward Clarko, who pleaded to bo hoard as amiens euria;, that his mind was mado np on the side of severity. In a few stem sentences Mr. Justice Day expressed a very strong opinion of the enormity of Mr. Bennett's contempt, and ended by fining him X100 and costs, and the publisher £50 and ooats. The trial of the action Lender v. Smyth was thon proceeded with. Tun Cask fou Tim Plaintiit. Mr. Lockwood, in oponing the case for the plaintiff, stated that tho slander com- plained of waa uttered on the 31st Octobor and the 3rd Novombor. The plaiutiff was the wife of Porogrino Loador, lieutenant in the Suffolk Regiment, and daughter of Colonel Thompson, a rotirod colonel in the army, now resident in Argyll road, Kensington. Her husband, although the son of an English officer, had boon brought up and educated in Canada, and only carno to this country when about to embark on his chosen profession. Tho plaintiff was married on 3rd December, 18S0, and her husband shortly afterwards embarked for Egypt, whither she followed him, and thoy took up their residence at Cairo. While she was residing thoro she received from Captain Chonovix Tronch, then stationed in India, a brooch as a wed- ding prosont. The brooch was in the shape of a small gold bar studded with five dia- mond stars, and on which wero faatenod two crescents in brilliants. After lier ro turn to England Mrs. Loador, desiring to add to a silver toilet set, decided' to sell or oxchnngo this brooch for such an articlo as she wanted. For that purpose she took tho brooch to the shop of Mr. Stokes, near tho residence of her father, to whom abo was well known ; but boing dissatis- fied with the prico offorod she did not part with the brooch. Sho, howevor, bought the article abo "required thoro. That was on the 21at of September, 1891. On tho 22nd sho went, nccompanied by Captain Hill, a friend of hers, to the shop of a jeweller named Dibdin, in Sloane-squaro, where she exchanged the brooch for a clock and £1 15a. in money. On the 23rd of September ahe visited Mrs. Smyth, nnd on the 28th of the same month Mrs. Smyth accompanied her to her bankers, whoro she withdraw £250 for her expenses on the voyage to India, &o.; On the 81st of October, after Mrs. Leader had gone to India, Mrs. Smyth called at Dibdin's shop, and on discovering that the brooch had boen sold by Mrs. Leader she accused that lady of having stolon it from hor, she having missed a brooch, and plaoed the case in the hands of the police, some time before. Counsel stated, hoyvever, that in the police description of the articlo the number of stars said to bo on the bar was eight, yvhereas on Mrs. Leader's broooh the number was five. Mrs. Smyth de- manded that tho brooch in Mr. Dibdin's Eossession should be givon up to hor, and o eventually consented, but refused to pay three guineas demanded as expenses. All this time no intimation had beon made to Mrs. Leader of the aoousation against her, and it yvas not until the 11th of December that Mrs. Smyth wroto a letter to Mrs. Leader charging her yvith taking the brooch, and demanding that five guineas should be sent to cover the costs incurred in order to avoid publicity. Mrs. Leader yvas indig-1 nant, and returned to this country to raise the present action and otherwise repel the charge. The contention of Mrs. Smyth was originally that Mrs. Leader visited her on the 22nd ; but, Mrs. Loader being able to sboyv by the evidence of Mr. Stokes that the broocti had been in her possession on the 21st, the defendant changed the alleged date of the visit to the morning of the 21st. He asked the jury to give weight to that circumstance in considering any conflict in the evidence as to the dato of the visit. He hoped to show the jury by the evidence that the plaintiff had the brooch in her possession long before the time referred to, and it yvas a circumstance to be considered that at the time she was accused of this paltry theft there yvas stand- ing to her husband's credit at the bank the sum of £542. The broooh, too, yvaB an ordinary one, such as was manufactured in large numbers, and there yvas no improba- bility in the supposition that each of the ladies possessed a brooch of this kind. That to an ordinary mind would, he thought, have offerod itself as the true solution of the case. But Mrs. Smyth had persistently pursued this cruel charge. If the plea of justification failed it would be hard indeed to assess the amount of damages that should be awarded, bntho impressed upon the jury i that the primary motive of Mrs. Leader was to repel this accusation in open court and not to obtain damages. (The jurv found for the plaintiff yvith .£500 damages.] TERRIBLE TRAGEDY IN IRELAND. I A terrible occurrence took place on Mon- I day night, 81st October, at the police barracks at Ballinadrina, county Kildare. I Constable Pilkington attacked Sergoant J Rogan and his family in the barracks, killing the unfortunate officer, his wife, and four children, and seriously wounding three others. It appears that no one else was in ' the station at the time. Sergeant Rogan had been stationed at Ballinadrina for some time, and he and his wife and seven children lived in the barracks. There were also stationed in the place three constables, and it is surmised that two of them were on patrol duty, and that Pilking- ton was acting as barrack orderly , when the murders were committed. ' Tho sergeant had been twenty-two years in the service, and Constable Pilkington had ' served for ten years, and was unmarried. ' Both men bore excellent characters. No motive can be assigned for the crime, but it is believed that Pilkington was suffering from a sudden fit of insanity. He fatally shot himself after endeavouring to set the barracks on fire. Dr. Joseph Smyth, coroner for County Kildare, hold the inquest at Ballinadrina on AVodnesday. From the evidence of a district inspector it appeared that the two men had always lived on the very best of terms, and that Rogan had on several occa- sions urged Pilkiugton's claims to promo- tion. Medical testimony showed that the adults were killed by revolver shots, and the children by blows from a baton, and this was borne out by tho statement of one of the four surviving children, one of whom is not likely to recover. Mr. Nugent, J.P., read tho statement which had been made by the little girl Elizabeth, which was to the following effect :-" In the middle of the night we were all woke. Father and mother, with all my brothers and sisters, nine in number, were all in father and mother's room. The door opened, and some one entered the room, and a match was lighted by the person entering, and then I saw it was Constable Pilkington. He then fired three shots. I heard my mother say ' That is a shot,' and that was all. After he fired the shots he had a stick in his hand, with which he struck down all tho chil- dren. I was leaving the room after being struck, when he caught hold of me and asked me was I mad also, and he cried at the same time. I locked the door of the room on the inside, but he came back and burst it, and beat tho children again. He then went out, and I heard a shot fired." Tho jury returned a verdict to the effect that the deceased had been murdered by Constable Pilkington. The foreman said that they returned thanks to Almighty God that the little child Elizabeth had been spared to tell the tale, otherwise their country people might have been under a terrible suspicion. In the caso of Pilking- ton a verdict of suicido while temporarily insane was returned. THE METROPOLITAN TABERNACLE. On Monday night, 81st October, the Rov. Dr. A. T. Piorson, temporarily rosuming tho pastorate of tho Metropolitan Taber- nacle presided at the usual wookly prayer meeting, which was numerously attended. On making his appearance on the lower platform, acoorupauiod by the office-bearers, ho was grootod with a good deal of applause Presently a well-dressed man roso in a front seat of tho first gallery, and in a load voice said, " Boforo Dr. Piorson is hoard I claim tho right to put a quostion. The question ia (Interruption, and crios of ' Put him out.') I claim my right. I wish to ask-(fo- llowed shouts of ' Sit down.') I will not sit down. My question is whether Dr. Piorson is an immersed believer ? " Sovoral malo members of tho congregation went to the interrogator and tried to pacify hiin. Ho, howovor, doclined their friondly overtures, wheroupon an effort was made lo move lum from tho pow. Meanwhile an elderly man sitting on the seat immediately behind him loudly repoatod the quostion. lie waa at once forcibly led along tho pasaago and taken to tho top of tho outer staircase, where ho was met with cries of " Shame" and " Send for a policeman and lock bim up." A hymn was now given out, and while it was being sung the first disturber was carrying on an altercation with thoao who woro attempting to eject him. After a strugglo ho was got out of the pew and taken outside the building. On ordorboing restored, Dr. Pierson advanced to tho front of the platform amid a further demonstra- tion of wolcome. Ho hoped, ho Baid, his hearers would not bo disturbed by what had taken place, ne boho ved the Holy Ghost was there, and that he had como amongst thom in fulfilment of a divino commission, nis first utterance would be one of prayer, and ho asked thom all to accompany him with a pure heart and a huinblo voice to thoir Father's Throne. At the close of tho dovo tioual oxorcises, in whioh one of tho office- bearers also took part, the rev. gentlpumn delivered a short address, taking as his text the first six verses of tho 42nd chapter of Jeremiah, ending with the words : " Whether it be good or whethor it be evil, wo will obey tho voice of the Lord our God, to whom we send thee," Sie. Ho pointed out that a minister of the Gospel was not a lord over God's heritage, a tyrant, or a dospot, but a mediator between God and man. The difficulty and responsibility of a Christian minister was not sufficiently appreciated. It was not the man that had to bo considered, but the sacredncss of Iiíb office, no matter whether ho who hold it wero old, ignorant, or learned. He had aeon how dangerous it was to trifle with the ministry of Christ. Some thirty years ago in America an attempt was made to oust from hie pas- torate an old man and put in his place a person according to thoir own worldly minds ; but on the day when the thing was to bo done the very man who waa to throw tho bomb of discord amongst the con- gregation suddenly fell dead. He (Dr. Pierson) did not recoil that incident as applying to anything connected with the Tabernacle ; God forbid that he should do so. Ho did not want reverence, albeit he desired to gain thoir continued respect. Whatsoever the Lord said to him, ho would declare, whether for good or evil ; and ho trusted that what waa so declared would be received meekly and in faith. If they all consecrated tnemselvea to the saving of souls, they would make hot work for the devil this winter, and give occasion for re- joicing by the saints on earth, as well as among the angels in Heaven. A VIENNA LOVE TRAGEDY. The Vienna correspondent of tho Daily News, telegraphing on 81st October, says :-An extraordinary murder was committed boro yesterday by a youth of l8, the victim being a pretty girl not quite 16. At 10 last night a carponter's apprentioo named Wittmann went to tho police station of a southern suburb to announce that his master's sister, Rosa Sewald, had beon murdered. A commission went to the house, and it was immediately seen that the body of the girl was not in the position in which the murderer could have loft it. The manner of the apprentice threw suspicion upon him. On some neighbours saying that ho was a rejected admirer of the dead girl, ho was taken into custody. It was found that his hair had dried blood in it, and he yvas immediately shorn to savo this evidence. On being questioned for hours together,' he at last admitted his guilt, and said that he meant to commit snicide by droyvning himself in the Danube, only he felt afraid because ho had not been to j confession since ho committed the crime. ¡His victim's brother says he yvas a good yvorkman, but was utterly spoiled by read- ing trashy novels. For several weeks it had boon noticed that he persecuted tho girl Rosa, and she had repeatedly said to per- sons in the house that the yvay he yvent on yvas shameful. Wittmann states that yes- terday he asked her to go out yvith him, and when she refused him and threatened she would toll her brother about him, the thought carno to him that ho yvonld uko to murder her. Ho took up a yvooden ham- mer and struck her on tho head with it till sho yvas dead. He then dragged the body to a corner of the room, coverod the blood on the floor with sawdust, changed his clothes, and yvont out to tho Danubo. Thero, hoyvovor, ho changed his mind, and thought ho yvould slab himself. At 9 o'clock ho returned home and found his mastor, yvho had just arrived there. AVhon tho body yvas discovered in the corner, ho touched tho girl's bosom, and criod " AVhy, sho is absolutely cold. Oh, Rosa, Rosa 1 Threo hours later ho yvas arrestod. 