BALLARAT HOLINESS CONVEN TION. THIRD DAY. The sessions of the Holiness Convention were again held yesterday at the Lydiard street Wesleyan Church. Notwithstanding the inclemency of the weather, there were over 200 persons .at the 7 o'clock prayer meeting, which was led by the Rev. A..R. Edgar; At the morning session at 10 30 there was a very large attendance. The. Rev. J. Watsford presided. The Rev. E. Turner said we do not keep ourselves, we are kept by the Good Shepherd of the flock. Christians who wish to fly to Heaven right away are selfish. There are too many sinners to be saved for Christians to want to go sweeping through the gates of Heaven in such a hurry. God wants us to be kept in the world to salt society. What would Ballarat be without the Godly men and women? The city would be a hell on earth. He, the speaker, wanted to work for God while he had any vitality. The president here thanked God for the great success of the prayer meeting that morning, and expressed joy that souls had been saved. The Rev. C. Lancaster said his only desire was to speak for his Lord and Master. He trusted God would give them a meek and teachable spirit to receive His truth. Some persons objected to the exuberance of feel ing seen at conventions, but they were in the position of a man looking down a chimney at a fire. He would only get the smoke in his eyes. Why not come inside and enjoy the warmth and comfort of the fire, and then they would be in a position to speak about it. They were exhorted in the Scriptures to “Rejoice evermore, to pray without ceasing, and in everything give thanks unto God for this is the will of God concerning us.” Many preachers proclaimed these truths and experiences, as articles of theology, as something to look forward to and press after. They were not able to tell their people by experience of the joy of the blessed life. Thank God many were being led into the realisation of the faithful pro mises of God. They were to rejoice always. That meant 365 days in the year, and 366 in leap year. When the Lord came into a man’s heart he came to stay if the man would let him. There was infinite love, peace, and joy in Christ, and it was inde pendent of circumstances Paul and Silas and others have rejoiced in prison. The Rev. J. E. Harrison also spoke of the great blessings he had personally received by giving himself as a full surrender to God. In the afternoon the addresses were given by the Rev. Matthew Hart, of Footscray, and the Rev. S. Y. Blackwell, B.A., of Talbot. The Rev. M. Hart spoke of Jehovah’s titles and God’s wondrous pro vision. He referred to the faith of George Mueller, who had 4000 children to feed each day, and to Dr Barnardo and his work. During his address. Mr Hart referred to faith-healing. This, he said, should be called Christ healing, as the healing flowed from Christ, as the result of the exercise of our faith, Christ was able and willing to heal every sin-sick soul to-day. If Christ were not present that afternoon in the Lydiard street church He was nowhere. Let them stretch out their hand of faith and be healed, and when they were healed they would know it, and their friends would know it. There was a trinity of evils to contend against—the world, the flesh, and the devil. Let them come into the Lord’s banquetting house. There was a pot of manna there, a pot of oil, the Paschal Lamb, fountains of living water, and flagons of wine. The best robe in God’s wardrobe is Christ’s righteousness. If they truly loved God, one might see in their faces the sweet effects of the cleansing blood of Christ. Christ was in them, the hope of glory; and their hands and lips, feet and intellect, were touched by the power of the Holy Ghost. This was the thing to keep men out of public-houses, the theatre, and from using profane language. The Rev. S. Y. Blackwell, B.A., then gave his personal testimony to the clear and definite possession of the higher Christian life, God would keep that man in perfect peace whose mind was stayed on Him. In the evening the church was again crowded. The. Rev. J. Watsford occupied the chair. The convention choir, under Mr Fricke and Miss Newell (organist), which has rendered splendid service throughout the affair, was present in full force, and the singing was a marked feature of the even ing. The Rev. Mr Rogers opened with prayer. A thank-offering was taken up on the ex penses of the convention, and amounted to £32 8s 9d. The president asked any who had received benefit from the convention and desired to give further thank offerings to interview the ministers of the various churches. The Rev. Allan Webb said that many seek by efforts of their own to attain sancti fication. They must throw away their instru ments of torture and rubbish heap of old relics, and Christ would fill their hearts when they were emptied of self. As they walked in the blazing light of God the con science became sensitive. Sometimes it was a pipe in the way, and sometimes a feather. The Rev. Dr Porter said he was full up of this joy of the Holy Ghost, Mathematicians could not make figures enough to measure the breadth and height and depth of the love of God. Avery successful after meeting was held. The convention will be continued this morning, at 7 o'clock, and this afternoon and evening, when an evangelistic service will be held. During the progress of the convention the following ministers have attended, and most of them have taken part as opportunity offered:—The Revs. Moses Bullas (Egerton), D. S. Lowe (Daylesford), E. A. Wellard (Allendale), W. Y. Blackwell, B.A. (Talbot), S. Hoban (Ararat), E. Steggall (Castlemaine), J. Cowperthwaite, B.A., James Lowe, E. T. Cox, C. Lancaster, W. S Macqueen, T. R. Cairns, —Nicholls (China Inland Mission), E. Turner, J. B. Johnson, S. Cuthbert, A. Rogers, J. Tylee, A. Hartlett, Allan Webb (Geelong), Samuel Knight (Prahran), J. H. Ingham (Drysdale), Dr Porter, C. Cameron, H. K. Hutchison, B.A. (Hamilton), J. E. Harrison, J. Wilson, G. Cameron, J. A. Burns (Buninyong), W. Thomas, J. A. Balshaw, W Seccomb. Let ters were received from the Ven. Archdeacon Langley, Rev, J. A. Blackett, and John McNeil, B.A., regretting inability to at tend. 