Tbe ItoUtc o'f Chains? A GENUINE AUSTRALIAN . GHOST ' YARN. ? BtG.B.D. [WBZTXEK FOB THE ^CHBISTHXS BUPPLE3CENT OF THE ' XEECUEY.'] I t- don't profess to write stories, but being asked to contribute something Aus tralian, yet savoring of Christmas^ my only resource is to dish up an old expierience of mine. Australian housas have no mooted' granges, hidden stair cases, or sealed cham bers. Many a bushman's house has neither roof nor walls, - and his open-air abode is an unpromising place in which to lookfpr a ghost. In all the ghost stories of my youth the rattle of chains has been an important feature in the agony, and the hour of midnight,, with pitchy dnrVn*--m or brilliant . moon -beams ? always served the purpose of a fitting frame for the TtinfMro Tt tA mrionji that mv own nersonal experience of ghostly visitations ? should hare worked in the rattle of chains, but all the other accessories noted above were wanting. The moated grange was an old delapidated bark humpy, quite incapable of hidden staircases and locked chambers, and the ghostly hour of midnight was 3* placed' by evening twilight and breaking morn. And now for the story. A couple of years Ago I was travelling with a small mob of horses with my xoid mate Joe 'FT nil -when one Say near Gympie wo came to an old humpy which looked to us a good place for a camp as there was good water in the creek not twenty yards away. Joe boiled tbe billy and after we had finished tea we squatted at the fire for a smoke. There wero no traces of tho hut being inhabited so we did not expect to bo disturbed but soon aftro sundown we heard what sounded to : us like the rattling of the chains of a bullock team coming towards us from the other side of the creek. The sound came nearer crossed tho creek and came right up to tho door. Joe said — 44 Here's tho owner of this place come back again ; put tho fire together and shove the billy on.' — I did^po.and Joo went to the door to meet the arrival. When he got there he could . see no one so called me out but never a thing could we see though we bDth had heard the : chains - rattling distinctly. . We talked the thing over and then turned in. Next morning about sunrise we were considerably- startled by hearing the same sounds only as it seemed leaving the ' humpy crossing the creek and returning the way they had come the night before. We went down the creek and followed tho sound but could see nothing and the sounds srradually died away in the distance. We shifted from this sweet ! spot as ' quiet, as we could and you bst I am not anxious to spend another night thero. Tho next day wo were told that the hut had belonged to a bullocky who was murdered and that every morning the sounds are heard of his team leaving and in the evening the same returning. ? . . . ^ - Of course, sceptical reader, you will say wo had 'the liviar,' or some equally horriblo complaint. I do not propose to argue the point. If you- do not believe this story, well you . are not the person for whom I have 'written. - Anyhow if you doubt me still, ask Joe Hall. 