li ' E' "R ii l I ijPTd ) RISi A SItRMON O t IN'Ti\EMPEANt .I -:. The Rev.; Father Sherman, ondibf the RcdenmtoristI Faithers, delivered a sermon in St. Joseph's Church,.Betialla; on Tucsday'evening last, on the above subject .He took forhis text the fdl lowing," jFor many iralk of whhonsI have told you of:en, and now tell .you, even weeping, that they are the enemies of the Cross of Christ, whose endd is destriction,vwhios belly is their G'd, and whose glory is their shame who miiliid earthly tlings,'?wordstakein fronm Philippians, chapter 3, verses i8 and sp. Startiijgdhigj [discoir'se ffo'dn these words, he said : You can havelittle idea of the inter est which tills s priest's mind whn ilie ies the.iictiim of idrinuk'lhbfo"b him .whlen;?h; sites the didrunkeu father-, or is .hit is st ill iworse?the diriiikie inoi0her. Th ti t'tts o lie hihedisilylot of nil ,;-mi yet, .'deir 'irethren -it inmay Ie said to be the daily lot of the pilest, for. when --he -goes out in 'the .morning on his message of itercy;, hejis likelyj.-th'e hdnrices s?rten to .one--to ose some victim of do bIuclistry, lithqr iti ithe n?rning;;or late iit ni flit, + o.is just riovering from the effectiof dri?iik If ite gooout at mid day and pass by thie hotels e will thero fii?d.menu.wslio asvry eyes and face's are tlhanieg frol hlviing. drunkotbo,msei ;s itid ifltHe -goiith tim t ihie; 4,ilsie will 'setimlti'niasiic'(I halh'sosn'tlt uyself)'a little child, perlatps, goeiii away friom the ihotel- wi th a?jug of heor in its hanld carrying it home to its drunken parents; and .soi'ehtinmes ho; is lilled uls.at ziglht, especially in tho u;gelgoweosD; entd, as Iso goes aloig theistree to attenid sdtme body who is ill, how oftlen dos hlie not see It drnlllken man in the hanllds of some infamounl??s womani . How ofteni are not his ears horrilied _lythi, co?arsea iekitshiiul di'ngs oftihe ibbli;'cPeri'haps lie goes in to.alalouseo.dl ly to seo there some youngi man whomldrink isa.ring .ingto:s.nt' en, y grayeo, tor; onme:druinken wontlnusi?Iutl, plis ll'er-l'rturus to hics It mne, even thiers, I say, thl peace of thint hbone isjbroken ii .upon by the story of somei pior,pomaini ywho is suffering from tidrunpkcn;-hsbaid. And when heake,,pti ileinc ;\;gspaperslof, h day, aestion h bin t'lho naid cases doeshcnn ? see ier e there ivhit sorrogliass eds bcnc shi liby si for drinkiand with a ;motion of'ingisishr he c. hsd !ifts his, hands, ,to. Heavinp and stcy' lib, yot, Oh i;drd, blot oidt tlhis.':t'iriblc,;e t hint rvil ?" es,,it is a ilost terrible thing. k, on And it is the thought of thi? ?fiat gives. at ite Priest:courage to spck"out'asgainr r n in tit, ard `iwhicii ·'it ould a:ppearyial at for' hunanmcanmeansreincapabl~f sta?ingofll ga I'dd not kno.v wlhether drintking is ery it e I"sd out iere:; but I can'tcl you that in 'rdi.t oilier countries it is a terrible vice. At all events I know that theie'is'"such ?a thing as drunkenness out here;andthere and fre s of it "tts:i'ht' with; a liheaines of heart, But still Iholpe to adnmt Ily biefoie yout'fd+es tliotit'shich I ItI may telp to raise the drutnkaid 'fron ive: his ?tery' Air 11 thes' ihotights are to. was be found-in the,very words of. St 'Paul f ini thed t' tiiti; whicli, Jbeganf. The:'l ull first thoughlaitill'tt's lay Before you is that the druikard makils a :iGod ofhis c m." liddy'; 'ti secoiid is fliat hie l"oriflis ii aid' in ishis's ' shnile ,; a "id' thei tlhird d:'s Os a'ts "tat the "iid of the" drunkard is. a destruction. Now ".what -a tian II doi, ;for .j thel. shkel' bf' hi'f'P.bad~ £lli 'Cirlia tt senses have doone for the sak a,- of Almighty God; vhen:;a rian subjects not himself altogether to his libdy, just as' the sensed lhave subjectied themselves in God-whenidalan l es iitthi o other:ols; i ject than to gratify: his body, tlatima,i .ti of Isay, makesaGodof0 hii body;,and this km iot is e.actly-thelcase with the'unfortimate: 'e drunkard. , He ,lives, altogether; for' g \- tsensul' indulgences aitd to gratify:tliat r r passion wliich is in hint for drink.i :'iThe drunkarddoes riot rise lighcr' thtai teli to theoughtl dr drink. He abuses alI the lih as, niturcal and Aill' the supernatural gifts pc at, of God for the -sake of his miserable ai l- ?idy.: He sacrilices to that body his en health? .liis Wealth,?; his fanily, his re, cri putationt and his reason; 'arid he sacri- hi ' ficies the very grace of God. ;-And thatl br .is why, I:say, tlhat th6edruinaard isahkesi- a' God, of his body.-! Iook at ft:iat stra a Iypa titan,;. or thtit iniddle aged ann, as so who, on ly,a few years ago possessed imt say . excelleit: constitution, developed its the say midst of the most favorable eircuiima oth stances:- People ,'looking at hiin were by itruck by I:lthe .di aly bearin,oof :.his hin body .and. remarked to thetnselves .go wh;vi A:laifie specimei -eof a riin that loul i. " Butsuddenly.that man ttakes to can drink and in a few short years-whait a ito aoefuil chatige takes".place in aim.I His Hol eyes aire" starting froin his 'head-- they doe are discolored; lahe is flushed; his liands `stbai trefibl?; his feet'ire csdihrceljy"ahle to Ans support- his weakened body;:his.sleep, awn 'too; is broken aiind has ginagation hi conjures up the most extraordinary im the }ages .in short he is a wreck, a shadow. him of :ahatiheonce' asfor disease is inaking do' its stay thirough his body and the 'still' I':i waorse disease of his' mind- his delu' rive ionis arc .fitting liinl for thed .lunaitic i f asylum. Anid what is it that .has dore 'deist alt this to that 'iians-that.awhicl has to I worked such: a woeful change of' one.imi iihoa' but anfew years ago; "was such 'a ilp] splendid specimen of 'nianidtod. It you was because; as-tthe Holy Ghost. says, "'lie lboloed o. tlihe avie " " He Itook and it i;n gently aiid when it got into' him a st ,it' spread about its "poison like the riest basilisk;. Tliie '1oly Ghost tells'.us 'co'l wisne'i the 'distruction cfmany-'.not piste imnere-lyfthat stiuffwe call wirine,. butll' fore strongliqutior that ais taken to iexcess.. n' That man..was _warned,,.he. was' told her ) what wias 'ikely~ .to happen to. hini" Atid' Some friend said to him, "if you go on mail this way you'll destroy your constitution. irliic Biut he answers, " I need.hi drinik. i1 vied want it because I am hard at work. I than 'have thoghtdlong'hSouf," or he mkes' bhek' aoO?hother:excuse. t lutJwhat hscame ehipp fo pass? ''He has shattered liis cotisti- of ti tution by excessive drinking. For a way imomtent it gave: him a little .strength, as is bat after a feWhianutes the etects pass corps away and tlici'h'e flinds hiniself weaker' wys than. he was before.'- And what i the dece result? "He hlts sacrificed his h'ealth a chli for:the: sake of tihe apietites of his you, miiiserable'..body. And ais the Holy morn Ghost says, those that drink and-those hies a that club together for its sake shall be Vlhat clothed 'in "ags; Uplwards ofl one might hundred and'forty ;million, pounds are say. t spentaeveiryyear in drink.i ;If we ionly 6 'wiit had thatslook at all thegood that could the bedione:'with--all the cliurches! and morts 'scholis tilat could be, built :throughout those tie'li'ld.'. ;But, ?a I have said. before, ofl'ati go into the house of the drunkard and diiy look:at thait uinfortuinate: man. Why flesh, doi? lie lie' in sucli ' a place: as' this? as the His roof is half off the house; the namel winter blasts ruslf through "tlie walls; i, d the windows are broken; there is no nordi fire inti e place; there is no solidifood dbus in time house. And why' is this the a pia case? Because the miserable wretch When lias aspait his ea'rnihss im drink. Look: They at"the poor little.children-pinched ti" wielk in'the face; ,aid ipoveritystricken look itig, nothing., about tlie l place- w:hich d gives an idea, of the comfort ofa home. But Ls the Holy: Ghost tellSn us, the us) drunkard shill riot he rich. His weailtt oti has bIeen wasted at hotcls, :shouting for er lIis. conipaitons,:iaand , feedinig his, iirO miiserable body.'i And: would to ,Go'd s+ d, that the mlisery ended ther.:? Birtut it tersi doIssi'ti ·The" 'iduilkard iia:aia 'rried ret man, and, not satisfied -vaith inflicting injury on himnself, hele milst brimig :the same upon his wife and family? -lhis Hos t ichildretare Irin ?;rasnidr lbbk: atho it tlo, shoeless fleet? But" more-- ?thy are laiss kept away fromschool .on t+week diays, wih i 'from Mass.oanS Sumid,'ysi hid otheiwise fuis do derived iLof.ll th'iat is requlired for thiu'i: Ftii little souls and bodies and of all that eitllcr is calculaed to make them good and the to diseful citizens.. l'Then angain, look at sith tt the ivrretib's wife: --he has beaten her ttilyat1 blaeckand blue,. And:why,? Because' , .s her hlusband is a drunkard. Look at oftie thS childrer+a little lohg'ai--tlscy are Oiatan crying for a bit of bread and thle poor alt little creatures a tre tated3 by their tRti drunken father as a lioness would not ' treahet-er culma-T'lhen~ 'iii;'lib W ctii te we rSt fti'd,s'strs to ;+pipre5s ?ur horror - for''" tlied wio'oin'who) is?miiuiikard II t i ar into her house and ,look at r o her--hd o h?air is hanging down over hcrshoulders, praea lier face is'unwashed;iand she;is? lereft rogi every SsOneqotdece cylidomsdIyoiwinj h'l nf~u~u.~i~l~,~C I''>';,:~:~ql Atsee modesty3 Listerl ti" Me'f tty+irg to d, by babble out' a"fe??incoherent words--a sis he women, who should :be, a inmdel of sysy .purity andiomodesty., Butwhat~can be 1 e'ill' elpected fro6m?siSci writchl?d parents ribleas these they 'are sacrificing their very hiag. finmily to their craving for drink- mak. ives. iig `their, body a God lieforef whom sints- they-s)aysthersery members of their 'o-ll own hoisehlold. 3utitliere is another igoff thing the drunkardl iateifies, add that cery is hIs reputattion.: ,few? years ngbo; iatin when he wsas-n:sober mani.ypeopli' re iAt spected hin i,don'tciIlre w tat position Is 'a in life le occupied-whether he Inwas n a icne . poor farmner or ven a laborer.(l And I a wIly? -becniucherinlinded and respected ie to hitiits?lf ' , " - "ioins ie cifint ?g? t ,m ilch 'piyifctit riot 'i nun;n:il trust ,hiiti, ýron? not even wilth, asil aillb , bicuse it is to vell-knowifthatitliitver 'osionhey) is aul given'himn sill go into tihe till of the ihe public ifouse?, Alidaheires istthe roiia l is llho will trust hint itm li" sectcel ? • No his one:for as the. Holy: l.Ghos'aigys there lies isno secret iiere drunkennessri' re.neth. is Or hedreis.i the an s ho wants a suit 1 sis able -husliand for, his diiigliter .4iill nan have anythifi to do with himi ? \v at ad' kinfdo6f rcpltation 1Isi lie.-i- very ui nko favorable ont. A. sihe passes aling ti? acts streetor, iis lie lies helpless in the as' gtter, stitli the ;very dogs conmitg Ati tn Aind smelling hlil (I have seen thist; oh ?inyssll)'tlie little children are pbinting nis .thi liiiger of. scorn at him,. He is his knowito ibe as drunk.rd and lias ,no ate reputiatiodn Every;`ituman being'llias' for gut, a certain -gift from God i which a ,t raises hiiti'bove thl brutes of-the field he and which gives to himn a,'sre'nrnblance lie, to thie s?gels, lwhiclih iisakes hli! God lie like, W'liat is thit ?. It is the reason he ts posgesses. s It-is t at'.iriicli _rises him ale above all the. other creatures Of this its earth, labove all thue works of God's Li e creationin-iis're?sosn, his .'itellect and' on ri his mind 'coinblised. But- I siy, d.ar icti at brethren, the drunkard has ?no reason es: -he get6 deprivdid of it. I;tflie use of tei at strong drink. Thlire.is.ni such thing ,: as .reason in a drunken inasl-w; aight k i'( say'to dhim in' fact; ivdit, ihe Psalmists - say of the idols of wood and'stone antd nos Iother i atiieitdrinals i?ltic dwere wsorsliipped n by the pagans of theioldein time. :( sk S i ,hin: thie timdeof tlic diy-- hows do you stre s. go dowiu to Nunn-street 9'--nnd lae will Ag t lodoklt you like. :'iidiot,"sinmply be cause his reason lins left hintm: !He has n iio-' power::. ti' tindri staid for ?s the Holy' Ghost 'says, ;:'inman, ' ien lia - dy oes-'iot -"understands? is _,iioe the a'esinbseleis bliestof thu field- brdutllised. CO And, why? 1Becausoe .Ihethas taken .aeway from. liml?self thit wlichi made '11 himt difltrent fromin thi.?beast: ~ 'rn the drutikarudi,- of his :'danger tell iI him . the s.will lose"i life if lihe do--no- take care iand tell' him lis:is waking'.'up tlio battl of i ideep.. ' river,.on? ' railway line or in the midst of lri?hit?i.lIery. ere he is gdiii to vards that 'destructiori; .but whatv : does hle ;care ? Frtu lie has no sii)d to utiidir.stiid' you- H eimply:looks; sit.,y0ou and.. fills downl helpless-tinm the guotter. LB?e m give T you ani example: I . ''he preacher here reolted it story of ao man w lto not many years ago died in a state of drunkennessa,althodgli the TOl1 rieste i?i'h 'attenelcd hiia did' all that could "apossibly :be - ildon to'; admi-. nititei' himin spirituial consolutioi be.l foie his deatlhi In fact- the -wretched ntatn's wife herself;:,iei,'druink,' while. her husband :i-was on his death-bed. Atid thatliwas e otly one case of the j itmany mnore of the same kind, hesaid, "iliicl occur every year through, tlhe vied alluded to. But a still worse case: TOI than this, ihe said, occurred some [ time bkol'-ini the) s'urtli of ETIgland. It 'ha'pipeisrd!at if?'ei l -all tho relations '15. of theo dead man got, drun?k on :their rats I way to the burying ground, and, as as result,- the coffin t containing the A' it corpse was -- found on ; the :waysidle: and the relations of the -deceased- two n two m woimen and ai child-all insensible beside ic.] Cn you, ho continued;: imtinoe any hing stock, more horrible-than this ? But everyov e hits .a gift . flir ni hoblier .'tin reIson. hVlaat is this ? ITt is the grace of Al mtiglhty 'God"-a supleratural -gift. I >=Spi say. thi ddruikrd sie;iflcees liot only " 'whiat I have ientiond;, bi; likewisec the grace of God.: Drunkensiess is a mortal sin-tia thilig of darkness-so letC those of us who .aredig nes to.it'ckst it ' t ! oil ithid iw alk lioilstly i.i :i. light of ddy- in sobri?,ty. It is.a work of thi flesh as iwell, indcl Iflie orks of lesh, as the Holy Ghnstsaystire iniiiiifest anmely.fornidaftst itl.,l,,t I ?':ydriunkeline ss itid the, ,,lil.";, e ?,N itlicl fo?itisaitors sor driunk.ards shlill, posssess t i king dont of God .says, tihe l postlc. l It is a. place. theyr.shall.;Uo exhlud'id.. from. -- Ci WVlhro:eshall their tlwelling pli?a- bel They vill -itiid theii -'place, _wit the JOIH1 wiclted taililwhlo was east into thie lire., is-its In this strain tit lh preacheri ad dreossed o his ititiairs fort shout twoi .v fu hours, and wound up by draswing A some rtailisti picturoisof thepecuutiary, mo'ral, esoiial, temtporal and spiritulua t cleotruutio'i vrouglht bIy dritk thlroiugh otiiitr117:orliY'1Tlii Ihttt? -patbof the tii entundu was :-ii'iresti av s wri-l Uied ii- to i terestig, ad 'lhas beei thus cut short for waist of spaucti: -.;A. s- . - - \- i~uis"I'oi 