THE DOCTORS SHOOK THEIR HEADS. ' I would give a million dollars for a stoinncb,' aaid a jprealthy American recently. Now, a million dollars (£200,000) is a deal of money, but be was not able to buy the nrtice even at that price. Mr. Thomas Gaskin, of No. 3, Poplar Row, Dnrley Abbey, near Derby, is not so rich as many, being a gardener, but ho was ready enough to give all ho had for ono thing he hadn't got. Here is his story, and he shall tell it in his own way. Mr. Gaskin goes on Jo say : ' Up to eight years ago I had nevor lost an hour's work through sickness. In December, 1882, whilst living at Beeston near Nottingham, my appetite fell away, I had dreadful pain after eating, a bad taste in my mouth, which would fill with water and slime, the latter so thick and sticky that I often had to remove it with ray finger*. My cliest nsed to ' (ill up', and my throat would swell so I couldn't button ray shirt at the neck. I vomited a great deal, chiefly a yellowish-greon phlegm. I had a racking cough, and would cough and strain till I bled at the nose, and the blood rushed out of my ears. I became exhausted and short of breath and had to call the dootor, and was in bed five or six weeks. 'I then went as out-patient to tho Not tingham Hospital, and after attending there for six months was very little better. I got so thin that I was like a ghost walking about, and his friends said it was all up with me. For eighteen months I kept getting better, thon worse, and at last the doctors recom. mended me to try a change ol air. So I came to Darley Abbey, and my former master gave mo an indoor recommendation to the Derby shire Infirmary, Derby. 1 found, however, that all the beds in the hospital were full, and I saw my club doutor and also - wo doctors at Derby. The first one said, ' You are in a galloping consumption, and must die' : the other doctors, after sounding my lungs and chest, said nothing but sliook their heads. ' Getting a trifle better my old master allowed me to do what little I could in his gardens and grounds ; and somn days I worked a little, and then would be away for a few days. Things went on like this until December, 1888, when 1 ouught cold, cot very short of breath, and broke down com pletely. I was always coughing and spitting up phlegm, sometimes as much as a teacup ful nfc onco, and was afraid to go to sleep for fear tlie^ phlegm would choice me.'' At this time the whites of my oyos turned yellow, and my eyes wore bloodshot. My lips and mouth were dry and parched and 1 ofton broke out into a cold clammy sweat. My tongue was like a piece of brown leather, and I could keep nothing down. I lost over a stone weight iu three weeks. ' I managed to get up for a few hours nt n time, but was so weak I had to tako hold of the furniture to tnovo a few yards. I was always tired and weary, aud sitting or lying, was nevor at oaso and got no real rest. Too weak to road I often sat for hours looking at my hands— nothing but skin and bone, and was so nervous 1 couldn't bear tho inast noise, and tho children at play quito upset me. ' The doctor kept on attending mo, but he said, ' 1 can do yon no good; lean onlif patch yon up, because your lungs are diseased. 1 then gave over taking his medicine and tried everything I could hear of. One thing was a cough cure from London that cist 22s a bottle. But nothing did any good, and my friends who ciuno to suo mo said, ' Wall, 1/011 won't cough much longer, you liaoe merely to prepare for another world.' ' About the middlo of March, 1889, a neighbor uumed Joseph Tathani, wlio works in the paper mills at- Durioy Abbey, said to me, 'Tom, did you ever try Mother Seigel's Syrup V and told mo how ho had been cured after boing in the hospital. Ho spoke so much in favor of this medicine I sent my wife to Derby and got a bottle at Mr. Smith's Stores in Victoria Street. After the first dose I had an evacua tion block as ink, and vomited. Then I foil asleep and felt rested when I awoke. After taking the medicine for three days my breathing got easier, my food kept down, and in a few days days inoro I was able to go out for a short walk.' By the end of a fortnight I went to see my master, who asked what had wrought the improvement, nnd I told him, as I tell everyone, that Mother Seigel's Syrup had saved my life. I commanced work at once, and have never lost u day's work since. , v ' Of course my strength did not return all at onco, but after taking Seigol's Syrup for tits Months I was strong as over in my lifo and have continued so ever since.' In giving his consent to the publication of this reniarkobto statement, Mr. Gaskin requests us to refer all doubters to him or to Mr. Keetely, Head Gardener, Darloy Abbey, who is acquainted with all the foots allno-orl. Mr. Gaskin has lived at Darloy Abboy 22 years and boars an excellent reputation. Now, what was the complaint from which he suffered 7 Not galloping consumption, certainly (as one of tho doctors thouqht), or he would havo galloped into his grave in less than three months, instead of growing worse for seven years. His complaint was chrouic inflammatory dvspopsm (or chronic gastric catarrh), whioh has lung symptoms liko con sumption, for which it is so if ton ignorantly mistaken and wronglv| treated. When the right romody, Mothtr Seigel's Syrup, was usotl the diseases yielded, us all disoases of the digestive tract do yield to that magnifi cent preparation. Wo heartily congratulate Mr. Gaskin on his recovery, and recommend the facts of the case to all thinking poople. A magisterial inquiry was hold at Bre- warrina on Saturday touching the death of Ludwig Darr, a homestead lessee, who was found dead in the bush. The verdict returned was "Found dead." A wire from Launcoston states that the Van Diomon's Land Bauk will pay Is divi dond during tho present month. Tho death iis announced of Joseph Nowmau, au old .Auckland (N.Z.) identity, 