.Smiles. THE man who worries most about what people think of him is usually the kind of man people don't think of at all. It is one of the curiosities of natural his tory that a horse enjoys his food most when he hasn't a bit in his mouth. Benevolent Party: My man, don't you think fishing is a cruel sport? Angler: Oruel! Well, I should say so. I have sat here six hours, have not had a bite, and am nearly frozen to death. Netteio tells liher engagement :with great pride to her brother, and concludesa: 'Now, don't tell anyone.' Brother (who does not think so well of it): 'Oh, you needn't be afraid. I'm as much ashamed of it as you are.' 'They say Professor Barklins's address before the Dorcas Society was not well re. ceired.' 'Well, why should it have beenP The idea of his addressing a lot of old maids as " My venerable friends."' ' J.,hny,' said the pretty teacher, 'what is a tisb ?' ' can'tt exa tily put it in words,' returned the boy, ' but if you really want to know I can show you.' 'Where are you going to, my pretty maid ?' 'To water the milk, kind sir,' she said. Dasher: 'Olars, dear, ,ill you be my wife P' Clara: ' Have your asked mamma P' Dasher: 'Yes. But she won't have me.' Higby: 'Whom was the New York police force twenty yeas aago?' Rigby: 'In New York, of course,.' Higby: ' No, sir; in Ire. land.' Ladies do not like to grow old, and yet they are the very first to adopt new wrinkles. Mrs. Gramercy: ' Was your husband pre secnted at Court when he was in London P' Mrs. Hightono: 'Once only. He got. off with a flue. It wm only a plain drunk.' Guest at hotel:'Have you any oil?' Pro prietor: 'No; but if them wheels of yours squeaks I'll tell Sls t' go over th' axles with mutton taller afteo dinner. Mrs. Lushfortl: 'Jaggs, you have been drinking again. Haveron't you, now?' Mr. Lushforth: 'M' dear, I cannot tell alie-' Mrs. Lushforth: 'You can't? You are further gone thatnI thought.' It is well to moke the best of this world, for you'll never gt out of it alive. Mietreas (to csk): 'Bridget, I wish the beef underdone this evening.' Cook: 'In. deed, madame, 'I're lived in the first families, and I always cookid meat on top.' Master: 'Now, cook, just loaok here! Look at that pie0 of bacon I've just given your mistress ! Iti the worat cut 1 ever saw in my life! and lis piece I'm just going to take myself is only a little better.' Guest (at evenig party): ' Did you notice that Mr. imeall', collar and cuffs were shockingly untie, his nroetio all out of shape, and back id his coat all covered with lint and ravelling(?' Ditto: '!es. By the way who was thslady that corrected him so sharply when hemade that little mistake in his Greek quotatin ?' That was his wife.' 'Will you kee anything to drink when you have a hom ierof your own?' asked her father " Well, ell,' etammered the young man, 'in case of iciness I think it well to have some.' 'A1l right,' the old man re plied, 'you can narry my daughter; but don't be surprisel if I call on you twice a week and get ill.' Doctor Bohnea[l(to transient patient) : 'All that you need, mldam, is a little healthy ox citament. HBave't you some friend who could' tka you jo the circus?' Patient: 'That would not ~elp me, doctor. I'm the lady rhat does to fourhorse bareback act every night.' . A teacher wae getting the new pupils tabulated. 'Whd does your father do?' she asked one of thmew boys. 'He's a con. tractor,' was the rply. 'A railway con tractor ?' ..-N'o, meim; .a sausage contractor. He ties up the ends after another man has filled 'em.' A little innocent isunderstanding is some times very useful ii helping one over a hard place. 'Mabel,' sid the teacher, 'you may spelt kitten.' ' Kiouble-i.t.e.n,' said Mabel. 'Kitten has two 's, then, has it?' 'Yes, ma'am, our kitten tas.' Neighbour: 'His do you like your new neighbour?' Lit girl: 'Mamma says they is awfu' nid people, real polite an' Ohrisatian.' 'Ha she called ?' 'No, but we've seat in to ~rrow a dozen different thingo, an' they dil 't once say they was just out.' Molacoboly stra?er: ' You are sure this poison will kill a san?' Druggist: 'Yes, sair; I mu guarantd it. By the way, if you are going to comnit suicide, I wish you'd put ocoof our circdlars in your pocket. It will be r big advercleemecrt for us when your body is found.' 'Now, Willie,' aid Clara, 'run out and play, tlore's a goodlittle boy. I expect Mr. B.rindle shortly, an4 I want to try the effect of my ow gown oshiim.' 'You're too late, ais,' rejlied Willie, pith a triumphant gleam in his ye. ' Brindlo called yesterday while you wee out, and I brought out the whole rig andshowed it t, him.' 'I wsh I was a (tar,' he said, smiling at his owipoetio fancy. 'I would rather you were a omet,' said ~he maid, dreamily. His heart bat tumultousely. 'And why?' he asked toderly, at the same time taking her unresistig little land in his own; 'eand why P' l repeated Imperiously. 'Oh I' she said, wii a brooding earnestness that fell freezing spon his ioul, 'because then you would ese round only once every fifteen years.' Mudge 'I was around to a spiritualistic seance.let night. An alleged ghost shook hands wii me and daimed to be Theoksby you remhber Theckeby, I suppose. He told me reat many things that astonished me, but am certain it was not Thsacksby?. Yubsley ' How do you know P' Mudge: 'He did st try to borrow a shilling.' 'In tI matter of taking care of your father,' d the visitor, 'you have nothing to reproaooarelelf with. You have furnished himla gol home the'e many years. "Thatlis true,' reted tbe host, thoughtfully. 'Fifty. three ye ago, when I was a trusting, help less, inn nt child, he gave me the name of Adoaia! But I have tried to do my duty to. ward hi he continued, with a look of calm rcsignat on his worn features, 'and Ihave sueocde think, in almost forgiving him' When Am from his sleep awoke, A rae t creature met his eyes, Whose auty on hIis vision broke As bhke the morn 'neath tropio skies. With cjder Adam stood transfixed Anotr day had just begun She orald his vision just betwixt The 4n and rising of the sun, ' 'Tie ln,' said he, ' in human guise; .Fairbrn, my homage pray receive;' The vin blushed, cast down her eyes, .And l, 'I am not Morn, but Eve.' 