Mrs. Besant on Ghosts. What are Apparitions? % Mental Representations. Lecturing on ipril 3 nt Milton Hall, Kentish-town, London, on the ; Bubjoct of apparitions, Mrs. Besant said : what science meant in, talking, of ether was what the theosophist meant 'wheu i he spoke of " astral " matter, only in the ; pno oase it had been; subjected to experi ments and was understood, while in ; the othercasetheexperimonts were at present of the most elementary character ; and, although most promising for the future, thoy were not yet very reliable in the' explanation of certain curious and ab normal phenomena. Now they got a number of apparitions which had ..this common characteristic — they were un conscious: A p.orson awoke and saw a form which said nothing and. did nothing except stand there. - It generally looked somewhat mournful and disconsolate, and spoedily disappeared. This was a most unsatisfactory kind ; of thing,, afforded no explanation of itB presence, and there was nothing to show why it camo. The person who saw .it was not, quite sure whether it was real or fanci ful, was not quite sure whether lie him self was awake or asleep. The appari tion appeared at night, frightened him for a moment, and the next moment it was gone. , This, kind of apparition was nothing more than what theosophy de scribed as a "picture or revelation in the astral light. The modus operandi was this. There was an. intense thought in the mind of soine person. That thought Was a real energy, a real force, quite as real as electricity. It was quite as real as an, electric force, that could ho sent through sptice, and it was not without sig nificance that, whenever they gotthought- nction,they got electrical action; Their! medical man would tell them that, when ' there' was thought in connection with the brain, thore was electrical action in connection with the brain; When they thought intensely on: the pliysioal plane they- set free electricity, and, on tlie astral plane, they set up a current through this astral matter, or ether. They thought intensely of a person, and the current set up in astral matter or ether went in th6 direction of that per son as certainly as they could send a current alpug-a'wire, when thoy wished it,, to reach a distant town. This set of ethereal vibrations, reaching the person who was intensified in, their thoughtj affected the person by the same medium, and in somo cases, appeared as , au ob jective reality. In Very many cases only as a mental impression \yas the person thought of. What were' tho conditions undor which this unconscious picture was produced? Jt wub con stantly. produced whoro a person was dying, and whero the dying person was exceedingly desirous of seoing some absent friend or rolattvo. It most often happeuod between those closely, united by ties Nof blood or of affection. Most of these astral picturos were between close relatives or closo friends, and the evidenoo was, to hor mind, indubitable that such occurrences did take place, for thoy might find ovor aud over again, instances in which tho person seeing tho apparition had made a note at the timo of tho day, tho hour, and tho place ; and it had boon subsequently found that at that precjse time a friond had passed throngh tho chango men called " death," and that tho nows which was thus carriod by those astral vibrations wub nowB as truo and as real as though it wore fltyshod along the electrical wire. ' 