CHURCH OF ENGLAND ASSO CIATION. 1RML EUGENE STOCK'S LEISON. Mr. Eugene Stock gave a most in teresting class lesson in the Y.M.C.A. Hall last week. The Bishop' of Mel bourne presided at the meetieg, which was held in connection with the Church of England Sunday School Association. The greatest interest was taken in the proceedinigs, the hall . being filled by teachers and friends, who proved, by their presence, in full sympathy with the Sunday School movement. Mr. Stock, surrounded with a class of young lads, proceeded with *the model lesson, the' subject of which was founded on the '" Holy Ghost." Byf helpful "Bible' re ferences, clever inductive teaching, enriched by the thoughts and principles contained in the prayer-book, relating to the subject, a most interesting and deeply instructive lesson1was the outcome. Mr. Stock has all the necessar yqualifications of the successful teacher, whose success comes froem an.intimate knowledge of the Bible proof; backed by careful thought and well.directed study. At the close of the lesson, for which high compli ments were paid Mr. Stock, the prizes I won:by the successful competitors at the i recent yei-rly test examinations, were \- distributed. The arrangements of the meeting were admirably carried out, and reflected-much credit on Mr. E. D. 1 Puckle, the zealous and untiring lion. seeretaly. . In our last issue we gave a verbatim report of the paper read by the Rev. ra Macrao Stewart, 'Ascot Vale, on "The vt Ends of Sabbath. School' Work," which to wasn followed by a'n lengthy" paper on is iThe Means of Sabbath School Work," di contributed by Mr. J. Cameron, Super- st intendent of the WYilliamstown. Presby- tl terian Sabbath School. ? HB says :-- p In the whole realm of human nature at there is probably no study more in- it teresting, or of so much*,iniportance, T than that of the child, and nd period of fr life is so full of present and future q possibilities for good or evil, than from st the ages of five to fifteen years, whici T may be termed the ordinary Sabbath tl School life, and within which the ft foundation of the future life is laid. s, It is then, in the earlier years, when n child life-so like the analogy we often ci make between the young plant and the a future tree-requires to bhe carefully b trained and handled when the poseibili- ci ties of the unknown future are so great, I that so much .is needed for the present ti moulding and shaping, while the mind s is free from the bias and contaminating tl influences which surround its after life. o When the intellect is so susceptible to p the impressions of good or evil inllu- p ences, how important it is that every e effort should be made on our part to so ai mould the young mind that all the r influence we can bring to bear shall be c in the direction of good results. In our dealings with our scholars it is very a necessary to remember that there are s great possibilities in every life. If the f veil which hides the future from us were I lifted, and we could see their future e lives, with their varied temptations and I trials, would we not apply ourselves with greater earnestness and zeal to our work? Would we not feel that not a few of those future results have been c committed by God to our hands? I Would we not also feel that there are responsibilities in that future that a depend on the present? The veil is not lifted from the future, but the t responsibilities of our efforts in further- I ing God's work amongst the young are none the less on that account. We i labour for the future as well as for the present. How many of us who can take a retrospect of our Sabbath Schoo work can say they are satisfied with the 5 accomplishments of the past? True, I there has bean much success; but has there not also been much failure? and, with all respect to the good work that has been accomplished, I am of opinion that not a little of the failure has been due to' the indifference and want of method on the part of teachers who have failed to realise the importance and responsibility of their position. In say ing this, I recognise that when we con sider how much teaching involves, and the difliculty often experienced in obtain ing suitable teachers, hardly any other result could be expected. Recognising these facts, it is important that as we to night consider some of the means employed for the efficient carrying on of our work, we should examine thrse means, and by the exchange of opinions see how far they are suitable for the satis factory attainnment of thie ends we desire the spiritual development of our scholars. In an institution so large as our Sao bath Schools, it is to be expected there will be a great variety of opinions as to how our work can best be advanced, and, in a great measure, the means used will depend on the conditions in which the various schools are placed. In dealing with a paper so wide in its significance as this one-" The Means of Sabbath School Work "-I find it impossible, in the limited time at my disposal, to touch on many of the points which come within its scope, and which I would have liked to refer to, and will conse quently only touch on a few of the more important points:-The general manage ment and discipline of the school work ; the teacher's work within the school depends on the efficient handling of both his subject and his scholar; that the teacher has a duty outside the school as important as that within ; and necessary auxiliaries to Sabbath School work. THE MANAGEMIENT AND DISCIPLINE OF OUR SCHOOL WORK. Order is tile first law of nature, and it should certainly be the first rule in our schools; without order we might as well hand over the school to the scholars, for they are then really masters of the situation, and all our efforts are bound to result in failure. Effective order must be the result of discipline, and discipline must have its commencement with the teachers and staff. Punctuality has a great deal to do with the order of the school. Delay in starting causes waste of time that is never regained, and is the forerunner of laxity in other direc tions. Teachers themselves are often most to blame in this respect; a know ledge of the scholars who are most frequently late often reveals the fact that they have followed thle example set them by their leisurely teacher. For tunately these are isolated cases, but it is unfortunate that even one should exist. An excellent rule provides that every teacher should be in his or hier place when the bell is rmng, five minutes before the time for commencing school, Sbut, as applied to every teacher, it is Smore honoured in the breach than in the ,observance. YWhen tile gong is sounded, as it should be, punctually, every teacher, Swith his or her scholars, should be in their.places with their Bibles and hymn books, ready for the opening services. which should be as interesting and instructive as they can possibly be made. The success of the school senrvices de pends on the hearty co-operation of the scholars, and to secure that it is neces 'sry thalt the school itsolf and the services should be isade cheerful and attractive. Child life dwells in the hallowed influences of bright and happy feel Sings, and, .withl the object of making the services attractive to the scholars, \- their interest and assistance should be Senlisted in every part of it-siginig, concerted reading, and prayer. I must be pardoned in taking our own school as e a typical case. It is not with the idea Sthat our system is perfi ct. but rather y because I am not aware of the system-of Stither schools .but it has this advantage ,spoken of, that re receive tme hearty , co-operationof the schlars---we will be e glad. to receive . hints from any school e whose sys'cm may be better. A pre-: -paratory gong is sounded at three , o'clock, when the:organist and piiniste Stake their places. A second: gong is Ssounded almost immediately; this is y taken as a signal by the secretary, who r. clodesi theli dooro s and no teacher or s scholar is allowed in until after the is opening services are over. After tile f opening hymn, and prayer by the super It intendent, the, school repeat in concert o he books of the Bible. \Ve find this of i. great assistance in enablitng tilte cholars s to find the reading of Ithe day, which o imtmediately follows. Various readings arare chosen :--Tie Creation, The Ten re Conmmandments, also selections from ti e d Psalms, Proverbs, and the Prophecie ). in the Old Testament, Thie lcatiltdes, n. and selected readings of Christ's life, and teachings from the Gospels and so readings from the Epistles. Gene- TI rally the girls and boys read alter.late t verses, though occasi mally all read co together. When practicable, the reading k is suitable for the subojet lesson for the re day. After the reading the whole be school repeat The Lord's Prayer. Then kr the gong is sounded, and the classes pe proceed to the various class rooms to ci study the Catechism and Bible Lesson in in connection with the " Allan Scheme." fa The opening services vary in length ti from twelve to fifteen minutes. At a Iw quarter to four one dong of the bell is ce sounded,andisheardin alltheclass rooms. p This is the signal to commence writing p the answers to the printed questions, th for which eight minutes are allowed. At at seven minutes to four the bell is again ii rung in a similar manner, papers are d collected, Bibles and pencils are put b away, and at five minutes to four the at bell is sounded a third time, and the a classes resume their places in the hall. to This system is just as suitable where at there are no class rooms. A hlymn is ti sung; then prayer, and a short resume of o the lesson by the superintendent or one o of the teachers, in the course of wh'ch, d prominence being given to the central a point of teaching, questions are asked, a with the assistance of the lesson picture, c which has also been utilised in the infant c room, and the teaching in many of tie d classes can be gauged by the answers w given. Then follow the closing hymn s and benediction, and when the gong is s sounded, the classes in order file out the n front and rear doors to the tune of some I favourite hymn played by the organists, each teacher shaking hands with his or t her scholars as they separate. a INFANT CLASS TEACHING. IO. The infant class meet and are taught in a separate room on the gallery prin- I ciple. Too much importance cannot be placed. on such teaching. The young mind is so receptive, and first impres sions are frequently so great, that a 1 wide sphere of influence is opened up in I this direction. Too much must not be attempted ; it is more important to con vey one truth correctly than confuse the infant mind with half a dozen. There must be clearness and simplicity of language; infant class teaching cannot be made too simple. The pictorial and object lessons are a very great advan tage. Young children learn quicker through the eye than the ear, and it is far easier for them to grasp the trath-of a lesson they can see ilUns trated by picture, or brought prominently before them by object-say, for instance, a sound ora worm-eaten apple to illustrate the destroying effects of sin in the heart, just as the worm does the heart of the apple-than it is by words alone. I am not sure that parents will always appre ciate object lessons, for sometinms there are other results. On the day follow ing the lesson of the Crucifixion my own little boy was noticed by his mother with a pair of scissors lopping off the branches of a gooseberry bush, and on being asked what lie was doing, said lie was making a crown of thorns like his teacher had on the previ ms day. lie had been so impressel that he was hav ing an object lesson on his own account. Illustrations are very helpful, but require great care in handling, and should only be used with the object of securing attention or impressing a truth. They often foster a false appetite and create wrong impressions. One of the most successful infant class teachers we have had was once trying to impress his scholars, by illustration, with the mean ing of faith, and he asked them to imagine themselves with him on the pier. He said-" Suppose I told you there was a mutton pie in one of the boats; if you could not see it, but be lieved it, that.would be faith." Oni the following Sunday he questioned them on he lesson of the previous week, and he asked themn-" Now, what did I tell you faith was ?" when one bright little fellow up with his hand-'" I know, air ; a mutton pie in a boat." Itwas evident the mutton pie had made most impression on his mind. The main question we are most con cerned about in Sabbath School work the bringing of our scholars to Christ- at what age should we expect conver sion ? is there a limit ? do we realise spiritual results in infant class teaching? The father of a member of the infant class (a little girl, aged five years), who had died during the previous week, called at our school to express the gratitude of his wife and himself to the teacher of their little girl. It had been a great comfort to them to see her resignation before death to .which she looked forward cheerfully as she sang herlittle hymns and repeated the short prayers she had learnt; for lshe said Jesus was waiting for her, and sihe would bs an angel. The father said his wife and himself felt so thankful i theyfelthe mustcomeandexpress it. With, such results, who could say the possibili ties of infant conversion were limited ? THE TEACUEI Sa ORK WITHIN THE FCItOOL. The subject and scholar much depends on system and discipline and the co operation of the scholars in tile senrice, but no matter how successful they may be, they can only afford an indication of what a'scliool ought to be, and the results of Sabbath School effort cannot be judged by them. The results can be better gauged by the inllnence of the teacher with the scholars. How is that influnence to be gained, and vhat is to be the outcome of it? NIo teacher can hope to gain it unless he comes to school thoroughly and prayerfully..prepared. As Christ's ambassador, he must havo reached.the.goal to which he is.en deavouring to lead his clharge. - We cannot imagine .the ;influence of the Holy Spirit on the sib:holar'if it has not taken possession o:f the teacher. It must be a labour of love. Might ie not ask with Paul--" Are all prophets, are all teachers, do all interpret ?" for, "If we hiave the gift of prophecy, and know all.itysteries, and all knowledge, and :have all faith, so as to remove mountains, butl have not love, we are nothing." Whatever else follows, "love" must be the inspiration, and the source of that inspiration nlustt be from tihe Great Teacher, Jesus Christ. The facilities afforded teachers for studying the lessons were never greater than at the present time. Lesson helps and notes are plentiful, but it should be remembered they are to assist> the teacher in the study and grasp of the subject,' preparatory to dealitg with it. On no account should these notes be read to the class, for then the lesson simply becomes a reading, and the dignity of the lnchler's position is lost. Could not the scholar do the same thing without the assistance of the teacher? The teacher to be successful miust handle the subject well, and this will only come as the result of thorough preparation. Our scholars, hlowever backward they may be in some respects; are not slow to notice nnd\comiment.on inefflcient teaching. Given these coin ditiofis, teachers filled with?the inspirn tion of Christ's love, and iwith a thorough grasp of the subject, they nieet their Sclasse . Hoiw is the lessodn to hie? ipplieil? aid what influeisce is to he gained ? There must be complete confidenc hle- Illi tween teacher and echolar, and that i confidence can only come front the fil knowledge of each scholar and his sar- at roundings. Let us imagine that classl t before us-say a class of boys. We ti know there are great varieties of tem- II peraments to be found in one family of of children.' How much more so will it be ii in this class, where we have a variety of s[ families, with a corresponding variety in C their home life and surroundings ! Here c we have examples of every form of mis- u chief and frivolity, with lessons unpre- tl pared on the one hand, associated Kith a prepared lessons and good behaviour on o the other. Of what effect will a set c stereotyped lesson be to all the scholars e in that class? There must be indivi dual application, and that can only be b brought about by kniwing our scholars, i and talking with, instead of at them- a mistake made by a great number of teachers-and thus use their knowledge and ability, as well as our own, by ques tioning and exchange of opinions. Some of them-we might say the great majority of our scholars-come to school for the delight there is in it as a pleasant association, and very many, of the boys at least, are most concerned about the cricket or football match which their club has taken part in on the previous day. We must accept the situation as we find it, and while we cannot stop the river we can direct its course; and if our scholars are to ascend to our level, we must first reach down to theirs, and probably their games will have a more manly and nobler tendency through their teacher's interest and influence; and let me add, front a personal know ledge of the games of the present day and their surroundings, there is much need for it. Under whatever conditions we meet our scholars, we must adapt ourselves to the situation and improve it. Like Paul-than whom, perhaps, next to Christ, there is n' more elo quent or keener student of human nature-we must " bec)me all things to all men, that we might by all means save some." Greater influence can be gained with an unruly or wayward scholar by the personal influence of the teacher, applied with a knowledge of his surroundings, than all the teaching of the school. If such a scholar is made to feel his teacher is in touch with him, he will confile in him, and the battle is half won. Frequently the most difficult thing is to get in touch with all the scholars of a class; their natures and surroundings are so varied, and the time on Sabbath afternoon is so short, even for the lesson. But difficult as it is, it is one of the e-sential means of Sabbath School effort, and cannot be dispensed with, and if the difficulties are too great to allow of it being done during the short tim we we have in the school, how is it to be done? We must make the oppor tunity or our work will not succeed. If the salvation of our scholars is neces sary, it is just as necessary outside the school as inside, consequently a teacher's work, to be successful, implies a duty outside the school as important as that within. There are many opportunities; how otherwise can you reach the in different, the absentee, or the sick scholar? The indifferent and wayward can often be reached in that way, when all else fails. In visiting the parents of one of the most obstinate scholars I had ever dealt with, the father and mother were much concerned for their son's welfare ; but the father immediately said he was not surprised at his son's conduct; lie had simply taken his father's nature, for he ihad beenthe same-before him. Assa result, new methods were tried, and there was no further trouble in that direction. In the case of the absentee echolar, "visitation" is a duty whichl is, alasn ! too often neglected. If we look over the names of our scholars who were in the schools-say five years ago-but who have gradually drifted off, and ask in how many cases have effoits been made by their teachers to look them up and try and influence them to keep on the connec:ion with their school, what re sult will we find ? Is it not a sad fect that in many cases no effort whatever has been made, and in many cases the effort has been left until it has been too late to have any effect. " Visitation" is one of the necessities of Sabbath School work; it is the only means by which we can learn the influences that surround our scholars, and find out the temptations that meet them in their every-day life. One of the great diffi culties in the way of successful effort is the indifference in the homes. Children are sent to school with the idea it is the correct thing to do, and they will be out of harm. The lesson is not learnt, consequently there is no interest in it, and the difficulty is to create it. In passing, let me say I am a strong be liever in the aim and principles.of the "Allan Scheme." But this, in my opinion, is ons of its weak points; the scholars do.not prepare at home; the intention is in the scheme, but it does not answer the purpose. I recognise it is one thing to find fault, and another to suggest a remedy. But I think the "Allan Scheme" could be considerably improved in this direction by tlhe issue of a weekly lesson and question paper, on the principle of the International Scheme, giving, say, the golden text, the lesson verse of a hlymn, the daily home readings, and the Catechism on theo one side, and on the other, say half-a-dozen questions, divided between the Catechism and the Bible Lesson, leaving space for the answers to be written in at hirme, and do away with the present monthllyprogramme sheet,aiid weekly lesson slip that has to be answered in school. This would, I think, be an advantage over the International Scheme and the present arrangeinent of study ing the lesson and writing the answers n the school. It would also have the 3great advantage that it would require the use of the Bible in the homes, and in very many cases would enlist the interest and co.operation of the parents in the school work, and also act as a check on truancy. "Visitation," too, has a greater interest when the co-opera tion of the home is secured i and many of the difficulties of our work can only be solved in that direction. It will also help us-in our efforts to answer another question-" How to retain our senior sctolars ? "-which is often a burning one. ,Perhaps the best reply to this will be, to interest them and yourself in them. Make them feel that the success of the school, morally and spiritually, depends in a great measure on their assistance. Press the claims of the teachers' and senior scholars' monthly prayer meeting on- them. One of the most profitable and refreshing gatherings we have is Sthe co-oieration of the temaclhiers and senior scholars in thie sheort payer meet Sing held at the close of tlhe school oei the first Sabbath of each month, to Swhich a very large number of our senior scholars remain. Os differentoccasions, on the dentli of a teacher, or one of tine scholars,w hae have held a short memo n riant service at thie close of tlhe school, i using th opposrtunity to invoko:e God's blessing, and we have, under snch cir-. cumstances, received indications of very great blessing. Wherever possible, en list tha assistance of your seninreccholars in some way. Frtm ab, u the age of fifteen is the time when- thie to-t coms. k anl' the link that hinds tlh i llar to c the teacher and the tch ol cannot then be .ealde too strong. If they have launched out in tihe duties of life, let them fe:l that you have an interest with them ; cheer thtem in their success, and help them in their trial. One ofl the probl.m I could never t understand, even as a teacher, was the i religion that would shake you warmly by the hand on a Sunday, and scarcely con descend to the cool formality of a nod on the Monday; but I have often been I cheered by the religion that treats you every day alike. The natural outcome of successful Sabbath School work should be seen in healthy auxiliaries as connect ing links between school and church. A Fellowship Association or Society of Christian Endeavour, or even both, should exist in every school, as well as a flourishing Bald of Hope. Perhaps of all lemnptations that will meet our scholars in the battle of life, intemper ance takes the lead. At the World's Sunday School Convention in 1889 some startling statistics were given as to percentage of criminals who had passed through the Sunday Schools. I cite a few :-" Of 569 prisoners in Edinburgh gaol 408 had been ensnared by drink, and 398 (all but 10) had passed through the Sunday School." "Of 62 criminals, all of whom had been Sunday School scholars, MAr. Logan. of G'asgow, asked the question, ' How did you get here 2'" and 59 replied. "Drinking andi publid house company." "Of 46 scholars once belonging to the vestry class of the Rev. James Sherman, of Surrey, the teacher learned that 22 had becme drunkards, 13 were steady, and the career of the remainder unknown." "It was also stated on the authority of Mr. Bardsley, of Mamntkster, that a Sunday School superintendent, who endeavoured to trace the history of 100 Sunday scholars, found 77, of whom 39 were confirmed drunkards." We might well hope the results in our own colony would not be so appalling, but if the ante cedents of the criminals of thlis colony were soarelcd, and we knew the number that had been in our schools, we would, I think, be startled. We are engaged in a great and glorious work; the field is a vast one; there is much to do. Now is the seed time ; and, ohl for faithful sowers! Oh I that we might "study to I show ourselves approved unto God as 3 workmen that needeth not to be 5 ashamed." Much depends on us; but t after all it is God's work, and lie alone c n give the increase; let us do our 1 part faithfully. In the spirit of the t Great Teacher, and in the fulness of t His command, let ts "lift up our eyes t and look on the fields; for they are white already unto harvest. And lie that reapeth receiveth wages, and gathereth Sfitit unto life eternal: that both lie that soweth and he that reapeth may rejoice together." (John iv.35, 36.) 