MOVDiY'S PARLIAMENT. MR;HILLMAN'S PETITION. Mr. Canning moved last night in the Assembly That Mr. Joseph Hillinan't petition le received and read, printed and referred to a Select Committee. Of conrso the hon. m?mb?r gave the ivcord (a long on- ) of Mr Hillmrm's'services, and he also read a recent t--sti tnouial from 'be late Commissioner of Railways, the Hon. J. A. Wright, and another from his predecessor, the late Hon. J. H. Thomas. Mr. Canning certanly did not make an effective speech on the subject, and even seemed embarrass ed by it, tilt he worked hard for his client — as hard as if a round sum of guineas had bien marked on his brief. He contended that the grounds of his dismissal ware in sufficient, the reason givra ljeing that on one occasion Mr. Ilillman had been under tbe influence of drink. He did not, he said, wish to palliate tbe offence, or vice, or disease of drunkenness ; and he might have added, but did not, that it was wrong to make one man in tbe Government serrice a scapvgoit or ex ample far all other?. He finallv prayed the House to take' the matter into consideratioB, and deal with it in a fair and liberal spirit. Mr. Quinlan seconded the motion., and said that, although a publican himself, he de plored the vies of drunkenness. He had heard, however, tbat Mr. Joseph Hilhuan's work was always done. Tbe fremier said the duty which had devolved upon the Government, just after assuming oflicte, of asking Mr. Hillman to resign was nicsfc nn pleasanr, owing to his fanii'y connaetions and long services. Si? John pointed out that it would be still more Bopleasant for him to have to vindicate the no tion of the Government, and if it were done the petitioner could only say, ' Save me from mv friends.' Mr. Mollov sup ported the petition, and pointed out. that the long service and credentials of Mr. BUlman should have full consideration, and indulged in a little eoinaiLseration over Mr. Uillinan's total loss of compensation. The Attorney- General, one of the kindest - hearted men in the world, was on this oc casion, terribly scathing and severe. Mr. Septimus Burt pointed out how insuf ficient were the grounds pat forward by the speakers for receiving the petition. As he spoke in set terms of his view of the petitioner's conduct, everyone in the chamber must have pitied Mr. Hillman even more than they were at first inclined to. We shall not here reproduce or enlarge upon Mr. Bart's argument, but it was practically unanswerable. He evi dently annoyed Mr. Canning very much, and the Premier had to go round to the hon. member and appease him. Proceed ing, however, Mr. Burt made most damag ing, not to say damning statements, but it may be hoped that thongh their present effect may be bad their future result, as far as their subject is concerned, will be goo3. The reception of the petition was rejected by a chorus of 'Noes,' and Mr. Hillman is now left to say ' Save me from my friends.' The Yilgarn Bailwat. There was a hum of expectancy as the Orders of the Day were read out, the first on the list being the Northam-Southern Cross Railway Bill. Mr. Pieese rose with an air of stern determination, and first of all paid a well deserved compliment to Mr. Parker. He deprecated the ports of Fre mantle and Albany being pitted against each other, and hoped that hon. members would not consider this point. He was, however, at pains to demonstrate that in view of its greater distance from Yiigarn and the cost of transit, Albany conld not possibly compete with hremantle to the bitter's disadvantage. The Government had, however, quite overlooked tbe extra haulage along the Great Southern Line, by selecting the Northam route, and the traffic, both passenger and goods, from Al bany. In taking off a burden from Fre mantle they were placing it on the Southern portions of the colony. Mr Piesse impressed on bon. members the superiority of the land along the York route, as was proved by the report of the Select Committee. There was no doubt that the line was in the first plaze built for the development of the goldfields, but surely if it could be taken through good agricultural country, which would find traffic for tbe Hue, it should be. He then quoted from the Select Committee's report, and further stated that some of those settled on the Meckering area would be very glad if they could clear out an-? settle on the York route, though he deprecated making damaging statements about the country. The Government having opened up large areas along the Great Southern Kailway, they should afford settlers some chance of developing them. From his experience of the country the Northam line would pass through marsh country, which would require costly embankments, as in the case of the Great Southern Uailway. He also paid a well deserved compliment to the Great Southern Railway, which bad proved so beneficial to the Colony, and pleaded that it should sot be jealously re garded by members in this matter. He warned Mr. Throssell that if tbe line start ed from Northam that town would ultim ately fade iato in6:gnificanc\ At this Mr. Throssell jnmped up, to wipe away, as he said, the cobwebs that surrounded the question, which almost of course he wished to regard purely from ' a national standpoint.' But he first shrewdly appeal ed to Mr. C.okworthy and the south ern memb^is for their assistance. He also laboured the admitted fa.t that the bulk of the traffic would come from Fremantle, and ergo Fremactie must have the first consideration. The extra haulage from Albany would only mean another four ehillings a ton, and surely the settlers conld stand that. Mr. Throssell's fiery speech, delivered with the voice of a Stentor, was decidedly interesting, but as a rule he sub stituted noise for argument. He defended the Meckering area by giving bis o.vn ex parte opinion on it, which carried no weight. He waxed virtuously indignant in defence of the 'honest men cf Northam,' whom, he said, Messrs Parker and Piesse had maligned. In regard to the new Southern Area3 he also argued that a railway did not stimulate the clearance and the cultivation of the land, but he did not prove this paradox to the satisfaction of bis hearers. He waxed louder and louder as he continued, and split the ears of the members if not, of the groundlings in the public benches, and the gods in the press gallery. He finished, aud then Mr. Clarkson's mildly monotonous tones were a Ritmni for a partial exodus of the public, whe fail to appreciate his merits ss a speaker. One Northam advocate yelled, the o: her almost whispered his arguments. Mr. Ciarkson began by taking Mr. Parker to task over his speech, but that gentle man was much more polite and considerate than was the member for Toodyay when tbe representative of York was speaking, and never once interrupted Mr. Ciarkson, whose eulogies of the Toodyay District were punctuated by stentorian ' Bear, Hear's ' from Mr. Throssell, w?rthy of Mr. Watton himself. He contended that the laud about Nortbam was equal to, it not superior to that of York, and contrary to every witness before tbe Select Committee, he said it improv ed the further you went North. He could not, of course agree that Albany should have the same consideration as Fremantle. He mentioned the fact of the laud in the Toodyay District having been locked up by the Midland Railway, as accounting for its imperfect develop ment, but said nothing about the land locked up in the hands of those colonist* whose names have been already published. Mr. A. Forrest pointed ont the existence of excellent agricultural land near Cnbbine, suitable for an Agricultural Area, but to prove that he was impartial in supporting the York route be said that he owned over 9000 acres of improved land near Nor tham. He referred to the fact that the Meckering Area had been open for three years and was very sparsely settled, and that there was no comparison between the land along the York and Northam routes. He finally contended that the York land was the best, the route was the best and the grades were the best. Mr. Loton did not cast much light npon the snbject, and was as usual somewhat prosy, but he bad to admit as an interested advo cate for Northam tbat the question «f com pensation was by no means settled, lie was also fain to allow that tbe preponder ance of evidence taken by the Select Com mittee was in favour of the York land. Mr. Richardson first paid a compliment to Mr. Parker for his Bpeech, and then he paid himself another by speaking of himself as entirely disinter ested, and assuming tbe position of the blind maid and holding the scales be tween York and Northam. This he did not very successfully, as he put a little extra weight of his own into the Northam scnle. Thie g--nt'eman — who by the w*y addresses himself to every snbject with considerable confidence — was as lengthy as usual. He a'po, like the Member for the Swan, admitted that the evidence of thf* Select Committee showed the sup^.-iority of the York land. Mi . Traylen, with a Eiass of notes in his hand, delivered a lengthy sermon intermingled with an arithmetical exercise, and an essay on the word ' apparently ; ' in fact, save tbat it was in favor of Northam, his epsech conveyed littie sense or meaning to the members. However, with his usual diplomacy ho promised ' his sort friends' that their distiiet should be top ped by tbe transcontinental lice. Mr. Simpson regarded the question not from Fremantle, Albany or York but from the other end viz., from Yilgarn, and with, his usual and remarkable 'sense of propriety objected to the ' unseemly clamour' that had preceded the appointment of a Select Committee. Eis tone was loftily patriotic when it was not even more preachy than his predecessor. However, he was determ ined to support the line which would give the Yilgarn settlers the cheapest com modities, and be came forth for the firtt time in the li^ht of a strong Government supporter. He, however, as a practical man, who, as he said, had deeply and care fully considered the question from its vari ous standpoint?, ventured t » instruct tbe Government as to how tbey should equip and work the lino, for which they shoul-i --« grateful, as well aa for the support the member for Geraldton lia-c given tl;ein And then came Mr. Molloy who apparently is of tkc view that lan??u?gc is :iive;i us in order to enable us to conceal our tboagbts, S3 incomprehensible was liis speech in parts and as a wholo. He began hy ascrt ing that no speaker had Jvt touched ihe proper point of the whole question, but lie quite omitted to state what that point was. He then plunged into a sta of words, whilst the Hansard reporter must at the same time have been plunged into tbe depths of despair. Forth flawed the words like pe2B pouring from a pot, or to use a more poetic Eimiie 'like the waters flow down from Lodore ' — sentences with, neither beginning nor end, punctuated by full stops when ke took breath, every five minutes or so, in the middle of & word; and commas when there should have been full points. Mr. Molloy must really attempt to check this rapidity of utterance, and think out bis speeches beforehand, to as to render them connected and intelligible, otherwise his usefulness will be impaired and he will be neither listened to nor reported. Mr. Quinlan declared for Northam, and ad mitted tbat he was trusting to the opinions of those who knew the Toodyay District, and not to his own knowledge, quite a supererogatory statement in th? circum stances, but creditable to his character for candour. Finally Mr. Parker replied with moderation and effect, scoring one neat little point to begin with off Mr. Ciarkson, whom he characterised as more effective in ejaculation than in connected speech, and advising bim to adhero to the former. He quietly marshalled former farts and arguments which had uever been replied to, but in vain. The Premier with, his solid majority sat impassive, and did not even condescend to reply, and when the division bell was rung there'; were 10 Northamites (Ministerialists) and 0 Yorkites, the former being too much ashamed of themselves to rai6e even the ghost of a cheer over their victory. 