THE SKETCHER. Early Australian Days. Scraps from an Old MS. (BY THE SPECTRE.) It is not often that one gets hold of a genuine convict manuscript nowadays. They were never very plentiful, for convicts as a rule were not given to literary work, and even if they possessed the necessary qualifications, had not, during their period of servitude, at any rate, the time or oppor- tunity to pour forth their soul in books. This remark applies more particularly to the earlier convict days, to the times of harsh discipline and rigorous treatment. Later on, when the century was well advanced, and the sternness of the system initiated by Phillip had somewhat relaxed, men found time to record their impressions of past events. Many who had been prisoners were now free. Life was possible for them, and looking back over the past miseries they and their comrades had endured, they wrote. To such a class belongs the yet unpublished manuscript which I have before me. The manner of its discovery was accidental and easy to tell. I happened a week or so ago to meet a gentleman whose wife's father, an old colonist, had held the position of clerk of works to Sir Thomas Mitchell, to whom we are indebted for many of our main roads, and especially for the route over the Blue Mountains. Whilst engaged in this capacity he made the acquaintance of a most eccentric genius, who had been transported for forgery. Thc convict, an architect by profession, and a learned man withal, was em- ployed upon many buildings in the city, and was specially occupied over the construction of the old St. Mary's Cathedral. Though his dissipated habits rendered his work somewhat intermittent, his services were eagerly sought for, and those interested took much pains to keep him sober. His spare moments were occupied in literary work, and thus it was that the present, as well as many other manuscripts, came to be written. When dying the author bequeathed his works to the gentleman above mentioned, and in this way they passed into the possession of my friend. The book with which I propose at present to deal contains an elaborate account of colonial life as it existed during the days of Governor Darling. The date on the title-page is 1845, but internal evidence shows that the inci- dents described occurred in 1825 and the few fol- lowing years. I do not think there can he any doubt as to the authenticity of the manuscript, nor as to the reality of the incidents with which its pages are crowded. There are about 200 sheets of foolscap, discoloured with age and closely written upon in a cramped semi-commercial hand. The book has seen rough usage in the past. Someone has spilt ink over many of the pages, and there are lacunæ here and there. But on the whole, with patience and a good light, the matter is fairly legible, and the difficulty only gives added interest to the perusal. It will be better perhaps to refrain from touch- ing upon the more revolting of the criminal inci- dents with which the work abounds. It was a time of brutality, of harsh taskmasters and debased servants. There were men, and one meets plenty of them in these pages, whose souls had been entirely crushed out, whose hearts were as the hearts of the savage brutes, and whose vices were worse than those of the most degraded aboriginal. And they kill and murder and com- mit outrage through all these long pages, until at last one's soul grows weary of such unstinted gruesomeness, and one turns with re- lief to the latest shilling shocker, a class of work which, in comparison with this biography, is but as food for babes and sucklings. Not that the hero of the narrative is entirely bad. He is, in fact, an angel by contrast with his comrades. True, he has committed one crime—that of housebreak- ing, for which he was transported—but with this his sinful capacity seems to have ended. He moves throughout the history amongst criminals of the most villainous character; he breaks out of prison, and is even pressed into the service of a bushranging gang who hold him their prisoner for many weeks whilst they are carrying fire and outrage through the land. For this he nearly gets hanged, but his good luck, which never deserts him, comes to his rescue, and he is reprieved at the last moment. He journeys on foot northward from the Hunter River to Cape York, following the coast line all the way; he fights aborigines by thousands, and afterwards joins a tribe of blacks; he sees murders committed by the hundred, and is brutally treated in every possible way; yet he lives through it all. It is not, however, with the latter and more adventurous part of the narrative that I have to deal. It is, perhaps, too highly spiced to be true; and has no doubt been introduced to give zest to somewhat monotonous sketch of everyday life in those times. It is the descriptive portion of the work which will be looked to with most interest by the Australians of to-day. We have in the first place a detailed account of the life on board a convict ship. This is a subject which has been dealt with over and over again, and as the voyage did not differ materially from others of the same day, I need not enlarge upon it. The only remarkable incident was a mutiny of the convicts, which was soon subdued. The men, on the whole, seem to have been fairly well treated, and we miss entirely the lurid brutality which Marcus Clarke has shudderingly painted in "His Natural Life." It is only when we reach Australia that the real colonial interest of the story begins. Let us see what the Sydney of those days, a tiny village by contrast to the modern city, was like. As to our beautiful harbour, the author is pleased to write in a deprecatory mood. "The shores of Port Jackson," he remarks, "then presented few charms, either natural or acquired: sandy bays, opening to great distances inland, bordered apparently by stunted trees; rocky headlands be- tween each inlet; crowned with similar foliage, and far away the background, on either hand, displayed dense forests of sombre green—there were then none of those elegant mansions, or beautiful villas, with their verdant and ever- blooming gardens, which now so plentifully meet the eye of the new colonist, affording abundant proofs of the wonted energy of the Anglo- Saxon race, who speedily rescue the most untamed soils from the barbarism of nature, and bid the busy science of industry and art awaken the silent echoes of every primeval forest in which they are placed. Not a single patch of cultivated soil appeared in those days to refresh the sight of the wearied voyager with evidences that here the foot of civilised man had ever trod prior to the arrival." I wonder what our author, who is rather too much given to lengthy poetical reflections of this kind, would have said about the Sydney of to-day. A whole volume of blank verse would probably have been insufficient for the outpourings of his delighted soul. However, when Garden Island is reached, he grows more practical. One of the passengers mentioned the name of this miscalled spot, and the writer expresses his unmitigated disgust in the following terms:— "Alas! the so-called Garden Island presented nothing to view but a doubly sterile mass of rugged grey rocks, rising from the bosom of one of the numerous bays, and crowned with the same unvarying livery of russet green." The ship was soon after brought to an anchor in Sydney Cove, opposite a neck of land on which stood a slaughter-house, and from here the greater part of the town could be seen. "The dwellings appeared to be chiefly of one story; in fact, most of them deserved no better name than huts. The streets were narrow and straggling, nor did there seem to be more than half-a-dozen good or conve- venient private buildings in the town. There was no cultivated land to be seen from their station, and but a very few miserable cottages, peeping here and there out of the trees, stood upon the north shore of the harbour, in various parts of which there were then about six other large vessels at anchor: and a good number of small cutters and boats, which were passing too and fro continually." The prisoners were assigned as servants to private individuals in the manner common at that time. The lot of some fell easily, they obtained light positions, whilst others were sent to labour in the fields with the hoe, a primitive instrument of agriculture then in general use through- out the colony. Our convict, who had had a good education, obtained a situation as assistant schoolmaster, and seems for a while to have been fairly well off. But Sydney life offered too many temptations for him. He joined a debating society, where speeches of a seditious character were delivered, and thus came into contact with the authorities. The re- sult was his transference to the settlement at Emu Plains, a kind of penitentiary, where the more dangerous of the convicts were kept at hard work in the fields. Of the character of the early settlers in the Nepean district at this time we learn a good deal. If their manners were rough and their dwelling's primitive, their hospitality was profuse, and the stranger, be he bond or free, was always welcome to the best they had. In accordance with a custom of the time the convicts, during the harvesting period, were allowed leave for two or three days at the end of the week, in order to help the settlers with their work. The small- ness of the population rendered such a regulation necessary, for even then farms were numerous along the banks of the Nepean. In one way the agriculturists of those days, though their methods were but primitive, showed their good sense. They did most of their work at night, after the manner clearly indicated in the following passage:—"It was a favourite as well as beneficial practice with the Australian farmers of that day to perform the greater part of their agricultural labours either at night or early each morning, so that during the middle hours of the day, when the sun was at its greatest altitude, they slept, or amused themselves in their dwel- lings. To do this with the greater advantage, they carefully studied the phases of the moon, being rather guided in their hours of labour, during the summer, by that luminary, than the too ardent god of day." Wages were high, for even the prisoners out on leave could command a pound a day and their keep for cutting wheat, so it must be presumed that a still higher rate was paid to the free men. Women, and even children, were employed in the fields, and one instance is mentioned where a man and his five daughters of varying ages were found reaping together. As to the dwellings of these people, they were slab huts, differing but little from the poorer class of settlers' houses to-day. The only modification in the structure was caused through the scarcity of nails, cords or wooden pegs being used instead for fastening the different parts of the hut together. Outside of Sydney there were hardly any towns worthy of the name in the colony at that time. Liverpool was perhaps one of the most important of the inland settlements, and the present resi- dents of this place will hardly feel flattered at the unfavourable, if prophetic, description which our author gives. "Liverpool is a town about 20 miles from Sydney, on the great Southern road of the colony. It was founded by Governor Mac- quarie, who, in selecting that name for it, seems to have expected it would become an important mart of manufacturing industry or of commercial enterprise. With this view he built an excellent hospital of great extent, a gaol, a barrack, and many other public buildings; but, THE EXCELSIOR PEACH. alas! his Excellency could neither improve the quality of the soil around it, nor supply the deficiency of water: for, although a stream called George's River, navigable for shellboats quite up to the town, runs in from Botany Bay to the interior, passing very near Liverpool, yet it flows with salt water; and the only method the inhabi- tants found in after times to obviate this pressing deficiency was by building a dam across the river's bed, and thus repressing the influence of the tides." At this time, as we learn later on, there were no less than 1500 convicts employed there, a new church was being erected, and alto- gether the place presented a hustling aspect. Though the life of the settlers was rough, food seems to have been fairly plentiful, and rum even too abundant. In describing a journey along the Southern road undertaken by two travellers, the author gives the following account of the evening meal set forth at the humble cabin of an Irish settler. As a preliminary several applications were made to the rum keg, and then:—"The whole party sat down to supper, which consisted of pork fried, damper bread, and tea, with abund- ance of eggs, and a very small piece of butter. The meat, as usual, was all put into a dish which stood in the centre of the table. Plates, knives, forks, or tablecloth were apparently superfluous encumbrances, which were utterly unknown to these good folks, each of whom, however, was provided with a pocket knife, with which he, or she, first cut a slice of the cake, then, selecting a morsel of pork to their fancy, placed the meat on the bread, and sawed away as hard as they liked." 'The only thing missing to complete the happiness of these Irish folk was the humble potato, a vegetable which the people of this nationality re- gard almost as a necessary of life. According to the author, a belief was prevalent that potatoes would not grow in Australia. "Whether," he remarks, "it was owing to their want of proper culture or suitable seed or some other cause, it was exceedingly rare to see these well-known roots in any part of New South Wales, or when they were found after many trials to grow, they scarcely attained the size of hens' eggs, even the largest of them, while far the greater portion were only about as large as musket bullets." This sounds strange reading in the present day, when the tuber is so abundant, but probably it may be accounted for on the supposition that the potato had not yet had time to become acclimatised in this Southern land. So the story runs on through varied phases, nearly every feature of colonial life being included in its many pages. It is not all peace- ful and domestic, as in the few passages I have quoted above. The bushrangers break loose on the quiet inhabitants of the Nepean district, and cruelties of an indescribable charac- ter are committed. In another place the authorised but no less terrible cruelties perpetrated at the Coal River settlement, now known as New- castle, are related with a sickening minute- ness of detail. There is an exciting account of an escape from this settlement in a boat which chance had placed in the hands of the convicts, and then we get among the aborigines. There was but little peace here either. The weapon of the blackfellow was, as a rule, turned against the white man, and the convict who escaped into the bush had to chose between two fates—death from a native spear or from the hangman's noose. The aboriginal superstitions, then untinged by contact with the white man, led them, however, at times, to make curious exceptions. They looked upon Europeans as re-incarnated beings, into whom the ghost of some dead and gone member of their own race had entered for the purpose of returning once more to earth. Consequently, when they met a white man for the first time they would always bestow upon him the name of one of their dead comrades. Sometimes, inconsistently enough, they would kill him; at other times they would treat him with the utmost respect, make him a member of their tribe, and supply him with a helpmeet, or "djin," to forage and cook for him. Thus it happened with the hero of this tale, who, falling one day into the hands of the aborigines, was rescued from sudden death by the "car- andjie" or medicine man of the tribe, who saw in him the likeness of a dead son. Four years' residence amongst the blacks makes the escaped prisoner thoroughly familiar with their habits and customs, and he has much to tell us that is interesting and instruc- tive. However, if I were once to begin quoting from this part of the manuscript there would be no end to it. The narrative travels on through many wondrous ad- ventures by sea and land, shipwrecks and rescues, until at last it finished in Sydney. I would like to tell more, and regret that in this brief sketch I have only been able to out- line the leading features of this curious old manu- script. If the author's style, as the quotations given above clearly show, is somewhat pedantic and involved, he at least commands attention by his fidelity and fullness of detail. 