THE SKETCHER. AN ITALIAN TOUR. LEO XIII. BY AN EXILED VICTORIAN. A visit to Rome, no matter how fortunate it might be in other respects, would have seemed sadly incomplete to us had it not included seeing the Holy Father, and ob- taining his blessing. But though we were duly furnished with letters of introduction to two high ecclesiastical dignitaries, either of whom would have taken a good deal of trouble on our behalf, it appeared at first as if we would have to forego the privilege so eagerly sought for, not only by members of the church whose visible head on earth the Pope is, but by numbers of those out- side the fold. The fatigue incident to Holy Week had so much prostrated the Holy Father, who is an old man in shattered health, that we were assured that there was no possibility of obtaining an audience for at least ten days afterwards, and by that time alas, our holiday would be more than half over, and we should be far from Rome. But though we might not have an audience, we could at any rate see and hear him by attending his mass on Easter Monday, and with this half measure (obtained by special favour) we were forced to content ourselves. Indeed, it was only late on the evening before the Pope's mass that our longed-for tickets of admission arrived, and we were considered lucky to get them, as there were an unusual number of applicants, and many people who had been in Rome as many weeks as we had been days had not yet been able to secure so much. The hour named for mass was 8 o'clock, but we were warned to be at the Vatican not later than 7, and so we were up betimes, yet not so early as the Herr Papa and his daughter, whom we found waiting for us in the great salle à manger of our hotel. We ladies—in our black dresses of light texture and lace mantillas, and the Herr Papa in white tie and dress- suit—looked rather shivery at that early hour, but we "pretended" (as the children say) that our rolls and coffee were supper, not breakfast, and thus persuaded ourselves that there was nothing so very incongruous in our costume after all. And when we got into open car- riages and drove off to our destination, there was no longer any need of pretending, for our veiled heads, which we considered so impres- sive and picturesque, did not possess the slightest interest for the Roman citizens who met us en route, veils being the accepted and almost universal headgear for Italian women for all church-going purposes. Arrived at the Vatican, we wended our way with other black-robed figures up a stately stair- case, and soon found ourselves in the Con- sistory-room, transformed for the nonce into a chapel. Now for the first time we saw the Swiss Guard in all their magnificence. Surely Michael Angelo must have created their motley uniform at a moment when his inspiration had deserted him. Or is there a subtle harmony unseen by the eye of the vulgar, and perceptible only to the artist, concealed in the apparent discord of bright yellow and vivid red, of which it is mainly composed? The subdued splendour of the dress of the Guardia Nobile and the Cami- rieri of the Pope made a restful contrast to this blaze of orange and scarlet, and when at length the Holy Father himself appeared, robed entirely in white, he looked, amid the colour which surrounded him, more like a visitant from the other world than a living mortal man. Nothing more spiritual and spectral-like than the appearance of Leo XIII. is it possible to conceive. To say that he is pale and thin is an altogether inade- quate manner of describing the utter white- ness of his face and the emaciation of his body. A dead man could not be more abso- lutely colourless, and no man with the breath of life in him could well be more fleshless. But his eyes are bright and full of expression, and his smile lights up his face in a quite won- derful manner. The most startling thing about him is his voice, which is strong, clear, and penetrating as the voice of a man in his prime. After his mass there was a second mass, celebrated by a priest of his household. During the whole of it the venerable Pontiff knelt on the altar and recited the rosary aloud, the congregation making the responses. Never have I heard such fervent Ave Marias. It was hard to say whether the Holy Father more fully realised to us how near prayer draws the creature to the Creator, when with bent head he held silent com- munion with God, or afterwards when he lifted up his voice in supplication for his people. When he prayed aloud it seemed as if his clear beseeching tones must reach the highest heavens, and we were glad to join our voices with his. And when at the end he gave his apostolic blessing to all assembled, not only his faithful children but those who were not of the household were deeply impressed. After the blessing he said a few words to those nearest to him as he walked away from the altar, laying his hand on the head of one, allowing another to kiss his ring, and giving a special bless- ing to those who besought it. It was then that we had an opportunity of noting the rare beauty of his smile, which quite transfigured his face, giving it a sweetness and benevolence which are not to be found in any of his portraits, where the ascetic and sterner side of his character is alone to be discovered. If it were not that another venerable personage has a kind of vested right to the descriptive words "grand old man," I could think of none which would better pourtray Leo XIII. He looks likes a statesman, a ruler, and a sovereign, or rather like a ghost of one who had been all those things, and when his benign and gracious smile lights up his wasted features, he even more emphatically looks Il Papa, the father, whose children from the farthest ends of the world have each a share in his love and care. As we are now at the Vatican, let us at least take a glance at the world-famous galleries, which of themselves are of sufficient attraction to draw countless visitors to Rome. We have already had a peep at the pic- tures. To-day we shall not linger long, but we must glance at, if we cannot examine in detail, the Apollo Belvedere, the Laocoon, the bust of the Young Augustus, the Cupid of Praxiteles, and other ancient works of art of which we know something from having seen copies more or less resembling the originals. A thing of beauty is a joy for ever, according to John Keats, while other poets sing of the transitory nature of most fair things, which like summer flowers bloom but to fade. For ever is a long day, but when the thing of beauty happens to be the Apollo Belvedere, or some other such enduring monument of ideal perfection wrought in marble, it really seems to defy time, and to have a kind of immortality of its own. A pensive mind, prone to find sermons in stones, will be at no loss for a subject for meditation among these galleries of the Vatican. The single thought of the countless generations of men who have come and gone, while the marble group of the Laocoon and his sons agonise in the writhing coils of the serpent, and after all these ages still wait for the relief of death, is sufficiently overwhelming, if there were not in addition the busts of the Cæsars and other great ones of ancient Rome to preach with dumb lips the fleetness and emptiness of earthly glory. But if stones preach, that is no reason why I should, unless I aim at seeing my paper appear in the special column set apart for sermons, and so a truce to moralising. In looking at the Jupiters and Junos, the Venuses and Mercurys, the Graces and Fauns congregated in the Vatican, with their perfectly propor- tioned forms and wonderful beauty of feature, one is apt to think that if human models were copied by the artists who fashioned them, men and women must have sadly degenerated since those days; but it is mainly the immortals who are so beautiful; many of the heads of real men, emperors, statesmen, and generals, are not at all more ideal than the heads of the rulers, legislators, and warriors of our own day. Great Cæsar himself is of such specially forbidding aspect that one marvels, when one reflects that "twice was he married ere he was twenty, and many times after." I do not know if the various Mesdames Cæsar were above suspicion, but unless his features have been treated with undue harshness by the many sculptors who have pourtrayed him, I fear me those short-lived ladies must have had an arbitrary lord. In Rome one seems to be constantly drifting backwards, and to be living at latest with the early Christians in the Catacombs. In the Vatican, when our thoughts had gone much further back, and we were gazing at an image of the wolf foster-mother with her sturdy nurselings, we were called back to-day by the greetings of friendly voices, erstwhile familiar to our ears in Collins- street. What did we say to each other? Did we exchange our impressions of Rome? Not a bit of it! We talked of A. and B., of dear old C., of D. and G., and the whole alphabet of friends at the antipodes, and so, for the moment at least, all the wonders we had come so far to see were forgotten, and we were no longer dead and gone Romans, but living, loving Australians rejoicing in news from home.—S. 