FICTION. :0: From Kngtlati. American, and Other Peri o ii I cull. A SAVAGE SISTER. CHAPTER XIX. WniCn SHAIIi CONQUEE. Tet tears to human suffering are due ; And mortal hopes defeated and o'erthrown Are mourned by man and not by man alone. -TFbrdstoori/i. "How horrible!" said Walker Paling, pacing the floor of his study with his hands clasped behind him and his head bent in deep thought. His brows were meetiDg blackly, and his eyes were shot with red as though he were enduring some estreme mental and physical Buffering. " How horrible ! Treat this matter as lightly ns I may, there remains this horrible conviction that she was dictating to me what I should do and not the hero of this romance! Sbe uttered not one word of it, and yet I Know that it is her determina tion to force me to accomplish the evil she has in view. She hutes her brother. He stands also in the way of her inheriting an immense fortune. She would revenge herself upon him because his nobler nature con- quered the devilish side of character running through the family. She would have me end his life in some silent manner, as the heroine does in this manuscript, or she would have me shield her with my life if her hand should do the deed !" To and fro he paced more and more slowly and finally paused at his desfc, where the manuscript lay ready for copying, revised and edited. He had done his best with it and worked faithfully to make it perfect, to tone down the crimson stain upon it and to brighten the sadder pages. He gave his time for days after the woman left him, impressed with the belief that she still knew of his move- ments and still coloured his will with her own. He could not lay,it aside as he could any other such work of his own, but gave his constant time and thought to its perfecting He had worked himself pale and thin, but could not resist the invisible, incompre- hensible power that forced him on. Pausing at the desk, he lifted the manu- script and ran over the pages, fluttering them, as he read here and there a particularly slrong line or paragraph. As he did so he became absorbed in it ; he could not lay it down ; it was as though, as an actor in a drama, he must thoroughly learn his part. He smiled bitterly as thÍB thought came to him. He felt that it was true ; and, like the actor, when the drama was played, he must accept his part . " It is a horrible thing !" he said to him- self, still struggling to conquer the power that would conquer his will. " Yet she has ruled my intellect since first we met, and only heaven knows but she always will ! I fight against it and yield at last! I. am powerlesB to withstand such strange machina- tions !" Once more he ran over page after page before him, this thought in his mind, and re- alized that it was indeed a drama for his im- personation, wherein the hero, for love, shielded the woman who held his heart against the law and the world when she had stained her hands with her brother's blood in order to wreak the vengeance of Heaven upon him for bia lack of spirituality, believing in the fancy of a mad woman, that she was Bent direct by Heaven to perpetrate the ace. Her lover suffered much, endured insults and even imprisonment through his love, claiming that it was his hand that ended the brother's life, and would have suffered death, but at the last pardon was granted both, and they went away together to new scenes and new friends far from the old. "Walker Paling knew that the plot wbb unique, that many scenes were dramatic, that it was written powerfully and well. The work as a romance was unexceptionable ; ob an inspiration to like action it was the word of a demoniacal mind and brain. He laid the manuscript down again and seated himself in the-»softly upholstered re volving-chair before the desk. "With one el- bow upon it he rested his head upon his hand and pondered over and over his course of action. Should he, or should he not publish the novel ? Upon that, to him, rested the weight of the whole affair. If he should do this, and then the actual deed follow upon it, would not the world cry out upon bim as a murderer, like a pack of wolves ? Would it not accuse him of the deed P Would it not have clear ground for its charges ? And might there not be reason, to accuse him ? How could he know what he would do under the power of the woman whose mad blood coloured .her intellect, ana her will held his ? And knowing that his brain fashioned the romance, such a counterpart to to the deed-would not the world point to him as the one who was guilty P With his h ad upon his hand, sitting at bia desk, Walker Paling fought a difficult fight with fate, and knew not for many deys whether he were victor or vanquished. And always in his mind ran the woman's words, thut should the book fail to spur others to like action, it would have been written in vain. Por several days this struggle continued, though he resumed his social life, having left the city with the early summer and being among many friends at Newport, and that to some extent softened the intensity of this mental suffering. For it wos acute, actual suffering to him. He was changed even to his friends, who believed that this wastïue to overtaxed brains aDd gave him most sincere sympathy. _ They seldom questioned him regarding his wife, for rumour set the whisper adrift that their lives were ,not happy together, and society is dis- creet if not over-sensitive as to inflicting wounds upon painfully stung eensibilitiea. Therefore his many friends, the many in- vitations extended to bim, the crowd of'duties daily devolving upon him, somewhat dulled the first wild revolt at the fate that placed bim as the principal actor in a drama laid before bim as a romance, but impressed upon bia inner conviction as his life to be. And so one day a new novel was issued from the presB in paper covers of gray and Ted, and the world was startled by its daring plot. Startled, somewhat horrified at first, perhaps, then better pleased, and tbeu the novel was an accepted fact, talked about and read, and critioised with alternate severity and commendation, but accepted as the novel of the day, and not to have read it augured an inappreciative taste. So " The Drama of a Life," with streaks of red across the covers, became a powerful factor in many live», and struck real life's horizon, with the same red hue tinging the curtain hung before the future, that parted aB days passed by. The novelist's friends congratulated him upon the Buccess of his marvellous last work, predicting for him many pleasnnt possibilities ; but it seemed to him always at such ti mee that they were urging him on to like action. If the world could praise a fictitious hero for such an act, should it not also praise such a hero in real life, a man, at the instigation of a woman, and under her strange mesmeric power, wherein her wish waa his, her will his own accomplishing a fiendish act from revenge, spurred on by spiritual forcea P Daily he grew more and more impressed with thiB belief, until be became at times alarmed, thinking himself mad. He brooded for hours, when alone, over the horrible fatality that so governed his promising life. He had worked hard to attain the height upon which his fame rested ; and was he to be cast down in humiliation through the subtle power of a half mad woman ? He was often tempted to go to Doctor Oldham, lay the matter before him, and ask his advice, but was always hindered from doing this from the knowledge that the woman waa sought by Oldham before she gave him her love. He could not go to her old lover and make known her wish. Besides, he knew from past experience that the man would uphold her. He grew gloomy and morose. A cigar and solitude were his companions sometimes for days together. Little by little he allowed hiu social duties to die away. Even the pretty young artist, whoBe friendship waB more to him than she knew, could not rouse him from thip despondency. Ettie Fitzgerald was a charming little woman, and gave him the sincere admiration and Bympathy that his genius demanded of such n fine nature as her own. He admired her Perhaps had he met her before this other woman gained influence over Kim, she might have been more to him than merely a womanly friend. If this thought iutruded upon him at times, he crushed it faithfully^; and as this mental struggle grew upon him, all other ties dropped away, until even this earnest woman faded from his thought. f All life seemed a blank save the future-a curtain woven with crimson in its woof. And, one day, he went quietly away from his friends, giving no hint of the cause of hie departure, of his destination, in the courteous yet rather stiff notes of farewell which he sent to those moot true among these friends. Pretty Míbb Fitzgerald was one of these, and if she was more quiet than usual for a few days after this, no one questioned the cause or remarked upon the change. "I never knew a writer yet who wasn't queer in the head," said one of Paling's friends to a group on the piazza of Mrs Fitz- gerald's cottage, as they discussed the nove- list's strange manner of going away. " It looks as though this last book has knocked bim all up. His mind and imagination must be at work continually. He will turn to a skeleton if he continues at this rate !" " I never saw any one look as he did when he finished thin book!" added another of the group. " By Jove ! He looked as though he had been living with ghosts for a month ! He ought not to work so hard. One such novel is enough for a lifetime, I should think !" "No doubt-if you were to write it!" re- torted the first speaker. "You are not like Paling, you know, Townsend. He works like a Trojan to accomplish any given work Nevertheless, it must tell upon him to plot and plan such strong romances aB he gives us." " Perhaps his wife assists him," suggested Miss Fitzgprald Boftly, smiling. "There is something in her face that leads one to believe her capable of some great work, if she would attempt it. I have Beldom met her, but tbe first time her beauty impressed itself upon me." " "With a woman's peculiar perception," said the gentleman beside her. "For my part, I was repelled rather than attracted by Paling's wife. I have heard that many admire her, but as she is a sort of a recluse anyway it ii difficult to say positively. She goes out so seldom, one has mighty little opportunity to study up on her character." " When I finished reading this novel," said Mr. Townsend, more seriously than the others had spoken, " it left with me a fear that would not be set aside. I felt and still feel as though there were something uncanny about it, or as though it were not all imaginary. No wonder that Paling had a ghostly look when he finished it !" "I heard one of the most peouliar criti- cisms upon the book, last night," said one lady, moving her fan lazily to and fro, as the soft breeze from the water lifted the fluffy hair about her piquant fpce. " You know that Dr. Oldham himself is peculiar in some of his views. I received a letter from a friend last night, and in it she wrote that Doctor Oldham was greatly impressed by this new book, and-that none of us could imagine what he said regarding it !" She laughed in a slow, pretty fashion, very captivating to the man leaning behind her chair. " Why, he said in the most matter-of-fact manner, that he is assured that the work was tfone for a purpose more than to merely amuse the readers, and that it is his firm belief that the writer was inspired !" (To he continued.) Mr. Yates tells a good story in the London World. It is of a Yankee minister, who said to his congregation :-" My friends, after the close of the sermon we will take up a col- lection. The rich will give of their abund- ance, and we shall not despise the widow's mite. I may say we reckon the widow'B mite at 2¿dpls." 