Tile Partin,. "It is for the last time," she whis pered. Dumbly eyes told eyes this was the truth. Always inevitable, it had come at last. rAfter to-nighlit there was to be no future in common. As yet neither has said the, word, that each is think ing of. "Good-bye!" .A. little .word to hold so much of " pin. "To' forgetl" A short sentence to. ,illustrate thel impus sible. "Not yet!" A prayer :for reo prieve. "The end!" A futureless hour which embraces Past and Present.: "'The rose is dead," says he, ass show. er of petals fell at his feet. ]Mechan ically removing the broken stem from his button-hole, he added-"and-the word is said." "It has been a most sweet chapter in our lives," said she, with downcast eyes. - - "I would not have missed it," replied he-"though we may never add-" "To be continued." And a tear stole softly over her cheek Each had lingered, loth to turn the last torn leaf. Soon nothing would be left of what had been all Alasl That the books of men's lives should be writ ten in the sand, and that the tides of the years leave not even a trace. A strange emptiness fills the night. Other nights shall come ghost- haunted. Ghosts of inscrutable glances-of sweet replies to old immortal questionings. She stands beside him, her lips quiv ering with agony suffered for his sake. His eyes are filled with pitying tears for Swo broken lives- their own. Alasl br the nights brimming with happy ilances under the stars. The shaded lamp is burning out. The hour has some. Words are poor things. "Did I bring my cane?" And his trembling hand roaohea into a shadowy borner. "Yes; hero it is," replied she. "Good night." "Good night." Each knows that it is a good-bye. * A caress. A sigh. A sob. The floor closes. His rapid footsteps are ýpoodily lost to herlistening ear. Yes, it is over. The darkness swallows him from Bight. A murky flash. He is lighting is cigarette. And she? She slowly rearranges her ruffled hangs as she murmurs, with a yawn: "I wonder what. time he'll come up to-morrow night I" They have bid each. other an eternal farewell before. 