ALTHOUGH a great deal of time has been wasted during the past week upon useless recrimination, yet the amount of work the Assembly has con- trived to accomplish contrasts favor- ably with the general want of progress which has hitherto made the session discreditably exceptional. Probably there never was a session even of the Victorian Parliament in which so much time was spent in talk and so little of the work for which the legislators are paid was done. Had even the rate of the last week’s action been kept up during the whole session the esti- mates would have been finished, the abandoned bills would have been dealt with, those still pending com- pleted, and the whole of the Minis- terial programme despatched. As it is, unless the estimates are to be swal- lowed in one lump, and the bills still to be dealt with taken as perfect, there is not the least chance of com- pleting the legislation remaining on the paper before Christmas. There is, of course, no reason in the world why the House should not sit after Christ mas, and if the members find them- selves inconvenienced by the necessity for so doing, they have, after all, only themselves to blame. Indeed it will be their plain duty to resist the closing of the session until the serious financial position has been fully debated, and the enormous demands of the coming year properly provided for. It has previously happened that we have had to pay three millions of loan falling due in a single year, but that was in a year of prosperity; now we have to pay three and a-half millions at a time when a deficit of a million is climbing steadily to a million and a-half, and the position is not one which the Assembly can afford to disregard. The only manner in which members can atone for their past neglect and indifference will be by paying special attention to duty now. It is the eleventh hour and late to begin the work of the day, but better late than never is a proverb thoroughly applicable under the cir- cumstances. So far, the record of the week stands fairly well. It has seen the settlement of the mallee question upon terms which are admittedly reasonable. All the applications for subdivision already made and favorably considered, are to be granted—the conditions "being ac- ceptable; but further subdivision will only be permitted on the terms laid down in the bill. This is quite just. Those lessees who had begun to avail themselves of the provisions of the ex- isting law will be allowed to carry out their intentions. Those who have been merely shepherding leases with a view of presently profiting by the work their neighbors have done, cannot properly complain if the State insists upon re- gulating their transactions. The mallee district comprises about a fifth of the entire area of the colony, and five-sixths of it still await the settlement which apparently a number of cultivators are ready to begin. A measure which defines the rights of all persons, and arranges the course of procedure, is a welcome achievement. The explanation and acceptance of the principle of the Absentee Income Tax Bill is also a useful point gained. The bill has yet to pass the alterations in committee, where it is to be hoped the clause E of section 4 will be very carefully handled. That clause imposes a tax “ upon the income or profits any absentee is entitled to receive in re- pect to any mine or mineral respect- ively in or upon or won from land in Victoria." It certainly will not do to accompany any invitations to invest in Victorian mines which may be made to British capitalists, with an intima- tion that if they make any profit five per cent will be deducted therefrom. Victorian mining speculations have not proved fortunate to British investors, and this provision would alienate them entirely. The As- sembly is favorable to the main object of the bill, which is a step toward the settlement of a very im- portant question, and as such may be counted as good work. In the same category must be ranked the intro- duction of the Mildura Compromise Bill, misleadingly called Waterworks Construction Amendment. The ap- pearance of the bill has led to a tem- porary settlement between the parties to the dispute, and this is a point gained. Before the year is over representatives of the various, interests concerned will, no doubt, have hit upon some permanent arrangement. One thing to be greatly regretted in the week’s work is the failure of the Legislative Coun- cil to accept the principle of the pur- chase of lands in the Village Settle- ment Bill. Without that provision the bill is almost worthless. With it there might be some chance of initiat- ing a system which is growing increas- ingly popular and useful all the world over. It is to be hoped the Council will see its way to reinstate the pro- vision, however much it may limit its operation and the amount to be spent under the leave given to Ministers. For the disturbance with which the week ended and for the unseemly conflict over the railway question Ministers must be held directly respon- sible. Their definite undertaking to introduce each line separately was un- blushingly abandoned, and no amount of the Premier’s rhetoric can hide the fact or excuse it. Mr KIRTON rose to the opportunity when he denounced the manner in which the lines were brought before the House as the grossest piece of political immorality ever attempted. He was perfectly right in urging the House to insist upon having a financial statement before passing political lines, and members will do well to take his ad- vice. The statement presently ob- tained from the Treasurer came as a practical answer to this appeal, but it was neither clear nor satisfactory. Sir GRAHAM BERRY said quite cor- rectly that the remaining balance of the last loan had better be applied to railways, for which purpose it had been borrowed than in aid of current revenue, to balance which he requires assistance. He is, of course, bound to apply the moneys specifically borrowed for railway construction to that pur- pose, but the sum at his disposal is not large enough. It was £560,000, to which he says nearly £100,000 has been added by departmental econo- mies. But from this money the cost of the Warracknabeal lines; £180,000, has to be deducted, and it is not by any means easy to see whence the balance is to be derived. In this respect also he spoke of a local loan. Is it possible that he hopes to borrow locally both in aid of the de- ficiency in revenue and on account of public works? In any case the Assem- bly should insist upon full and accurate information. The discreditable rush to add lines to the bill without giving the least attention to the means of providing for their construction, was far from reassuring in any point of view. The members could not have taken a course more calculated to stop railway construction entirely had they desired to do so. It is evident that if every member who chooses to propose an addition to the Govern- ment scheme is to be supported by the House, no rail ways at all can be made at present. Nor were the scenes between the Speaker and the Premier, between Messrs HARPER and SHIELS, and Messrs DOW and MCLELLAN, con- ducive to the dignity of Parliament. The proceedings concerning the rail- way proposals can only be charac- terised, in the language used by Mr ISAACS, as disgraceful. The fact that Parliament will not permit the word to be used does not prevent its being entirely appropriate. Two lessons stand out plainly from the events of the week. One is that Parliament should not separate for the holidays without insisting on a clear statement of ways and means, showing how the heavy liabilities of next year are to be provided for; and the other, that no railways should be accepted until the House is shown exactly how they are to be paid for. The question of the title to the Museum property was again discussed at the meeting of the School of Mines Council last evening. Dr Pinnock stated that he and Mr Middle- ton had waited on Mr Oddie in accordance with the desire of the council. Mr Oddie had assured them that he had no objection to make over the property to the original trustees, or to sign a declaration of trust. Mr Murtell considered that Mr Oldie had acted as he should not. The school sub- scribers hail elected two trustees. If the land was transferred to the old trustees, the council could not mortgage it if they wished to. Practically Mr Oddie prevented the expenditure of a sum of about £4000. He was sorry to think that Mr Oddie had still power to refuse to hand over the property. Dr Pinnock said Mr Oddie had stated distinctly that he was opposed altogether to any power being given to trustees to make use of museum property to raise money, as the Government had given money for a definite purpose. The mem- bers of the Council, Mr Oddie believed, would be sorry afterwards to find that the land was sold. They would reproach them- selves and would be reproached for doing what had never been intended. He would remind the members that Mr Oddie had re- fused to do what they wished him to do in any way. Rather than transfer the land to the trustees appointed by the Council’s trustees, Mr Oldie was prepared to face public opinion. Mr Middleton stated that the school’s title was perfectly good in accordance with the opinion of their solicitor, but there was no power to remove trustees. If the land was transferred to the original trustees they would have it always for the use of the school. Mr Martell thought the matter should be postponed until Dr Thornton, Bishopf Ballarat, was present. Mr Middle ton moved—" That Mr Oddie be asked to transfer the property to the old trustees, and that the solicitors be instructed to pre- pare the transfer.” The motion was seconded by Dr.Pinnock and carried. Messrs Lind- say and Martell voted against the motion. The formal starting of the machinery lately erected in connection with the Contest Company, Browns, took place yesterday. A large gathering of shareholders and visitors assembled to witness the proceedings, which were of an interesting and successful nature. A report of the ceremony appears in another colnmn. The petition of Mr and Mrs Siebert in re- gard to the Mercantile Bank has been with- drawn. The opinion of counsel in reference to the prosecution will possibly be given on Monday. A fire by which a cottage owned and occu- pied by Mr Thos. Yates in Neil street north was totally destroyed occurred yester- day afternoon shortly before 3 o’clock. The firemen responded to the call, and were quickly on the scene, but were suc- cessful only in saving a quantity of furniture, including a sewing machine. The furniture was uninsured, but the house was covered by insurance in the Commercial Union Company for the sum of £300. The flames were first observed by Mr Kift, who, in company with another young man, rendered valuable assistance in saving some of the household effects prior to the arrival of the brigade. Miss Yates can offer no opinion as to the origin of the fire, which ia a complete mystery. A painful circumstance in connection with the occur- rance is that Mrs Yates was away from home on a visit to some relatives in Melbourne who have recently suffered a bereavement. Some discussion took place at the Town Council meeting yesterday regarding legal proceedings threatened by the cab inspector against three cabmen driving on the Brown Hill line for standing at the corner of Peel and Bridge streets. Cr Dunn objected to an officer from another municipality interfering, but Crs Elsworth and McKee pointed out that at Ballarat West, Ballarat East, and Sebastopol had made joint regula- tions he was as much an officer of the Town Council as any other. It was pointed out that although the cabmen had been allowed the stand for nine years, no stand was gazetted. On the motion of Cr McKee it was decided that application be made to have the stand gazetted. It was resolved to leave all other matters in connection with the same subject in the hands of the mayor, who undertook to have information asked for by Cr Dunn supplied. The annual meeting of the governors and subscribers of the School of Mines is to be held on the 20th January next. The presi- dent, Dr Pinnock, Mr F. J. Martell, and Professors Smith and Krause were ap- pointed a committee to draft the annual report. Colonel Sleep and Mr Gibbings, J’s.P., presided at the City Police Court yesterday. Robert and Augusta Muench were charged with drunkenness. On the application of the police a remand for seven days was granted. Subsequently Mr H. S. Barrett applied to the magistrates to admit the female defendant to bail, but as it was evident the woman was not in a fit state to take care of herself the application was refused. A young man named Ernest Parkinson was charged with assaulting a lad named William Trembath. Evidence was taken showing that the assault was quite unprovoked, the defendant, who was arrested by Constable Arbery, pleaded that he had never been previously before the police court. A fine of 10s or two days’ im- prisonment was imposed. Dr Pinnock and Mr F. J. Martell were last evening appointed by the council of the School of Mines as their representatives on the deputation to the Minister of Education from the University council in regard to the reduction ot charges of fees from School of Mines students. At the City Court yesterday cross sum- monses between Jane James and Annie Scott were dealt with by the bench. The trouble in the first instance appeared to have risen over a fight between two lads, the next step being a quarrel between the relations of the combatants, which led to the present charges of assault. After a Iot of time had been wasted in sifting the matter, both cases were dismissed. Several parents were fined at the same court for neglecting to comply with the provisions of the Education Act. A large number of debt cases were also dealt with by the magistrates. At the fortnightly meeting of the Town Council yesterday, the following tenders were referred to the works committee:— Filling footpath. Eureka street, north side, W. Anstis, £24 6s 8d; supplying gravel in Anderson street, Grimmett and King, £7 10s. A presentation of a handsome silver watch and gold albert chain was made yesterday afternoon at the Town Hall, Ballarat East, to the young miner William H. Bathurst, who some time ago, it will be remembered, distinguished himself by a gallant attempt to save the life of a comrade in a shaft on the White Horse Ranges. The watch bore the following inscription:—“Presented to William H. Bathurst as a mark of esteem for his heroic action it attempting to rescue a fellow worker. Ballarat East, 8th Decem- ber, 1892.” The presentation was made in the mayor’s room, subsequent to the meeting of the Towp Council. Mayor Pearce handed over the gift to Mr Bathurst with a few words appropriate to the occasion, and the recipient suitably replied. The Town Council yesterday struck a rate of 2s in the pound for the period com- mencing on the Ist December, 1892, and ending on the 30th November, 1893, the rate to he collected in two moieties of la each, the first moiety to be due and payable on the 12th inst., and the second moiety on the 12th June, 1893. Cr Elsworth referred to the fact that many ratepayers paid their rates for the year together. They should be made aware that the moieties fell due separately, and in the financial position of town it was desirable that the first moiety should be got in as soon as possible. The erection of the rail fencing in that por- tion of the City Police Court reserved for the general public from the body of the court, was referred to yesterday by Colonel Sleep, chairman of the bench. The magistrate con- gratulated the police on the work having been accomplished, so that legitimate visi- tors to the body of the court had now free access. He trusted that the passage would in future be kept clear, and the mere onlookers kept in their proper place. Ser- geant Murphy briefly replied to his worship, and said that the rail would save a lot of extra work to the police. He was glad that the press had taken the matter up, and pointed nut the necessity of the improve- ment. A quantity of correspondence was received at the meeting of the Town Council yester- day with regard to the nominations for the representatives of municipalities on the Fire Brigades Board and on the local committee. The council are not in love, however, with the present fire brigades system, and the letters were simply passed over without comment and without any nomination being made. The members of the board of arbitration in connection with local option proceedings in Ballarat West took their seat at 12.30 yesterday, when his Honor Judge Chomley announced the following awards:—Northum- berland hotel—Owner, Mrs Mahoney, £519; licensee, Mrs B. Gargan, £420 16s 8d. White Hart hotel—Owner, E. R. Keelan, £650; licensee, E. R. Keelan, £405. Clarke’s hotel Owner, Mrs E. Dawson, £270; licensee, Mrs E. Dawson, £234 10s. Hamp- ton Court hotel—Owner, M. Levinson, £505; licensee, J. Munro, £120. Half-way house— Owner, John Harrison, £500; licensee, John Fancy, £300. Black Ball hotel—Owner, J. Bromley, £430; licensee, J. Bromley, £284 10s. The awards previously made were mentioned in Thursday’s Star. The arbitrators for the first time, during the whole proceedings agreed in their awards to some of the claim- ants, namely, owner of Northumberland, owners and licensees of the White Hart and Clarke’s, and the occupiers of the Half-way House and Hampton Court. In all other cases the amount of compensation was fixed by the umpire. The court will not resume its sittings until 2 p.m. on Tuesday, when, if the County and Licensing Courts shall not have been finished, a further adjournment will be made. The many friends of Mr Henry Smith, formerly of the Exhibition Mart, and now living in Lyons street, will regret to hear that he is at present in a critical state. Last night he was so low that he was not ex- pected to live until to-day. Mr Smith has lived in Ballarat for about 40 years, and is a highly respected resident. The fortnightly meeting of the Carpenters and Joiners’ Union was held at the Trades Hall last evening, when there was a good attendance. Amongst the correspondence was a letter relative to the action of the liquidators of the Mercantile Bank in bring- ing the liquidation of the institution under the supervision of the court on the grounds that such a course was preferable to the creditors. The notion of the liquidators was approved of. It was agreed to meet the contractors in conference regarding the al- ledged grievances, concerning which corres- pondence has passed between the two bodies. The secretary was instructed to send a letter of thanks to Mr Breskin, who had acted as clerk of works at the Convent, for his consideration in the matter of employing journeymen to perform the work. Mr T. Brophy was elected auditor for the ensuing term. The meeting then adjourned until the 6th January. The local police yesterday received a telegram from Allendale to the effect that a man named Geo. Whitnall, 60 years of age had been found dead in his bed late in the morning. An enquiry will be held. A large and fashionable gathering as- sembled at the Loretto Convent, Dawson street, last evening, the occasion being the breaking-up of the school. Dr Moore, Bishop of Ballarat, presided, and amongst those present were Dean Hoyne, Dr De- laney, and a large number of clergy. The programme presented was ready excellent, and it would be a hard matter to say which item was most appreciated by the audience. Great amusement was caused by "A scene in the 21st century," which depicted a period when the ladies had the upper hand, and the gentlemen were forced to do those duties which, in this ceutury, are attended to by the gentler sex. The "Japanese dance”, was very graceful and pretty, the dancers being little children suitably costumed for the part. Concerning the operetta it would be difficult to say too much in praise. The complete programme. which provided an entertainment of ex- ceptional merit, was as follows:— Addressed " Processionmarsh ” (pianos, violin, cello, organ); simultaneous recitation, “ The Tem- pest" (taught by Mr Paine); a scene in the 21st century; " Tannhauser ” (Wagner) (violins, cello, organ); operetta 1st. scene, "The battle of the books;" Japanese dancers piano duet, “ Ecume de Mer" (Hertz); second scene of operetta; finale, "Queen of Loretto." Special reference must also be made to the manner in which the stage was arranged, the decorations and fittings reflecting the highest credit on the taste of those respon- sible for them. The monthly meeting of the council of the School of Mines was held last evening, there were present—The president (Mr Anderson), and Messrs William,, Lindsay Pinnock, Figgis, and Martell. Accountants amounting to £526 7s 8d were passed for payment. Several reports were read and other business transacted, and the council adjourned. A woman, named Annie Johnson, was arrested yesterday morning by Constable McPherson on a charge of vagrancy. Almost two hours after the defendant had been placed on the lockup she complained of feel- ing ill, and in order that she might be properly treated, Mr King, J.P., attended at the watchhouse and remanded her to the gaol. The anniversary services in connection with the Lydiard street Wesleyan Church will be held to morrow. The service will be conducted by the Rev. William Williams. F.L.S., of Toorak, formerly a popular minister in the City, and special music will be rendered by the choir, under the leader- ship of Mr Charles Eyres. On Monday evening a tea, musical festival, and public meeting will be held, at the latter of which the Hon. James Campbell, M.L.A., will take the chair. Addresses will be delivered by the Rev. W. Williams, F.L.S., and J. Cowper- thwaite, B. A. A choice programme of anthems, solos, and duets will be given by the choir. The sale of gifts in connection with St. Stephen’s Church, Clayton street, was con- tinued last evening, A large number of buyers were present, and the stall holders were kept busy supplying the wants of their customers. In spite of the heavy demand on the fishpond the previous evening, anglers last night had no reason tn complain. The sale has been very successful, and should result in a good profit being realised. The Hon. E. Steinfeld, M.L.C., was pre- sent yesterday afternoon at the meeting of the Town Council, The annual meeting of the Ballarat Flower Mission was held on Wednesday. The sec- retary reported that 50 meetings had been held during the year, and that the Hospital had been visited 50 times, and the Benevo- lent Asylum 48. Since last December the members have distributed 5046 bunches of flowers at the institutions, and during the winter cakes were taken to the Benevolent Asylum 19 times when flowers were scarce. The committee wish to express their grati- tude to all the friends who have so kindly assisted them by sending flowers and papers, and especially to the children who sent bunches of flowers. The members meet every Wednesday, from 2 to 3 o’clock, in St. Andrew’s schoolroom, and would be glad to receive flowers or papers from any friends who may have not hitherto helped them. As it is their custom to give Christmas presents to the inmates of the abovenamed institutions, they would thankfully receive and distribute any gifts in money or kind that may he sent to the secretary (Miss Radcliff) before Saturday, the 24th De- cember. The annual inspection of the 1st Bat- talion of the 3rd Regiment will be made this afternoon by the Commandant of the Defence Force, Major-General Tulloch. The University classes have again been very successful at the December pharmacy examinations, three of the four students sent up having succeeded in passing, viz., E. Malyon, A. Kenny, and H. Freeman, the firstnamed securing fourth place in order of merit. During the past 12 months seven students have been prepared at the Univer- sity classes (conducted by Mr C. W. Wilson, B. A.) for these examinations, and of these six have pissed, giving a percentage of over 80. Two horses which were being changed at the tramcar at the Grenville street terminus halted yesterday morning, at about half past 10 o’clock. The animals ran into the fence around the oak tree near the Galloway monument, one of them being slightly cut, while the other escaped injury. The fence was also damaged to some extent. Nominations for seats on the Country Fire Brigades’ Board and on the local com- mittees close to-day. The day of election is Thursday, 29th instant. At a meeting of the Ballarat Bicycle Club held last evening, it was decided to hold the election of officers over for a week or two, and it was agreed tn have the first run of the season to-day to Haddon. Visitors and intending members, will meet at the Eight Hours monument at 2 30 p.m. Messrs Morris, McKee, and Josephs, J’P., attended at the Town Police Court yester- day. One toper was fined 10, and a young man charged with indecent behavior was discharged. This was the only business. Mr W. Robertson, clerk of works in Bal- larat East, reported to the Town Council yesterday that 50 loads of cement would be required to repair the Yarrowee channel between Curtis street and Little Bridge street. The matter was referred tn the work, committee for consideration at their meeting on Monday next. The results of the examination in elemen- tary electricity and magnetism held in the Ballarat State schools are as follows in order of merit.—School 34—J. Stevenson (credit), J. Sutherland (credit), Ernest Bunting (credit), Albert Harvey, O. Reid, P. Cohen, Phillip Roberts, A. E George, A. Smith, Sam Goldreich, O Jenkins, Harry Elsworth, J. E Williams, Edith Thomas, Fred. Whit- ing, George Brown, Allen Stanford, Harry Phillips, W. G. Brough, W. L. Roberts, Fred. Jenkins, Lillie Millett, H. Mathews, School No. 2022—Wm. John, Frank Kiel, Charles Emery, James Jasper, James Pais- ley, Albert Johnson, Herbert Seeley. School No. 1493—W. G. Stubbs (credit), Albert Gay, W. Temby. The junior scholars attending the Rubicon and Lydiard streets Wesleyan Sabbath schools held their annual picnics at the gardens yesterday. There was a large attendance at each, and the picnickers spent a very pleasant day. The half-yearly re-union of the students at the School of Mines was celebrated last evening. There was a very large attendance, and the evening's entertainment was of a most enjoyable nature. An excellent banquet had been provided and the tables were most tastefully arranged. Mr Moore occupied the chair, and the following toasts were honored : — " The Queen,” "The Council,” proposed by Mr Burbidge and re- sponded to by Mr Berry; “The Staff,” “The Students,'’ "Departing Students.” and “ The Ladies.” An excellent pro- gramme of songs, recitations, &c.;, was also rendered by the following—Dr Gutheil, Messrs A. Baird, Parry, A. Chancellor, J. Bickett, G. Scott, Hall, Hay, Burbidge, Moore and Watson. A special meeting of the Creswickshire Council was held at the Shire Hall, King- ston, yesterday, to consider the decision in the action, Barry v the Creswickshire Coun- cil. The meeting was adjourned, but the councillors were unanimous in favor of ap- pealing to the Full Court, The loss sustained to the Catholic com- munity by the closing of the Holy Ghost Col- lege where excellent work was done, has aroused a desire that a similar institution should be started. This has now been arranged for, and the premises lately utilised as the College will be re-opened on the 24th January prox., under the charge of the Chris- tian Brothers, who have undertaken the work at the earnest desire of Dr Moore, Bishop of Ballarat. The esablishment will be known as St. Patrick’s College, and will no doubt be largely availed of by parents who wish their children tn have the benefit of a sound education. The past successes of the gentle- men who will be in charge are a sufficient guarantee that the instruction imparted will be of a very high order, and give promise of educational advantages of exceptional value. Full particulars and prospectus may be had on application to the principal, St. Patrick’s College. A correspondent sends us an interesting report of Mrs H. Leo’s visit to Steiglilz, and her address on Temperance under the aus- pices of the 1.0. of Good Templars. The meeting was held in the Wesleyan Church, was largely attended, and resulted in 20 to 30 pledges being taken. A tea meeting on behalf of the church, held on the Tuesday evening following, was also well patronised, when Mrs Lee was again the principal speaker, urging with all her well known eloquence the evils of intemperance and the duty of abstaining. Several other speakers addressed the meeting, and the choir ren- dered efficient aid to the proceedings; £15 and collected towards repairing the church. On Saturday next, the 17th instant, the second annual celebration of the extension movement otherwise known as “ Extension Day," will take place at the University, Melbourne. The following is a short pro- gramme of the day's engagements:— Morn- ing; 10.30 — Inspection of chemical school, J. B. Kirkland, F. C. S. 11 15 — "Comets" (with lantern slides), E. F. J. Love, M. A., physical school. 12 — "Methods and speci- mens," Rev. W. Fielder, M.A., biological school. 12.45 — "Experiments on strength of minerals,” J. T. Noble Anderson, C. E., engineering school. Afternoon, 2.30 — The Iibrary, Professor Morrie. 3— Lecture, "Where is Mental Philosophy ? ” Professor Laurie, biological school. 4 — Lecture, " Poet or Versifier ? ” Professor Tucker, biological school. 5. —ln the library, Pro- fessor Morris. Evening, 8—Musical con- versezione, Wilson Hall. Light refresh- ments 8.30-10 p.m. A conference of the extension board, with delegates and local secretaries from Melbourne and country centres, will be held in the University on Friday evening. Members of this centre who desire to attend the annual celebration on Saturday next, can obtain their tickets from the local secretary, Mr E. P. Date, 50 Webster street. Early application should be made. We see by the Bendigo Advertiser that Mr J. Magrath, of this city, has been awarded first prizes for singing the baritone solos, viz., "Pro Peccatis” and “The raft.” He was also placed first for the recitation, "Othello’s address to the Senate.” Mr Magrath is studying with Mr W. H. West, M. C. O. Messrs Foster (chairman), Patterson, and Dwyer, P.M's., sat as a licensing court at Beaufort yesterday (writes our corre- spondent). Transfer of publicans’ licenses were granted from Jer. Smith to Thos. Welsh, for Golden Age hotel, Beaufort; and from Thos. Welsh to Chas. Vowles, for Camp hotel, Beaufort; also from Wether- spoon Bros, and Cos. to J. R. Wotherspoon and Co., of a grocer’s license at Beaufort. The following renewals of publicans’ licensee were granted: — Beaufort district — Wm. Brieriey, Catherine Kelly, Eurambeen; Jas. Frusher, W. Hinchcliffe, Mary Hutton, T. D. Martin, Emilia Vowles, R. Wandler, and P. J. Blackmore, Waterloo; Wm. Loft, D. Maher, T. Vanderstoel, G. McCracken, W. Schlicht, Wilhelmina Scharp, Mary Ann Thompson, Beaufort; Chas. Loft, Chute; Helen Prince, Raglan; J. Mitchell, Nerring; W. Dickman, Main Lead. Fresh licenses were issued to T. Welsh and C Vowles, Beaufort; and temporary licenses for Boxing Day sports to D. Maher and T. Vanderstoel. Grocers licenses, D. Troy and J. R. Wether- spoon and Co. Burrumbeet district—A. H. Dewar, J. Fitzpatrick, Waubra; M. Barnes, Trawalls; R. Kettle, Lexton. A most interesting trial took place on Friday at Green Hills, Mount Buninyong, with the Howard reaper and binder, on the farm of Messrs Gilmour and Colquhoun, under rather trying circumstances, on ac- count of the variable crop and land to travel over. The machine started with two horses, and continued to work so during the afternoon. All the principal farmers from the surrounding districts were present to witness the trial. After the trial each one of them passed a good word for the machine and the agents who are running this machine in the Ballarat district, and promised their patronage for future orders. The English machines are undoubtedly doing well in this district this season. The Howard binder, whether at work at Mount Buninyong or the Goulburn Valley, answers all expections.(sic) Just recently the Howard took the gold medal at the great hillside competition, Oamaru, New Zealand, defeating all the American and its English rival machines. Farmers ares invited to visit Messrs A. M. Greenfield and Co.’s store to-day or any time next week to in- spect one of the latest, and a most faithfully built machine. The agents inform us that only a few are now left for sale for this season, so that those who require a machine should lose no time. A special meeting was held on Thursday evening, in the Scotsburn Hall, by the bachelor members of the M.I. A. picnic, for the purpose of arranging the time it should be held and the place. It was decided, after an animated discussion, to hold it in Scott’s paddock on Thursday, 26th of January, 1893\. The following were the gentlemen present—Messrs A. H. Coates (in the chair), A. Elwes, hon. secretary; committee—H. Biddle, R. Nosck, E. V. Coates, R. Kerr, and J. Eaton. All members are requested to attend on the 20th instant, especially the bachelors. The South Egerton Brass Band will play the following programme of music near Egerton Post office on Friday evening, and again at south end of township on Saturday evening, 18th inst. :—Contest march, “Bathurst” (T. E. Bolch); schottische, "Adelina” (Godfrey Parker); quadrille, " Phonograph” (T. E. Bulch); polka, “Jol- lity" (Godfrey Parker); march, “Grasp of an English hand” (Godfrey Parker); valse, “My Polly" (Henri Laske); galop, ’‘Good shot" (Godfrey Parker). 