Story Column. NOW FIRST.. PUBLISHED. 1 TALES BY POPULAR AUTHORS. All Queensland Rights Reskhved. No. 9. Godfather Green. By Mrs. Parr, Author of "Dorothy Fox," Adam and Evo," &o.; COMPLETE IN THREE INSTALMENTS. ' Tes, Sam, I admit the truth of all you say ; she is very sweet looking, very fascinating, but still not quite tlio wife I should cliooso for you.' A mother was speaking, talking to an only son — tho subject under diacuBBion was matrimony. ' But you, dear soul, did you over seo anyone yet, whom you would have chosen -—in your eyes I am a paragon. I stand alone, among my speoios it would he im possible to find a match for mo.' Mrs. Brodio laughed softly, sho was perfectly aware of the infatuation she had for her son. ' No, no,' sho said, 1 you aro wrong there, besides you may have a pair without their being exactly a match, or even quite equal. I should have no difficulty if you let yourself bo a little guided by mo m finding a ' but here her son stopped hor. ' I know what you are going to say,' he eried, ' but it's of no use, mother, as I havo told von twenty times before, Bessy Adams and 1 will never he more than brother and sister.' ( That t.wcaty times has been all in one week, Sam.' 'Simply because wo have talked the matter over. But, mother, now ho sensible, do. Let us suppose that I felt an inclination towards Bessie. What would become of my chance with God father Green, I ask you ?' Mrs. Brodie heaved tho ghost of a sigh. ' Well, there, I must confess that you have a handle against me. Bessio is painfully straightforward, but oh, Sam, she is so good and amiable; that you cannot deny.' ' Deny ! I think she's an angel, and for that reason, if for no other, most un fitted for mo. What I want is tact, ' dolicaoy — somebody who could wheedle a bun from out a bear's paw if necessary.' 'And you think that these qualities are to be found in Miss Denman, do you ?' ri Sam saw that his mother was soften ing, and prepared himself to improve the occasion. For tho first time in his life, so he now believed, he had fallen in love — madly, desperately — and with the most bewitch ing little bundle of charms ever produoed by Dame Nature. y They had met at a dance, and, oh, salve to Sam's vanity, tho introduction had been desired by the lady. It is need less after this to say thatmatters progressed very rapidly. Miss Denman's sister Sam to her house. Sam's one thought was to bring his newly found treasure under the eyes of hiB mother. A meeting had been effected, and the young lady having departed, Mrs. Brodie was delivering hor opinions of her son's prodigy. As has been shown, thoy were . not of unmixed enthusiasm, but what mother does give a whole-hearted appro bation of tho one who is likely to sup plant her. Mrs. Brodio' was but mortal, and perhaps for this very reason her ear -was tickled by those words, tact, aeiioacy, and Godfather Green. It is Baid that every family has its household spectre; the spectre of the Iirodie's was Sam's godfather. This in firm and apparently inoffensive old gentleman interfered with their pleasures, and mixed himself up with all their plans. Everything they proposed, rejected, or carried out, began and ended with one and the same sentence, 'hut what will Godfather Greon say ? ' Ho was flaunted before their friends, who, in spito of their irritability found, themselves impressed with a certain respect for a man who, by the prospoot of his death, could during life keep his possible survivors in such awe. That Mr. Green was rich it seems superfluous to say, and that Sam was ap pointed his heir was understood by every body. Mr. Green's deceased wife had been the Into Mr. Brodie's first cousin. ( With no children of his own Mr. Green had elected to be Sam's godfather, and although well aware that Jabez was his father's and a family name, hail made it a point thot the hoy should be called after him. Sumuel Green Brodie was in scribed on the small slips of pasteboard, whioh in accordanoe with the demands of genteel society, Sam left at tho doors of his friends. A whole stack of these lay scattered over tho cord plato of Mrs. Webster, Miss Denman's sister, every one of tliem loft during the first ten days of an intimosy whioh hod ripened so rapidly that Sam no longer stood on this ceremony. The peculiar tat tat tat of his knock had beoomo familiar, and the maid servant who opened the door would smilingly tell him that Miss Ceoiliowas upstairs, or should the lady ohanoe to he out, that she was certain not to be long. ' Won't you come in and wait, sir ? ' Feeling that thiB introduction to his mother wduld set a sort of stamp on tho matter, Sam thought the time had oomo whon without any seeming design it would he expedient to say a little regard ing his position and his prospeots ; there fore on their way to Mrs. Brodie, as he and the fair Cecilia walked along, he managed in a yery adroit way to lead up tothesabjeot. . 'I'm in the customs you know,' he ; . 'Oh! are.you,' said Miss Denman in- terestedly, asif thefaet wasperfeotlynew ' to her. 'Ours is the excise branoh of : the do- > that lie was in the pay of the .public ex- ' ,\y .- 'It is not . much of a salary now you know,'.- hut in tho ehd it won't. be had; it illl81SiiiSI8« 1 Fancy!1 ' Only the worst of it is you've got to wait.' 'Havo you? oh !' there was a little falling off in Mist Denman's enthusiasm. Not perhaps to be oounted as a fault of character, but she considered that she had done her shore of/waitmg already. 1 Arid what makes it hard with me,' continued Sam, 'is that I expoot all my good things will oome together.' _ 'What, have you other things in store? how luoky! Do toll mo.' And she edged herself a little nearer, and looked up into Sam's faoo with eyes that ought to havo been green but were brown, and just then in expression very innocent and confiding. Sam gave himself time to admire her, and was seized with tho desire to offer his arm, but mattors being hardly yet sottled enough for that, ho had to content himeelf by walking at hor side while he resumed his confidences. ' Well, I don't know whether you've heard, but I've a godfather.' ' A godfather !' was echoed in reply. 'Yes; he's Mr. Green.' And Sam made a feint of opening his necktie as if it waB due to his godfather that the ac knowledgment of this fact Bhould malco him puff out visibly. ' Ho'b an awfullv rioh old chap. I'm called after him. I suppose, because when he dies he means to leave me all his tin. Not that I wish, that. I hope he'll live as long as ho can ; but they say the wonder ib with his com plaints and his dostors that lie's alive now !' ' Fanoy ! And you're so fond of him ; and I'm sure he's fond of you. Ho must be.' What an artloss darling it was. No wonder Sam thought that he worshipped her. 'I wish,' he said, and he tried to toll her with his eyes the reason whioh mado this wish come, ' that he would show his love by giving me something substantial now — two or throe hundred a year Bay. Why, it would be nothing to him. Ho wouldn't feel it out of his income.' 'Is it so big then ?' ' My mother says she's sure he doesn't know what he's worth — well, to show you, years ago, before his wife died, ho ownod to their having three thousand a a year.' ' And he lives all alone — nobody with him, no wife, no children? What a pity.' ' There are servants you know, and a Miss Spink ; my mother recommondedjher. She reads aloud to the old buffer, and writes letters for him. Poor Spinky ? I've promised her an- annuity hocause sho keeps on there. It wouldn't pay, you know,' and Sam winked knowingly 'to let anybody strange in. I don't know what we should do if .Spinky broke down. She has been out of sorts lately, says sho wants a holiday.' The complaints of the unhappy Spink seemed to have no interest for Miss Den man. A more mercenary girl might have followed up by questions the information given of Mr. Green, hut as her sister often said Cissy was- just a child and nothing more, therefore it was only in keeping with thiB simplicity that she' should exolaim after a few minutes'.meditation — ' Oh, Mr. Brodio ! Will your mother like me, that is what I keep thinking, I do hope so. I know how . I shall love her.' Naturally, after the introduction was over, this buttery little sentence was repeated, and gradually by dogrees Mrs. Brodie folt that her soruples one by one were withdrawn, and finally Sam had the happiness of heoring her say that if ho felt Bure that ho had found a girl who would make him happy she would not say nay, provided only that there was no opposition from Godfather Green. to be continued To-sionnow. 