Alf AWFUL HOUSE. Tlic Bogie man does not obtain in La .Sall County, says on American exchange. Whe the good housewives in that section wish t (righten youthful rebels into submission the, threaten to bring down the vengeance c Julius, thc ghost horse, and many a chuhb face has grown ashen at the bare mention a thc name. Every man, woman, and child in the count, knows Julius, and tho stories of lus wrong doing have grown during four years of cup tivity at Grand Ridge uutil he hits been givci thc credit of killing five men. His cvi doings have been exaggerated, as no one owe his death to bim, but that was not thc faul of Julius, for he has shown a startling wil liugncss to destroy life. Julias is a Norman horse and was importée as a colt by J. G. Morrison of Pontiac, III. at a cost of 8500. He arrived st his nen home a brute, anxious to destroy any pcrsoi or thing that came within reach of him Morrison soon tired of bim mid sold him to i dealer in a neighboring town. His nc« owner was within reach of him a few dayl later aud the brute nipped off his right thuin! and swallowed it with evident relish. This lost him his new job und F. It Pouudstoiicoj Grand Ridge bought bim for a song. The new owner made the most elaborate preparations to receive his prize. In his barn nc fitted up an enormous bor stall, with rein, forced sides und a massive door made of ten inch oak boards. A door which could bf swung by means of a rope from the outside ol thc stall opened into a yard thirty feet square, around which a ten-foot massive fence had been built. Into this place thc brute was turned, and there he remained for four years. He was not groomed in all that time, and no one dared venturo within his domain. The ten-foot fence in his yard hardly restrained Julius. When in a fit of unger he would rush at it, throw his front feet to the top of thc fence, and look savagely out at pedestrians. Li order to pre- vent this kind of demonstration Mr. Pound stone ono day started to nail some barbed- wire on the top of thc fence. Ho was well on thc outside, aud thinking himself safe took his eyes for a moment off his prize. Thc btutc, with almost human intelligence, saw his chance, and making a rush went thunder- ing against thc fence with his forefeet against tho top. His owner drew back, but too late. The enraged beast reached over and catching him by thc shoulder shook him like u rat and tried to drag him over into the enclosure, where he would have speedily put an end to him. Mr. Poundstone caught the top bar of thc fence, and with strength born of desparatiou hold on. The bruto, fiowevor, was too strong for him and was gradually drawing him over when thc coat gave way and the stallion fell buck into his yard with considerable of the flesh from his owner's right shoulder between his teeth. Not tong after- wards he reached out and caught Mr. Pound stone by tbo back of bb coat-collar, bot was beaten off by attendants who were fortunately at hand. A neighbour who was passing close to the yard had one of bli trouser legs torn off by the brute, and a pi? that one day crawled under the fence was bitten and stamped into a thousand pieces. Several attempts have been .made to tame Julius. Horse Trainer M'Ginn made an effort at Grand Ridge last summer. With a big force of men he succeeded in choking tho brute, and then chloroforming him uutil he was dosed by the effects of the drug. Ho was driven around in that condition, «nd was pronounced conquered. Thc next dey lie seemed possessed. He dashed against his fence until it looked as if ho would break out. If he had, the doors of La Salle'County would have been Itarricaded along the line, for if tho news is ever sent broadcast that Julius is loose a reign of terror will bc inaugurated in the county. Mr. Poundstone has finally tired of hi» burden and sold him a few works since to Peru people for Ç100. Julius was a dapple grey, but with increas- ing agc his coat has become as white as thc driven snow. Hence his name ol thc "Ghost" horse. He weighs 1800 pounds and should be heavier, but hts temper has always kept him thin. His villainy is always performed with his mouth and forefeet. He rarely kicks. He is an adept at that game, but is so much more skilful with his forefeet tint he hus never found it necessary to try the others. 