A COMET WHAT IS IT) TO THE EDITOR OF THE HERALD. SIR-The above is a problem which a great many people would like to see solved just now, and your seems passing strange that, with all our boasted Prince and knowledge of centuries, no one can even put forward a reasonable theory not alone solve the riddle which speaks very little for our actual knowledge after all. Yet I think that if, instead of jumping too high at first, we were to thoroughly study and know our own world, its laws and nature, then we would be more able to define and understand other we worlds but alas for human nature ' always obstinate and perverse, it will seek ways of its own, and so in way s gets left to its own confusion For when we come to put our at best small understanding against that mighty and illimitable expanse known us space, then, and then only do we feel our own littleness and actually know nothing Yet there are some who will persist in advertising their want of knowledge I do not mean to say by this that there are not great and genuine men in science, yet most of us must admit that the self of the doctrine propounded is mere humbug, and put forth for no other reason than to attain notoriety. It seems a great pity, for them is much to be, and can be learnt in this the grandest of all sciences But of all the things likely to hold it up for public ridicule it is category and self contradiction, of which the present comet has brought about a very fair share. For instance, one say a it is gaseous vapour, another that it is an assemblage of meteorites, and yet not admit that it is tray off at a terrific pace through the ho ivens towards the earth, and probably has been going at the same pace for at least ten thousand years Sow, I would ask where does the sense of such an assertion come in " who ever heard tell of a body of vapour travelling at the rate of say, one or two millions of miles a day for again, if it be v Spour, how do they account for the vast quantities of metallic meteors which they assert fall therefrom, and which certainly fall from sorrows ore i Let them answer these, their own assertions, then the public will not more faith in them. For my own opinion, I believe a comet to be something different altogether, viz , not a gaseous vapour, not a conglomeration of meteorites, but a played out world or ghost of what was once a live planet like our own, and like everything else in Nature was once very small, hut developed, reached maturity, and then began to die. In other words, a comet is what remains of what was once a regulated world revolving on its axis round the sun, out came to destruction not from the outside but the inside. Tor slowly but surely the internal fires which are the life of all plants wax fiercer to destroy for after ages of expansion by fire, the surface of the world crisis halt, as it can expect no further. What is to be done thou P The surface has ceased to expand, the fires grow fiercer and fiercer. A vent must be had or the world Will hurst, and a vent is found at last by the bursting out of huge volcanoes over the surface of the globe, out of which the pent-up fires gradually exhaust themselves, setting fire to the surface in their exit. Now what have no ? A world with its life's blood oozing out all over it it is now losing the force which stimulated and electrified its body, its spirit hath flown, und j only the dead warm body remains What is the result ? It has ceased to live, it has lost all attraction and repulsion, it falls from its regulated course into boundless space, from thence to be slowly but surely attracted to its ultimate goal and doors the sun, there to be swallowed up as food for that mighty dynamo of the universe. And such is the beginning and end of comets. I am, c, _ ONE OF THE CREDULOUS, 