THE HYSFERY CF MtfLUWAlLA. (By 41 H.M.') In the vast colony of Qacens7and there arc many richly grassed and prosperous sheep stations, where, before the navs of shearers1 unionG-and labor federations and strikes, the squatter kings used to rear their sheep, get the wool off them with cooperatively little trouble, and reap the reward of their enter prise every year in the shape of a good round cheque from London. Occasionally, how ever, the fly in the ointment would appear in the form of a terrible drought, burning up every particle of vegetation, bringing the squatter to the verge of bankruptcy, and leaving the formerly well-stocked stations almost destitute of every form of living creatures other than human. Sheep, cattle, horscB, kangaroos, diugoes, ami all other animals-— useful and useless alike— came to the one end. and died the lingering, horrible death of starvation. On one of these stations, distinguished alike for its wonderful fertility in good seasons and iu terrible experiences of droughts, which we will call Mullawalla, lived an elderly man, who was somewhat of a character. He was a tall, thin Scotchman, not very eociablc as a rule, and employed as tutor to the youthful members of the Mulla walla household. His hut was some distance from the homestead, and, in virtue of his i position, he had it to himself. With the j annual drafts of shearers and the occasional 41 sundowners' who came that way be had no intercourse whatever, and bis communi . cations with the regular hands were, as a | rule, very short and uninteresting. By some, indeed, he was regarded in the light of an uncanny fellow. If an aversion to the companionship of his fellows, a habitof talk ing to himself, and an intense love of nature in all its aspects, leading him to indulge in long, solitary rambles in the wild bush, were tokens of 44 uncanninesa,' then un doubtedly he came within the category. To those, however, who knew him, and were permitted to enter into his confidence, he appeared to be be a well-read, intelligent, and interesting companion, full of talcs and sketches of colonial life, with which he could have filled as many books as Eolf Boldrewood himself. He had some peculiar fancies, and one of them was often the means of causing bis visitors, if they happened to be of a nervous disposition, to feel somewhat queer when in his cottage. The place was generally closed all day, and when at even ing ne wouia invite nis inenas to enter, as they peered through the gloom they would catch glimpses of wierd figures and glaring eyes looking down upon them from different parts of the room, and giving them the im pression that they were in some Mumbo Jumbo temple in the South Seas, or Central Africa, where the numerous deities were peering upon their devotees, and noting how they behaved. When, however, the kindly tallow dip enlivened the gloom the explana tion of the figures and dips was a satisfactory, though a somewhat peculiar, one. It was one of the fancies of the pedagogue when, in his walks abroad, he happened to come across a knob or limb of a tree which bore any rescmblance to a human head, to cut it down and carry it home, where a few strokes of paint soon made the resemblance more striking and added eyes and other features to the face, and in this 6tatc the stick found its plaee as an ornament of the room, to bewilder, if not terrify, the beholder. One of the the Scotchman's teles was the following extraordinary one, which we have called the ' Mystery. of Mulkwalla,' though actually the events did not happen here, but i at another station where he had lived some years before. The talk bad fallen on ghosts (perliaps the sticks and images had sug gested the topic), and the mysteries of sccond sight, so-called, and as the Scotchman was a firm believer in this phenomenon he told his tale to give stability to his position. In his younger days, so the story began, he had been on another station in the oolony where there were about half a dozen hands regu larly engaged, who lived some miles from the head station. Like many of their class, these men were inclined to be somewhat jolly, and did not refuse linnnr wti^n it. u bad. As accidents will happen, it came to pase on a certain occasion that one of their number fall from his horse, or his horse fell with, him, and broke his n«ck. His com panions carried his body to the hut and sent for the squatter and the nearest doctor, though the latter could be of no possible use, except to certify to tho cause of death! While awaiting tbe arrival of these gentle men the hands got some grog, and, as even ing drew on, began to 'wake' tbe dead man, who lay covered by a eWt in the main room of the hut. Two of the men, possibly having imbibed enough rum to feel reckless, agreed to play a practical joke on their fellows, and give them a thorough scare. They therefore managed to get them all out of the room for a time, carried the corpse to an outhouse, and then one of the con spirators took the dead man's place beneath the sheet, it having been agreed that when his confederate coughed during a discussion he should sit up, all alive and kicking. The other men gradually drifted back to the room, the grog went round once more, and the conversation became animated. When at seemed that a goo j opening existed for the denovemnt tbe active oo&spintor; gave bis sign, but the -figure on |the ^r$fojg.o response, \iso after W' Vhitt a^fecbn il cough; was ventured on.: This, too, wiasof no effect nor'wasa third, whereupon the man, some what s&t;&ed.; stepped to the bed and turned down the sheet. His .horror on finding that £ he iaoe boreibe ghsaUy-Jiue .nf^deatii jnay . be better'liujigtn«i 'tban'deflcribe3.7 A^w ? words 8uffioed Ho ^explain the bbsidpn^o jthe others, who were wntchibg nim somewhaV | curiously, and t^whbtn^ the '^absence ^oE the pretended -corpse liad -been- easily ex plained. - T - * I ? As they had now a second dead man to I deal with; it was decided to carry this body to JJjc outhouse where two or three hours before he had helped to carry tbe man with I the broken neck. But when they got the I body to this place tbe plot thickened 'con-' I siderabl r, ana their horror became greater.' I The first body was not there 1 Questions I were all in vain ; no one had touched the I corpse : indeed, none but the two concerned I in 1 be joke bad any Joiowlcdge of the fact that, the body bad been shifted. In vain, too, was searching. Look bigli or low, near ! or far, not a trace of the lost body could be found. The doctor meanwhile is slowly riding : from the station to the but. He has no !. occasion to hurry, for the messenger has said that the man is dead. The squatter has gone on before him, and he travels comfort ably on his way. He has a plain track before him, a bright, starry sky overhead, and nothing to cause anxiety or uneasiness in any direction. By and bye he becomes con scious that a person is on tbe track ahead of him. This is strange at that hour of the night, but he reflects that some friend of .the dead man may be hastening to the place where he lice. On nearer approach, how ever. it is seen to be a female; and when the doctor reaches her he sees a pale, unearthly like countenance, evidently one full of trouble, and with tears in her eyes. In answer to a query as to her destination she names a creek some miles away. This seems stranger than ever, hut the doctor publics on his own way. Arrived at the but he' finds the whole place in confusion, and soon learns the reason. It is evident that j the man who lies dead before blra has died J of heart di&case;, probably his death ac celerated by excitement ; but what of the man with the broken neck ? To this ques tion no answer can be given ; and when the remaining hours of night have passed, as all searching seems vain, it is decided to start off again. It is thought advisable, however,1 to call at another hut in adifferentdirection, where the sweetheart of the man killed lives with her parents, and make them acquainted 1 with the sad sews. When the door is opened a weeping face appears, and to the intense surprise of the doctor it is the face of the woman he passed on his night journey. She docs not seem to recognise him, however, and when he speaks of his rfafontve of the previous night she has no interest in it. In answer to the direct question, she says that she was not out at all during the night, and her parents corroborate 1 this statement, which sceius reasonable to the doctor, also, judging from the distance aud time since he saw the figure. She states , further that she bas passed a miserable, night, having a presentiment of some evil happening to her lover. When the terrible nature of the news is TCvealed to her, . she simply bows her head as ono not sur prised. When the almost worse story is' told of the missing body, after struggling with Iter emotions for some time she assures' them that the body will be found by the : creek of which the doctor had heard the I nicut oeiore. Here, in tact, lour or five miles away from the outhouse where it bad been laid, the searchers in due course find the corpse. There is no sign of how it came there ; no step or mark on the soil, no bruise or injury on the flesh ; only the cold, etark body, with the vertebrae of the neck dis located, as ascertained directly after the accident. miles of rough scrub ; how the sweetheart gained her impressions of the events that had happened ; bow her apparition became visible to the doctor ; these are the 'points which form tile great mystery. Possibly no solution can be given. Having told his tele, the tutor offered no explanations or suggestions, but filled his pipe and la|wed into a profound reverie. Having repeated the story in the same plain, unvarnished way, we, too, leave it. 