ROBERT LOUIS STEVEN SON; EARLY HOMES AND HAUNTS. The Days of His Childhood Historic Scenes. The Stovarmon Family— A Literary Education— Playing Truant— A Tender Nurse— A Literary Critic. As you turn south-westwards towards the Morningsido district of Edinburgh you aro surrounded with trim villas and havo Merchiston Castle to the right, ono of the few remaining "strengths" of tho suburbs, and now a high-class school. It curna into the Napier family iu 14S3, and hero livod John Napier, inventor of logarithms, who was credited with magical powers for the discovery of treasuro, and who hunted for gold on the Pcntland Hills, that splendid range which bounds our vision to the right ore wc descend. Here, at the top of the brae, fastened in the wall, is the bore stone, or stono in which was inserted tho flagstaff of the Royal standard when King James IV. mastered his army on tho Borough-muir in 1513, previous to Flodden. Suppose we dip down tho steep, narrow road, wo approach a farm belonging to Colonel Trotter, of Morion Hall, on tho lower slope of Caerlterton, originally it was a grange, belonging to Whitckirk Abbey. Here is a hamlot of somo lib cottages in tho woody fold of a green hill ; Swauston Cot tage, surrounded with a belt of trees, imme diately to the right, takes our attention. It is a plain, old-fashioned house, square, with central bow windows to tho south, and a i ambling, delightful garden. This cottage was tho residence for about 14 years of the stevenson family, and young Robert Louis issuod thence to ramble over tho Pentlands at his own sweet will. No small part of his edu cation as an author eccms to have been gained here. In a college magazine sketch he described a quaint Swauston gardener, Robert Young, and afterwards John Todd, a shepherd, both of which Bketclu-s Hud a place in "Momorios and Portraits." Iu front of Swanston Cottuge aro two water- filters, which Belong to tho Edin burgh Water Trust. Iu fact, the house and gnrden belong to this corpora tion. Long ago the cottage was a junketing place for tho Edinburgh magistrates, who cast off civic dignity, and had a jolly good time of it beneaih the shadow of tho Pent- lands. " Straight above, the hills climb a thousand feet in the air. The neighborhood at tho time of lambs is clamorous with tho bleat of flocks ; and yon will bo wakened in tho grey of early morning by the barking of a dog and the voice of a shepherd shouting to tho echoes Tho air comes briskly and sweetly off tho hills, pure from tho elevation and rustically scented." Then wo have this about tho garden of Swanston Cottngo : " In a hot July you can fancy mulling more perfect than the garden, luhl out in alloys and arbors and bright, old-fashioned flower pots." Thero is u famous desotiption of Edinburgh, and the whole panorama as seen from tho hill-top also ; even yet, in imagina tion, our author comes back to this spot. From tho Isle of Apcmama he wroto : — The tropics vanish ; and meseems that I From Halkeraidn, from topmost Allermuir Or steep Caerkotton, dreaming gaze again. Far set in fields and woods, tho town I seo Spring gallant from tho shadow of her Bmoko, Oragged, spired and turretted, her virgin fort boflagged. As wo looked up from the charming garden to tho green knowes in front of the cottago wo could hardly wonder at tho author of "Treasure Island" and "Dr. Jekyll" pre ferring tho green slopes of the Pentlands to the University claBs-room (says a writer in the Pall Mall Budget). By his own con fession there was a good deal of tho gipsy about him— of tho " commoner of air." ne rLAYF.D truant from his classes as often as ever ho could. He had a certificate from Professor Kclland, but seems to have had u little trouble with Professor Blackio, who did not remember his face, and in the engineering class with Professor Fleming Jenltin, whom he learned to know and lovo sufficiently to write his Memoirs. Jenkins once said to him, "It is quito useless for you to come, Mr. Stevon- son. Thero may bo doubtful cases ; thoro is no doubt about yours. You havo simply not attended my class." We have the philo sophy of it all, however, in his "Apology for Idlers " in " Virginibus PueriBque." Ho is not one of those who went to school and college with an eye on the medal, and who dwarfed tho soul with a life of all work and no play. " Books aro good enough in their own way, but they are a mighty bloodless substitute for life. . . . Most .boys pay so dear for their medals that they never afterwards have a shot in their locker, and begin tho world bank rupt." But his training and education wero going on all tho same. Ho tolls ub that, while all through his boyhood and youth he was pointed to as a pattern of an idler, ho was busy on his own private end of learning to write. And it was not for nothing, eithar, that ho oarried two books in his pocket, one to read and ono to writo in. His pencil and penny version book played an important part in his education, as he noted down features of tho land scape, and moulded passing thoughts into \- beautiful forms. Nobody had ever such Sains to learn tho literary trade as he had, e verily believes, as he " slogged " at it (jay in and day out. We wonder if he feels re warded by Mr. Hamcrton and others styling him " ono of the moat perfect living writers." In conversation with his old nurte lately (a pensioner of the Stevenson family, after 30 years of servico) we loarned that sho did nor approvo of tho stylo of his earliest book. "Well, well, I know what you aro drivini at." said the author. " If it had only been expressed differently," said the nurse. Nothing is more creditable to the head and heart of Robert Louis Stovenson than tho beautiful dedication in front of a "Child's Garden of Vorses" to this old nurse. To Alison Cunningham, From Her Boy. For tho long nights you lay awake And watohed for my unworthy sake i For your most comfortable hand That led mo through the uneven land For all tho story-books you road : For all tho pains you comforted : For all you pitied, nil you bore, In sad nnd happy days of yoro — My second Mother, my first Wifo, The angel of my infant life — From tho siclt child, now well and old, Take, nurse, tho littlo book you hold 1 And grant it, Heaven, that all who read May find as dear a nurse at need, Ana evory child who lists iny rhyme, In tho bright fireside, nursery clime, May hoar it in as kind a voico _ As made by childish days rejoice. This sentiment, " My First Wifo," is ono of tho "Devout Imaginations" of early child hood. When livo years of age, and waiting with nurse on tho platform at tho Waverley Station for an uncle, in childish language ho related that ho was mariied some months ago, and this was his wife, bowing politely to nurBo and introducing her. " Had ho no fathoror mother?" said one on reading the above poem. How bar faoo brightened, and her keen Intelligent eyes twinkled ae we epske of " her boy " ! In old days she waB known as " Cumy." Sho is now very deaf, but woll preserved, a nervous, sensitive woman ; she was recovering from influenza whon wo eaw her. Her information was given in drib lets, therefore, but was valuable and charac teristic. Round the little two-windowed room Bho occupied, with a bed on ono side, were many pictures. Mobi cherished of all were those of tho Stevenson family. the fortrait of iiis mother showed a fair, handsome woman in her prime. "She far outstripped any woman that ever stopped," Baid her brother, Mr. Cunningham — "so frank and kindly. They're a'nicc, time lialfours. " Hero a Btory of Dr. Balfour's proposed kind ness during the influenza time. Also tho information that Mra. Stevenson, mother ot our subject, will return on a visit to this country ftom Samoa in December. Tho photogruph of Stevenson at 22 months and in boyhood is extremely interesting. Nurse had niado his firet dress, with its " dueky buttons." Tho photographs of Stevenson in his primo aro sufficiently familiar from engravings. But wo had nover Been the photograph of tho pleasant, round- featured wife, Mrs. O-bourne, the widow (with tho grown-up Bon and daughter) whom ho married when in California, and who with his mother con stitute the family group at Vailima, Upolu, Samoa. Hero, also, is a photograph of Mentone inscribed to "Cumy." A top shelf in a small dwarf book-caso contains Bcvoral presentation volumes to "Cjniy,"in tho handwriting of " her boy." For instance, hero is " An Inland Voyage," with this protty dedication, which has nover been previously printed :— My dear Cumy,— If you had not taken so much trouble with ine all the yoars of my childhood this littlo book would never havo been written. Many a long night you sat up with me when I was ill ; I wish I could hope, by way of return, to amuso a ainglo evening for you with my littlo book. But, whatever you muy think of it, I know you will continue to think kindly of — Tiie Author. Was this the volume that Alison Cunning ham wished had been written differently ? Tho delicate health of young Stovenson agreed with Swanston, and was a good change from 17, Hcriot-row ; cold seemed to suit him. So, perhaps, Dr. Trudeau,who sent him to the dry and windless atmos phere of the Suranac region, in tho heart of tho Adiroudaeks, a fow years ago, was right after all. It was said that Mrs. Slcvonson shed toars whon eho had to lcavo Swanston at last. Wo do not wonder. Tea was fre quently served in the gardun in an alcove ; was it bohind there in this green mound that tho Edinburgh magistrates had their stono wine bin? The dclicato, imaginative child would preach to his toys, Both grandfather Balfour and himself loved to mako sermoiiB, lie says, but were not so fond of hearing them. Somo boys, Mr. Welldon, of Harrow School, tells us, aro very pious in childhood. Nurso saye " hor boy " wns very good when a child. Sho caught him once on his knees, praying earnostly, tho toars running out at his eyes. He was praying for tho Holy Ghost, and these tears wero ehed "because Ho would not come." Nurso, be sides reading to him, taught liiin littlo recitations, which wero duly " lot off" in tho drawing-room. His favorito hymn was ono sho tailght him, by tho Rev. Robert Muriay M'Choyno, of Dundee, of which this is the first verse — it waB composed by tho author on hearing that a certain lady had determined to keep by tho world : — She has choson the world, And its paltry crowd ; She has chosen tho world, And an ondlcBS shroud I Sho has choson tho world With its misnamed pleasures ; She has choson tho world, Before heaven's own treasures. Nurse handed me " Underwoods," which is insoribad . " Alison Cunningham, from her laddiu. R.L.S." Bat she did not care much for "Underwoods." Her copy of "Kidnapped" is inscribed "To Cumy, from her boy, the author. Skorryvore, July 18, 1888." David Balfour, tho hero, by-tlie- way, bears tho family name, ou his mother's side. "Tho loarned Mr. Balfour of l'ilrig" is also referred to in " Kidnapped." Pilrig, in tho Lcith Walk district, was tho district whore Dr. Balfour, of Colinton, his grand- lUGUcr, ivuit uiuukiiv up But it iB the beautiful village of Colinton, threo miles west of Ediuburgh. that ib dis tinctly identified with the Balfours, and may be called almost ANOTHER CniLDISH nOUB of our subject! Colinton Munsc, the resi dence of Dr. Balfour, is sketched minutely nnd lovingly in "Memories and Portraits. " Lord Cookburn married and set up bis household gods at Bonaly Tower, on a slope of tho Pentlands near by, and only death oxpollcd him from his earthly paradiso, which he had carved out of tho hill, and from an old farm-steading. Thoro are corn- mills and paper-mills on _ tho Water of Leith, in tho neighborhood of Colin ton, which haB a railway station on a branch line of the Caladonian Railway. Tho Water of Leith is ono of tho rivers which make music in the memory of Robert Louis Stevenson. Ronnd Colinton Manso, tho rosidenco of his maternal grandfather, Dr. Balfour, there wero "flower-pots lying warm in sunshine; laarols and tho great yew making elsewhere a pleasing horror of shade tho smell of water rising from all round, with an added tang of paper-mills ; tho sound of water everywhere, and the sound of mills- tho wheel and tho dam sing ing their ultcrnato strain ; tho birds on evory bush and from every corner of tho overhanging woods pealing out their notes until the air throbbed with thom ; and in tho midst of this the manso," It is, Indeod, » lovely spot wh en Colinton Dell i cloths with lush-groon' verdure, but we cannot re pard it as very healthy, situated as it is in tho bottom of tho valioy, so - near tho stream. There is a - Water of Leith drainaga echemo in pro gress, which may improve the stream. Dr. Balfour, howover, rcarod a family of stalwart sous and daughters here — 'tho face of tho earth was peppered with ths children of the manse." he was a spartan; a man of simple nature—unemotional, con tented with tho old ways. Children ad mired him for his beautiful face and silver hair, and weokiy appearauca in tho pulpit. But his Btricness and distance not in. frequently oppressed thom with a kind of terror. When not abroad bo sat much in his study, at his sermons or correspondence to his children at tho- cuds of the earth. He sought health in hit youth in tho Isle of Wight, as Stevenson hat done since all over the world Ho lovod Shakespeare; made embroidery, designing his own patterns; loved purl, and nuts, ana porter ; and had chalk stones in his fingers. No, 17 Herioi-row, the hamlet at Swan stun and the village of Colinton aro all identified with the growing period of R. L, Stevenson. Rendem of " Memories and Portraits" know this very woll. But hs did not need to apologise for leaving the family calling, as ho has done in " Under' woods." He has mado a noble amends, with what powers and health ho hat had. He has grown in his own way, liko tho lilies, and liko every youth of genius ; and tho fruit we have already tasted has been wonderfully ripo and varied and refreshing Say not of mo that weakly I declined The labors of my sireB, and fled the sea, Tho towers wo founded and tho lamps wo lit, To play at home with paper like a cliild. But rather say : In tho ulternoon of time A strenuous family dusted from it3 hands Tho n.iuds of granite, and beholding far Alimg the sounding coasts its pyramids And tall memorials catch tho dying sun. Smiled woll content, and to "this childish tusk Around tho firo addressed its evening hours. 