[?] ODE DoDBUf-sHireHCBiitonk-Pur, readkB'Xattm'iBtBwfigte HteRinffite snldinient'arixinpimyintoSeSeridtor,' desmmtiva Aae,iGie poem1 TSnitohbudtifaieSatoB efiBHioles undnrtehrng is Bleie (nie, «8 tlie hdiet is to be l5ft.fiin. deep, and 60ft. in intem, H diameter. The tank for it is 52ft 7 |B ciiiunetor and 16ft deep. The new ho'fe will Bave b capacity of 30,000 cnhic feetZ foDyoneandahalf thesizeof the presentons which has done duty since 1878. The first contract let was for excavations, which weS to Mr. Bowe at £U7 10s, and a Titanic H he had of it, judging by the immense hean of rock and soil which lay alongside, u having been got np out of the " hole!" Tkf brick- work of the tank is being done i,. re Mr. W. 3. Renfry, one of onr best men J this kind of work, the price being £2ift lit t&e; cpmpany findtog toe bricks, cement and B water. The wdl consists of two lines h« H Glenthompson bricks, with Hamilk H bricks and cement grouting in the oentiT B Then, between it and Che land is placed B thick layer of pugged soil— the black ssh b -.l Tt" contract f£ ihe nolaer and columns has n fl| been let. There were seven tendm b the highest being £960. That of t? ' B A. Challengeworth, of Richmond, was' B cepted, at £549 15s. The work is b the- supervision of Mr. Bowman, who h« B engineered the erection of nearly all ft! B gasworks in the Western District n! B utates that the new holder is to be tiJa B by the end ofMercb It is necessary by toe steady increase in ft. B consumption of gas as the town B T3ie present cepAihties of the works E B turn out 35 million cubic feet of gas a r«. ' H but-when ihe second holder is in w0S I order they will be able to more than aonw! I sffitfaT,"t„cmpay B reauoe tne pace to consumers ; but the at cost of teght will aiways be a hea I item. Newcastle coal has to be used toat at lis per ton at the pitiTrnJ?? H stands them in 36s Gd to 38s by the th it gete to Hamilton. . 7 me tune GRICKKT.-The match between ft. I ind Coleraine anbs » Dlaved on ihe Hamilton ov.l j„_ , to start pnnctiially at BL30, so aa to iambi! the viators to return by the five iS train. The Coleraine team is as follow. I Gtoraop tcapthP. Ferrier, doalT D. Femer, Onyons, K. Silvester B r K a I fiahdsohb sdbSCEIPTIoks. — In i another -column will be found a subscriptions collected by Messrs. I and Allen, the .-contractors for drate! works at Condah Swamp, in lidTT 8 Hamilton Hospital The snbsSS, S 1 all bard-working labourers, nevertheless ft! I very resectable total of £10 5s hw tern I reached, the receipt of which Mr r 4 I Wigmnsecretary of toe Hospital,' feba I tonowiedge with thanks. TtiS I set by toese workmen, many of I are . not pensanent resideatB in ftp I ftsfcnct;, is one well worthy of emnla- toon, and is a fitting reproach for I the want of generosity shown by many well-to-do people in closer prorimitv to ihe institution. Hie lethargy shown by some B of those who hare a number of emplovfa B enged, and vriio themselves are well able B to afford a good cheque towards the most B deserving cause in the country, is a matter B for great regret, and it is to be hoped that H some energetic steps will be «v»n by ftj Hospital Committee to ronse these people up. If the subscriptions cannot be secured B voluntarily and with good-will, they de- fl serve to be shamed into giving something fl and we trust toat toe landable action of H Messrs. Younger and Allen's workmen will fl not be witoont result. H Gabden Gates Entertaikhekt. fl This entertainment will be held on Monday fl evening next, and promises to be a great fl success. In addition to these whose names fl appear on the programme, the committee fl have been fortunate enough to obtain the fl services of Mr. Moran, who is the fl possessor of a fine baritone voice, fl and will contribute a ballad. A fl very interesting feature of tbe entertain- fl ment will be an exhibition of military drill, H including bayonet and sword exercises bv a E number of Indians who hare served in E toe British Army for a number of H years, during which time a few of than H have received honorable wounds in the fl various engagements in which they have B taken part. To Sergeant-Major Algie, who fl is always ready to lend a helping in fl anything tending to the benefit o! the fl public, the credit Is due for this feature ol 1 Monday s programme, he having gone to a fl considerable deal of trouble in preparing fl these men for tbeir part in the I entertainment, the idea of which was I entirely liis own. "We witnessed a re- I hears&l; of performances at the fl Orderly fioom yesterday afternoon, and I they went through bayonet, firing, sword fl and lance and other exercises with great I precision. fl Hamilton Hospital. — The superin- I tendent of the Hospital desires to I acknowledge with frhanirc the receipt of fl the following articles ; — Two boxes flowers, fl Dunkeld Sunday school ; hotter, Mrs. fl Skene ; fruit, Mrs. Doyai ; case of wine, a I friend ; iliastrated books, Mrs. Campbell, I Pinnethorp ; fruit, Mrs. Henty ; eges. Mrs. fl Roberts. He desires us to state that the fl benevolent inmates are urgently in need of fl clothing, and he would he glad to receive fl gifts of some from friends. I Polo. — We would remind members I of "the Club that on next Wednesday, the I judging for L. Hlocft's trophy, to be given fl for the best polo pony, will tairo placed and I no chance should be lost of exercising the fl animals which will compete. Tbe pony I must be the bona fide property of a member fl of the club, and the eveot is exciting great I interest. fl The Stamp Dotibs Act. — This 1 measure comes into operation on Monday I next, and it will be well for business people I to recollect that certain changes have been I made which will require to be attended to I carefully. Up to the present, the minimum I transaction requiring a stamp has I £5, but now a Id stamp will have to be I attached to every receipt for £2 or orer, I with the exception of and wages I not over £5, water rates less than £2, I friendly societies' relief payments, and a few I other minor exemptions. I Hamilton Orchestral Concert.— I The thirtieth concert of the Hamilton I Orchestral Society was held in the Tem perance Hall on Thursday evening, when I three new numbers were rendered by the orchestra, namely, overture from " Italians in AJgieri " (Rossini) ; " Seren&ta; Neapohtaua " (Laiigey) and the Turkish march by Mozart. The vocalists were Miss DoepelandMr. W. G. Moon. Miss Doepel sang " Only a little mountain lad " with exquisite taste and eood expression, sad " Waiting " (Millard), which, was also well received. Mr. Moon's first song was " When toe world Is hushed in deep," and "Maid of Athens:- ' Abahat v. "Hamilton. — A friendly game will be played hy toe Bowling Clubs of toe above places on the Hamilton Green on Wedresday next, the 15th task, and tbe local representatives have been selected as follow: — No.' 1 Rink— Messrs " Sevier, Malcolm, Cavenagh andfil'Lnckie (captain); No. 2 Rink— Messrs. Greed, Kirkwood, Learmonto and Ronlledge (captain); No. 3 Rink— Mresrs. Fletcher, Melville, Friend and C. A, .Wiggins . (captain). Flay will commence a little after two o'clock. Hamilton Fi W ' Bbigade. — The annual meeting. of -members of toe above Brigade was held at the station on Thnrs- Aay evening, when there was a good attend ance of members. Mr. Geo. Christie was voted to toe chair. .The, election of offiee- bearers iSc -the" filming J|year resulted as follows :-FreBident, .Mr.; - R. Rippon; vice-presidents, Messre. Horwitz and Moynan ; captain, Mr. W Carter; lieu tenant, Mr. R. Goes ; foreman, Mr. James Cameron ; -apparatos officer, Mr. R. Mallin- aon ; etatiM->eeper,Mr. D. Carry ; treasurer, Mr. Geo. Christie; and secretary, Sir. H. W. Dew, , Cironlars were tiead from Messrs. LynCh. Wriit and .Clearey. soIiciting the Brigades' vote at forthcoming election for representatives oh Fire Brigades' Board. It was nnanimbnsly , resolved toat Messrs. Lynch andWright (the present members), fce accorded too support of toe Hamilton Brigade, it being considered that better members wonld be very hard to find. , - SCDUPTDREDriPAlINBLLING WoBK. — Mr. J. Ijodge,of Hamilton, has shown ss 'a hMidsome piece of scalptared pannelling n " soap-stone," " toe stone having been risen.near jboponqiigwoolrong Creek. The scotatare , woik'.ta.ta xntaoito relievo, and rrarerente , a 'irila.teshAoene with black- Cefiovra nt -sprare and.-waddies, stalking k.ngaz ' and, «mita Tiie work is very iweditaMyaita& toe l csd hriitowood nlnn Mia riAiwia.' Mr. Tjodge at the same , time showed na several woodwork carvings which he had very well executed. It is well to know that there is an artist at this work resident in the distriot. Band op Hope Entertainment. — The seeond quarterly entertainment in connection with the Hamilton Band of Hope will be held in the Temperance Hall on Tuesday evening. Judging by the man ner in which the former one was ap preciated, there should be a large attend ance, especially as we understand that the programme to bs rendered by the children and their adult friends is quite as good this time. STATE SCHOOL MASTER'S PROSECUTION. — In the Assembly on Wednesday, in reply to Mr. Levien, Mr. Peacock said the Education department did not intend to take any action respecting the master of State School 1,720, at Mount Eckersley, near Hamilton. He had already been punished in a court of law, and this, with the entry made in the record, which would affect his promotion, was considered a sufficiennt penalty. The " Spectator " Director? and Almanac — This popular publication is in tbe binder's hands, and will be ready for issue in a day or two. As usual, no pains have been spared to have the information it contains as complete and accurate as possible, and when it is remembered that this necessitates direct application to the individual most immediately concerned in every item, it will be understood that to attend to tile correspondence entailed thereby is no light task. To say that the work contains no errors would be to assert that an impossibility had been accom plished. In dealing with a large number of correspondents, whose writing varies from the legibility of copperplate to the in distinctness of —well, almost, but not quite — the tracks of an ink-smeared spider, it is inevitable that some mistakes should occur. And as the almanac is issued at a time when our jobbing department Is more than usually busy, it is neaessary that the work shonld occupy several "weeks, and during this time a number of changes hare taken place. Nevertheless, our Btaff have done their best to have the information as nearly np to date and as free from error as pussiuie, ana we nave no tnana our many correspondents, as well as scores of public and private individuals, for the prompt and obliging way in which they supplied par ticulars asked of them. The Almanac will be forwarded to our subscribers in the course of a few days. Non-subscribers may, as usual, purchase copies from any of our agents at 6d each. Hamilton Treasury. — The follow ing accounts are awaiting payment at the local pay office, viz : — Mary Bishop, Alex ander Cameron, D. Cameron, 3. Cameron, Jane Dnggan, Jos. Edmonds, Wm. Fer guson, F. G. Giles, James Bennett Hayes, Isabella Jamieson, Thomas Kent, John M'Lean, Martin M'Carthy, John O'Brien, Geo. B. Bippon, Thomas Scott, Moses Storer. Hamilton Police Court. — The business before this court yesterday was of little importance, only an application for a garnishee order being on the list. The case was that of Hugh Reid v. Peter Hill, and Mr. Melville, who represented the plaintiff, having given evidence that Mr. Horwitz had informed him that he had the sum of £3 in hand belonging to the defen dant, the court made the usual order against the garnishee for £1 18s, with £1 2s costs. Messrs. James Wiggins and Alexander Christie, J'e-P., were tbe presiding magis trates. These garnishee cases seem to have become quite fashionable now, there being soarcely a sitting of the court without one or more of them on the list. Insolvency. — A meeting of credi tors in the insolvent estate of John M'Donald, licensed victualler, Coleraine, was held in the office of the Chief Clerk at iuc vjuutttuuuscf .al.illui ilulj, yqekjraay elllcl- noon. Debts were proved to tbe amount of £484 76 6df for £282 2b 7d of which Mr. R. E. Giles held proxies. "Under these cir cumstances no resolution was moved for the appointment of & trustee, and the estate was left in the hands of the official assignee. An Aid to Beauty.— Truth writes: — " It is generally supposed that the best way to whiten the teeth is to get a good bleaching dentifrice. This is a mistake. The tooth-powders for mitring yellow teeth look nice, only ruin them. Should one wish to dazzle in smiting, the thiDg is to redden the lips and to leave the teeth alone. It may be objected that painted lips would never do in the crude light or proximity of an afternoon or garden party. There are all sorts of contrivances to meet sunlight victoriously. One Is the veil of roseate tulle, that covers the lips and makes the whole face glow, even where it is most thickly dusted with white powder. Another is the false lip. French ingenuity is bound less and above prejudice. Some inventive person has latterly hit upon a means for securing cherry-ripe and humid lips, just like those of a young country girl in rnde health ; but I have no idea what the address of this artificer is. The false lip is made of a specially-prepared and supple kind of parchment, hardly thicker than film. The under surface is covered with carmine and a strongly adhesive pigment, and the whole is so realistic and nicely crinkled that when applied it looks exactly like a young lip. The outer edge of the parchment may be bidden with pearl-powder or a little paint. The wearer of the false lips can often moisten them by petits coupe ae Utngue." Sales of Stock. — Messrs. Elder, Smith and Co., Limited, will offer for sale on Tuesday next, at Tahara, the surplus stock of the Claude Lorraine estate, and on the following day (Wednesday) they will hold a great clearing sale at Merino on account of Mr. H. Northcott. Particulars of both these sales appear in our ad vertising columns. Telegraph Racing Club. — The second meeting of the above Club, which is making wonderfully rapid strides, was held on Thursday last. The weather was threatening and there was not a large attendance. Following are the results : — Maiden Plate — Bedlance, 1 j La Cigale, 2; The Ghost, 3. Hurdle Race — Vplcan, 1 ; St. Patrick, 2 ; Freestep, 3. Pony Race- Gentle Annie, I ; Jack, 2 ; Pansie, 3. December Handicap - Gipsy Girl, I ; Native Boy, 2 ; Panic, 3. Maiden Trot — The Joker, 1 ; Despised, 2 ; Elsinore, 3. Maiden Hurdles— La Cigale, 1 ; Kiora, 2 ; BegumA Smut in Wheat. — There is not much complaint bring made this year of smut among cereals, out it is present m some districts, nevertheless, and getting rid of the plague is always, of course, a matter of interest and importance. A Californian farmer who clrims to have given the sub ject much thought, extending over a period of 30 years, advances tbe opinion, that where seed wheat is cracked' in thrashing there are a great many hearts of the grain exposed to the weather, and these grow nothing but smut, for the reason that it is unnatural, and there can nothing perfect come from it. One thing which leads him to think that cracked grain is the cause of smut is from a standpoint of com parison. Barley, he -observes, is cracked but very little' in the process of thrash ing, and in bailey there is but a small: percentage of smut, while in: self-sown or volunteer wheat crnpsthere is seldomsny smut. Another reason, he contends, for believing that smut is.confined to cracked grain is that shrat will ' not grow, and is oo disease. Fon 'may find a head of smut with good wheat all round it, and when yon rnn out the wheat in your hand yon will "find that it is justasclegnand pure as. though, there was no smnt in ihe field, but 'when - you come to thrash the grain all together yoa wfll find, that the powder from the. smutted stalks has settled on the clean grain, lodging mostly in the fuzy-anci smaller end of the seed. Pickling is 're- ' sorted to in order to bill thegerm of the smut, but this Californian authority con tends that the prqoess is worthless. In ftnfiBMi fn ilio /inopw. Who am smlhi «fifl some kinds of grasses affected with smut? he replies by remarking that when exposed on the ground the dampness or the sun may cause the seed-hulls to cranio and the heart of the oat is, as the heart of the cracked wheat, . exposed to the weather.— "AnB- tralasian." . " ' Parliament.— In the legislative Assembly on Thursday, Mr. Shiefogave notice of the introduction of a lull to amend the Act relating to the appointment of a Parliamentary; .Standing Committee, Jots: Railways. The .WaterworkB jBiil.JHjm committed proforma. Tfie Eale 'btsBrcid BiU was furtirac dealtwilb ih'hdmmitte& A long diacuBSmn feKik placaevera ground that the measure was tonneoesrory. i Mr. Jiinstteis .Mdt&ael; a point by stating that some of the bakers, who were the strongest opponents of the measure, were notorionsfor Belling light weight bread. The bill was passed through committee with amendments. Mr. Wheeler moved a resolution affirming the expediency of constructing a line from Natimuk to Goroke. Mr. Gillies, in a forcible speech, demanded of tha Premier what justification he could offer for departing from the new policy which be had specifically promised at Casterton, viz., that lines ehonld be sub mitted singly and dealt with on their merits. Mr. Bhiels retorted by attacking Mr. Gillies. He admitted that there was a change of policy, but it had been foreed on the Government. Mr. Deakin moved the addition of a line from Newmarket to Essendon. It was objected that this was out of order. The Speaker ruled the amendment in order. Sir Graham Berry intimated that there would be about £660,000 of money available for railways, but, owing to the depression having in creased, it would be necessary to raise a local loan. The resolution was carried. Royal Extravagance. — We notice by one of the English papers, The World, that " The German Empress, in spite of her many excellent qualities, is very ex travagant, and owes large sums of money to many of tbe Berlin tradesmen, oDe firm alone having a bill of £40,000 against Her Majesty. The Empress never wears either a dress, a mantle, or a bonnet a second time in public, and everything that she bays is of the very best. It is all the mora surprising when it is recollected how extremely simple her surroundings were before her marriage to Prince Wilhelm of Prussia, and even after her marriage, until her husband had succeeded to the Empire." £40,000 to one firm I It must be a very wealthy one, and doubtless its profits on the transactions were truly regaL The same authority also tells us that " The Emperor is very largely in debt, in spite of the handsome present made to him last spring by the Empress Frederick, who . advanced him . £76,000. . . . The Emperor has, un fortunately, not the siighest idea of money, and scatters it right and left, to the great horror of many of his loyal subjects." What with having to support an enormously large army and an Emperor and Empress who scatter money broadcast, the Germans must be one of the most oppressively taxed people on the face of the earth. Not so many years ago the Emperor and his mother .were almost " at daggers -drawn," but such golden ointment as Her Imperial Highness has been applying must surely have healed up the breach. 