I TALES AND SKETCHES. [NOW FlltST PUBLISHED.] Alone on a Wide, Wide Sea! AN OCEAN MYSTERY; BY \V. CLARK. RUSSELL. Author of "A Sea l,>ueen," "Tho Golden Hope," "The tt'reilt of tho Grosvenor," "Tlic Death Ship," "My Danish Sweet- heart," &c.;» &c; [AU, ítiiiirrs RESERVED.] CHAITER XVIII.-(Continued. ) I listened whilst 1 sured nt him. Indeed thc confusion of my mind was so Kreut that I scarcely clasped his meaning. Kc observed my bewilderment nnd said : " Tho matter may be thus simply put : Mr. Harris is willing to oner you Iiis hnnd in marriage. He is capable of supporting you, and will, I am convinced, prove un excellent husband. By making yon Iiis wife, he secures you against that future which looks at present dark and hopeless. He is willing to wave all considerations of your antecedents. lu that. Miss C., ho tells nie he hopes for the liest." He added, after ii pause, after viewing me steadfastly, " I have fulfilled my promise, and desire to do no more. In Mr. Harris you have met with ii man who is willing and anxious, in thc most honourable way, TO provide for your future." " I will not murry Mr. Harris," said I. " It is a question for your own decision alone," he answered. " I would sooner die in ono of tho miserable asylums he talked about than marry Mr. Harris," I cried. Captain Ladmorc arched his eyebrows, and made mc a grave bow as though he would say, there is au end of thc matter. " I am sure the man means kindly," said I, my eyes beginning to smart with tears, which I could uot suppress, " but it renders my situation truly awful to understand that you and Mr. Harris consider I stand in need of the sort of assistance your first mate oilers." " Remember, madam," said Captain Lad more, gently, "that on your arrival in England you will need a friend if you arc still unable hy that time to tell ns who your friends arc, and to what part of thc world you belong." " I would far rather die than accept Mr. Harris* offer," said 1 with a shudder. "Let us then allow the matter to rest," said the Captain, "no harm has been done." " How dare he make such a proposal throuch you?" cried I. "He may mean well, but how docB he know who I am ?" " He is willing to take all risks," said thc Captain, "but you do not entertain his pro- posal, therefore the matter cuds." We both rose at once. " You have shown mc the greatest kindness since I have been on board," said I, "and some further great kindness yet I will ask of you. It is that as the master of this ship you will command Mr. Harris not to speak to mc about marriage." " I will do so," said he. " I will beg you to command him to hold aloof from me, for I wiall to have nothing to say to him." Thc captain bowed his bead affirmatively. " And will you also command him, Captain Ladmore," I exclaimed, "not to whisper a syllabic of what has passed ?" " You may trust him to hold his tongue," said he, smiling. " Were the news of his having made this offer through you to reach the passengers, I could never hold up my head again, 1 could uot bear to quit my berth." "The secret shalt be entirely ours," said the Captain. I hurriedly made my way through thc saloon, entered my berth in thc steerage, closed and bolted tho door, and flung myself into my bunk. I hod wept in thc Captain's cabin, but I was now too angry, too con- founded to shed tears, though I longed for thc relief of them. There was a sort of horror, too, upon me, such a feeling as might possess a woman who had met with a shocking insult ; and yet I knew that no insult had been offered to mc, so that thc horror which was upon me was as inscrutable as ever the emotion had been at other times. There is no occasion for rae to refine upon my condition ; the psychologist might well laugh at my speculations j yet I will venture to say this, that when I look buck and re- collect my feelings at this time, then, knowing that I was without memory to excite in me thc detestation with which I had listened to Captain Ladmore's communication of Mr. Harris' offer, I cannot doubt that the wild antagonism of my heart to it must have been owing to the memory of instinct-a memory that may have no more to do with the brain than a deep- rooted habit has to do with thc consciousness. But not to dwell upon this. I sat motion- less ou my bed for I know not how long a time, thinking and thinking ; I then bathed my face and cooled my hands in water, and stood at the open window tn let thc draught caused by the rolling of the ship breathe upon mc, and thus I passed thc afternoon. Shortly before thc first dinner-bell rang Mrs. Richards knocked on my door. I bade her enter. She tried thc handle, aud found thc bolt shot. This WSB unusual, and on entering she gazed at mc with attention. She asked me what thc matter was, and I answered that thc heat had caused my head to ache, and that I had been lying down. No donbt she per- ceived an expression on my face which told her that something more than a headache ailed me, but shu did not press her qucstious. She had come to say that Mrs. Lee sent her love, and wished to know what had become of mc during the afternoon. " I hope to sit with M ¡SB Lee this evening," said I, " but I shall not dine at the dinner table." " Then I will bring you some dinner here," said she, and after wc had conversed a little while about thc heat of the weather and about Alice Lee, thc kind motherly little woman left mc. I could not rally my spirits. Thc mere thought of what Captain Ladmore had said to mc induced a feeling of crushing humiliation ; and then there was that deep, mysterious, impenetrable emotion of loathing which I have before mentioned. Oh, it was shocking to think that my condition should bo so cruelly forlorn as to challenge an offer of marriage from such a man as Mr. Harris. Nothing could have made inc more bitterly under- stand how helpless I was, how hopeless, how lonely. I sought comfort in the recollection of Alice's words ; but not only did it miserably dispirit mc to think that thc dear girl must die before the wish she expressed could take effect ; I was haunted by thc Captain's language-that the world was cold-that thc kindly intentions of shipboard acquaintance were not often very lasting-that when people stepped ashore after a voyage thc memories they carried with them speedily perished out of their minds. I ute a little nf thc dinner that Mrs. Richards brought mc, hut I had not thc heart to leave inv cabin. I felt as though I had been terribly degraded and outraged, and my inability to understand why I should thus feel when all thc while I was saying to myself uothing but kindness was incant, no insult could possibly bc intended-I Bay my inability to understand thc dark, subtle protest and loathing and sense of having been wronged that was in my mind, half crazed me. Twice Mrs. Richards arrived wilha message first from Mrs. Lee and then from Alice, inviting mo to their cabin, but I answered that my head ached and that I did notfeel well : and when the door was closed I stood at the porthole breathing the air that floated warm off thc dark stagnnnt waters mid watching thc stars reel li the sluggish motions of thc vessel. Presently I heard thc sound of a bell ; I counted the chimes-they were eight : and so I knew thc hour to bc eight. Just then, some- one gently knocked on thc door ; it was not the stewardess' fainilnr rap. I said "Come in," and the door was opened. "All in tho dark, AnnesÏ" exclaimed thc voice of Mrs. Leo. " What is the matter with you, my dear T Why have you not como to Alice, who has been expecting to sec you all the evening?" " I am so low-spirited, dear Mrs. Lee, that ÍI am not fit company for Alice," I answered, j " Will you light thc lamp," said she, "thnt we may see each other ?" I lighted thc lamp and she closed thc door and scated herself, viewing mc steadily and taking no notice of thc interior of the berth, though this washer first visit lo these Btccrago ([imrtcrs " You look pale," said she ; " pale and worried. Arc you really ill, or is it thc mind? Tell me, my dear. Tile mind might be making a great effort thal affects you like physical sickness would, but it may he the very effort to pray for." I lind felt that nothing could induce mc to confess what hud passed ; but thc tenderness of her voice aud manner broke mc down, lier sudden presence made mc actually feel thc need of sympathy. But my heart was too full of spcocli. I lojk her hand and, bowing my head upon it, wept. She did not Bpcak whilst I sobbed, but soothingly caressed my hair with a touch soft und comforting as her daughter's. After a while I grew composed, and then, with my face averted, I told her that thc Captain liad sent for mc after lunch and I repeated to her tho offer Mr. Harris had requested him to make to inc. She listened attentively, and, on my ending, exclaimed: " Well, my dear, it is a proposal of marriage as extraordinary in its manner of reaching you as thc whole character of thc mau who made il. Hui what is there iii it to cause you to fret and keep yourself locked up in this dark place ?" " It affects mc us u dreadful insult." "But why? It is not meant usan insult. Captain Ludmorc is not a man to suffer one of his officers to insult you through him." " I cannot explain, Mrs. Lee. This offer of marriage has shocked mc as though it had been some horrid outrage, and I do not know why." She sat, silently regarding mc. " But that is not all," I continued. " Thc loathing, the horror thc offer has caused is too deep, ffeel that it is too deep to he owing merely to the offer. Some sense, lyingin black- ness within me, has been shocked and outraged. But that is not all : thc oder has made me feel how lonely I am, how utterly hopeless my future must be if my memory docs uot return to me." " lt is very strange," said she, " that you should feel that this extraordinary recoil as of loathing comes not from Mr. Harris himself as it were, but from his offer." " You exactly express it," I exclaimed : " it is not the man but thc proposal which tills mc with loathing." "And you do not understand why this should be?" said she. " No, because thc man means kindly. He approached me even with delicacy through the Captain. There is nothing which should make mc loathe him. " " And still his offer fills you with horror uni disgust ?" " Yes." Shu surveyed mc for a while, lightly running her eye over mc with au expression of inquiry. She then said, " Do you remember what that gipsy woman told you ?" I reflected and answered, " She told me much that I remember." "She told you," said she, "that yon were a married woman. What else she said matters not. But she tolfi you, Agnes, that you were married, and that you have lefta husband who wonders and grieves over your absence." ? I drew a deep tremulous breath, not know- ing what meaning slio had in her mind. " From what you have now told me," she continued, " I am disposed-mind, my dear, I nnly say disposed-to believe that the gipsy woman may be right." " From what I have now told you !" I echoed. " What can cause this deep recoil in you from Mr. Harris's offer? What can occasion your detestation of it and the bitter feeling of shame? lt cannot be thc offer of the man! It reached you in thc most inoffensive manner possible. There is hardly a woman who would not find something in such an offer of marriage made by such a man uudcr such conditions to laugh at. No honourable offer of marriage can fill a woman with loathing. A mancan pay a womau no higher compliment than to ask her to be his wife, aud no woman, therefore, is to be unutterably outraged, as you tell mc you arc, by the highest compliment our sex can receive. Nor is it as thougli Mr. Harris were a monster, of a figure and face to justify the disgust his offer has excited. What then, is thc reason of this abhorrence?" She sank into a reverie, during which I watched her almost breathlessly. " I shall not bc ut all surprised, Agnes," said she, presently, "ifyouprovetobcamarricd woman ni spite of your not wearing a wedding ring. There must be a reason for your not wearing a wedding ring, and some of these days, please God, you will be able to account for its missing from your fiuger. I believe, yes, I earnestly believe," she went on, looking at me eagerly in the eyes, " that your antipathy tu this offer, the sense of insult that hos attended this offer arises from a rebellion of thc instincts which possess the truth, though they arc unable to communicate it to thc intelligence. Thc impression of marriage tho great momentous step of every woman's life-is too deep to perish. Your secret horror, your unaccountable loathing is the subtle and unintelligible revolt of your chastity as a wife against au offer that ¡B an insult to that chastity. I believe this, my dear, I do indeed." "Oil God !" I cried, and my bursting heart could find no other vent than that cry of "Oh God !" " You must not be distressed," continued thc dear little woman, caressing my hand, " because our speculations should be tending the right way. Suppose wc arc able to satisfy ourselves that you arc a wife : thc knowledge will be a distinct gain, something to employ with profit on our return to England. But to be able to form no ideas whatever about you, ruy dear . . And now I wish to suy a word ubont your future. Can you believe, that after our association on board this ship, after the friendship between you and my darling child, I could bear to lose sight of you on our return home? . . But yon have been so much upset, by what has happened to day that I will not talk to you now about thc future. Come with mc to Alice," said she, rising ; " It is not long after eight, elie IIIIB been wuntbig you ull thc after- noon and evening, and will be glad if you will sit with her for nu hour." And now happened another interval of ship board life, during which there occurred nothing of interest euough to trouble you with. That Captain Ladmorc had delivered my answer to Mr. Harris, and that he hud also requested, perhaps commanded, his first officer to trouble mc no further with his attention, I could not doubt ; for when next morning I met Mr. Harris at. the breakfast table I never once caught him looking my way. Thc twist of his mouth seemed a little dryer than usual, and his countenance might generally express a slight increase of acidity of feeling ; nevertheless, he talked somewhat innre freely tlioD was commonly his custom, was attentive to what was said, and appeared to direct his eyes at everybody but at mc, His behaviour made me easy, tho more so since I was sure he would not talk of what had passed, so that the ridiculous, and, to me, the humiliating incident, would be known to nobody on board excepting thc Lees and thc Captain of thc ship. And herc I may as well say-for it is time that I should dismiss thc few shadowy figures which iiit between this part of my story and the sequel-that ever after, whiUt I remained on board the Veal Castle, the behaviour of Mr. Harris remained the same ; that is to say, he never looked at inc and never accosted mc. If I approached that part of the deck where he was standing he instantly walked uway. For a day or two after I had received his "offer" I would briefly salute him with a " Good morning " or some such phrase if wo had not before met iu thc day, but he never turned his eyes to my face nor answered me, nor took any notice of me, for which behaviour in him, as you may suppose, I was truly thankful. And yet, somehow, lie so contrived his manner that MB downright cutting of mc, if I may so express it, was much less notice- able than his conduct had been whilst, as I may suppose, he was making up his mind to offer mo marriage. Nobody remarked upon his behaviour-I never, indeed, heard a whisper about it. He was indeed an extraordinary person in his way. I suffer my memory to dwell briefly upon him before he stalks ghost-like off thc little stage of my dark and memorable expe- rience. I have no doubt whatever he was in earnest in his desire to marry nie ; and I have since understood that it was in thc power of Captain Ladmore to have united ns, for it seems that amongst, the privileges enjoyed by thc master of n merchant vessel is thc right to solemnise holy matrimony, and to make two people one as effectually as though they were tied together hy n clergyman on shore. I often recall thc poor man and speculate on his motive. It would he ridiculous to feign that he had fallen in love with mc ; my face ami thin white hair must have preserved him from that passion. He might indeed have imagined in mc certain intellectual graces and qualities and fallen in love with his own ideal. Was it pure goodness of heart that caused him to take pity on my lonely and helpless con- dition ? Or-the notion having been put into his head by (Sir Frederick Thompson-did he secretly believe that I belonged to a fine old family, that his marriage to mc would connect him with people of title and wealth, and that for all he knew when my memory returned 1 would he able to tell him that ho had married a fortune or enough morney at all events to release him from a calling which he appeared to hate ? His strange offer of marriage, however, re- sulted in pci'suudiug me that I was a married woman. It would never have entered my head to imagine such a thing but for Mis. Lee, and then when 1 caine to think over her words, and to reason upon the horror that had visited mc whilst I listened to Captain Lad- more, there grew up in my minn a strong secret conviction that I was ii wife. It was not a discovery. Indeed, us a surmise it was no more helpful to my memory than thc little city knight s assurance that I was a member of thc house of Calthorpe ; and yet it could not have affected mc more had it been a discovery. I would lie awake for hours during the night thinking of it. When I was with Alice my mind would wander from thc book I read aloud to her from, or my attention would stray from her language whilst my whole intellectual being sank as it were into thc black chasm of memory, where the mind with sightless vision would go on fruitlessly groping until thc useless quest grew at times into so keen a torment that often I was convinced I should go mad. Again and again when alone in my berth I took down the little mirror, as I had been used to do in the earlier passages of this experience, and sitting with it iu my hands in a posture that brought light flowing through the porthole on to my face so that the reflec- tion of my countenance lay brilliantly in the mirror, I wonld peruse my lineaments, search ?nine own eyes, dwell upon thc turu of my lips, and all the while I would be asking my- self with a soft whisper, but with a heart racked with the anguish of hopeless inquiry Who am I r Can it be that I am a wife ? Oh Goa 1 what is it which seems to assure inc that Mrs. Lee's belief that lama wife is true? And then I would say to myself whilst I sat gazing at my face in the mirror, If I am a wife, I my have children. Can it be that there are children of mino own in the unknown home in the unknown country from which God has lanishcd me in blindness ; that there arc children there whose mother I am, who call me mothei, who have cried for mc in the day and in thc night as their mother who had gone from them ? Can it be so, I would ask myself? And then I would bend the ear of my mind to thc mute lips of my dead or sleeping memory, and imagination would strain within me to catch some echo of a child's voice, of a child's cry or laugh, that would remind me and give mc back thc image of what, since I uow believed myself a wife, I imagined that I had lost. 