LONDON TABLE TALK. [From our Special Correspondent.] London, March 4, 1892. On Saturday last one of the ablest and most remarkable of living Englishwomen passed peacefully away. This was Miss Clough, the principal, founder, and manu- facturer of Newnham College, Cambridge, Miss Clough had been a successful school- mistress all her life, but it was not till 1871 her great opportunity came. Then at the invitation of Professor Sidgwick she took charge at Cambridge of five girl students. From this humble origin sprang Newnham College, the success of which has been remarkable. In 1875 Newnham Hall was built. In 1880 another hall and more rooms were called for, and in 1888 the college blossomed into the present magnificent block of build- ings. In 1888 amongst the recipients of honorary degress who visited Newnham were the Prime Minister and many other great men, including Mr. Balfour, who has from the first been a tower of strength to the ladies' college. What Miss Clough's work was between 1871 and 1880 only those who can remember the prejudices which existed and, to a much less extent, still exist against the higher education of women in the upper and middle classes will be able to realise. Almost every student had to be captured at the point of the sword. Paterfamilias either dis- liked, or distrusted, or disbelieved in his daughter going to Newnham. "If you must read Latin and Greek and fash your head with mathematics do it at home," he would say; or "A girl's place is with her mother;" or "You'd be better employed learning to cook;" or "I can't have my daughter amongst a lot of rowdy college boys at Cambridge." These and 50 other similar objections had to be combated and overcome somehow. "I'm afraid I shall be obliged to give up all hopes of ever joining you," the would-be collegian used to say to Miss Clough tearfully. "Neither mother nor father will hear of it." "Bring your dear father here," Miss Clough invariably replied, "and I'll see if I can't make him think differently." She usually succeeded. The man who en- tered her drawing-room was lost. He inevi- tably partially capitulated before leaving. Miss Clough was after a time assisted by Miss Gladstone (the G.O.M.'s only unmarried daughter) and Miss Stephen (a daughter of the judge and brother of J.K.S.), but the genuine management was always hers, and hers alone. Simple and unpretending in manner, though perfectly dignified, she cared little for dress, and would have struck one as an ordinary woman but for her masses of snow-white hair and the keenness and brightness of her eyes, which few things escaped. Al- though exceptionally well educated, Miss Clough shone less as a teacher than as organiser, administrator, and diplomatist. She never made a fuss. She never seemed scheming or planning. But her way was generally the way taken. Recalling a dis- cussion with the principal of Newnham a Liverpool professor once observed "We appeared to be confiding our views to each other, but I discovered on think- ing the conversation over, that whilst Miss Clough had turned my mind inside out I really knew nothing of hers." During the early days of Newnham, when every shaft which academic Toryism, masculine ridicule and undergraduate wit and mischief could invent was launched against the ladies' college, Miss Clough's difficulties were such as only surpassing tact and skill could have surmounted. "Many countries," writes a biographer, "have been governed with less talent and diplomacy, less strength of mind and character than Miss Clough displayed in the management of Newnham. Yet she was adored by her pupils and retained their friendship to the end, whatever their lot in life might be." She has lived to see her pet hobby a great and splendid institution, respected and admired by educated society in all parts of the world. It has turned out a Senior Wrangler and Senior Classic, and left its elder sister Girton far behind. The work is the work of but 21 years, yet it is complete, may in fact be said to have "come of age," and to be fit to look after itself. This no doubt the grand old lady felt, and when at length her energies failed, and tended by loving hands she faded slowly towards the unknown, she did so perfectly rest- fully and happily. Anne Clough's life was complete. Like the great cardinal she died in sleep. The whitehaired and benevolent-look- ing old gentleman who has without doubt for some years past been the "Champion blackmailer of all England" again made his appearance before Sir Jno. Bridge at Bow-street last Tuesday. Mr. Morland views the proceedings in court with the assumed contempt of conscious rectitude and innocence. When any specially strong point is made against him he smiles sorrowfully as though to say, "Alas! dear friends, what a whopper," and shakes his head. Onlookers in court have grown quite fond of the venerable ruffian; he is such a clever, clean, courtly, and conscienceless old scoundrel. Earl Russell was the hero of Tuesday's proceedings. Incredible as it may sound the blackmailer absolutely brought an action against the earl in an imaginary "Ruth Morland's" name, and carried it to such lengths that he was able to put the peer to £70 odd of legal expenses. Finally so sure did the old scoundrel feel of "landing" Earl Russell that he went to see him at his house. Here, however, he was shown into a room where not only the noble earl but Lady Scott and his fiancee, "Babs," were sitting. "We all three," deposed the earl, "gave him a good talking-to and then packed him off." Criminal pro- ceedings were discussed, but Lord Russell thought he had spent enough over the matter already. He therefore simply sent full particulars to Mr. Labouchere. After hearing Earl Russell's evidence the magis- trate committed Morland for trial. Mrs. Robert Montagu, who has been committed for trial on a charge of man- slaughtering her three-year-old child, ap- pears to have been in the habit of ill- treating her offspring. At the adjourned inquest an ex-governess related a shock- ing story of the condition in which the eldest lad had on a certain occasion emerged from his mother's room after a day's punishment. The little boy's back was a pulpy jelly. Witness threatened to inform the Society for Preventing Cruelty to Children of what was going on, and ultimately left the house. Mrs. Montagu's religious convictions obliged her, she explained, to be severe with her children. What did their bodies matter? It was their souls she longed to save. In appearance Mrs. Montagu is a tall, strong, masculine, and masterful woman, who has all her life dragooned everyone with whom she came in contact. She rides regularly to hounds in the season, seldom missing a meet and following the fox straight as a die. Of Mr. Robert Mon- tagu one hears little. His wife, it is understood, brought him what money he possesses ; in fact, Cromone House and estate are her property. Upon the departure of the soft-hearted governess, who objected to Mrs. Montagu thrashing her children even for their soul's sake, the lady engaged a repellent looking person of thoroughly sound views." This lady deposed that Mrs. Montagu always un- dertook herself such chastisement of the children as was necessary for their eternal welfare Witness was not allowed to touch them. She had never known the children excessively punished. The servants' evidence was dead against their mistress. Some had been dismissed for remonstrating; others left the house when they discovered the "missus's goings on." The great attraction of a matinee in aid of the Russian relief fund at the Criterion on Tuesday was Mrs. Langtry in a short frock, doing skirt dances a la Kate Yaughan. Mr, Justin Huntly McCarthy wrote a little piece-a very dull little piece-called " The Highwayman," a variation of the Claude Duval legend, to enshrine this performance. The Lily, seemingly very little made up, looked not an hour over twenty and blazed with diamonds. Never, even on Patti, have I seen superber stones. Her dancing was graceful, but lacked the abandon of the true terpsichorean artiste. Miss Harriet Coveney, Mrs. Charles Jecks, who died at Brighton last week, was one of the kindest and best natured of women in the profession. The daughter of an actor and actress, she made her first appearance on the stage at the age of three, her last when she was sixty-three. Latterly it was as comic elderly women Miss Coveney excelled, and those who saw her as Fanny Squeers, in "Nicholas Nickleby," at the Adelphi fifteen years ago, will certainly still smile at the recollection. Harriet Coveney played in scores of melodramas at this theatre and also in many comic operas. She was the original Mrs. Privet in "Dorothy," and worked the part up from nothing, playing it without a break throughout the long run. Miss Coveney also created an amusing character in the burlesque of " Little Jack Sheppard," at the Gaiety Theatre. Whilst playing this she recalled that she was the original Jack Sheppard of the melodrama of that name at the Adelphi 40 years before. Miss Coveney was the mother of the popular soubrette, Clara Jecks. Mr. Ambrose Bierce, the author of the volume of weirdly fascinating battle, murder and sudden death stories, I com- mended to your notice last mail, is no callow scribe, but a veteran in letters. During the palmy days of Fun he con- tributed frequently under the nom de plume of " Dod Girl," and the late Tom Hood was his intimate friend. Mr. Bierce has been in the habit of thrilling his friends after dinner with such yarns as "The Man and the Snake," "One of the Missing," and "A Holy Terror," but it did not occur to him till recently to turn them into copy. Once he began to recall them for this purpose, however, he discovered he had quite a collection. Both English and American publishers have from the first believed that sooner or later "In the Midst of Life" would "catch on." People do love being thrilled, and it cannot be denied Mr. Bierce's yarns are veritable marrow curdlers, worth, from a discomforting point of view, a clothes-basketful of Mr. Stead's ghost stories. Mr. Kipling will do no serious work whilst honeymooning round the world. He desires to receive impressions and study men and manners a bit before he spreads himself out on a larger bolder canvas. The long-promised "Barrack-room Ballads" are published to-day, I believe, by Methuens. Mr. George Newnes has bought "all rights" in the Sherlock Holmes Detective Stories now appearing in the Strand maga- zine, and will republish them in book form both here and in America. There is, it seems, even a more tragic story than I thought connected with Valentine Durrant, the luckless author of the abortive Cheveley Novels, who died the other day. Durrant was a baker's son, and entirely self-educated. A wealthy dabbler in letters " discovered" him and resolved that his should be the honor and glory of exploiting this second Scott or Bulwer. The patron interested Messrs. Blackwood in his protege, and they evolved together the scheme of the Cheveley Novels. Blackwood's judg- ment is generally sound, but having a few years previously somewhat underrated George Eliot, the firm were now in the mood to overrate a promising new hand. Besides "A Modern Minister" was un- deniably clever. Its start would have turned the heads of stronger men than Durrant. The shilling part sold in tens of thousands, and the critics promptly recognised "the familiar hand of Bulwer Lytton." Durrant's collapse was almost as sudden and startling as his success or rather pseudo-success. The patron's eyes were not, however, fully opened till "A Modern Minister" appeared complete. Then the good man jumped to extremes, and from recognising in Durrant a genius condemned him as an impostor whose flashy superficial cleverness had taken him in. Durrant was always very poor, and for years starved in a garret in London. His patron never took much interest in the personal well-being of "my discovery." On the secondhand bookstalls you may one day come across either "Souls and Cities," "His Child Friend," or "A Modern Minister." If you do, spend a shilling thereon. In the light of this unfortunate man's career you will find "A Modern Minister" at least worth glancing through. Messrs. Macmillan announce "The Three Fates" by Marian Crawford, Mrs. Oliphant's "Marriage of Elinor," and "The Story of Dick" by Major Gamber Parry, all for immediate publication in England, America, and Australia. The circulation of the Strand magazine has touched 275,000. The second num- ber of the Idler is, putting smart names out of the question, an improvement on No. 1, but in every way it still falls far short of Mr. Newnes' monthly. The Search Light, Arthur Pearson's new three penny monthly, pretends to be nothing more than a rough collection of American and Continental clippings, adorned with a few bought blocks. Cover, paper, print- ing, and illustrations are all of the commonest description. I shouldn't have said the venture had much chance of success, but Mr. Pearson's head happens to be screwed on exceptionally straight, and it is unlikely he has made a mis- take. The public he caters for are the mill hands of the north, and in the matter of illustrations no doubt they want size, and not quality or quantity. Had Fullerton been beaten in the second final for the Waterloo Cup last Thursday a rare hubbub would have ensued, as in the opinion of most onlookers the crack won the first final, which Judge Hedley gave as undecided. Backers experienced some anxious moments when the dogs were slipped a second time. Fitzfife was obviously much the fresher, and hustled Fullerton considerably. The latter began beautifully, reaching the hare quite two lengths in front. Steadying himself he went on for second and third, and placed Fitzfife for three strong points. In attempting to come round Fullerton cannoned against his opponent, but although he got the worst of the scrim- mage he quickly recovered himself, and took the hare from Fitzfife before the latter could score. From this point the exchanges were equal for some time, but Fullerton put in all his powers and finally finished a long gruelling trial with a brilliant kill, well in sight of every one. The cheering was enthusiastic, as indeed it well might be, Master McGrath's achievements having been thrown com- pletely into the shade. Fullerton made his first appearance in public at Haydock Park in 1888, when he ran up to Greengage for the Haydock Derby, being beaten in the final by a fluke. On December 15 the puppy was offered for sale at the Barbican, and after some spirited bidding on the part of an Australian agent, sold to Col. North for £850. Fullerton's first Waterloo Cup was that of 1889, when after beating Dear Bell, Blue Blood, Barbican II., Sirius, and the famous Herschel (Divider in 1888) he divided with the Nitrate King's Troughend. For a twelvemonth Fullerton was not seen in public, and then in February, 1890, he deci- sively won the Cup, beating Plemont, Glenogle, Monkside, Gladiola, Green Fern, and Downpour. For the second time the crack was put away for a year, but in 1891 he re-emerged, and in mag- nificent style disposed of his own brother Simonian, who nevertheless won the Purse, Rhymes, Real Lace, Meals Major, Button Park, and in the final Faster and Faster. In his fourth Wallaroo Cup last week Fullerton beat Likeness, Maggie Miller, Rhymes, Patrick Blue, Racecourse, and Fitzfife. The only dogs which troubled him at all were Rhymes and Fitzfife. Fullerton's own brother Simonian scored, as was the case last year (when he won the Purse) in one of the lesser events. This time, however, it was the Waterloo Plate, which fell to the colonel's second string. Mr. Russell's Red River won the Purse. On the night of the draw the betting against the last four dogs left in the Cup was 100 to 30 Fullerton, 100 to 9 Race course, 100 to 1 Roman Oak, 50 to 1 Fitzfife. Fullerton, Simonian, and Young Fullerton (who was beaten in the third round of the Cup) are all by Greentick (runner up in '84), by Bedfellow (out of Bed of Stone, winner 1872), out of Bit of Fashion (divider in '85). Colonel North's fourth dog in the Cup-Neston, by Herschel (divider in '87), out of the famous Miss Glendyne (winner in '86 and divider in '85), also ran into the third round. 