' THJ5 NOVELIST -MILDRED'S HUSBAND OHAPEETXXIX. ' j .In dae oourao of time (be wedding of Dr. Ctrham aod Mill, Temple took pUco io Loudon, as had ;beea arranged ; and ahorUy aftorwarda Lady Bltbam plaoed ber aUtero at tho tohool she had eleoted for them. To ba traoafarred they wore no longer unwilling, lince they found tbat their second mother hid nuw got a home and dutici of her otto to attend to. Mr. Cbetwynd and his wifa "wora'etill la America ; no ono, however, aaemed particularly anxione for their return Sir Hellee leigh wm abroad alao, but lettora oame seldom from him. And Mildrod who now apont muoh of hec timo at Eltbam, heard more frequently of bor hus band from others — people to whom he wrote ou busine|ia— than from, bimsclf; aud the foot sad! tienoa her; bat she expected nothing bettor. Tho London season bad come round again, and .there woa no one who'hold a higher or better plaro 'to her own clrole than the fair-haired pretty little woman who need to wander up anil down the gal leries at Eltham,. wondering how aho should past her time, aod whether ehe should bo abio to oom, port betaelf as to esoapo a roprimond for doing (omatbiog or other that was eitbor ill-timed or foollab. No lgogsr, however, was ahs tho timid, inex perienced, reeorvod yoong wife of former days, bui a eslf-poeseaeed most oharmiug woman, receiving far more homngs than foil to tho lot nf others in her own sphere, and on tho wholo receiving it very gracefully. Her bead wbs never turnod by it ; aa the pbroae goes, nevertheless, ahr koew beat bcroelf what kept her atsady. , , It waa\ thn ,romsmbranco of a winter spent amid a dreary aolitudo, in which onco aod for all, he bad glvon away her affectioni— in a quarter to wbarn she. had a right to look for somo return, and had met who uooo. When men, thereforo,: paid ber homage now, aho knew what it was worth J for was tbero not one man, at preaont away from ,her-iwb'er9» ahs know not- who had taught ber by ad experieoco how Httlo worth were bor peraoua! Gualltiei or nttrAationa. Three ; months had now olapsed ainoo Mildred had bad a letter from Sir Helleiletgb. At Qrat bis oommnnioatlona had ooae frequently, then at .longer Intervals, then altogether ooased. Sho did not,' however, tho less watch daily for the poat ; but only to Mr. Wriothealey did she ever confoai that her hnabaod bad erased to write to her. Her own letters to bim had bceo returned by the post-offloa ; aof on her part, aho had also had 'oeaaed writing, - Wriolheslev dared not any to hor how bad he thought Sir Hollealeigh'a conduct wo». Sho wonld have foarcely allowed him to say as much ; but it . went to bla heart whoo, with wistful t yeo, she aaked him, at such brief intt-rvsla as they found tneniiel.ves alone, Have you aoy news Mr. Wriothealey ?' and he had none to give her. Ho made'-foqairiea for her aa far oa possible, bat with- oct any retail. ' Ah,1 aho said one day, when ho had told her of bia want of aucoers, 1 that day, when he went jfrom homo, I thought he might enmo back at leaat at' the end of a year; but that xp«<oUtinu ta past now. tfo means to keep away altogether from Etisland.' That evening, as Wrinthrnley rat in bis club, a hand w»a laid on his ih' ulder. 'Eltham,' he cxol-iimed— 1 or his ghost t' and then, looking at his friend for a momeut, in sheer, . aalouiabmeut, before shaking bauds, aa ho pushed bim to a obatr. Almost a ghost,' said Sir H-Uesleigb, ' for I have been at death's door. I have been very ill fur two or three months, and have only juat been able to oraw) to England. I arrived tn-day and come back to aak you about Lady Eltbam. Is she !n town 1' ( 4 She 'a. Why did you not go to her when you arrived V : Sir Helleatcigh shook hia hoid, ' You don't nnduratand as, my dear fellow. , That ia all over between us. Rut toll mo about ber,' ' I taw her tHis afternoon ; and I expect to meet them at Lady Morley'a this evening.' ''Whom 'do you mean by them J aakod the Baronet. < 'Lady Eltbam and her sietsr, and old Lady Cambeltoo. She la spending theacaaon wilh > them J replied bia friend. 'Do yon tee them often 1' 'Aa often aa loan. It is the old story of the molh apd iho candle. Whorever Sylvia ia. thither 1 am' attached. It la madness, I know, but it ia pleaiant while it U»ti.' ' Whftt.ia Lady EUhtm about ?' asked Sir Hut lvilrigb, , . '.What a qarstion. Cannot yott put it some . rational. form V 4 Well, how dies she spend her timet What are her pursuits T Doos she acem tu be happy V snpplemented tbe Baronet. ..'One question at a time, if you please. She (Upends ber rime as oust ladies of ber rank and with um iiivuiu. our gtwi tt K'vnv ur»i iu.v '.aocleiy, la very muoh admired— no woman in . London wore so— is more obsrming, if pueiiule, than over, and is not tbo least spoiled by nil the adulation she receives.' 'Yon were always a. great admirer of Lvly Eltbam,' said Sir Hollesleigh, sharply. ' And a lucky fellow I was to be allowed to bo ftcqnajotcd.with her In past days ; for 1 am now i admitted to anoh intimacy aa no one otso ia. Wait till you have hern a little while in London, and you will feel yoarself on the highest step nf the ladder ' If yon are allowed to carry Lady Eltham'a cloak ' for a few minutes.' ' Don't talk nonaenso,' broke in the Baronet, irritably. 4 1 am not quito well euough to staod yoor quiet irony.' 1 There ia not a bit of irony in all that I have said,' returned Wriothealey, quickly. ' If you do not Deiieve me, goto some party io wruon aho is ''invited, sod witness the icoaatlun she creates.' ,'Sbe will not tbank me for luinitig up.' 8be la must anxious to bear aomethiog about \- you— tbat is all I know. She questions me contiuu- ' ally for news of yon.' 'Doubllraa/ observed tha Baronet, bitterly. 'If I were to die, I suppose she would marry une uf tboao devoted admirers you (ell me o!,' ' '' ' By Jove I I don't know which it would he ''thta; tor she rccogoiaes hut little the many attentions she receives. Rut what has been tbe ' matter' with ynu, Eltham I' I . !.' Rheumatiu /over, and ague, and heart cmplalnt I . —every ill that Utah /s heir to. 1 have been uearly three months nu my hack This jjuruey hsn bnen my firs' apb»rai.ce out of s ilreaiug-g >wu. I havo , only jo »l arrived, aod I came hither iu search of you/ A gentleman here came up and interrupted their conversation. 'I beg pardon, Wriothealey, but did yon not say you wanted orders for two ladies to aee those Eihimim i miiii you oi i x nave uruugut you »wv, ut thoy must be filled io with tbo visitors'- names. Sorry fo intrude on your oorfdeooa, butib ia ' absolntely neceaasiy.' Aa he. spoke he dipped a pen in the inkstand, ' olose by; and stooped over tbo table to write, I ! 'or Eltham, tbe other fur her Bister ' Miss Ch-twynd,' rt plied Wriothealey. She is a charming lady,' the gentleman eaid, ' Writing lbs names—1 1 X mean Lady Eltham, What : a pity it is that she has a hasbind. Ho must be a quvor fellow to be sbiant from a woman like . tbat.' 4 1 should not advise you to confess at muoh to her.' , 4 Not If I want to get into her good graces most certainly, She is awfully particular, I know. You must mihd your p'a and q s w'leu you are chatting ?. 44 " ls 80 gr»c»ou« and sfilahlu. that ;U0Unng lha Lye down seem to b« hard law. Did you see her at Lady 8tudley'a the other night? She wa«, by long chalks, the central figure there bnt she always Ia that wherever tbe goes. Good evening.' 'Nor EUbsm,' said Wriuthealey, delighted, 'pirnapsyon can boli- ve tbat. Ask every man in the room, and be will tell ym juat the same .thing,' : Could yon take me to that party yooseyahe it to boat to-night,' aaked the Baronet, 'and let me lo ik on ODieen V Tbe name yna bear would get yon admittanae to any oirole in London, from tho way in which your wife wetra it,' aoewered Wriotbsriey, think ing as bo spoke, of his friend's remarks two years brck, ftboot having to share his name with this jgifl, JlrethtrgaTO him pleasure to apeak m he Then he added, I Will write a note, to Lady Morley at ouce, ahd aak If she will favour mo with a card.' 4 You can do It without mentioning my pame, I; suppose,' inquirod tho Rsronot. 'If youi wish to remain incog., I must— at least for an hour,' ' Tbo rooms woro. rather full, and dancing was going on, when Sir Hellcilolgb aud bis friond arrived-. They took- up a piktof observation :'near 'the dnor, and Wriothesley looked oat for tbo object of their quest. ' Lo<>k at the quadrille,' he said, presently. r Sir Hellusleigh did look lung and steadily, but he never spqko, ouly watched. Mildred as sho danced. /Well,.' said Wriothesley, but , his friend , would 'not'uttur a word. Hulf ou hour passed, and tho Bnronot still rodiaincd watching tho danoers. Wriothesley, who bad gooe away, presently camo back to him, Eltham,' ho said, 1 1 am going to tell her that you «ro here/ ' No,' crow'cd the other, sullenly, 4 But Iroust. Vhen I cousentcd to bring you here, it was tbat you might moot her, not stand theru noting the spy. It is uumanly,' > 'What dues she care?' was the bitter answer. ' She has so many admirers there aho eanuot want me.' « i:. . . % 1 He is mad with jealouayi' said Wriotbosley to himself ; and a wholesome frame of mind It is to seo him in.' ' I am going home,' remarked Sir Hollesleigh. ' I enough. To-morrow I shall start on my travels agaiu.' I swear that I will not allow you to leave this house until your wife hot been told that you are in it,' roj»ined Wriothealey, .passionately. ' It is for her theo to refuse to see you, if auob be her wish,' Sir Hellealeigh hesitated. ' How can I meet her in this crowd.' 4 Go into tbo small conservatory off tho landing, and I will briog|bori It is a qulot pluce— no ouo goes in there.' Wriothealey almost forued the Raroneb into it, and oloiod tho door; then ho returned to tho danoing-room. 'Lady Eltham,' bo sold, 'can I havo a fow minutes conversation with. you V She at onco stood up, saying, very softly, ' You havo heard somothing, havo you not V aud, taking hia arm, ebe went with bim through tho orowd. 'Is tbero any thing wrong?' she asked, faintly, after a minute or two. 1 No ' ''8 Slid; 'only an old friend of yours ia bore, and am going to take you to aee hi in.' 1 I she gasped, and beginning to treinblo, ' But doos ho waofc lo seo me ? 'I should say he does. Ho has been ill, and could not write.' ftjlu opducd tho conservatory door, and sho passed in, he keeping guard at the outsido during tho interview, CHAPTER XXX. Sin Hblleslbiou stood olose by tbe door of tho small ouQtor vaiory, and aoouur did Mildred enter than ahe w» iu hia arms and warmly kisaud almost btfoue she knew it ; thcu he reltuscd her, «ud looked iuqoirmgly at the biushiug face. ' I did uot II tier myself iliac yuu w-utoiJ to sue n.e.' he sail), iibiuntlv ' Hut W, intin<>>i«o nmi<>> to niiNtter for you.' ' What ia tho matter ?' alio inquired. 'You aro aoa'tond, Ilcllcsleigh.' 'So aruyuu/lio auid ; 'hut the clungo in mo proceeds irom illnevs ; yours is due to romeiliiug diffcreut, You have bccoiuu well, quiti a fainiouable young lady. 1 hoar,' ho added, asrcaa- ticully, 'that a few miuutcs uouvcrkaiiun with you ia deemed quite au honour.' Thie ia uot wiut Uo h «l origin illy iutunde 1 to aay hut, had hie life depeuded upou it he could nut resuain himself. Aud did y..u o.»me hora to aay those words to mt? ahe asked, her eyes filling wilh teura. 'I do utt think that I duuurved them from you. My couBcit'oco acquits me.' ' l'arduu inu, ' ho said— 1 hivo been eo long ill. arid am so irntobio, I hardly know somotiinos what I aay. I am oxctediugly sorry I hurt your feeling ; 1 was Iu hopca that you would aay you wero glud to seo mo— eiok people are so fuuuilul.' Hur onawor waa to put both her hands in hia, but she could not tpeak, I am koepiog yuu from your partners,' lieiaul, after a minute's aiieuee, and he tuok her card Irom bur baiid uud road it. Come, you must go back tu tbe dancing-room ; I havo not returned to iutcrfero with your pleasures.' She tuok i he e«rd, tore it iut9poieos, and throw tlu-in ut her feot. 'I »hail o nuo and sue you to morrow,' he said, afier an aukwaro pauio. 'I Irnidly kuow ynu under all this littery, Milly aud hu touohed tbo tioweia tu her huir, Tell iuu wtia Umb beeu the mailer with you ?' eh o plt-adtd. He told her how' he had lain many months exceedingly ill, and that he had only just reached EugUud, baviug been too we«k up to the prtaeut to 'Tuiais my first appearance iu a dress coat,' bo added, atmiiug at hia figure, uow become eo ibiii that tho coat huug iu lulds aud creasus About him. . ' Poor fellow 1 sho said, softly, ' I thought you wore tirod uf writing when you aeuat-d to ml-iiii mo auy letters ; and aa the lost throo I wrote to you were returned, I concluded that you were off waodering agaiu.' I must go now, Milly, for I am very tired ; but to inorrow I kball call for uiy letters ; and you will wuit iu the house uutii I coino, wou't you ? Good oight, my - dear i' aud ouco tuore he kieied the hluoiuiog face. ' -Iiiey oiuis out of the conservatory, and found >\ riothcsley still on guard. The interview had not beeu all thut ho had meant It to 'he; but that was uot Mildred's fault. Tueu Sir Hellusleigh weut noine, or ratucr to dim hotel, All the ucxi day Lady Eltham rooiuincd iu<doors waitiug for htr huMhand, but be did uot appear. Evening camo, aud with ituo message. Tbe next dsy pasmd iu the »auie way, aud Mildred grew very uut-asy. Sometimes she thought that ho might bo ill ; at ulheis that ho had Ueliberatoly turned his buuk oilce mure ou Eogi.ud and her. When it came tube the third day, aud uo tidings ofbiiu had arrived, she could uot est uor . settle to auy employment. She had forgotten to ask him where! hu hum hUyiog : how cxci-ediugly stupid of her At Isst theru hum a kuuek ut the hull uoor ; sh could hardly resiruiu her unpaticnco to go duwu and Miswir it. It was ouly Mr. Wriothesley, 'H'ivo, yuu seou him ?' she nuked, imploriugly, 4 Hab hu goue away ugalu without lelltug ure ?' 4ll you mcttu Hellesiotgli, L«dy Eltham i kuow uutbiug about Iriui. You eaw bim yourself on 'i'ucaduy, I suppose, snd I have beeu too busy to look after stray husbands, ' iiiutl bsvu uotaeeu him since that night,' ahe exeLimed, impatieutiy. Oh wun't yen go and nwuu. uiui iu. hid | x uw uo tjvvu kuuw where be t« etayiog. 4 . , 'Not aeou hiui siuce 1' oriud Wriothesley ; 'that judecd altera 'the caao. Come,' he .said, . kiudly, leading hur iuto the ;drawiug-ruom, 4sit dowu for bqlf au hour, aud I.wUi bring you tidings,' - lie was at- tto Laugham Hotel. "( , , It ueemed au age to hbr till l?e oame back, and she weut dowu to meet bim ia tbe ball. -'He Is Ut again,' aaid Wriothealey. ' He made too muoh oxortlou tbe other uight. He sent you his love, aud asys that if hu could have come he would.' Is be confined to bia - bed ?' aaked Lady Eltham. ' Yes,' replied Wriothealey, as ho drow ber into tbe diujqg.room. alarine.l, ' . . ' I fear so,' he ausworcd, gravely ; ' I gathered as much from bis servant.' May I go lo him f What did he aay ?' ' Tbat ia for you to judge, as bo said -very littl ' ouo way or the other. He asked about you, aud why you bsd uot sent to inquire for bim. I told him you did uot know where : to ;ttnd him. Now what will you dot TO BB CONT1NUKD. 