WIT AND HUMOR. GENERALITIES. First Tramp—" There ain't agoin' to be good livin' for our perfession in the future, I'm afeard." Second Tramp—" Blow me ; Ws that?" First Tramp—"It's this 'ere civilisation. These cookin' schools is teachin' gals 'ow to use up the old wittles." Examiner—"I am surprised that you all have made mistakes in answering the question, ' Where was Magna Charta signed V Think it over. Can no one tell me ?" Little boy (at bottom of class)—" I can, sir." Examiner— " Well V Little boy—" At the bottom of the page." Bullfinch—" I understand, Dramaticus, that you are writing a play." Dramaticus—" Yep, I have that honor." "Got it nearly done?' " Well, yes; the most important part of it. I haven't started on the play itself yet, but I have nearly finished my speech of surprise when I am called out between tbe acts." "There is a certain young lady deeply interested in me, and, while I like her, you know, still I never could love her. I want to put an end to it without breaking the poor girl's heart. Can you suggest any plan}" She—" Do you call there often ?" He—" No, indeed. Not any oftener than I can possibly help." She—"Call oftener." At a Glasgow theatre, after the impressive performance of Irving'* " Hamlet," attention was drawn to the effusive delight of a young lady, who was thus trying apparently to show her gratitude to the gentleman upon whose arm she was resting. " I've had a real good time, George," said sh*, " and it is a real lovely play ; it's BO full of quotations." An anecdote is related of a certain Methodist parson who was loudly inveighing before a ministerial assembly against schools of theology, and finished by thanking God that he had never " rubbed bis back up against one." " Do I understand the brother to aay that he thanks God for his ignorance J" asked the Bis hop. " Well, yes, if you want to put it that way," he replied. " Then all I have to add," said the Bishop, " is that the brother has a great deal to be thankful for." ' An amusing story is told in a French paper of Mustapba Pasha, formerly the Turkish Ambassador at Berlin. At his reception he was in the habit of giving a sweetmeat to each of his lady visitore, but on one occasion he pre sented tbree to the same lady. Flattered by the unusual attention, she begged a friend, who spoke Turkish, to ascertain the reason of this preference. The ambassador's explanation was very simple : " It was because her moutb is nearly three times as big as that of the other ladies." An amateur dramitic company gave a performance a few nights ago. The piece was "Hamlet," and Gus Soobberly ployed 4he Ghost. Qua expressed Irs lack of confidence in himself, but the manager reassured him by saying—" Now, Gus, all in the world you ba»e to do is to coma on and say, ' I am thy father's ghost, 1 and you must do it in a deep, sonorous voice." Gus said be would try and do his best. When the ghost's turn came, be spoiled the tragic tffect of the whole performance by saying, " I am thy father's ghost, and you must do it in a deep, sonorous voice.'* "I want some more chicken," said fouryear-old Frances at the dinner table. "I think yon have had as mnch as ia good for you, dear," said Frances' aamma. " I want more." And Frances pouted. "Yon can't have more now; but here is the wieh-bone that you and mamma can pull. That will be fun. You pull one side and I'll pull the other, and whoever gate the longer one can have her wish come true. Why, baby, von've got it. What was your wish, Frances V " I wished for some more chicken," said Frances promptly. She got it this time. A story is told of 0. J, Byron's wretchedness when his play "Daarer than Life" was pro dused. At the end of tbe second act tbere was a Jong delay, and the audience grew very impatient. " What in the name of goodness are they doing V asked a critic of ihe author. " I don't know," moaned Byron. At this moment tbe sonnd of a saw at work behind the curtain could be distinctly heard. " What are they doing now, my dear Byron V said the ciitic. fluro the authors keen sense of humor «amo.to the reecu«. " I thiuk," he said, " il oy ' must be cutting out the last act." 