LOCAL NEWS. The Extra Sheets to the " Mercury."-The third sheet of this day's paper contains-Advertise- ments ; Poetry "The Difference, " continuation of tales " Beryl Star's Trials," and " The Mystery of the Mountain ¡" " Christmas Eve round the Camp Fire ;" by Mark Antony ; Land Notices ¡ Eternal Vigilance.-The second sheet contains-Advertise- ments; Sporting Gossip by the Vagrant ; Bundella Races ; Items of Interest; Editorial Articles; Maitland Hospital- Annual meeting; Porphyry; On Critics and Criticism ; Quarter Sessions and District Courts in 1892 ; Old Documents ; Mercury junior; The National Association; District News -Greta, Camberwell, Paterson, Goulburn River, Rix's Creek, Branxton, Glendon Brook, Stewart's Brook ; Russell Separation Suit ; Original Corres- pondence ; Official Correspondence. Crushed Cricketers.-During the week some- one connected with the Newcastle Half-Holiday Cricket Club was struck with the brilliant idea that it would be a very nice way to pass Thursday afternoon if a few of the city lads journeyed to Maitland and give the cricketers of that buccolic village a bit of leather hunting. The brilliant thinker is sorry now that he was not struck with something more weighty than one of his own ideas. However the men from the seaport gave the Maitlanders fair warning and invited them to get as good a " pick-up team" as possible. The local luminary responded by collecting such duffers as Henry Tegg, Sep. Cummins, Leny Moore and a few of that ilk. The visitors went to the wickets first and greatly to their own satisfaction totted up 99 runs before they left. The " pick-ups" began badly for Cosstick only made 5 before he retired to the cool shadows of oblivion and McNulty's, but then Tegg and Cummins got together, and belted around in a manner that would have melted old Tracey or Sam Cosstick to tears and they did not stop until Tegg had put together 104, not out, Cummins being not out with 56 to his credit, the pair thus proving that the bat is smitier than the sword in making runs. Mercy inclines us to draw the veil over the subsequent proceedings. The Crops at Hinton.-As a result of the excellent season the crops about Hinton are remarkably luxuriant, green, and promising, whilst the farmers are smiling in unison with their thriving fields. Some of the agriculturists who did not believe that full advantage was taken of the splendid soil at their disposal, put a considerable area under wheat, many of them, however, confess- ing that it was more by way of experiment and for the hay than with any hope of an ultimate crop. It is gratifying to learn that in all cases they were agreeably disappointed, for the rust kept off, and we are informed that in many instances very heavy crops of full, round, and hard grain were raised. Protection, we suppose, will get the credit of this. Wonderful Timekeeping.-Tears of trial have proved that the Reliance Keyless Lever Watch stands far ahead of all others. They stand hard riding because they are Levers, as thousands of testimonials prove. They have all the advantages of costly watches, and avoid all complications. Being simple in construction they seldom get out of order, and are never costly to the owner. Repairs rarely cost more than 2s Gd and never exceed 5s. Cases are dust-proof, and wind and set hands with- out opening. Price increased by new Customs duties to 33s, post free. J. Hart, Maitland only. -3000 Lantern Lecture at East Maitland,-On Wednesday evening at the Mechanics' Institute, the Rev. J. E. Carruthers by request of the East Mait- land circuit rendered Charles Dickens' Christmas story " Marley's Ghost." The Btory, highly imagin- ative and of good practical moral tone, and the ap- propriate lantern illustrations, ghostly, and other- wise, were much appreciated, as were also some beautiful English winter scenes, which almost cooled the air, and gave the ladies' fans a rest, until Mount Vesuvius was displayed in one of its wrath- ful outbusts of flame and molten lava, when the air grew hot again. At the close the Rev. J. A. Waddell proposed and Mr. T. Baufield seconded a vote of thanks to the Rev. J. E. Carruthers coupling with the vote the name of Mr. Graham, who had manipulated the lantern. West Maitland Police Coobt.-Messrs. Brooks, P.M., and H. Crothers, J.P., disposed of the business at the West Maitland Police Court on Thursday. Andrew Johnson was charged that he did ride a horse through High-street in the town, of West Maitland so furiously that the safety of one William Cruise was actually endangered. He pleaded guilty and Senior-constable Grimshaw stated that the man was apparently endeavouring to get out of a Btorm that threatened, but was riding very furiously. 'Défendait was fined 20s; with 4sl0d costs of court. Entertainment at Hinton.-On Tuesday evening Monsieur Thiodon will occupy the School of Arts, Hinton, when he will for the nonce convert it into " a Temple of Magic," and will then give exhibitions of his marvellous facts of legerdemain. M. Thiodon will be assisted by several well-known musical amateurs. Thb Lighthouse is a blessing to all seamen. The Lighthouse Kerosene Oil is a blessing to all lands- men. Gives most light. Saves the eyes. 7796 Painful Accident.-On Tuesday afternoon u young man John Woodward met with an accident at Cooranbong, the marks of which he will carry to the grave. Woodward is a bushman or sleeper getter, and on Tuesday afternoon was on his road home with some mates, one of whom carried an axe on his shoulder. This man slipped in the act of leaping a gutter, and Woodward, who was immedi- ately following, also jumped, but he struck the axe with his face, the result being that he sustained a terrible wound, which extended from the centre of one cheek to well into the other, the cut being some five inches in length ; the bridge of the nose and cartilages were also divided so much that the lower portion of the proboscis could be lifted clean off the face. Senior-constable Vizzard, whose mili- tary training made his services useful, kindly volun- teered to temporarily sew the wound up, but these Woodward, who was in great agony, declined to accept, and the unfortunate young fellow had to remain without medical assistance until late in the evening, when he was driven into Newcastle. Cogill Brothers' Comedy Speciality Com- pany.- The largest audiences we have ever seen in the old Victoria Theatre greeted the Cogill Brothers on their first visit to Maitland some years ago. And the company proved equally popular in -subsequent seasons. There should be no doubt therefore that on Monday and Tuesday evenings, when it will appear at the Town Hall, a repetition of former successes will be witnessed. The en tertainment is a variety entertainment of the amusing order, in which the audience is given abundant incentives to hearty laughter and the opportunity of hearing favourite songs. Negro comicalities, dancing, character sketches, and vocal selections by ladies and gentlemen, make up the programme. Maitland readers will be glad to know that the sterling comedian, Billy Bent (to use the familiar cognomen) is numbered with the com- pany. The advertisement elsewhere supplies business particulars. * They Sat-That Gotjlston & Company must be mad-quite mad-to sell at the slaughtering prices they are selling at. Just fancy, White Calico Is doz. ; Boys' Suits, 2s Gd ; piles of Dresses, 2a lid doz.; Boys' Shirts, Gd each; and heaps of other surprising bargains. 5000 Cycling.-Mr. A. E. Selby, member of the Speedwell Bicycle Club, left Sydney on the 15th inst. at 2.40 p.m on a tour to the Northern towns. Windsor was made for tea. A start was made on the 16th inst., and Wiseman's Ferry was made for dinner, and St. Albans was reached for tea. -On the 17th inst. he left St. Albans, and arrived at Wollombi that evening. Wollombi was left on the 18th inst., and Broke made for dinner ; he again pushed on, and ruado Singleton at 4.20 that evening. Singleton was left on the 20th inst. at 2.40 p.m., and Maitland made for tea. According to his cyclometer, the total distance registered was 173 miles; actual riding time being 29 hours. He describes the roads as being very bad, accpmpanted with thunderstorms, but fine scenery. He wa« mounted on a No. 3 new Rapid Safety, fitted with cushion tyres, which stood the roads wonderfully well. It is his intention to ride to Newcastle and return to Sydney per rail. To Piano Büyerb.-You will do well to inspect our stock of Neufeld Pianos. They will be found all first-class in style, tone and finish. They are imported direct from the celebrated maker " who received the last appointment to the Imperial I Court of Germany," with tho special understanding that the maker is responsible for the lasting 'quali- ties of every instrument we handle. All are made of best materials, full-iron frames, and thoroughly seasoned timber, without which they can never stand this climate. J. Hart, of West, Maitland, has a complete assortment of every model to select from, at maker's prices for cash, or liberal time payment. Illustrated sheets, post free. SOOq Ceicket -Lovera of bbe grand old game will have an opportunity of witnessing a good tnateh on the Albion Ground on Anniversary Day, when a team representing the Maitland district will meet fifteen selected from the Scone, Muswellbrook, and Singleton diBtrictB The game will start at 10 30 a m , and a small charge of sixpence n ill be made m order to defray expenses The following players 7ill endeavour to uphold the reputation of this dis- trict -W. Moore, W Lipscomb, L Moore, S Cummins, H Tegg, A Giles, R Rutherford, B Shaw, A Terry, J Moore, D Pryor, J Kerrigan (12), G Cosstick (13) A match 2nd Albions v Moropeth is to be played at Morpeth to day for the Junior Badge The following will represent the 2nd Albions who have a handicap ofithree men 'Bus will leave Watson's Hotel at 1.30 sharp, Harden, L Jacob, Pedder, Wat3on, W Lindsay, Scobie, Wilkinson, Colyer, W Thompson, Howell, Hayley, Nash, Crutch Braggctt, J Lindsay (15), H V Jacob (16) The Pound Yards at Merriwa -Mr T H Williams, momber for the Upper Hunter, has favoured us with the following letter which he had received :-Department of Mines, Stock Branch, Sydney, 19th January, 1892. Sir,-I have thp honor to inform you in reply to your letter of the 15th in3t., that the sum of .£20 is available for re- pairing the Pound yards at Merriwa, and will be paid to the contractor for the work on receipt of voucher for that amount certified by the bench of Magistrates that the work has been completed.-I have, &c;, Alex. Bruce, Chief Inspector of Stock. The Hedgehog Found Useful.-It has long been the opinion of naturalists and others that the " fretful porcupine," or hedgehog, was a mysteri- ously useless species of animal, whose mission on earth appeared to be to provide artistic pen-holders and to consume beetles, slugs, and snails, and so gunerally was this recognised that the queer look- ing little things came to be looked upon with a 1 certain amount of abhorrence. However, it seems the devil is not so bad as painted, as Mr. James Phillips, of Vacy, informs us he has discovered the hedgehog doing the farmers in his vicinity a good turn which deserves their preservation instead of destruction. The locality about Vacy has for a con- siderable time been infested with a big rank weed locally known as " blue thistle" which has been found a great nuisance to cultivators, but if the hedgehog is allowed, it promises to exterminate this thistle, root and branch. The animal has acquired a strange taste for the weed, and after eating the top growth the hedgehog follows its propensities for burrowing, gets at the root and then consumes that. Mr. Phillips has seen the animal at work on his own ground, and there can be no mistake in the matter. The Glut in Sheep.-Now that the production of sheep has become a matter of price only, it can- not be too well known that one of the most useful time and labour saving articles of modern times is the improved Binocular Field Glass. They take in a very large field, and are instantly focussed. A sheep may be seen readily from four to six miles. Price, 20s., 25s., 30s., from J. Hart, W. Maitland. They will save you many a run, and are fast be- coming a necessity to all engaged in pastoral pursuits. 30oO New Music.-One of the joint secretaries of the Maitland Philharmonic Society, Mr. Hubert Hill, has entered the lists as a composer. Mr. W. T. Poulton sends us " A Day Dream ; Berceuse for the Pianoforte." This piece of music is harmonious, and the opening melody is very pretty. The second part suddenly changes the key from G to C, and is a complete contrast to the first, and requires careful playing. The return to the first theme is pleasant, and well expresses the character not only oí a dolcefar niente, or day dream, but also that of a lullaby, or cradle-song. The work is tastefully got up, and correctly printed, with one exception, where C sharp is omitted in the seventh bar of the third page. Mr. Hill has reason to be proud of his first effort, and we hope he will be encouraged to go on, as his composition is decidedly pleasing, and ib well within the power of moderate players. West Maitland Co-operative Baking Society (Limited).-Shareholders in the above Society will notice by an announcement in our business columns that the dividend declared by the above Society will be payable on Thursday next. Shareholders are requested to call or send for same between the hours of 7.30 and 9.30 on that evening. Musical Lecture.-An interesting subject is provided in the lecture announced for next Wednesday evening, under the aus- pices of the Philharmonic Society. The lec- turer, Mr, Henry J. King, is well known in Melbourne as one of the leading musicians of that city, both as organist and conductor, and he has also won fame as composer of the Centennial Cantata, produced at the opening of the Melbourne Exhibion. The subject "Mozart and the great school of Austrian composers," is one that, properly handled, should prove of great advantage to listeners, not only as a source of musical knowledge but also as a means of of enlarging the appreciative power of many who cannot readily unravel the hidden beauties of "classical music." Mr. King is reported to be a good lecturer, and will probably meet a large audience. He is Not Holding a Sale.-W. R. Sullivan, the Cheap Cash Draper, is not holding a " sale," but he asks every one to compare his all-the-year round prices with the present advertised prices, and see where the value comes in. All goods ticketed outside his establishment the same price as they are marked inside. Reliable goods at low prices always at Sullivan's. The balance of summer goods in all departments, at a big reduction to clear before the season closes. Please note removal of business from next Croyle's Hotel to the Bank Arcade, next Bank of New South Wales, High street, West Maitland. 3456 Morpeth Police Court.--Yesterday was the ordinary sitting day of magistrates at the Morpeth Police Court* It was announced that there was no business to be transacted. Sale op the N. J. C. Privileges.-The sale of the privileges of the Northern Jockey Club for its meeting on Tuesday and Wednesday next was con- ducted by Messrs. Brunker and Wolfe, at Main's Hotel, on Thursday afternoon. The gates went to Mr. T. A. Onus for ¿64 15s ; Mr. A. E. Wiebe pur- chased the grandstand and outside booths for ¿10 5s, and £5 15s respectively ; the books went to Mr. E. Tipper for ¿12; the stalls fell to Mr. Lay butt for £2 15a ; and the games of chance brought the total up to ¿101, less than at the previous two days' meeting, but the falling off was in the price of the gates. Gunnedah Stock Movements and Passings. January 19: 4300 fat sheep, D, obikin to Fleming- ton. January 21: 1100 store bullocks, Beaufort (Q.) to Muswellbrook ; 1530 store ewes, Killarney, auction, Gunnedah, Bacon and Co., agents. Truckings:-January 15 : 495 fat sheep, Bando to Flemington ; 360 fat sheep, Bando to Maitland ; I 500 fat sheep, Kibah to Maitland ; 102 fat sheep, Albion to Maitland; 309 fat sheep, Albion to Flemington. January l8: 24 calves, Cala'a to Darling Harbour. January 19: 400 sheep, Pul- laming to Flemington; 22 fat cows. Gunnedah Station to Flemington-Bacon and Co.fagenta. The Sale op Sales.-Our readers will do well to peruse the advertisement of Wolfe, Gorrick, & Co. in this issue, and bear in mind that the Firm's Monster Cheap Drapery Sale starts on Wed- nesday Next, 27th inst., and lasts for 21 days. A genuine bargain sale, and no mistake, and all articles of rare quality. 533 The Hunter River Cricket Association.-A meeting of this Association was held en Thursday evening at Main's Excelsior Hotel, High-street. There was a good attendance, and in the absence of the President, Mr. John Gillies, M.L.A\, Mr. Percy I Waddy, a vice-president, was called to the chair. Final arrangements for an association eleven to play fifteen of Singleton,-Muswellbrook, and Scone i on the Albion Ground on Tuesday next were made. A dispute between the Albion Cricket Club and the Pearls in reference to a cricketer in the district who was chosen to play with the Albion Olub recently was decided in favour of the Pearl Club, the meeting being of the opinion that a person residing at Morpeth could not play with a West Maitland club without having at first obtained permission from the association. The disputed badge match in which the Branxton and Second Eleven East Maitland met was considered. The decision arrived at was that the game should be again played on neutral ground, and that the badge committee appoint two umpires for the match. Dubbo Weather Report.-The weather during the week has been fine. The country around' looks well, and the late rains have not only made water bnt put out the bush fires. The market for stock is glutted and sheep are scarcely saleable. ' Register of Medical Practitioners.-A sup- plement to the Gazette dated January 11 contains a list of the medical practitioners who have been duly registered in New South Wales. The Late Mr. Danson.-We understand that a movement baa been started to raise a monument over the grave of the late Rev. Thomas Danson, who was drowned in the Hunter River some time since in peculiarly sad circumstauces. The matter is being taken up very warmly, and the proposal is to place a broken marble column over the grave, ia the Wesleyan Cemetery at Oakhampton. Collision in High-street.-Yesterday morning au occurence happened in High- street, which might have been attended with serious conse- quences were it not for the energy displayed by a bystander. A vehicle drawn by a spirited horse, was allowed to remain stationery in front of a business house, when the horse took fright and bolted. The vehicle to which it was attached was brought into contact with a hawker's cart. The latter was overturned, and the contents scattered about the roadway, but ho further damage was done. Sale of Crown Lands at Maitland. - A sale of Crown Lands was conducted at East Maitland on Wednesday by Mr. W. F. Robertson, local agent. Some thirty lots were submitted to competition, and the majority were passed in. The following sales were effected. 1 rood 28 perches, and 1 rood 29 perches, county of Northumberland, parish of Gosforth, at £5 7s and £5 5s to Mr. John Murphy. 1 rood 29 perches in the same county and parish, at £5 to Mr. James Vile ; three lots each in area 2 roods, at £5 per lot, to Mr. John Murphy, sen. ; 2 roods in the same county and parish, at the upset price of £5 to James Kay. Forfeited Conditional Leases.-The Gazette Supplement of January 15 contains a Schedule of conditional leases which have been forfeited. Official Appointments.-Mr. Charles Robert- son, J.P., emergency officer of the Department of Justice, is to act as Police Magistrate at Narrabri, visiting Pilliga and Wee Waa, during the absence on official dutv of Mr. J. F. Kenyon, Police Magis- trate. Mr. Robertson will also act as district registrar in bankruptcy, and as visiting justice to Narrabri goal. New Polling Place.-Moparabah has been ap- pointed a polling place in the electoral district of the Macleay. Celebration ok Marriages -The Rev. James Hogan, residing at Hamilton, in* the diocese of Maitland, has been duly (registered for the celebra- tion of marriages in connection with the Roman Catholic Church. East Maitland Police Court.-Yesterday, at the East Maitland police court, beforj Messrs. J. N. Brooks, P.M., and Dr. Wright, J.P., Lyall Graham was charged with having been drunk and disorderly in High-Btreet, Largs, on Monday even- ing. He pleaded net guilty, and asked for a post- ponement till the 29th instant to enable him to secure the attendance of witnesses. He was likewise charged with insulting behaviour. In this case he made a similar request. The bench granted the postponement. Thjy wonder how can Goulbton & Company sell their Drapery and Clothing at the ridiculous low prices that they are now selling them at. We have no objection to let you into the secret. It is this-. Some Sydney merchants wanted money. Goulston and Company have the spot cash, and they bought the drapery at their own pnces. 5000 Horse Sale at Gunnedah.-Oa Thursday next there should be a very large attendance of horse buyers and fanciers generally at Bacon and Co's yards. Gunnedah, when that firm will offer for sale over 270 head of horse of all classes, sizes, and qualities. Many of the consignments are from' good breeders, and amongst them are 12 of Mr. Goodwin's noted breed of ponies, which may be equalled by few but excelled by none in the colony, so that altogether with the known demand for animals of a good class. We expect to hear of brisk competition. They will also offer 8900 ewes at auction on the same day.-Communicated. Sale of Plant, &c;, Ivanhoe Vineyard.-The attention of speculators, winegrowers, and others is directed to the sale, by Mr. A. Vindin, on Tuesday morning next, at ten o'clock, on the premises, Pokolbin, of the whole of the working plant of the Ivanhoe Vineyard, together with the stock of casks and about 6000 gallons of wine in the insolvent estate of Stephen Bros. This being a bona fide clearing-out sale, everything submitted must be sold without reserve.-Communicated,. Metropolitan Hotel, King-street, Sydney. Noted for superior catering, high- class liquors, good cuisine, and moderate charges. 9025 Sale op Land at Gresford.-We direct atten- tion to the sale, by Mr. F. G. Brooker, at Beattie's Hotel, Gresford, at two o'clock this (Saturday) afternoon, of 203 acres of first-class grazing land (c.p.), all fenced, ringbarked, and subdivided into two paddocks, within one mile of Gresford ; of 133 acres of c.p. lend, with cottage residence, fenced and ringbarked, and watered by two dams, near Gresford, and adjoining the properties of Messrs. Boydell and Lindeman ; and of a large block of land, about 1 acre, in the township of West Gres- ford, with cottage, stable, goods-shed and other outbuildings. See advertisement.-Communicated. Saleop Fbehhold Properties.-We would remind capitalists, speculators, farmers and others that an important sale of landed and house properties will take place at the sale rooms of the auctioneers (Messrs. Brunker and Wolfe), High- street, West Maitland, this (Saturday) afternoon, at two o'clock. First in importance.to be submitted will be that magnificent agricultural and grazing property known as " Westbourne," (65 acres), now in the oc- cupation of Mr. Robert Jacob, within easy distance of West Maitland, portion of the well-known Bol- warra Estate, having an extensive river frontage, and substantially improved with 9-roomed cottage, outbuildings, orchard, and vineyard. Also, a splen- did block of land, fronting the Paterson road, por- tion of the Lorne Estate, and a two-storied weather- board dwelling-house and shop, corner of Rose and Cross streets, West Maitland. For additional par- ticulars see advertisements in another column. Communicated: Important Land Sale at Toronto.-We would direct the attention of speculators, gardeners, and others to the sale, by Mr. G. T. Edwards, on Tues- day next (Anniversary Day), on the ground, Toronto, of the unsold allotments of Toronto and Fennell's estates. These allotments are charmingly situated on the shores of Lake Macquarie, the Brighton of New South Wales, and are well adapted either for gardening or for building purposes. For the c onvenience of Alaitland visitors, special trains will leave Newcastle for Toronto after the arrival of the Northern train at Newcastle. For terms and other particulars see advertisement in another column.-Coinmuiticaied. To Frugal Housewives.-A new white metal is now used in the manufacture of Spoons and Forks that has quite taken the place of all others on the large English mail steamers. They are finished equal to the best silver, and as they are solid white throughout there is nothing to wear off, do not stain or corrode, and are easier to clean than any other. J. Hart, Silversmith, of West Maitland, has sole right, and by direct importation from the patentee offers them at the wholosale prices-Table Spoons and Forks, 13b. 6d. ; Dessert, 10s. Gd. ; Tea Spoons, 5s. 6d. per doz. Order per post. These, with our Best Double-refined Steel Table Knives at 13s. and Breakfast 9s. 6d. per doz,, make a table look equal to the best in the land. 3000 