The Adbertiser WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 21,1892. There has been a, free-trade demonstra- <*> tion in Melbourne. After that anything in the form of a popular movement is pos- <*> sible. We may bear next that some group of faddists has got up a sensation in favor of resuming State-endowed immigration, or of Uie encouragement of General Booth, or of opening our doors to the Chinese. For any of these objects a committee of organisers could easily be got together, and it would only be neces sary for them to work the thing up in the regular way and provide suitable attrac tions to gather a big crowd. This is what a Landful of Melbourne citizens have done. The demonstration was care fully prepared for, and every cttort put foriii to make it a success. The chief item iv the bill of fare was a speech by Sir Henry P?rkes, and whoever thought of bringing iv that element may beyjeredited with showing real genius. It v tolerably certain that without the ex-Premier of New South Wales the meeting would have been a fizzle, but as he was secured an overflow ing audience wa? to be oertain ly relied upon. Sir If eury Parkes is a capital man to have on the platform from a manager's point of view. The reputation he has acquired as a public speaker is of itself sure to draw, .and he Las the faculty of racy and vigorous speech on any ordinary t"pic that goes well with an audience. Though by uj means choice in his language, aud, indeed, often coarse and vituperative, he nevertheless knows how to deal with Ins audience. Besides all that, his position as the veteran politician of the senior colony necessarily counts for a <;ood deal. Sir Henry was in fact the tramp card of the Melbourne committee of arrangement, and the result does credit to their astuteness iv playing him off as they did. There was a charming uncer tainty as to the line he would take, as there generally is, and it is by no means certain that the throngs which blocked Swanslou-street intended to indicate by their presence that they had any synii?athy with free-trade. Federation has come to be regarded as the supreme subject on which Sir Henry delights to instruct the populace, and it must have been generally expected that he would hold forth on his favorite theme. Such being the case the large attendance and the apparent enthusiasm are to be heavily discounted. Indeed, the bare fact that the chief speaker was drawn from another colony indicates the consciousness which the freetraders of Melbourne must have had of the local feebleness of their cause. Everybody has heard of Dobbs's mare, which was so weak that her owner had to borrow a neighbor's horse to help her to draw her last breath. The parallel between that historic animal and what ever may be considered as standing for free- trade in Victoria is not altogether complete, for the exploded theories and whatever embodiment they once possessed bare long ago lost all vitality. They have been dead and buried for several years without the slightest hope of a joyful or any other resurrection. All that this local sputter has done has been to call up a diaphanous ghost that nothing can clothe with skin and flesh or fence with bones and sinews. Even as it appeared on the platform of the Melbourne Town Hall, it seemed to shrink from sight and bide itself, as is the .wont of apparitions from time imme morial. The very line adopted by thel chief speaker showed that he knew he was { dealing with what was altogether vision ary and bad nothing tangible about it. This was indicated by his intimation that he did not propose to " meddle with the j affairs of Victoria." It was all very well i for him to say that he would deal with principles only and refrain from making a local application. That line of treatment j corresponds to the style of the clergyman who looked his congregation fall in the face while he denounced sin in the abstract, but when he came to 6peak of particular sins directed his gaze up into the ventilator. For the rest the speech was made up of thread-bare platitudes, mingled with sophistical allusions after the fashion in which Sir Henry Parkes is an adept. Altogether it is pretty evident that co far as the demonstration in favor of free-trade was concerned it means absolutely nothing when interpreted by the surrounding circumstances, and in the light of the fixed and settled policy of Victoria. The effect it will have on current politics aud the course of legislation will be simply nil. All the adroitness and finesse of its promoters will be as abortive as an attempt to hasten or retard the flow of the tides. The peg on which the whole of the demonstration was hung was the recent election of Mr. Grover Cleveland as President of the United States, and one of the principal resolutions was a message congratulating him on bis election, and expressing sympathy with his policy. One would like to be present when the cablegram reaches the president-elect, and to hear his comments upon it. Probably his first enquiry would be for the p*rri''"W place on the j map whence the message came. Indeed it is likely that the most important result j of the whole business will be to lead American statesmen to learn a little about Australian geography. The chances are that—being a busy man—Mr. Cleve land will dictate a courteous reply, and promptly diwnian the thing from his mind, bat should he happen to have his curiosity excited enough to turn up " Victoria" in some year-book he will find that the colony as a whole Las | folioweda consistent course, and flourished thereby. He will further find out that Sir Henry Parkes does not belong to that colony at all, and is discredited in his own. What value will he attach to the compliment after that? If he were disposed to be critical and candid he might very likely suggest to his corre spondents that they bad better not attempt to "meddle with die affairs of America," at least until they had acquired a clearer right to speak for their fellow countxyinen and had succeeded in giving practical effect to their views in their own hind. Altogether it may fairly be said that for Sir Henry Parkes to visit Vie-: toria, and for a Melbourne gathering under his instigation to send a congratu latory telegram to the future President of the United States, is one of the richest pieces of tomfoolery on record. The climax of bunkum was reached when Sir Henry referred to the delay in Australian federation as due to the work of "pottering politicians." The phrase is picturesque and worthy of pre servation—only it should be affixed in the right place. As Sir Henry Parkes is responsible for the delay in his own colony more than any other one man, he may as well be known for the future by the title which is of his own inventing. By his admirers he is known as the U.O.M. of Australia, but he has taught those who cannot be thus classified to call him a " pottering politician." The people of South Australia have every facility for becomitig acquainted with their Parliament in incorporate and its in dividual capacities. What it does is ac curately recorded iv the reports of its debates which the press presents. What it is the public can learn from sketches in our columns of scenes and incidents, from visits to the gallery, aud, last but not least, from those revelations which members themselves make of each other's lives and characters. Theo retically, Parliament is the nation in epitome. It v supposed to be composed of the best intelligence, the purest patriotism, the highest capacity for legislative and administrative worth, which each district can produce or return. But theory and practice do not invariably support each other, and probably least so iv the case of Parliament. At all events the Parliament which was prorogued at the close of last week, to be dissolved in due course somewhere about the Ides of March, hardly exhibited South Australia at its best. We believe the country was thoroughly tired of it, and was seized of the opinion that it was time its days were ended. The late session especially has a history many pages of which might for the credit of the country be obliterated with advantage. In fact, it lias suggested the thought that it would uot be au un mixed evil if one year at least could pass without a session of Parliament. If it were possible to tiud an Executive in whom the country could trust implicitly, even when relieved of the critical super vision of Parliament, the drying up of the springs of talk would nut create a desert. If a machine fails to do its work the fault may be in its mechanism, or it may be due to the fact that those who have the working of it are not fit for the task. Parliament is, as has been re iterated orer and over again, what the country makes it. The electors and the electoral districts must accept the respon sibility. If it is what it ought not to be the fault lies with them. The remedy also is in their own hands. Of the two Houses the popular one naturally attracts greater attention to its proceedings. Though the com position of the Upper House is radically changed there is still some thing in the genius loci —something in the traditions of the place, something in the sense of its special functions, which will be a guarantee against its becoming the scene of such exhibitions as the House of Assembly has placed before the country. That House is not without its traditions likewise. Its reputation for the conduct of business and the orderly character of its sittings at one time stood unsurpassed, we think unequalled, among Australian Legislatures. Not even those who are most jealous of its credit will ven ture to make such a claim for it nowa days. The most casual reader cannot fail to have noticed how incessantly the authority of the Chair is called upon to maintain order and decorum. Speeches made in die House read in our reports like discussions in committee, bo constant are the interruptions. The Speaker is driven to appeals to members to assist him in maintaining order. In the course of debate members do not scruple to describe brother members by epithets which if justified should ostracise them from the association of respectable people. And worse stall, we find a member of one House paying off old scores upon a member of another House, and vice versa, in distinct violation of all the decencies and rules of debate. Respect for the Chair seems a vanishing quantity. Otherwise it is hard to under stand the constant objections to its deci sions. If the objections were well founded the position would be more in telligible. But even then the, mainte nance of the authority of the Chair is of such incalculable importance that to ques tion it is a course only to be resorted to in cases where it would be culpable to sit silent. We are bound to say that as a rule these points of order are raised by those whose knowledge is best repre sented by a minus term, while many of them are not points of order at aIL That things ought not to be suffered to go on as in the past session must be the con clusion of every one who has the interests of the country and of its Parliament at heart. What the remedy is, and whence it is to come, we must leave to those whose special function it is to guard the proceedings in Parliament, and to reform the standing orders from time to time as experience suggests. There is one reform, however, the necessity of which die late session indicates most forcibly. Of all the absurd survivals of a privilege which has no longer a leg to stand on, that of debating everything and everybody upon the question of the Speaker leaving the chair for Committee of Supply is the most irrational. The same impediment to public business f*i<*fa in the case of the Committee of Ways and Means. When the Commons of England were really governed by a king, and most inadequately represented in their House of Parliament, the only means of getting redress of grievances was by refusing such grauts and aids as were beyond the prero gative of the Crown to enforce, unless grievances were brought up and their redress made the bargain for supply. In the nineteenth century when a country is absolutely self-govern ing, and when its popular House in effect assumes all the executive government, to run in double harness the thirteenth century with the nineteenth is, to say the least, incongruous. They do not match. Hours which if reckoned up would mount to days and weeks, are year by year wasted in talk which leads to nothing, while public business is delayed. It ought certainly to be possible by some standing order to put an end to this retention of an out-of-date usage which is not negatively harmless but positively mischievous. Another grave abuse is the constant attempts on the part of private members to pull the tariff to pieces bit by bit. However bad a tariff may be it is better to leave it in undisturbed action than to be changing it piecemeal. The tariff is a thing which, if it is to be dealt with at all, should be dealt with as a whole. And the only body competent to initiate changes of the tariff as a whole, as it is the only body constitutionally so en titled, is the Executive of the day. Private members are not in a position to know or judge of the effects of tariff revisions. Moreover, the Executive is, and private members are not, responsible for the finances. Bat it is not to rin?n«?l matters alone that undue interference is restricted. There is hardly a question of executive doty or function to which it does not extend. An absurd expression has come into use of late—that of the Govern ment taking Parliament, meaning thereby one House, into its confidence before doing some purely executive action. This is just what a Government has no busi ness to do, and Parliament no business to ask. The Executive of the day is placed in office by Parliament to do executive duty and accept the responsi bility of it, and take the consequences. The duty of Parliament is to watch how the Executive discharges its duty, and to visit it with penalties if it fails. If the country wishes itself to be well, wisely, and strongly governed, it will choose for its representatives men who understand this very elementary principle of consti tutional and Parliamentary government. The Premier left for Melbourne on Tuesday, end will be absent about a fortnight. The Government have communicated with several gentlemen with reepeot to their accept ing positions oq the Boyal Commiaiion on "tons ImalMivosotiet received wpli«6. All is going on in a satisfactory manner at the quarantine station on Torrena Island, while at Petersburg the directions of Dr. Whittell with respect to fumigation are being carried oat by the health officers. The Surveyor-General (Mr. G. W. Goyder), accompanied by Mr. Harris, the Oovrrumtsi Surveyor, left for Waverley on Tuesday after ooon to inspect the road survey in that locality. A meeting of members of the committee willing to assist in a canvass of the city jdcid neetion with the Broken Hill distress relief fund waa held at the Mayor's reception-room on Tu«dday, th« Mayor of Adtlaido presiding. There were also present Mr. li. M. Coarlea ton, M.L.C., Aliennan Buik, M.-ssra. C. H. Goodu, J. Vaxdon, li. I. Lawrence. J Viner Smith (treabim-r), and Mr. C. N. Colli son and Councillor Sim-aton (secretaries). Mr. Lawrence mentioned that he had received a private letter irom the Hill stating that clothes were mu'jh needed for the sufferers there. It was decided that the committee could not undertake to collect old clothes. The Mayor mentioned that he had been in formed that the Salvation Army intended to hold a luouster meeting in the Town Hall next week. There would aiso be a epeuUl day of gifts in connection with the army. The trea burer (Mr. .T. V. Smith) mentioned that sinoa late meeting the earn of £31 U. KM. had been received, the total now being £215 Is. 4d- Canvassers were appointed for the different districts of the city. Mr. J.^Viatr Smith has received a letter, dated December 17, from Mr. A. C. Topperwien, Mayor of Brokao IJtU, in which he says: —"I am in receipt of your esteemed letter of the 14th instant respecting statement by the lion. R. G. Baker re funds in hand of the Amalgamated Miner*' Association, and in reply thereto I forwarded a short wire to you thin morning. I have made enquiry from the A. ML A. offioera and find that the statement is untrue. The funds of the association are under £300, and their liabilities, exclu sive of amounts in connection with their accident fund dne to injured miners, ranging from £2 to 10a, per week, considerably exceed this amount, so that they are practically in* solvent It is a most difficult matter to ascertain what somber of people there are in need of assistance who were not connected with the onions, bnt the number must be consider able. The estimate X place upon it is one thousand." A week ago it was stated that the Attorney. General had an interview with Messrs- Nebbit, Culross, and Hollingdrake, with whom be had arranged to iutrodnoe a Bill to debus the objects and powers of the Benmark Irriga tion Colony. This measure was prepared with a view of promoting an amicable settlement of the dispute which has arisen between the settlers and die Mean*. Ciuffey Brothers, but Mr. Homburg states that Mr. Culross was mis taken when he concluded that the Bill would be at once introduced, because is was clearly pointed out that before the Govecnmeu* could assist in the matter they would have to be satisfied that the aett&n; had bees given an opportunity to read and express an opinion span the measure. The Attorney- General has carefully examined the Bill, the intention of which is also to render clearer the memorandum of association of the Irrigation Company and to amplify the objects far which it was formed. Another object is to give die directors clearer power to make rates and to prevent the diversion and fouling of the water. The Bill further creates a number of offence inthecase of persona damaging any of the irrigation works, and penalties are provided for several minor offences. The Attorney- General proposes to send the Bill on to the Crown law officers, and to ask them to advise whether the settlers are already bound by the memorandum of association for the payment of all water, or if the proposed Bill would create any additional liabilities to be borne by the settlers; and also whether the effect of the measure is merely to remove any doubt as to the power of recoveries rates, and whether the rating power is enlarged against absentees and settlers. The Government, as at present ad vised, am tut opposed to entering into an agreement with Messrs. Chaffey Brothers, the Irrigation Company, and the settlers, in ordei to give effect to any agreement which may have been arrived at for (he purpose of settling existing differences. Any promise to support the Bill was "?^* conditionally on its being a term of the agreement that Chaffeys would line the whole of the channels to ensure the better distribution of the water, to limit the rating, and also to set apart 2uC acres every year until 1,000 acres had been eet apart as a guarantee against any breach ol contract, bat none of these conditioac appeared in the Bill. The Government dc not iHopose to enter **^vtt any agEbement unles ample provision is made for the security of the aettlets. As to the Bill the Attorney- General is of opinion that aome ol itt penal lint are at present too severe, that some of the powers in relation to the levying of rates ebculd bo more clearly defined, and that the powen todietrain should not be greater than those possessed by the Commissioner of Waterworks. The proposed agreement into which the Bill is to be incor porated has not been forwarded to the Govern ment for consideration, but as soon as it baa been prepared and approved by die settlers the Government will consider it. Tie Customs receipt* from duties from July 1, 1892. to December 17,1892, total £26U,857 6s. 4d.. which ehowa a decrease of £25,608 iGs. Si. over the corresponding period of the previous term. fhe Inspector-General of Boads (Mr. C. T. Hargrave) last week visited the Fort Wake field and Lochiel road, the road from Price vii Kainton to BaskeriUe, die Pasfcevilleand Bute road, the toad from Bute to Port Broughton, and that from die latter place via Alford tc £adina. Wa returned to Adelaide on Monday. The Victorian Minister of Defence has been furnished with a report by Major Hannay on the defences of King George's Sound, together with a memorandum on the report by tfas military commandant, Major-Genetal TuUoch. Toe latter officer directs attention to the fact that the works have been completed as far as can be by Victoria, and it only remains tor West Australia to carry out the various items referred to by Major Hannay. The com mandant suggests dut the West Australian Government should be urged to lose no time in raising the required local force, both artillery and infantry. The garrison in die meantime is to be provided from the South Australian Per manent Artillery. In bis report Major Haunay cites die works completed, which are :—Em placements for breechioading guns, with cart ridge recesses, hue and shell recesses, and side arm racks; two magazines for breechioading guns and one for the field guns, laboratory, artillery store, submarine mining store and office, shed for field guns and for drill, married otSoers' quarters, married warrant officers' quarters, caretaker's quarters, barracks foi 28 non-commisaioned officers and men (in cluding canteen, recreation-room, horse and cart shed, 9.000 gallon underground tank and offices}, S acre paddook, cleared, fenced, and sown, 14E mile of mad cleared, fenced, and metalled, and flagstaff and nagbox erected. The total expenditure up to the time of Major Hannay's visit was £14,500. He favors a loot! proposal so "i?-W a bridle trade from Middle tou Beaoh to Point King, as he considers i 1 would be an advantage from a military point of view. It should, however, he considers, bf made rrw.?hiw for the field guns, and he eug gests die desirability of paying out of the mili tary rotes the difference between a bridle track and a road suitable for field guns, which should be considered as a military road. Range finders and other artillery store* are re quired and it id suggested that 1,000 sandbag should be provided for masking rocks and foi infantry defence generally. Copies of Majo: Hannay'« report have been forwarded to th< various Governments contributing to the cost of erecting the fort, with a suggestion that the manning and armament and other necessary pro visions for ?ac garrison might now be left in the hands of the Wast Australian Govern ment. Cape Town newspapers record die death o! Mrs. George DarreU, an actress well known ii Australia by her "'aTdftfi same as Mist Christine Peaohey. Mrs. Darrell was a native of Melbourne and received her first tuition for tne stage from ibh G. & 1& Lewis (Mies Roee Edotrin), of whose juvenile dramatic company she was 5 leading mem her. Of euch opportunities as she had for advancement she made the most, and at the time of her la?t appearance in Sydney aoout a year ago she evidenced pojee-eion of great taltnt, particularly in tragic parts. The keen test to which Mr*. Darren had looked forward, however—that of a London trial —was denied her, tor the engagements made by Sir. Darrell for the representation of some of bis dramas at % i principal theatre bad to bd postponed, and a company was organised to tour South Africa. Ac Johannesburg early in November ilrm. Daj-rell was prostrated by ao attack of dysentery, and on the Gth the died. The deceased lady had many friends in Australia, who will deplore ber early death, for she was only about 25 years old. Dealing with the silver question the Mining SUi.dard of December 17 writes:—Station ulver at the ratio of 15i to I of gold, it teeme that the United States holda 20 per cent, of the total silver coinage of the world; Great Britain and the colonies, 4 per cent; Frame, 23 percent ; Germany, T per cent.; Austria- Hungary, 3 3 per cent.; luly, Belgium, and Switzerland, 33 per cent.; Netherlands, 2-3 percent; Russia, 2 5 per cent.; India, 25 per cent; aud all other countries S per cent. Two sf the greatest holders, therefore, are the United States and India, and the argument which the Yankee authorities put forward is that the interests of Great Britain in India are co tremendous that it can never allow disrup tion to occur there by stopping the coinage of; Bilver there. The panacea they advocate | therefore is the adoption of bi- mctallism on a fired ratio between gold and silver. This they a low i* the only protection against the uni versal ruin which would impend were the vast national accumulations of silver thrown on the world's market. In arguing in this way it is very apparent that the wish is father to the thought. If there is one nation on the face of the earth which knows bow to take oare of it celf it ia the BritUh. They hare been traders and financiers for hundreds of years, and when it comes to a question of understanding how many financial beans make five they oan gene rally reckon the number up oomctly. P>ow it is a most singular fact that during the last 2u years the foreign trade of India has ju*t doubled itself, despite the depreciation of silver during that period, and that not the slightest desire is expressed by the natives for the abandonment of the present currency. The outcry in that reeptct comes from those engaged in the foreicn trace who have to cope with England in business transactions and from the Civil servants. Bat apart from them the fact remains that the Indian people do not ask for a gold currency, and the best testi mony obtainable on the subject v that it would only be by force that the people would forsake silver for gold. As India, then, will continue to be the great consumer of the metal, and as the United States dace not force its stores of silver on the market, there cannot be a tremendous collapse." Under the heading of " The Influx of afae Unemployed," the JTem Zealand Herald pub lishes the following telegram from Wellington: —"The Mararoa arrived from Sydney at 9 o'clock this morning, after a smooth weather passage of three days 15 hours. She brought 105 saloon passengers and 197 in the steerage. The majority of the latter are in search of work, and from enquiries on board it was ascertained that vessels leaving for New Zealand are rushed by unemployed, anxious to work their pas sage to this colony, with a view of seeming employment One and all give a doleful account of the labor market in the other colonies." Commenting on she matter, the Herald states that "although the steamship comi>anies are. bringing over from the Ana tralian colonies at low rates a number of passengers who think they have a better chance of getting employment in this colony than in the congested labor markets of Sydney and Melbourne, they are exer cising some degree of caution. Under the Imbecile Passengers Act, any pmsengm who may apply for relief a* a charitable aid board within 14 days after arrival in the colony renders the captain of the ship or its owner liable for importing' a pauper. In America the law is said to be stall more stringent—the period of liability extending to 12 tuonshc. Some of the members of the Auckland Chari table Aid Board are looking up the enact ments on die subject with a view to the law Against the importation of flVfiUiulo th^pkhw being strictly enforced." At tbe meeting of the Adelaide Corporation on Uooday she committee alluded in their report to the letter received from Mr. F. W. Btilloclr. who anted as retnming-omoer at fche reoent municipal elections, drawing atten tion to the inaocuraoy of the citizens 1 roIL The matter was referred to die city valuator, and he replied that the *^*— *rftpwriPw and omissions on the roll were due principally to his former clerk having been engaged by the corporation as rate collector and the new dark he had to employ being unaccustomed to the work. He asked that the matter might be oonsidend in as fair a light as powaibln. The committee directed that the letter* should be laid on the table and recommended that they should be taken into consideration after the court oi tension had been held. For the convenience of business men and others the Railway Commissioners have de cided to run a special train from Broken Hill to Adelaide, leaving on Saturday evening at 10 minutee past 7. The passengers who will embark at Largs Bay by the B MLS. Arcadia, which sails for London to-day, are:—For London—Mr. John Burkett. For Bombay—Mr. and Mrs. W. Tope. For Calcutta—Mr. A. Moiling and Mr. W. J. Ooote. For Albany—Mr. and Mrs. C. W. Walker, Captain Irwin, Messrs. H. Robin son, W. and D. Ouboroe, Mrs. and Miss VVighv. Mr. H. W. Mills and eon, Messrs. A. Munekton and T. Garstone, Mrs. Garstone, and M^« J. M^Lannlan. Complaints having been received from the Postmaster-General and the police by the Aflflaide Corporation the town clerk reported ?t the meeting of the City Council held on Monday that he had held enquiries into the conduce of a corporation laborer, who was aooosedof levying blackmail on persons fre quenting the Weot Park Lands, and the result was that the allegations had been proved. The public works committee recommended the immediate diemusal of the man, and gave instructions that he was not to be employed again, while Mr. Worsnop was also instrnsted to enquire into the conduct of two other corporation employes who were ""rwd of hlmftlrm«.ning. Plain-clothes Constable T. Wardley, of Roasfcll-tffcreet Barracks, Melbourne, is anxious to ascertain the whereabouts of a young man named John Klijah Butler, late of Hereford, England, who is entitled to money. The Mel bourne Ape saye:—The enqnirv is made on be half of the father of Butler. The missing young man, of whom Wardley has a photo graph, was hut heard of in Adelaide about two years ago, and is supposed to have come to Victoria. He is about 21 years of age. __^ The Adelaide Corporation have received a medal, struck by the Common Council of Xjondon to commemorate the visit of the German Emperor to England last year. On the obverse side are the portraits of (be Kmperor and the Empress of Germany, the inscription being—"Guilielmus 11, Im perator Bex." On the reverse side is an im posing female figure representing the City of Xiondon, her right hand resting on a throne, whereon is seated another female figure, Gf rmania, to whom she is pointing out the shipping in the Thames. Alongside the figure is a shield bearing the arms of the city, while Germ&nia;, who holds a sword in her left hand, has in her right a shield with the arms of Germany. A lion can be seen in the foreground, representative of Knglaud, and at the foot of the throne are two duvtxj, sym bolical of peace. Tbemasteof tbeshipsonthe river, and St. Paul's Cathedral in the citsy can alia be observed. Toe medal is an excel lent piece of work. MbStix. Thomas Cook & Son have arranged with the River Murray Navigation Company foraCaristmasexourEionupthe Murray, ua!!ing at Benmark, Wcntworth, and Mildura. The party will leave Adelaide on December 21 and will be away the whole of tho Cbr.'stouu. weuk, and the steamer conveying them «iK tike a day longer than usual in making the trip, so as to afford as opporta**' of visiting ba**> settlements and returning by the same boat. Messrs. Cook & Son have also provided Christmas and New Year excursions to Mopnt Gambier at popular prices, leaving Adelaide on the mornings of December 24 and December 31, and arriving at Mount Gamoier same evening. Alderman Whelan carried a motion in the City Council on Monday, by seven votes to five, that the Government should aauno an alteration to be made in the regulations of the Polioe Department ho that members of the force who are on midnight duty be exempt from attending drill on the following morning- It was agreed to forward the resolution to the Chief Secretary, who was asked to put it into practical effect. A 7-lb. cannon ball which was picked up by Mr. John Christie 35 years ago a very short distance from where the Cape Jervis lighthouse now stands, has been presented to the Adelaide Museum by Mr. M. Christie. The secretary of the Blind and Deaf and Dumb Inoiituton has received from Mr*. John-on (the matron) the turn of £22, bring the net proceed* of village fair held in the Brigbion Town liall on December 10 in aid of the institution. The Mayor of Port Adelaide, in accordance with hie usual auHtom, will provide Christmas dinner* for the poor of Fort Adelaide by dis tributing order* to the value of sa. through the ministers of religion m tbe district. Mr. J. H. Wetdenhofer offered for vale on Tuesday morning, at his auction mart, Carrie street, a large selection of Japanese curios, including Cloisonne and Satsuma vases, porce f lain tea teeo, plaques, bronzeft, and other I tasteful productions of Emttern art. A good many sales were effected, but the bidding was gener&liy; clack and a number of articles were pasted in. An electric light handicap will be ran at the Lord Melbourne grounds this evening. The annual meeting of the Bushman's Club will be held at the club premises this after noon. A meeting of the general committee of the Children's Christmas Cheer Fund will be held in the Mayor's parlor this afternoon. A juvenile Christmas fancy and produce fair will be opened in th« OddldloW Hall. Port Adelaide, by the mayor (Mr. C. Tucker) this evening. The Journeymen Butchers' Union of South Australia have forwarded us a oard conveying the greetings of the esanon, which they are sending to kindred bodies. The site for a booth publican's stand near the fountain, Colley Reserve, Glendg, in oonoeotion with Commemoration Day, will be sold at the Pier H^tel this evening. A vocal and dramatic entertainment in aid of the Birkenbead Bowing Club will be given by the Boyalivt Dramatic Company in the Port Adelaide Town Hall this evening. 