FLIGHTS AND DARTS. FBT ABBOW.I Here we are again! Buckled up with patience and fortitude against the troubles and trials of this peculiar old globe for another twelve months. D.V. Happy the | man or woman who has embraced the late holiday time with a good and tonical result. To many poor beggars the .late enforced idleness means simply an extra indebtedness to the butcher and baker, and our sympathy should be extended towards them, butcher and baker -included. I wonder how many have already broken the good resolves made on New Year's Eve! Poor human nature! always on the verge of improvement and amendment, till even a saint-like feeling steals across the human apparatus, and temptation is defied with courage supreme, until, all at once, something- comes along and upsets the whole apple-cart, and all the rich ripe fruit is floundering in the mud, and the individual again feels that he is simply human after alL There is not the slightest doubt of the truth of the saying " 'Tis better to be born lucky than rich." At the same time, it is a boon to partake of both from the day of advent into the world. There's Sir John Bray. What a happy fellow he must foe ! Agent General for South Australia 3 Who would ever have thought it some twenty years ago! Sniggers says if ever he takes another trip home to the old country, he knows Sir John will not dispise Him especially when he recalls to his memory many incidents of the past in which the new Agent-General has figured. I doubt if many of my readers have ever seen Sir John on the stage as a real live amateur actor. Tour bumble servant has, and enjoyed his acting, too. Old-time memories bring back to me the occasion on which he took the part of " Stout" in Bulwer's play of " Money/* with another Sir John, also a plain mister at that time, excelling himself in the part of " Graves." And wasn't the latter good, too ! Almost a dead copy of poor Charles Young, who made the character his own. Mot unlike in appearance, either! I fancy I can hear the "Sainted Maria" even now echoing through the long distance of time. But a : truce to these old and happy-time gather ings. Good-bye, Sir John Cox, and may good luck go with you. Your face is good for a fortune, and, notwithstanding you turned tail on the poor publicans, we all wish you God-speed. Mr. Hague, M.P., has had the courage to express his convictions on the matter of local option. He is seldom backward in doing so on any question he may have to tackle, and his conduct is also consistent with his expressions. For these reasons he is called over the coals by a fanatical party, who would, if they could, rule the whole universe and make it a greater hot-bed than it is at present, owing to their domineering conduct. Why does not the Alliance and Temperance etos carry out the principles they propose to adhere to and be a little more " temperate " in their remarks. I have heard it hinted, but cannot believe it to be true, that the English cricketers in the late match with the colonials never intended to win, and that it is all a money matter. The programme is for them to win l the next match, and then, of course, there will have to be a final one. If there is any truth in this report, may they never win another match and return home prepared to receive the coolest reception ever offered them. Sniggers says he can imagine the downcast looks of their patrons in Old England when the news of their defeat reached there. It seems a perfect disgrace that our old churchyards should be allowed to remain in such disorder. Poor old Sniggers, in the course of a melancholy fit during the holidays, took it into his head to ramble in : one of those ancient depositories situated in an eastern suburb of the city. His feeling of loyalty to an old and departed friend led him to the spot where the grave-mound was at one time discernible. But, ! he was unsuccessful in fixing upon the exact place. Not a mound was to be seen, and even an enquiry was unsuccessful in obtain ing the proper information. Even some of the tablets that had been erected were in a state of crookedness-one was broken in halves, another was lying fiat on the grave, and the whole place bore a most dilapidated appearance. What a nice, calm, patient feeling it produces to watch the various anglers of all sorts and shapes plying their delightful avocation at the sea-side. Old Isaac Walton must have been a second Job, as some of his followers undoubtedly are. To see the look of surprise that lightens up their features when they do get a bite, is a study for any pbysiogonomist. Ati^I when they do land a fish what a sensation it causes, t-o be sure! Talk about excitement! Why, to ascend in a balloon is nothing to it! Sniggers was watching one poor old fellow for over two hours, and he didn't have the ghost of a bite. To see the look on the old fellow's phizog was a caution. Sniggers couldn't stand or sit it any longer and he fell asleep, and dreamt the old fellow was trying to force the bait into his mouth. He woke up with a start, and there was the old fellow still'* fishing." The Sunday beer deprivation has already resulted in an increase of the evil which it was intended to allay. Parties of young men, to their own discredit, now make it a practice to take a ride sufficient miles distant so that they can come under the "travellers" category. Sniggers says he can do without his beer Sunday, Monday, or any day of the week, but he doubts whether this new Act will, in the long run, decrease Sunday drinking. You have already pointed out in a leader the injustice of passing the Act before the expiration of the present licenses. The intemperance of some individuals on matters of justice is a matter of deep regret- A chum of Sniggers's wants to know if the Government are going to provide some means for passing the Sunday in an intellectual manner as a substitute, because, says he, "We ain't going to be drov to a place of worship, if thafs whatthey are up to! If they want us to foe religious, why, they must give us Sunday eddication in the shape of lectures of the right sort," CABBURT'S COCOA. " A PERFECT FOOD Health." " Where are you going to. my pretty maid?' "To water the milk, kind sir" ) she said. ' 