A STORY OF MADNESS AND THE SUPERNATURAL. Deeming came before the public a little too late for Mr. Stead's Christmas ghost stories, but from a hint which the sensational Editor of the Review of Reviews has since dropped it is not unlikely he will yet be honoured with a place in another edition of his world-circulated, nerve - shaking anecdotes. What little is available as to the early career of Frederick Deeming is associated, whether correctly or not has not yet been determined, with a story of madness and the supernatural. Mrs. Deeming, the wife of Edward Deeming, brother of the prisoner, declares in an affidavit that his father died an imbecile in Tranmore Workhouse, Birkenhead, and Edward Deem- ing has deposed that his father frequently com- plained that he heard supernatural noises. Shortly before Frederick's birth, states Edward, the family lived in a house where a murder accompanied by mutilation was supposed to have been committed. After their mother's death Frederick and Albert de- clared, according to Mrs. Edward Deeming, that they saw her. She beckoned to Frederick, and then faded away in a green light which surrounded her. All the members of the family, adds Mrs. Deeming, were sub- ject to similar delusions. Mrs. Albert Deem- ing and Mrs. Walter Deeming testify that Frederick was from his earliest years of a very roving disposition. When quite a boy he several times ran away from home, and ap- peared to be almost beyond parental control. Before he was out of his teens he went to sea as steward on board a sailing ship trading from Liverpool. While acting in this capacity he visited various parts of the world, and ulti- mately left his vessel in Australia. Here he appeared to have continued his roving life, and among other pursuits became a gold- digger. About the year 1880 he returned to Birkenhead, and took up his residence with relatives, to whom he appeared to be worth a considerable amount of money, the pos- session of which he accounted for by stating that he had been successful in mining operations. Frederick Deeming who was born at Birkenhead, Cheshire, England, in 1853; suffered from brain fever in Calcutta; and on returning home, adds Edward Deeming, his mind appeared to be affected. He suffered from the delusion that he was a person of distinction—a delusion which, by-the-by, does not seem to have ever quite deserted him. The prisoner, it will be remembered, told Dr. Springthorpe that his father brutally ill-treated him, that his mother had been in a lunatic asylum, that he himself had been in an asylum before he was twelve and when he was sixteen years of age, and that he had been called Mad Fred in his youth. But prisoner's statements to Dr. Springthorpe were obviously characteristic of statements generally by the prisoner, the most modern Munchausen, who also said he had visits from his dead mother, and that she incited him to kill his wives. It is, however, remarkable in connection with the story of madness and supernatural that Alfred Deeming had a dream of the Rainhill murders in the month of August, soon after they were committed. SMALL BEGINNINGS IN CRIME. Frederick Deeming employed about fourteen known aliases. He told Dr. Springthorpe that from the first of his travels "he always gave different names and different occupa- tions, even on a return voyage in the same vessel, not because he was doing wrong, but because he did not know why. He had even gone to the same hotel under an assumed name with a different name upon his luggage." The man was easily able to change his name, but his strong individuality ever remained to simplify the work of his identification. About 1880 Deeming waa a member of the firm of Deeming Brothers (Albert, Frederick, and Walter), gasfitters and brassfinishers, whose fairly large establishment was situated in Conway- street, Birkenhead. Frederick ap- peared to be the one who pushed the business, and was an active, industrious, and inoffensive man, bearing a good general character. The brothers attended to the exercises of their Church, and liberally patronized the various institutions of the town. On February 28, 1881, Frederick Deeming married Miss Marie James, a fine young woman, well- set, of medium height, with black hair and very dark complexion. After he had been married some time he went away to Aus- tralia, leaving his wife behind at Birkenhead, but he sent a pass for her in twelve months' time, after which they were both absent from England for about nine years. So far as neigh- bours could judge, at the outset at any rate the union was a happy one. They had four chil- dren, three of whom were born out of Birken- head and one in Bridge-street, where they had a house furnished. In Sydney Mr. and Mrs. Deeming lived in Riley-street, Wooloomooloo, and the first child of the marriage was born in 1882\. Deeming pursued his trade of plumber and gasfitter, and a clever craftsman he was admitted to be. But he soon developed his "distinctive" criminality. While in the em- ploy of Messrs. J. Skinner & Co. he was sent to gaol for six weeks for larceny, and the cruel feature of the case was the prisoner's persistent attempt to get a poor innocent lad convicted of the offence. He also in this case gave an indication of his masterly resourcefulness, which he used in Perth when he secured a shave to affect his identification, and his con- summate acting, which leaves it a knotty question when his "fits" are those of an epileptic or a shammer. Deem- ing worked for several months after his release, but soon after resumed his travels, and since then he has been nothing but a wanderer on the face of the earth, with victims of his enterprises in all quarters. He went into the service of Messrs. John Danks & Son, of Mel- bourne, but in July of 1883 cleared out of Vic- toria for Rockhampton, working there as a plumber and gasfitter on his own aocount. rFom his old employers he obtained letters of credit for £200, and showed his appreciation of the generosity by never liquidating the debt. In 1885 Deeming was again in Sydney, work- ing as a plumber for several firms under the sobriquet of Frederick Bayley. A second child was born in 1886. In June, 1887, he is sup- posed to have paid a visit to Adelaide during the Jubilee Exhibition under the name of Ward, displaying diamonds which he said he obtained from South Africa. He got into business as Frederick Bayley Deeming in Sydney, and, following on reckless extrava- gance, filed his schedule with a deficiency of £700. An advertisement appeared at about this time advising Frederick Bayley Deeming to cross the sea to claim an inheritance in Liver- pool. The creditors did not tumble into the trap, and Deeming was lodged in gaol for fourteen days for prevarication. Not content with cheating creditors Deeming is alleged to have entangled one girl into a marriage, biga- mous on his part, and, having deserted her, cast amorous eyes upon other young women. His trickery sometimes wore a comic as well as a contemptible aspect, as, for instance, when he coolly tapped his neighbour's gas- pipe to save gas bills. Where he went to plumb he remained to steal in rich men's drawing-rooms and to flirt in the kitchens. In 1888 Deeming disappeared from Sydney to avoid prosecution on a charge of cooked accounts. He is still an uncertificated insol- vent, and the fact will weigh in the disposition of his property. Mrs. Deeming and children soon followed Deeming to Port Adelaide, where, under the name of Ward, he robbed two brothers named Howe of £60. Deemings and Howes were passengers on the ship Barossa, which left at the end of January, but Deeming gave Howes the "slip" and escaped their vengeance by "sneaking" away from the vessel as St. Helena and working back to the Cape. On the Barossa Mrs. Deeming, alias Ward, was delivered of a third child. The fourth and last was born at Birkenhead. 