STILL ANOTHER CRISIS. -t A FEW days ago the position of public affairs in New South Wales seemed assured. Sir GEORGaE DIBBs had arrived from London, via America, amid much eclat, and had given an account of his mission which ap parently satisfied the non-critical people who had assembled in the largest public building in the colony to bid him welcome back to his natal soil. The Premier had received the warm congratulations of " the old gang" on the honour which had been conferred on him, and through him, it was agreed, on Australians generally; and many new friends had joined in the universal pean of praise which resounded through Sydney. But a change came o'er the spirit of the dream of beginning a halcyon session, for the leader of the Oppo sition commenced the mischief which the Premier thought Mr. tEnID meant when Sir GEORGE packed his portmanteau and started off on his journey from Westminster to Mac quarie-street. The troubleat Broken Hill was the one element which, if not left out of the calculation entirely, was nevertheless overlooked for the time being; for had not the strike leaders also hastened to wire their congratulations to the newly-arrived Premier and asked his assistance in fixing up matters ? But all this time the industrious Mr. GEoRGE EDwin GOULDER had been collecting the in formation which he swore to before Mr. WIIITTINOGDALE JOHNsON, stipen diary magistrate, on Wedaesday last, and upon which a warrant was issuied for the arrest of nine members of the defence com mittee. The bolt came from the blue, eight persons were arrested on a charge of conspiracy, conspiracy to incite to riot, and conspiracy to incite certain persons to prevent other persons from following their lawful occupations. On the same night the walls of the Legislative Assembly rang with denunciations of the action of the Ministry in this matter, and Sir G?EoRGE DuBS and his colleagues are now threatened with the adverse votes of Labour members for having made themselves responsible for the actions of their officers in the affair. If the Ministry be out-voted, either on Mr. RJEW's motion, or on the amendment of Mr. CorroN or any other member, a dissolution is inevi table. The question, however, is if it is likely that such a contingency will arise. Perhaps it would be better for both the Ministry and the country if another shuffle of the political cards took place. The majority for the Government is not a very large one, and the position of any Ministry is not desirable if its majority cannot be relied on. The Labour party has hitherto been so unsuccessful in accomplishing legis. lation affecting those they were speci ally sent to Parliamnent to represent' that the electors might not feel averse to allow some fresh recruits from the ranks of the working classes to take their places. We feel sure that there will be no lack of candidates, many of them capable of filling with credit and dignity the places of those who were chosen when the first appeal to the electors was made after the pas sage of the Parliamentary Representa. tives Allowance Bill. It is possible that the quick return to the ranks of labour of gentlemen who have gone through the training school of Parlia ment House will add to that general diffusion of knowledge of the science of government and public affairs which is so highly desirable in a country so politically young, and yet with so great a future before it. This gradual process would be so beneficial to the State, that when it has been clearly proved that one Par liament is unfit to accomplish any. thing remarkable, the country will not be strongly opposed to send an other contingent of Parliamentary undergraduates to be taught the art and mystery of making laws for the guidance and governance of their fellow men. Moreover, it is asserted that many of the members of the pre sent Assembly are not educationally, intellectually, or morally, true repre sentatives of the electors, and that the country would be greatly benefited by being given an opportunity of re placing them with better men. The only fear in this connection is, that in stead of bringing about a change for the better, the alteration might be for the worse; but this is a contingency that must be faced in every election, and in some cases an alteration could hardly be for the worse. But in considering this subject the fact cannot be forgotten that the in terests of the Ministry and country are not the only matters which must be thought of. The views of members •of Parliament in this crisis are essen. tial factors in the case, for it is almost certain that if the Ministry be out voted during the next few days a dis solution will be the.result. It is therefore for the people's representa tives to say whether they are prepared to take again to the electoral field, either to win fresh laurels or to retire into that condition of private life which many of them are so well fitted to adorn. There can be no ddubt that the unwillingness of the Labour members to go back to their con. stituents with so little to show for the time they have put in at Parliament is a reluctance which is highly natural and creditable to them. If theycould even present themselves for election under auspices created by a new Electoral Act, they would be in a position to declare truly that they had accomplished one great measure of reform long demanded by the people. The desire to show. something in return for the trust reposed in them may have the effect'of' determining them to endeavour tod-inake certain the power they possess, and not risk the chances and changes which attend the proverbially uncertain future " A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush" is a proverb which has been consecrated not only by common use, but by a celebrated New South Wales Judge, when deal ing with a subject in which he was personally interested. The power to remain in Parliament and bring about some legislation may be compared to the bird; the bush would be for many at the present moment a general elec tion; the two birds would be the win ning of a seat and the luxury of being a successful candidate. So far as Newcastle is concerned, it would be a pity if anything should intervene be tween it and the much-desired Har bour Trust Bill. As to the justice of the complaints of the Labour members against the Ministry for their share in the Broken Hill incident, it ought to be plain to the meanest comprehension that the hands of any Government would have been forced either to formally dis. claim any responsibility, and allow the defence committee to be the de facto government in the place, or to assert their authority and the right allowed by the law to men desirous of following their lawful occupations. We are certain that if Mr. REI) and his followers come into power and a similar state of things arise similar action will be resorted to. We shall go further and say that if a wholly Labour Ministry came into power and a similar state of things arose, such a Ministry would exert its power to the utmost in assertion of its right to rule, and of its denial of the assumption by any committee of powers akin to those of government. The D.ns Ministry did not make the Broken Hill strike; it allowed matters to progress in the hope that they would mend ; it studiously re. frained from putting in motion its last weapon for some time; and if the arrest and trial of the de fence committee result in nothing else than in the settlement of a.great con stitutional question some very slight modicum of good will be extracted from a vast amount of misery. The Ministry in any case must be prepared to stand or fall by the Broken Hill portion of their policy; for they must have known that such action at such a time would very materially affect the composition of their following and the vote on Mr. REID's motion Of cen sure, or cognate amendments thereon. Whether the arrested men are guilty or not remains to be seen, for they have yet to be fried before a judge and a jury of their countrymen. Whether they are proved innocent or guilty the responsibility of the prosecution will remain on the Government, and would, it is .only logical to assume, remain on any Go vernment similarly situated. It now only rests for the people to watch the course of events during the next few days, at the end of which the question whether this Parliament will en deavour to accomplish some work b'e fore it gives up the ghost, or perform the happy dispatch in sheer disgust and despair, will be defiditely an swered. 