THE ELECTIONS. EASTERN SUBURBS. MR PRANK MADDEN AT CAMBERWELL. Mr Frank Madden addressed a meeting of olcctors at tho Shiro Hall, Cainberwell, on .Saturday evening, when Mr T. If. liraim, tho president of tho Shire, presided, and tho candidate was cordially received by a large assemblage : — Mr Madden said Mr Chairman and Gentlemen: I decline to be dictated to by the " Argus nd, unless I mako a great mistake, tim electors of the Eastern Suburbs will also decline to tako their politics from that quarter. I came oat to onposc Mr Gillies l>ecAuo he had voted for the Ono-man- oac-voto in l'arliament, and I will go to tbo poll on that question. . If Mr Gilliea hid had his way the question would not cow be IWoro the constituencies, as it would hare been passed into law, and wo would hi at the mercy of the Trades' Hall. Toe first business of the next Par liament would havo been to arrango for equal electorates, nud by this day twelve months Victoria would havo keen ab solutely rulued. Iu the early part of this eic- ction Mr Gillies and his frieuds stated that he had always been a supporter of ono- mau-onc-voie in principle, nnd that ho could not be blamed for having voted for it. But when 1 pointed out that it novcr had been n live question until after tho strike of 181)0, when tho Trades Hull re cognised in it tho weapon whioh would en able them to avenge the defeat thoy then suHtaincu, Mr Gillies and his friends suddenly discovered thero was a good deal in what I said, but thoy did not give itto tho credit for having said it— No I they quietly stole my cloches and Sat them on Mr Gillies and say— ow that ho understands tho situation, ho is willing to vote agaiust tho one-man-one- vote proposal. Why, if ho be tho broad ntatcamnn liU supporters would have us he- linvo, did lie not see this bofurc? Tho circum stances are notaltcredaincohe gave that vote. If through his voto this obnoxious measure had becomo jaw, what would have been tho good of his finding out he had ruined tho couutry whon his net conlil not be recalled. Aro you going to givo him another ohnnco to hand us over to tho Trades Hall? He has put you in peril once : will you nllaw him to do so again ? It is well here to consider the positions of this cluction. Mr Gillies anil I were brought fuco to face on tho vital ques tion of thu elections, and wo went our ways cacti doing tho best he could.. Mr Gillies 'and Ids friends fouud thoy wcro getting the worst of tho fighL, and ominous prophesies were made as to what might happen if a labor candidate war to stop in between us. This <1H1 . not frigliton me, and we went ou. Tho Gillie party found the game was getting desperate. At tho last moment two new candidates appeared on the field, and, strange to say, thoro was a decided resem blance between them. Nobody had over licurd of either of them before. Neither had a policy or a following, and . on tho whole they looked as liko makeshift can didates as It was oossihlo to imagiuc. Tho "Argus," having evidently had tho article ready written and on hand, imme diately throw up the sponge and declared that ail (hat was to he duuc now was to puc Mr Lormer's name at the top of tho poll, unless Mr Frank Madden would at (ineo withdraw. The "Argus" ignored tho second cnndldato, or, perhaps, wus m tho secret and know that tho two were in the same stable, uud put up by the same party, ami that cue would withdraw, ami cuahlo the "Argus " to writs vet another article condemnatory of mo, and to praieo thu luhor party (who, by the way, would lievo uothinu to do with Mr Lornier), for its dUcipliuo aud one hoartedness. liutl am too old a bird to bo cught with that sort of ctmfi'. I havo studied the rolls, nnd I know that the Eastern Suburbs ts a perfectly safe seat for Mr Gillies nr inysolf, oven if the mighty Tronwiih htm come in ail his war paint hetwucn us to contest it miteud of the political rag-gatlieror, wbo hod bcun hrqught in to the cupteitat the last 1 moment and for a veiy palpable purpose. Mr Gillies ami tho " Argus " may cry, " Ifuih I Hush 1 here Comes tho bogey 'man 1" until they are sick, but tboy will Und f am made of different metal to " Little Poll and Ksio who will not go to school," and that 1 wili not be frighteurd oat of the field by the illuminated turnip-headed ghost who has been wrapped iu thn dirty counter pane ol the Labor partv to startle me into withdrawal, Tho number of electors on all tho rolls is fiQOO, out ; of whioh there arc but 00.1 on tho : manhood roll, and of thuso (105 there uro, wonderful to relate, but 51 laborers. Now the very most that even Mr Treuwith could obtain, if bo polled overy man who thought with film, would not auve his L60 deposit. It is from the mauhood roll ouly tbai'tho Trades Hall could obtain a vote, as Is proved by tbo fact of my huviug addrossed moorings iu every part of the electorate, ' I havo not bcon sparing of the Trades' nail or the Labor Party anywhere, but, as we sav in the eolouies, I have "rubbed" in what 1 'said at first. Havo I ever been interrupted T Have I ever hoard boo- hoo? No.- I'havo had the mostordorly mrotiugsl ever saw in any olectinn. If there had been any Trades' Hull \- party I would nover have been allowed to epcak after w hat 1 opened with at Kow. I should havo had tho dulcet strains ot Annie Roouoy follow nie from meeting to meeting. These being the tacts, Ft Is an in sult to my Jntelliflonee to ask mo tu withdraw, If I ever won fit to sit iu Parliament, if I . had anybackbone at all it was myduty to calmly consider the situation and to decide' what I ought to do. If I had had any fear that the seat could bo lost to a labor candidate, I would havo boon thu first to call my committee together und advise thorn to sco, Mr Giliics' ' eommittco uu'd decide between themselves whioh of us was to withdraw so. as to avert such a catastrophe as that would be. Of the National Association I will say nothing. I cannot descend to committing' broach of faith, as one member of its committee -has done iu tills election, and that the association knows well, although they try mo highly by publishing such a proclamatiuu as tuoy did thiamui'iilug: . 