THE NOVELIST. LOVE'S WARFARE. CHAPTER XXX. Her eves mot his calmly. ' You know that I shall never do that," he replied. 'Unless you had been quite sure of that, you would not havo introduced him to me. The very soul of your ven- geance was that I Bhould lovo him for you knew that when 1 was aoquainted with his story I should never marry him. You have been falso in your friendship. Shame on you.' 'I repent,' he cried. ' I would give my life to undo it — believe me, Lady Iris.' ' Honour is better th\n life,' she Baid, ' and you have lost that Your life must be of little worth to you without it, and you can nover undo what you have done.' His strong frame trembled with emotion, ' I swear to you that I have nover known one moment's happiness or peace since I did it.1 ' Then Heaven is just,' she said coldly. 1 1 will finish what I caino to say, as this may be the last time wo may moot. Your revenge is complete ; you wished to make mo sutler, and I am suffering as much as any one could suffer and live. You have been the causo of this John Bardon. I may live many years UUU A Duau UOTU4 uiau , ju u uuro wuv aaau off from all tho joys of my life. I shall never be a happy wife ; I shall never know what a husband's love is. While my father lives I shall have one friend ; but, when he dies, I shall have none ; and wlion weary of my life, and my turn comos to die, my name and that of my race shall die with me. You have done this for me, so that your ven- geanco should be complete. You havo wreoked and ruined my life. I havo enjoyed the world, and havo loved its gaieties and pleasures ; but no nun will live a moro secluded life than I shall live now. I leavo you to proclaim to | the world that the blow from your traitorous hand has sent me . into solitude. Say, is not your revenge sweet.' ' No,' ho oriod. ' I loved you with a pas sionate love ; I hated you with a fierce hatred. It seemed to mo that I should have I no rest until I had punished you ; but now I would willingly die to undo what I havo done.' . , .. 'That cannot be,' she said, turning away /i / from him. ' And, now that I have said / what I came to say, I will leave you. I . x havo told you how completely you have f succeeded in blighting two lives J you will perhaps enjoy your own all the bettor for thinking of that!i 'I shall think of it with sorrow and regret,' he returned. A faint ripple of scorn passed ovor tho pale face. 'You have not even courage for your crime,' she said. ' You tell a He that ruins \ two lives, and then express regret for it. I \ really think that I should prefer a moro hardened criminal.' She walked with her usual stately step to ' the door, but he threw himsolf before her ; J he tried to olasp her hand, hut she would neither look at him or listen. ' I have said all that I came to say, and I have not one word to add. Lot me pose.' He was so overawed by her dignity, by tub Imperious gesture and the proud face, that he drew back ; and she passed out of hie presence for ever. CHAPTER XXXI. But you, had you chosen', had you stretched hsud liad you seen good such a thing wero done, I too might have stood with the souls that stand la the suu's light, clothed with the light of the light of the sun ; But now who on earth need caro how I live t Havo tho higli gods anything left to give, Save dust and laurels sad gold aod sand ? Which gifta uro goodly ; but I wil nana.' Lady Iris read these lines when sku opened the letter sent by Allan, and to them wore added a few words of hiB own. She would have heard, he wrote, that an outbreak hud occurred among some of tho frontier tribes of India which it was anticipated would have terious results ; he waB exchanging therefore into a regiment orded to India at UUGU. ' And,' he added, ' Heaven bring merciful to the miserable, I hope to die tboro. Life whioh parts me from you is a thousand times more bitter than death. If you see — as I pray you may— my name aiuongBt tho list of killed, say to yourself bat Heavon has called home the mOBt wretched of men.' It was the only letter eho received from the man she loved, and alio kept it amongst her most precious treasures. It reached her onjthe morning of tho day she was leav ing Ghandos, and Bhe showed it to her father. The perusal of it moved him. ' You havo thrown away a noblo heart, Iris,' ho said, ' He is a man who will always, whether you love him or not, Btand ' in the light of the sun.' ' She never cared to remember her journey, it was so full of pain to her. As they drew near Fenton Woods, her father grow more sod and melancholy ; and sho began to remember — what in tho midst of her own sorrow she had half forgotten — the fact that he had never liked the thought of going to Fenton. He had been so happy there with her mother that he could not bear the pain ful memories associated with it. It was a beautiful place ; tho house stood " pin a hill, and the view of tho surrounding oountry was magnificent At the foot of the hill nestled a little village called Brook. Tho novelty of seeing the houso for tho first time, the pleasure of strolling in lovely woodlands, distracted her attention for the first three days. Lord Caledon began to hope that she hod found a true remedy for her Borrow ; hut after tbo third day her melancholy returned. The Earl rocoived a cordial welcome after his long absence. The bolls of Brook church pealed merrily, , and the villagers came up in a friendly simplo old-fashioned way to greet the Earl and his daughter. ; —Lord Osledon and Lady Iris lived in close retireiuont. The wind that came from the pine wtoods was refreshing and invigor ating, and the deathly pallor soon left Lady " Iris's face. Her eyes grew brighter, end the dainty lovely hues that made hor face look like a delionto rose camo back ; yot she| . l was wonderfully alt4>-i. ' She is a great beauty,' said the villagers. ' Her face is like a flower, and her hair like gold. It's a pity she's so sad ; she deosn't laugh and talk as other ladies do. She seems to be thinking of some one who is far away,' and they little knew how near the troth they were. Lady Iris was in tho dining- room when her father sont for the butler and began to ask him about soma of the villagers ho had known. Some wero married, he was told, and some ware dead and gono ; but thoso that remained were very glad he had came back. A sad thing has happened, the butler said, ' Your lordship of course remembers the old nurse Esther Rowson, whom you pen sioned off?' Tho Earl's face changed at the mention of hernamo, and he said' Yes' he remembered Esther, and ho hoped she was getting on well. I No,' replied tho butler, ' Esther has grown childish, and sits day after day Dron ing old songs.' ' Could it he an expression of relief that came over tho Earl's face — he who was so good, kind, and generous, who sorrowed with tho sorrowful ; lie turned to tbo butler and said quietly — I I am vory sorry to hear t, Stokes ; how do they manage with her?' ' Her grand daughter lives with lior my lord, and takes good care of her,' was the reply. 1 She is still in the cottage, then ?' said the Earl. 1 Yes,' tho man answered ; 1 Esther would .not leave it.' Tho butler went on to say thu people had been wondering if sho would know her old master. When father and daughter were alone, Lady Iris remarked — 1 How nice it is to have old servants living in pretty old cottages. Tlioro is something feudal about it.' 'Yes, Iris. That old woman Esthor Rowson was a most devoted servant, most faithful to us ; but 1 think it would bo better for you not to go to sco her,' 1 Why papa ?' sho asked in wonder. 'I am sure, if I express a wish, you will obey me without asking for a reason.' ' Oortainly ; but it will Beam strange if 1 go into every other cottage in the place and not hers.' ' Sho will not be any tho worse for not seeing you ; you bear that she is childish.' ' Of course, I will obey you, papa ; you know that,' said Lady Iris ; but she could not help feeling surprised. On the morrow the Earl took his beautiful daughter through tho woods and round the beautiful hill on |which tho house stood. In the course of their stroll they came to a little church half hidden with trees. Round the stone porch, in quaint letters, ran tho words, ' To pray best IH f.n tnvn linof ' To the astonishment of Lady Tris, when the Eari saw them he Btood liko a man stricken mute, with an expression of pain on his face which seemed to change com pletely. Lady Iris was delighted with the building. She went into tho old stone porch, which seemed so cool, and a slanting ray of sun- shitio lighted up tho golden hair and sweet sad face. When Lord Caledon saw her standing there, he cried out, in a voice she never forgot — 1 Trio, oomo »w»y j jinn Innlc 'like a ghoBt standing there 1 Come away, child.' Ho was trembling violently when she joined him. ' Liko a ghost, papa ?! she said laughingly. ' Who ovor saw a ghost in a fasliionuble walking costume?' Ho was only too thankful to chango the subject. 'is tbut tho latest style, my dear? It ib pretty.' ' 1 Fretty' is not tho word, papa. It is artistic,' she replied. Then sho repented the words round the porch. ' To pray best is to love best,' she said slowly. ' Surely I have read those words beforo ; but I do not remember where.' She lind forgotten tho portrait she had found in tho seernt drawer. ' What does it mean, papa 1 Why where the words placed hero?' ' I do not know why the words wore so placed ; it was a custom to cut such legends in nlrlott tiniAB T linlmun RiiK ilia niPfinitir» of the words seem clear enough to me. Prayers from the lips alone are of no use ; they must come from tho heart ; and he prays best who loves best.' ' The words aro vory beautiful,' alio said ; and then they left tho old gray church in its bower of trees. Gradually Lady Iris grew stronger. It seemed to hor that, she had done the right thing in coming to Fenton. There wero no fetes or balls, no glittering gatherings — only the poor to visit and console. Tho Earl smiled sadly aB ho watched his daughter. ' Poor ahild,' he said to himsolf. ' She thinks that the etruggle of life is ended, and that she has found a haven of rest.' He smiled nnd sighed when ho heard her speak as though life were all ended for hor, and ns though there wore nothing for her but to live in these sweet solititudes until she died. To him there was something pathetic in it The weeks rolled by ; and tho woods grew more beautiful in their autumnal tints. It scorned to Lady Iris that they wero com pletely secluded, and that they wore never to belong to tho outer world again. Lord Oaledon thought long and deeply about his daughter. She had announced to him vory calmly her intention of spending tho remainder of her life nt Fenton Woods. Sho had done with tho world, she said, and all that belonged to it. Flattery nnd homage seemed almost liko sacrilego to hor whose hoart was broken. There was no charm left' in life for hor. ' I shall live hero until I die, papa,' sho said to him one morning, when the smart of her pain was keener than over. 'You shall always pleaso yourself my darling,' he replied ; but to himself he said that it was unreasonable that his bright beautiful daughter, whom overyono admired should givo herself up to this state of death in life. However, ha did not complain, aa lie thought she had enough to bear. He was extremely kind to hor. She was young ; and tho young feel pain so keenly, ho snid to himself. . Ho would not persusdo hor to leave Fonton, but let her rest for ft few months ; then, when her griof had had full sway, tho reaction would come, and she would long once more for the life sho bad now renounced, ' It would never do,1 ho told himself, 1 to lot tho lost of the Faynes die in thcBe soliti tudes.' But he must hide his time. With his whole heart ho wished that sho hap acted differently — that she had married Oaptain Osburn. 'Poor child,' he would say to himself. ' She has sacrificed her life to a chimera.' Yet he rcpeeted tho pride of her race that had lod her to act as sho had done. It was the most marked trait in her character, tho atrongest love in her heart. Ab tho smart of hor pain, whioh nt first was exceedingly keen, died away, and a patient resignation came in its place, her health and strength returned. Tho pure bracing air, the clear atmosphere, the early hours, and the constant out of door exercise made her stronger than she lmd lu-on for some time; and it was with the utmost satisfaction that tho Earl saw his daughter grow more beautiful ovory day. It was strange how in hor secret fancies she compared herself to tho Lndy of Shullott. Love of her Sir Lancelot hnd brought her almost to death's door. How gladly would sho have floated down tho river to die where his eyes should rost on her face. Tho words were ringing iu hor car, 'The curse has come upon me ! cried the Lndy of Shallot.' Wns it indeed a curae — this great sweot love which hud sent her, witli wounded heart and blighted life, into solitude ? And then she owned to herself that the love had been so sweet that she would not be without it, even though it killed her. And yet her lovo was not so great as her pride. CHAPTER XXXII. Lady Iris had strictly carried out her father's wish, and hud never been to see Esther Rowson. Sho went to tho other cottages, whero tho sight of her beautiful fa Co was as wclcomo as May flowers, and to tho inmates of which she took many good things to help and comfort them. Shu was soon beloved by all the villagers. The children- would cling round her, the mothers brightono d nt n kind word from her, nnd the men tnko off their hats and call down a bles sing upon her ; while tho sick and sorrowful grew stronger nnd brighter as she went amnngst them. She sent many a well filled bnsket to Esther Rowson, aud the Eari culled nt times to see his old servant. The good Lady IriB did among tho poor simplo people wns incal culable. Her discriminating charity, her benevolence, her kiudnoss, nnd llio interest sho took in every man, woman, and child wero acknowledged by them with the most sincero gratitude and ufloction, (TO UK CONTINUED.) 