ELSIE VENNER.' The Problem of Instinetive Criminality. . TBv Rev. C. F. Aked.1 "Elsie Venner" is the title of a "romance of destiny," by Oliver Wendell Holmes. A dear old lady of the author's acquaintance spoke of it as "a medicated novel," and the genial Autocrat of the Breakfast Table was quite pleased with her discriminating criticism. The book was written with quite different ends in view from those of mere amusement or even of helpful recreation. The scene of the story is laid in Rockland, a _ quiet country town of New England. Thi3 vil lage, or town, was "ennobled" by lying at the foot of a mountain—a mountain which possessed the weird distinction of affording a home to a great number of deadly rattlesnakes, and whose fatal memories seemed to cast a kind of lurid Bhadow over the town itself. Living at Rockland was a girl named Elsie, the daughter of a high- souled cultured gentle man called Dudley Venner. The girl, some 17 years of age, was intensely beautiful, but with an unnatural indescribable fascinating beauty. There was something about her which irresistibly made strangers who saw her think of a rattlesnake; something in her move ments and manners, in her appearance and address, which had that strange resemblance. Old writers, as we know, delighted in stories of mysterious and horrible intimacy between children and serpents, but this is the case of one who seems to possess the serpent nature itself. Elsie Venner possessed the power of fascination as the rattlesnakes possess it, but even over the rattlesnakes themselves. Once a man in imminent danger of being struck by a serpent, the glitter of whose two diamond eyes had transfixed him with the palsied numbness of terror and despair, found, while he held his breath and waited for the death dealing stroke, that the flame died out of the eyes that had awed him, and then that the reptile was beaten _ by an enchant ment stronger than its own as it glided away under the compelling gaze of Elsie Venner. In that same gliding motion of her body, too, the girl seemed to share the habits of the reptiles she could so strangely awe. And what dubious fascination was it ■which drew her so often from her luxurious home to the bleak mountain side ? And even from her chamber at night, when Rockiand slept, alone to the Rattlesnakes' Haunt ? She shared the antipathies of the serpents, too. Eor various experiments have shown that a rattlesnake brought into proximity with the leaves of the White Ash (Fraxinus Americana) will fall at once into violent contortions as of pain. And once, when a basket of flowers was brought to Elsie Venner, she seemed paralysed with terror until the olive-purple leaves of the White Ash were hurriedly taken from the room. Elsie Venner seemed to have con tracted, alas! something of the moral or im moral characteristics of the rattlesnake, as well as of its physical pecularities. As a child she was subject to fits of passion, and when in one such paroxysm she bit her. cousin, a lad she had been playing with, the doctor applied caustic to the bites, as he would have done to those of some venomous animal. And, as a fact, she seemed to possess no moral sense at all, to be incapable of distinguishing between right and wrong, to rejoice in the opportunity of inflicting d?adly mischief, as the rattlesnake delights in the exercise of his terrible power. She tried to poison a governess who offended her; she sought the life of the cousin whom in other days she had only bitten. And the explanation of her eccentricities, her physical and moral uniqueness, her poisonous bent of mind consists in this— that some little time before Elsie Venner was born her mother was bitten by a rattlesnake, and had died immediately after giving birth to the child from that malignant wound. Elsie Venner was born with the poison of the serpent in her blood, with the nature of the serpent an integral end indissoluble part of her nature, and with the deadly disposition of the rattlesnake dominating the gentler disposi tion of the girl. . . Now the real aim of this story is, as the author himself tells us, " to test, the doctrine of original sin and human responsibility for the disordered volition coming under that technical denomination. Was Elsie Venner, poisoned by the venom of a crotalus before she was born, morally responsible for the 'voli tional' aberrations which, translated into acts, become what is known as sin, and it may be what is punished as crime? ;If, on presenta tion of the evidence, she becomes by the ver dict of the human conscience a proper object of Divine pity, and not of Divine wrath, as a subject of moral poisoning,' wherein lies the difference between her position at the'bar of judgment, human or Divine, and" than of the unfortunate victim Who received a moral poison from a remote ancestor before he drew his first breath?" ' > , i • Let me remind' you how the doctrine 'of original sin is stated- in the older theologies. The Larger Catechism of the Westminster Assembly thus formulates it:—"The cove nant being made with Adam as a publick person, not for himself' ohlyp but for his posterity, all mankind descending from him by ordinary generation - sinned in him, and fell [with him in that 'first transgression . ' . the sinfulness of that estate whereinto man fell, [consisteth' in the- guilt of Adam's-first sin . . whereby he' is ' utterly indisposed, disabled, and made Opposite unto all that is spiritually good, and wholly inclined to all evil, and that continually. . . Original sin is conveyed from our first parents unto their posterity by natufal ■ generation, so that all that proceeded from them* in that way are • con • ceived and born in sin. Now what are"we- to say of that ? Or even of a- less crude and less cruel way of saying the_ same 'thing—more acceptable to modern thinking? How shall we say Elsie Venner is not responsible and cannot be held responsible for the poison of the rattlesnake; we are responsible and must be held responsible for the poison of original sin? Eirst, we may say safely that the intellect and the moral sentiments alike rebel against any such formula, of inherited guilt! To found a massive, a terrible, and a tragic theory upon the story of Adam's fall is, we are bound to confess, to build upon unstable foundations which may give way at any moment and reduce our theory to debris. We do not feel as though we knew quite as much about Adam as our fathers did. He does not respond quite eo readily to our questionings. We are not nearly so certain about those details of his fall. Evolution is becoming more and more the working hypothesis of the scientist. The tmbryologist, the anthropologist, and the sociologist, each in his ; vn particular sphere and with his own particular, uithority, arespeak ing to us, every day more distinctly, of an evolu tion of life, of man, and of society. Ami .vhile we are re-examining our old theories in the near light of their discoveries and speculations, Biblical criticism, stepping into the frontrank, ami boldly claiming a hearing, lifts up her voice in warning against the endeavor to bass a theory of human life and destiny upon the incidents recorded in the early chapters of Genesis, seeing that our position with regard to the nature and purpose of that record may have to be re-stated in the coming days. We feel that we are on firmer ground whea we say that we are not to be held responsible, and are not to be made to suffer for Adam's sin by any arbitrary act of the will of God. If the theological formula covers the whole c ise— observe the point, if it covers the whole case— then, like Abraham of old, we must come right up to the face of God and plead with him that Ho shall act as beccmeth the Creator of heaven and earth. For Elsie Yenner, "poisoned by a crotalus before she was horn," does become an object of God's pity and not of His wrath. And we, poisoned by sin before we were born, do, undeniably in like manner beccme the objects of pity and never of wrath. And no God would have the right —it would not be God-like, it would uot be right or like Himself—no God would have the right to damn me for sins which Adam com mitted. Men tell us sometimes that we offend in our zeal to magnify the goodness and the grace of God, and that we cannot know the things whereof we too boldly speak. But they strangely forget that Christ atiil reveals Him sc if to the waiting heart, and thab to close our ears to the ministration of His cwn Spirit of Truth is to come near that blasphemy aeainst the Holv Ghost asrainst which he pionounced His awful doom. When John Stuart Mill said—"I will call no being good who is nob what I mean when I apply that word ' good' to my fellow creatures; and if such a being can send me to Hell for nob call ing Him good then to hell I will go," he spoke in utter reverence of all that he knew of God. And we, our hearts filled and thrilled by a fellowship divine, know that if we were satisfied that the old dogma stated the case in fairness and fulness it would need to be denied and denounced as a reflection upon the godliness of God. But leaving argument and addressing our selves to the facts of life what do we find? We find, as a fact, in life and in society that the old dogma embodies a reality made every day more patent and more appalling. We find, as a fact, that men are born in sin and shapen in iniquity; that, as a fact, there is a curse resting upon Adam's race. In the reeling walk and stagger ing gait of the drunkard, as in the hectic flush and hacking cough of the consumptive; in the moral bias of the wretch who, we say, is a "born thief" or a "born liar," as in the twisted spine or warped brain of the cripple or the epileptic, we trace the workings of a forceful, mysterious law whose explanation our fathers sought in a reference to Adam's fall, and whose baleful tendencies are known to science under the generalisation of the Law of Heredity. Of this curse of heredity much might be said, much must be "said in pulpit ministrations. I can think of two frightful instances in which I have myself intimately known the persons concerned. There was a family respectably connected, in a good social position, fairly religious. One son took to drink, to gambling, to immorality, flung his life away, before he reached his prime died a sot. . A daughter drank, fell from virtue, became 'a drunkard, was poisoned one . night in a house of infamy. Another daughter is this day in danger of fall ing as her sister fell .in spite of every endeavor to save her. The explanation? Mother and father were sober, godly people; the father's father a sensual wretch. And the curse may miss one generation to strike the next—indeed, it does so often. The other case known to me is that of the family of the deacon of a Non conformist church—as-good a man as any of us know—his wife a pure and faithful mother in Israel. This man's father lived a life of grossest and most horrible licentiousness, and died a shameful death. The children of the deacon in question—this sensual villain's grand children—seem to have been born possessed by a spirit of uncleanness. I can't go into details, but the particulars include such ghastly offences as drunkenness, seduction, and prosti tution. Soience is lifting up her voice. By the mouth of her devoted priests and servants to day she is warning us that nob our own lives only are in our hands but the lives of future generations, too, to do with them as we will. Science proclaims to us with formidable for mpla what our own observation has suggested, that physical^ peculiarities are handed down from generation to generation, tendencies to consumption, to cancer, to insanity and the like, but that this constitutes perhaps the least momentous phase of the terror. That a moral warp, amoral bias is also conveyed in the pro cesses of generation, and that a compelling tendency to some particular form of moral abasement may be the inheritance of the unoffending child. We have all read Walter Besant's novel, " The Demoniac." Allowing for the artistic setting and for some of the amusing reflections, upon :the-medical profes sion there is nothing out of .the way or exaggerated in the central fact from which the plot is evolved. The craving for drink is Dorn in the child, the passionate longing lasts while life lasts, and the terrible sentence of the preacher of a past age is awfully true that there are children not so much born into the world as damned into it! Dr. Norman Kerr has a most alarming word to say as the result of his own knowledge. He says—"Alcoholic, nervous, and mental diseases are also handed down. Hereditary alcoholic epilepsy, for example, is by no means uncommon. Defective nerve power, enfeebled will, and a de bilitated morale, form a favorite legacy from thoughtless inebriates to their helpless issue. The nerves of the dipsomaniac are shattered, while the bodily strength is undermined, and thus the family are liable to be mentally afflicted. Some of the circle, generally the daughters, may be nervous and hysterical; others, generally the sons, are apb to be feeble and eccentric, and to fall into insanity when any emergency calls for the display of unusual brain power. In one household, with a drunken father, two girls were hysterical, and the third was an imbecile; of the sons the eldest was an epileptic, thesecond died suddenly of alcoholic apoplexy, and the third was an idiot. In another family, burdened with the hereditary drink curse, the eldest daughter committed suicide, the second lost her reason and became quite demented, and the youngest was the incarnation of hysteria; the elder son killed himself by poison through drink, and the younger is an apparently confirmed sot." So, getting back to the argument, we Will gay that the old theological formula doe3 not express the facts iff modern language, but does express _ the facts, "none the less—that we are the subjects of a curse, more or less in tense, as may be, and the sins of the fathers are yet visited upon the children to the third and fourth generation. Then how can we regard God as just ? How say that this is right ? Dor we cannot change the nature of the case by altering the phraseo logy in which we describe it. We can't say— The Westminster divines stated the case in their way, and we state it in ours; the case is .the same, yet false [and blasphemous in the seventeenth century, fair and righteous altogether in the day we live in. Where js the explanation? Here. The law of heredity is a great and beneficent law, charged with infinite potencies for the blessing of', the human race. We enter into theaccu mplated_ mercies of past generations as well as into their fatal weaknesses and sins. We read the books our fathers wrote, we travel over roads they built, we lap ourselves in luxuries they won for us amid toil and suffering after agonies of unsuccessful search and the baffle ment of great endeavor. Their learning is ours, their wisdom may be. We enjoy politi cal privileges they bled to hand down to us; we live in liberty because they died in chains. And the strong and sturdy limbs of the peasant or the artisan, the vigilant brain of the trader, the eloquence of. the speaker and the insight of the students-all form part of the heritage of a wise and sober people. | Religious desires, yearnings after spirituality, for a closer walk with God, a passion for holiness impelling the soul to seek after its . Creator, and winning from • trembling lip3 the cry of deathless adoration, " My heart and my flesh cry out for God, yea for. the living God"—all these may be counted, and many more, amongst the blessings of heredity. In sober truth we are the heirs of all the ages in the . foremost files of time. The sins of the parents are visited upon the children to the third and fourth generation; but, miserable sinners that we are to obscure God's compre hensive. goodness, we forget to quote the re maining -words of supernal glory, "showing mercy unto the thousandth generation— not unto thousands, but unto a thousand generations — of them that love me," even as God says to us: "For a small moment have I forsaken thee; but With great compassion will I rgather thee.. In a sudden flush of wrath I hid My face, from thee; but with everlasting, kindness will I have compassion ujjou .thee, suith-the,Lord, the Redeemer." And we may add to this the assurance that God condemns no man for the disposition he_ brings into the world. If a man -has a twisted spine God will not condemn him for not walking straight. If it is the brain which is a-twist'.God will not damn him for acts.of > insane "wickedness;". And if if is a mjr.il twist born'.in the man' who is-to say that the great Judge, who will surely do right,' will make that man the object of His vengeance for the workings of a passion the man did not create and failed to control? When Christ was on earth the invalid, the afflicted, the diseased, decrepit, and helpless seemed to enjoy in a special way Hib favor; they came particularly under His protection. His nature has undergone no chaDgo since He healed many that wore sick of divers diseases, and cast out devils with His word. Such do indisputably become the object J of God's pity and not of His wrath: Elsie Venner has a special title to Divine watchful ness and Christly tenderness. And out of the dark abysses of suffering made known to us in the consideration of original sin we are lifted once more into tho sunlight of God's presence, and our souls are suffused with the beauty of His justice and the glory of His love. Practically there is a warning, full of tragic and tiemendoua horror, as to how men and wonu-n continue to implant the seeds of physical disease and moral pestilence in their unborn offspring. Wo preachers must make ourselves more and more familiar with our facts and then, I re.-pectfully submib, mako more earnest appeals and deliver our souls of more solemn messages upon the basis of these facts. We must not forget that science speaks of an accumulation of intensiby and virulence in some forms of moral poisoning as generation follows generation. A man may be a truly converted man, a Sunday-school teacher, deacon, minister of Christ; he may serve his church and city valiantly, die full of years and honor and go to glory and to God, but having been a moderate drinker he may hand down an enfeebled will to his children and a taste for alcoholic drink which together shall work the wreck and ruin of the child he would have died to save. But there is, as well, an in spired and inspiring hope, strong and conferring strength, which we shall do well to encourage. Eor we can tell of a God who knowethour frame, who considereth that we are duBt, of a Christ who Himself learnt'obedience by that which He suffered, and now is touched with a feeling of our infirmities, and of a Holy Spirit making in tercession for us with groanings which cannot be uttered. And sure of such interferences and mighty help we may confidently bid the struggling man, fighting against a hereditary curse, fight and stuggle on. Lebhim fight: in God's name he is very sure of victory, s Say to him— i Follow you the star that lights a desert pathway, yours or trine, Follow—till you see the highest human n lture is Divine. Follow light and do the right-/oi' man can half con trol Ms doom— • ' Till yowsee the deathless angel seated in the vaoant tomb. Bid him arise, in whatever failing strength he has, and as he calls to God for added power which God will not deny, show that— Life is not as idle ore, But iron dug from central gloom. And heated hot with burning fears, And dipt in baths of hissing tears, And battered with the shocks of doom To shape and use. Bid him Arise and fly The reeling- faun, the sensual feast; Move upward, working out the beast, And let the ape and tiger die. 