STAGE, S0!N G AND SHOW. ' ' — GLOOM AT THE GAE.RICK. " Uncles and Auttts." | TromenadeConoerts— Letter from I London— Criterion Concert— I "Our Pattie"— Sundry SorapB. ' Theatrically the week has been darkened by the premature Btoppage of one house — the ill-fated Garrick, pi course — which closed up under a loyal, and, consequently, re spectable, pretext on Wednesday evening last, mourned by all who knew.it in its more rosy days. The following " In Memoriam " breach of the peace might have been clipped from a contemporary L Managers may have to "ohuek It," s Still what puzzles us the most 2) Is if when they kick the bucket l' All of them give up the ghost V i| Apart from the cloture just recorded, 8 business during the week has been generally | of as healthy a description as may with | reason be expected. Mr. Masgrove has with | his pantomime again scooped the great big | share of tho spoil. | Time tells its own tale with the entertain- | ment at present offered at tho Royal, for j; now at the close of the third week of its run | houses aro as fresh and as healthy as ever jj they were. Fact is the show, like a cool i and pleasant lubrication when the ther- s momoter rises in the nineties, will bear I repetition. Tho Crnggs, not content with i tho bold deeds they have done, spring fresh ij and more wonderful acts on their audience 5 each night, and in all other respects tho re- ' presentation deserves tho fullest and most ? oofy recognition. jj A series of throe popular concerts — in the j true sense of the .word — aro to be commenced | in the great Centennial Hall to-night. .5 uoneort-goers in particular, ana lovers ot | "ze dam musiquey"- invgoncrnl, will,. no H doubt, already bo aware that Mr, W. J. : Turner, a Melbourne imprcssario, has brought across a company ' of lartists a that may be favorably compared with if any organisation that has. yet visited i'ijj this city. That tho promoters of the ven- :'i ture intend to make their entertainment of || the purely und simply, popular orderwill.be )| gathered from a look at the opening pro- 1$ gramme. Balfo, Gatty, Lizst, Watson, S Handel, Stephen Adams, Finsuti and Sulli- I van are all in - the hill, with a long list of H fine artists to worthily interpret them. Prices will be to match the charucter pf the ooncort, viz., 2s. and Is. If there is a need "jt in this city for good music, with good people to render it, Mr, Turner, &c.;, ought jj to come out substantially ahead of the | move. j Tho season of juvenile opera was brought » to a close at tho Criterion Theatre last night, :>! when in the presence of a large audioneo tho i children of the company presented tho first i'.v act of " Tho Mikado " with all the success :«i which has attended oach representation of si tho work. The dainty graceful " Fairy ' Tout ' (kindly loaned by Mr. Musgrovo's jij! representatives) danced delightfully, and an .V/ evening full of enjoyment was brought to a close by a short programme of vocal solec- ai ttons. ftj By Thursday's express Mr. Brongh and his contingent of laugh merchants came to S hand from Melbourne. "Tho senior partner o f an eminent firm lookB tolerably well con- jJ siderihg— and, mind you, that last word g conveys a heap of meaning when you come fc to think of tho work, worry, and anxiety that the big production at the Bijou has caused. Indoed it is little to bo wondered Si at that Mr. B. is glad to oast the .hehyy matitie of Loonato upon tho shoulder tfc.f 5 Mr, Cathcart and escape to Sydney lor If rest— and farcical comedy. It is for the latter principally that he has % returned, and to inaugurate a season of this g class of entortainmont he will, assisted by a Sj strong company, to-night present, for the V? firBt time Id. Australia, Lostooq and Walter Everard's comedy "Unoles and Aunts." | Ifwas'BOinotKiiigdiU'e 12- tnoriths ago that- this piece ran for a, very long time at the |S Comedy Theatre, London, and throughout the eutire innings Mr. Tom Cannam BUB S' tained with much. success the part of Zedo- fS kiuh Atpen, a queer sort of elderly party, % This same Mr. Cannam will be one of the big features of tho produotion to-night, and as ® for tho remainder of the cast, it need hardly be said that it will boot that uniform ex- ?! collenoo d liioh lias ever been a characteristic || of MesBrB. Brough and Boucicault's work. The attention of patrons of Sunday con- f? certs, and lovers of good musio in general, is H directed to the. excellence of tbo programme whioh is offered for tho' entertainment of if. visitors to the Criterion Theatre to-morrow f, night. Last Sunday evening the theatro £ was packed to the doors, and the enthusiasm £ displayed over the singing of tho Misses oi Albu, and the admirable work of othor s! artists of the company, was remarkable. K For to-morroW ovoning a programme of even greater excellence is promised, and early r.;' attendance is requested in order that all ;fi ">ay be seated when tho concert opens; ii . A letter datod London, December 15, is io) just to hand from Mr. Charlos Westmacott, k whom playgoers will remombor. Tho best 6 of a budget of interesting news is that tho writer haa, after several painful operations, ij; been completely restored to the por- y foot use of his eyes. His many friends— to ' whom, by tho way, bo S desires the vory kindest remembrance— will £ ho more than pleased to learn this. With a eommendablo thoughtfulness for our |'i natural yearning for theatrical nowa up to » date, Mr. Westmacott mentions that he has »; been to see tho "Philemon ot Baucis" of Gounod, and in the opposite direction " Tho Saijor's Knot" at " tho Lane." Tho latter v- ho describes as a fair specimen of its class, f'i Warner, in the load, play's a difficult part % very finely. down since he was in the colonies," though what he can possibly mean by that we can not for the life of ub imagine. Miss Katie James, he goes on to say, "mado mo sigh for the daintiness of Emma Chambers, or" (are yon Ustening Ganom, dear?) "the brightness- of .-'.our Pattie.'" On other -matters he discourses in an interesting way, and concludes with jolly good wishes all round. In the face of strong competition from other quarters Mr. Rignold continues to hold up his ond of tho pantomime season at Her Majesty's Theatre. It would not be accurate— in fact it would bo a sinful frac ture of the eternal teruth— to assert that the babes are not rapidly growing out of their clothing, and that a sole and heel oil the Santomimo iB not, to some extent, needed, leverthelcss to us it seems that Mr. Rig- nold's show this year has yielded him a rich retnrn, for during the first couple of weeks of its oxistence he "took it one " handsomely. According to present arrangement "Tfie Babes in the Wood" has precisely b!x more nights to run, and. to those who have not seen the show we would reoommend a visit whilst opportunity remains. For production' on Saturday night next "49," a tale of American life— which used to be identified with tho famous name of M'Kee Rankin — is in preparation. One of tho most modest and retiring men you could reasonably expect to find outside Parliament House is Mr. William Larmour, of Coogee, but this week he is positively exuberant over the programme he has pre pared for to-morrow. Apart, however, from the excellence of the entertainment visitors may safely depend on their comfort being studied in every possible way. ; At an extremely popular figure Mr. Addi son will offer liberal entertainment at tho Protestant Hall to-night. Wo have been presented with a bill— (we frequently are)— and are bound to admit its excellence in every detail. The usual change of programme will be made at the School of Arts to-night. Beau tiful Manager Tracey has hired a new piano, and this important improvement to the show will, no doubt, be very keenly appreciated by his numerous patrons. At present the Vaudeville Minstrel and Speoialty Company is one of the healthiest specs, in town. The committee of the Australian Natives' Association of New South Wales inteud celebrating the founding of the British colonies in Australasia by a national concert on Anniversary night, at which native-born artists will sing patriotic songs and deliver recitations appropriate to the occasion. The affiliated societies in Victoria, South Australia and Queensland have successfully held similar gatherings in order to promote the principal objects of the Natives' Associa tion, namely, tho advocacy of the federation of the Australasian colonies, the encourage ment of art, science, literature and music, and the fostering of an Australian national feeling amongBt all classes of the people. Attractions of an exceptionally strong character- will be available at Botany to day and to- morrow. In tho afternoon a first-class concert will be given by tho Alhambra company, and ut night the same excellent combination will give an enter- trinment at Mr. Smith's popular ball. During the sultry summer months of the year no form of amusement can be more desirable than comfortably negotiated har bor trips, and when the pleasure of fresh air is augmented by au excellent concert tho general result is joyful. This class of entertainment is offered by Mr. Stovo Adson, tho enterprising originator of harbor conoerts, and he announces that tho fine steamers Birkenhead and Ivy will leave tbo Floating Jetty, Circular Quay, at 2.15 and 3,15 to-morrow, and 7-45 and 8 p.m. sharp. 