A NEW POEM BY RUDYARD KIPLING. The National Observer baa published a poem entitled " Tomlinaon," signed bj End ! yard Kipling. The following extraéis will give an idea of the work : "Now, Tomlinaon gave np ibo ghost In hie house in Berkeley Square, And a spirit came to his bedside.and gripped him by the hair A spirit gripped him by the hair and carried him far away, Till he beard as the roar of a rain-fed ford the roar of the Milky Way ; Till he heard the roar of the Milky Way die down and drone and oease, * And they carno to the gate within the wall where Peter holds the keys. 'Stand np, stand np now, Temlinson, and answer lond and high The good that ye did for the sake of men ot ever ye came to die- ~ The good that ye did fer the sake ef men ia Tittie Earth so lone 1* And the naked soul of Tomlinson grew white as a rain-washed bone. ' O I have a friend on Earth,' be said, ' that was my priest and guide, And well would he answer all for me if he were by my side.* ' For that ye strove in neighbour-love it shall be written fair, But now ye wait at Heaven's Gate, and not in Berkeley Square. Though we called yonr friend from hui bed this night, he could not speak for yon, Fer the race is rna by one and one, and never by two and two.* Then Tomlinson looked np and'dows, and little gain was there, For the naked stars grinned overhead, and he eaw that his eonl was bare. The wind thit blows between the world, it ont him like a knife, And Tomlinson took up his tale and spoke of his good in life. * This I have read in a book/ - he said, * and what was told to me, And this I have thought that another man thought of a prinoe in Mosoovy.' The good souls flocked like homing doves and bade him clear the path, And Peter twirled the jangling keys in wearl* ness and wrath. 'Ye bave read, ye bave beard, ye have thought,' he said, 'And the tale ia yet te run : By the worth of the body that once ye had, give answer-what ha' ye done i' Then Tomlinson looked back and forth, and little good it bore, , For the Darkness stayed at his shoulder* blade and Heaven's Gate before.; ' O this I have felt, and this 1 have guessed* and this I have heard men say, And this they wrote that another man wrote of a carl in Noorroway.' 'Yehave read, ye have felt, ye have guessed, good lack ! Ye have hampered Heaven's Gate ; Thore's little room between the stars ia idle« ness to prate ! 0 none may reach by hired speeoh of neigh' bour, priest, and kin. Throngh borrowed deed to God's good meed that lies so far within ; Get henoo, get hence to the Lord of Wrong, for the doom has yet to run, And . . . the faith that ye share with BerkeleySquareupholdyoUjTosnlinsonf *' # a * # . # The reasons why the Lord of Wrong will have nought todowithTomlinsonaresetfortb at length in language always vigorous and not always refined. Finally the Lord, of Wrong says i " ' Ye are neither spirit nor spirik,' he said 'ye are neither book nor brute Gp, get ye back te tho flesh again for the sake of Man's repute. I'm all o'or-sib to Adam's breed that I shonld mock your pain. But look that ye win to worthier Bin ere ye come back again. Get hence, the hearse is at your door-the grim black stallions wait They bear yonr clay to place to-day. Speed. lest ye come too late ! Go back to earth-with a lip unsealed-go baok with an open eye, And carry my word to the sens of men or ever ye oome to die ; That the sin they do hy two and two they munt pay for one by one Í And ... the God that ye took from a 1 printed book be with yen, Tomlinson I1 " 