I THEATRE-GOING IN JAPAN. WE sot out on our fitst visit to a Japanese theatre, not exactly knowing whether we should be moved, by what we saw therein, to laughter or to tears, or whether either Dight to coma in the p-ogrumme. We had at least a feeling in. common, that of delightful uncertainty. It gave one a sense of security to feel one's companions could have no superiority over one on this point. We met at tho door of our hotel, and, everyone being afraid of his neighbors asking him an owkward question, all were seated in the jinrickishas in an incredibly short time. 1 remember ita coming tome aa a kind of revelation after the difficulty we generally had in recognising our coqlieB, each one seizing somebody else's 'riokisha, and a great amount of talking before all were settled com- fortably. This morning, however, saw us, in lesa time than it takes to write, trundling down the streets, dragged by our willing " karuma" men, ail laughing gaily and evidently cracking the greatest jukes. We felt the business 4m hand too eerious for »ny such levity, .and ac the end of our five minutes' ride descended from our carriages and .fol- lowed our guide solemnly up the dirtiest flight of stairB it had ever been my lot to mount. The little men, with a beaming ;faca, nmhalled us into Our "box"-a pen about 4fb equare, I may remark, en ?jpastant-and a smiling " mousme " came bowing to know whether we would have cushions or stools whereon to sit. Scornfully we waved aside the stools ?and aproad tho cushions, declaring we íwould do it in true Japanese fashion or not at all. Only one dissentient voice twas heard-that of a man, of course '-saying he thought a stool would be more ¿comí dr table. But he was promptly crushed. We had only time to get a 'general view of a large hall, with a con- fused viäion of people below us having their meals, when we found the curtain had disappeared and the play was in full swing. Gorgeous was the scene before \- -us- ! The Emperor's courtiers were seated In robes of State diecusting documents, brought by messengers from a neighboring, kingdom-grave, dignified men, in ^brocades of moat lovely bnea, some a mass of gold, others plain in their simple riohnoss, each and all wearing swords in beautiful scabbards and of the finest workmanship. ' Enter the Emperor ia a ' most uproarious state, having ' taken too much saki Great confusion ensues, and in the midst of it the scene is changed by the whole stage revolring. The Empress is discovered in trailing robes of scarlet, and long black hair falling down her back. She is apparently engaged, in paintings ipioture.and all tho while bemoaning her «ad fate in having a husband addicted to drinking sake. The door is slid back, ¿nd the Emperor appears, having come from the Oounoil chamber. A long conversation takes place, and finally the . Empress rises to sweep from the rorm. The Emperor, however, detains her by .keeping firm hold of her skirts with his sword. 'After some vain struggles to get free, she takes refuge behind a screen, -which she placas between herselfand him More warfare of words, and- thrilling moment 1-she "makes suicide," our guide tells us. " How does she make it," in a gentle murmur from the background. 'This.is too much for us all, and we forfeit , our reputation for ever in Our guide's opinion by giving way to untimely merri ment. And it is some time before his ruffled feelings can be soothed and he will'explain she "makes suicide" by i^t^CS J10? thT9$t, For fully five minutes rafter, the event she talks on, the orchestra playing Boft music," and, Just as one's attention is wandering, gives up the ' ghost. Tho next scene shows the council chamber again, with the Emperor' solemnly, apologising for his recent mis- behavior and promising amendment for the future. One of the courtiers comes -in, bringing the Empress's head tied up in.a-handkerchief, and presents it to the ' Kmperor. He relates the sad story of her untimely end. We notice he does, not seem much overcome by it, and the curtain is drawn across the stage by means of a coolie taking hold of it and running ialoDg the stage, dragging it after him. We turn' our attention to the_ buBy scene below, glad to have a few minutes' rest from the everlasting twanging of the samisen and the monotonous drone accom- panying it. Most of the little pens were filled to ovei flowing not only with people, but with th sir rofreshmenta. All kinds of good things brought in on red lacquer ' stand one shelf above another j the lowest and largest filled with rice, the next perhaps with fish, the next cakes, and the top with sweetmeats of the most brilliaht colora-bright yellow, emerald green;. \- scarlet, «fcc. The family congregato round >and ply their - chopsticks in the common bowl, and a mons me trips along nn her bare feet bringing hot saké in a dainty blue and white china Wo recognise some old friends, ; the *'geishas," rho danced so prettily the Tnight befóre. They look up smiling and bowing until their numerous hair orcft: ^?menfcâ quiver apaln. We hardly have time to return their salutations, when the curtain again rises, er rather is drawn, on a« new play, in which Jipan's most «,iohiban "(tfo 1, axl) aotor, all the way : from Tokio, is to appear. . This time the landf cape is wrapped in, snow ; a pretty red lacquer temple in the .foreground. Men in blaok garments and pointed caps flit about altering here and there a stool, &c.; We ask our guido, who ard these mysterious apparitions ? He answers that they are the ; scene shifters, and the black cloaks' are sup- posed to render them invisible.1': *. Are the actors not going to appear ? " .. Why, yes. Here they come." And; turning , wa see them slowly stepping up an . inclined plane which somehow leads through the audience. Theee ara the Tycoon's brother, with .his " faithful ' retainers, disguised as farmers in straw raincoats and basket hats covered with anon flakes. Solemnly they come along, . lifting each foot on a level with their lenee, and giving a little final kick before /putting it down again, whioh is very funny. Still in silence they divest them ; solves of raincoats and hats, and appear in shining apparel ; finally changing round their'straw sandals in ordf-r to make tho enemy believe they came¡ the reverse wny. A ruse calculated only to deceive a Japanese 1 Then all being seated' the-Tycoon's brother Bpeaks-of how, having "lived in concord"- wth his brother for many yearB, they have quarrelled- and are now at war- fare. , He has been forced to fight, \- and to fly in consequence of having been defeated. Horrible dilemma 1. How is ho to escapé ? His followers counsel him to disguise himself as à .priest.1 Here, ejiter three soldiers, the "icibari" actor leading. He declares he will die for his -master, and after a most affecting scene they change swords, and the Tycoon's brother and his followers exeunt in a state of profound emotion. lb is irresistibly o miic, and we are obliged to bury our faces in our handkerchiefs, to prevent our tears from flowine too. of course. The faithful servant tries in vain to dismiss his servants. " No can ; every- one going to die with everyone." Final;y they retire into the temple to await hostilities from the enemy.- Up the inclined plane comes the comic aotor with a colossal breadknife by way of a weapon, his walk, gestures, and grimaces all stamping him the funny man of the play. Behind him comes hordes of tho enemy. They discover the footprints of the young prince's party, ?'nd institute a search in the neighboring wood. While they ara tims engaged, the prince's party haue from the temple, and a great fight takes place, in which they como off victorious. Then the comic actor, rfith his breadknife, fights à duel; with the faithful servant, who conquers, and "Breadknife" expiras >n the funniest dying agonies, in fact keeps up his character to the last. (Ourtain.) ? We had a hearty laugh over the fighting; it was even'worse than what (in tees on our stage, and that ls saying . goo4 deal 1 We took one lingering look. afc the pretty scetè and the .curtain with the hames of "¡chiban ". actors in large characters on. it, and went out into the sunlight, through the merry- making, laughing crowd, which sent us on dur way. with many a gay "Ohyo 1,"-Good day I-, D, in the Sydney Morning Herald. 