ROUND TOWN. A very enjoyab!e afternoon and evening as party was given at' "Unica," Norwood fl Crescent, 31 onocE Ponds, last" Tuesday a evening, the occasion being the f:h birth- fi day of Moia Lydia Loaisa Barvey who it had about forty atof her little friends to a wish her many happy returns.` A pro- a gramme on a more thani usually extensive ir scale iwas prepared, including erwings, see' ai saws, tog-of-war, ftirework, magic lantern, p Christmas tree, and other itecir, which fi made up a "gigantic bill" of wonelors and a delights to the juvenile mind'. It was A worth going a mile or two to see the young b people enjoy themselvee. Devoid of stiIff- ti nessnand, "jamn,".,the gueste went-hoart h and saiul into the joys, and screamed and e, laughed and danced to their hleartr's delight. a True sings the poet- P "fHow happy are the days of youth ' When care seems far away." ' There was no thought of IYouthful days will pass away, Plenaures do not long remain, ' Asd'the hoire rs wnasto id ploy Never' rill come hack again." '0 Mr. George Harvey, assisted by. acouple of frieid,, inad6'an excellent; ZU.t; and kept his visitors on the move fro:n start to finish, bidding them "good night" with the assuranco that all had enjoyed them selves to their little heart's full content. Scene.-A public gathering. Aster=9 An'old gent, aged about three-fiftsl of a century; perpetdal snow on tlihe' suonmit. Oostnmoae-Frock coat of sombre huer, in mnentionables to match half-moast, decorated I sloft with span new silk hundkerchief-3 for Is., 0.-A pair of Leeoming's 'betle crushers, with a trend like a rhinoceros ,ia a rusah field. Seated at last. ' Alas I he was soon in trouble. 1le had just conme from the barber's beyant. With a' small I tabslecloth-showing; an iun 'anetorians; re ference-he began to swab off tihe renmains of the shampoo. Passing over his pate, ho descendedto his vertebra, and reaching back" run several hairs to earth. ,Settling down-not to love, courtship, and ultimate marriage-he managed to startsanother batchaof hairs from' their coveit'in -lis flannel, and they, taking a direct doirli for his left shoulder, brought up and over the aforesaid linen. This operation.overilhe old'gtn suiddenly foundtlhat in getting his mo, trimmed, a. few,stragglers had.got mixeil up{ with his -teeth; thise caused another operation, irhibiaeas njgotihted'eo tlaifloor. Another liiir'taking-a ran into his' left ear wvas adroitly 'ferretted]eo t; ihllet,to add to the merriment- oftia s at the rear- a rplimptoit began on ithe "iback', iftlie course, noid being all dawn bill, the hairs~had a fair run, withiexciting results thie chair, ihicih alted as i'ortijofI irdl; came nout' of tho' 'ordeal without dainie." In torturie',it loength tsi i'aener- ablesrose, carefully bruished ofitheremains from his coat, inserted his head inbhii boier and creaked away into the outer worly; hie biir softly 'falling on thud bi'roken asphalt to the musaic of thi midnigbt: ir. Now bring in about the' flor, andit down till I tell you about the lectuie:iYes, rlie Smyth isasmart woman,with a sy6Em full of enery and cautiono and a series Iof 1 61iosf i and c`compensating influences that male: her a somewbat remarkable comj G ipiiiis t u Tall, muscular, well developed' ptaerfect disdain for a broomatick waist-in Mrs. Smytha, w-ho hoae a coummand ing preseoce, 'which she knwes bow to uise Surrounded 'with 'n 'pictlire' gallery ,r worthies of the past, irresent, end unkigowni ages. i couple of gruesome skoletiiois tai seemed to enjoy the fun, a series of itsdiiu on tihe crushing, sepairatioigsald smanlgnrhat ing machinery of the humaniplant- tood the t aturesep, before a largeamad syiypathetic nudience, mainly conaposed'of the 'ers of the race. The.excitement.and nervots neEs attendant on such an undertaking were visible, but in a few minutes confidence came out and enthroned self'posessiion, which reigned supreme throughout tihe in toresting lecture."'l I Now for a for recipes ion tiow to' muses up a fanily pudding. .First, ladies, if you 'find a gentleman so'.excessively modest ray, after a fifteen.years' coiurtilship jist help him a little. Never say anyiltig to a person wihoe Ias a turned up niose., (All, Mrs. Smyth, that'e cruel; we. onco.elived near the Mloonee Ponds Creek. and our nose0 grew op that way, they couldn't help' it). The lecturesesaid there were instances' in this town wherr me'n had married fora living-thon 'suddenly 'reineberiog' that "this town ''was not' alli belbourne 'shelie said, " noi;not is. tlis towa, but In Toorak and St., Kilda."' In Mrs. Smyth's estl-. muation, a's youth who n arines a woman twide as old as his mhother,' is a aijet, riorthyof loatlhing. Now thee, yoa,yong'husbaods with patriarchal mates,.crack that nut. Next. Having got your wife, always kiss her in the morning. Now,'that's sweet;' and Imany of the youog ladies enjoyed hie prospect amazingly, and weot into training with their pretty lips at once. The next lecture will, no doubt, eiplain whata fellow bshould do in the eventof his wife refusing to let him-wicked secret thoughtsays kiss the cook or the nurse.- 'The next.renmarkr brought up a long gasping AB h! from a veteran who had lived in the compsany o a $10 suit for thle past quarter of a ceotury. The lecturees said, f'How nmany wives find in married life the same pleasures that they did whlen courting I things change." 'Yes, the days of lovey-dovey and bobeoy-wobsey are all jujibes andgelstinet, and whenthe sweets melt andhbitter aloes comd aiang. ugh, things do change. I'Bt the hsitof the eveni ng,or better still, the respeosii of ,the entertainment, was reached when the lectureso, now in coofia gration with her suenbject,said," Howmany wites rub their husbands down witlrh a file; and take all thIe corners off l Some wives bring out all tile badqrllalities of'' theii hltusband's"-and right' here cam' out 'd "hear, hear," that made the thigh bones of the skeletons shake imud 'their visongee blanoch.' The lady skeleton evidently had hearld a voice lilke in' before, for she trembled '"quite audibly,' and wanted : to get out of the building.. The audience, however, took a lit, and the old man with the croak wished he had kept as quiet as the ghost, euspended 'at the point 'where thie wool need to grow. Admitted thef some wives dofile around, we know some husbands whoi can retaliate'with the rasp leading their wires. a life 'that iiinet be looked downi upon in disgust by such dea departed spirits as Snirey Gamp 'ir 'Ana tatia Aribella Tabiteiux. With'all due respect toi thr misguided ideas of tire Hone. T. Brunton and F.8 Grimwade, that the totalisator will reduce gambling, theprepondeiance of evidence is directly a iast"them.' Any unbiased person noting the thousands of young 'meti who congregated at the corner of Lonedald Street 'nst iatiurday' to lay in on the totalisator, proved conclusively that'it' 'was not' their love for' sport-asu they; never witnessed an inch of any of the races-but their feverrish desire for money by "hook or by crook." There is not a second opinion that.the "machbine," which belonus to the order known as nefarious 'will intetnsify the. betting mania, and cause more denmoralization than ever) Thero representatives are flying in the face of public opinion and common sense in, advocating' r system that 'i' lioth per' nicious and degrading, with "made easy ' thrown in. "' Alas! another good citizen gone. Let genial rHoga'. cratcie'I.I.P' Ui"[. (it a' ma't'o~ all the' country dear, for hirad affable, large-hdarlted, 'si'd ever ready to' help the helpless. IMany will miss the smiling, and jovial face ef'oeur; l'ite' ex ne-yor, wiho filled thS offiicei with so inucih' satisfaction: to his ,cootituente; rand ihis :colleagues.! il .sn iet,l aunliig; and courteous disposition had gained him many f.iends, and it may be truly said be.died without an enetny in his camp-save the dire disease that racked out his life's breath. lie was a great sufferer; yet with patient resignation he bore up, courageonus to the last. Furthlex- mayorcessndherfamilyletl a prayer go op that heaven will be with her and them in their sad bereavement, and that He who knows best may be 'Father to them in the hour of' their darksides'and sorrow. - .zbiii 13:j .i:; "r1 ýiiý Young Victorianls pause in life's plean auree, and hear the tolling- of the bell fee one'who~iatnommoro.,,'Fot. Qoaepf jour: 'own,'aeho lirs risen'eteipby'seejsihhtnpro feaesion, graduated in public eteem, occupy ling the position of cbuncillor tand mayor, ialeadei aiong: the natiiicsi tiftlisl'and end a oran-sye, a comparatively vary yountig man-has. gone, gone.in all except name anod famo-rcri was risinT..J'.Connelly, ei'pu!aily' knowft 'iatongh bin nihriyitlmats nriceds soo" Jeff." A' yioung 'man befose wirom life had 'ipaned wide likn'as a fan. Aai th1*e lugs in Bendigo wthich eaw.nhis' birtt irang Iralf-maot, many hearts an our; town und c wty wrill beatkin' $nipathy for; I his dearonsi v ho in.thetsrinkllng of an eye were plunged;.into3 the depths of sorrow. .Fprewell, young life so fnllof promise, wih soues high hopes-now mouldersg Laild aild lobaP 1f1.. C ""0 o 