1k' i .:~ fr/APT tor lack.Countruyi of 'SttiStaffo~rdshire. BY ,J GIVTGr.LN'B BTTA NY -( 6lsA;l Special ArrangemenE~t ivith Mews.tr i ar~d, Lock, .LoIvdCn, an~d Co.) C . ERLVIII.(/Contintiltik j SW ore can the cat be'? :i'Oh, ·teo -'--us ell,' cried Sarah, as if suddenlyre c loeting something, 'if those meni aven't been and took the old cup oard as. stood -in the passage out there, and the old eat was in it, and . her new kittens. I'll go down to that ? sale-room directly.- 'Poor thing !' And she put on her bonnet and shawl, and rushed off, pinning the shawl as she went. When Sarah was gone, Miss Dorcas informed Mrs. Rimmon that those papers Joshua had lost were at the bottom of this, and.: managed to make her arrive at the very verge of insanity by the horrors she depicted as the outcome of it all. It was. about three o'clock when Sarah returned in possession of the pdor cat and three kittens. ' Them nmen was brutes, and I told . e.. m so,' she broke out. 'They was a settin' of her up for auction, they was, and 'er a spittin' like mad. Poor pussy,' she added, stroking 'the ad venturer. HIalf-past 4 is the usual'` Black Country tea-time, and' at that. hour tea was ready. Miss -Dorcas had sat on, for in her own mind she believed Joshua would turn up, and she .was not destined to be disappointed. :That, gentleman did turn up just at that time, and'his features did relax into a' smile at the sight of the desolate pie-. ture that met his eye as he entered by the back way. ' Oh, Joshua, Joshua i' cried Mirs. Rimmon, rising fi'om her seat,?:;' why didn't you tell me that we were rained ?' 'You bestir yourselves, and help these men to bring in these things,' was the reply. The words were meaningless till Mrs. Rimmon saw with her own eyes packages passing the window, unmis talkably furniture. 'Oh, missis,' exelaimned Sarah clapping her hands, 'it's such" a beautiful shape, and we're going to new furnish, that's it;' and she set to work with a will, to render all 'the assistance in her pow-er, while her mistress, not. less appalled by the ar rival of the new furniture than she had been by the departure of the old, stood where she wis, and watched the men struggle 'in under their heavy weights. ' They're not Jumley men at. 'all.' said Sarah, explanatorily; .',they' vo come'fronr London, and they'e: going to put the carpets down as they've brought.' Miss Dorcas roused herself to' say, in a. stately manner, ' I saw through it all the time, Ann.' After this speech she *said she .should just go home now, and come up to-morrow to see how things looked, when they were a bit straight. : By'midnight the' house of RBimmoi had 'undergono a veritable transfor mation... The household did not, how ever, retire to rest 'till much' later ; there. was too much to. admire., Mr. Rimmon was actually on tolerably friendly terms with 'his wife, except for an occasional snub.- ' He had had .his joke, and it had, succeeded admir ably; and he had'not explained it 'to her. Before the next lay. was over,.l Mr. Rimmon actually forgot himself so far as to enlighten his wife on the o'sub ject- of the prospective palatial 'resi donce; and it would: be difficult :to decide which pleased her most--the:! idea of the glory to come, 'or ` the" fact' that her lord had actually volunteered the infoi'iation; CHlAPTER LIX. THE PINSXS OF TFEEDOM. After her mother's death 'and birial Madeline retiurned to Mr. Saltriug's? without any resistance on her father's part. 'lIt was agreed between.i her Suncleo and hersolf that she should not part, suddonly from :those vlio had befriended heir in heri sore nood. Moreover, ..they .,'had detorhmincd not to be._ precipitate in:.lotting th'e evenits iwhiich had occurried become known 'to their relatives, for Mr. Rockingham: we~ll k:mnewi:.that nothing short' of the most :dcxterous' action would ,ensuioe for his' niece ;any rccognition" by tlhem. .:Beside : :the Saltrings, o.nly.:.onen family was; :admitted?into: confidence, namoly, thel Towers';'. and that came. about in thlis Mr. Iocl inblianmh i'd- iesolv1dt5 anake inquiries as to trhe places Pelbois . had .visited *hen-. lid' had come to :langtoni; and fortune' so far favour~ed. hiih that it 'was 'of `Jody VWaddy he chanced.to iniquire first? SEarly:in the :inorning after his 'return front . Manchester, he looked first on the church stops for Jody, who .was" indeed there, smoking his little dirtypipe.. He touiched his ha, as the clergyman approached, and ,then waited foir r. Rockingham to address ' Hilave you seen a strarige. foioig . looking .gentleinan: about here: any where ??. Mr. Rockingham asked. ' An' if I laven't respondod Jod"y? solemnly looking upwards, :' may thei Lord-- ' It's' not worth swearing about, :Jody,' put ini` the" clergyman. ' It's a' plainK` quostion, and requiies 'only a plain answer.' ' S' Well, then,' rde?imed Jody, in a tone which implied that he was. quito' .ready to give the plain answer re quired, but that he perhaps took tho word in a wrong sose, ' ho wor thie darnodestfuriner as over stopped mortal earth, and ho'd got the darnedest tongue- ' 'That isn't quite what I meant,' explained M?r. Rockingham. 'Do you happen to know who he came to see?' 'It might ha' been me,' replied Jody, shaking his shaggy head, 'by the way as he called me ' my friend,' when he ought to ha' knowed, too, as I'd rather be friends with a pole cat, or my missis yonder, than 'im., I've never been well sin' he wore hero, andI' feared as he wished Ie ill.' ' Well, well,' saidt r. .iockingham, growing impatient under this tirade, Foi" he felt sure that he referred to Polbois, as in a place like Langton, a foreigner was a rare visitor. ' What was he like ?' 'I don't know,' answered Jody. 'I couldn't abide to look at 'im. Ho looked black enough, I know that; an' he -pulled a hat over his face, he did; an' he asked me to show 'im the way to Doctor Towers's, an' then had the face to grunble at the road. An', 0 Lord, don't I wish I had the burying of 'im; he wor the aggra vatinest furriner--' Jody, to his utter surprise, found himself left at this point by the clergy man. He looked after him as ho dis appeared down the road, with a fixed eye of disapproval. ' Oh'!''lhe'xclaimed, ' I thought he wanted to know abbout:it, but it's like 'em all-lthey all .leave me to talk to the ghosteses.,.;. I ai:n't ..sure . the ghosteses ain't better to .talk to;.t hey don't snap' a: man's noso off, in ar-ansmwerin'.-of[ 'em,'' :the: ghosteses don't, ,,Qld Botty'might;,bIt she ain't a right and proper ghost, to my mind; an' she -couldn't' walk ,for a good while aforo she' died, so 'I don't sup pose 'er ghost can walk.' And the old: man filled his dirty little pipe again. 'Itwas a habit of his to hanul about a spade, as another man might havo done a stick, as a mark of office. He had got his spade now. He only know one song, and that was appropriate to his office ; and between his puffs he sang it now, though lhe hadn't the faintest notion of keeping in tune, and had considerably muti lated the words, in years of repetition. The refrain he likted best was I'vo buried 'em deep an' my duty I've done;' and one liao, referring to the numbers the grave-digger of the song had buried, always brought to his face an individual smirk. Once in sing ing this song at. the Bull's Head, when nhlittle the worse for drink, he had remarked to one of his com panions-no, not companions, for he had none-but one of those seated beside the same fire with himself at that time, 'If thero'd only come a pestilence, as they talk of in" the church, an' I could 'ave the buryin' of 'om, I believe I wouldn't mind dyin' at the end of it myself. When I know as I've buried more than any other sexton, my duty I'll have done.' Mr. IRockingham was far out of reach of the song, for rapid strides had carried him to the corner house, inhabited iby the doctor and' his family.. Doctor Towers had always had a friendly feeling for Mr. Rock ingham, because he had never taken advantage of '-his priesthood to in qiir'o' into private affairs"; so he was always welcome when he called. The tiny sitting-room was empty when ,Mr. Rockingham entered it, and sat 'down on one of. the chintz covered chairs, and looked down the street through the small windo0w: ,The.doctor was just starting out on Lis first round, but he came at once to M1fr. Rockingham. . You are just going out, I fear,' he began, and what I' have come about cannot be put in a nutshell. IHad I not better walk with you ?' ' If you don't mind,' said the doc tor, ' I should be very glad if you would, as. there are some patients I ought to see early. There's; a .good deal of sickness about.' . : .. ;': The clergynian took his hat and put it: on, as the ;sign that he was ready; 'arid he and the doctor passed ouit of the door," and had soon . left .;the straggling village behiid.' . .-, :I' hope you .will' .ot n thinki, be gan the clergyman, with some diffi :deice, ' thliat whiat I am: going rto say' is: undue ' interfeir·nice with'ybur affairs. 'If you willm iave the patience to .hear. me, ijyou:. will see. that at anriy ato.- I am .as-.deeply implicatoed as-anyn'one'' can djhe 0i' the aiffaii : of ' which:I amni going to speak, andl-myI only mi6tive 'is.:to liberate you, if ipossilble, from *,what musti.:bo,,; if my surmises are . corroct,' a; .most ..bitter bond. ;: man who has caused me !the bittorest trouble my life'lhas known is, I find; also connected with yoiir house. , '.!;,The doctor's' great ,;chest -:heaved, iandih.liis" pi6icing. eyes: caught all the expiresion of the- clergymian's face as , ,Thname oif your married sister is the same as that of 'the .iman I .have alluded to. ,.'I ·ave t-aced the man to your' house.' Tlhe doctor's' faco :became very 'pale: ' Will you tell mo in thie, same friendly spirit in which I ask, if that man .ovei professed.: to marry your sistor ?' l He did marry her, replied ,the doctor, hoarsely. SCan you give me the date ?.' ' It was Februaryl, 18--.' '. You are sure of that?' I: hiavo roasdn enough ltobe sure.'' S:Then,' said the', clergyman, ' I am, indeed, a messenger of good to you.' H'ow can you boe ?' S'He is not your sisteir's' husband.' ' Explain yourself.' , 'He married my. sister before .that date.' i The doctor stdod still'intheliroad. The clergymani also .stoplied.'. The two men looked at each other, .a. now" moaning in each face. What a boed there is in a common sorrow ! Tat interchanged look made these two mon brothers. ' Strange, passing strango ! ' said Towers. ' How can I rejoice in your presence ? I feel as if you had taken my place in a prison cell. All the rest is small.' he added, thinking of his sister, ' compared with her'boaring his name and being his wife. That hoe .has betrayed, ruined her, seems nothing to it. At least she is still mine, and need never trouble herself about him again.' SH-Iow you must have suffered,' re sponded the clergyman sadly, ' to have learnt your lesson so well! I, too, have had to learn that the case is less 'wrotched, when a beloved one is cheated and ruined by a bad man, than when he has the right to call her his property, and bid her go and come, and none are able to help or forbid. When I saw Pelbois he told me he .had be'on somewhere after money. Havo you indeed been pay ing him to leave to you what was not his to claim ?' 'That is the whole story.' 'Then it is over, and I have been a messenger of good after all.' 'You have indeed; you have re moved the shadow that covered our house. Death removed one; you have removed the other. If things like this happen to me, I shall believe there is a God of mercy after all.' The clergyman did not begin, as some very young curates would have done, to attempt to prove to this man of science the existence of a God of mercy. Mr. Rockingham con fined his preaching to the pulpit; moreover, he was far-sighted enough to see that Dr. Towers was taking a lesson from a Greater Teacher at that moment, for he had given one little glance upward, and his eyes were suwimming with tears. They walked on a little farther, and the doctor said, 'You have been so very kind to me, and made yourself so close a friend by what you have done, that it cannot be wrong in me to ask you if your sister is beyond the reach of that man.' 'She is beyond the reach of that man, beyond the reach of everyone. Man could not free her, so God did it;' and he addedy as if determined to be thoroughly frank with this man, whom he had respected all along, and now felt a strong affection for, by reason of their common silent suffering 'My sister had a daughter. She is with me. So God has not left me entirely desolate. The doctor looked inquiringly. - ' You must guess it already. Made line is my niece; but I do not wish it to be known at present. I must break it carefully to my family. I would not have Madeline suffer injustice at their hands. She must not go to them or be known to them unless in her rightful position.' 'Pride is a hard dictator at times,' remarked Dr. Towers, with a sign. 'That is true,'. replied the vicar, 'and my family I have found as hard as ever, even when I took my poor` darling's remains to their resting place in the family vault. But I have a plan in my head that shall right Madeline, and until then, she shall remain at Mrs. Saltring's as before, which she is very willing to do.' More might have been said, but the doctor's time was of importance, and they were at the gate of the house he was to visit first. f(o be Coutiuued.) 