ALONE ON A WIDE, WIDE SEA BY W. CLARK RUSSELL. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. CHAPTER XVirr.— (Continued.) Tlioro ib 110 occasion tor 1110 to roniie upon toy condition ; tho psychologist might woll laugh at my speculations ; yot I will venture to say this, that when I look back and recol lect imr feelings at this time, then, knowing that I was without memory to excite in mo tho detestation with which I had listened to Captain Ladmore's communication of Mr. Harris' offer, I cannot doubt that the wild antagonism of my heart to it must havo been owing to tho memory of instinct— a memory that may havo 110 more to do with tho brain than a deep-rooted iiabit has to do with tho consciousness. But not to dwell upon this. I sat motion less on my bed for I know not how long a time, thinking and thinking ; I tlion bathed my face and cooled my hands in water and stood at the open window to lot the draught caused by tho lolling of tho ship breathe upon me, and thus 1 passed the afternoon. shortly beforo the iirst dinner-bell rang Mrs. Richards knocked 011 my door. I bade her enter. She tried the handle and found tho bolt shot. This was unusual, and 011 entering she gazed at 1110 with attention. &ho; asked me what the matter was, and I answered that the heat had - caused my head to ache and tliat I had been lying down. No doubt she perceived an expression on my face which told her that something more than a headache ailed mo, but she did not press lier questions. Site had come to say that Mrs. Lee sent her love and wished to know what had become of mc during the afternoon. "I hope to sit with Miss Lee this even ing," said I, " but I shall not dino at tho dinner-table." "Then I will bring you some dinner here," f aha said, and after we had conversed a littlo while about tho heat of tiie weather and I about Alice Lee, the kind motherly little f woman left me. I could not rally my spirits. Tile mere thought of what Captain Laclmore had said to mo induced a feeling of crushing humilia tion ; and then there was that deep, mysterious, impenetrable emotion of loath ing which I havo before mentioned. Oh, it was shocking to think that my condition Bhould be so cruelly forlorn ns to challenge an offer of marriage from such a man as Mr. Harris. Nothing could' havo mado 1110 more bitterly understand how helpless I was, how hopeless, how lonely. I sought comfort iu tho recollection of Alice's words ; but not only did it miserably dispirit 111c to think that tho dear girl must die before the wish she ex pressed could take effect ; I was haunted by the captain's language — that the world was cold — that the kindly intentions of shipboard acquaintance were not very lasting — that when people stepped ashore after a voyage the memories they carried with them speedily perished out of their minds. I ate a little of the dinner that Mrs. Richards brought me, but I had not the heart to leave my cabin. I fult as though I had been terribly degraded and outraged, and my inability to understand why 1 should thus feel when all the while I was saying to myself nothing but kindness was meant, 110 insult could possibly be intended — 1 say my inability to understand the dark, Bubtle protest and loathing and sense of hav ing been wronged that was in my mind half crazed me. Twice Mrs. Richards arrived with a mes sage, first from Mrs. Lee ancl then from Alice, inviting me to their cabin, but I answered that my head ached, that I did not feel well, and when the door was closed I Rtood at the porthole breathing the air that floated warm off tho dark stagnant waters and watching tho stars reel to the sluggish motions of the vessel. Presently I heard the sonnd of a boll ; I counted the chimes — they were eight; and so I knew the hour to ho eight. , I list then, someone gently knocked' on- tlio door; it was not tho stewardess' familiar rap. I said " Come in," and the door was opened. " All in the dark, Agnes ?" exclaimed the voice of Mrs. Lee. " What is the matter with you, my dear? Why have you not come to Alice, who has been expecting to see you all tho evening?" "I am no low-spirited, dear Mrs. Lee, that I am not lit company for Alice," I answered. " Will you light tho lamp," said she, "that wo may see each other?' I lighted the lamp and she closed tho door and seated herself, viewing me steadily and taking no notice of tho interior of the berth, though this was her first visit to these steer age quarters. " You look pale," said she ; " pale and worried. Are you really ill, or is it the mind? Tell me, my dear. The mind may be making a groat effort that effects yon like physical sickness would, but it may bo the very efl'ort to pray for. 1 had felt that nothing conld induce mo to nonfcs3 what had passed, but the tenderness of her voice and manner broke me down. Her sudden presence made me acutely feel the need of sympathy. But my heart, was too full for speech. I took her hand and, bowing my head upon it, wept. She did not speak whilst I sobbed, but soothingly caressed my hair with a toucli soft and com forting as tier daughter's. After a whilo I grew composed, and then, with my face averted, 1 told her that the captain IlUtl iaUIAli JUl nil; aibui iiuibii) auil repeated to her the oiler Mr. Harris had requested him to make to me. »She lis tened attentively, and, on my ending, ox- claimed : " Well, my dear, it is a proposal of marriage as extraordinary in its manner of reaching you as the whole character of the man who made it. But what is there in it to cauRO you to fret and keep.yourself looked up in this dark iflaco ?" " It affects mc as a dreadful insult.1' "But why? It is not meant as an insult. Captaiu Laduiorc is not a man to suffer one of Ilia officers to insult you through -him." " I cannot explain, Mrs. Lcc. This offer of marriage has allocked me as though it had been some horrid outrage, and 1 do not know why." Slio silently regarded me. " But that is not ail," I continued. " The loathing, the horror the oiler has caused is too deep. I feel that it is too deep to bo owing merely to the offer. Some sense, lving iu blackness within me, has been shocked and outraged. But that is not all; tho offer has made me feel how lonely I am, how utterly hopeless my future must be if my memory docs not return to me." "It is very strange," said she, "that you should feel that this extraordinary recoil as of loathing comes not from Mr. Harris himself as it were, but from his offer." "You exactly express it," I exclaimed; "it is not tho man but tho proposal which fills me with loathing." "Ancl you do not understand why this should bo ?" said she. "No, because the man means kindly. TTo approached mc oven with delicacy through the captain. There is nothing which should make me loathe him." "And still Ills oiler fills you with horror and disgust?" "Yes." Sticfcurvoyed me for a while, lightly running her eye over me with an expression of in quiry, She then said, "Do you remember what that gipsy woman told you ?" I reflected and answered, " She told mc much that I remember." " She told you," said she, " that you were a married woman. What else she said matters not. But she told you, Agnes, that J'ou wero married, and that you havo left a luaband who wonders and grieves over your / absence." I drew a deep tremulous breath, not fcnow- 1 ing what meaning she had in her mind. " From what you have now told mo," she continued, "I am disposed—mind, my dear, I only say disposed — to believe that the gipsy womau may be right." "Brum what I havo now told you!" I echoed. " What can cause this deep recoil in you from Mr. Harris' offer? What can occasion your detestation of it and tho bitter feeling of flliainc? It caunot bo tho offer of the man ! It reached you in the most inoffensive manner possible. There is hardly a woman who would not find something m such an offer of marriage made by such & man under such conditions to laugn at. No honorable offer of marriage can fill a woman with loathing. A man can pay a woman no higher compli ment than to ask her to ho Iub Mite, and no woman, therefore, is to he unutterably out raged. as you tell me you are, by the highest compliment our sex eon receive. Nor is it as though Mr. Harris were a monster of a figure and face to justify the disgust his offer has excited. What, then, is tho reason of thin abhorronco?" She sank into a reverie, during which I watched her almost breatnlnssly. " t. shall nob ba at all surprised, Agues," said she, pre sently, " if you prove to be a married woman in spite of your nob wcariug a wed ding ring. There must be a reason for your not wcariug a weddiug ring, nnd some of these days, please God, you will be able to account for its missing from your finger. 1 believe, yes, I earnestly holieve," she went on, looking at mo eagerly in tho eyes, " that your antipathy to tfiia offer, the sense of insult that has attended this offer, arises from a rebellion of tho instiucts which possess the truth, though they are unable to cominuni- oatoitto tho intelligence. Tho impression of marriago — tho great momentous stop of every woman's life— is too deep to perish. Your ecerot horror, your unaccountable loathing, io the subtle and unintelligible re volt of your chastity as a wife against an offer that is on insult to that chastity I believe this, my dear. I do indeed. " Oh God V I cried, and my bursting heart could find no other vent than that cry of "Oh God I" "You must not bo distressed," continued ,Ahc dsr little woman, caressing my hand, " becauBO tmr speculations should bo tending the right Stay. Suppose wo are able to satisfy oursclYes that you are a wife ; tho knowledge will bo a distinct gain, something to employ with profit on our return to England. But to do able to form no ideas whatever about you, my dear . . And now I wish to say a word about your future. Can you believe, that after our as sociation on board this ship, after tho friend ship between you and iny darling child, I could boar to lose sight of you on our re turn home ? . . But you have been so much upset by what has happened to-day that I will not talk to you about the future. Gome with mo to Alice," said she, rising, " It is not long after 8, she has been wanting you alL the afternoon and evening, ana will bo ghul if you will sit with her for an hour." And now happened another interval of shipboard life, during which there occurred nothing of interest enough to trouble you with. That Captain Ladmoro had delivered my answer to Mr. Harris, and that he had also requested, perhaps commanded, his first officer to trouble me no further with his attention, I could not doubt ; for when next morning! met Mr. Harris at tho breakfast tabic I never once caught him looking my way. The twist of his mouth scorned a little drvcr than usual, and his countenance might generally express a slight increase of acidity of feeling; nevertheless, ho talked some what more freely than was commonly his custom, was attentive to what was said, and appeared to direct liis eyes at everybody but at me. His behaviour made mc easy, the more bo since I was sure he would not talk of what had passed, so that tho ridiculous and, to mc, the humiliating incidont would be known to nobody on board excepting the Lees and the captain of the ship. Aud here I may as well say — for it is time that I should dismiss the few shadowy figures which flit between this part of my story and the sequel — that ever alter, whilst I remained on board the Deal Ca3tle the behaviour of Mr. Harris remained the same ; that is to say, ho never looked at me and never accosted ine. If I approached that part of the deck where he was standing ho instantly walked away. For a day or two after I had received his "offer" I would briefly salute him with a " Good morning" or some such phrase if wc had not before met in the day, but ho never turned his eyes to my face nor answered me nor took any notice of mo, for which behaviour in him, as you may suppose, I was truly thaukfuL And yet, somehow, he so contriver his manner that his downright cutting of mc, if I may so express it, was much less noticeable than his conduct had been whilst, r.3 I may suppose, he was making up his mind to offer me marriage. Nobody remarked upon his behaviour— -I never, indeed, hoard a whisper about it. He was indeed an extraordinary person in his way. I suffer my memory to dwell briefly upon him before be stalks ghost-like off the little stage of my dark and memorable experience. I have no doubt whatever ho was in earnest in his desire to marry mc, and 1 have since understood that it was in tho power of Captain Ladmoro to unite us, for it seems that amongst tho privileges enjoyed by the master of a merchant vessel is the right to solemnise holy matrimony and to make two people one as effectually as though they were tied together by a clergyman on shore. I often recall tlio poor man and speculate on his motive. It would be ridicu lous to feigu that he had fallen in love with mc; my face and thin white hair must have preserved him from that passion. He might, indeed, have imagined in mc certain intel lectual graces and qualities and fallen in love with his own ideal. Was it pure goodness of heart that caused him to take pity oil my lonely and helpless condition? Or — the notion having been put into his head by Sir Frederick Thompson — did he secretly believe that I bclougcd to a fino old family, that hia marriage to me would connect him with people of title and wealth, and that for all no knew when my memory returned I would be able to tell him that'he had married a fortune, or enough money, at all events, to release him from a calling which he appeared to hate? His straDge offer of marriage, however, re sulted in persuading me that I was a married woman. It would never havo entered my head to imagine such a thing but for Mrs. Leo, and then when I came to think over her words, and to reason upon the horror that had visited me whilst I listened to Captain Ladmoro, there grew up in my mind a strong secret conviction that I was a wife. It was not xv discovery. Indeed as a surmise it was no more helpful to my memory than the little city knight's assurauco that I was a member of the house of Galthorpe ; and yet it could not have affected me ?norc had it been a discovery. I would lie awake for hours during the night thinking of it. When I was with Alice my mind would wander from the book I read aloud to her from, or my attention would stray from her language whilst my whole intellectual being sank as it were into the black chasm of memory, where the mind with sightless vision would go ou fruitlessly groping until the useless quest grew at times into so keen a torment that often I was convinced I should go mad. Again and again when alone in my berth I took down the Little mirror, as I hud been used to do in the earlier passages of this ex perience, and sitting with it in my hands in a posture that brought the light flowing through the porthole on to my face so that the reflec tion of my countenance lay brilliantly in tho mirror, 1 would peruse my lineaments, search mine own eyes, dwell upon the turn of my lips, and all tho while I would be ask ing myself with a soft whisper, but with a heart racked with the anguish of hopeless inquiry — Who am I ? Can it bo that I am a Mite? Oh, God ! what is it which seems to assure me that Mrs. Lee's belief that I am a wife is true? And then I would Bay to my self whilst I sat gazing at my face in the mirror, "If I am a wife, I may have children. Can it be that there are children of mine own in the unknown homo in the unknown couutry from which God has banished mc in blindness ; that there are children there whose mother I am, who call mc mother, who have cried for me in the day and in tho night as their mother who lias gone from them ? Can it he so ?" I would U3k myself. Ami then I would bend the car of my mind t-o the mute lips of my dead or sleeping memory, and imagination would strain within me to catch some echo of a child's voice, of a child's cry or laugh, that would remind mc and give mo back the image of what, since 1 now believed myself a wife, 1 imagined that I had lost. (To be continued). 