'JjjfofyTEitet THE ' SECP' OF BAIfflAYOE. '. ? CHAPTER I— (Continued). The man Las been beaten down by ill fortune, I thought to myself, that ho is unable to feel the buoyancy of hope. Then I fell to wondering about Kath leen. Her mother must have been a lady, that was clear ; but a lady in this house— what an existence ! And lvatn lecn herself — what sort of an education could she have had, accustomed to be employed in the rough work pf tho houae hold,; to cook and wash, arid be treated: like a servant ! ' I almost feared to see her again,, lest some coarseness of speech or uncouthness of manners should drivo away the recollection of that sweet, . bright face, that ray of sunshine that had fallen across the heavy gloom of her father's company. And almost im mediately I reproached mysolf for my suspicions. ..No, Kathleen could never be ' uncouth, or clumsy. . Candour and refinement 'may exist even with sordid poverty. Then I looked again at her father. Ho, sat in his chair puffing at his sullen pipe, his thin, nerveless hands grasping the leather; arms, silent, mys terious, unmoved, or possibly only struck dumb at the news I had brought him. Wo sat on thus in the deeping shadows. ?'the rain- beating against the windows, and blotting out the dim prospects1 of, nettles and weeds, and the large syca more-tree, whose! heavy f oliaged branches overarched the bit of ivy-covered wall Just as tho. silence and. the , stillness were 'becoming almost unbearable, Kath , leen .returned and invited, us to supper. . , Apparently a girl, a red-armed country lass had finished her milking for she waited on us in the whitewashed parlor where the meal was prepared. It might. Lave been' the servants' hall or the house keeper's room in the old days ; now it served as dining-room, and was as cold, and bare} and-ill-i nrnished an. apartment as could well be conceived. A crumbling oak ..bureau., stood at one end, and . a mahogany sideboard at the , other'; be tween them, like three uncomfortable ghosts, we sat on our old leather chairs round the poorly-spread board. The tablecloth was clean though coarse, the glass and'ehina of the commonest and most old- fashioned description ; yet, like some strange jewel in a peasant's hand, in the middle of that coarse linen and cracked china stood a dainty and beauti ful old silver epergne, in which some one * Lad thrust' a; bunch of beautiful, crimson roses, the dew still poised on their leaves and clinging to the depths q£ their sweet perfumed breasts. : The some one who Lad done this of course wss Kathleen ; and in the presence of that spark of faste and refinement I forgot the common food and the awkwardness of the girl who stood and stared, dish-cover in hand, and knocked the plates together with a merciless jingle. Kathleen drank water ; her father and I mixed ours with whis key,|which gradually unloosed the tongue of my host, and disposed him to a kind of ? sheepish cordiality. wo once more returned to the study and lit our pipe3 (Kathleen had vanished, and the room seemed duller and dingier than before.) 'Wo are ivory poor, and yon are almost tho first person who has stayed with us for years.' $' It am afraid I have caused you inconvenience.' -; V That's impossible. You must take ?what you- can got, and wo can give no more'. Beggars mustn't be choosers,' he added, with an unpleasant smile. 'I have given your daughter trouble.' ' Stuff ! my daughter is a good girl. She does not mind trouble ; besides, ybung-jhien dp not 'come hore every day. I .'suppose women aro the same all the world over.' He did not look amiable as he uttered thescwords in. a sarcastic tono, and I oould Only surmise that ho also ? had noticed tho red roses, and that the un wonted attempt at decoration somehow annoyed him. I ventured soothingly : ' Your daughter is very handsome.' '.',Eh ? do you think so ? Others are of the same opinion. Have you no pretty girls in England, Mr. Barclay ?' ' Yes, of course,' I said confusedly fearing that my attempt at conciliation Lad been taken as an insult. ' But I don't much about England ; I've been in America, these last ten years.' ' America is a good place, I suppose?' lie inquired ; ' a good placo for a young man, I mean, with tho world before liini/'A. ':' ?'; :;???' ''' 'Certainly, if he has intelligence and chooses to1 work.'' ?? ??'''?? 'There's no scope for a man. here. Frankly,1' what could anyone do who lived in a house like this, for instance ? ' I remained silent ; the problem seemed a hopeless one. 'A man who is not quite too old for ambition, and dreams of better things, and wl'O has pride and loves liberty. I understood him to be speaking of his own case ' It is hard to say,' I replied, doubt fully. ' Ah, Mr. Barclay, you haven't known bettor days, and learnt to do without everything '? you wanted, and grown to hate anyone hotter off and more pros perous than yobrself, and thought of your children, and ? ' 'But things are changed now,' I said, there is a future in store ? ' ;? 'For whom — for me 7 Did you think of .myself ? Not a bit of it. I'm too old to change. I shall die hore as I have lined — like a dog.' Ho dropped his voice, which had a low tierce murmur in it, as ho said the last words, and I could scarcely be sure if I bad heard right. 'Ah, how little you young Englishmen, with your energy and your lightness, and your commonplace panaceas for all ills, know about us, our loves and our hates, and our deep-rooted jcalousios and pre judices ! Ha ! time will show. Will you have some more toddy, or shall we go to bed ? ' {To be Continued.) 