ECHOES FROM THE OLD WORLD : BT GEOBGE AUGUSTUS SALA. [Written for THE" ILLUSTRATED SYDNEY NEWS;] THERE have been Ages of Stone, Bronze, Geld, Brass, and Hypocrisy. I do not think we should be very far wrong if we qualified the present; epoch as the Age of Affectation, especially as regards nomenclature. I read in the " Fashion- able Intelligence " of the MORNING POST that the Duke of Northumberland has been giving a garden party at "Syon." In the name of commonsense, why "Syon"? His Grace of Northumberland has a splendid mansion called Sion House, Isleworth. At least Foster's " Peer- age " gives " Sion " in the edition of 1882. His Grace's ancestors resided at "Sion" and not " Syon" House, in the year 1773, for I read in a letter from Horace Walpole to Mason, at the period just quoted : " Mr. Adam has published the first number of his ' Architecture.' In it is a magnificent gateway and screen for the Duke of Northumberland, at Sion, which 1 see erecting every time I pass ; " and again, in the same year, Horace writes to the Countess of Ossory: "Ido not know a teaspoonful of newe. I dined and passed the evening of Saturday with the Hertford party at Sion-not at the great Sion, the Duke of Northumberland's, but at Lady Hoiderness's." * * There is no possible excuse for the affectation of spelling Sion " Syon." I have looked in Dr. Wm. Smith's "Dictionary of the Bible" for the etymology of Mount Sion, which (by the way) has nothing to. do with Zion. I cannot read the Hebrew for Sion, but the Greek is " to oros," the mountain, "tou Seon"-with a long e. In Latin it is " Mons Sion." If I am told that Sion House, Isleworth, has no reference to one of the various nameo of Mount Hermon, I ask in reply, what " Syon " means at all. There is no such noun in the English language, and no such proper name in the Post Office London Directory. * * * In the illustration of passinsr events served up "hot and hot," the DAILY GRAPHIC certainly takes the cake, breaks the record, and wakens all kinds of imaginable snakes. Fire, famine, and slaughter have all furnished food for the picture papers these many years past, but until Monday, July 18,1 never saw an engraving illustrative of the cholera. In the DAILY GRAPHIC of the date just mentioned there is a drawing of a ward in the barracks at Tiflis, in Asiatic Russia, in which a score of patients are represented as suffering from cholera. There is a priest administering extreme unction to a moribund patient, and in the foreground two mourjiks are carrying out a corpse on a stretcher. * * # I have, it is true, an old picture of Asiatic cholera, but it is in my mind's eye. I can re- member the cholera outbreak of 1832. We lived in North Audley- street, opposite the town house of the Earl of Clarendon. One of the domestics in his lordship's family had died from the pre-, vailing pestilence. The coffin was brought but of the house, strongly secured by ropes ; an immense crowd gathered ; a wild rumour spread that the body had not been washed. I can bear the howl- ing mob now. It grew so riotous that a party of Foot Guards had to be sent for from Portman street Barracks. Mr. William Toynbee is a bold man. He has undertaken to translate no less than 63 songs of Bèranger. Fortune favours the brave, and Mr. Toynbee's translations into English verse have ?just been published by Walter Scott (Limited). I remember, about 40 years ago, a publication of "One Hundred Songs of Bèranger," but the lyrical version in question was scarcely satisfac- tory. There are some ballads of the great Chan- sonnier so essentially idiomatic that it is as diffi- cult to render them into English verse as it would be to translate an ode of Pindar into the measure of the " Ingoldsby Legends ;" while there are others which for Grundyian reasons are manifestly untranslatable at all. To this latter category belong "La Bacchants," "Lo Senator/' "Ma Grand'mere," and " La Bonne Fille." * * * In a leader in the DAILY NEWS there is told a good story of a missionary.who, while engaged in theological controversy with an Australian black man, found that his catechumen always retired into the bush at a certain point of the argument. He had at last the curiosity to follow his friend, and found the blackamoor lying on his back in an ecstasy of laughter. The joke it turned out to be was the immortality of the soul, or, more probably, something in the missionary's statement which produced à pun or jest in Australian. Which Australian. Almost every tribe of "black- fellows " has its different dialect. The Austra- lian aborigines have a dim notion of a future state. * * .* They have no belief in a Supreme Deity, no form of worship, but they have an extreme dread of ghosts and demons ; they have no idols, and no form of propitiation to the spirits, except the incantations professed to cure diseases which demons are supposed to produce. Nevertheless, they seem to believe in a future existence anala gous to the happy hunting grounds of other savages; but to get there does not depend on virtue, but on the deceased person bein? properly buried. Aborigines who are killed in battle, and whose bodies are left to rot to be devoured by dingoes, are supposed to become wandering and malevolent ghosts, haunting caves, thickets, and even pools of water. The strangest tenet of the Australian natives is a comparatively modern one. They believe that white men are the spirits of the natives come to life again, and that they themselves, after death, will be changed into white men, and will enjoy all the privileges of the superior race. U; ^ i We all know the story of the inquisitive gentle- 1 man who asked Sir Philip Francis whether he I would tell him, once for all, whether he wrote the I famous letters, to which Francis simply replied, 1 " At your peril ? " But not so well-known is the anecdote of the extremely dunder- headed noble- man who, during his long life, had never said, written, or done anything worthy of remem- brance, but who, on his deathbed, sent for a select number of friends in order to assure them, on the word of a dying man, that he was not " Junius." ? *' * I was a guest on Monday, July 18, at a most festive and interesting banquet given by the Italian Chamber of Commerce in London, in the Whitehall Booms of the Hotel Metropole. The Italian Ambassador, Count Tornielli, was in the chair, and on his right was the guest of the evening, H.R.H. the Duke of Aosta, whom I had last seen in the winter of 1891, when H.R.H , in full military uniform, was driving in his dog-cart on the Lung Arno, at Florence. On, Monday the youthful prince was in plain evening dress, and looked very well and happy. He made a capital speech in Italian in response to the toast of his health, which the Italian ambassador proposed in very good English. . * # * Rarely have I been at such a polyglot gather- ing. Sevetal Italian gentlemen orated in admir- able English. The Lord ; Mayor/ and Sir Albert Rollitt also delivered stirring addresses in the Queen's vernacular ; but the Distressed Compiler, ' having to return thanks for the Press, began in ' English, put soon drifted into the language of his forefathers, and for the moment yielded to the hallucination that his Christian name was Claudio Sebastiano, a Roman citizen, and that he came to England to seek his fortune 150 years ago. # The assemblage was more than a polyglot one, it was intensely patriotic ; but the patriotism was happily double-barrelled. When His Excellency the Chairman proposed the health of the Queen , and the Royal Family, the great body of Italian guestB sprang to their feet, cheered wildly, and when the band struck up " God Save the Queen/' the Italians joined heartily in the words of the National Anthem. They were as enthusiastic when the health of their own King was proposed. But what do you think was the melody that followed that particular toast ? Upon my word, it was "iFor He's a Jolly Good Fellow." Then we had "The Roast Beef of Old England," " Rule Britannia," " The British Grenadiers," and " The Italian National Hymn " as a wind un. 