FOOTLIGHT FANCIES. " The Flowers of the Forest " ought to have attracted large houses 5 for there is plenty of killing in it, and the public like "murder and sudden death," if it is only on the stage. Three of the "Flowers" are cut off in full bloom, and that simplifies the denouement. Mr. Stilling Duff was the first to die. He was shot, and it was a good thing he retired early, because he had to represent a nasty sort of chap whom the audience did not like. If he had stayed much longer he would have been hissed, which is usually a big compliment to the actor. Mr. Duff threw a lot of malignant emphasis into his lines, and pourtrayed the part to the life. Miss Athena Claudius died second, after exhibiting some excellent acting, and Quiz was mighty sorry that she did not successfully escape from the law, because she was supposed to expire from " suspended animation." Miss Lillian Beddard concluded the trio of tragedies by stabbing herself. She was a gipsy, and had to kill the man she loved, and rather than do that the stiletto was buried in her own breast, and down came the curtain. All through Miss Beddard showed real ability, and her death scene was a triumph. Harry Hoyte had some thick " fat" as a brigand-looking gipsy, and he made the most of it. The humor of the piece was wooden, but Oily Deering and Charley Brown raised a smile or two. "Flowers of the Forest" is like the libretto of a romantic opera. The introduced dances relieved the sombreness of the plot, and a few more supers would have added piquancy to the stage grouping. * * * " Gabrielle," as was reported last week,.was written specially for Miss Beddard, and she has no particular reason to be proud of it. Honestly speaking, it is a lugubrious kind of play, and when the curtain is finally rung down you want to go and sit in a saloon for an hour or two and talk to a pretty barmaid to get the taste out of your mouth. Miss Beddard, like many another " Star," imagines herself a tragedienne when she is only a comedienne. The sooner she has a settling up with her conscience the better will the Australian public appreciate her. The other members of the Company did their best to help on the show, and a very good " best" it was, but " Gabrielle" may with safety be placed upon the shelf. * * * " The Colleen Bawn" was staged for St. Patrick's night and proved a draw. This evening "The Lady of Lyons," with all its tawdry sentiment, will be placed upon the boards and the Beddard season will terminate. * Owing to some hitch in the arrange ments of the " Evangeline " Company, the precise nature of which it is impossible to state, Mr. Wybert Reeve has decided to star for a fort night, and he has retained the services of the whole of the members of the Lillian Beddard Company. The opening production will be " The Crushed Tragedian" to-morrow night, and this is perhaps the second best role in Mr. Reeve's repertoire. Count Eosco is his chef chceuvre, and it is probable that there has been none better. " The Woman in White" will be staged during the season, and as the weather is cool theatrical patrons ought to assert themselves once more. V ^ vU V V Have you seen the Craggs 1 Of course, very few of you have done so. but you will have an opportunity to morrow evening of making the acquaintance of this talented family of acrobats. In their feats they surpass anything before seen in Ade laide, and that is saying a good deal. All their acts are new and startling, and L. J. Lohr, who is representing George Musgrove, and who couldn't tell a lie if he tried to do so, says they are bound to knock Adelaide folk endways, whatever that may mean. There is also to be a band contest, and Monty Browne, who has been acting as local representative, promises a musical treat. If Lohr would only play the flute and Monty beat the big drum Quiz would take his mother-in law to the Jubilee Exhibition Building on each of the three nights the show is to be open. ❖ ❖ Poor Bill Leake has passed in his checks and gone to a land where the ghost ever walks, and where the weary actor has no more parts to learn. He had many friends even in Adelaide, where he was perhaps less known than in either Melbourne or Sydney, and during the six months that he has been lying at death's door in the Adelaide Hospital general regret has been expressed. He leaves a widow, who was with him at the time of his death, and no children. Mr. Leake was an Englishman, but at an early age went to America, from which country he came to Australia in 1880\. He played the principal part in Bartley Campbell's deama, " My Partner," in Sydney and Melbourne with great success, and was also known as a capable exponent of Shakesperian characters, his Richard the Third being highly spoken of. Adelaide playgoers' acquaintance with Mr. Leake of late years was when he played Yank Thursby in " Hans the Boatman," and still more recently in his connection with the Gerald and Duff Company. On the last occasion of the performances by that Company he was taken so ill as to necessitate bis removal to the Hospital, and he never left that institution until his ieath, which occurred on Tuesday. Many a worse man still lives. n* ■ n -T Stanley, thanks to the judicious puffing of his indefatigable agent, R. S. Smythe, enjoyed a splendid season of five nights at the Town Hall. People were anxious to see the explorer, and so they pardoned an absence of those powers which the ordinary lecturer is supposed to possess. * * The Lynch Family of Bellringers, who are favorably known throughout the length and breadth of Australia, will open for a season of four nights in the Town Hall on Thursday evening, March 24. The bellringers require no flattery ; their names are sufficient to ensure good houses. * * * The Cyclorama is still doing a good ding-dong business. Last week the country folk who had come to town for the Agricultural Show made it a part of their duty to visit " Jerusalem," and it is unnecessary to say that they were delighted with the beautiful picture. TV * il ls Mick Tier going to anticipate Carl Hertz with the illusion, " Strou baika T * * * Five days of international cricket in Adelaide will surely satisfy the appetite of the most voracious follower of the noble game. There will be numerous visitors from Victoria and New South "Wales, and already enthusiasts are beginning to arrive from the Far North. Quiz pins his faith to the Australian colors, and he will wear sackcloth and ashes for a fortnight if those colors are not victorious. * * * Quiz is glad to hear that the garden fete at the Acacias in aid of the Building Fund of the Kensington and Norwood Institute was, thanks to the ladies, a success. 