AUSTRALIAN MYTHS. (Fiicw BtrOBAvu.) The Australian aborigines have a curious myth with regard to the origin of water They say that originally there was no water in Australia They got along very comfort- ably without it till one day some adven- turous spirit suggested that they ought to do something to procure it A solemn eon clave was held, and thej determined toapplj to the oldest and wisest inhabitant as to the course to be pursued to attuin their object Ihe venerable native listened to their oom plaint, and told them that the water was con tamed in the stomach of a gigantic toad which lived in a cave at the top of one of their highest mountains AU that was required was to make lum laugh, when the water would run out ol his mouth Another great consultation was held, when it was decided that all the animals should be asked to give theirco operation to obtain the desired result 'lins they readilj agreed to, and natives and animals repaired in u great body to the toad's mountain to trj their powers in thevvuj 01 laugh raising '1 he lirst to make the essay was tho ass Ile brajed so loud that he might have been a demn_OL,ne expatiating on the cumes of the classes as against the virtues of the masses He shook his long ears till they rattled again, he kicked his heels into the air higher than anj donkey had ever elevated them betöre, he cut the most fantastiL capers all to no nse, and the toad did not so much as wink an eyelid Crestfallen the donkey retired and the cock strutted up with a sen satisfied air as thouji he and he alone knew the secret ot how to make the tooti luuth But alas for the vanity of feathered aspira tions his crowini, and iUpping of wings ha 1 no more eftcct than his predecessor s braj ing and he too retired discomfited One after the othei all the animals birds, and fishes tried their best to raise a 1 tuc,h hut with no better success At last when everyboly wta beginnin- to despair came the eel wriggling along on the ¡.round, and strange to îelate the to id blinked unejehd and vv atched ita contortions Seem-this the eel raised lumsell into an arch and w ulked along on his hind and Install Those watching the gigantic toad saw the muscles of Ins mouth begin to quiver Now the eel twisted himself into a single knot i nd walked solely on his head Io! and behold the toa 1 smiled and out ot each side of his mouth w uter bcum to trickle dow n Seeing this the eel redouble 1 his efforts , he twistid himself into a double knot and walke I juuntilj along on his head and his tail lins extraordinär} performance was too much lor the toad he opened his mouth and lau"hed loud and long Out gushe I th water in a mieht} torrent down the mountain side and spreihn. over the con trv formed rivers lakes and pools and down too came the natives rejoiunf, that atlastthej w ould Jim e an abundance of water Hie follow mi, storj shows that "hosts can be v intl icti v e in \ ictoriu and resent meddling with the body thev once inhabited A man travelling in the country of a fncndlj tril e came upon a deserted habitation Above the doorway he Baw the usual crooked stick pointing in the direction the familj bad I taken and all round about the place pieces of bark cGvered vvith white chu indicating a I death He found tracks leading to ii tree in which he suon discovered a tieaa Doay. Anxious to know who had died, he laid down his rug and weapons at the foot of the tree and ascended it. On removing the opossum rug from the face he found that it was a friend. He wept for' a long ' time, then went away. He had not gone fur when be heard some magpies making a great noise as though they saw something strange. He turned round to see what it was, and to his tenor saw the ghost of the deceased come down and follow him. He was so terrified he could, not move, but managed to address it iii these terms: " Why do you Irighten me when I have come to see you and never did you any harm ?" It never spoke, but followed liiin for a con- siderable distance, scralching his back with its nails, and then returned to the tree. AVhen lie reached his friends he told them what had happened, showed them his back lacerated and bleeding ; und said he luid a presentiment that something bad would befall him before long. At the next meeting of the tribes he wu3 speared through the heart. 