^fail-j^etog/. MUSIC AND THE DRAMA. [From our own Correspondent.] London. Seotember. 23. 1892. The most remarkable feature of the Three Choirs Musical Festival at Gloucester seems to have been Dr. Hubert Parry's 4-ratorio 'Job,' -which, carried the critics fairly off their legs. The Times pronounces it a wonderful piece of work, worthy of Purcell at his best, and sure to become widely popular. This choice treasure - is brief, lasting barely ? an hour; and' containing no part ior a remale. voice. Its plan is wholly unconventional, for it has only two formal solos ; one being a delightfully fresh pastoral ditty for a shepherd lad who watches Job's herds and nocks, and the other a very energetic air for Satan, who bids the storm and tempest destroy what the Sabean hordes had left. The bulk of the oratorio' consists of Job's ' Lamentation,' a bass solo lasting 17 minutes, and the remonstrance which the composer with admirable judg ment uas assigned to the chorus. Both these sections are said to be full of extraordinary effects, every idea being couched in music of a curiously graphic character. There is not, another enthusiastic critic avers, a ghost of. a fugue in the oratorio, and it ends with a recitative. Another novelty at Gloucester ?which met -with general approval waB Mr. Lee Williams's church cantata 'Geth- semane,' a companion to his 'Last Night at Bethany.' The libretto (by Mr. Joseph Bennett) is a skilful mixture of Scripture texts jind original verse, anil the music is s,tu'diously simple arid devo tional. The composer holds the' position of organist at Gloucester Cathedral. On the othgr hand Professor Bridges' ' Lord's Prayer' and ' MisS'Hosaniond Ellicott's xsircn ot song receive mucumoamea praise. Of the vocalists engaged Mr. Plu'nket Greene scored brilliantly in 'Job.' If anyone can dramatise ' The Silence of Dean Blaitland' I should say Mr. Pinero is the man; He intends the piece on dit for the Garrick Theatre. Mr. Forbes Robertson' of course will play Cyril Maitland and Miss Kate Eorke 'Marion. Mr. Pinero has arranged the play in four aces, two taking place before Henry Everard's. imprisonment and two 20 years later; Mr. ThomasThorne has wisely decided that he is too old to play his original part of young Champneys in the revival of 'Our Boys' at the 'Vaudeville, and Mr. E. W. Gardiner will take his place. Mr. William Farrem,;Mr. David James, Miss Sophie Larkin, and Miss Cicely Richards are, however, all- to resume the cha racters they created on January 16th, 1875, and it may safely be predicted that if only to pooh-pooh tie taste of the last generation the present rising one will go to see them. - The pending ballet at the Empire, ' Up ?the River,' will' include several new effects, including a shower of real rain, with the accompaniments of real umbrellas and real mackintoshes. J. M. Barrie is at Aldeburgh, in Suffolk, looking after his bereaved sister and putting the finishing touches to the comedy .Mr. Irving has accepted. Mr. Barrie has more 'commissions than he can fulfil at present, especially in the way. of literary work. In future he will probably devote a great portion of his time to plays, which, oi course, pay far better than novels. - The writers and composers of the comic songs oT the period are an out-at-elbows lot of men; earning, when successful; per haps £150 a year. The price generally paid by 'star' vocalists for words and .music of a new song is either one or two guineas. . Occasionally when, the writer has something 'very fetching' he demands And gets ,£5, but that is quite an exceptional honorarium. If a song proves successful ifc is printed, the pub listEr-^paying ; dB5p_ |p £15 (the average being £8) for all rights and, a small per centage on the sales. Patriotic, dramatic, or satirical songs are not as readily pur chased, as the so-called comic effusions. The pleasures of courtship and the miseries of matrimony form, the commonest andi most popular themes. Best of all the lion comique likes a catch phrase ehorusforthe gallery to fondle and make much of. Such 'gay words' those superfine lyrics 'Ask a policeman' and 'Geb yer hair cut' possessed. A poor comic ? song writer confides to the ucn «*rt#i*jj - .u.i/irweut'/Kif viuau Uf? ; OJL1U uia kind seldom get paid on the nail, - indeed are often kept months waiting for their money. The lion comique earning £20 a week is too often 'stony broke.' He meets his creditor, who takes care to turn up on Saturday morning when 'the ghost walks' with 'Awfully sorry old man, but the blessed £ee- gee went down, so I can't. stump up this week, but next Saturday, now.' The ladies are far prompter payers, and generally pleasanter to deal with. They are also as a rule very homely, andj receive their authors quite en famMe. *'Oh! it's only you, Mr. ? -.? I was afraid it was a friend I expected:. : You'll excuse me being * deshabilly.' Well, I do 'ope you've got something good for me. I'm always open to buy anything special. But first, what'll you 'ave, a nobble ot Bass or a drop o* Scotch? No trouble, I do assure you. Smoke away, I don't mind it.' One or two comic song 'writers — as for instance Geo. Dance, the librettist of f ' The Nautch Girl'— have risen to better things in time. Mr. Henry Pettit, the dramatist, com menced his career by writing the song 'The D— d Scamp.' This edifying eantiste first introduced the no longer 'great' MacDermott to fame. It must have been sung during the Tichborne trial, for I well remember one of the choruses ran — - If ever there was a d ? d eo&mn-; I flatter myself I am he ; From Tichborne to Odger, From Hawkins to Roger They can't bold a candle to me. Under the pseudonym of 'Geoffrey Thorn' Mr. Tdwnley of the Savage Club writes the wittiest of the up-to-date political musical parodies, &c.;, sung in the halls. The late Alfred Lee for the best part of 20 years composed the tunes of all the most successful comic songs. He made the reputations and ought to have made the fortunes of a dozen star vocalists, and died himself in poverty. Mr. Angelo A. Asher composes a great many songs nowadays. He set Lottie Collxns's 'Ta-ra-ra.' Bless him ! The huge pyramidal and 'splen- diferous' structure known as a Drury Lane drama has a horrid fascination for me. I know I shall go and see it. I know I shall like it, and I know I shall praise it. At the same time I am also aware that deprived of the big stage, the crowd of supers, and the astonishing scenic effects, it-would be the baldest old fashioned rubbish,; and I feel sure that people who see these Drury Lane successes on the provincial and colonial stages can never cease wondering.^t the Londoners' taste. If the above was true of. ' Youth,' «' Freedom,' ' A Run of Luck,' and ' A Sailor and his Lass,' it is ten times truer concerning 'The Prodigal Daughter, 'the plot of which and most of the incidents are venerable as the everlasting hills. Was it in the ♦'Flying Scud' or some \- older ? play we. first made acquaintance with the elderly baronet in difficulties ?who, after being all but ruined by* bis lovely daughter's rejected suitor, resolves with admirable common sense - to retrieve fortune by staking tfie remainder of his money on The Duke for the Grand National? Do you require to be told that the villain attempts to hocuss The Duke, and through the .artfulness of the horse's attendant fail3, or that finally,1 the jockey^ tjeing arrested atiithe post, the; hero rides -and wins the ; Steeplechase, to the confusion of the' good old squire's enemies. This same steeplechase is the glory of ' « ' The. Prodigal Daughter. ' The scene at Goodwood' in 'A Run of Luck' was sur prising, but nothing to this. How the horses get up the speed I can't imagine, but 16jof them come tearing over the big water jump just as they do in the race itself. The stage, moreover, seems to be covered with beautiful turf, an invention of which the great Druriolanus is very proud. He also takes considerable credit for 'The interior of the courtyard of the Grand Hotel, Paris,' another marvel lously realistic reproduction. The ' In terior of the training stables' and 'Woodmere Hall' are other fine sets. The company do full justice to their rather skimpy parts. Mr. Leonard Boyne is tha breezy and genial hero Vernon, who after being scandalously treated by Sir Jno. Deepmere wins the Grand National for him and permis sion to wed his niece Violet. Miss Mill ward of course acts the serious \--heroine, and goes through a peck of trouble. In act 1 she elopes with Vernon, who, however, is simply acting on behalf of his friend, Julian Belford. The . villain, Deepwater (admirably acted by Mr. Fernandez), utilises the misun derstanding which arises from this inci dent through three long acts. Harry Nicholls and Fanny Brough divide the comic interest as Lord and Lady Banbury. Her little ladyship to wean her husband from fast life resolves to do exactly as he does, and of course in act 4 after nume rous funny scenes, succeeds. The imitation turf used in ' The Prodigal Daughter' is really a huge green carpet with a thick pile specially manu factured by Messrs. Trelbar, of Ludgate Hill. In some places it .has been cun ningly painted so as to suggest that the grass has been scorched by the sun. Not only ia the effect realistic to the eye, but ; it deadens the sound of the horses' hoofs, which on an ordinary stage ring palpably linllrkTff Tn +lVio rapino an&nf;* in ** A Hun of Luck' the horses' hoofs were cased in soft rubber socks. Mr. F. H.Cowen's new opera, 'Signa,' based on Ouida's novel of that name, and originally intended for Mr. Carte's Eng lish Opera House, will be produced a Gdnoa this winter. The feature of the twenty-second season of the Royal Choral Society will be the production of a 'Solemn Mass' by a young English lady named Ethe Smyth, who has already produced some very clever orchestral compositions at the Crystal Palace. -Miss Smyth is a pro tege' of the Queen and the Empress Eugenie, and it is 'probable that both may honor the Albert Hall with their presence on January 18, the date fixed on for the first performance. Sir Joseph Barnby, of course, conducts. Miss Ailsa Craig (Ellen Terry's daughter) has been engaged by George Alexander to appear in ' Liberty Hall/' Mr. R,. C. Carton's new comedy now in rehearsal at the St. James's Theatre. A surprisingly smart crowd for the time of the year put in an appearance at the Trafalgar-square Theatre when London's newest playhouse was opened for the first time to the public. In appear ance and arrangements the Trafalgar is much the same as the Lyric, the pitites, as usual, being far better off than their superiors in the upper boxes. The opening bill consisted of an operetta, or rather a pasticcio, the work of two librettists and four unknown composers, called ' ' The Wedding Eve. ' The book is based on an old Breton custom, which obliged' an engaged couple to undergo an ordeal of examination in the old Castle of the Nightingales on their wedding eve. A ridiculous old Seneschal (first cousin to the Baillie of the 'Cloches de Corneville ') obliges a venerable smuggler, on pain of death, to give him the hand of his daughter Yuonette in mar riage. The young lady's pleasant lover Kernoe resolves to release her from the odious bond, and to dp so practises on the Seneschal's superstitions on the wedding eve. Disguised as an astrologer Kernoe predicts Younette will have two husbands, and that No. 1 will die within in a week. Naturally the Seneschal resolves to be No. 2, and paves the way for the union of the heroine and the man of her choice. There is a not improbably designed re semblance throughout in the work to the popular ' Cloches de Corneville.' The composers have supplied a rather un pleasant melange- of Lecocqandwater cum-Suilivan-and-niilk. Bright little Decima Moore is Yuonette, and TY lllUUli .UllAJU ^YCLJT WlUUtUV 1C' ceived) the Seneschal. Miss Kate Chard (grown fat) makes a lusty landlady, and Joseph Tapley warbles sweetly as Kernoe. The ' Wedding Eve' may possibly draw, but I should not, were I Mr. Leyenstein, be too sanguine. He has certainly not captured another 'Dorothy.' Mention of the latter re minds me a children's 'Dorothy' is in preparation here for Christmas. Despite the desperate puffing of War ham St. Leget's endless friends his and Mr. Hadon Parry's 'Cigarette' won't draw. After a whiff or two the audience are quite ready to ' give it away' and advise against the brand, which will never — one may safely predict — be put on the Australian market. The music-hall star of the moment is Dan. Leno, a genuine eccentric comedian, with a finer faculty for making bricks without straw than any one on the variety stage. Get bis songs, 'The shopwalker' or 'The' waiter,' and you'll pronounce them drivel, but see Leno's acting and hear his. patter, and, like Lord Dufferin and. A.da Rehan, you'll go away ' enthused' with the little man's genius. Chevalier's coster, I notice, begins to pall. He has sung ' Liza 'Awkins' and 'The old Kent-road' for so long now. . The latter must be quite 18 months old. A popular serio-comic song bears the title, ''That is love.' It has a charming melody and the words are quite comme il fimt. Godfreys, (Charles Godfrey the snger I meant) 'Inkermann: a tale of the Fusiliers, 1' can also boast a stirring melody set to spirited words, and will doubtless be an immense favorite' at penny readings and . smoking concerts. 