FOLKLORE AND SUPERSTI TIONS OF CORFU. Mme. Helene Lascaris contributes to the Nouvelle Revue for September 15th, under the title of “ Six Months among the Corfu Peasants,” a charming paper which will be of great interest to students of folklore. It is all too short, but she concludes by promisin'’ a collection of Corfiote folk-tales and songs on a future occasion. Mmo. kascaris was or dered south on account of her health, and spent the winter at an old Venetian castle be longing to her sister—distant 16 kilometres from the capital of the island, and only to bo reached by a steep foot-path. The place was as primitive, as isolated and lonely, as though it had boon in the heart of a now continent. The manners and customs, the very dross of the people, have subsisted, almost’unchanged, for centuries. The olive tree is the principal resource of the island ; the rich peasants own groat numbers, and employ their poorer neigh bours to assist at the gathering of the olives. But every one, rich or poor, has enough to live on. No one is overworked, and no one is idle - work being a natural and agreeable way of passing the time in that climate. No one was over known to die of hunger there; and as for heaping up more money than one re quites what madness! Money is all vorv well when it enables a peasant to present his sweetheart with a pair of earrings, or himself with a mule—or oven a horse; nut ho would sooner go without (hose luxuries than get his back bent, and worry bis life out to obtain them. “For,” says he, “what is the good of money without songs and joyousnoaa ?” In spite of the remonstrances of the priests, these honest folk have scarcely changed their ways of thinking and acting since the gods and demi-god-* dwelt in their sacred groves, .though thinking themselves bound to call in the services of the clergy at marriages, funerals, and other important occassions, they have by no means broken all (ho links that bind thorn to the beliefs of thcii ancestors. Thus, while they bury their dead according to the rites of the Greek Church, they bike care to lay on the lips of thecorpse a brick with the ioscrip tion,.“Christ is all powerful." This precau tion is intended to prevent the corpse from leaving the grave. But the briok and its in scription are recent innovations, and, as it were, a concession to Christianity. In fact, the village priest, who is not more than thirty, remembers having seen a piece of money placed in the corpse’s mouth—the coin for paying Charon, the ferryman—although, in all probability, the reason for the custom had long been forgotten. The attributes of the various duties have undergone some modi fications, but Charon still exists and carries of! the dead, or rather cuts short the thread of their existence. Speaking of the dead, tin peasants generally use the phrase, “ho ha, out him oil.” The belief in ghosts is as prevalent in Corfu as elsewhere. Near the castle whore Mmo. Lascaris was staying was a haunted olive-press. A man had been soon there pressing olives during the night, and no one would go near it. Sho asked the cook to go with her one evening in order to see the ghost, but he de clined, alleging that it was never visible to more than one person at a time. The general belief is that, if a mason, lay ing the first stone of any building, happens to think of any person or tiling, the building will forever bo haunted by a ghost in the shape oi that object. This circumstance gives rise to a largo population of ghosts. One of j the most carious superstitions is that con nected with the Nereids—Aneraidos, the modern Greek calls them—still supposed to haunt streams and woods. They aro borne on the wind in a storm. They are sometimes scon by mortals, who, however, must never j speak of having done so. An old woman, who told her neighbours that she had scon the nymphs, was killed by them. It scorns to be , hollered in the island that people booom i Nereids when they die. They aro usually kind to their own family, though spiteful and malevolent to strangers ; and it is considered unlucky to do anything to attract attention when ono has to piss their haunts. Thus, a bride, who had to come a long way to church by a lonely path through tbo mountains, wore an ordinary white veil instead of tho red ono usual on such occasions, and on being asked why, said it was that tho nymphs might not notice it. Another bride, who had noglootod this precaution, was said to bo carried off by thorn, 