THE BETRAYAL OF M. IEOUSIDE. CHAPTER I. THE DISCOVBKY. • I stood on the white, silent road some minntes, waiting for my friend. At length I grew tired of waiting, and determined to explore the place without him. To my surprise, when I applied the key which the honse agent had given me to the door in the wall, it tamed fruitlessly in the lock : the door was already open. I passed through, and found that the bolt had been drawn back and secured by a catch. The last person who had visited the premises had simply polled the door to behind hijj, and the bolt being fastened back, the door had remained open. On my right was a flagged passage leading to a side door in the honse. Before me was the old house itself, one of those ancient dwellings oF which ray few are now to be found within twenty miles of London. The deep mullioned windows, high gables, many-shaped chimneys, and, above all, the wild overgrowth of creepers, bnshes, and shrubs surrounding it, supplied countless charming bits for the pencil or the brash. " How pleased Marvell will be with this," I said to myself, as I ascended the steps at the fnnt entrance and opened the main door. It was merely idle curiosity that led me to explore die honse. for we did not mean to take it, merely to use it for sketching purposes. The rooms seemed in no way remarkable, and I passed rapidly from one to another. At the farther end of the ball was a baizecore red doar, which I supposed led to the surgery, for I knew the honse had been last inhabited by a medical man— Dr Blacklock I opened the door, which led to a dimly lighted passage, On my right was another door, which' I also ojwned ; I was now in the snrgety. The light streamed full on my face from two large windows, and I saw something black lying on the floor. Hallo ! " I cried alond ; what's this—a woman 1" It was the figure of « woman lying all in a heap, as if she had stumbled off the bench—a fixed bench which ran along one side of the room. . I supposed that she was tipsy, or had fallen down in a fit. "What is the matter?" I asked, trying to lift her. She was as heavy 'as lead. I looked at her face and uttered a scream—a loud err of terror. The face was almost black : she was dead ! A moment I stood trembling with horror. Then I tried to lift the body on the bench, but I cou'.d xot. The woman seemed to be between forty and fifty years of age. She was plainly but respectably dressed. Over one arm hung a worn black-ieather bag or reticule ; in her right hand she held a nosegay of withered roses. An awful expression of pain, anger, and defiance was on the dead woman's face. A strong shudder ran through me as ' I looked at it, and I felt as though I- mnst get into the open air, or 1 should faint. Looking around, I saw that it was not necessary for me to go back the way I had come. There was a second door, which led apparently to the flagged passage which I lid noticed. I opened the door, which was secured with » patent lock, and stepped out, closing the door behind me. Slowly I walked away from the spot round to the front of the honse, where the sun was shining." Bofore long I heard a rapid step coming to me. It was Marvell. " What a charming old place!" he called out " But what's the matter, Monro ? You look as if you'd seen a ghost. You're as white as a sheet." In a few woris I told him what I had discovered in the empty boose; and Marvell would hardly believe me til! he had seen the dead woman with his own eyes. 1 Why, how did she come here ? he exclaimed. . " That's the mystery—one of them, I should say. How did she die? I don't see any sign of a wound. There's no blood on the floor." " Hot a drop. But didn't yon open the door with the key the agent-gave von 1 "Yes, it was locked; but I found the door in the garden wall open, Uever mind. It is for the ^police to find out who she is, and how she came by her death. We innst go and fell them at once." Between as we managed to lift the poor creature's body np on the bench, and then we went straight to the police office. Of course the affair made a great sensation in the little town of Hanbmy, and as the house where the. body had "been fonnd was only abont a mile from the town, a carious crowd hanntcd the place for the wst of the week. Next day it was stated that a woman .was missing from a bouse in Dalton, and the London police sent down to Hanbnry two persons who Ismew the misat woman. Ttey identified tjie hpdy i once. The deceaaed woman, tliey said, was named Podsey. She - wa* » widow, and she bad waffled » fa^-sraedAon» in Rrasingt^Jlwi M m f 8 * \ehe had Jet qbt *tt lod^gs.£- He^onljr * '^oim'Baafioii *as ingMjav wfio. mffliner in Sewcastle-on^yne' some \- months before, and had noli hteii home rancft. . . . \- Of coarse I attended the inquest, and; gave evidence as to the finding of the body: f ihe. house (unit® wear ten* hedge ""sfc arrpwB. The poison had been introdtfted into the system through a smtll puncture on the wrist of the right hand, when m bluish mark remained to mark thie ^pofc. Death had occurred at least twenty-four hoars before the body hud been found. It wad tolerably plain that some one had enticed this poor woman to the lonely, empty honse, and had there murdered her in this Btrange fashion, and decamped, without leaving a single trace of his presence And according), the juiy brought in & verdict of " Wilful taacder against some, person or persons unknown." It was necessary that the funeral should take place at once, and the arrangements were completed before the police had succeeded in discovering the address of Mrs Pudsey's daughter. The poor woman was buried in Hanbnry churchyard, and none bat etrattgers like myBelf followed her to the grave. CHAPTER II. A CI.UE .IS FODSp The excitement caused by the -discovery of this crimc had one good result, ft roused my poor friend, Hugh Marvell (com the depression under which he had been labouring for .some weeks. He and'i were fast friends—true brothers of the brush: and I had long known that he was cherishing a hopeless passion for a girl whom he had met at a balL Miss Florence St Holier was the daughter of a famous physician who had been made a baronet, and she was far beyond the reach of a nameless and penniless artist. One day the poor fellow came to my studio almost distracted. He had heard that Florence St Helier was n't length definitely engaged to one ot her father's acquaintances, a yoang "doctor whose Tortonc tayin his brains. nwned Ironside. The news turned oat to be true ; and Marvell fell into a state of such Seej melancholy that I became alaruted for his sanity.- In order to provide him witli change of ecene at a moderate^ outlay, I had proposed thatwe shonMvicit itU the old houses we could find near London, and make sketches of them. It was in this way we had gone to see Ilanbury Grange, as the empty house was called. Marvell was greatly interested in the .mysterious «rime which .had beeR Coramitted there ; lint as all cliat.cc of discovering the murderer faded away, he relapsed into his old melancholy. We had not yet left Hanlwry, when one evening, as we sauntered together down the lane that led to the churchyard, wo met a yoang woman with a baby in her arms, Hie had a face that was still beautiful in its sweetness ; and I could well imagine that, as a maiden, she must have been lovely. She was dressed in very ordinary attire, yet without any of the marks of poverty. As we pproached, she stood still, evidently meaning to speak to us. "Can you tell me, sir, where Mrs Pudsey's grave is f she said to MarvelL I've been trying to find it, i>at I can't." It is not easy to tell yon ; but if you come with me, I will show you the spot," answered my friend. The girl thanked him and walked on by his side, while I dropped behind. May I ask your name ?" said MarvelL The stranger blushed and hesitated. " Are you Mrs Pudsey's daughter ?'' he asked, without further preface. " Yes, sir, I am," answered the girl. It was only yesterday that I found out what had happened. Bst, oh, sir," she bnrst out, " you don't think my poor mother was murdered, do you ?' " I'm afraid it is too true," said Marvell, gravely; "and I think that yon could help us to discover the criminal." I sir ?" exclaimed the woman, in evident surprise; " that I'm sure I couldn't. It's eight months since I left home; and I—I can't imagine who can have hurt my mother, if anybody hurt her.'* Something in tVe girl's tone strack me as peculiar It almost seemed as if 'she were defending herself ; as if she were protesting too loudly her inability to avenge her mother's blood. Tfao same thought had occurred to MarvelL for he glanced sharply at the girl as he said— You can at least give me the name of some one who was not on good terms with your mother, or some one who had something to gun by her death." " Kb, sir. She hadn't an enemy in the world that I know of, and she had no money to leave." "But it must have been sjnie one's interest, to get her out of the way." "So it would seem, sir. YOB saidyou would show me the grave." (By this |ame we had reached the butying ground). " Jnsf one other question first. Did you ever hear jour mother speak of Hanbuiy V "Ho—never." "Mot of having been here, OT^oI frimds she had here ?" " Never." The girl's voice had an honest ring, but her eyes fell beneath my friend's eearching look. This, however,-might be dne to her modesty and her grief. Evidently it was impossible to question her further. Marvell pointed out to her the spot she was seeking, find, taking my^»rm, walked slowly away."" ' ' .'» W £aid, ;gravidy, " if I am not yeiy ( muchmistaken, that knowsioi; suspects mere than she <Uo#.** i-.' 7^ atrr '.;,.. What! You do,not jjnspeck that clitld, fbr ehe ii hardly more—»* " To be a murderess T No. And jet liar nnswera seemed to he wanting in ficinlcne&s.; £«bm»d bank, The poor .KJ'l £"4 l«d ter Uby on the tmf,«nd had fallcp on Iter knees at the footof Oie g TOe^d,*^ wer After all, it is no h ^ m ff * Mrs Pildscy*« mw no it. and Having readied our temporary homo ^ai changed Dtir wet clothes, we sit down to snpper. After supper we filled our pipes ; «cd, as I was searching in my pocket for my box of vestas, I found and pulled out a latchkey—one which I was sure iid not belong to ine—a latchkey on a steel ring, with a small key of peculiar shape also hanging on the ring. *• How -do I cosae to bavc your latchkey in my pocket ?" I asked, tossing the thing over to Marvell. " My latchkey ? This isn't mine. " Isn't it ? Then it must belong to our landlady." I rang the bell, and asked the question. No ; onr landlady assured us that the key did not belong to her, nor to any tne<nber of her family. " It is very odd." I remarked. " Very," said Marvell, with a strange look on his face. " Do you know what key this is ?" "No. Do you r " It is the key of the empty honse!" " Impossible!" "It is so. These are the clothes, I remember, yon had on the day you discovered the murder- Have yon worn them since 1 I think not." Wait !'* I cried. " I have it! When I first discovered the body, I JFelt as if I were going to faint, And went out of doors by the nearest way, through the door that o^ens from the snrgery into the garden. I was quite giddy at the time ; and I have no doubt that I closed the door behind me, and finding a latchkey in the door, I slipped it into my pocket mechanically, literally without thinking what I was doing. The murderer, in the fxc : teme;it of that awful moment, hnrried away from the scene of his crime, forgetting that-Jie had not removed the key from the door. It seems to me, MarvelL that whoevor'pnte his band on the owner of thtsfeey, puts his hand on Mrs Pudsey's murderer."" CHAPTEttifrl. TTLE ROLCOTT TOCKFIT. • Of course I handed tlie latdikey, or ratlier the two, keys,, whichr^. had found, to "the -police on the f-Honing morning; and two days afterwards Marvell and 1 returned to London. Further reflection had made me agree with my friend ia thinking that the girl we had met in the churchyard lane— Mis Pudsey's -daughter—crtold furnish the police with valuable information ; and I thought it better to write to the authorities at Scotland Yard, and tell them of our meeting with the gir! ; sking at the same time whether they had succeeded in finding her address. The answer wa* that all efforts to trace liss Pudsey in Newcastle had failed ; and that, as months had elapsed since she left home, ijb was not thought likely that she had .had anything to do with the crime, or "that she would be^.ahje to throw any light upon it. Some weeks passed. Marvell gradually relapse! into the melancholy from which he had formerly been suffering ; and it was chiefly with a v:ew to rouse his interest, and draw him, onfcscf Jiimself, that I proposed to him on^ day we should run down to Hanbmy, and .-certain whether the jiolico Ijad made any progress in their investigations concerning the key. As i expected, the superintendent of police, when I pat tny question, shook his head with a smile of superior wisdom. " What can you make of a key ?*' he said ; "any ono may have a key/' But very few persons, I shouldthink, could hare had this particular key," I suggested. Well, now—there's the honse agent,. a most respectable man, married ; family all grown np and doing wcIL He can't; have had that key of yours. Then there's the owur, an old gentleman living in Italy, who never paw the .place in his life. Then there's the last tenant, Dt Blacklock. He lived in the house twenty-eight years. He is retired now ; stays at Lcwishani, quite by himself; If yon suspect him. well, all I cm say is, you'll never get anybody in Hanbnry to believe you. He was liked and' respected by everybody.*' ' •" - > Did he sell his practice ?" I asked. Yes, sir; and the gentleman who bought it, Mr Meybrick, took a new house close to the town, as his bride thought the Grange was gloomy. But he could never have had anything to do with the keys of a house be never lived in." "And he -could hardly have purloined a key before Dr Blacklock left, on purpose to commit a murder some two years afterwards," put in Marv^L:; " 3 I got possession of the keys, promising to hand them back to the police''if they should require them ; and Marvoll and I walkM bat^ to the 'stetion. ' This is «n interesting case,** said my companion. Suppose we by to solve it ?" " I'm <quite wHling," I ansn«ed; •hut I hardly feee what we can do.; Ttie police areatfaalt." They seem to have taken no trouble about the matter, 1 " said Marvell. "T mean to go and see Dr Blacklock. It seems to me all but certain - that the key belonged to him, and that it must have been carried a«r|y.J>y him or by one of We reamed & irqado^iin dofrnto haired man, well OVM HSWW^ To onr rise&eld;^ decknidibathe ML i» keen look at Dr Blacklock, at me, tod at my friend, and then bent over the keys, as if to examine them very c*re fully. I happened to glance at MarfCll. He had turned deadly pale. "No, I don't recognise the key-; at all," said Dr Blacklock's late assislaiit. in a distinct, measured tone. " You won't guess what honse they say that latchkey belongs to 7 The house we lived in at Hanbuiy, the one ,in which the dead body "was found!" cried the old doctor. The gentleman shook his head. -* You used to have a latchkey for the surgery door, but it was longer than this, wasn't it " Yes," answered the gentleman whose name I had not caught. " I feel sure the surgery latchkey was longer. ' We remained after this for a few minutes, duriig which Marvell, I saw, was impatient to get away. At length we took our leave. " I cai't bear to sit in the same room with that roan," said Marvell, dutching my arm. "Why? Who is heT " D.dn't you hear his name. He is Dr Ironside, the man who is to marry—" I understood, aad gave my friend's arm a sympathetic squeeze by way of reply. " What are you going to do now ?" he enquired. "Throw this key into the Thames,' said I. As I spoke I felt for it in my pocket, and eouid not find it. " Have you got it I asked, plunging my band into my other pocket. " (Jot what ? ' asked MaivelL «• The key ? Not I! I never touched it." " I most have left it on the table,' said, " or dropped it on the floor, or Dr Blacklock may have it, or Dr Ironside,'' and I began to walk rapidly hack to the honse, anxious to regain possession of the little bit of metal which 1 had just said I would fling into the Thames *• I needn't go back with yon," said Marvell to me, "bat watch tint man Ironside sharply, and see if lie drops the key and pretends to find it for you." I started and hurried on faster than before. What could Marvell wean by that? I wondered. That i»r Ironside might have quietly picked up the key from the table, under cover of our leave- taking?—that he had an interest in getting possession of it, and, not dariog to retain it, would "return it sceretly by pretending to find it ? Then Marvell suspected Dr Ironside of being Mrs Pudsey's murderer! But then, I reflected, the doctor was my friend's successful rival. Besides, the idea was absurd. What interest conld a well-to-do, fashionable doctor have in the death of a plain, middle-aged woman, like Mrs Pudsey ? I determined, however, that I would watch Dr Ironside closely, and if I saw reason to think that he had tried secretly to gain possession of the key. I would mention the circumstance to the police. After all, be was one of the very few persons who might conceivably have committed the crime, one of the very few who might have retained possession of a key for the" surgery door. The two doctors were still together when I re-entered the house. 1 explained my loss ; and, as I kept a corner, of my eye on Dr Ironside while I hunted about, I distinctly saw him slip the key down on the floor behind a hassock, and then pick it np. That night I went to Soot'and Yard, and communicated my suspicions to the Chief Commissioner of Police. Ahout a week afterwards I recaivel a note from ihe detective In charge of the case, a man named Tobin, asking me to go with him to Dr Ironside's hou^e next day, and identify the key I had found, upon which I had made a private mark. I did not relish the job, *nd yet I was carious, indeed anxious, to know what had been discovered. A few yards from the house, the det^ve mijpe."; Two constables were loitering along not lar behind him. I wanted yon to see what these keys will open. so that you could swear to it," he said. . A. few steps brought ns to Dr Ironside's boose. The detective pulled out a latchkey,. inserted it in the patent lock, and coolly opened the door half an inch, -dosing it immediately. "Do you recognise the key?" be whispered to me, hold it np to me with his "left, hand, ashe nog-the bell. " It is the same." said I. In less than a minnte trc were showo info the doctor's consulting room. He loftkeft tip as we entered. My companion walked up to him. "-May I ask if these are your keys ?" he inquired, gravely. The doctor turned a shade paler as he glanced at-me, and answered, sharply. " I hav« already told this person tbat they are not." , " Odd ; for, one of them opens your front door. The other opens tbe desk of your writing table.'* The wretched man tried to speak. He could not. . Tbe officer coolly inserted the small key ia the lode of the desk, and turned It round. ".That is nothing," stammered out Dr Ironside. " 'Keys often open locks which they were never intended to open." He drew out one at the drawers of t|f table as he spoke, at)d pat in his jiand..; The ; detective agpfearod not to notice him.. Quietly the doctor withdrew his band from tbie drawer. •-What have yon got there, sir?"; cried the detective, seizing his hand. ' "45top, wretch! Yon btn killed 1 m e i - C - j , , Tbe officer relaxed his gasp. The doctor opened his fingers, and »-tiny ttuar asked the dete^ Uve,{Hckibgit np. yobrikand." luud • WltWf Sj* m" * dead DI» in less than tweoty-fonr hours. Without intending it, yon have rendered me a service." . Every <Sort was made to save the guilty man's lite, but in vain. The •steel locket was filled with a virulent poison—as deadly as the poison of the rattlesnake. It was furnished on one side with tiny needle- like points, which pierced the skin without inflicting any pain worth noticing, and which, being hollow, admitted the poison into the veins of the person whose skin had been pierced. It was e'ear that Dr Ironside had forgotten to give np his latchkey when lie left Hanbnry Grrange, and be had ac- cidently discovered that it would open the door of his own house. He had accordingly used his own latchkey to gain admittance to tbe surgery ; and having enticed his victim to enter the place, he had offered her some roses, shaking hands with her at the same time, and in so doing had pressed the poisoned locket upon her wrist. Mrs Pudsey, thinking merely that the thorns of the roses hai pricked her, had not I wen alarmed. And then, we conjectured, ha had remained talking to her until the paralysis, induce! by the poison, set in, and prevented her from leaving the house. As for tbe motive of the crime, a little inquiry (now that we had got on the right, track} soon made that only too plain. There was little wonder that the police could not find Miss Pudsey at Newcastle. She had never been there She had eloped with Dr Ironside, who, at one time, had had rooms ia her mother's house. Mrs Pudsey had insisted on a marriage taking place, and the doctor had, in his turn, insisted on its being kept a profound secret. Bnt long since, he had gr wn tired of his gentle, stupid, uncultured bride; and, having fallen madly in love with tiiss St. Helier, he determined to risk every thing and marry her. It was not from his wife, but from his mother-in-law, that danger threatened him. No donht she had discovered his intentions, and had intended to denounce him. The locket (either a relic of bygone ages, or modem imitation of some such relic) had suggested to the doctor a means cf carrying out his murderous design in silence and secrecy. Florence St. Helier never knew the true cauie of her lover's death ; and, of course, time lessen^-d the violence of her sorrow. Two years have passed since then ; and Marvell, 1 can se($ is not without hope that he may yet gain the object of his desires. He bas taken Ironside's young widow and her child •der his care, .-he is certain, he tells me, to marry again. I could not ba think that she had some suspicions as to the way in which her mother came by her end. But she never knew for certain that her hnsband was a murderer ; nor did any one ever tell her that he himself fell a victim to the deadly power of the poisoaod locket. 