I I HE DOCTORS SHOOK THEIR HEADS. 'I would give a million dollars for a stomach,' said a wealthy Amerioan re cently. Now, a million dollars (£200,000) is a deal of money, but he was not able to buy the article even at that price. Mr. Thomas Gaskin, of No. 3, Popular Llow, Darley Abbey, near Derby, is not so rich as many, being a gardener, but he was ready to give all ho bad for one thing he hadn't got. Here is his story, and be shall tell it in hiB own way. Mr. Gaskin goes on to say : ' Up to eight years ago I bad never ost an hour's work through sickness. In December, 1882, whilst living at Beestoo, near Nottingham, my appetite fell away, I had dreadful pain after eating, a bad taste in my mouth, which would fill with water and slime, tbe latter so thick and sticky tbat I iften had to remove it with my fingers. My chest used to 'fill up' and my throat would swell so that I couldn't button my shirs Bt the neck, I vomited a great deal, ohirfly £ a yellowish green phlegm. I had a racking cougb, aud would cough and strain till I bled at the noec, and the blood rushed out of my ears. 1 became exhausted and short if breath, and had to call the doctor, and «as in bed for five or six weeks, ' I then went as out-patient to the Not tingham Hospital, and after attending there for six months was very little better. I got ho thin that I was like a ghost walking about, and my friends said it was all up with me. For eighteen months I kept getting oetter, then worse, and at last tbe doctors recommended mo to try a change of air. So [ came to Darley Abbey and my former master gave me au indoor recommendation '0 tbe Derbyshire Infirmary, Derby. I found, however, that all tbe beds in the hospital were full, and I saw my club doctor md also two doctors at Derby. The first one said, ' You arc in a galloping consump tion, and must die ; tbe other doctors, after sounding my lungs snd chest, said nothing but shook their heads. ' 'Getting a trifle better, my old master illowed me to do what little I could in his jardeos aud grounds ; and some days I worked a little aud then would be away for a few days. Things went on like this until Decern ber, 1SSS, when I caught oold, got cry short of breath, and broke down com olelely. I was always cjughmg and spitting up phlegm, sometimes »s much as a teacup ful at once, and wa.i afraid to goto sleep for fear the phlegm would choke mc. At this time tbe whites of my eyes turned yellow, aud my eyeB were bluO^sbut, My lipa aud mouth were dry and parcbed, and I often broke out into a cold clammy Bweat. My tongue was like a piece of brown leather, and 1 could keep nothing down, I lost over a itono weight in three weeks, ' I managed to get up for a few hours at a time, but was eo weak I bad to take hold of the furoiture to move a few yards. I was always tired and weary, and sitting or lying, waB never at ease, and got no real rest. Too weak to read, I often Bat for bouis looking it my hands— nothing but skin aud bone, aud was so nervous I couldn't bear the least noise, and the children at play quite upset me. 'The doctor kept on attending mo, but lie said, ' 1 can da you no good ; I can only polch you up, be cause your lungs are diseased. 1 then gave over taking his medicine, and tried everything I oould bear of. One thing was a cough cure from London that cost 22s 1 bottle. But nothing did any good, and my friends who came to Bee me said, 1 IFell, you won't cough much longer, you have merely to prepare for another world ' ?' Aoout the middle of March, 1889, a neighbour named JoBepb Tatham, who works in tbe paper mills at Darley Abbey, said to me, ? Tom, did you ever try Mother SeigeVs Syrup Y and told me bow he bad been sured ifter being in the hospital. He spoke so much in praise of this medioine I sent my wife to Derby and got a bottle at Mr Smith's Stores in Victoria- street. After the first dose I had an evacuation black as ink, and vomited. Then I fell asleep, and felt rested when I awoke, After taking the medicine for three days my breathing got easier, my food kept down, and in a few days more I was able to go out for a short walk. By the ^nd of a fortnight I went to see my master, who asked what had wronght the improve ment, and I told him, aB I tell every one, 'hat Mother Seigel's Syrup had saved my life. I commenced work at once, snd hare never loBt a day's work since 'Of coarse my strength did not return all at once, but after taking Seigel's Syrup for six months I was strong as ever in my life, and have continued so ever since. ' In giving his consent to the publication of this remarkable statement, Mr Gaskin re quests us to refer all doubters to him or to Mr Keetley, Head Gardener, Darley Abbey, who is acquainted with all the facts alleged. Mr Gaskin has lived at Darley Abbey 22 years, and bears an excellent reputation. Now, what was the complaint from wbioh be suffered ? Not galloping consumption, certainly (as one oj Vie doctors thought), or he would have galloped into lus grave in lass than three TnonOis, instead of growing worse for seven years. His complaint WfS ohronio inflammatory dyspepsia (or obronio gastric catarrh), which has lung Bymptoms like con sumption, for which it is so often ignorantly mistaken and wrongly treated. When the right remedy, Mother Seigol's Syrnp, Was used tbe disease yielded, as all diseases of the digestive tract do yield to that magnifi cent preparation. We heartily congratulate Mr Gaskin on his reoovery. and commend the facts of his case to all thinking people, — Adv. Od Thursday week in the Melbourne Hot* pitel, the well-known oross-ootfntry rider, Charlie Eastham, died from the effects of A falL Charlie waB schooling a horse named Darsmboi over the hurdles when the horse felt and had to be killed, while the unfortu nate rider was carried to the hospital, where be died the same night from a fnotnred iskull. Charlie Eastham was well-knewn in jDeoiliquin, wb rn he rode many good races .over tbe hnrdlss and steeplechase course, [and few will forget tbe great recovery he ?' made about three years ago when the horse Voltaire fell with bim in tbe Deniliquin steepleohase and ultimately won, after, per* hapB, one of the finest exhibitions of horse manship ever seen on a raeeconrss (says the Deniliqnin Chronicle). Sinoe Eastham left Deniliquin he has had extremely bad iuok, and many times he bas been oarried off the Bourse in u nuooBioiotu and disabled oon- litioo, ? - V r ?-'.-v-i.-. V.'f 