John Taggert’s Trial. By Mrs- Amelia E- Barr. Thirty-five years ago this summer, I spent some delightful month3 in that most pic turesque and charming of retreats—the Isle of Man, with my headquarters at Castle Daring the summer months, when the her ring fishery was at its height, Castletown pier in the early hours of the morning was ft most picturesque place, with its boats and masses of gleaming flBh and queer fisherman —and fi3herwomen, -too, for that matter— Irish and Scotoh and Welsh and English and Mans. But towering, like Saul, head and shoulders Bbovs the crowd, I noticed always a young Manxman, who seemed to be an authority oh all subjects of sale. He wore the common dress of blue flannel, cut in the usual quaint, ungraceful form, bat no form of dress could have spoiled a figure moulded in nature’s noblest proportions. His bare, brown throat supported a head and face strikingly hand some, though it was evident from its glowing, bronzed tint, that it had been set against the suns and winds of hoaven for many a We soon found out that this man was universally respected, and eagerly sought after, not only by lii3 own class, but by leisurely visitors, to whom his knowledge of the sea and of the coast, and of every point of interest within a day’s pleasuring, was invaluable. He seemed, however, to particularly attach liimself to a young Englishman; called Philip Siville, who spent some of his timo sketch ing, riding, and dining with the officers of the garrison; but the most of it in an open boat out at sea. Indeed, people soon began . to notice that Philip Smile and the fisher \- man, John Taggert, ware never very long opart. The summer passed, and autumn, with its occasional stormy days, was upon us. Still ■ Saville lingered, people said, solely bec3U33 ha could not bear to part with John Taggert. I had, however, some doubts as to whether John was the only charm ; for twice when I had been gathering blackberries inBallabeg woods, I bad come upon Siville and a beauti ful peasant girl, named Mary B ayd. belonging to the little hamlet on the sand*1, A few days after my second meeting of them, 1 received an invitation to attend a Minx fisherman’s weddiDg to be given in the great barn of Givynne estate; for the bride’s people had been retainers of the Gwynnes for oeaiuries and the master of Gwynne and all his family were to dance at the bridal. Many of the offieers and visitors of the oity were guests, and among the rest, Philip Siville. His glance, on catering the barn, sought until it found Mary, and then it followed her every movement. It seamed to specially annoy Philip that John Taggert was on the most familiar terms with her, and after a while, a3 John passed him, he said, in a querulous voice : “I should think, John, you would be tired trotting round after that little girl— you have done nothing else for nearly three John answered pleasantly : “ And what for would I be tired in three honrs, when it is all the day3 of my life I mean to trot altor her?” Philip’s faoa darkened visibly, but he made no' answer. Soon alter, however, I missed him, and looking through the room, I saw Mary was also absent. It was a lovely Sep tember night, with a full, yellow moon, and as many of the visitors had left the barn for I a ttroll on the firm, dry sands, I took aj friend’s arm and joined them. We had not j walked far, when wa met Philip and Mary : hand in hand, and when John Taggert missed his love and his friend, he walked to the barn-door and instantly saw them saunter ing together on the moonlit sands. ; It did not take him many minutes to reach them. “ Mary,” he said, in an angry voice, “ you come home with me at onoe, or I'll—” “ John, if you threaten me, I’ll never come with you again.” “Yon oau please yourself, Mary Boyd; it’s not John Taggert, though he is your pro mised husband, that will ask you twice. And with a furious look at Pnilip, which . Philip answered by a provoking little laugh, John went back to the wedding guests. ’ But all hi3 gaiety was gone: he would neither danco nor sing; and long before the festivities were over, he left. As lie went home, ha glanced toward the sands. Philip and Mary were together. Philip held her hand, and stooped his proud head to listen to what she was saying. John glanced but a moment at this bitter sight, then, with a mattered threat, not pheasant to hear, he took the other way. Unfortunately, several people heard the words, and they were after ward recalled to his condemnation. A party of Book-Cod fiahers came in one morning, bringing with them Philip’s private xowiog-boat, which they had found floating a couple of miles out of harbor. His line hnd a eonple of books were in the boat, and the oars were found not far away; but there ■was no trace of the young man. People be gan to inquire next where John had been daring the flow of that morning’s tide, and when it was proved that he had been seen leaving the harbor very early that mornirg, many looked on him with faces of dreadful meaning. Still, none liked to be premature. Mr Saville was always swayed by the caprice of the moment, and it was suggested that he had perhaps met a fishing-smack, and gone with the orew to enjoy some deep-sea fishing. Every boat that dame into the little ports ad jaosnt was eagerly inquired of; no one, how* ever, had Been anything of the missing man. Day by day the suspicion of foul play grew more definite. When ten days had elapsed, and no letters . or tidings came, the proper authorities took charge of Philip’s personal effects, and John Taggert was arrested on suspicion, bat there being no positive evidence to confirm the , vague suspicions regarding him, he was ac quitted. Bat now began the worst of his punish ment. The severity of the old laws of Man ; had made the peasantry look upon crime as something altogether dreadful; murder was s thing nearly unknown, and beyond the pale of exoaee or pardon; its very suspicion was a frightful thing. John Taggert found him Belf in pretty mnoh the same condition as the excommnnioated man in the Dark Ages. He coaid get no work; if he had not had money raved, he must have starved or left Castletown, About Christmas time, he met on the sea-shore the rector of the church he had ones so regularly attended. He would have passed him with a dark, averted face, bnt the good man would not let him; he put ont his hand and looked John steadily and kindly in the face. “John,” he said, "do you think I am going to eat my Christmas dinner with your dark, stubborn face haunting me? Why have yon not come to see me in your trouble?” Your servants, sit, would have said I laft a bloody step at the door-stone. Would yoa have allowed me to stand npon your hearth ?’’ <■ Did you ever try me, John ? Turn now with me and come to my study, for I have something to Bay to you.,’ Then the good man led him on to tell all the petty insults whose tremendous cumula tive power was fast turning him into a fierce, bitter hater of his kind; and the poor fellow found comfort even in this nnbnrden* ing of his grief, as well as in the unspoken sympathy that glistened in his listener’s eyes. At last, when the heavy heart had un burdened all its agony, the rector Baid: “John, why don’t you go away from Castletown?” “No, eir,” he answered, passionately; “1 have done nothing to run away for. If there is any justice in Heaven, it will olear me in the Bight of my neighbors and kinfolk. .1 can wait; but I want to be here on the spot when God is ready to heat my cause.” “Are you suffering for money or neoes saries ?” “Notmnoh, sir; for sines yourreverenoe has been so kind to me, I will trust you with my one secret. Mary Boyd brings ms many • bowl of bread and milk to the old1 Druid par people 4vp’t ysgtjw there after j Eight, but Mary loves me, and 'ova: is not snared of ghosts. ■ • ’. .It I am glad to bear this,. John. Then M*rv, as well as'J, believes you to be inno cent V ' ' For a momant John could not speak j tbcn with fail eyes. lie answered : _ “ For them words, air, God bless you ! It you and Mary believe me innocent, I am not quite hopelets. Mary has nevar doubted me ; she eought me. out at once in my trouble and loneliness. I should have gone mad or died the last few weeks but for her.” ; “If I abould give you work and a little cottage, would iliry marry yon, and thus enable yon to live down, in jour own home, these suspicions?” | “ Yea, air, aha would leave all her people and come to me; bat that is a thing I would . not let her do. I would not slam my Mary's name, and; perhaps, tho unborn ianuoent, with my misfortune. When I am proved gnihljss is time enough for me to marry.” Aitar this, John was sullen and Bilent enough, but he did tho work the rector gave him, and tha support of a man so respected bcgiD, in Borne slight degree, to change public sentiment. But if there was any change in bis neigh bors, John took no notice of it. He spoke to no one, he did what work the rector gave , him, or spent whole days on the winter sea, comforted at rare, happy moments by a stolen visit from Mary. And eo the weeks crept on, unt:l tha middle of February. There had been a heavy wind all day, and the sea and the wind rose together as tha day ad- | vanecd. Going up Melew street, he met an j old man who had once been his hearty ad- | mirer and friend. The man had not spoken to him since his trouble, but this time he said, timidly : “Going to be a very bad, dirty night, John.’’ “• Yes,” replied John, curtly. “ Small ertfe pretty near Q tiggin Point. Hope she may not gat too near them Scarlet “ If she was worth her sails she would j have put into her harbor early to-day.” ! It was the longest conversation John had j held with r.nv ot his comrades for months. He suddenly remembered thcfact, and walked hurriedly away. Poor fellow I” muttered the old man. ‘•Miybe, now, he is none to blame.” That night the storm grew wilder and wilder until midnight, and long before dawn, in the pauses of the wind, oould be faintly heard the gun of a ship in distress. As soon as it was light, a erowd of men gathered on the shore, watching eagerly the craft in danger. -It was hard to tell what she was— all her masts were gone, and she seemed to be rapidly breaking up. Yet the sea ran so high, and "the danger of launching a boat was so imminent, that the oldest sailor feared to risk it. Then John l'aggert stepped eagerly for ward. “ Wiil any min go with me,” he said, “to save yonder poor fellows?” No one spoke. Of ail races the Manx are the most superstitious; and if John was really a murderer, they did not wish to share his fate; so no one answered hi3 appeal by word or movement. John set his iip3 and frowned darkly.” “ Is there any man here, then, who will help rno launch, a boat, and I will go alone?” “ I will,” said tho old man, who had spoken to him tho day before. N jw, if ever a human being was in a mood to command winds and waters, John Taggert was that morning. Ha leaped off tha quay into tho droppad boat, and all thought for a moment that he had found his death, but presently they saw him grasping both oars, erect and firm. Just then the rector reaohed the anxious erowd. “God bless you, John !” he cried. But John heard not the blessing; his face was set saawnrd, evory muscle, every sense was strained to the uttermcet, and yet .he afterward said he waB sensible of no exertion. Its rowed ns a man in a dreatn might row. Through marvellous dangers and difficulties he reached the wreck; then as ha neared it, he gave a great shout, for, clinging to a remnant of the mainmast, was a figure he knew but too well. He could not doubt his eyes—it was, it certainly was Philip Saville ! 1 Here was his vindication. John never doubted but that Heaven had sent it. and even as hs toiled in rowing, he did not forgrt the uplifting of his heart in unutterable gratitude. How he got the men oil the wreck and brought the crowded boat back safe to Castletown quay was always a mystery to John. Ha was always inclined to regard the whole afiiir as somewhat eupernatural. In truth, ho was possessed by feelings far beyond those that move us to ordinary action, and the enthusiasm that filled his own soul he imparted to tlie half-drowned men he came to save. They obeyed him as if ho had been a god, and John had part of his reward in tha shouts that greeted tho boat as she slowly and dangerously neared the land. But when John himself lilted Philip Saville out of it, and in his etrong, loving arms carried him a3 a mother would carry a child, men wore afraid to speak; for there was an exaltation in his manner that awed them ; so. also, when the rector draw him into the equare, and a great crowd gathered round the justified man, there were more hand-shakings than words, for the Manx arc a silent people, more given to actions than professions. Philip’s explanation was a natural one. Eirly one morning, he had met cut at sea the yacht of an old compsn:on, and learned from him that his elder brother had been killed by a railway Bccident, and that the family lawyer was looking for him. As there was only two steamers a week between the Island and Liverpool, and as it would be im possible to catch the one sailing that day. his friend had offered to run him across to Liverpool in his yacht. Without much thought, he had accepted the offer, leaving a note in the boat to inform his landlady what to do with his effects if anyone found the boat, which wa3 almost certain to be the ease. He had also instructed his lawyer to write to Castletown; but both directions had failed. Probably the note had been blown away; and the lawyer, amid the more important business of settling up and transferring the estate had not thought the few sovereigns, lying in Castletown of urgent interest, and of graver consequences he was totally ignorant. Then Philip had been compelled to leave England immediately with a sister, whose delicate health the shock of her brother’s death had greatly injured. Amid the delights of Rome, he forgot his Castletown life, until one morning, about a month previous, in a package of delayed English letters, he found one from the rector of Castletown, detailing the wretched consequences of Mr. Seville's disappearance. This letter had been sent to the family teat after Philip’s departure for Italy, had baen forwarded to his lawyer in London, and, after many delays, finally reached the right person. Without a moment’s delay, Philip had started for England, and finding that in winter steamers only run once a week be tween the Island and Liverpool, he hired a S small craft to bring him over at ooce to Castletown, ODd he had thus met the storm that had so nearly proved fatal. There are some calamities that never meet adequate compensation, for Job dees not always re cover bis eons and daughters, but everything that a friendship consecrated and sealed in the very presence of death oould devise, and everything that abundant' wealth could per form, Philip did to recompense the weary, shameful months that were irreclaimable. Henceforward, John Eailed his own ship, and Mary received as her wedding gift the prettiest cottage in her native village, and together they have seen many good days, and bad their full share of prosperity. "Now you never smell tbe odor of liquor on my breath,” said the young clergyman; expostulating with Staggers for his bibulous propensities. "No; what do you do for it 7” asked Staggers, with deep interest. The German of it.—" That Blythe is a good deal of a hypocrite.” " In what way ?” " Why, he’s the kind of a man that wonld strain at a beer and swallow a kummel.” How do you like that young Yale man yon employed as messenger, MrBarkins?” . " He's a very good fellow,” returned the banker ; " he lets me do pretty muoh as I please," 