CHURCH INTELLIGENCE. An open-air fete in aid of tlie building fund of St. Matthew's Church, Kensington, was held on the grounds of the Hon. W. Oavenagh Mainwanng, Marryatville, on Saturday after noon and evening. A sale of plain and fancy goods was held in a marquee, where fruit and other refreshments were provided. Afternoon tea was served from 3 p.m, to 5 p.m. and meat tea from 6p.m. to 7.30 p.m. Outside of the tent lawn tennis, archery, Punch and Judy, and other amusements diversified the treasures of the fair. The City Volunteer Band played at intervals. The attendance was good and the proceeds were satisfactory. Anniversary services in connection with the Draper Memorial Church were begun on Sunday, when the Rev. J". Y.Simpson, chair man of West Australian district, preached both morning and evening to large congrega tions. In the morning the rev. gentleman based his remarks.on Mathew xxvii., IS, whilst the basis of the evening discourse was on the Epistle of John, chap, iv., verse 8, "God is Iwe." In the afternoon a choral service, en titled "The King of Glory," was rendered by a choir of 200 voices, the Rev. P. C. Thomas leading the devotions. Collections were made at each service in aid of trust funds. The ser vices will be continued this evening, when tea and public meetings will be held, at the latter of which Sir John Colton will preside. On Sunday evening the Rev. G. E. Rowe, in the Aroher-street Methodist Church, North Adelaide, delivered to a crowded con gregation an address on "Helpers in our homes, or the blessedness and dignity of ser vice." In an earnest and powerful discourse the_ preacher showed how all the ^varying activities of our daily life were covered by the Gospel of Christ. The everyday life of the people was made up of busy work, which, when performed in the spirit of Christ, was transformed into service for the Most High God. During the evening the choir rendered the anthems "I will arise" (Cecil) and. "In humble faith and holy love" (Garett); while the solo, "Take my life" (Havergal), was feelingly given by Miss Hawke. There was a large representation of "Helpers from the Homes " in North Adelaide present during the service. Missionary services in connection with the Franklin-street Bible Christian Church were held on Sunday, when the Rev. H. W. Horwill, M.A., conducted the services in the morning and evening. In the morning, taking as a text Matthew xiii. 33, the rev. gentleman showed that the duty of the church was to transform the world by saturating it with Christian principles. In the afternoon a voung people's service was conducted by the Revs. J. Trewin and T. M. Flood. At the evening service the Rev. H. W. Horwill based his re marks on the text Zechariah iv. 6, and pointed out that the greatest force in the world was neither physical strength, money, nor intellect, but the power of the Holy Ghost, which was needed to cleanse, to illuminate, to give zeal and en thusiasm and to shed abroad the love of God in the heart. Harvestthanksgiviug services wereheldatthe Malvern Wesleyan Church on Sunday, when the Rev. J. C. Hill preached appropriate ser mons in the morning and afcernoon, while the Rev. J. R. Bradbury conducted services in the evening. There were large congregations, and the church was beautifully decorated. On Monday a garden fete was held on the grounds opposite the church, kindly lent by Mr. T. J. Matters for the occasion. There was a fair attendance when Lady Colton declared the fete open to the public. Lady Colton in a few appropriate words wished the sale of goods every success so that the debt on the church might be materially reduced. On the motion of the Rev. J. Y. Simpson, seconded by Mr. T. J. Matters, Lady Colton was accorded a hearty vote of thanks. Both gentlemen con gratulated Sir John and Lady Colton upon the well deserved honor that had been con ferred upon them by her Majesty the Queen. The Rev. R. M. Hunter, in the unavoidable absence of Sir John, responded on behalf of Lady Colton. A brisk business was done at the various stalls, over which Mesdames Mat ters, Chewings, Gully, Parks, and Williams, and _ Misses Mabel Matters and Williams presided. In the evening the grounds were illuminated, and a programme of vocal and instrumental music was carried out by the Archer-street Orchestral Band and Company. The annual harvest thanksgiving services in connection with St. Michael's Church, Mitcham, were held on Sunday last, when the building was very tastefully adorned with corn, flowers, and fruit. _ There were large atten dances, especially in the morning, when the Bishop of Adelaide preached. In the afternoon he addressed the Sunday-school. The children subscribed £1 for the Children's Hospital at this service. The incumbent (Rev. F. W. Samwell) discoursed in the evening on the words " Give us this day our daily bread." The choral services were rendered well through out, the anthem "Oh, taste and see" (Goss) being especially well sung. Anniversary services in connection with the Draper Memorial Church were continued on Monday evening, when tea and public meet ings, which were well attended, were held. At the public meeting Sir John Colton pre sided over a large attendance. The pastor (the Rev. P. C. Thomas) reported that the church membership was still in a satisfactory condition. During the year £164 lis. lOd. had been paid off the church debt and the church renovated, while a loan of £150 had also been liquidated.^ Appropriate music was rendered by the choir, and a collection was made in aid of the trust fund. On Saturday Herbert Grimwood, aged 16 years, a son of Mr. George Grimwood, residing near Port Wakefield, was rushed by a bull owned Ijy his father, and although not gored he had three ribs broken, one of which has pierced his lung. He now lie3 in a critical state, and is being attended by Dr. Goldsmith, who has small hopes of his recovery. Mr. Grimwood also owns a ram which is as fond of rushing as the bnll, and had not the ram come to the rescue by attacking the bull the lad must have been killed on the spot. Mr. Grimwood has had many misfortunes recently. A few months ago his eldest daughter died from influenza at the age of 21, and a few weeks previously his eldest son had to be sent to the lunatic asylum. He has a farm about 15 miles from Port Wakefield, in the hundred of South Balaklava. A quantity of machinery for Chaffey Brothers' irrigation colony, Renmark, was landed at Port Adelaide on Monday from the Mc-omer Gulf of Venice, which arrived from London on Friday night. 