TOPICS OF TKE DAY. A novolty bus recently been inaugu rated iu connection with lho Cauliiuld Grammar School. Thu young Christians attending this establishment havo formed n union amongst thomsalvcs. which is called tho B.C. Band, tho letters "D.C." signifying "Daring for Christ." Tho ob jects of tho Union are "to raise tho tone of Christian walk nml conversation ; to onablo Christians who nro of ono mind to recognise and enjoy communion with one another whenever thoy meet ; and to encourage in, and give opjKirtunily for, testifying for tho MsBter." Tho members pledge themselves "to forsake worldly nmuHCinnuls, ouch ns dancing, theatre- going, horse- racing, gambling, and any thing that proves a hindrance to their spintuul life ; to select their rending and singing, and to eiidonvor to order their conversation, with a view to tho glory of God." They further express their readi ness " to witness for Christ, uud to do anything for tho Salvation of souls, when- ovor and whorovur, they may bo called thoroto by their Lord and Master." a Thcro is a political crisis in Gormnny tins week, lho cable states, ovor the oducation question, Chancellor Caprivi disagreeing with tho Liberals, who object to compulsory religious instruction in Stato school. Secular education is com pulsory throughout Germany, ns in Vie- toriu. Abovo tho cloinontnry schools rank tho middle schools of lho towns, called Burgher schools and ilighor Burvhnr schools, inalitoral translation otrhoGormim names. Thu OymnsHin are the highest schools, preparing students in a course op to niuo years, for thu universities and learned professions, These Gymnasia are carefully graded iu claimes, according to thu objects of study. Thon thoro are the numorous technical kciiooih. Less than ono per cont of thu German Army recruits are unable to read and write, indeed, little over ono-half par cont. Thorn are 21 universitities, hcadod by Berlin, 310 professor and teachers ; Laipsio, 182 ; Munich, 171 Brcslau, 133 ; Gottinguii, 121 ; Bonn and Hullo, each 120. Tho cable mentions that tho Czar is ondeavering to re-establish serfdom iu Itunaia. Tho rural population, nt Lho earliest period known, was composod of slaves, free agricultural laborer, nml nensants who wore members of commune. The source of slavery were capture in war, voluntary salo of thomsolvo by poor fraomun, sale of insolvent debtors, mid tho action of thu law in cortain crimiunl cases, hi tho 18th ooutury nil thoso class distinctions woro effaced and merged iu surfs, lho property either of lundcd proprietors or the State, so that the full establishment of uerfdom was only in the last century, by some suoli a u measure as Is now contemplated. An imperial ukase, of 1721, says "Tho propriotora sell their peasants and -dome&lio; servants, not uvou in families, hut ono by ono, like cattle." in fuut it was thu Undo Tom's Oabiti statu or thing, except that salo by auction was not ullowcd. Alexander II., nftor the Crimean war. took measures which led to thu omauoipation of tho serfs, 1801. Tho numbor was ovor 40 million, about half belonging to tho Stato and tho rest to individual proprietors. Is tho world goiug backward after such a noble set I a Among tho latest instances of fin do Hicclo fastidiousness is nn accepted Code of Fashion in relation to- lho garments worn by ladies' pet dog. Timo is no longer when a plain coat of hluo cloth with a yellow border was considered the acmo of luxury 1 Jor tho domestic toy terrier, pug or Italian greyhound. Doggy must now havo n comploto wardrobo, containing a costumo for each ovont of tho day. Tho following is givon by a society paper as tho vory latest thing in 4 canine out fits." At breakfast only n simple gar ment of bluo or whito flannel should bo wom, and at this poriod a collar of any kind is considered vulgar. F or tho morning constitutional" a close- fitting coat of striped or spotted English cheviot, with a mantle well covering tho chest, is essential, and tho leading-chain and collar must bo of antique silver. Tho costumo for tho afternoon drive, to bo fashionable, must bo of fine cloth or plush, and tho color cither blue, mouso or fawn. Willi this a collar of velvet hung with tiny medallions is do riguour, unless one of fur bo considered inoro becoming. Finally f for evening dress the pot is arrayed in a wadded gown of cashmere or velvet, ornamented richly with beads, ami emblazoned with the arms of tho happy owner on tho collar." When ono rends such sort of stuff ns this ono ceasos almost to wonder ut tho cxistcnco of oxtronio socialists. Our Launccston correspondent writes : —There is great indignation oxprcs&cd; ovor tho remarks of Pastor Soltan (pastor of Mrs Reed's church) at iko-Christian Convention on Friday last. lio stated "that we had now full demonstration of lho power of God to onswor prayor, for on tho (Sunday night previous ho had prayed tho Almighty specially to semi an earthquake upon Launccston, so that tho inhabitants would bo shaken, and rcaliso their peril, and ho was thank ful to say ho had received a direct nnswor." The impious arrogance, almost amounting to blasphemy, contained iutho statement baa aroused a strong fooling of resentment, and the general opttriou is that a ducking in tlio Tamar would do tho reverend earthquake maker good. A hot warfare is raging in tho Northern Tasmonian press between tho hon, D. S, Bird (Treasurer) and Mr John Jienry, M.il.A. for East Devon. In addressing his constituents, Mr Ilcdry commented strongly on tho Treasurer's action iu the " Warfrucn" episode. 17)0 facts arothat tlio 44 Wnrfruon" brought a cargo of sawn timber for fruit boxes, which was tied into bundles. Tho duty on this class of good was 1.030, and tlio wharfago L03. An application was inado for a reduction which Mr Bird refused ; but, during bin absence from office, tho Prouder, with tho concurrence of tho Attorney-General, altered tlio classification to 44 boxes," which, under tho "unenumorated" section of tho tariff, would pay 1,220, and a refund nf L110 wus made. But tho Auditor-General drew tho Treasurer's attention to lho fact that, in tho latter case, each box would hwo to pay 3d wharfage, which would mean that tho importers wore out of tho frying-pan into tho fire, for this would amount to L710 altogether, or L77 moro than the original demand. Tho Treasurer, however, declined to tako further action, and Mr ilenry charges him with as sisting nn industry iu which ho is engaged, nt thu cxpenso of tho colony. Thu Treasurer considers tlio reflec tion a personal ono, and defends himself nb length in tho Press, hinting ot an apology or a libel action. Mr Henry reiterates the assertion, but (lenios any personal insinuation. Altoyuthor, it is a pretty u uarrcl, and, to say the least, looks 44 fishy. 'There is a prospect of n Launccston team visiting BuUarat to competo in tho Fire Brigades4 competition in March next Tlio London 44 Daily Telegraph" writes: —People havo recently developed so ex traordinary a fondness for doctoring them selves with patent inodicines, warranted to euro nil sorts of distempers and wounds, from tootacho to a brokon leg, and grocers uow no largely deal in thoso nrliclcs nt prices far bolour those marked on the stuff, that pharmacists ond chemists are complaining of inroads upon whutthcy regard ns their legitimate trado and profits. Thorn is no doubt that tho mania for swallowing potiutiB and pills which nro protected by a putont stamp litis immensely increased in recent years. it is ho hnndy to havo something ready which is supposed to he effective for no matter what ail ment, Several metropolitan chemists havo attempted to devise a chock upnu this system. Thoy proposed an arnvil'gc- inent between proprietor of patent medi cines nml retailors, whoreby tho hitler would not scuk to push their owu wares when proprietory nostrums wcreoskod for, and would also signnii agreement not tosoll tho )r»ttor below a cortain fixed price. Retailers who would not thus bind them selves were to ho boycotted by tho owner of patont medicines. Tho labtur, however, would have nothing to do with tho scheino, ono of them alleging that so far as his universal medicament was concerned, lho groccr'aorrand-boycould dispense itaswell ns tho most experienced apothecary, sinco it had only to bo dolivorod at tlio swnl- lower's house. Chemists havo therefore no remedy, it would appear, against tho grocers' competition, and must, liko their brethren iu America, who experience it ovon more than English phiirinuoists, sub mit to grin and bear it. Tho auditors, Messrs Mullally and Korgenut Ilchir, liuvo completed the in vestigation into tho nccounts of thoir info defaulting secretary, (J'Connetl. The truo and amended Imlnucc-shooU for tho period during which ho was secretary, viz.. from December, 18U0, to Scptotnbcr, 1891, as well as tho report, will bo hud on tho tublo at to- night's meeting of tho branch, to bo hold at 8 p.ui, at tho ficioncy is set down at LlOfi Ids lid. It was feared that through O'Connell's lax administration tho oldost established branch of tho socioty would bo made hopelessly inaolvont, but sinco O'Con- noil's dismissal tho contributions havo pourod in, and no doubt by careful administration tho branch will again prosper. It is cabled that Inst week tho Jesuits made an unavailing attempt to obtain a cancellation oi the Juw passed in 1873 for thoir expulsion from Germany. Evi dently this is connected with tho death of their Gcuornl, Andorlcdy, and nppnrontly oil n promiso that his systoin will bo modified. Father Andurlcdy was a Swics, - and his predecessor, Father Beckx, n Belgian, ruling for tho long period of 34 years, 1853—87. Here nro some former Jesuit expulsions. From Frauce 1594, rc-adinitted 1004, tolally suppressed and proporty confiscated 1704. Expelled from England 1G79, 1581, 1530, 1002, and by tho Catholic Relief Act 1829. Expelled from Vunlco 1007, Holland 1708, Portugal 1759, Spain 1709, nbolishod by Pnpo Cloinont XIV. 1773, restored by Pius vl. 1814\. Expelled from Belgium <1818, Russia 1820, Spain 1820, 1835, Franco 1831, 18-15, Portugal 1834, Sardinia, Anstrin, eto., 1848, Italy 1800, and again 1873, dissolved in Franco 1880. In short they havo bocu ox polled ovurywhore, and yot they aru everywhere. An inquest was held yesterday nt tlio lCew Asylum by Dr Nield, thu deputy Cormier, upon the body of an inmate iiaiuud Robert Onslow Dickson, who, ac cording to tho resident surgeon, Dr Barker, wus admitted in July of last your, suffering from partial paralysis and organio heart discaso. lie was takon out in August by his friends on probation for a few days, but returned with nil his symptoms aggravated, am) in Sop- tvmbor ho had an attack of apoploxy whiolt inorciwed tho naralysis. On Sun day last, whllo attondimr Divino aorrico, lio suddenly foil dead. Tho oost-mortein tixaminatidu, which was made by Dr W. L. Mullen, showed extensive brain disease, and tho jury returned a verdict in accordanco with tiiis testimony. Thcro is a legend among tho older inhabitants that tho grounds of tlio Qticon's rcatdonco at Oshorno arc haunted by tho ghost of Sir Eustace Mann, who onco owned tho manor, and is supposed to havo buried treasure hero during tho Civil Wars, which ho is porpetually looking for, Tho ghost has not, however, been seen cf lato by any trustworthy witness. Thcro has just been definitely opened at St. Raphaol, on tho Mediterranean coast, an establishment for tho inhalation of ozone. It is based on tho conviction, after long and conclusive experiments, that it is not worth whilo to seek suddenly to romovo all tho ills attendant on anmmia nor tho deadly ravages of tuberculosis ; but, says tlio Fans correspondent of Jhe 44 Times," it is believed tlmt an attempt should bo tnado to rehabilitate tho weakened organs by the infusion of a vital element, the absence of which is the cauro nf all the disintegration of tho bodily powers. In tho nowly-oponed establishment thcro are not only inhaling rooms, where amende and tuber culous patients may cxpcricnco tho advantages of ozone ; hut mas- sago and hydropathic rooms, the natural corollary of tho ozone treatment The rooms in which tho patients live, promonadc, nnd spend most of their tiino aro filled with air impregnated with ozone, whilo tho inhaling apparatus con tains various quantities of ozone suited to each particular case. Already 50 pationts havo been attracted to tho establish- mint. ' Ono by one, writos an English paper, our old-ejtabiished institutions are vanish ing.' Tho whipping- post and stocks hnvo disappeared, and when midnight of 31st December Inst tolled the extinction of 1891 44 tho Queen's pipo " was numbored among tho memorials of past greatness. Hitherto nil smiigL'lcd tobacco seized by Custom House officers has been smoked in 44 Her Majesty's Ripe," at tho placo of capture — that is to say uselessly burned in a furnace specially designed for tlio purpone. This ridiculous method of getting fid of a innrkctnblo nrltclo suited admirably the views of King James 1., who regarded the stnoku of tho weed as worse than tho fumes of tho bottomless pit.obut has for long seemed to sensible people an anachronism. Orders, it is reported, havo now been issued to put out 44 tho Qucon's pips " lor over. Henceforth it may ho reckoned on ns among tho oxibict volcanoes. All tobacco seized will be forwarded to headquarters in London, and will either bo sold or distributed among the inmates of institutions depen dent upon tho Government. In Paris tobacco thus confiscated is put up for salo, and tho proceeds devotod to tho Assistauco Publiquo, or relief of tlio poor. Tho Russell street police require an ownor for about a hundredweight of lead piping which was found in Exhibition street about D o'clock this morning. The piping is now at Uio Little Bourko street lock-up, An innovation of a sort which shows a kindly regard for tho wolfarc, if not exactly of customers, at loast of thoir heirs-at-law, has been introduced by cortiun Loudon licensed victuallers. Ac cording to lho 44 City Press," thoy havo adopted a method of life assuranco for patrons of thoir wares. Evory customer whobuyBa glass of nlo or spirits— who, in fact, spends twoponco in tlio shop — is entitled to a coupon which insures his or her Jifc for L100 in tho ovont of death taking place, by accident or otherwise, within seven days of tho (lato of issue. By some this plan will bo regarded ns a guarantee that tho liquor supplied is war ranted not to tako fatal effect for nt least scion days, but by othors it will bo deemed an incentive to drunkenness, sinco a rash and reckloss inan might bo induced to spend his Inst sovercimi in swallowing 120 twopunnyworths in tho hopo of leaving L12.000 (in coupons) to comfort his bereaved relatives. The system will require cloao surveillance, Jn a later issue tho same authority says 14 Freo insurances, as initiated by curtain metropolitan publican— that is to nnv, tho giving of nn insurance coupon of L109, availablo for soveti days, to anyone who spends 2d on a glass of bcor in their (istnblishmonts— is not, it appears, tho illi mitable boon that topers imagine. Mr Wyvill, secretary of tho Free Insurance Trust, writes tlmt tho coupons nro avail- able only in caso of ncciiient, nnd nspocinl stipulation is mado that no matter how many coupons a man may havo in his pockets ut tho timo miafortuno overtakes him, he ia only entitled to payment for ono. It is always easy for a tipsy inin to get into an accident, but nil tho oxcitemunt nnd charm of tho process vaui&li; when, wit Ji a pockok of freo insurance policies, ho finds himself cut off absolutely from tho hope of leav ing a fortuno by au irritating. 4 rule nnd regulation.4 It furthor appear Hint the system is not. limited to licensed victuallers, but ' ia equally applicable to all tradesmen. A liousoholdor can, therefore, bo insured weekly with bakor, butcher, milkman, barber, tobacco-merchant, and so on ad infinitum— nlwovs with tho proviso that only one coupon i pnyablo. Tho plan, however, shows how keen is tho competi tion for business among tradesmen in tho present day." 44 A Club Man" in tho 44 Europonn Mail" _ writes A correspondence has uriacn tho 41 Times" on tho offensive, not to say brutal, tonn of cross-examina tion adopted by curtain barriBtors, and submitted to by tho judgos. Tho worst of this system is that it is huttor calculated to confuse n timid and truthful witness than extract tlio truth from an export in perjury. Tho ending of tho RussuU nnd of the Poarl robbery cases havo naturally brought this subject into notice. Counsel think it porfcctly fair to blacken tlio character of a witness bv insinuation. In thu llmuoH'casu, nn nblo young schoolmaster was, by suggestion, ucciiaud of an uuspeakablo offence, for which tho fcoblo and frightened apologv of the Solicitor-General was. an afl too inadequate compensation. In the Pearl caso. Sir Churlos Russell was . compliinoiited by tho judgo on his " noble" notion in withdrawing bnso- loss imputntioiiH against tho liargreavcs nnd thoir friend when it was thu only course open to hhn. In nn ideal system of justice, tho judgu would carefully pro tect witnesses from being frightened and bullied, and no counsel would dare to net on his 44 instructions" iu thu samo spirit of reckless confidence shown by tho counsel for Lady Russell. But thu luwyora seem to hnvo uccoptod ns nn axiom that nil is fair in u furen&tc; fight. As our law courts aro supposed to exist solely iu tho causo of justice, a little moro fairness to uioho unlucky enough to be served with " subjKutias" would ndd Ui thoir dignity and righteousness. Thcro is at prescut uo visible linut to the liberties of tho bnr. OnTuesdsyovcnina next, at the Hibernian Hall, a now soiimtional drama, entitled The Bells of Clovclly, will ho produced by the Beaufort Dramatic Combination, including Messis Charles Beaufort, Charles Leicester, R. II. Scott, L. C. Doylo, Frank Howard, H. Wilson, James Brett, \V. Colo and Miss Maud M'Calhim. The particular reason of tho production is Interesting inasmuch as it Isau attempt, probably the first in this country, to do tho work which in London is achieved bymatinco perfor mances, tlmt is to civo managers an oppor tunity oj judging of tlio dramatist' merit. Tho piece i in two nets, hut thcro are thrco scones in tho first, nnd four in the second, among them being such proper haunts of sensation as tho Thames Embank ment, Aby Moss's Den ; nobody, of course wants tcllingtliat Aby Moss is 44 a Jew fence" and "A Confession— Back from tho Dcail."As the prices of admission aro to bo only Is ami 2, no donbt niAiiy pooplo will patronise tbo novol oxporlmout, which dosorvcseocourago- incut. Tbe P.S. Hygoia, having bean chartered for Saturday ooxt. tlie Ozono will take her placo, starting at 2 p.m. for Queenscllff, I'ortsca, Sorrento and Dromana. The Ozone's 10.30 a.m. triptoSchnsppcr I'ointoa that day will, therefore, not bo run as previously advertised. Tho members of St. Francis Branch No. 1 If.A.C.B. Society are requested to attend tlio meeting to-night, when the balance- sheets for the four quarters ending Soptcrn- Ikr, 1S91, will bo distributed. | It is satisfactory to hear that Messrs Hanoi!, Firth, and M'Cutchcon aro in a posi tion, iu spite of tho disastrous Geo at their prcmUe on Sunday last, to trsnffacfe busi ness as usual, and as repairs will bo immedi ately proceeded with thoy hope to be again employing all their hand very shortly. To-night Madame Corandinl, after a half century spent in tho servico of tho publio, takes a farewell benefit at tho Town Hall, preparatory to leaving Australia finally for Europe. It is not possible, of course, for ladies who livo before the publio as artists do to ignore the flight of timo, sinco programmes anil newspaper report survive to their later days to tell ol their earlier triumphs, and therefore there i no indis cretion in mentioning tho fact that Madame Caraudlni, still u charming and competent artist, was actually singing with great auccusa as a girl in .Sydney, in 1840. Her career in that respect pro mises to rival that of her former colleague Anna Bishop, whoso first Important pnblio appearance was made in 1S30, and hor last in 1884. Madame Carnndini will to-night sing Jessie, tho Flower of Dutnblanc, and will tako part in the quartette, Ott in tho stilly night. Ifcr daughtors, Lady Morland and Mrs- Palmer, together with Madame Christian, Mr Beaumont, Mr Gcc, Siguor Buzz!, and other well-known artists will be represented in an excellent programme, and tho house should be well filled with tho friends and admirers oi a lady who was lho first of Australian vocalists, and wboeo name ia a household word among all lovers of good marie. Iu pursuance of tho policy ot doing tiio best they can in the interests of their cus tomers, tbo Mutual Store Company Limited have made arrangements by which fruit can bo sent direct from tho grower to the consumer nt a cost of about 75 per cunt. I«ncath tho retail prices obtain ing. The fruit will bo supplied by the Frnit ami Produce Export Company Limited, a Ro-opurativo society of orchardists at Gcc- lone, whoso ouly object i to get rid of their fruit ut fair prices, and on an order being scut to tho Mutual .Store, Flinders street, the fruit will be forwarded direct to tbe con sumer. From tho point of cheapness the advautagc to be gained may be imagined when it is stated that by this means a caso of (Able plums, weighing between 451b nnd 501b, with case, can bo pur chased for 3s 3d, and u half- case for nbout 2s. This is the auction rate, nnd the system obviates tlio necessity of tho fruit passing through two or thrco hands. Arrangements are also being made with Ruthorgtcn and Wnhgunyah vinogrowcrs for the supply of grapes in liko manner. Shortly after closing tho establishment of Messrs J. F.. Dandier nnd Company, drapers and clothiers, of Nelson place, Williamstown, i lost evening, the employes in the different departments at ilicir factories in Footscray nnd Wiltiaimtowu completely took posses sion of the building in the shape uf n surprise party. Vans laden with the delicacies of the season nml mtuic for tho enjoyment of tho evening were upcudily relieved of their couteuts,whichwcrctransfcrrudintothoshow room, which had n few minutes previous Iwsen in its ordinary business character. After tho surprisu hod bocu got over by tho mem bers of the firm, a programme of joviality was gono through, over 50 of the employes —old and young— joining and contributing to the songs and recitations, which had evi dently been well arranged. Short, appro priate speeches were givcu, and it was not till long after midnight that the party separated, after having Bpcnt a most enjoy able timo. The attendance nt the Tasmania!! Exhibi tion Inst week was 310(5, nn improvement on the previous two weeks. Tito total who have passed through the turnstiles to date is 132,075. 