GHOST CUT GHOST.) -^-' i Yen may imagine that during my career 1 as a detective i have bad gome singular jobs 3 given ms 10 work on. Thera was one little ? p'ieee of tininess that I always look back j. upon with a good deal of professional pride, , although the ending was a very sad one. It was a case of diamond cut diamond—ghost cut ghost, I call it—and took up my time for the better part of six months. About ten miles outside the limits of San Francisco—I’m speaking of aboGi twenty years ago—stood a large farmhouse. This house bed teen vacant for three years before I saw it. The original owner bad been mur dered there,’and the bouee and farm had passed into the hands of hi3 brother, who was a New York gentleman, The New Yorker being unable to find a tenant for the house and farm which bad passed into bis hands,..left them to take care of them selves. Now, a wooden house left to take care c£ itself is in a very bad way, and though for a time thebouse waB no: without tenants, they were not such as took upon themselves any responsibility for the necessary repairs. Parties of t* o or three miners occasionally Etcpped at the house all night; these were its only tenants. But by-and-bye it was de serted by even these chance visitants; for word began to get about tbat the house was haunted. The panic caused by this report was such that for love or money you couldn’t have hired a carpenter to enter it even in the day time. Of couiEe I heard of the haunted house; but as detectives are never called upon to erreet ghosts, I felt no particular curiosity about it. One morniDg cur chief put into my hands a case against an abEton lir.gsecretary named Coffin, Collin was the eb jretary of the \Y hite Mountain Mining Company. All the funds bad been under his control, and he had got away with some ten thousand dollars belong ing to the ehareholdere. My business was to find hizn. Hia landlady told me that he’d pone away without hia trunks or oiotbc-s. The only things that were missing were a suit of clothes, a stout pair of boots, one or two clean shirts, some collars, a wide-awake hat, and a black valise. He bad left the town at night. No one had witnessed his departure. Here was a good ohence for a detective to work by the inductive process— from small beginnings to work on and on from clue to clue until be bagged bis man. .All the11 could do was.to work all the roads leading out of the town. After about a week at this I found a form hand who had seen a foot passenger resembling my man the morning after he had absconded, I_ fol lowed this trail and scon became positive that I was on the right track. Ccffin was a shrewd fellow. He had planned the embezzlement and escape care fully, and bad made elaborate preparations for playing what we call the " chameleon game,” that is for changing his clothing, headgear and face, at every stage. To this end he had possessed himself of a change or two of clothing, a stock of bats, and any qntntity of whiskers; and he rung the changes on these very frequently. The black bag was the only thing that I i bad to rely upon as a pointer.' Fortunately, | a man on tramp with a black bag was not in i those days a common sight ; and l had less difficulty' in following Coffin’s trail than might be BGppcsed. The first time I heard of him he was a Bmooth-faced gentleman, dressed in shabby black, looking for all the world like a broken down gambler going to retrieve his fortunes in some miniEg camp. The next, he was a midd'e-aged doctor, with a flowing beard and heavy moustache. Later on, he was playing the role of a company < promoter, offering to buy up mining claims on behalf of an English syndicate. He was i then attired in a check suit, a light het, and side whiskers. At this stage I obtained positive proof that 1 was following the right man, and I thought I Ehould have no diffi culty in laying my hand on Coffin. My I calculations deceived me. 1 found that he was “ doubling.” and traced him almost as far as the BnbarbB of San Francisco, There I lost all trace of him as completely as if the earth had swallowed him ep. Months afterward, feeling vexed and dis appointed, I dropped into a saloon at the outskirts of the town to get a “ liqnor.” I bad bad aB pretty a dance after Coffin as any man need want, but the interest of the game supported me, and I was determined not to give it np. There were three or four miners in the bar, and one of them was^evi dsntly greatly excited. His companions seemed to be ridiculing him, and he was getting what we call •* ugly.” I made my way towards the little knot of talkers and overheard the following conversation: “ So, yon didn’t think much of your lodg ings in the haunted house, Bill ?” “No, 1 didn’t—no two ways about it.” “ What did you hear?” ‘•’Tween t what I heard—’twas what I •aw.” . „„ “ What did youEee, then? “ Why, the doors openin’ and sbnttin’ without anybody touchin’ ’em,” “ Nonsense, man 1” “ NoneeDse be blowed! I tell yon they did. And when I drawed my six-Bhooter and fired half a dozen shots olean through the door—makin’ the all-firedest row you ever heard—the door kep’ openin’ and shuttin’ and playin’ tunes, I felt like a gone sucker, vou bet. My heart began to jump eo under my jacket that it’s a wander it didn’t knock a button off. I wouldn’t go there again for oil the money in the State. But if anybody here thinks I’m a coward, he’s only got to say so.” • . It suddenly occurred to me that 1 bad located Coffin. A vague suspicion of this sort, bad, it ie true, flitted through my mind before ; but now, without being able to ex plain why, I felt assured that, however im poaeilla it might epem, Ccffin was the ghost in the haunted house. Bey end the facts that the fame cf the haunted house was wide spread, and that everybody knew of its exist ence, there was nothing to support my theory except the maxim of the most famous of ail detf dives—a maxim destined.to assure jj.-q nttnr-taHia :-‘uAIwaT8 suspect that which seems probable, and begin by believing what appears incredible.” I determined to call in the aid of another detective, and visit the pices next night. I ohose for my companion George Webber, one of the most esteemed members of the force, a man who bad proved his worth. Webber was a mar of imperturbable calmness, and | with great confidence in himself. He would have laid biB hand upon the moEt dangerous criminal as tranquilly as if he had been ac costing a friend. | The hannted farmhouse was situated about i a hundred yards from the roadway. What once bad been a garden was now a veritable. jangle, given up to weeds and bushes. For tunately, although it was ten o’olock, the night was clear. Innumerable stars lit up the flinty sky. There was no light in the boose, no signs of its being inhabited. The windows of the ground floor were broken, and some of the doors were open. We entered at the rear. A place of more sinister aspeot I never saw-. The plaster had crumbled from the walls; the flooring was rotten ; the ceiling looked as thongh it might fall st any time, the rafters being bent as if they supported a heavy weight. The sitting-room, where " Bill” had taken np his qnartert'a few nights previously, con tained a rough table and a few stools, which had been overturned. I could see that the door which led from it to the staireaie had been riddled by bullets. There was a door way in the passage, but the door was gone. The door which led into the parlor opened noiselessly. Our lanterns revealed the fact that the tables, glass and chairs had been overturned, thrown in every'direction, trod den upon, shivered into fragments. Every thing denoted that this room had been the scene of a terrible struggle. The keyhole of the door which led into the oellax was sewn up with cobwebs. The sellar itself waa full ci dost and debris. Eaohot us bed a lantern and each inspected for him self. It Jr.ning along the aide wall, I detected r. wire, and following this I found that it liiscppeared in an old barrel. Without dis turbing the wire, I removed the head of tho barrel and found that the wire was attached to an old saucepan lid. A thorough Examina tion revealed nothing farther; so we returned to the sitting-room. I did not tell my com panion what I had Been, and he had dis covered nothing. Wo did not go up3taira, because we thought it would be prudent to postpone further explorations until the next day. Meanwhile, we darkened our lanterns and deposited them in aoorner. The room was eemi-dark. Our eyes and earn were on the alert; but the house was etiil as the tomb; we saw nothing and heard no eoned. I had merely toio .\v>y companion that I expected to make an r important discovery. Of its nature he knew nothing We waited in the meet acute Segree of ex pectation and attention until nearly midnight. All of a sudden we heard faint notes of music, which laeted for a few minutes. By and-bye the music was accompanied by a voice. The sounds were as fine and soft as the voice of a child. 1 was satisfied that the mnsio was the work of human hands and | the voice a human voice, bnt 1 wsb consider ably startled. My Companion looked very pale, and strove to rise from the plaoe where he set. I put my hand on his arm to prevent him. It was scarcely necessary, for be could barely muster- Btrength to whisper, “Let’s get.” The music was trailing away into feeble ness, when the staircase door began to open and shut. I felt eure that the .wire whioh 1 had seen down Etaira bad something to do with thiB. I made a great effort to rise. _ To my astonishment, I could not move a limb. I cculd only bend forward and gasp. A power which I could not resist made me motionless and speechless. Yet all the time I was burning to •* go ’’ for that door, bat I hadn’t physical capacity to do so. My companion recovered first, and seizing both ianterne, dashed from the house and made for the roadway. I jumped to my feel and followed my aompanion. As I did so, I heard a tunk, tunk, tunk 1 down in the I found my mate in the highway, his lace as white an a sheet. “What in thnnder aila yen, man?" I asked, fec-ling that the most creditable way of drawing my companion’s attention from my condition was to heighten the absurdity “ The ghost 1" he. gasped. “ I wouldn’t go back to that house to save my life.” There was nothing for it but to tell Webber what I’d seen and what I suspected. As 1 have said, my fellow-detective waa aa brave a man as ever took up a trail; and when I told him what I had seen, he became, per fectly self possessed. We spent the reminder of the night in laying cur plans. In the early morning he rode back to San Francisco to get tho necessary appsretuB fer catty, ing them out. I remained to “ ehadow ” tho house. Just as it was getting dusk my companion returned, and we re-entered tho bonse from the reer, noiselessly, and with great caution. Removing my shoes, I made my way u; stairs, where I fancied I detected a slight noise over head. Thera was no sign of this room having been inhabited. The old plsce wbb two stories high, with a garret at the top. The garret was evidently, reached by. a ladder, though none was visible. 1 surmised that the gkoet was in this garret, and that any one showing bia head above the scuttle would get it rapped, even if ho didn’t get shot. There was a large cupboard facing the on trance to the ganet, and in the door of it I bored—on a level with my eyes—a few small i holes with agimlet which I happened to have in my pocket-knife, first drawing it through my hair, to prevent its making the slightest noise. ' My plan was to play the ghost for ths benefit of the occupant of the garret—ghost, or no ghost. For this purpose Webber bad brought with him an old fiddle. I removed all th9 stringa but one, told my companion to allow me to secrete myself above, and then to make a noise on that one string, accom panying it with a few groans and other mnfiled noises. 1 hadn’t been hid many minutes before l heard the darnedest row from below. It wasn’t like anything earthly. At first it seemed like one shrieking in pain then it sounded like belligerent cats, and then jt died away in a few complaining sighs. It was so weird that, although I knew very well that my mate was causing it, I couldn’t help feeling a bit queer. Pretty soon I heard a movement overhead; the scuttle-top was being removed. Next a ladder was thrust down the scuttle. To help Webber to keep np the entertainment, I gave a few groans inside the cupboard. That brought a man down the ladder. He’d no sooner reached the foot of it than I collared him. It was Coffin. The moment I touohed him he sank down on the floor like-like an empty sack. He seemed as if he hadn’t got a bone in his body; be was as limp as a jelly-fish. While I got him out into the open air, Webber searched the garret, and found all the musing dollars, bonds, &a.; _ . We hurried Coffin back to San Francisco, intending to lock him np. He was still un conscious. and we were obliged to summon s doctor. Poor fellow ! He never gc t over vt. When he came out of his swoon he was mad, and had to speed the rest of his daya in an osjlnm. That’s the t foot it has, sir, when a man really believes be has come m oontaot with the supernatural, as Coffin did. “ Whose cigars does Carver smoke ? “Anybody's.” He : “ Cbapley seems to me to be a man of one idea.” ...... T Sbe: “He is more fortunate. than i thought.” A has never fully realises the wealth of information he doesn't possess till his firBt obild begins to ask questions. He : “ I am a millionaire.. Haven’t- 1 -money enough for both of ns?” She: “ Yes, if you are moderate in your taBtes.” She : “ So you are engaged to one of the Mnsgrave twins 1 How can you distinguish one from the other ?” He : “I don’t try to.” ScNDAY-sohool teacher: “How, Johnnie, tell me what took all the snap out of Sam* son.” Johnnie: “A home-made hair-ent, ma’am.” He: “ Tell me what yon think of my last poem. I want to finish it, as I have other irons in the fire.” : She: “ I should withdraw the irons and insert the poem.” “ So yonr papa bos gone fi-hing, has he T' said the minister to Johany Cumso; “ what kind of tackle doeB be use ?” “ Hook and lyin’,” “replied the intelligent boy. “ I’d like to know why yon hired a young woman for a type-writer 7” demanded Mrs Hilow of her husband. “ So I could have some one to dictate to,” replied the unhappy man. She: “What a fitting token of married love is the wedding-ring I” - He : “It is. A ring has no end; and it also has no beginning. It is absolutely with out variety; and is muoh easier put on than takenoff.” Cusioukk “ I bought some medicine here yesterday for my dog, and after I gave it to him it died. What do you mean, anyway f I didn't tell you I wanted to kill him." Druggist: “You said ha belonged to your wife.” . ' It is no breach of logie to eceolude that the man with tha rum blossom is a booming ahum. 3*17 