A DROVING TRIP IN THE I DROUGHT OF 1S76. ( From the PastoraXUttf. Rrvinp.) - J I had just finished, a well-earned holiday in Melbourne, and retarded to ' my old district, tbo Mumimbidgee, anxious to renew my finances and eager for work; and having a fair. droving - plant, including forty-two bead of good and tried hpraes, fat and sound. , After a day or two's rest I com menced to, look round for an opening for my -energies, work for my plant, and a prospect Of. being able to remit at no diBtaht date a good fat oheque to my bankers. . I bad not to look about very long, being known in tbe district as a care ful and steady drover, having made mauy trips to the diatriot with both fat and- store oattle, when one day 1 was &Bked; to call at a well-known agent's office. On arrival there I was informed that a wealthy Victorian had a large mob of store cows, something over a thousand head, which he wanted driven to the Warrego. I may mention, en passant, that tbe Warrego in those days was to the river men inside, the veritable 'awaybaok,' or a sort of terra incognito; Well, after a long conference with the agent, and. a oarefnl perusal of the district maps (of which there were many in the office), I was put in possession of what information Was necessary as regards the lay ' of the country, dis tance to be travelled, rivers, creeks, and lagoons en route, &c.; Ultimately we came to terms, and the following day I signed a contract agreeing to prooeed iu seven days' time to lift (anglice, to take delivery of) 1000 or 1100 'bead of oattle, and drove same to owners' station on the Warrego, finding all plant myself and paying all expenses, tbe agents agreeing to honour my drafts on tbem . to the ex tent of 35 per cent, on my contract price. I took tbe precaution before starting on this memorable trip of- consulting a few good and true brother-drovers who were acquainted with the oountry wbicb I would require to travel, and from tbem succeeded in gaining some valuable information and advice. After selecting nine ' smart young fellows and a cook for the through trip, 1 was prepared for a start. The trip I reckoned with a fair amount t-f luck would take ub four mouths from date of delivery to accomplish. Tbe sequel shows how utterly wrong I was in my calculations. After getting all my forty-two head of horses shod by contract, and all gear done np thoroughly, and after laying in a supply of rations, I was ready to Btart for the - station' where, we were to take delivery of the cattle. On tbe 3rd December 1875,- 1 left Wagga with a light heart and gay spirits, myself and party being all in fine health, and anxious for 'a fair wiud and no favour.' Aftet a warm band-shake, a stir rup cup,' and many well-wisheB — I carried with me their earnest hopes for a good square trip — I jumped on To my 'waggonette, gathered np tbe ribbons of my four beBt horses, and slinging a ' ball '. (5/-) to tbe groom, with a crack of the whip and in a cloud of dust I was soon lost to view, and en roate to the Bland, 120 miles off. Now, as the acceptance of my con tract had preceded me some days, work was well on the way at muster : ing, and on tbe 21st December I finally took delivery, and bad the eleven hundred and some odd bows counted over to my charge.' There remained only the delivery note, reoeipt, permit, and other documents to sign \- and witness, and this was soon done. I was now in for making a clear £500 or losing all I possessed. Bat I had big hopes bf success, and a six4o foar ohanoe of doing the_triok. Having a thorough good fellow, who was for .some years oar bead stockman, second in charge,' I had no fpars legarding tbe result of tbe droving, given a fair supply of graBS and water. All went very well till after we crossed tbe Lacblan Birer, when my first loss took place. I bad been into .the township to draw some money for the roads, and also to see the inspector of stock. Having completed my busi- '. ness, I returned to my oamp. It was jnst about dusk ; the cattle were all in camp and the night horses caught. I oalled one of tbe men to asBist.me to collect and take the other horses to a paddock I had arranged for some two miles up tbe river. Suddenly remem bering I had on my best coat, and not wishing to tear it in the dark, 1 took it off and flung it to the cook, request ing that worthy, at thesatnetime, to put it in my tent. It.sbfit'aiped in notes and'all my, papers; On my return I looked for it,- but failing in ?my search, did not bother jahy more about it, bnt went , tosleep. ; Next morning I looked everywhere for it, bat without Bacces£' The -cook on being interrogated, remarked that be ! bad forgotten .all about my instruc tionB. I then asked every man for bis own satisfaction to unroll his swag--~ whiob be did, hbthmgbeing found. Making sure the ooqk must have - collared it, I looked oarefully. through ;tbe ashes of the fire for traces, btit found none. ' I then searbhed' tbe waterbole, bat with the same result. ; I therefore conoluded tbat be took tbe money and hid it away with the. -boat and papers ; at any rate to tbisday tbe mystery-remains unsolved. Had my losses stopped at this point I oonld bave borne them cheerfully.. _ ';X!rpm that day till j^he end bf jtbe tnp Iwas ever 'in 'more or Jei» trpta|j}e. t! [The summer wm well -set; _,in^iii«f with every appearance;:;of ' k jioag drought. After we croBBed* ' 'the L&ohlan; tbe feed began to' get very soaree^ The Macquarie. .the ponntry on wbicb I bad built .iny bopes of baring a 'real good time/' VaB in terrible state ; not a Vestige of grass for miles oat from tlib river; ..The .water was also so low, iaiid tlie banks so steep, tbat the cattle oo'uld onlylai intervals get at it, and We -^ak;^II: after a long drink wopld bave'jtbV utmost difficulty in gettiug,put:ag^ ^ many in fapt'remMiilng ttere^e^ror; ; ' By tbe'!^e;w^^h^^e3^^ where jWir^iprles .were tfjra .ifow /Iron®; fainl work md so feed ; in \--fr were mere shadows, and this fact cot : me up very muoh. I -bad constantly' to leave one here and one tbere to take their ohanoe— a very poor one— but1 ; we still kept on hoping for a better ' state of grasB Country. -.- Eaoh -day ! however the sun seemed to gain' in ; intensity, and the feed lew— if sbch : were possible.' -Our - stock were now daily becoming weaker and dtopping off in ones ana twosto die. ? : I was now getting very anxious, as indeed I had good cause to. Day 'by : day (we were now fourteen weeks out) I saw oar unfortunate horses passing out of our keeping, and to Bpare them as much sb possible we walked be hind the cattle, which from sheer star vation were very quiet, and did not miud*us on foot.. We also watohed them at night in the same mannier. \- I resorted to every devioe I could think of to steal for them at night a bit of grass by going oat some distance from the frontages, and eneaking on ' to the next run to gain' a little start on the ever-vigilant stockmen and other drovers. By this time I was qaite case-hardened to managers and stockmen, and threats of summonses for breaches of tho Boad Aot. Tbey had no horses to ride for suoh a ' pur pose, and I knew it. Their horses either were not sacred to me, for at dark I would put in oiue or two -of the poor brutes for a short time. On one occasion I managed to bay twenty or thirty pumpkins from a selector, and by Jupiter, how1 the horses did wire into them. We were now out eighteen weeks and still three hundred mileB from our destination, and tbe constant nse of bad water, and often the scarcity of it, told its own tale in oar looks. Nearly all we could get was more or less green and tainted with deadstock. The water-courses of Bogan, Maoquarie, and Barwon were'at this time literally lined with dead animalB. About this time we were in great straits for water ; oar oattle and horses had not tasted a drop for two days, and we were twenty-four hours without water, and this in the middle of summer. Our feelings can be more readily imagined than described, as we were then between the Moor and the Barwon . The next morning we talked tbe matter over as to .who' should go' in search of water. We had been advised that about ten miles west bf oar camp we would find a lagoon. Tbey ought to have said a ' sepulchre.' It was finally decided that I should take tbe strongest horse and all the water-bags and go in search of the lagoon. ' I set oat on my journey fally charged with hope and confidence in my ability to find the much-heeded ' elixir of life.' What castles in tbe air I built for myself and mateB I What recol lections of bubbling brooks and flow ing rivers pasBed through my heated imagination I Onward I rode in the burning heat, anxiously looldng for tracks or traces of the stook on the ran going to the lagoon. 1 was on a 'pBd,' but there were no signs of a fresh track ; my hopes were failing fast, Mint about midday I found the spot indicated. Tbere could be no mistake ; it was the very plaoe of wbioh we bad heard. Three old ' mimics ' on the east bank, and piles of bones and carcases of dead stock soattered all aroand, bearing silent witness bb to the severity of previous droughts. . Good God l this is what met my eight— this scene destroyed the key stone bf my oastles in the air — naught but a dry, barren, and blackened lagoon, only the ghost of its former self. It was too terribly mocking to my thirsty soul. The reaction from glad anticipation to stern reality caused a terrible strain on my nerves. Constant anxiety for the welfare of those who looked to me for assistance, the knowledge that I was fast losing . my hard-earned little oapital, my favourite horses dying under iny eyes, and the evident collapse of all my hopes,, drove me almost to despair; and I leant against an old gnarled :box-tree, completely broken doirn, and I sobbed as only a man. in suoh a strait can. It did ' me good, and, I believe, saved mo a serious mental blow. After a while I braced myself to gether and determined to find water or ' perish 'in the attempt, knowing 'that to return without good news meant the utter failure of our -expedition. So I buckled , to and set ont to explore. - again. I rode about in every direction - keeping a sharp lookout for the tracks ? of animals, wbioh might lead me to the desired haven. Abont four p.m. ot tbat day I notioed a native dog iprowling about, aad, getting nearhim, be cleared. I found- he was on a ; ' pad' on which were the traoks of a few bead of oattle, fairlj fresh, and : )my epirits roBe at phoe, T. followed ; this pad' for a mile or so, when ob, the joyful sound I .',1 heard .the galajbs Vn3'cbokatooiPS6reecbm^^ I frbm paBt experience that I was near water, donsequentlyburried on as well ' as my poor tired and thiraty borse pould shuffle along— be being nearly three days without water— and I was boon at a fair-sized lagoon. The water wits not bver-tempting,' bat to tbosp ; .'circumstanced' as X wm^— .to ,eay . bothihg of my eteed-^t was indeed knoBt welcome. , I . di|d not wait to analyse it, neither did my horse, bnt Wdrank our fill and paid for it after- * . Wards. ' .. .. : After thoroughly ebakiog'tbe water bags I filled them, and kept doing eo nntil they held like a bottle ; no diffi cult matter considering the pea-soupy quality of tbe water.' ; Having fixed np everything right I. jnmped on .my horse'and prepared to' start in search of my poor mates, wbo'.by this time most ba^e nearly perished. ??} . 1 j hnrried Pn, bd -os to teach oar oamp I before nightfall. I' arrived safe and eonnd ^t the camp about 8 p.m. ! Tbo^e wbo^aye seen fowlB fed on an 'early morn, and . know , what a. ioramble ibe're is fpr the grain, can piatare tbe eagerness of the nine men ' At.;*iie''fivel''v^^-balBe'; containing .: abbuVtwelve qnarts,.tbe total'.qa'antily setMng but a taste to ' their tliiraty throats.''' iTtleinBDn^ beipgnp/ aemded -p|-; ioTthe lagbon. -'fStoitod . the oleraeri gf tit«%fc^ befoze the ? ? ? ? — ? ? ? ? - — — — now maddened cattle destroyed it, 'we quickened onr paise. - When tb£ cattle' had been driven about five mileB tbey Been ted the water and began to ehow signs~of aneaBinesB, and -to bellow as only thirsty oattle can do. I was in grave doubts as to the reBnlt of-suoh a| large mob getting to water in their; condition;1 ;'and 'thought; Of 'dividing them into small mpbs. but they soon' -settled' matters by takipg the law into, their ipwni bandB, %rf)»ther5 ?-VfMt.'.'i They' started into a 'trot; ' gradually tailing off into onfc lbng line'. ' The men were powerless to steady tbem,1 as tbeir horses were qaite done bjj. ? When they - arrived at tbe iagO'oA,. how tbey roared and splashed and' paddled the water, not 6 ^er oeiit. drinkiilg. only going all over the waterhole ia sheer -delight 6f feeling the. water aboat them. They eettled down after a while, and when tbey had sapped ap as maoh mad fes tbey wanted they camped. They remained 1 camped 'all tbe day, only going 'out towards evening to feed on the ooarse grass andlegnum tops. As regards ourselves, -we had to pat the water through quite a number of processes before we - oonld get a a decent drink. First we boiled and . Btrained it, then repeated the process, finishing up by- clearing what was left by ashes ; then after all this prepara tion 'we found, on' making the tea, that ammonia was tbe strongest in gredient in it. This, thank the fates, was our last great water trial on tbe trip. Oat of forty-two borses we had only eleven left and these were reddced to skin: and bone. The men also were very muoh out up, and thoroughly weary of the trip. We reached Brewarrina on the Barwoni and at once wired the owner bf the oattle that, asl was only just able to pay my liabilities, owing to the terrible hardships we had gone through; and no ohanoe of getting to his station owing to the want of water ; en route, I begged to be 'relieved of my contract. No oue wonld tackle the job in such a drought, so we eventually arranged tbat the owner should couat over the cattle' and consider my contraot fulfilled, and if I only stuck to them till rain came, he (the owner) Would from date bear all expenses to bay . fresh borses. After laying in a fresh supply of stores and purchasing a few freBh mounts for which we paid fabulous sums— -£16 to £25 for noddies and crooks whose chief commercial value waB fat— we were once more npbn tbo warpath. - We travelled tip the back j creeks to gain time whilst awaiting j tbe fall of raiu and-onr recall. Tare and ages, how we prayed to j be released from these oattle. Tbey haunted ns and we hunted them: I The last aot but one to this drama opened four weeks before the stook I were delivered. 'I was knocked down with measles Bnd in a rough Camp it was a nice picnic. However owing to the unbounded charity of a Bquatter and hiB family— through whose ran we were at tbe time passing, and who took me to bis bonse and had me nursed and doctored— I have been spared to write this narrative. I was not present at the final hand ing over of this sorry mob of cattle,' for while laid up they got out to the Warrego, and were all branded and on the run when I arrived there five weeks afterwards. The owner behaved most handsomely, and although I bad lost 12 per oent. and was liable to *7 per oent. of that amount at £4 per head, he considered that under the circumstances I had accomplished wonders. He also told me .-that on several stations on tbe river, where they had not moved a hoof of stook, their losses had been j more than treble what mine bad.been. j He paid me up handsomely and bought the-residne of my plant. 1 need hardly 'add ' that after a few days' rest in Bourke I did not hesitate to take the first ooaoh to Batburst aud thence to the Morrumbidgee and oivilisation, trusting and devoutly praying -tbat I might never again 'see such a fearful amount of ^suffering amongst men and stock. - ... - .. j TheresnltrifmyBix-to-fotirohanceon tbe game^was a dead loss to me— forty head of valuable horses dead, nine months'- bairdebips for nothing; and the best part or my small oapital lost for ever. The only way in which I derived any benefit ' from' the transaction was a considerable amount of 'experience', sufficient to last for ^ lifetime.' 