PAEKES AND O'FAREELL. , .. STILL CLINGING TO THE IUAMA GHOST. The Sydney TeijEgkai'h, in a review of Sir Henry Park( b'q book, advance sheets of: which were placed at the service oC the reviewer, says ?— BufcoE secret bistory there is virtually none in thiB volume. Perhaps the titno has not yet anived when ii; would be definable for Sir Henry to publish memoirs pour sorvir, but yet, without; breach of propriety, the mainsprings of much pa;t policy might bavo been reveaKd where an explicit revival i^n might be made of much that could not be published ab the time, but v/hich might surely be now given, is in connection with the O'Farrell incident. But here we seek in vain for information neb previously accessible; What is, however, of peruliar interest at this day is the knowledge that looking back in the dry, clpar luht cast by a judgment far removed from the passion and panic of the hour, Si.r Henry adheres to the opinions he formed at the time as to the criminal's guilt. Some of those who shrieked loud' st for O'Farrell'a death have long since brought their conolus ons to the modi fied point '' that O'Farrell wus the half-sane Bcion of a half- sane family.' Sir Henry, how ever, hao not varied in hie judgment. After 23 years he writes .— ' I feel bound to place on record my belief that be was perfectly sans.' And later : — ' In a book like this, whatever I miy have wished to do, I could not omit this passage in my lifo. There were two objects to be served : To vindi cate my own reputation, which I now leave with the facts aad explanations placed on record, and to give a clear and definite character to the at tempted assassination. It seems to me beyond dispute that the attempt upon the Duke of Edinburgh's life emanat d fom a plot. It is impossible that O'Farrell, a young man in tho prime oil early manhood, without any known vicious propensities, rational in all his eonduot and conversation, Bpart from this criminal act, without any indivi dual motive to c'jmmit the crime, not goaded on by cruel or desperate feeling, could have delibe rately made up bis mind alon-, unaided, and unabettud to shoot the Prince On the contrary, hia own expl motions wore rational and clear from first tolatt, if due allowance is made for the state of mind which any man would be in who had taken an oath to abide by tho lot, if it fell to him, to commit a murder. As to the existence of such plots at different times, the evidence that has existed is overwhelming. To disprove that O'Far rell was the instrument of some such plot the most tortured construction must be put upon evidence, and belief must be refused to explanation for which no other explanations cau be substituted. I do aot see.?: to connect this crime with any party or section of people ; his confederates may have been hair-brained visionaries ; but that the attempt to murder tho Duke of Edinburgh in obedience to an injunction from others, which horrified his soul but which he felt must be obeyed, is, k- my mind, abundantly clear.' Bia Bumming up of the after effects of the in cident may be also given : — ' As I have said, fcbis lamentable occurrence bad aithoroiigbly bad influence on the political life 6f the country. Crimination and recriminatioii arising out of it havo not yet lost thoir effect. In our elections thousands of vote3 have been given under the deadweight of prejudices contracted From the rancorous animosities, friends before Were never friends afterwards. The one person who Remained untouched by sinister influence and f j?ee from the ravages of distorted pisciion was the victim of the outrage, whose conduct under his suffering was in the highest oenso commendable from fiest to tast.' Sir Henry ha^ at least (remarks the Teleguaph) the courage oE hia convictions. The cognite matter of the Kiama speech, and the Macleay committee, he discusses without intemperance, but the policy or task of intruding tempestuous Carlylese with reference to the whole miserable business may be honestly questioned even by those who think as Sir Henry does. And, if ic were necessary to quote at all from the volumi nous affidavits and reports of the day, why should D. tective Wager's declaration and Captain M'Lerie's report alone be published ? Why not also the famous Benedict correspondence ? And why implicitly object to any responsibility for the Treason Felony Act ? THAT SELECT COMMITTEE. To the Daily Telegraph remarks we would add the following. It is interesting to recall the fact that the Select Committee appointad by Parliament to in quire into 'the alleged conspiracy for purposes o? treason and assassination reported to the House as follows i — ' Youv committee report that no evidence has been placed before them that the attempt to murder bis Royal Highness the Duke of Edin burgh was the result of a conspiracy or organiza tion existing either in this country, or as far as the Government had or have any knowledge, the result of any conspiracy or organization existing elsewhere.' Tho committee also reported that neither the evidence nor the affidavits produced in any way supported the Kiama gho3t statement made by Sir Henry Parke?, ' that not only was the murder of the prince planned, but that some person who was in the secret, and whose fidelity was suspected, was foully murdered before the attaok was finally made upon the Prince.' The committee, it may be explained, was com posed of the late Sir William Macleay (chair man), tho late William Forefcer, the late Sir John RobertsoD, Sir Saul Samuel, the Hon. John Stewart, the late S. C. BrowD, M.P., the Hon. Jas Hoskinp, the late Hon. Geoffrey Eagar, and Sir Henry Parkes. 