CRUMBS. All in vauity! ilul+Vd drums. Jew anarchists ! Hags half-w aet. Graves yawping. Toll lor the dead! Obit.-The Princc. King Death reignu. Xv. o Cardinals gone. No State School fees. Obit.-Tho Cardinal. i Two l'rinces laid low. Two Cardinals' hats vacant. Archbishop Reynolds has been ill. Princess Alary now ill-grief-stricken. Half-masted flags in both hemispheres. Dr. Bridgewater was very flush of oaeh. British capital seared from New Zealand. Mourning for betrothed Princess Victoria. Sailor Geordie steps into his brother's shoes. ; Firet cargo of new wheat cleared oat at the Port. Pathetic telwpframa about the Royal bereave ment. The younger brother spared; the elder taken. Enouragemcnt of sly grog-selling by Northern J P. s. Sunday beer only, to be taken when well shaken. Schoolchildren's holidays over; parents pleased. The World's Preeemeu condole with the bereaved. Young John Darling elected Director of the big mine. Mourn with the sorrow-stricken bride* expectant. David Lindsay to proceed. He wants com panions first. i America proparing for war! There are : ominous signs. , , Grief has almost demented the poor Princess Mary of Teck. The Roth family nt Redhill left unprovided for. Verb. sap. State dominies busy Monday morning with young Australia. At Millicent the Queon's health was drunk in tea and coffee. Rearrangements in Education Department amongst teachers. Another German African expedition de feated by natives. Grand Old Man shrunk 2 in. in stature; nut cracker closing up. No more money with the little ones on Monday mornings. Obit-Mr. W. Wild, an old resident of Laura and district. In the presence of a great sorrow all "isms" should be set aside. r The Jews of Russia have tho sympathy of South Australians. French actresses run in for outraging public morals on the stage. Influenza Btill rampant in England. No j respecter of persona. Our cricketers home again. Their laurels have been well won. | Dutch skipper fined £100 for smuggling j cigars in Melbourne. _ j Extraordinary number of vehicle accidents 1 in the country lately. , j Icebergs not yet melted down ; upsetting Toddlckin's forecasts. Princess Mary is of " a singularly lovnable and sweet character." J Cardinal Simeoniwasa personal friend of ] Archbishop Reynolds. t£ >£| j Mr. John Dunn intendsJ.to,worthily cele brate bis 90th birthday. The Moonta Directors resolved to meet the | miners on Tuesday next. j The' London Times is being filled with , obituary announcements. The new Agent-General takes a hopeful view of affairs. That's right. Is the Elder Exploration Party breaking down of its own weight! JCatoomba and Protector returned from their enjoyable coasting oruise. The influence of Cardinal Manning could hardly bo over-estimated. Two people died at Narrabi Hospital through eating poisoned porridge. That drunken drover nas had to pay £15 for failing to attond to his sheep. A mistake to overload an exploring party with too many Boientific men. Now then, Mr. Darling, hurry along tho solution of this water question. Mr. Barr-Smith has contributed quite a chatty article on his recent trip. " Prinoess Mary is the ideal of what a young English gentlewoman should be." Prince Albert's features were growing more aud more like those of his mother. Cordillo Downs Station is most libetal in its sup])ort of the Children's Hospital. "Their First and only Tremendous, Glori ously Attractive Australian Tour." The Peninsula capper minors are evidently getting tired of being on strike pay. There is room for an aotive police in put ting a stop to public houso gambling. That Johannesburg editor had not an envi able time for attacking tho late Prince. Official paper from the British Government departments to be bordered with black. The Agricultural Bureau will pay thoiv own expenses in the other colonies. Patriotic. Reported murder of Mr. Channing by natives not correct; only broken spear in leg. When tbn Princes woro in Adelaide . the Hon. J. h, Stirlingdrovo'them toStrathalbyn. Sir Henry Ayera knew Sir John as a little boy, and has watched his progress to middle age. Priuco Louis Bonaparte charged with de frauding his reputed wife of diamonds valued £20,000. A Prince of tho Earth and a Prineo of the Church approached together tlte Valley of the Shadow. Mr. Darling, iun., the Adelaide nominee, was elected at the Broken Hiil Proprietary meeting. From all the bothor, one would think it was the Chnrchcs and not the hotels to be closed on Sundays. For the next six weeks officers of the De fence Forces wear mourning for the Duke of Clarence. Covered by velvet or by homespun, human hearts are equally susceptible to the emotion of sorrow. When some oannot get their way they turn anarchists. What would be the development sb rulere ? Animalcutu in the water-tap. Terrible, no donbt; but there are worse things in some spirit-taps. "IU wind that blows nobody good," as Bobby says, when going into a pub on Sunday '. on dooty." Rev. w. R. Fletcher's Egyptian mummy about 2100 years old, now on exhibition in che Museum Gallery. Will the President of the Zoological Society have letters of introduction from Leo Fells to the British Lion? Tho member of Her Majesty's household who receives the'smallest salary is tho ratcatcher. He is paid £15 a year. Ernest Cavfll, the swimmer, has broken the record for 600 yards, and W. J. Gormley, the amateur, for 200 yards. Mr. Pater believes in the aphorism "Spar' tie rod and spoil the child," which, by the by, is a little bit ambiguous. " So you think he really loves yon?" "lam wire of it. _ He does nothing but quarrel vitb me every time we meet." Eleven persons killed by a steamship ex plosion on Lake Nyasaa. natives .more than ever suspicious ofsteamerB. Mr. Barr Smith, fcwho confesses to sixty eight snmmera, gives aa interesting aooount oi his trip to Mount Kosciusko. Naturalists say that " the flea uses only one eye at a time." The same remark di.es not apply to his stinging appliances. The best way of keeping on terms wtoh your neighbour is to have but one chair in tbe house, and to sit on that yourself. Good to live next door to a man with a dog, as one has all the benefit of the bark without having to buy any of his " vittels." . The Mayor was prompt in having tbe bells tolled as soon as the news of the Prince's death reached him from the Rcgitler office. The horses of the Upper Murray, says Mr. Barr Smith, are exceptionally good, and tbe young fellows are very danng riders. It was we'll said that walls have ears, judg ing by the noises at nights at the windows, doors, on the roof, and under the bed. The advantages attending an older civiliza t on are more than counterbalanced by an ever increasing disaffection and discontent. The gentleman who calls himself " Doctor" Bridgewater is again in trouble. This time he is playing hide and seek with the police. Premier Playford should sign a guarantee before he leaves for India that he will resist all temptations to become an Indian nabob. The Democratic Club passed a motion of condolence with Cardinal Manning's friends, but said nothing about the Royal mourners. lJoor persons have this pull over the rich ones that they will not have to account for the application of means they were not possessed of. A weather prophet writes to tell the Crumb man that heavy rain is about to fall. Crumb man must wire Rainmaker Caldwell accord ingly Gladstone, the old octogenarian, who con gratulated young Albert Victor so cordially upon hiB majority, lives; the yonng man has gone. Tho indifference with which public calaaa tioaareregardid shows that the "unrest"is that of a seared public conscience, we are in formed. Tho coal at Coffin's Bay is but an appari tion. Such u, funereally-named plaoe as that should produce some fuel-say for crematory purposes. A Hindoo girl, Cornelia Sorabii, is a student of the Oxford University. She is a oon spicuoua figure by reason of tho native dress suo wears. " When I come baclc," said Sir John Bray. Will that bo after his election to the House of Commons, or will he come back for the Federal Parliament? There is at least an inappropriatenessin in vesting people with broadcloth who are con tinually lifting up a leg to strike matches on their breeks. Instead of a spoon soma must have been born with a knife in their mouths, judging by tbe dexterity it is worked in and out of the orifice without hurt. Northern Territory Land Company does not mind who buys their property-Baron Hirsch for his Jews, or General Booth for his social failures. Saturday was a day of disaster. A yachts man drowned, a baseballer seriously injured, two fatalities at Port I'irie, and several m tbe other colonies. 1 "Colonial commissions for the Imperial Army." Now's the time for young tire- eaters to cultivate their moustaches and to practise a military stride. If you call on the Viceroy of, China bis first question will startle you. He will ask yon if you axe married, and if so, do you live happily with your wife. The dunce's cap abolished in Victoria. Tbe Crumbinan would have been saved a lot of juvenile swearing if he bad been in Victoria in bis Echooldays. The time when people will not be able to tell right from wrong, nor to discern truth from error, seems to be hastening its strides into tbe existing present. A thirsty drinker not a bona-fide traveller. Time, Sunday. Flaco, . "They talk of canonizing Magarey. Well, I should like to cannonade him." The Parisians arc storing large quantities of frozen meat. Frozen meat ought to be eood diet for the peppery French. Better than German sausages. The lleichstaff endeavouring to restrict German emigration. Instead of doing this, why don't they apply for some of Hirech's or Booth's proteges V It ought to be a sign of something that while people will accept without question anything chat is palatable, they will not even reason as to aught that isn't. Tho Baptists, American Lutherans, aud Anglicans are embarrassed by the success of their missions among the Telagus, in tbe Madras Presidency. Elder Rothschild would never take an un lucky place of business. His chancer here would be restricted, unless he went in for a pub or a coffee-stall. . " The Prince's fiance-tho Princess Mary of Took, to whom he was to have been married next month-appears to. bo terribly distressed and quite heart-broken." A Frenoh engineer has asked permission to blow up the famous rocks known as tbe " Iron Gates" of tho Dunub with a new explosive be has invented called fortis. Brass, with assertiveneas as a gilding, can. give honesty and merit about the same handi cap as a blue ribbon man can an ordinary bibblcr in drinking whisky. While there be authority giving man dominion over all in ani upon the earth, there is a concensus of nothingness giving us other than the use of that over us. The vanity attendant on the admission of a piano may be noted by the doors and win dows being opened, and a lady sitting between two halves of a tallow candle. Tho dunce's cap, having been abolished in the Viotorian State schools, now requires another engagement Well, there's a vacancy in certain colonial Parliaments. Tho Commissioners of Audit have pub lished a pamphlet on South Australia, some particulars of its development and financial position. Useful for the new .V.G. One who-krows his way about intends to have a seat at North-terrace, to bowd at the Hospital, to Bleep at the Destitute, and u«q his pass Sundays hunting ui> free drinks. Two hundred thousand bottles of Bencdic iure brandy destroyed by fire at the French Abbey. Tho Crumbinan would like to see Dr. Magarey's face as he reads that item. Scotch booksellers reported that Caaon Driver's new critical work-*' An Introduction to the Literature of the Old Testanjpnt-'5-had secured a sale second only to tbe novels/the season. The selfishness of workers could hardly be more clearly illustrated than in pointing out while they will unite to keep up. wages, they by protective duties try to keep each other out [ of work. ,.T-'heye are now twenty-one lawlirriis iuthe . y nljwidx^owjfibaea of litisbiuils and ?wives, and tnereare SDOvAmerican ladies who . practise £aw ftp. Courts or manage' Ifega1 publications. *, " " THe beBt'deEjgitiohof a baby. ALondon liaper^oflt^ed 'ff^iO) guineas for this. Here is the jwjpnltig defimtion-<rA tiny feather from the wing oflo ve dropped into the sacred lap of motharfiood.'" '; , '' .' " . 1 ";The inofch$" pf, the dead Prince (H.R.H. the Princess £>f .W^e8),,iiyhd had' been soli citously watxiuiig throughout at toe deathbed of her son/whom 'she tenderly and devotedly nursed,' is overwhelmed with grief on account of his death."".' Every. movement which has for its end the monopoly of that which is the sacred right of each individual, should ensure the most strenuous opposition of every right-minded man and woman. In JDngland a scientific man is learning the language of the monkeys, and proposes to compile a monkey vocabulary. More compe tition for members of Parliament and more trouble for reporters. Perhaps of the vices to which flesh is heir, none is more calculated to develop the worst characteristics of human nature than that of gambling, which with U6 threatens soon to be come a national calamity. "The Princess Mary of Teck, the dead Prince's fiance-, appears to be inconsolable on account of his death. She wanders listlessly about from room to room in the palace, and declines to take any food." " Now that Church servioes begin at 7, Mary should have her coming-home tune extended, so that she may stay till the sermon is finished." That is a plaintive plea from a dis . interested young gentleman. Miss Phoebe Couzins was the first woman admitted to the Washington University at St. Louis, and she has now practised with her father for twenty years. Several women make large incomes by the law in America. '"Could you not keep from the drink if you triedV" "No, I tried very hard. However, I joined theSalvation Army, and God Almighty gave me the power to knock it off, so I uave not touched a drop for eight years." It has been pumicly revealed that in the factories' of Sydney men, women, and small children work sixty hours a week, and very often seventy hours with a penny an hour overtime for their labour above the sixty hours. ? . "Whenquestioned they declared in favour of Sunday-closing, and their reply to circulars on the question was to the same effect, and most, it not all, of those circulars were con sidered by the Executive of the Labour party before replies were given." 'Tor years past, the Jews of Russia have been subjeoted toall possible forms of religious persecutum. -During the past eighteen months these have culminated to such a point that the Israelites of the vast Empire have found life Almost impossible." ' > Li Hung Chang was "anxious to have the ppwer of the Xiondon Times defined in penny weights and scruples." Now, says a con temporary, , if oertain Melbourne {tapers had their, power-defined according to their scruples, what wpuld it be ? Three colossal statues of rose granite have latelybean found near Aboukir. Twoofthesere preeent, in,-ORe group, Barneses II. and Queen Hentmara feaMed upon the same throne, and these are oonsiaered to be among the most unique ofjEgy btian statues. If Broke® Hill lastyearproduced 15,000,000 oz. of elites; worth say £24500,000, it yielded more wealth than the whole gold production of (ViotbrOO.-whioh was 577,629 oz., worth <£2j30(li000;.7 What profit was made on the * most of iiaising:the silver and the gold respec tively ? ?= Thati Aifaeridan ladies are by no means in different to the oharms of . a good complexion ia -pAVed ;t>yj the fact that $62,000,000 are . annually spent in the United States alone upon ,couddtics.' ''Mutton fat enters largely into the \- composition ofsome of the most high-priced of thesearticles. i Mr. Ooghlan, the New South Wales Statist, says ^369 of his book) that the Silverton Hallway Line since its opening on January'3, 1888,' has paid dividends amounting to 50 per ? cent, of the subscribed capital. The cost of the line, which is 35 miles long, was £227,055. '.IVhen'can the latest balance-sheet be seen? A months imprisonment for swearing at a woman. Yet Christie Murray talks about the extraordinary amount of hard swearing to the .square mile in Australia. The Sepister cable announcing the death of Prince Albert left London at 10.15 a.m., and reached this office at 9.10 p.m., thus taking an hour and forty minutes in transmission. Con sequently the intelligence reached us consider ably less than three hours after the Prince breathed his last. In Winston County, Ala., they turned a most excellent man out of the Church beoause after a visit to Huntsville he reported that the people there were making ice in August by steam. The old fellow stuck to it, for he had seen it, and they at onoe put him out of the Church as an unconscionable liar. " That England should in one day lose by death a Koyal Prince, who it was expected would one day occupy the Throne of the Empire, and a venerable Prelate, who had passed his fourscore years, is an event which cannot but awaken profound reflection in the minds even of the most thoughtless. The honours of the entrance examination of the University of London were reoently car ried off over 1,600 men students by a voung. Scotch girl, Charlotte Higgins. Her father died when she was but eight years old, and it is through the efforts of her mother that she has been able at twenty to attain to her pre sent high position as a student. This is how an American editor announces that he hits become a delighted father: - " The angel of dawn laid at the threshold of editor P. A.- Barrett this morning a rosebud culled .from -the 'garden of the gods, as a reward for the energy and enterprise which have given Sranton a'first-class daily. Mother and childare doing well." Twenty-second South 'Australian Ministry, from May 30, 1870,-to November 10,1871 : W. tMilne, M.L.C., Chief Secretary; R. C. Baker, MP., sueoeeded by C.. Mann, MP;, Attorney-General; J. Hart, C.M.G., MP., Treasurer and Premier; A. Blyth, M.P., Commissioner of. Crown Lands; J. Carr, M.P., Commissioner of Public Works. Only three of these are living. \- The London Daily Telegraph thus sums up a ongcorrespondence on the.'.' slavery of drink '. Briefly,:alcohol is a poison; and much, if not most, of the fiery filth- bought by the poor in casual public-houses is more than this; it is a ' poisoned poison,' as Lord Tennyson has styled it: it is a deadly drug,drugged into more fatal misohief by fusel oils, ooooulus indicus, and all sorts of vil© and stinging shame.' Ah Chun, Luk Day, Ah Chin, Wong Yee, Jimmy Quan, Ah Book, Ah Iieoiig, Pi© won©, Ah Man, Chou Hing, Fang Leong, Wing Shing, Aw Dew, Ah Tung, Kong Yee, Ah Chung, Ah Tim, Ah Fooh, Kong Gaa» Ah Fann, Chap Yee, Chung Gaa, Wah Hing, Pang Kee. These are the names of the Chinese charged with fan-tanplaying. Lots oE .. W\" about tho list. There were more " AhV when they were caught. Leaves have their time to fall, ibid flowers to ?oiUier at tho north wind's broatli. And stars to set; but all- . 'J hon hast all seasons for thine own, O! death. A lady entered a drapery establishment in KUmarnoek and requested to be shown some white eatm. Attendant, anxious to be over polite, butnot knowing ha customer, replied toherqueries, " Yes, Madam,""no, madam," wnen lo, to the young man's surprise, she said, c.ii0 ^?,u k?°,|r whom you are addressing ?" No}> Map.'' "Well! I am Lady Cuning A Indfed' My Lady-yes ; but there's ? your nose." Collapse of young BaphelorVfaiH for his own and his best girl's mani≥ outfit according to present prices Geoige' Augustus's-Hasher suit, <5s. lOd.; shirt, Is. 3d.; collar and tie, 2id.; hat, Is.: Books, 3id;; handky, 3d.; boots, 3a. lid.; cane, oa.^total, 14s. 3d. Julia's-Hatand trimmings, 3d.; skirt, 2s. 6d.; under do.. Is. 6d,; corset, Is.; blouse, Cd.; combinations, 3s. 5d.; hose, 4d.; gloves, 6d.; sunshade, Is. 6d.; handky, 3d.; shoes, 2s. 6d.; total, 14s. 3d. The Egyptian Budget for 1892 shows the revenue to be £9,950,000 and the expenditure £9,400,000, leaving a surplus of £550,000. The total reduction of taxation in the three years 1880, 1891, and 1892 will amount to about £000,000. Of the surplus the Govern ment has the free disposal of only £23,000, because £315,000, being savings from the conversion of the debt, is locked up until the sanction of the Powers has been obtained for utilising it, and £212,000 is going to the eserve or sinking fund. One of the best stories told of Lord Lytton refers to the^ maidservants whom he kissed. Buried one day in a dream he entered his carriage with Lady Lytten, when she asked, JJo you know what you did when we came a I ho?e not tte slightest idea," said the Ambassador, when Lady continued You kissed all the maidservants."- The as tonishing assertion made no impression upon Hie absent-minded diplomatist for some while but at last he answered-"Let us hope that there w;ere fome pretty ones amongst them." Out of 70,000 British troops in India 18 000 are teetotallers, Sir Frederick Roberts him "for every 5/100 teetotallers enrolled, toe strength of the British Army is practically increased by another battalion." t a n/SJ tles,ln Jodia make an annual grant of 8,000 rupees for temperance work, and civ© the use of a room in every corps for meetings, as well as allowing refreshment bars to be opened, the profits of which go to temperance work, so that the men are encouraged in everv way to remain true to their pledge. l)r. Mortimer Granville, who lias been writing to the Times against the total ab stainers, says in his last letter to that paper, "I do not believe there is one thoroughly out spoken and honest-I mean perfectly canaid -dealer in the whole liquor trade, to whose statement of supposed fact, as regards the real nature of the liquor supplied by him, I would attach real authority. The majority of dealers in liquors know nothing whatsoever about the article in which they deal, and are, therefore, dependent on the manufacturers, whose products they vend ; while the minority who do know something will not make the facts public." I Preliminary to an amusing pulpit anecdote! which is well vouohed for, a writer ia a New l Jfork weekly .reminds his readers that there has comei about recently a revival of interest in cricket- playing. "At any rate," says he. ? ? ?°iW .beinS Played by many well established clubs in the vicinity of New York, and these clubs count among their members many clergymen of English birth, who are among the best and most enthusiastic of players. It was one of these who, the other : Sunday, following a Saturday when he had Been one of the victors in a hard-fbughfi match, delighted his congregation by gravely announcing from the sacred desk, 'And here endeth the first innings.'" ti-flS. th® Bet.-Author {timidly)-" I see that the price paid for Tennyson's Jubilee i Ode was teh dollars a line. I don't expect, of course, that this little effort of mine TiJ. ^ Editor (sarcastically)-" Oh, you You axe too modest, sir." Author .But; if you will kindly insert it in to-morrow morning s paper III willingly pay you the regular advertising rate of fifty cents per Heres the money -ton dollars." Editor (with deep feeling)-" My dear sir, on looking over the poem I find it full of merit. Ill take it." The author, having a bet of fifty dollars with tbe rival publisher around tbe corner that his poem would be accepted, walked out of the office forty dollars ahsad. According to a New Zealand writer, gene rally trustworthy, a painful experience recently befell the Rev. Hugh Price Hughes, who came out to establish a nodding acquaintance with the colonies a few months ago; The rev. gen tleman was a little jealous of his academical degree, M.A., and those who arranged his itinerary were equally so; therefore the letters invariably figured after his narae in all an nouncements. It was awkward, however, when the deacon of an obscure congregation r0??(rt ' r,e*dm?trom « written, notice, said : \- lhe pulpit of this church will be occupied 2? °un.d¥£ °est by the Rev. Hugh Price Hughes si da. " And," continuedthe officer, looking cheerfully around him, "we "have no doubt that the old lady will give us a very tellingdiscourse." a 'ot funny things that venerable old. Bage whom blind prejudice has nicknamed Superstition has taught his confid ing pupils respecting marriage. Here are a few specimens. In the Middle Ages the sneezing of a cat on the eve of a marriage was considered a good omen. In Russia the bride must avoid eating the wedding cake on the eve of the ceremony, or she will lose tL 77?', love- In the Highlands ot Scotland the bridegroom's left shoe must be without buckle or lachet to preserve him from the, influent® of witches. In modem .Greece thb- groom h shaved by a young Tq,n whose Parents are both living, while the young men and maidens sing "Razor, silvered and gilt shave tenderly the young man's cheeks, don't tW^Hm ugiy1"3t tbe parents of ^ bride long long ago, when Henry I.. T ,? VWilliam the Conqueror, sat upon tbe English throne, any man who fe&d; a shilline could parch&se; with it enough wheat tosuonlv: food to 100. men for one day; or, if he was a taniiverms animal, his shilling would nur ohase three fat sheep. In the reign of our only John, the price of red wine was raised to sixpence per quart. That was in the year 1200, and two years later it was ordained that when wheat r°BP to 6g, per quarter the farthing loaf of white bread -should weigh 1C oe., and the i bfead 24 oz.; but when the price of J"?eat fell to la. 6d., per quarter of eight bus hels the farthing white loaf was to weigh 64 oz., and the farthing-brown loaf 9G oz. A100 years later the Common,Council of London fixed the pnee. of twopulletaat lid., a fat lamb at 6d. from Christmas to Shrovetide, and at 4d. the rest of the year. And in 1313, Par liament fixed the price of a fat ox at £2 Ss. a shorn sheep at 5s., two dozen eggs 3d., and other human provender at corresponding prices, l ax. 1 8 Fax.-Did you ever in all your borndaya see a real live giaut? Such men of might might not liavo crosBed your path, thongh tliey have occasionally trod the earth like a Colossus. Here are three splendid specimens of the animal recorded by three good authorities as having lived in three different countries, and in three different ages. 1. Pliny says:-" The tallest man that hath been seen in our age was one named Gabard, who, in the days of Claudius, the late Emperor, was brought out of Arabia. He was 9 ft. 0 in. high !" 2. Zuin^lius writes:-" The Emperor Maximus was Si.ft. in height; he ivas also of great bulk, and used the bracelet of his wife as a ring for his thumb, and his shoe was longer by a foot than that of an ordinary man." 3. Dr. Plattrelates of John Middleton, commonly called "the Child of Hate," that his hand from the carpys to the end of the middle finger was 17 in., his palm Si in., and his height 9 ft. 3 in., wanting but G in. of that of Goliath. FAS.-This is what the Boston Jcntrnal has to say about Australia:-"Its animals per petuate types which disappeared from every other part of the globe some millions of years ago. Its trees and plants are representative of species found elsewhere only in chalk and coal measures. Hardly anything here has the character and quality of its relations in other lands. Although the trees and flowers are chiefly those of the temperate zone, the birds are, for the most part, of the tropica, and flash the gorgeous colours of the parrot and the eockatoo through the dull foliage of the sad-toned eucalyptus. The birds have no song, and such notes as they possess seem like weird echoes from a period when reptiles were assuming wings and filling the tree-tops with a stratige jargon, before heard only in the swamps and fens. The flowers have no scent, and the trees cast no shade, since every leaf is set at edge against the sun, and shed, not not their leaves but their bark, which, strip ping off in long scaleB, expose the naked wood beneath." Peer Australia. FAX.-You know that Solon was one of the seven wise men of Greece; but you may not know that according to Herodotus he was the originator of the practiee of pronouncing funeral orations, B.C. 580. But what funny customs have since then connected themselves with funeral obsequies. We are told that among the ancient Komaas processions and the mortal combats of gladiatons took place around the funeral pile. The Moham medans always bury without a coffin. The Russians, a thousand years ago, placed a certificate of character in the hand of the dead to be given to St Peter at the gate of Paradise; just as if the apostle had learned to read the Kussian language.' When a child dies in Greenland the natives bury a living dog with it, to guide the child- to the other world. The music at Irish wakes was origin ally intended to drive away evil spirits. (Uow a boat the whiBky ") But what shall we say of. the following statement of a modern scribe ?: "The natives of Australia tie the bands of the corpse and pull out the finger nails for fear that the dead'will scratch their way out of the grave and become vampires V FAX.-You may have found in many a social party daring the late festive season, and you may have enjoyed many a game of for feits- with your beet, parlour young friends.. But I guess you have not had a chance of joining in the very amusing game of "The. Four Elements." Now this is how it is described by Don LemonThe. party being seated in a circle, the player; who has been selected to. beffin- the.' game takes a, knotted handkerchief and- , throws it suddenly into another's Ian calling , i out at.thesame time either," Earth 1 " Air 1 I "Fire!" or '.' Water!" If "Earth"be called out ,the player into Whose lap the handkerchief has fallen must .name some, quadruped "before' the other can count ten; if Water," he must name a fish ; if "Air,"a bird,; and if. ''Fire" he must remain silent.. Should the .player name a wrong animal, or speak when he ought . to be silent, he must pay .a forfeit and take a turn atthrowing the handkerchief, but should, he perform his task properly he must throw the handkerchief back to the first player. The absurd errors into which the players "fall when called upon to name a particular kind of animal are very amusing. FAX.-My dear Sir, believe me the ancients were not such ignorant barbarians as you may suppose. Look, for example, at the Pyramids of Egypt and the vast rains of Caraao, or read what Herodotus or Xenophon say of the stu" pendous buildings of ancient Babylon. They tell us that it was divided into two parts by tl;o Euphrates. Both these divi sions were surrounded by one wall sixty miles long, eighty- seven feet broad, and three hundred feetinheight. Theentrances to thecLty were by a hundred gates of immense size made of solid brass. Then there were the famous hanging gardens, consisting of large terraces raised one above another till they equalled in | height the city walls, with a forest of tree planted on the top. As for the Temple of Belus, it occupied an area nearly equal to that of South Adelaide, and in the middle of this temple stood an enormous tower, six hundred feet high, upon the summit of which was a golden image forty feet in height and valued at £3,500.000! Such was " Babylon the Great, FAX.-What funny names those cow-hiding proprietors of the Far West, five hundred miles beyond sunset, give to their newspapers. Here's a list. " List, list; O list" 'The Kansas Prairie - Bog, Oheyenne County | Rustler, Clark County Clipper, The Brick, The Eye, The Broad Axe, Grip, Locomotive, I Kansas Cowboy, The Ryansville, Boomer, Hill City Lively Times, Western Cyclone, Conductor, Punch, Cunaron - Herald and Kansas Sod House, The Montezuma Chief, Mountain Mouser, Ensign Razzoop, Border! Ruffian, the Jayhawker and Palla dium, Santa Fe Traill, Comanche Chief and Kiowd Chief, Daily Infant Wonder, The Scout, Alligator, Gopher, Wiona, The Hatchet, The Fanatic, The Comet, The Boomerang, The Constitutional Spur, The Hornet, The Wasp, The Pepper Box, Astonisher and Para lyser, Inkslinkers' Advertiser, Grisby City Scorcher, Sunday 'Growler, Prairie Owl, Springfield Soap Box, The Whim Wham, The Bazoo, Thomas County Cat and Grit! O, Snakes and Blunderbusses, what a list! OBITS.-According to the best authorities, it was on January 13, in the year of grace 857, that Ethelwulf, King of England, and the father of four other Kings, died. He married the daughter of his Cupbearer. She was a very clever woman of the Cedric race, and went in for "woman's rights," property Br. though during bis reign the Danes made re peated invasions, Ethelwulf, who was a lover of peace and concord, made a pilgrimage to Rome two years before his death, accom panied by Swithin, Bishop of Salisbury. Now William of Malmesbury gave this selfsame St. Swithin the following certificate of character: -"He was a rich treasure of all virtues; those in which he took most delight were hutnility and charity to the poor." Well, you have heard of the legend about St. Sxithin s Day (July 15) as expressed in the couplet St. Switiiin's Day, if tliou dost rain, For forty days it will remain. But do you know the origin of this tradition V No? Well, then I'll tell you. A century after the good old Bishop's death an attempt was made to remove his remains to Winchester Cathedral, which was delayed forty days by heavy rains. Obctb.-The ajsassinition of Servius Sul picius Galba, Emperor of Rome, is reported to have taken place Jail uary 15, a. i >. (i!). "Uneasy reste the head that wears a crown." Most of the twelve Ctesars found that out. This said Galba gave an illustration of another aphor ism, viz.:-"'Clothe a man in the robe of irresponsible power, [and you will see him in his true colours." He was ambitious in his youth, popular in his manhood, and a tyrant in BIB old age. He was Bucr i cessively Pnetor, ProoonBul of Africa, and General of the Roman armies in Germany and .Spain. Then his popularity and his avowed hatred of Nero aroused the suspicions of that jealous tyrant, who issued thedecrpe "off with his head." But Galba .gave the executioner the elip, the army declaxed for him, and Nero, seeing which way the wind blew, resolved upon blowing.out his own brains. But, not-having a pistol handy, at his. own request he was sent ."howling to his coda'' by one of his body gnards. Then Galba donned the imperial parole, sod having refused to reward his soil ters according to promise, all his assumed virtues disappeared, till at the age of seventy two he also was disposed of in the usual way. OBITS.-Ninety-one years ago yesterday that famous Irish physician and diplomatist, Sir George Leonard Staunton, gave op the ghost at the age of sixty-four. Now just listen to what our biographical Crumbman says about him. He studied medicine at Montpelleir, and then settled in London, till in 1762 he went to 0 ranada, whore he first practised as a Governor of the island, then studied the law, then was Appointed Attorney- General, pud than, When tbeirenchcapturod the island, SirGeorgo was captured also, and was sent as a prisoner to France. After that, when Lord Macartney was appointed Governor of Madras, lie accom panied him as confidential Secretary, and having displayed great abilities -in the treaty with Tippoo Sultan, he returned again to Eng land, received a pension from the East India Company, and was made a Baronet. Then in 1792, when Lord Macartney went to China as an ambassador, Sir George accompanied him as Secretary of legation, and of this mission and of the Empire and people of China he Published a most interesting account in two uge quarto volumes. He died in London. OBITS.-If you are a reader of Shakspoara you may remember who it was that uttered that deep lament " Would I bad never trod this English earth, Or felt the flatteries that grow upon it! Ye have angel's faces, but lwaveh knows your lieartB." Yes, that's what Queen Katherine says to Cardinal Wolsey when he tries his level best to persuade hier to bow obsequiously to the King's will. Well, it was on January 6, 1536, that this much injured lady ceased from troubling" friends and11 foes with the recital of her woes. At the afce bf 1C she was married to Arthur, Prince of Wales, son of Henry VII. of England, younger than herself. But he, poor little boy, died the nbxfc year, leaving her alone a lone widow of 17. Then, eight yean later, she married her de ceased husband's brother, Henry YIIL, and thus became "Queenof these realms." And we are told that the royal pair lived happily together for eighteen years, when' the attrac tions of Anne Boleyn alienated the affeotiona of. the King from the injured Katharine, and led him all at once to discover that " it was not lawful for him to have her." Ton know the rest. OBITS.-In the sixteenth century there was a man living in Spain rejoicing in the tuune at Diego Hurlado Don Mendoza. Men doze a good deal nowadays, but Don Mendoza didn't doze a bit. H was active all his life. He studied at Salamanca, and distinguished hun self as a soldier, diplomatist, statesman, geo grapher, historian, and poet, all rolled into one. Charles V. entrusted him with several important missions, especially^ to Venice, the Council of Trent, and to the Papal Court. During six years he held 'the military command of Tuscany. He made a rare collection of Greek and Arabic manu scripts, and used all the resources of his wealth anil authority in the advancement of learning. But-every man, it is said, has his " but." Bub he fell into disgrace, " all owing to the girls," and was banished from the Spanish' Court. He then wrote his " War Against the Moors," and, having collected 400 additional manu scripts, he paid the debt of nature January 11, 1575\. agud 72. 