Sporting Gossip. [By the Vaqraht.] It is probable that the vexations disagreement which has arisen between the proprietors of the Rutherford racecourse and the lessees, the Northern Jockey Club, will be carried on to some sort of a settlement this afternoon, when two representatives of the owners of the property and two members of the C'tnb's committee may meet and discuss the question amicably on its merits. Briefly put, the case is this : the proprietors of the Rutherford property, as agents, held out a promise to the club that, at the expiration of its first lease, there would be little trouble in obtaining a renewal upon fairly liberal terms. The agents, augmented by another party, have since become the purchasers of the land; and upon being approached for a fulfilment of their promise, said decidedly that they would not lease, but would sell at about £2,000-a price which most uninterested people thought excessive, ' unfair, and exorbitant, considering that all the im- provements the Club had effected were included in the price. The members of the committee naturally could not see the force of re-purchasing timber, iron, etc., they had already paid fcr. Then some of them began to cast longing glances at their old convincing-ground, which they should havo never let slip through their fingers - tue Maitland Park. And preliminary steps have shown that it is almost certain the club would be granted it cn certain days for racing purposes, for really there is no tenable reason why they should not. The great benefit which would accrue to the town by having a racecourse in its centre, visitors to which would patronise business people, is too plain to escape even the notice of the most dull, and I do not think the proprietors of Rutherford can be placed in that category. Anyhow if the projected conference takes place the subject should be well threshed out, but I would ad vise the representatives of the N. J. 0. to stick out for the best bargain possible, for they would lose but little in the long run if they lost their present course. I have to acknowledge the receipt of J. J. Miller's winter edition of the Sporting 'Pamphlet and Official Trotting Record, a publication of which I have had several times before occasion to speak in high praise. It contains nominations for coming events, the performances of horses engaged in the Mel- bourne and Caulfield Cups, tables of winners of big events, records, rules, etc., which are always of use to sportsmen, but I am sorry that more care waB not taken in its compilation. For instance, in referring to the Adelaide horse Handover the book states that he ran second to Ptolemy in a Ladies' Bracelet at Patrick's Plains, whereas he never started at Singleton, and the animal alluded to is the chestnut Handover, son of Sunlight and Express, but this error is perhaps pardonable whilst the system exists of naming one horse the same as another. Anyhow, Mr. Miller's pamphlet is well worth the shilling charged for it. Lovers of a good horse will doubtless be glad to learn that my old friend Melos is once more in steady work at Randwick. The son of Goldsbrough and Melody has been fired, and Raynor hopes to get another race out of him, but he coulc not be forward enough for either Cups, although he has been nominated for the Champion Stakes, which will not be run for until March 9 next. A report from Melbourne states that Tiraillerie has broken down so seriously that it is doubtful whether the filly will ever again carry silk. The daughter of Nordenfeldt and Florence M'Carthy has been a very fair performer, amongst her wins being the V. R. C. Oaks. , In looking over the list of Caulfied Cup candi-1 dates for a probable winner, I dropped across some performances that are surely worth recording They are those of the brown horse Mortlake, a son of Riehmond and Norma, who is handicapped at 7st 61b. Mortlake has started in no fewer than nine Trial Stakes, in five of which he was first, was once second, and three times third. It is seldom that an owner shows such partiality for one kind of event as does Mr. C. Elliott, the owner of Mortlake, Very little interest is manifested in the jumping meeting which is set down to commence at Flem- ington to-day, that is very little local interest, for I seldom hear the the gathering referred to. Any- how for those who may feel some curiosity as to the results, I may say that Mikado II. should just about secure the Maiden Hurdle Race, from what will probably be a rather weak field, as I expect that Lyndhurst, Havilah, and one or two others engaged will be kept for a trial later on in the afternoon. Ringmaster's brother Ducrow is thought to be a regular bottler by many clever Victorians, and if he be b.9 should land the Two-year-old Handicap, although The Shrew may ask him to gallop his best. The Maiden Steeplechase is just a bit be- yond my ken, but Belle Swiveller may do very well. Then follows the Grand National Hurdle Race, the big event of the day, and backers will doubtless find in it an extraordinary puzzle. Fit and well as I have known him I think Friction would prove a very fair thiag, and he is said to be shaping very well in his work juBt now. It will be remembered that the big Queenslander has just energed from a long rest owing to-a disqualification, and I cannot be far out when I select him and his fellow countryman Lyndhurst and the Sydney horse Satyr to fill the places. Still one of the ex-fiat racers such as Norbert, The Pioneer, or The Tyler, if he has mastered the mysteries of jumping, may prove a soft snap, as there are no hurdle racers like the real thoroughbred when thoroughly schooled. I see nothing in the Winter Handicap to beat our old acquaintance the unfor- tunate Jack, or Millgrove. Just previous to Jackson meeting Goddard in their memorable eight rounds go in Melbourne, I created some mirth in the minds of admirers of the noble art by saying that I doubted that Jackson would succeed in his task, as it was very probable that the Barrier man was the superior of the great majority of American pugilists, and I named Kilrain and one or two others to give my words weight. The majority of people at that time regarded Goddard simply as a big, hardy, rough ruBher who would fall an easy pray to a clever boxer, but he has caused them to alter that idea in double-quick time, and it would now be a liberal shade of odds on the Australian if he met Kilrain. His victory over Joe M'Auliffe at San Francisco last month was expected and foretold by me, and I fancy he will get away with several other cracks before he meets his master. The result of Goddard's battle with the other big Joe should be enough to show the fallacy of trying to select the winner of prize fights by comparing the number of roundß in which any two men in separate battles downs another man : thus, it took Jaokson twenty four rounds tostop M'Auliffe; Slavinbeathim in two, Goddard put him to sleep in fifteen. On paper it would seem the most certain thing in the world, judging by this, that Slavin, Goddard, and Jackson ranked pugilistically as written, did we not know that Jackson is better than Slavin, whilst the place of the other two is not known until they meet, and when they do it will be a terrible struggle. Slavin and Goddard doubtless can beat all the men that Peter can do, and do it in shorter order, but / they take more risk in the work, and it will not be done in such thorough fashion when the contract is over. It is the general opinion among sportsmen that it would be a graceful act if the A.J.C. or one of the other metropolitan clubs got up a day's racing as a benefit to Mr. Wicks, the unfortunate young amateur who lost Mb leg by an accident when riding Singleton in a recent steeplechase run at Randwick. Mr. Wicks is said to be a gentleman from bis heel to his head, and as he is not endowed ' with too much wealth the benefit would be very welcome to him in his trouble. The report that old Darriwell was recently sold in Queensland for £4,10s is now denied. Let me put gentlemen in the Northern district who go racing up to a thing or two. Last Beason the Northern Jockey Club's subscription was only one guinea, and as no fewer than seven meetings were held at Butherford in the twelve months, members saw the gather- ings for £2 9s less than the regular attend- ant who was not a member and who patronised the Btand, or in other words members got into the enclo- sure for three shilling? whereas it coït others ten shillings. Members, too, have the privilege of in- troducing two ladies free oE co3t,.and if my readers do not take advantage of theHe liberal terms now that subscriptions are just due, they do not know enough to come in out of the rain. I learn that the Gunnedah horse Grampian, who was much injured at a late Narrabri race meeting, is now all right again, and the son of Cheviot will speedily resume training operations. It is strange what fatality attends the efforts of mares to win the Melbourne Cup ? Since the foundation of the race thirty-one years ago, Briseis is the only one of the gentle sex that has success- fully passed through the ordeal which brought her dam Musidora to grief thirteen years previously. Briseis was undoubtedly a great filly, for the Derby also f dil to her lot, but the fact of another mare, Sybil, filling second place and a notorious nonfstayer like Timothy being third detracts greatly from the victory of the daughter of Tim Whiffler. Since that date Grace Darling was the only mare to make a bold bid for the big event-indeed the only one to get a place,-but she had rather bad luck in being defeated by Sheet Anchor, although the daughter of The Diver and Zoe was a remarkably good animal. In the Caulfield Cup mares have been little more fortunate, for twelve of the four- teen races that have been recorded have been won by horses or geldings, Blink Bonny and Grace Darling being the only two mares enrolled on the list of winners. Of course all those circumstances do not go to prove that a mare cannot win one of the Cups, for generally the average of the weaker sex is small, and if one is good enough and can be gotin light enough she will win as certainly and com- fortably as Carbine, but of the half score mares and fillies nominated in the Mulbourne Cup this season it strikes me forcibly that none but La Tosca has even the ghost of a chance of scoring, and her claims on the great handicap is very small with 8st. 121b. in the saddle. I like her chance exceed- ingly though in the Caulfield Cup when asked to carry 3lb. less, or exactly her weight-for- age, for it must not be forgotten that the daughter of Bobinson Crusoe ran second in the Geelong Cup with 7st. 131b in the saddle in 3 min. 1h sees., was third in the Leger to Strathmore and Oxide, was second in the Placed Handicap in 2 min. 36} sees., beat Stromboli and Sunshine in1 the A.J.C. Leger in 3-10, beat Portsea and Highborn in the A.J.C. Plate ; and won the Adelaide Cup with 9st. in the saddle in 2-39. These are excellent credentials, and although the St. Albans trained mare is very small she is very truly shaped, and as her aire was a regular glutton over distance, and her dam is sister to Commotion, she should stay for a week. Another horse that I like equally well in the Caul- field Cup is Glenloth, by Glenmarkie out of The Gem, who with 7st 91b in the saddle was lost year backed for a heap of money, but was badly interfered with and blocked until he got in the straight, where it was too late for him to do more than get fourth. He went wrong before the Mel- bourne Cup, for which he was also backed, but with 71b. moreon his back than he last year carried fourth in the fastest time on record for the event I like his chance immensely. He only meets G'Naroo on 21bs. bettor terms, but knowing how last year's Cup was rnn I think that is enough to allow Glen- loth to reverse that poeition. He won several races about Narrandera, and tit Elsternwick Park landed the Last Handicap, 9J fnrlongs ; the Ster- ling Handicap, 6} furlongs ; the Final Handicap, 9i furlongs ; and, best of all, he secured the Mor- dialloc Handicap, 1 mile 3 furlongs, with 8«t. 71bs., Forty Winks 7st. 41bs. second, and King Olaf 8st. 71bs. third. A few days later Forty Winks won the Mentone Handicap, the Aspendale Handicap, and ran well in the Melbourne Cup, while he was subsequently placed third in Tattersall's Cup, filled a similar position in the Aus- tralian Cup, and won the Autumn Handicap. That form points to the unmistakable fact that Glenloth is a clinking good horse ; and it íb rather funny that, whereas on one occasion he gave Forty Winks 171b. and a beating, he is now called upon to concede the Sydney representative only 41b. Mr. John Gillies, M.P., who is secretary and treasurer of the West Maitland Water Brigade, has received a letter from Mr. G. H. Varley, President of the Grafton Volunteer Water Brigade, in connection with the project of having a contest between the flood-boat crews of those towns which possess those useful institutions, and which idea had its inception at Grafton some weeks back. Mr Varley refers in enthusiastic terms to the increased interest which such a contest would evoke, and states that his Brigade is anxious to bring about a friendly race at either Maitland or Morpeth in equal boats, and he writes with full knowledge of the difficulties in the way, for he suggests that if the trial be arranged one of the Maitland boats be lent to the Grafton crew who have hitherto been used to oar rowing. Mr. Varley refers with pleasure to the excitement which took place in the latter part of '71 over the race between Maitland and Windsor, and presumes that the latter place could be induced to send a crew to Maitland if three equal boats could be provided. To this letter Mr. Gillies has replied that Maitlanders would be happy to receive a visit from the Grafton crew, and would row them at Morpeth, where the water was most suitable. Two Maitland crews were desirous of taking part, and as the local brigade had only a pair of equal boats the contest would have to be arranged some- how to be rowed in heats. However, as Mr. Varley mentioned in his letter, that the originator of the project and one who had promised liberal assistance, Mr. Frank Norrie, was on the eve of visiting Mait- land, that gentleman would be interviewed and preliminary arrangements probably fixed. If the idea can be carried out an exciting struggle should be in store, and at the same time a couple of skiff races ought also to be fixed up, so that there would be an embryo regatta. Anyhow the matter can be safely left in the hands of Mr. Gillies, who is a strong supporter of the local brigade. A few weeks back Mr. W. J. Trim, of Kempsey» commissioned Mr. W. C. Quinton to purchase him a cheap racehorse, and the handioapper complied ] by securing Pierrot from Mr. J. Clift, jun., at some- thing like £40. Pierrot is a stout, nuggety little chestnut gelding, well-known as a sprinter up . north, and he had been used as a hack by Mr. Clift for sometime. However he was shipped in very nice order to begin work, but he was detained a day or two through some mistake in Sydney without food and coverless, for a new rug which had been placed on him by Mr Clift, had been stolen. When he finally reached his new home, he was a sorry spectacle, for the fric- tion of the vessel had worn the hair off his tail, and he was generally knocked about. Needless to say Mr. Trim was not enamoured of Mr. Quinton' selection, but that the gelding was all right inwardly he quickly showed, for he has won no fewer than seven handicaps for Mr. Trim since that gentleman purchased him, and I suppose there ie now no more ardent believer in Mr. Quinton'a judgment than the Kempsey sportsman. A Newmarket trainer named Manser has a son aged eight, and whese weight is only 1st 131bs., who rides work. Fancy this pigmy on the back of a puller like Marvel, or attempting to work his pas- sage on a lazy horse like Carbine ! At Moorefield this afternoon there shonld be some fair racing. Duke of Kent should win the Tramway Handicap, and he should have a deal of trouble with Baroona, if the Morpeth horse puts in an appearance ; Meteorite has also been left with a chance. I like Epigraph and Money Spinner best in the Kogarah Stakes ; and if ever Pippin intends to do something towards paying for his oats it should be in the Moorefield Handicap, whilst Denman will also run well if not reserved for the Strwards' Mile, which he would about land from Crusoe and Princess. In this issue will be found the well-arranged pro- gramme put forward by the Northern Jockey Club . for its meeting on August 6.' The bill is made up of five events amongst which ¿ISO is cut up, the prin- ciple item being ¿55, over a distance of one mile The gathering succeeds two days' racing at Single- ton-one for galloways-and nominations are due on July 28, two days after Singleton entry day. By the way it is a wonder that some enterprising, sportsmen do not arrange a day's raeing for ponies and galloways in Maitland. There are a large number of little 'uns m the district, and if the prizes were fair patronage would certainly come from all parts. There's money in it. The Wallsend Jockey Club is once more in the field with a bill of fare for August 20, and offers six items to'horseownera and trainers jvhich aro worth ¿160, and are well worthy of attention. As usual my old friend Mr. " Ned" Gowcher is secretary, and entries are due on August 13. Whimbrel has left for India. There was some doubt in the minds of local sportsmen that even if the Northern Jockey Club succeeded in üb endeavour to secure the Park for racing purposes, it would not be granted re- gistration by the A.J.C., as the track would not be the prescribed mile and a quarter in length. How- ever Mr. Clibborn has informed Mr. Quinton that the A.T.C. would take no objection to the course, as it bore in mind that it was a very old established one, and had been formerly used by the Club. 