v;. Books. " " 'V' . -a' . l_:-' A First Family of Tasajara. (1) This is ,ono of Brot Harte's littlo novels. Its first fo\y pages will' disappoint-th6 reader. ; -but' afterwards he'"is' not likely to -feel any die-' appointmont. Tho lioro ot tho. story, though rather a poor hero, is Mr. Ilerkutt, whobooomqe when .'apparently' . 'more respeotaWe, Mr. Haroourt. If thoro is a horoine, it. is tlio stutuesquo Olomcntinu. Tho flirt of tho' story isFhoomio; tho gcntleman of it ifl -Mr. Grant. Tho scapegrace is '-Ljgo Ourtis, tho apparont fool is John Milton. -Harkutt, and tho '.pretty- widow <is. Mrs. .Ashwood; Tho plot is not! intricate, hut coming ovonts do not oast their shadows, before them, so that tho reader's interest is kept' up to tpe end.' And it is pleasant to see how woll' ovorything does eiid ; although not just as. tho closest reader expected. Tho book is wholly American. Not All in Vain. (2) This , littlo book is ono helping to' form a library of Australian authors. It is by Mrs. Cross (Ada Cambridge), and is built up out of Australian scouob and life. As yet novelists have found" Australian subjects more easily treated rcnlly than ideally; and yot nil that is most real in' Australian life .is painfully prosy. This is so because life 'hero has narer presented very much of the heroic, whilst it lias prcsontod a good doal of tho commercial. And it is for that reason that ladies who liavo written about Australia lmvo not, on tho whole, siiccocded so woll as mon have suc- oooded. Mrs. Cross has had tho sagacity to Bclcot what may bo oallod a domestic thome, and in this way lina madohor book not so abso lutely Australian ns it protends to he. She docs not always mako: her characters speak good- English whore evidently sho means that they should do so. Her littlo book is for young peoplo, and thoy will' read it with pleasure. Legendary Fictions of the Irish Celts. (3) This ie o book of " Folk Lore," and ia just 'ns good as its author and his material can make it. It ombrnoos household stories, legends of tho "good people," witohoraft, sorcery, ghosts, and fotohos ; Ossianio and other early legends ; ondlogonds of tho Celtic saints ; with a glossary. It should ho oxplained that Mr. Kennedy has made this oolloetion of old_ stories so that thoy might not ,be lost, but might be, as tliey lioro aro, uvnilablp in. a oomplofce and handy form. Tho hook is tho moro mature result of earlier efforts in lhagoziuo artioles.' Every lover of old world ond early lifo stories will rolisli this, book. Some of thoso Btorios aro rioh . ahd rnro ; ond what is moro tp tlio point is thoy contain roost reliable infomnatiqn on primitivo oustonis out of whioh somo of our most stately institutions liavo grown up, Irishmen in Australia should got tlio book. Railway Man. (4) " The Railway Man and his Childron " it a hook, by Mrs. Olipbant, and that should .he almost enough to say about it This edition of tho hook, it must bo pointed out, iB tho edition intended for circulation in Australia. It is one of thoso books which persons likely to troad somewhat similar walks in life to thoso trijddon in by. Mr. Rowland and Miss Femurs Bhonld road, and not for the Buke of tlio talc, nor so much for the Buko of its facts, as for tho sound instruation drawn into tho tola or out of tho facts. It is a mark of. tho writing of most women amply to put a caso and to be anxious to inako a decided impression. Mrs. Oliphaut is not free from thoso foatures ; but if not as a consoqnenco of thoso traits, certainly in spito of thorn tho hook abounds in many beautiful passages. It is a family book. 