FIGHTING THE DRAGON OR, A FACTORY MANAGER'S GREED. CHAPTER XVII. By Mary Kyle Dallas. After Sam Fitch, the ex-oouvict sailor, had loft him, Mr. Clay rubbed his hands in glee ful satisfaction, believing that his dastardly plot to rid the world of Jack Holly for over had perfectly succeeded. But if ho had then been told _ what had actually occurred on the other side of the world, lug avaricious heart would have stopped its beating. Flossy Portland’s sailor lover still lived I There was groat consternation on board of | tho Happy Qo Lucky when Toro rowed up 1 alone, and that unhappy sailor had a bad five minutes of it; but happily there was not rouoh timo to waste upon him. ‘ Every inim on board was _ making prepara tions to go to Violet Hastings’ rescue, and the boats were at tho shoro of Ghost Island in less time than anyone could have imagined possible. Not for years had Mr. Hastings made such good time in h foot race as in that in which bo joined across the sands and rocks and tangled seaweed, floundering and falling down a dozen times, as did several of tbo most portly and dignified of tbo guests.. So that tho younger ones gained tho spot first and wore actually and metaphorically on thoir knees idolising tho beautiful young Samaritan when tbeir elders arrrived. There she sat, that exquisite creature, the most wondrous mixture of physical and spirituollc beauty that tho brain of man could conceive, with her white dross dabbled with spots of blood, .and great strips torn out of it, with which, sho bad bound up poor Jack Holly’s wounds os “beautifully as possible," the surgeon said. Tho yacht had its surgeon on board, of course, and equally of course bo carao with the others. If Jack bad not used good sense during the last moment of consciousness, and tsvislod his pocket handkerchief about his left arm just above tbo worst wound ho bad received, tightening it with big penknife, there would have been no Jack to help by this timo. Tbo other wounds were slight, this a most dan gerous one. Tho surgeon, despite his encomiums on th o young lady’s skill, was obliged to do a good deal of woi’k before they wore able to take Jack on board the Happy Go Lucky. And meanwhile tho troop of gentlemen, all armed with revolvers, boat Ghost Island in search of tho band of robbers of whose exis tence sailor Tom was so certain. They found nothing, however, but a nest of water ruts and a queer sea bird sitting on some eggs. It screamed ferociously at thorn, and would have pecked their eyes out if it could. The mystery of Jack’s wounding was yet unsolved when they took to the boats again. Tbo ladies on the yacht wore hysterical by the time that Violet waved her handkerchief to them from tho shore. They had all gathered on deck, most of them with marine or opera glasses. They waved bands and handkerchiefs in return, ond uttered little cheers—musical, shrill, or inaudible, as. tho case might be. As for Violet, she sat in tho little boat like a queen, men at her side, men at her feet, men all about her, and each one looking up into her face as though she wore a goddess. All tho while she gave them her gentle little smiles and pretty answers, her eyes wore on tho boat that followed slowly—the boat in which Jack Holly lay, Mr. Hastings supporting his bead,tbo surgeon bending over him, putting a brandy flask to his lips now and then. There was a trace of color in Jack’s lips now. His pulso was more regular, and the men who watched him were glad to know this, for there was something line and manly about Jack’s face, even as ho lay there, bloodstained and motionless, that appoa]ed to their hearts. Yes, Violet’s eyes, turned from tho adoring faces beside her, wore always on this boat, and never had sho looked so unutterably lovely. , Tho cause, alas! was one that must in evitably bring her woo 1 Tho love for which she had watched qnd waited had come to her at last. Out there upon the lonely sands, of Ghost Island, as she sat with Jack Holly’s head resting on her kqoc, it had come to her. As she aloqo had found him on a desolate island in the o.cean, jt was p)ajn tfi hep that heaven had sent her to tho spot to save his life. ' He would recover, she said to herself; he would recognise tbo other half of hi ‘ssoul, and the end would bo bliss. The women wore struck with tho splendor of her eyes when aho oamo on board the yacht; her mother with tho warmth of her embrace. Not ono of them dreamed that the young sailor in blue, with the handsome, face and the curly hair, had anything to do with it. t , “ It somehow elevates one to do a good deed," said ono of tho, ladios of tho party. “I think I cm soo that, look in dear, sweet, good Violet Hastings’s face." It was quite a little event to happen out there in the ocean ; it was very interesting. They had something to write about. They, all wrote voluminously, making parlies to mail their letters when they stopped ul ports whore th' ro wore posts offices. A yachting parly is ton times .as jolly as a house party if managed rightly. And what a hostess Mrs. Hastings was! But a little variety is always welcome. So tho ladios described tho adventure and how dear Violet looked when sho had accom plished her good deed. “Like a saint,” ono lady wrote; and they described tbo sailor as “ perfectly splendid” and “awfully interesting” and “evidently above his station,” and the mail of tho Happy Go Lucky was very, very heavy at the next stopping place. Thou* Jack Holly, who had soon been able to give hismamc. was a pot of tho Hastings family—a special pel of Violet’s—and every body potted him in consequence, from stalely Mrs. Bailey, the widow of a clergyman, and tho mother of two others, to the chief cook, Brindisi, who made him tho most delightful little dishes, notably one in which all that was nutritious of throe fine plump chickens .was transferred into, a tiny mould of the clearest jolly. Now, Ja3K, though well educated enough up to a certain point, and with a good hear ing and tho ability to express himself in do cent English, was simply a plain sailor, ami as ho got better and stronger was very un comfortable. Ho had boon hurt, ho said to himself, and doubtless would have perished out there on the island, hut for the kindness of these rich folks. Ho thought thorn tho very nicest people he had over mot, and as for Violet, there never was such a beauty, ho felt sure, out of Para dise. But then ho was getting well, and he was not a baby or a woman to make a fuss about a weak shoulder and a bandaged arm, or a little pain in tho ohost or so. They were altogether too kind, these nice people, whose hands wore so white and ways so dainty. And when ho was convalescent they rigged him up with dainty clothes from the wardrobes of the young mon, ready to do anything at Violet’s command, though, be ex postulated .at first, and said that some of the sailors would find a thing'dr two that would do just os well. In his illness Jack's bands bad grown much softer, and ho had a low, soft voice, tbo like of which is given'to very few. And as ho was one of those who unconsciously adapt themselves to thoir company, and are quick qt seeing what . other people do, there really was little contrast between bis manners and those of tbo other young men. Ho made- a fine figure in bis handsome clothes, and as after four weeks ho was not able to ,go among tho sailors and help thorn, ho oould do nothing but bog thorn not to, take so much trouble, and declpro that bo needed nothing, ,and express, bis thanks. Ho was very uncomfortable for awhile, but not for long. , , Jack liked to read. Bo had a good voice qnd a good oar, and could oven road, muslo a little. Jaok could, of course, talk ship with any ono, and this .was a free-and-easy, breezy life they were all leading out lb ore. * Bo bo sat on dock and talked, and was talked to, and before bo could tako bis arm put of tbo sling., bo bad picked up society tricks of speech and manner. \- Every day tho love that bad sprung into life in Ylojct Hostings’,a boston \vlion she saw him dying senseless on tho sand, grow mid strengthened, and but for tbo delicate and perfect manner that was hors, she surely would have betrayed herself to others. Sitting among tbo men after the Indies bud retired for the night, Jack was sometimes made tho confidant of soma young man’s hopeless adoration for tbo heiress. • “She is as far off from a man .as a star.” ono young follow said. “ I suppose that is why wo are all ready to die for her. I don’t believe abo will over care for anybody. There is no one goo;! enough.” And Juuk agreed with this opinion. Nobody was good enough for Miss Violet Hastings. , ; lie did not dream that she over thought of him, save ns the poor sailor whom she had rescued. Honest Jack Holly was not apt to think that ho had made conquests. Usually women were more apt to bo his warm, sisterly friends than to flirt with bun, and lie was young yet, and had been engaged to Flossy Portland''most of his man’s life. He belonged to Flossy, and she to him. His heart never wandered for a moment. None of these perfectly dressed girls seemed to him to compare with his pretty little be trothed waiting for him at home, never guess ing that sho had boon so near losing her Jack. Now and then bo froltod to think how much pay ho would necessarily lose, for ho could nob regain the Marietta for n long time,- if at all. But the Happy Go Luokv was going hock to New York, and ho should see his darling and hear more than her letters could tell him, and have so much to toll her. Of course,when it came to Violet Hastings, it was not possible for any man in bis senses to dream even the girl he was in love with was more beautiful ; but if a sparrow should leave his nest for a while, and in the interim meet a bird of paradise, it is not likoly that ho would bo uutrac to his little brown mate for her sake. Jack no more dreamed of desiring that wonderful lovely, gracious young lady, Miss Violot Hastings, for his own, or of the possi bility that sho would think of him as one to whom sho could give bar heart, than if she had boon the occupant of another planet. Not because ho folt himself inferior to people with more money than ho had, but because it would not have occurred to him ns suitable, oven had there been no Flossy. But there was Flossy, am! sho was all the world to him—that bright, sweet, goldon hairod girl, the very wife for an honest, hand some, wholesome young sailor, who had romance enough in bis heart for a dozen landsmen. And so, while ho sang tho sea-songs in the moonlight evenings delighting them all with “lion Bowline” and “Ship Ahoy,” “Sailing,” “Nanoy Lee,” and others which tho genuine sailor has at his tongue’s end, though they are not in print, while Violot aecompanincd him on tho guitar, he was for tho time a sort of lion in that aristocratic company. Jack Holly thought of his little Flossy, his future wife, the “ darling of his heart,” and never for an instant swerved from his allegi ance to her. Ho only longed to write to »hor and tell her all, but as yet ho could not use a pen very well, and ho did not wish to alarm her by sending her a letter written by some ono else. Ho had it all in his mind. It would bo a long letter when it was written; there was so much to toll about his adventures. Ho believed that Sam Fitch had discovered the treasure, and suddenly regretting his promise to share it, had tried to murder him in order that he might not lay claim to his portion or toll others of his discovery. What else could Jack think? Ho had no idea that ho was of sufficient importance to have plots laid for his asnssination. Ho could not have hcliovod that Sam Pitch had boon paid to meet tho Marietta,got taken on board, ■ toll tho big story of hidden treasure and be guile him to a spot where he might slay him. No, it was ono of those stories of which ho bad often heard, Jack thought, whore tho sight of treasure put murder into a man’s heart. Well, ho was alive, with a few aches and pains that would soon be over, and the rest would be amusing—how a lovely young lady like an empress in a play had found him, ami had taken him aboard a wonderful yacht, and how tho ricbTolks had made a regular baby of him. Flossy would bo delighted with that; granny would bo pleased. Ho had no idea that poor granny was free at last from rheumatism and worry about her grandson Jim : nq longer anxious aboqt the next month’s rent qr. the grocer's little bill; safe from all tl\oso annoyances from which Jack so earnestly endeavored to sot hor free. Ho thought of-her wailing and watching for his home-coming,and ono day growing fat and comfortable in hjs and Flossy’s home. Yes, he gavq a great deal of thought to granny,and hoped some day to got Flossy to buy her just such a lino, largo, old-lady bonnet, ns the minister’s widow wore, instead of the inade quate little black stove pipe sort of thing that was always slipping off of hor poor old I white bend in church. ' Over and over again ho -wqs iqahing plans for a Uorqo in which his little working girl, turned wife, and his plain old granny, who put hor arms akimbo and scolded when she was vexed, ruled and reigned,- and where his sister was Imppv, am! to which -Jim, reformed mid doing well in some respectable calling, oamc homo nt night. “Sailing, sailing, over tho dark blue sea,” for the first time in bis life a passenger, not a seaman—for the first time dwelling with people to whom all tho luurxics of lifo camo ns tho dew falls. The days flow by with . Jack, and though once or twice an intense gaze from those wondrous dark eyes under Violet's dark brows startled him, ho never guessed that she loved him u til on a certain day a certain thing bofel him. CHAPTER XVIII. Jack Holly was sitting in a steamer chair, laughing at the idea of his own laziness, at the elegance of his costume, at’ the fact that he was snicking an Ilavanna cigar, not a clay pipe, ns he'used to in the forecastle—laugh ing at the idea of having boon picked up and made a swell of—fooling, too, that it would bo rather nice to be rioh—wbon a hand touched his shoulder, and looking up, ho saw Violot Hastings close hosido him. •She had a little writing case in her hand. For half an hour sho had boon watching Jack as ho sat smiling to himself, and wondering if he wore thinking of her. Shu so much wished this to bo so that she eamo to believe it was, and now sho felt that wore she only alone with him, ho would, no doubt,utter (hose words she so longed to hoar from his lips, and sho sought an excuse for going ’ to him, and found it m hor little tablet. “You must have thought us dreadfully heartless never to offer to write a letter for you,” sho said. “Don’t you want mo to write a letter for you—write to your dictation, Mr. Holly?” “ You-are altogether too kind, Miss Hast ing,” replied Jack. “ I wouldn’t trouble you for any consideration." “It is no trouble nt all," Violet re plied. “Of course you would not wish to say everything through another ; but at least you could say you wore safe on the Happy Go Lucky to anyone who might hear yo.i were missing—your mother or father, your sister, or any one." Now Jack could not ask this wonderful young lady to write a love letter to Flossy at his dictation. But since she seemed so bent on writing for him—and it seemed to him rude to persist in declining—ho bethought him that he would write to granny. “ I have an old grandmother in Now York, Miss Violet.” ho said. “And if you aro so very, very kind, I’ve no doubt sho would think it hard to wait until my ham! is equal holding a pen. Just « few lines, then. ” Violet saw his eyes rest wilh admiration on her cream while hand, on tho lingers of which shone ono or two rich gums, and her heart fluttered. How sweat hor lips wore —how deep and dark and beautiful her eyes ns she drew nearer to the man sho loved I “I will write to your grandmother,” sho j said, “ and give tho dear old lady n long j letter. Old people like something to read. They have so liltlu to do, you know.” ; Jack, with tho thought that the old pooplo j ho know wore very apt to have plenty to do, I washing and ironing, for instance, gave A | gentle little laugh. “I never dictated a letter,” ho said. “But) this is about what 1 should say ; My prqc'oiis old granny—1 call hor that," ho added, with a slight blush, , “Yes,", said Violet, “Such a nice pot name. My precious granny—I've written that, and you cannot think how nice it looks.” “Granny will bo surprised at that wonder ful paper with tho gold-and-violot monogram ' and the porfumo,” ho thought, v Then ho wont on dictating— “Don’t bo frightened when you see that j this is written iu such a beautiful blind that I you cannot for a moment fancy Hint it is j your Jack's. Indeed, it is not my tarry fist that bolds tho pen but tbqt of a lady, as fine ! and white os, satin, handsomer a good deal ' than the marble'hum! father brought you homo from Italy and that you keep under a glass case. And the lady " Ho paused. “Do you know, Miss Violot," ho said, “ I’d like to Loll her about you, hut I don’t fuel sure it would not be rude-and forward to do BO." “Oh, no I" Violet cried, glowing and flush ing. “No, not J shall not think so." “Well, granny,’ 1 Jack dictated, “tho lady is tho most beautiful creature who over lived —it would do you good to sec bor—and as .kind ns sho is lovely, and she is writing for me because I have a ballot through my arm and cannot quite do it yet Just like all you used to tell mo about Florence Nightingale and Clara Barton, who wrote letters for the poor soldiers of England and America in war times, they and the other lady angels who wore sorry for them. This lady angel is sorry for mo, I suppose, and I am very much obliged to her. Her name is Miss Violet Hastings, and I am on her father’s yacht, sailing about with nothing to do but to get well. ,1 know you would like to boar from mo, and I assure you 1 am all right, and shall bo well in no time. My love to sister-. Toll her not to fret. I hope Jim is doing well. “I havo a brother who makes my grand mother a littlo anxious,” ho interpolated, with another blush. “Oh, everybody has," said Violet, who was radiant. Jack’s praises of her beauty wore like cordi.il to her, though sho had never before eared for any man’s praises. “Those boys are dreadful.” “And I bopo you aro well, granny,” dic tated poor Jack, “and will keep so until your boy comes home, ” Hero ho paused. We marvel at our ignorance of the life beyond the grave. What do we know of this which is now ours? Jack Holly, writing familiarly and kindly to his dead grandmother, with no idea that the girl to whom he was dictating had given him her heart, fancying her only kind and friendly, while her love was so strong within her that it irradiated her every feature, was an illustration of this heaven knows. Ho paused. Violet waited for the next words. Jack did not utter them for some time. Ho could not close the letter without sending some message to Flossy, But how to express it with this young lady as his amanuensis, he could not think. “Give Flossy my dear love,” ho said at Iasi, very slowly. “ Is that another sister, or the same?” Violet queried as sho wrote it down. “Flossy is not ray sister,’' said Jack, with another of his ingenuous blushes. “ She ” Ho paused, not knowing just how to ex press himself. “ Well?” queried Violet, breathlessly. She was looking eagerly into his face, her eyes growing larger ns she gazed. A pink flush was moating from her throat to her cheek. “Flossy!” sho gasped. “It is a pretty name.” “And she is a pretty girl,” said Jack. Somehow, when ho had said it he paused again. “ That is all—my love to Flossy, and much obliged to you, Miss Hastings." “Love to Flossy—I’ve written it,” said Violet. “And sho is not your sister? A friend—a friend with whom you aro so inti mate that you call her Flossy. Yes—oh, I’ve given her your love. Have you nothing else to say to Flossy?” “Oh, I could talk a long while to her," Jack answered. “But that will be enough just now. I’ve trespassed on your Hmc al ready. Thank you so very, very inuoh.” “Oh, lot mo write more to Flossy,” Violet cried. “And, by the way, who is Flossy?” sho repeated, as if sho bad not asked the question. “Flossy is the littlo girl who has promised to bo my wife some day, Miss Violet," said Jack. Then, as ho saw that the young Indy’s cheeks were the color of a crimson rose, ho fancied—good, simple-hearted follow that he was—that it was not customary to talk about one’s sweethearts in society. “Since you are’kind enough to ask me about her, Miss Hastings—” ho added, “ Oh, yes, and sho is lovolv, I am save,” whispered Violet “Toll mo, is she dark or fair? I am sure you would like a fair girl best." “Flossy has golden hair and brown eyes,” Jack answered. “ Blonde with dark eyes. That is always beautiful,” said Miss Hastings. “And—and yon lovo her very much—very much?” “That goes without saying,” said Jack, wondering, os ho saw Violet’s cheeks flush and pale alternately and her Angers tremble like an aspen loaf, “ And that is all the letter? ’’ Violet said, taking an envelope from her writing-case. “It ends with your lovo to Flossy. You will not toll me the nice things to say to her, I know, but she will imagine them, sho will know. Now, what address?” Jack*gavo the street and number of the house where poor granny had been living when ho left New York, and sho contrived to write it legibly, and to seal the envelope. “Now,” she said, giving it to him—“now, Mr, Holly, you can mail that when the Happy Go Lucky next gets a chance to send letters home. ” Her voice was cold her face stern, her gestures haughty. “Lord knows what I have done !’’ said Jack to himself. “Something—that is plain. Oh, they’ll never make a firs Lei ass heavy swell of mo! I fancy you have to be born to that sort of thing. But what is it? Baying sho was handsome, 1 suppose. Well, it can’t bo helped now; but I’m sorry. Bho's been so kind. Ob, sho offended—” The next moment ho started to his feet with a cry of horror. Violet was gone. Ho had seen her deliberately fling herself 'into the water. There was no mistaking the occur rence for an accident. Sho had done the thing deliberately. And as deliberately Jack followed her. The action had boon witnessed by several people, and now everyone was crowding to tho side. A boat was being let down, every thing was being done that could bo done to rescue, the two now struggling in the water. Jack was a good swimmer, but ho had not tho full use of his right arm, was weak and somewhat short of breath. However, knowing that those on board would speedily come to tho rescue, ho bad little ’fear but that bo should lie able to hold out until they got to him if ho could but reach Miss Hastings be fore it was too late. At first ho saw nothing of her, then happily a fold of cloth of that soft, reddish tint which is called by dealer's in dry goods “crushed stawhorry,” caught his eye. He knew the robe she wore, and seized it and hold it. Bbe struggled with him for a moment, then turned and flung her arms around his neck. “Ob, my darling—my darling!” she cried. “Oh, my darling!” Even then ho thought, her words addressed to some other man—some one sho loved among her father’s guests. “You must lid go!” he shouted. “I am only Jack Holly, I can’t save you unless you ! lot go.” * ) He strove to tear her arms from his neck, but she only clasped him closer, “Darling! I know who it is!" sho said. “And T am glad, for we shall die together.” And then he knew what it all meant. Oh, .strange—strange revelation to bo made in such a place 1 There, with death staring him in the face, strength failing him, the beautiful iirma of this passionate woman, made with disappointed lovo, strangling Mm as surely as could tho coils of any venomous serpent. This honest seaman, who asked nothing but to live his life out, to go back to his Flossy, miury her and earn her broad by the sweat of his brow, was a strange hero for such a tragedy, lie rebelled against what seemed to bo his fate. In moments of'snob peril, memory is so active that it annihilates time. Jack thought of Flossy, of bor friondlcssness iu tho world that is so hard for the poor, of tho grief that sho would suffer if ho returned no more. “Oh, my love,” ho cried, “oh, Flossy, my love 1 shall I never see you again?” CHAPTER XIX. Flossy Partlaml was sitting in her step mother’s parlor, pale as a marble maiden fashioned by a sculptor and dressed in black. | About her neck sho wore black ribbon wh\oh hold a locket containing a curl of Jack Holly's hair,and she was reading over his last letter. It was no.w long months since the dreadful tidings which she had received in the cap tain’s letter had come so near ending her life, and abo had passed through the valley of the shadow of death and been fanned by tho wings of the death angel. No mutter how ouorgolio one is—how ready to flght on until tho end—such an illness ns Flossy hud endured robs them of the power to do so. When one day Mrs. Purl land had como to tho hospital anil professed to he distressed that her husband’s only child had not boon brought to her and asked to he allowed to have her an soon as poasiblo, Flossy sub mitted to her kisses, though sho could not return them. Freni that moment she had a room to her self, and nil the cave and luxury that distin guishes a patient who is well paid for from one who is object of charity in it hospital. Her Ulopmothor told bor that Mr, Olay had arranged all this, and' Flossy had answered with something of the old spirit; “ Poor dragon I ho must ho unxlonk to spend hiit money. J hope, if I should go to sleep sumo ulgiit and not wake up again, that he will give, mo a beautiful funeral ; lots <-£ plumes and prancing horses and expensive flowers. Ho will loo,k so lovely as ebb f mourner, with a tall hat ami black weepers ami crape oa his elbow. It will suit hie stylo. And I want a marble monument, mar iner, dear, with his statue on top in an atti tude of tho deepest despair, because he didn’t gel me after all. If lam permitted to come back I’ll appear to him in the night, I assure you, and say, Ah, ha, ha! I made a lucky escape, anyhow !” “Well, Flossy, I guess you’re not going to die if you can joke like that!'’ the stepmother said. And no douht there was promise of life in Ibis return of Flossy’s saucy wit. lint the girl was very, very ill after that, and was at last taken homo in a carriage to the pretty rooms in which Mrs. Purtland still dwelt. There Mr. Clay never showed himself, but lie sent presents every day—fruit, (lowers, books, dolicato black a luffs for Flossy to have made into mourning for Jack, She was very much touched by this and sent her thanks. As yet she was not able to apply hersolf to anything long. Weak in body and, it seemed to her, in soul she road tho hooks, ami smelled the rosea, and ate the hot-house fruit, and jellies that wore bestowed upon her Lhrbngh her stop mother. That Indy told a pitiful tale about the stolen gold piece. She had been hungry, and needed bread, she said, and did not feel that she was doing very wrong to take the money. “ Vour poor pa earned it,” she said, “and I meant to put it, hack. I thought you’d uol lipd ou(,” “ Another gold piece put back would not have been my father’s keepsake,” said Flossy. “ Well, all the talk in the world will never pick up spilled milk.” She did not believe her stepmother, but nothing seemed to matter much. Jack was gone rubbed out of her life as if ho had been a figure on a slate. Now.she sat sowing and thinking of it thinking so much of Jack. Not that sho ever forgot him, but it all came bade so vividly now. Sho leaned back in her chair, Tho day was drawing to a close, tho summer sunset was over, there were pale, sweet colors in the western sky. From that upper room she coal l .-tee much of it, though the bouse was in a e.tv street, and the colors wore fading slowly into (lie tints wo nee on doves' wings, lint there was no beauty lypywhoro for poor Flossy, The sweetness of the evening seemed to mock her. (TO 1)H CONTINUED.) 