LITERARY NOTP.R. Aluost. every biographic notice on Tenny son contains a quotation from " Crossing the Barbut it seems that at least one writer of consequence does not Know its meaning. "The closing line of Sir Edwin Arnolds verses on Tennyson (which have for text ' Crossing the Bar ")— Death's soft wind ail thy gallant canvas lifting, And Christ Uiy pilot to the Peace to be,— supplies (says the Athehmani a pointed illustration of a very common, and not unnatural, misconception, viz., that Tenny son's line, I hope to see my Pilot face to face When I have crost the bar, refers to our Saviour. The allusion, how ever, is to the son who had preceded him into the undiscovered country three years pre viously, and answers to the second line of the poem Sunset and evening star. And one clear call for me While on a visit to Lord and Lady Strath inore, at Glamis Castle, Dr. Boyd (author of the Recreations of a Country Parson) was told of a new way to exorcise old ghosts. Everybody has heard of the haunted room at Glamis. It has been put about that the mention of it is a painful subject in the family. Never was ranker nonsense. In the morning, the first question of the delightful Countess to her guests was, ' Well, have you seen the ghost V . The Earl treated the subject more scientifically, in a fashion yield ing practical counsel. He told us that some years before an excellent dignitary, who was always collecting money for church building, had just gone to bed, when of a sudden the ghost appeared-^apparently a Strathmore of some centuries back. • With great presence of rai.nd the clergyman took the first word. Addressing the gliost, he said lie was most anxious, to raise money for a church he was erecting; that he had a bad cold, and could not well get out of bed; but that his collect ing-book was on his dressing-table, and lie would be extremely obliged if his visitor would give him a subscription. Upon this the ghost vanished, and has never come back any more.!'. The Chevalier Herrmann, who contributes a story of his adventures to the current num bers of the North American Review, on one occasion saved his life by a trick. He was captured by Arabs in Algeria and tied to a tree to lie shot; when remembering a trick he had been practising of liaving a gun fired at him and catching the bullets, he com menced to laugh'and declare in French that he had a charmed life. Four men were told off to kill him. As each one fired lie spat a a bullet from his mouth—the bullets liaving come from his own pocket; and so mystified were the Arabs that they thought' his pro fession true, and set iiiin free with many pre sents. " Fbocde told me (says Dr. Boyd in his lately-published reminiscences) of a singular instance of a man looking at a matter from only one point of view. A youth at Oxford in liis day, being examined in Paley, was asked if he could mention any instance of the Divine goodness which he had found out for himself. ' Yes. The conformation of the nose of the bulldog. Its nose is so retracted that it can bang on to the bull, and yet breathe freely. But for tliiB it would soon iiave to let go.' The bull's point of view was not regarded at all." Bib Theodore Martin, one of the authors of the Bon Gaidtier Ballade, which included ludicrous parodies,on " Locksley Hall" and the "May Queen "(the latter containing the line, " Draw me a pint of beer mother, and, mother, draw it mild"), writes apropos of Tennyson" It may seem strange to many, but it is the fact, that these parodies were the outcome of thef ovine enthusiasm excited in my friend Aytotm and myself by the two volumes published In 1842, in which, for the first time, were seen the revised ' Dream of Fair Women,' the 'Recollections of the Arabiau Nights," ^e.-'QEnone,' the 'Morte d'Arthur,', the' Ulysses," the "Locksley Hall," the' Break, break, break." and numerous minor poems, all showing that a new, a true, and a potent poetic voice had come into the world. These volumes we knew by heart, and it was a pleasant exercise for us to try to echo..some of,.,the tones we loved so well among the imitations we were then making in (playful parody, and with all the exuberance of youthful Bpirits,. of MacauIfay, Wordsworth, Lock hartUhland. and others. The Times says :— 'Aytoun and Martin, in their Bon Gamier Ballads, Aid muchvto popularise "Locksley Ilall" and the "May Qufeen" among the classes who might have missed the beauty of the originals." This) may or may not be so. In any case, Tennjteon did not take them amiss. At least, he never gave me any hint that he did so, and he knew me well enough to be sure that I jtfould have submitted cheerfully to his rebuke. It has long been my rule never to speak to authors about what they have writrenV The Laureate was of all men-the last wift whom I should have ventured to depart from the rule. But once I could hot refrain' from breaking it. For 10 A WUIU4IVII . years I had besen'absorbed in studying the' character ■ofxPrince Albert, My Life of the "Prince '.finished,, arid meeting the poet thht Tennyson, in ins ueaicawou UL KUp, 'Idylls of the King," had summed up in per fection all the noble qualities of the Prince,i So it happened that, having to make some reply to what he had said of my book, I felt t must tell him that Ml my researches, all. my study of most confidential materials fot form ins: an estimate of the character of ;the Prince and of all thatJie had done for hng land, had sho.wn.me that.witliin the narrow compass of that .dedication he had divined and depicted the nature and infinite worth of the. Prince with a completeness and cer tainty of touch which conld not have been greater hod he studied all the materials for judgment that hod passed through my hands. The obvious pleasure with which my words were received made me glad that I had yielded to what was. ju. truth the uncon trollable impulse of the moment" Tekkvsootan manuscripts have fetched very high prices in London. The autograph alone' has been valued at £2, though Sir Henry Taylor records in his autobiography that the Laureate .was " very violent with the girls on tlie subject of the rage for auto graphs." He said he believed every crimeand every vice, in the world were connected with the passion for autographs and anecdotes and records. Quite lately, to his intense dis gust, the manuscript of a number of his poems was thrown upon the market, and there was very 4ceen competition to obtain possession of it." In June, 1839', half-a-dozen of these: manuscripts wepe offered for sale. The first was that of the " Dedication to the Queen,'.'and it was found'that'the MS. varied in many lines and words from the published vefsion. . One ' entire verse had not been printed, and a second had.censed to appear in later editions:* To add to the interest of the MS. there:was a"foot-note' at the end of the- page addressed to Mr. Moxon, the-publisherI jscnd you the three last stanzas of the' Dedication.' Ought not all the yous and the yours and the hers to be in capitals ?—A. Tkxnyson. Send the revises." This MS. was purchased for £3. The MS. of that favourite poem, " The Daisy," occupying four pages and a half, octavo, and containing several lines which were omittedin the published version, fetched £24 10s.: while the copy of "The Letters" was valued at £18 10s. The lines to the Itev. F. D. Maurice, covering two pages, and dif fering. from the nublished poem in several small details, wertt for £23. The MS. of "The Brook," as might be expected, was deemed worthy of a higher price, and it was eventually secured for £51. Lastly came " Maud." The MS. was incomplete, but by way of compensation it contained a few un published verses.. The price paid for this literary treasure was no loss than £111. The autograph MSS. hail previously been valued at £200; they actually realised £21S. 