CONTINUED FKOM SATUKn'VV S ISSUE. [AXL ltfiSEllVED. NA.DA THE LILY. BY H. KIDER HAGGARD. ['Copyright, 1891. Bv H. Rider'Haggard. CHAPTER XXII. 1 Moro Goes to Seek the Slaughterer. Now Dingaan, deserting the kraal Dujuzr, moved back to Zululand, and built a great kraal by the Mahlabatine, which ho ttMned ' Umgugundhlovu '—tlmt is, ' tho fumbling i of tho elephant.' Also, he Caused all the fairest girls in the laud to be Sought out as his wives, ami tfettfigh many were found yet: he em-cd fcv ttiore. And ut this time a rumor Cftme to the ears of tho King Dingaan II 1 tfent there lived in Swaziland awtfiig the Halakazi tribe a girl of cho wonderful beauty, who was nam*"', the Lily, and whose skin was whiter ttv.in aro the skins of our people, aiei tie desired greatly to have this girl t-rtWlfe. So Dingaan sent an embassy to &C; chief of the Halakazi, demanding that tho < girl should be given to him. At the 'tfJiA wf a month the embassy returnedr.^run, and told the king that they hhd riund nothing but hard words at "kraal of the Halakazi, and had boon tfiiven thence with scon) and blows. Tkis "Sas the message of the chief of tho rialakazi to Diugaan, king of the Zulus: That the maid who was named the Lily was, indeed, the wonder of the earth, and as yet unwed; for she had found 110 mw Aipon whom she looked with favor, ittvd she was held in such love by this people that it was not their wish to f(>r.?e nuy husband on her. Moreover, the chief said that he and his people defied Dingaan and the Zulas, as their fathers had defied Chaka before him, and upat upon hia name, and that no maid of theirs should go to the wife of a Zulu dog. Then the chief of the Halakazi caused the maid who was named the Lily tq be led before tho messengers of Dingaa;.^ and tlvej? f.Alnd her wonderfully fairj totso they said:: she was tall as a re-vti, hct- grace wis tli'e gta^e of a reed is shaken in the wWd. jfitfeo'ver, hcr naicourted,and hung her shoulders, ner eyes were iif^e %«d brown, and soft as a buck's, Jier '-f frfo'c 'ttas the color of rich cream, her smite ivas like a ripple on the waters, and wh^n ^he spoke her voice was low and sweeter Mian the sound of an instrument of music. They said also that tho girl wished to speak with them, but the chief forbade if, and caused her to be led tlic'nce with all honor. Now, when Dingaan heard this message he grew mad as a lion in a not, for he der.ii-cd this maid above everything, c.t'.d yet he who had all things couM twt Win the maid. Thla was his command, that a great impi should be gathered Mid sent to Swaziland against the ?{*liiknzi tribe, to destroy them and suieo the maid. But when the matter omna on to be discussed with the injuims in the t)re sence of the king, at the 'AmtipakaU or council, I, as chief of Uw Wltoas, spoke against it, saying thai ihe tribe of tho Halakasi wore pTvAt and strong,and that war with them Would mean war with the Swazis also; moreover, ihey had their dwelling in caves which were hard to win. Also, I said, that tin's wis no time to send imp is to seek a single girl, for few years had gone by since one Black One fell; anil foes were "many^and the soldiers of the land had Waited ffe\V .With slaughter, half of them IrtV-iHg $efishcd in the mavshes tht fehVpopo. Now. time must be given tfr&'m to grown up again, for to-day were as a little child, or like a reati wasted with hunger. Maids were many; let the king take them and satisfy his heart, but let him make no war for this one. Thus I spoke boldly in the face of the king, as none had dared to speak before <3haka ; and courage jmsed from me to tlrt Heart's of the other indunas and gtftteriits-, And they echoed my words) vftr 'A\\-y knew that, of all follies, to betfiil ft. new war with the Swazi people WoUW be the greatest. Ding aan listened, and his brow grew dark, yet he was not so firmly seated on the throne that he dared put away our words, for still there were many in tho land who loved the memory of Chaka, »Wi\ tiimeYi^eVed that Dingaan had murdered hiiti aUd Ijmhlangana also. For now that (?h&k;'A was dead, people forgot how evilK- life had dealt with them, and remembered only that lie was a great mauv who had made the Zulu people out of i nothing, as a smith fashious a bright spear irom a lump of iron. Also, though they had changed masters, yet their burden was not lessened, for, as Ch.ika slew.so Dingaan slew also, and as Ohak." oppressed so did Dingaan oppress. Therefore Dingaan yielded to the voice of his indunas and no impi was sent against the Halakalti to *eek the maid that was named tho Lily. But stiU he hankered for her in his heart, nnd from that hour he hated trie because I bad crossed liis will and robbed him of his desire. Now, my father, there is this to bo told ; though I did not know it then, the maid who was named the Lily was no other than my daughter iS'ada. The thought, indeed, came into my mind, that -Mono but Nada could be so fair. Yet t knew surely that Nada and her mother M icropha were dead, for lie who brought me the news of their death bad seen their bodies "lying locked in each other's arms, killed, as it were, by tho same spear. Yet, as' it cliaueed, ho was wrong; for though Macropha indeed was killed, it was another maid wlv> lay in blood beside her ; for tho people whithor t had sent nnd Mac ropha and Nad:l were tributary to the Hala knni tribe, and that chief of ihe Halakazi who sat in the place of G-tlazi the Wolf had quarrelled with them, and fallen on them by night and eaten them up. As I learned aftorwards, the cause of their destruction, as afterwards it was the cause of the slaying of the Halakazi, was the boaulv of Nada ;and nothing else, for the fame of hsr loveliness had gone about the land, and the old chief of the Halakazi had commanded that the girl should be sent to his kraal to live there, that her beauty migh shine upon his place like the sun, and that, if so she willed, she should clioosa a husband from among the great men of the Halakazi. But the headman of the kraal refused, for none who had looked on her would suffer their eyes to lose sight of Nada the Lily, though there was this fate about the maid that none strove to wed her against her will. Many, indeed, asked her in marriage, both there and among the Halakazi people, but ever she shook her head and said, ' Nay, I would wed ni man,' arid it was enough. Foe it was the saying among men, that it was better that she should remain unmarried, and all should look on her, than that she should pass from their sight into tlia house of a husband ; for they held that her beauty was given to be n joy to all, like the beauty of tho dawn and of the evening. Yet this beauty of Nada's was a dreadful th'.ng, and the mother of much death, as shall be told ; and because of her beauty and the great love she bore, she, tho Lily herself, must wither, and the cup of my sorrows must be filled to overflowing, and the heart of Umslopogaas the Slaughterer, sen of Chaka the king, must become desolate as the black plain when the fire has swept it. So it was ordained, my father, and so it befell, seeing that thus all men, white and black, seek that which is beautiful, and when at last they find it, then it passes swiftly away, or, perchance, it is their death. For , great joy and great beauty are winged, nor will they sojourn long upon the earth. They come down like eagles out of the sky, and into the sky thoy return again swiftly. Thus then it came about, my father, that I Mopo, believing my daughter Nada to be dead, little gusssed that it was she who was named the Lily in the kraals of the Halakazi, and whom Dingaan the king de sired for a wife. Now, after I had thwarted him in this matter of the sending of an impi to pluck the Lily from the gardens of the Halakazi, Dingaan learned to hate me. Also I was in his secret*, and with me he had killed his brother Chaka and his brother Umhlangana, and it was I who had held him back from the slaying of his brother Panda also; and, there fore, he hated me, as is the fashion of small | hearted men with those who have lifted them up. let lie did not dare to do away with me, for my voice was loud in the land, and ivhcn Ispoko the people listened. Therefore, in the end, he cast about for some way to be rid of me for a while, till ho should grow strong enough to kill me. ' Mopo,' said the king to 1110 ono day as I sat before him in council with others of the indunas and generals. ' mindest thou of the last, words of tho Great Elephant, who is dead V This ho said meaning Chaka his brother, only hp did not name him, for now the name of Chaka was hlonipa in the land, as is the custom with the names of dead kings -that- i=, my father, it war, not lawful that it should pass the lips. I remember Ihe words, O King,' I an invernd. ' Thoy were ominous woids, for this was their burden ; that you and your hou::o should not ait long in tho throne of kings, but that tile white men should tako away your royalty and divide your territcuies. Such was the prophecy of the Lion of the. Zulu, why speak of it 1 Onco before I heard hin\prophecy, and his words were fulfilled. May the omen be an egg without meat ; may it never become fledged ; may that bird novcr perch upon your roof, 0 King 1' Now, l'ingaan, troubled with fear for the words of Chaka wero in his mind by night and by day ; then he grew angry and bit his lip saying-^ ' Thbil fool, Mopo ! Canst thou not hear a ra'v'eii croak at th'e gates of a kraal, but thou must needs go tell, those who , dwell' within ; thnt he waits to pick their eyes ? Such criers of ill to come may' well iind ill at hand, Mopo.' He ceased, looked on me threaten ingly awhile, and went on : ' I did not speak of those words rolling by chance from a tongue half loosed by death, but of others that told of a Certain Bulalio, of u Slnught erer who rules the People of the Axe and dwells beneath the shadow of the Ghost Mountain far away to the UorCh yonder. Surely I heard tUeltt all us I sat beneath the shade of the reed-fence before ever I came to save him who. was my brother from the speir ef Masilo, the murderer, whose spear stole away the life of a king V . , 'I remeinbor those words nisi, 0 King ! 1 said. 'Isit the will of the king that an impi should bo gathered to eat up this ■ upstart ? Sueli was the command of on* \VWA W iione, given as it Wert^ Aftfa lift lAsf breath.' * Nfty, Uiat' is not; niy. will. If tan be found by thee to Vip6 "ftWAy the Hnliikaziand bring , one whom I deBiro to delight my eyes, then surely none can be found to eat up' this Slaughterer and his people. Moreover, Bulalio, chief of the '.People of the Axe, has not offended ft^alnSt me, butagainstan olepUaht whoSe tViiJliilo; ings are done. Now, (hts (S my Will, my servant; that LhoVv sllouldst tftke wi/ h thee a few tncn only and go gently to this bulalio, and Say, to hi'ni ; ' A fj'rpatj|ij. MepnSnt stalks through th'e i(irid iMi HeWlid htU$6iie tvi sleepy iiWa it lias $<trii6 tils ears—that thou, 'Chief pt tile People of the Axe, 'dost I \Wy no tribute, and h:\st said that, because of the deu'i'n of ft certain. Mopo, 'thou wilt, 'nave nothing to do with him whose shadow lies upon the land. Now one Mopo is sent to thee, - laughterer, to know if 'this tale is true, if it bo true, thon shalt thou learn the weight of the hoof of I hat Elephant who trum pets in. the kraal of Uiugugundhlovu. Think then, aiid weigh thy words before tliou dost answer, Slaughterer." 'Now,:I, Mopo, heard the commands of the king and pottdel'td Iheftl iii my mind, foV 1 ktigfr Well that it was the design of Dingaan to be rid of me for a space that he might find time to plot my overthrow, and that he cared little for this matter of a petty, chief, .who, living far away, hud dal'etl lb defy Ullaka. Yut I wished t.u go, for t licl'o Usui, iwisen in me tigfeifc doaii:8 to Seo lliis Bulalio, who spoke vengeance to be taken for one Mopo, and whose deeds were such as t lie deeds of Umslopogaas would hayo been, had Umsl"pogaas lived to look upon the light. Therefore I answered — ' I hear the king. Tho king's word shall bo done, though, 0 King, thou 8 end est a big man Upon a little errand.' 'Not so, Mono,'tiuswutci} BiiigiiiilJ, 'My heart tells me tliat ibis 'chicken of a Slaugh terer ft'iil gr'dw bo a great cock if his comb is not Gut prrsently ; and thon, Mopo, art versed in cuttiug combs, even of the tallest.' 'I hear the king,' I answered again. ' So, my father, it came about lli^t on the morrow, taking with me but ten chosen men, I, Mopo, started on my journey cowards the Ghost Mountain, and as 1 journeyed I thought nitch of,.|ron' I ljild trod that: path in by-go'-ve rtitj'-s'. . Then, Macropha, my wife, and SVitiii', »\y daughter,' and Ubislopo'gnas, the son ,of Chaka; who nas thought to by my son, walked at my side. Now, as I imagined all were dead and I walked alone ; doubtless I also should soon be dead. Well, people, lived few days and evil in those times, and what did it matter ? At the least I had wreaked vengeance on Chaka and satisfied my heart-. At leiigtli I came one night to that lonely spot where we had camped in the evil hour when Um.slopogaas was borne away by the lioness, and once more I looked rpon the cave whence he had dragged the cub, and upon the awful face of the stone Witch who sits ;iloft upon the Ghost Mountain for ever and for ever. I could kleep little that night because of the sorrow at my heart, but sat awake looking,in the brightness >f the moon upon the griy face of the, stone Witch, and on the depth < of tho forest that grew about her knees, wondering the while if the bones of Umsloprtgaas lay broken in that forest. Now, as 1 journeyed, many tales liad been told to me of this Gho t Mountain, which all swore was haunted, so said some, by men in the shape of wolves; and so said some, by the E emkofu—that is, by men who have died and who have been brought back again by magic. They have no tongues, the.Kscm kofu, for had they tongues they would cry aloud to mortals the awful secrets of the dead, therefore, they can but utter a wailing like that of a babe.' ' Surely one'inuy hoar them in the forests at night an they wail ' Ai —ah ! Ai—ah !'among the silent, trees 1 You laugh, my father, but I did not laugh as I thought of these tales; for, if men have spirits, where do the spirits go when the body is dead 1 They must go somewhere,and would it be strange that, the}' should return to look upon the lands where'they were born 1 Yet I never thought, much of such matters, though 1 ain a doctor, and know something of tho ways of thp Amatongo, the people of the ghosts. To, speak, .truth, my .father, I have had. so much tb'do' with tho loosing of the spirits of men that 1 never troubled myself over much' with.them after they were loosed; there will be timer to do this whon I myself am of their number. So I sat and gazed on the mountain and the forest that grew over it like hair on the head of a woman, and as I gazed I heard a sound that came from far away, out of .the heart of the forest as it seemed. At .first it was;faint and far off, a distant tliiug like the cry of children in a kraal across tho valley; then it grew louder, but still I could not say .what it might be; now it swelled and swelled and' I knew it—it was the - sound of wild beasts at chase. Nearer came the music, the rocks rang with it, and its voice set the blood:beating but to. hearken1 to.' • it'.' That pack was great which rari a-hunting through the silent night; and now it was nigh,7on,the other side of the slope only, and the sound swelled so loud that those who were with me awoke also ana looked1 forth. Now, of a sudden a great koodoo bull appeared for an' instant standing out against the sky , oil the crest of the ridge, then vanished in the thxdow. Ho was running towards us; pre sently we saw liini again speeding on his path with great bounds. We saw this also—-forma grey and gaunt and galloping, in number countless, that leiped along upon.his path, appearing on the crest of tin r -e, di a spear ing in the shadow, seen again »i . the slope, lost in the valley; and with them two other shapes, the shapes of men. Now the big buck bounded past us not half a spear's throw away, and behind him streamed the count less wolves, and from the throats of the wolves went up that awful music. And who were those two that -jame with tho wolves, shapes of men great and strong? They ran silently and swift, wolves' teeth gleamed upon their heads, wolves' hides hung about their shoulders. In the hand of one was an axe—the moonlight shono upon it—in the hand of the other a heavy club. Neck and neck they ran; never before had we seen men travel so fast. See ! they sped down the slope towards us: the wolves were left behind, all except four of them; we heard the beating of their feet, they came, they passed, they were gone, and with them their countless company. The music grew faint, it died, it was dead; the hunt was faraway, the night was still again ! ' Now', my brethren,' I asked of those who were with me, ' what is this we have seen ?' Then one answered, ' We have . seen the Gho.»ts who live in the lap of the old Witch, and those incn are the Wolf-Brethren, the wizards who are kings of the Ghosts.' CHAPTER XXIII. Mopo Reveals Himself to the Slauoh TBltKK. All that night wo watched, but we neither saw nor heard any more of tho wolves, nor of the men who hunted with them. On the morrow, at dawn, I sent a runner to Bulalio, chief of the People of tho Axe, saying that a mossenger came to him from Dingaan, tho king, who desired to speak with him in peace within tho gates of his kraal. I charged the messenger, however, that he should not tell my name, but should say only that it was ' Mouth of Dingaan. ' Then I and those with me followed slowly on the path of the man whom I sent forward, for the way was still far, and I hid bidden him return and meet me bearing the words • of tho Slaugh terer, Holder of the Axe. All that day till the sun grew low we walked roond base of the great Ghost Mountain, following tho line of tho river. We met no one, but once we camo to the a ruins of a kraal, and in it lay tho broken I boues of many men, and with tho bones s rusty assegais and the remains of ox-hide shields, black and white in color. Now, 1 1 examined the shields, and know from their 1 color that they had been carried In the hands of those,soldiel-s who! jeiilik tVel'e BCnt i oiit by Chnka to seek for Umslopogaas, but who had returned no more. l ' Now,' 1 said, 'it has fared ill with those | soldiers of tho Black One who is gone, for I i think tint these are tho shields they bore,aud that their eyes once looked upon the world through the holes in yonder skulls.' ' These are tho shields they bore, and those are the skulls they wore,' answerod one. ' Soe, Mopo, son of Mnkedama, this is no man's work that.haa brought, tlieiii to tlieir death. Men d<5 tibH bi-uak the bonefe of tlieir ftit3 ill pieces as these bones are broken. Wow 1 men do not breiik them, but wolves do, and last night we saw wolves a-hunting; nor did they hunt alone, Mopo. Wow!_ this is a haunted land !' Then wo went on in silence, and all the way the stone face of the Witch who sits aloft for ever stared down on us from the mountain top. At length, an hour, before sundown, wo camo to tliH li^sn kinds, iild thuftj 'in tiili fil'esk of a rise beyond the river, we saw the kraal of the People of the Axe. It was a great knwl 'UUiic,' ana Vneir" cattle Warb Spread about the plains like herds of garae for number. We went to tho rivor and passed it by the ford, then sat down nttd Waited, till presently I saw tho Ulan whom I had sent forward rutut'nlng towards us. Ho Oame and' saluted me itiid i asked hitii foi1 iiuwsi . . . > ' I'll is is ttiy tietfsi litoijoi' hu e iid i ' I Se'ih tiilli Will! iii li.'llhfcii BuiiiilU; itlllt lib is a gteRt man—long and lean, with a fiwco face, and carrying a mighty axe, such an axe as he boreulast iiight ;who hunted with the wolveS. Wlieii.I Kail been led before, the chief I saluted him and spoke to hifli-the words you laid upon my tongue I spoke to him. He listened, then laughed aloud, aud said : ' Tell him who sent you that the mouth of Dingaan Rhall bo welcome, and shall speak the words of Dingaan in peace ; yet I would that it were the head of Dingaan that came, and not his mouth only, for then Axe Groan-Maker should join in ">ur talk— ay, because of one Mopo, whom his brother Clxaka murdered, it would also speak with Dingaan. Still, the mouth is not the head, so the mouth may come in peace.'' Now, I started when for the second time I heard talk of one Mopo, whose, name had bt'6n on the hps of Bulalio the Slaughterer. Who was thero who would t lilt 3 have loved Mopo except mie who Was long deiid f Ailtl yet) p&'llapS tile . chief spoke of some other Mopo. for the name was not my own only— in truth, Chaka had killed a chief of that name at the great mourning, because he said that two Mopos in the land were one too many, and that though this Mopo wept sorely when the tears of others were dry. So I said only that this chief had a high stomach, and we went on to the gatos of tho k.aal. i , There were tttltje tb tllfebt Us Ht tliti gates; ilnd iioiie stood by the do cits of the hlits within theni, hut beyond, from the cattle kraal that was in the centre of the huts, rose a. dust and a din as of men gathering for war. Now, some of those with me wre afraid, and would have turned back, fearing treachery, and they were vet mortf afraid when, on coming to the inner entrftnee of the cattle kraal, we Mlnr S' me five hundred sol diers being mastered there company by com-, pany, by two grear men, who ran up and dowu the ranks shouting: ... ;- , But I cried.-'Nay ! nay ! Turn not back ! Bold looks melt the heart of foes. Morer over, if this Bulalio would have murdered us, there was no need for him to call up so many of his warriors. He is a proud chief, and would show his might, not knowing that the • king we serve can muster a company, tor every man he has. Let us go on boldly.' So we walked forward towards the impi that was gathered on the further side of the, kraal. Now. the two great men who .were' marshalling the soldiers saw us, and came to meet us, ono following the other. He who came first bore the axe upon his shoulder, and he who followed swung a huge club. I looked upon the foremost of thein, and ah ! my father, my heart grew faint with joy,' for I knew him across the years. It was Um slopogaas ! my fopterling, Umslopogaas ! and none other, now grown into manhood—ay, into such a man as was not to be found be side htm in Zululand. He was great and fierce, somewhat sp ire in frame, but wide shouldered and shallow flanked. His arms were long but not over big, but the muscles stood out on thom like knots in a-rope ; his logs were long bIbo, and very thick beneath the kneo. Ills eye. was like an oagle'n, . his. nose [ioinewhat hooked, and he held his head a littleforward.asaman n hosearchencontinually for a hidden foe. He seemed to walk slowly, and yet he came swiftly, but with a gliding movement like that of a wolf or a lion, and. always his fingers played round the horn handle of the axo Groan-maker. For him who followed, he was great also, shorter than Umslopogaas by the half of a head, but of a Bturdier build. His eyes were small, and t.vinkled unceasingly like a little star, and hisilook was very wild, for now and again he grinned, showing his white teeth. When I saw Umslopogaas, my father. iny: bowels melted within mo. and I longed to run to him and throw myselfupon his'ncck. Yeb.I toek counsel with myself and did noi—nay, I dropped the corner, of the kaross I wore over my eyes, hiding my face lest lie should know me. Presently he stodd before' me, searching me out with, his keen eyes, for I drew forward to greet - him. ' Greeting, Mouth of Dingaan !' he'said in a Ioud;voice. -You are a little man to be the mouth of so big a chief.' ' The mouth is a littlemember, even of tho body of a great king, 0 Chief Bulalio,'-"ruler of the People of the Axe, wizard of the wolves that are upon the Ghost Mountain, who aforetime was named Umslopogaas, son of Mopo, son of Makedama.' . • Now, when Umslopogaas heard these words he started like « child at a rustling in the dark and stared hard at. mo. ' You are well instructed,'ho said. 1 The ears of the king are large,if his mouth bo small, O Chief Bulalio,' I answered, ' and I, who am but tho mouth, speak what the ears.have heard.' ' How know you that I have dwelt with the wolves upon the Ghost Mountain, 0 Mouth ?' he asked. ' The eyes of the king seo far, 0 Chief Bulalio. Thus, methinks, last night they saw a great chase and a merry. It seems that they saw a koodoo bull running at spied, and after him countless wolves making their music, and with the wolves two men elad in wolves' skins, such men as you, Bulalio, and he with the club who follows you.' Now Umslopogaas liftsd the axe Groan Maker as though he would cut me down, then let it full again, while Galazi the Wolf glared at me with wide-opened eyes. ' How know you that I onco was named Umslopogaas, who have lost tint name these many days ? Speak, O Mouth, lest I kill you.' 'Slay if you will, Umslopogaas,' T answered. ' but know that when the brains are scattered tho mouth is dumb. Ho who scatters brains loses wisdom.' ' Answer !' ho said. ' I answer not. Who are you that I should answer von ? I know ; it is enough. To. my business.' Now Umslopogaas ground his teeth in anger. ' I am not wont to be thwarted here in my own kraal,'ho said; 'but to yojr business. Speak it, little Mouth.' ' This is my business, little Chief. When the Bluck One who is cone yet lived,you sent him a message byone Masilo—such a message as his ears had never heard,and that had been your death, Ofool juffed up with pride, but. death came first upon the Black One, and his hand wa3 Btayed. Now, Dinuaan, whose shadojv lies upon the land, the king whom I serve, and who sits in the place of the Black One who is gone, speaks to you by me, his mouth. Ho would know this : if it is true that you refuse to own his sovereignity, to pay tribute to him in men and maids and cattle, and to serve him inhiawars? Answer, you little headman I—answer in few words and short!' Now Umslopogaas gasped for breath in his rage, and again he fingered the groat axe. 'It is well for you, 0 Mouth,'he said, 'that I swore safeconduct to you, else you had not gone hence—else had you been served as I served certain soldiers who in bygone years were sent to search out one Umslopogaas. Yet I answer you in few words and short. Look on those spears—they are but a fourth part of tho number I can muster ; that is my • answer. Look now on yonder mountain,the i mountain of ghosts "and wolves—unknown, i impassable, save to mo and ono other only ; that is my answer. Spears aud mountain f shall come together—the mountain shall I39 1 ilive ivith spears »«nd with the fangs of-beasts. Let Dingaan seek Ilia tribute there ! • I have spoken !'• Now I laughed shrilly, desiring'to try tho hosirt of Uinslopogaas, my fosterling, 'yet further. ■. - , ' Fool/ I said, ' Boy with the bruin of a monkeji for-every spear you have Dingnan, whom I sel'V'e, Oitii Band rt liyndrgd, ana your mountain shall be stamped fiat | find ftfr your ghosts and. your wolves, see, with the mouth of Dingaan I spit upon thorn"!' and I spat upon the ground. Now Umalopogaas shook in his rage, and tho great axo glimmered, as he shook. He turned to tho captain who was behind him' and said : ' Say, Galazi tho Wolf, shall wo kill this man and those with him.?' ' NaVj' answered the Wolf, grinning, ' do not lei# J hi'?d gjffii them safe conduct. Moreover, let thciri fjd U;iclJ to their dog of a king, that ho may send out his puppies to do battlo with our -wolves.. It will bo a pretty fight.' , ' ' Got you gone, 0 Mouth,' said Uinslopo gaas; 'get you gone swiftly, lost a worse thin:; K>fall you ' With 'ut my gates you shall find food to satisfy your hunger. Eat of it. and begone." for, if- tp-njorrow nb the iidoii ytin itrB.fdiitid tHfHM rf djfitofa throw of; this kraal, you and those "with you.shall1 tide there fir ever, O Mouth of Dingaan the Kingfi Now I made as'though I would depart, than, turning suddenly, I spoko once more, aitying— _ ■ ' Thero wore words in your message ' fc>> the Black One who is gone of a certiviii iniiti— nay, how was lie nanied?-r- uf a certain Mopo. How Unislupugaas smarted nfc one starts who is fri'tludfed by a npea>v and stared at me.' ' I Wlmt of Mopo, O M'iUtH, whose eyes are veiled! &I0JJ0; is dortdi whoaB son 1 WHS.!'' . " ' ' . : J ■ ■ ■ V •' ' | c Ah !' I snid, / yos/ iVIoprv i* d6»ul—Unit is, the Blnck One who is gone killed a cer tain Mpjpo. HyW. come it, .0 ..Boliilio,. that you were" life .wn! V ; • i ' Mono is dead,' ijiiiittf Umslopogaas again; he is dead 'frith all his KoiiS?; n^_fe»wl is stumped flat, and that, is why I.liace'a the .Clack One, and therefore I hate Dingaan, 'his brother, and will bo as are ]\16pt>' &nt;* houBe of Mopo before I pay htiu tribute or a single ox.' Now, my father, all this while I had spoken to Umslopogaas in a feigned voice, hut now I spoke again in iny own voice say ing— ' So! Now you speak from your heart, young man, and by digging I have reached "the rot of the matter. It is because of this dead dug of a Mopo that you defy the kiilg;1. UmslopogaaB heard the voice, and shook no more with anger, but rather with fearand wonder. He looked at me haid, answerintr nothing. 1 Have you a hut near by, O Chief Bulalio, fee of Dingaan the king, where I,.the inouth of the king, may speek with ,you a while apart, fori would learn your messago word by word that I may deliver it. - Fear llot^ Sl.iughtcirerj to sit al-.no with m.e in an •■riijilj' Ii.iif. I 1 Hiii Uiiijriiifld rtnd . and there is tliiib in jjoUr llaiid fthifili I .should fear,' aiid t pointed '' • Note, Umslopogaas still siiakitig in hia, limbs, answered. ' Follow nit;; 0 Mouth; and you, Galazi, stay with theso iiieii.' So I followed Ui'islopogaas; aiid presently we catilo to a large hilt. He pointed to the doorwajf; aiill I crejjf, tiiroiigh ;it and lie fol lowed after me. Noiv, fur h while it seemed dark in the, hut, for the sun ■ was sinking without, and the place wuh full of shadow ; so I waited while a man . niiglil couii^ fifty, till our eyes could . search the darkness Then of a sudden I threw the blanket from my face and looked into the eyes of Umslopo gaas. 'Look on me now, O Chief Bulalio, 0 • Slaughterer, who once was named Umslop ogaas— look on me and say who am IV Then he locked at me and his jaw fell. j 'Either you are Mopo my father grown .> old—Mopo, who is dead, or the Ghost of YMopo,' he answered in a low voice. I ' I am Mopo, your father, Umslopogaas,' I said. 'You have been long in knowing me, *ho knew yo'u froui the first.' Than Umslopogaas cried aloud, but .yet softly, and, letting fall the axe Groan Muker, he flung himself upon my breast and wept there. And T wept also. ' ' 1 Oh ! my father,' he said, 'I thought that you were dead with the others, and now you have come back to me, and I, I would have lifted the axe against you in my folly. Oh, it is well that I have lis'ed, and nut died", since once mure : look upon your face—the face that I thought dead,hut which yet lives, th«lngh it, bo sorely changed, as though by grief and years.' "Peace, Umslopogaas, my son,' I said. ' I also deemed you dead in the lion's, mouth, through in truth it seemed strange to me that any other man than Umslopogaas could have wrought the deeds which I have heard of as done by Bulalio, Chief of the People of the Axe—ay, and thrown definite in the teeth of Oluika. But you are not. dead, and T, I am not dead. It was aiio'.hor Mopo wlioui Chaku killed; I Rlew CUaku, Chaka ,did not slay me.' 'And of Nada, what of Nada, my sister?' he said. ' Macropha, your mother, and Nada, your sister, are dead, Umslopogaas. They are dead at the hands of the people of the Hala kazi, who dwell in Swaziland.' . • • ' 'I have heard of that people,'lie ans wered presently, ' and so has Galazi the Wolf, yonder. He has abate to satisfy against them—they murdered his father; now, I have too, for they have tfiurdcred my mother and my sister. Ah, .Nada, my sister ! Nadu, my sister!' and the great nian covered his face with his hands, and rocked himself to and fro in his grief. Now, my father, ii camo into my thoughts to make the truth plain to Uinslopoaaas, and tell him that Nada was no sister "f his, and that he was no sun of mine, but rather of that Chaka whom my hand had Fn'ished. and yet I did not, though now I would that I hud done so. For I saw well hov great was the pride and how high was the heart of Umslopogaas, and I saw also that it once he should learn that the throne of Zululind was his by right, nothing could hold' him back, for he would swiflly break into open rebel lion against Dingaan the king, and in my judgment the time was not ripe for that. Had I known, indeed, but one short year before that Umslopogaas still lived, he had sat where Dingaan sat this day; but. I did not know it, and ' ho chance had gone by for a Bhile. Now Dingaan was king and mustered many regiments round him, for I had held him back from war, as in the case of the raid tint he would have made upon the Stasis. The chance had gone by, but it would come again, and till it. came T would say nothing. I would do this rather, f would bring Dincaan and Umslopogaas together, that Umslopogaas might become known in the land as a great chief and the first of warriors. Then I would causc him to be ad vanced to be an induna, and a general to lead the impis of the king, for he who leads the impis is already half a king. So I held my peace upon this matter, hut till the dawn was grey Umslopogaas and I sat together and talked, each telling the talu of the years that had gone sinco ho was home from roe in the lion's inouth. I told him how all my wives and childron had been killed how I had been put to the torment, and showed him my white and withered hand. I told him also of the death of Baleka my sister, and of all my people of the Langeni, and of how I had revenged my wrongs upon Chaka, and made Dingaan to be king in bis place, and was now the first man in the 'and under the king, though the king feared mo mucli^ and loved me little. But I did not tell him that Baleka, my sister was his own mother. When I had done my tale, Umslopogaas told me his; bow Galazi had rescued him from the lioness; h.iw he had become one of the Wolf-Brethren; how lie had conquored Jikizi and the sons of Jikiza, and became ' chief of the Peoplo of the Axe. and taken Zinita to wife, and grown great in the land. I asked him- how it came about that ho still hunted with the wolves as ho had' done last night. He answered that now ho was creat and there was uothiiiL' mi.ro to win, and at limes a wearinoss of life came upon him, and then ho must up, and together with Guluzi hunt and harry with the wolves, for thus only could he tind rost. ' I said that I would show him better game to hunt beforo all was done, and asked him further if he loved bis wife, Zinita. Um slopogaas amwered that ho would lovo her better if she loved him not so much,.for she was jealous and quick to anger, and that was a sorrow to him. Then, when he had slept awhile, he led me from the hut, and I and my people wero scasted with the best, and T spoke with Zinita and with Galnzi Ilia Wolf, For the last, I liked him well. This wa.? a good man to have at one's back in battle; but my hearfc spojjo to me against finite, She whs hrin'ds'AnVe AVi'd tall,- b\ft wi^th'fierce ayes which ,»l witty*' Vratch'ed . tJmslopogaas, my fosterling: ami I notikl fin.ifb' li'e \tfho was fearless oi all other things yet sec'rWed: td' fear Zinita. Neither did she love1 me, for \fn'?n she saw howi the Slaughterer clung to me, as it were, instantly she grew jealous—ns already alio waa jealous of Galazi—and would have been iid of mc if she might. Thus it came about that my heart spoke against Zi'nltrf j ti'?r djd it tell me worse things of her than those winch^arrto'da (To be continued. J 