WAGGA SHEARERS The annual meeting, which took place at the Temperance Hall, com- menced on Friday, January 22, and ended on Saturday, January 23. Mr J. Mooney took the chair, and appropriately opened the proceedings in a short, though powerful, address. The minutes of previous meetings were read and confirmed, and the following report was read by the Secretary, 'W. W. Head :— REPORT FOR THE PERIOD ENDING JANUARY 22nd, 1892. To the Members of the Wagga Branch A.S.U. GENTlEMEN,— It once more becomes our duty to present you Avith our annual report, and as the past year has been a somewhat eventful one for Australian Unionism, it is our intention to briefly refer to each of the most noteworthy events transpiring in our own Branch during the term, and to comment on same, having due regard to the possible influence of those comments on the whole Association. ADELAIDE CONFERENCE, FEBRUARY. 1891. At the annual conference held at Adelaide, South Australia, last February, a heavy business sheet demanded the attention of delegates for over three weeks, but owing to the stonewalling tactics disPlayed by a few delegates, and the bad habit thereby set others who were not built that, way, the business took at least a week longer to trans- act than was necessary. The delegates from this Branch—Messrs. Mooney, Rae and Head— endeavored to get conference to consider and devise a scheme for cheaper and more effective legislation than is provided for by our present cumber- some machinery, but conference refused to appoint a committee to consider the pro- posal. We think the project will receive more attention at the forthcoming conference. Some useful legislation was got through at Adelaide, nevertheless. The G.L.U. was fairly started, arrangements were made with the Queensland Union which have proved satisfactory, and -several rules, and bye laWs. were altered beneficially. The establishment of a branch of the Union at Golburn we opposed, as instructed, and nothing has since transpired to cause us to alter 'our opinion's in regard to the necessity for a branch at that particular place. Some of the South Australian sheepowners met us in conference, and seemed a reasonable set of men as capitalists go, but behind and above them were the banks and syndicates, and organised monopolists of other colonies, so the settle- ment arrived at was not held to by those who conferred with us, and our efforts to prom?te peace were rendered futile. Immediately after the conference we turned our attention to POLITICAL ORGANIZATION. The Trades and Labor Council having drawn up a political platform on which all workers could unite, and having drafted rules for the guidance of a Labor Electoral League, requested this Branch of the A.S.U. to take up the work of politically organizing the workers throughout the southern portion of the colony. Needless to say we put forth our best efforts in this direction, and have been instrumental in starting branches of the Labor Electoral League in Albury, Murrum- bidgee, Tumut, Gundagai, Monaro, and other electorates. The Murrumbidgee Branch chose your vice-chairman (Arthur Rae) as a candidate to contest one of the seats in the electorate, and owing to Union- ism, pure and simple, we succeeded in placing him in the second seat by a substantial majority. None of the other Labor League branches contested a seat in this part of the country, but they are steadily organizing for next election, and will give a good account of themselves at first opportunity. QUEENSLAND STRIKE. Even while our conference was in session at Adelaide trouble was being experienced in Queensland. The monopolists of that colony—having combined to wipe out the defeat inflicted on them by the bushmen in connection with the Jondaryan trouble—had provoked a quarrel with the bush Unions. The weapons used by the squatters and their allies in this struggle made the fight a most unequal one, and the utter subversion of all laws of right and justice practised by the capitalistic combinations of Queensland are too well known to need recapitulation here. Suffice it to say, that owing to an iniquitous law of George IV.—constructed in a barbaric age to crush Unionism among the workers, some of the very best Austra- lians are now serving long sentences in prison for conspiracy—actually for conspiring to raise wages. The Adelaide conference de- cided to stick to our Queensland mates through thick and thin. We sent them all the money we could raise, certainly, but whether we acted quite loyally to Queensland is purely a matter of opinion. Queensland Unionists were fighting " Freedom of Contract " as defined by the squatters. They were overmatched by black- legism and capitalism combined, but all the same as a Union the bushmen never re- treated from the position they had taken up, and when the strike collapsed for want of funds the rules were suspended, and members were individually allowed to make their own terms. Thus the principle they were fighting for was never given up, and still remains one of the tenets of the bush Unions. This has not pleased the squatters, and relations are still somewhat strained between the two parties ; but the bushmen have succeeded in making their Unions stronger than ever, and will never become disorganized, no matter how devoutly the Queensland employers may wish such a consummation. During the progress of the strike we sent three members to assist the Queenslanders (Messrs. M'Barron, Burgess and Belmont), who succeeded in thinning the ranks of the blacklegs imported from Victoria and New Zealand, and in other ways rendered great assistance to our comrades. SETTLEMENT FOR N.S.W. In August, 1891, a settlement for New South Wales and Victoria Avas effected on the following basis :—We withdraw our ob- jection to work with non-Unionists, and the squatters met us in conference. The decision to waive the objection to work with non-Unionists was arrived at by a majority of the Executive Council, and, doubtless, seemed the wisest course to adopt in order to save our Union. This Branch did not agree to the suggestion willingly, your Executive Councillor opposing it for the following reasons :—He could not see that there was any danger of the Union breaking up by suspending the rules and allowing members a free hand, as Avas done in Queensland, and Avas convinced that as so many members had resoled to stay at home as requested, those who did shear would have been in a position to enforce straightout Union terms right through the Branch, in nearly every instance. He also considered that as the conference had agreed to loyally stand by Queens- land, and as the Unionists in that colony could have avoided the strike by agreeing to settle on the same terms as adopted by Syd- ney Conference, we should not have departed from the original proposition to refuse to work with non-Unionists on any considera- tion. It seemed like breaking faith with those men we had promised to support in ANY AND EVERY WAY, and when it is shown that good men are gaoled because they fought on with the understanding that we could do the same, it does not look any better for the A.S.U. A great deal has been made of the fact that large numbers of non-Unionists have been enrolled, and the settlement arrived at is credited with the result, but, judging by Queensland, the same result could have been obtained by a temporary suspension of the rules, and that without forfeiture of the prin- ciple we have so long been fighting to have recognised. Moreover, every member now knows that Union terms could have easily been obtained at nearly every shed in the Branch, owing to the (scarcity of shearors, had members been freer to enforce their terms. AMALGAMATION OF SHEARERS AND LABORERS. We beg leave to recommend this matter to your earnest consideration with the view of solidifying the bush Unions, thus obtaining the greatest possible effect in opposing the federated combinations of capital. CO -OPERATIVE INDUSTRIES. We are convinced that the time has arrived for the Unions to make a start in coopera- tion—using the combined force of Unionism in a manner impossible to individuals. We think every Union should aim at establishing some kind of industry in connec- tion with their association for these reasons : As the aim of all workers is to establish a social order free from the present com- petitive struggle for existence—a state of society where all may obtain the full product of their labor, and get their chance to retain their full share—and as it is generally agreed that some form of co-operation is the only way to get there, Unions should make use of their organization to ex- tend the principle. If members of a Union co-operate as well in a business concern as they do to raise wages, success in any such undertaking is assured. They will retain the profits which go at present to strengthen the hands of the capitalists, and will secure the experience with out which they could not hope to compete suc- cessfully on a large scale with organized capital. We have made a start in this direc- tson with a printing plant, and are printing a small Labor newspaper every Aveek called " THE HUMMER, " besides transacting the ordinary work of a printing office. The venture which we have now got fairly going promises to be a success, and, with a little care, we hope to expand the business. A third share in the plant has been taken over by the G.L.U., and the other share is at present under offer to the Southern Labor Leagues. Any other body of organised workers may at any time buy into the business at a valua- tion, so the more comes in the larger we can publish the paper, and the greater the circulation and consequent usefulness. We notice there are a few jealous persons or in- terested individuals who consider we should never do anything for ourselves, while a pri- vate individual is willing to make a profit out of our labor ; but as we were very care- ful to get a wide expression of opinion from members before taking the matter up, we know that our action is approved of generally. PROGRESS OF THE BRANCH. We have a most successful year to report, as far as the branch is concerned, and, all things considered, have every reason to be proud of our position. We haAre collected in members' contribu- tions a total of £2,289 10s. Our expenditure has been heavy, owing to the large amount of forfeited wages paid— £776 0s lid. But the shrinkage in the bank balance from this cause is compensated for by the knowledge that none of our comrades have had to utterly lose their earnings. Special mention should be made of the fact that we have collected £128 for other branches, while they have only sent us £19 10s. This is owing' to the members not being asked by travelling agents to which branch they wish to pay up. We send a printed notice to members ex- pressly asking them to mention to which branch their contributions is to be paid. Hence the disparity. In accordance with a resolution of meet- ing, held on October 17th, a ballot has been taken on the question of retaining or eliminating the heading of agreement defining " Freedom of Contract, " ac- cording to the pastoralists. The result shows that 507 are in favor of retaining, and 169 for eliminating the words. An agency, with Mr John M 'Donald in charge, was established in Cooma, and Mr John Parker Avas placed in charge of the Hay office. Good work was done in both places. POSITION OF LABOR POLITICALLY. When 36 members Avere returned to Par- liament in the Labor interest it was decided by the party to vote solidly together on all questions included in the Labor platform. With a few exceptions the party remained cohesive for a considerable time, and became a powerful faction in politics of the country. Unfortunately they split on the fiscal ques tion, and their power as a solid third party has been weakened considerably. Had they remained true to the first principles of Unionism and hung together, many of the reforms the workers require would have been accomplished. It is a matter for extreme regret that men placed. in the highest positions the people could bestow should have failed to act as those who elected them have done—solidly to gether in unity. Those of the party who, on the occasion of the last important division, deliberately broke their written pledges to abide by the decision of the majority, deserve at the hands of the outraged workers a sudden removal at next election. The cause of labor is too sacred to be trifled Avith in such a manner ; and though it seems a great pity that the party should thus be weakened, the working men of New South Wales are more likely te command the respect of the world, and the movement will make better progress, if the traitors are promptly relegated to obscurity. It is better to have a solid twenty in Parlia- ment than thirty nominal Labor men, who, despite the world-wide and anxious feeling with which the actions of the Labor Party are being watched, utterly fail to grasp the im- portance of the situation, and repudiate their pledges the first time the majority vote runs counter to their own pet ideas. We must not be discouraged. A few failures should rather prompt us to greater efforts in the future. Our opponents are politically organizing, but if the workers only remain true to each other we can accomplish our object despite opposition. In conclusion, we wish to return thanks for the assistance rendered your officers by the agents, district committees, and shed repre- sentatives, and trust we will have a continua- tion of the success hitherto met with.—We remain, yours in unity, James Mooney, Chairman. W. W. Head, Secretary. STATEMENT OF RECEIPTS AND DISBURSMENS FOR PERIODS ENDING JANUARY 22nd, 1892. BECEIPTS. £ s. d. To Balance Bank .. .. 2,494 2 3 Contributions .. .. 2,289 10 0 Guarantors .. .. .. .. 5312 4 Levies .. .. .. .. 25 10 0 General Fund .. .. 20 0 0 Refunds Forfeited Wages .. 58 5 0 Loan .. .. .. .. 40 0 0 From other Branches .. 19 10 0 Cheque Overpaid .. .. 7 16 6 " Hummer " Shares Sold .. 60 5 0 Fines .. .. .. 2 0 0 Donation .. .. 3 5 0 Rent .. .. .. 10 0 Balance due Agent .. 0 12 6 Commission from G.L.U. .. .. 15 0 0 Goods Sold .. .. 0 5 0 Cheques Unpresented . . 44 10 8 5,135 4 3 EXPENDITURE. £ s. d. By Cheques Unpresented last Audit . . . . 181 0 6 Forfeited Wages .. .. 776 0 11 Legal Expenses .. .. 22 18 0 Fines Refunded .. .. 17 12 6 Agents' Wages .. .. 194 19 9 Agents' Special Trav. Expenses 17 8 0 Carnage .. .. 9 15 3 Commission and District Com- mittee Expenses .. 66 7 11 Committee Expenses .. 52 0 6 Secretary's Salary .. .. 200 0 0 Postage, Telegrams, and Petty Cash .. .. 180 7 0 General Laborers Union .. 459 10 Delegates' Expenses .. 172 0 7 General Fund .. .. 1,000 0 0 Strike Rations .. ..65 61 1 Advertising, Printing, and Stationery .. .. 171 8 2 Sustentation Fee T. and L. Council .. .. 20 0 0 Rent .. .. ... 49 I8 0 Contribs. sent other Branches 128 0 0 Loans Refunded .. .. 40 0 0 Interest .. .. 2 0 0 Refund to Agents (defaulters tickets) .. .. 28 14 4 Tailors' Strike .. .. 80 0 0 "Hummer" Account .. 227 0 7 Advance Labor League .. 25 00 Treasurer and Auditors' Fees .. 5 5 0 Exchange .. .. 4 11 9 Dishonored Cheque .. 6 10 0 Cheque, post dated .. 1 17 3 Cash in hand .. .. 12 2 11 Balance in Bank . . . ... 917 18 3 5,135 4 3 We have examined the books of the Wagga Branch A.S.U. this day, compared same with all balance-sheets, vouchers, and bank ac- count, and find everything correct, as shown in this sheet. Robert Paris Herbert G. Percy Auditors] January 22nd, 1892. On the motion of Messrs. Stevenson and Grarth, the report and balance sheet were adopted. The Scrutineers reported the receipt of a number of ballot papers, but as instructions had not been followed in regard to sending lists of names and numbers of those voting, they re- quested the meeting to decide whether such votes be recorded or declared informal. On the motion of Burgess and Hal- pin, all such ballots were declared in- formal. All offices were then declared vacant, and Mr Tytherleigh took charge of the meeting and declared the follow- ing officers elected for the ensuing year :--- Chairman (unopposed), James Mooney; Vice-Chairmen, A. Rae, M.P., and E. H. Burgess ; Treasurer (Unopposed), J. M'Darra ; Auditors (unopposed), B. Paris and H. G. Percy. ; Trustees, Messrs. Miller, Wheeler and Stoppelbein ; Monaro Representative to Central Committee, J. M 'Donald ; Executive Councillor, W. W. Head; Secretary, W. W. Head. There were sixteen nominations for committee, and the following were elected by ballot:— T. Smith, J. Parker, P. mite, M. Wright, R. Stevenson, F. Hay, E. Nelson, C. Hill, R. Shaw, W. E. Reynolds and P. M'Grath, with John M 'Donald (Cooma). Delegates to Conference : Head, Rae and Burgess. Trades Council : Head, Mooney, Rae and Burgess. The Conference Business Sheet was then considered, and the following resolutions were carried in connection therewith, and taken as instructions by Conference Delegates, in conjunc- tion with the suggestions placed on business sheet previously by Wagga Branch:— Aboriginals to pay the current entrance fee ; that secretaries be held responsible for all certificates issued to shed representatives ; that the payment for defaulters' tickets be approved ; and that branches be em- powered to print their own certificate and rule books if deemed desirable, printer and publisher to statutorily declare as to the number of certificates supplied, to secretaries. The principle of taking co-operative contracts and starting co-operative business enter- prises was approved of ; in any such contracts financial members of any other Union to be eligible for employment. The agreement and working rules were referred to con- ference with a recommendation that the P. U. be asked to agree to an alteration of same in regard to extra remuneration for shearing daggy sheep. Shed representatives to re- ceive actual postage and expenses; travelling agents to be abolished in all settled branches, the secretary and shed representatives to do the work of collecting contributions as hitherto practised in Wagga Branch. The Benefit Fund proposal was strongly recommended to conference, a ple- biscite of the whole of the members to be taken before adoption of any plan, also, whether membership in same should be on a compulsory or voluntary basis. Federation scheme, as adopted by Ballarat Congress, ap- proved of, with recommendation that conference take immediate steps to bring the scheme into practical opera- tion. " Hummer" project was unani- mously approved of, and all questions re same to be answered by delegates to conference. The proposition to purchase shears direct from, the manufacturer was negatived. Also resolved that the head office should be made rotatory, or removed from Creswick to some more central posi- tion ; that no action of ? Executive Council be compulsory on members till a plebiscite of members be taken on the matter ; that a deputation from conference interview Premier Dibbs with a view to obtaining the appoint- ment of a health inspector to visit the men's huts on stations; that a Labor Bank be established in connec- tion with the Federation, and that the meeting has every confidence in Arthur Rae as a Labor representative, and cordially agrees with his action on the address of condolence motion. Re- solved: That the present system of printing in connection with the A.S.U. is unsatisfactory, and a printing office should be established, owned and controlled by the Union. General Secretary Temple's (N.B.) on Busi- ness Sheet, in reference to the pro- posal by Bourke Branch that no branch secretary hold the position of general secretary," and in Avhich arguments were advanced why the proposition should be opposed, came in for a good deal of hostile criticism from members. Firstly because the N.B. had no right on the Business Sheet any more than arguments for or against any other proposition, con- tained therein ; and, secondly, be- cause the arguments used were beside the question. Resolutions conveying the regret of the meeting at the tactics of Mr Temple in this connection were unanimously earned, and the Sec- retary was instructed to send copy of same to Creswick. The meeting closed at 6 p.m. on Saturday, 23rd inst., with the usual votes of thanks. Dear " Hummer, " While on an exploring expedition in search of a goldmine Ave fell in with the daughter of one of England's evicted tenants. It may do our swell adoring friends some benefit if they can raise enough brain power to digest the story she tells of a landlord's tyranny and his wife's bloodthirsty disposition. The landlord's wife, cousins, and other poor re- lations were out coursing, one fine day, and puss bolted through a crop of wheat ad- jacent to our informant's farmhouse. We cannot swear that the hare escaped, but we can swear that the landlord's joy and delight got her hair off because she and her crowd could not see the killing. Their thirst for blood being unappeased, the aforesaid wife went bare headed to her lord and master, and proving to his satisfaction that fawns and fanner's houses and crops were an eye- sore and an obstruction, the tenants, num- bering about 20, were evicted. Some of them are in Australia, America, and the work- house. That landlord died of phthiriasis, which translated reads thusly : He bred lice and died lousy, inside and out. A fate and end good enough for any landlord of that kind.—DEMOS. * * * Dear "Hummer,"— "There's a station on the Murrumbidgee below Hay where the manager pays off his men on the seven days a week racket. It works this way : Say you were working three weeks and three days at £1 per week, instead of re- ceiving £3 10s—that is 3s 4d per day for six days. per week—he would pay you at the rate of 2s 10½yd for the odd days, counting seven to the week at that price. The amount saved by the squatter isn't enough to buy salt to keep such a man's body from turning putrid in company of such a mean soul. The habit, however, is a bad one—for the squatter. One served us that way once, and he died of cancer in the stomach. The bank took his station, and his ghost has to go on shift seven times a week ; 24 hours each go. Let the man who finds the cap to fit, wear it.—TUMBARUMBA. 