MRS. LOUISA A. MEREDITH. WHEN 'Rolf Boldrewood' delivered an address on the ' Pioneers of Australian Literature ' at the meeting of the Austra- lasian Association for the Advancement of Science, held in Hobart last December, he said that, in respect of woman writers, Tasmania occupied the first place among the colonies. In support of this statement he mentioned the names of Mrs. Hum- phrey Ward, ' Tasma,' and Mrs. Charles Meredith, the first having been born in the island colony, the second brought up in it, while the third has made it her home for more than fifty years. Mrs. Meredith is the only one of the trio in Tasmania now, and she has not long returned from a trip to England, which was undertaken that she might superintend the publishing of her last book, ' Bush Friends in Tasmania.' lt is a feat without a parallel, the accom- plishment of this long journey, by sea and land, by a lady nearly eighty years of age, who carried with her the manuscript of a book written and illustrated by herself. But Mrs. Meredith has still all the energy and enthusiasm of her youth, which enabled her to keep up her literary work in the midst of great difficulties and distractions in the old bush days, and if it were not for her lameness she would be quite willing to start off on her travels once again. Mrs. Meredith (Miss Louisa A. Twamley), who lives in the * Wren's Nest,' Byron Street, Hobart, was born at Birmingham in 1812, and her first book, a collection of ' Poems,' with illustrations designed and etched by herself , was published in 1832, when she was just twenty years of age. The poems were very favourably received by the public, and were reviewed in the papers in glow- ing terms, the same happy fate awaiting the two next books, published after a short interval-the ' Romance of Nature ' and ' English Wild Flowers,' illustrated with hand coloured plates from the author's draw- ings. They were published by Mr. C. Tilt, a man of whom Mrs. Meredith cannot speak too highly. Her next book was a ' Tour on the Wye,' with plates after David Cox, Copley Field- ing, Cattermole, etc., and soon after its publication, in 1839, Miss Twam- ley , married her cousin, Mr. Charles Meredith, who had, after some years' residence in Tas- mania, returned for a visit to his native land, having made up his mind to become a colonist. They left Eng- land, in the usual sailing ships of those days, and after a long and tedious voyage, landed in New South Wales, where they lived for some months near Bathurst, at Home- bush, then a soli- tary house built by Mr. Wentworth, whose ghost was popularly supposed to haunt it. In 1840 they removed to Van Diemen's Land, and after a short stay at ' Hobarton,' which struck Mrs Meredith as being far more ' English ' than Sydney, they performed a terrible overland journey to the east coast, where, near Swanport, Mr. Meredith's father lived on his estate of Cambria, which still belongs to one of his sons. About this time ' Notes and Sketches of New South Wales' was written and published in ' Murray's Home and Colonial Library,' exciting con- siderable interest at home, and in the colony in ques- tion a certain amount of wrath at the free nature of the criticism, which was certain- ly deserved at the time. Some time after appeared ' My Home in Tas- mania with illus- trations by Dr. Nixon, the first Bishop of Tas- mania, and by the author-published also by Murray ; and then, came « Over the Straits,' a description of a visit to Victoria and the goldfields ; and then ' Loved and Lost - the Story of a Bird,' with illustrations. In 1860 was pub- lished the large handsome folio with coloured plates, ' Some of My Bush Friends in Tasmania.' In 1867, ' Ebba,' a novel, came out in the Australasian, and in 1880 appeared ' Tas- manian Friends and Foes - Furred, Feathered, and Finned,' with the author's coloured plates. In 1891 ' Bush Friends in Tasmania-the Second and Last Series,' was published, being most favourably re- ceived by all the English papers ; also ' Waratah Rhymes,' which is an illustrated edition of ' Grandmama's Verses Book,' pub- lished in 1877. Though this is not quite a complete list of Mrs. Meredith's writings, it will be seen what a busy life hers has always been, and what a debt Tasmania owes her for the way in which, from the first, she has written in the interests of the colony, and striven to make its name better known at home. At the time of her leaving England, the most erroneous impression prevailed : Tasmania was pictured as a hot- bed of vice, where life and property were equally insecure, and where the refuse of humanity alone could support existence. This impression Mrs. Meredith hastened to dispel. She says in * My Home in Tasmania':-'A residence here of nine years, and an intimate acquaintance during that time with the habits and usages of the higher and middle ranks, as well as the free labouring population of the country places, may, I think, in some measure, qualify me to judge how far the sweeping condemnations of the few are borne out by the demeanour of the many, and now, in all honest faith and truth, I declare them to be every whit as unjust to the people of Tasmania as they would be if cast upon those of the same rank in England. And as, in days of yore, the doughty champion of slandered virtue flung into the lists his mailed gauntlet, or the glorious Bombastes hung aloft his invincible boots, even so, in these modern days of more wordy, but not less mortal, strife, do I gently lay down my black silk mitten in the cause of fair and wronged Tasmania.' Mrs. Meredith has seen ten Governors come and go, Sir. John and Lady Franklin having been at the head of society when she arrived. 