literature. [?] By MBS. OLIPHANT, Author of 'The Son of his TPather,' 'Tie viOhrcBiicleB of Cariingford,' ''The Rose in June,' 'The Greatest Heiress m England,' . 'Whiteladies,' ''Within the Precincts,' 'It was a Lover and his Lass,9* ' Adam . Graeme,' &c;, &a; ^ubBshed by special amusement with the «rtbor. . All rights reserved.] Chapter IIL 7 It was just ^t wo days after the interview in tie wood described above that the Kings fward parly got mider'weigh for home, acoom ipaniea, I need not Bay, by Aubrey Iieigh. (Bee had not told him of that chance meeting, ;SBBtrained I do not know . by what indefinite' ffeeling that he would not care to. hear of it, iaad also by the sensation that she bad as good ate told the lady, who was so very disagreeable iasd impertinent as to laugh, what change bad ifaken place in Aubrey's sentiments and what' She had herself to do with that change. It was .80 silly ; oh, bo silly of her! and yet she had .add nothing or next to nothing; and there iwas no reason why she should not have said -whatever she pleased now that the engagement ?was fully acknowledged and known; indeed, 'if that woman were in any society at -all ehe amust have heard of it, Beeing that as Bee was Aware, not without pleasure— it had afforded a [very agreeable diversion to the floating oom ?munity, a pleasant episode in the tittle-tattle «£ tbe gardens and the -wells. Bee had no absurd objection to being talked oL : She knew rohai in her condition of life, which was so en ?tireiy satisfactory. as a condition, everything - that concerned a family was talked over and universally known- It was a. thing inevitable to a : certain position and a due : homage of «jcietyto its members. Buteomehpwflhedid; not mention it to ; Aubrey, nor, indeed, ?to. anyone; which .was aivery. unueual amount ofretaoenoe. She did no* even give him the sketch thongh it was finished. Sbe had been quite grateful for that penBon'a hints at the tame and eagerly had taken advantage of them - ?to improve her drawing, bat it seemed to her, when she looked at it now, that it -was not her: own at aU, that the other hand was so visible in it that it would be almost dishonest to call . it hers. This, of .coarse, was whoUy fantastic, for even supposing that person to have given, valuable hints ehe had never touched the sketch and Bee alone had carried them oak ' Bat, anyhow, her heart sickened at it andebe thrust it away at the very bottom of the box that jMoulsey was packing.' She had no desire to see the horrid thing again. In a day or two, however, Bee had altogether iforeofcten that interview in the wood. She *ad so many other things to occupy her mind. iThere were few railways in those days, and *he party had a long way to travel before they came to Cologne, where that method of travel ling began. They all felt that common life WUU1U XCUWUUlCUVa UlUO OUU yuui u.M'gwi.w* wandering would be over. In ' tbe meantime there was a long interval of pleasure before Hbsm. The early breakfast at the hotel in the - first hours of the. autumnal morning,' the fan of packing every one away in the big ??coach, the .books to be brought out to fill up corners, both of time . and. space, and 'Maiwy' —then alone in his glery witihjno competitive .American, no Badaeker, no Joanne, to share : ifcia reign— epread out open at the right place, / -«0&at; mammainside should be able ?*© lay her ..,' iingBrat.anee iupon jany tillage or oaside that : * stenck her ^-and abb ve rfl the contrivanoesto: ?, lbs cteaaed bait for aeonring jUie banou^te,5*! ; 'Bse'said,' ' for ourselves,' maffea lively begin-~ \- . ? aing- QbaiJie and Betty sometimes^Hisnaged _ ' *o secure this' favorite {dace if the .attention pi 4be others flagged for a moment^ and though wmiim '.generally ? interposed with a nod or a whisper to - restore it io the privileged pair, sometimes she was mischievous too and con sented to their deprivation, and desired them for once to keep her company inside. She . generally, however, repented of -this before tbe day was over and begged that their favorite seat might be restored to them. ' \- ' For they are really -no fan at all,' ? the poGr lady said. ' I might as well have two .images from Madame Tusaand's.' . Tj. L....3 1»._^ a l...ln Ivm^I ,.m in.. I i 1 n «»4i Ml uau uwu u libua umu ujjuu .o^uutojr .«w ?fin moment of their departure to find half the garrison round the carriage and bouquets enough to fill a separate vehicle thrust into every oorner, the. homage of those warriors to 4be gracious, ladies. He had been very cross . and had made a great exhibition of himself, especially when Captain Ereutzaer's faggot of forgefc-me-nots tied with a ribbon like that on Bae'a hat had been presented with indescri bable looks. What did the fellow mean by fringing forget-me note J He wanted to pitch:; it out of t£e window as soon as they were fairly started. : J&£& 'What an, idiotic custom,' be criedjo 'What' do the fools think you want with euch loads of flowers when you are starting an-aU Joarneyr1 . M .« 'Why, it is just then you do want the»,JV cried Betty, who had a dozen or so to her own share. *' to smell sweet and show us how machos cur friends think of us.' . '?: ? 'They will not smell sweet very long; and* then what will your friends think of your «aid the angry lover. Was it possible that. Bee was detaching a ficUe knot of the blue flowers to put in her araistbani? Bee, Bee ! his own property, who tad no eight so much as to look at another nuga'fi flowers!. And what did she do, seeiDg the clond npon his face, but arrange .another littlebooqnet,' which wife her sweetest smile —ibe little ipsraeJitjTfhe^Bndeayowd to pab intohiNASdjrey's, buttonhole! He snatohed -them^oiit.-rfherhandinAStirt of fory, 'Do r»TB^a»:iieFerto*ometrfc»t iwjyy teite . ajf ^ iicamfaf^ imieinBai ta his v utatgnamon. *' You may put him sear -jour heart, bat I \- ehornd like to kick him I' Theservery natural Boatiments made Bee langh— which she was oruel todo, bat thenpoordap»ain&euta;»erhad .been blotted oat ol her life some ttmeago and knew bis fate, and bad really so right' what- ever to. present her with these partioular nowers. His lovely bouquet witn its oiue nabbon was .given to a girl in the first village «od awakened, the stall mote furious jealousy of another swain who was lees easily appeased ?than Aubrey, bat this ricochet was not thought cf by the first and principal pair. There was not perhaps so many remarkable ; features jnj that journey as if it had Ijeen through .Italy. There were great plains to traverBef'where the chief sights were cottages and faamltoases, women going by with great loads oferfteshly cnt grass roll of flowers on ^heir bsafls, fodder tor ue home-dweUiog cow '^-or men^carrying their hops rfmging to the jpole, to be picked at home, ox long straggling {Branches of the tobaooo plant, and m the ?vmdng tin postilion would whip up his horses jaod Charlie in the banquette or John,. the mannrvant, in the rumble, tootle upon a horn, ishieb the former had acquired clandestinely jtaiace tite party set oat— as they dashei itfruigTi a Tillage or Uttle town 'with lighted ifibdowB, affording 4hvm many a flying peep dIHhedomeBtio life of those tranqoilplaoes; ^nd inthesuddle of the day they topped to M»: somowheia; nine^ha iavaaaUe sred. was ftolJB found «i BomeGaB*h6oBB,alitU8better titan tbe nrdinary, where perhaps a bigger vSiage atood with aU its high-peaked xoofa '?- aotbss ar little -ranainl rtream, and at night xaUied into an old walled town /with shadowy i high houses whioh belonged to the,, fourteenth \- century and had not changed a wMt emoe that time. There they stayed a day ortwo^. varying ? the confinement of 'the , coach- by a course through everything that wasto be-seen, Betting out in a party, -.through the roughly-paved streets, but parting 'company before long, ho : that Aubrey and Bee would .find JjhemsSves i alone in the. shelter of a churofa or in an in- - signifioantjaorner byjhe walls .while the others^ pursued their sightseeing conscientiously. . *' Ab_ for me, what I like is the general aspect, said Bee with an air of superiority: - 'I don't care to poke into every.oorner; and-: Aubrey knows Jhe history, whioh is the chief thing. -. i . - ? 'Are they fatTinng all the time of tbe history?' Baid Betty, overawed. * .,— But this, perhaps, 'was not the opinion of : Charlie and mamma. . No; they:didnot care, very much for the history. People -are bad; traveUerain^t stage of life. They are too, yinnjft. interested in their own -history. They 1went;aboat like a pair of -Philistines through; :atl'iheee ^ancient streetB talking of notMng but : thethinfesolto-day. The most serious part of iheir talk was about the home in the deptihs bt. ^England in which ASbey were, henpeform to spend iheirliTOs. Aubr^bad ideas about re- . ^furnishing, about' makihg e verylhing new. It, would be imposaible-to tell the reader how bad ' 'was the taste of the time and with what-; ?terrible articles of furniture he proposed to replaoe the spindle legs and marquetry of his grandfathers. 'But then these things were. the fashion and supnosed to be the best things of the time. To hear them talking of sofas and curtains and of the color for the boudoir and the hangings of the drawing-room in the midst of all those graceful old places was incon ceivable. You -would have said the stupidest, unimpressionable pair, talking of ugly modern \- Enghsh,rurniture, when they Bhould have been noting ths old world of Nuremberg— the un changing mediaeval city. But you must re ' member that the furniture .was only, a symbol, for their love and- their new life and all the blessedness of being together, and the. endless delights of every day. ThefiofaBand.the.cur-. tains meant the Vita Nuova and the refurnish-, ing of the old house a beautiful fabric of all the honor and the joy of life. Then came the great .river, and the progress down its shining stream and between, those ; beautiful banks, where agaiathey made several pauses to en joy the Boenery. The IJHneis not ; .now the river it was theii. It was sfcillthe ! great, river ot romance in those 4&ys;^-Byron.: had been there, and the yqung ^people remem^:: bered RolandJand bis tower, with his Jove in., the white convent opposite; and felt aehndoer !at the, thought of the Xiorelei. as they floated under the high and gloomy bank. I doubt, : however, whether the lovers thought much, even of these things. They were busy just.: now about the gardens, which Bee was fully minded to remodel -and fill with- everything -, .that -was new and delightful in the way of flowers. - - ?: ..-?':? ? ; . . -.....,.. ...i ..- ?-. ; .*' I shall have masses of color about.: the' :terraoe and every. -spot, covered. I wonder, which yoa like best, majolica -vases or .rustic SjasketBf Boa was saying when her mother sailed her to point out the Platz and Bishop Hatto's tower. '. **Oh yes, mamma, itfa very pretty. Sut. you like clematis, Aubrey,' for the balustrade — to wind in and out of the pillars. Yes, yes, I . can see it well enough. I like every kind of - clematis, eran the common one, .the traveller's joy— and it would bang-down, you know, over that old bit ci wall yon told me of. Do go forward, Aubrey, and let them- see you are taking ..an interest. Ido see it all quite well anditis Tery' romantic, and we are quite en- . joying it 1 can assure you, mamma.' This was how they made their way down stream. In the moonlight' nights they ceased, -to talk of practical matters and went back to lie little history of their lores. ... ; 'Do you remember, Bee, that first time in the wood— — ' . ' ; . . . ' . 'Oh, Aubrey, don't' you recollect that drive coming back in the dark— before I knew— — ' '? ' But you always did 'know, from .the very beginning^ Bee?' r-WeU, perhaps I euspected— and used to think ? ' 'You darling, what did you think? — and did you really care— as early as that V They went on like this whateverlhappened outside, giving a careless glance at the heights, at the towers, at the robbers' castle above and . the little villages below; not bo much as look ing at them and yel remembering them ever ' j^yiM*, npr-Tr-K»iTip.ti-ifi flriw of' thftir yprrhg 3ivE6, aeit were, in_ttiat«tironj; flowing of the Ehine, .'- Botinc nothinsr andi veo seeine fivarrtannc' with the double sight wb^ people possess aiv ihe highest moiQentsandjprieis.of their career.! - They came at length fesCologne, where ;;tt3sr ' enchanted ^pyagp Wfls-more, 'm lesriba.ehd.'.f/Fq :' be sure they were still -to be together, but only - mthei^wwifo.aUtt§^^ hKiring1 m&re; or less what they said. They said good-bye to the Ehine with a '. little senti men^ a delightful little sadness full of pleasure.* ? ' ' ' ?? Shall we ever be so happy again T said Bee witbaiieh. '.'?.... ' 'Oh, yes, my sweet, a hundred lames, and happier and -happier,' said the. yoking -mait^ . and thus they were assurea it was to be. I don't think any of them ever forgot that arrival at Cologne. They came into Bight of the townjuBt in the. evening when the last glow of sunset was still burning upon the gre*t river,' but lights beginning to show in the windows and gHmmering reflected in the water. The cathedral was not completed then and a crane like -some strange weird animal stood out against the sky upon the top of the tower. The hotel to which they were going had a oovered terrace upon the river with lights gleaming through; 'the green leaves. They decided they would 'have their table there .and 'dine with all that darkling panorama before their eyes through the veil of the foliage,- the glowing water, the boats moving and passing, with now and then a ' raft coming down from the upper stream, and the bridge^ of boats opening to give passage to a fuming fretting steamboat. Aubrey and Bee went band in hand up the steps, nobody noticed in the half dark how close they were together. They parted with a close pressure of -warm hands. ??.????? ?-?-?? - ?' ? ; 'Don't be long, darling,' the said, as they parted; only ipra moment, only to prepare a ' Iitae*orthe*iyaiing, to ilip into a fresh dress, - ?io take cut a neyrribbpn, to make one'syouthful'^ ' self -as1 faSr as such jaimecessary adjunotsper- ??:- 3Tor whaft«ji-l Aubrey care for a new ribbon? : The only bluelie thought of was that, in Bee's eyea.;^,.1.-.; .-???? ?' r- ?- - ' ?-.- ? '? -??.' ? - ? 1 1 dp not thmk she was more' titan ten ' minutes -over these litde changes. Shexlressed - like aTflash of lightning, Betty eaid, who could not find her own thingB half so qniokly, Moul- ' Bey being occupied with mamma. Such a short : moment not worth counting! and yet - enough, more than enough' to change a whole - life: ?' . ? -?: .-? : ?'???...? ' ? ' Bee ran down as light as air to the sitting room which had been engaged for the party. She felt sure that Aubrey would hurry, too, so as to *have a word before dinner, before the rest were ready— as if the whole day bad not ' been one long word, running 'through every thing. She came lightly to the door of the room in her fresh frock and her blue ribbons, walking on air, knowing no shadow of any obstacle before her or cloud upon the joyful triumphant eky. She did not even hear the sound of the subdued voioes, the faint - litde sob, strangest of -all Bounds at such a moment, which, seemed to come out to meet her as she 'gtoenea shgrtfaoEr^ ma opened ^t, wondering \wlyif Auteeyjwerejhere, thinking of somir af(b»4o;afldres« to-aira^j^aait the length ottimej ^Shfrhad not made any preparation ?OT-'idiriiiBr1n \- .ttj1iivj vsBnaUp aoida^ty^^Bpfanxious' *£b x^6'xid zl ^UsBhs^ but ''Was- still- en velop^cT in w cnawl which she had put on to keep off the evening chills. As for Aubrey, be was exactly as he . had been when they parted with him, -except that all the light bad gone out of his face. He was very pale,' and he too had a letter in -his hand, fie uttered a stifled exclamation when he saw Bee at the door, -and lifting his arms as though in protest against something in tolerable walked away to the other end of the room. . -? t .,.--- ?.:,?'? 'Ob, Bee,' said Mrs. Kingsward, 'oh, go away, my dear, go away! 1 mean- ? Get something to eat, you and Charlie and Betty, ? and then get to bed. ' -5et to btd ! 1 -am top tired to taJceanything-and I- am going upstairs at once.' .... ' : ' I thought you had been upatairs, mamma, half an hour ago. What is the matter? You look like a ghost, and eo does Aubrey. Has any thine happened t Mamma, you won't look at me, and Aubrey turns his back. What have I done? Is it anything about me?' ' What nonsense, child !' said Mrs. Kings ward with a pretence at a Bmile. ' What could you have to do with it ? We, have both —Mr. Leigh and myself— found letters, and we are busy reading them. I. am sure the Sinner must lie served. We ordered it in the balcony, don't you remember? Bun away and make Charlie and Betty sit down at once. I amr too tired. Moulsey will ran down in a Uttte and get something for me.' ~ ? - m fffamma,,' mid Bee, ''you cannot makeup a story. Something has happened, I am sure of it v«nd it fc something about me.' : 'Nonsense, child ! go away and -have your dinner. I would oome if I could. Don't you see what a budget of letters I have got! and some of tiiem I must answer to-night.' 'Have you letters too, Aubrey ?'aaid Bee in her amazement,- standing still as she had paused, arrested by the eight of them, just wilfcinthfidoor. - ? ? - ?JBee, I must beg you will not put any qusBtaons; go and do what I tell you, your brother andsister will be coming downstairs, yes, of oourse, ypuxjau^ee UntMr. I*agh has., his letters to read as well as L' 'Mr. I«igh 1 I wonder if we have all gone mad, or what is the matter? Aubrey i tellme, ; you at least, if mamrna won't. You must have tod a quarrel. Mamma, why do you call him Mr.I*ighr ; , 'Oh,, for goodness sake, Bee, go, go, away.' .. 'I am not,:*9ing away,9'., cried the girL : . 'You have had a .quarrel- about- something. . ' Come, mamma, you musti. not quarrel with Aubrey— if 'hennas done something -wrong' or said something silly I win answer for him, he : never intended ik : Aubrey, what do yon mean, ' : sir, turning your back both on mamma and me? Come here, quick, and ask her pardon and Bay 'you will never do it again.' ; . \- Poor little Bee's heart was fluttering, but she' ' would not'allow herself to believe there was any - . thing really wrong. : She .went close up to her \- mother and stood by. her, with her hand upon her shoulder. . ' Aubrey !'; she said, .'never , mind if. you are wrong or not, oome and beg mamma's. pardon and she .will forgive you. ! There must not— there must not^-oh, it is too ? ridiculpns-^be . anything wrong between i mamma and you, Aubrey J', ...--...- .._ :,. - .-.-.* ? : He turned irpmid ' slovfly . and faced -ihem ; ; both with a face so pale that Bee stopped short ; ! with a gasp and oonld not say a word more. : B3^Xing8^^.%^-bur^'b^ fac»;in 'her : hands. i^eelTOked-from one to another witha: ; dismay which she could noftexplain to herself: j ''Oh, what is themattor? What iB the matterr 1 She- said. ? : ''.?: ? ..;?:???'?-'??.?' ?? MVl- - rs' ???- ? ???? ? ! ...... Chapteb.I^. ? ' . ' - ; Thtre was no merry dinner that night in the ? verandah of- the- hotel under- 'the clinging : wreaths of green.' Mrs. Kingsward went up ; to her room stiU-wifeh-her-h«avy shawl about : her shoulders which she had forgotten, though it added somebhing to her discomfort — followed ' by Bee,~pale and -rigid, offering no help, follow inghermotherlikeanangryshadow. Charlieand Betty met them on the stairs and stood aside in consternation, unable to conceive what- had ', happened. Mrs^Eongs ward -gave them a sort ; of troubled-smileand said, ' Get yonr dinner, -: dears, don't- wait^ for us. I am too tired to ? oome down . to- night.' ' But, mamma ? ' they both -began ' in -' remonstrance. 'Go ; down and get your dinner,' said Mrs. Kings ; ward peremptorily; i As for Bee she did not , look at them at alL Her-eyes were fierce' with ? some Bentiment whioli Betty could not divine, and angry,- blazing; as if they might have set ~ ? light to the hotel; Little Betty pressed against Charlitfs side as they- went down startled and alarmed. '? Bee- has had a quarrel with ; mamma,3' she whispered' in tones of awe. ^'Thatfa imposaible,'vsaid Charlie. 'Oh, no, 'it's not impossible. '-There jvas once— — ' It 'comforted them bpta'|p^^eiii(5the_awful ctr 1 cumstanoes thalis^efe^^n^^g^^^mihap ?laid, all the glitter of the lamps ana the glasses. ? 'leuppose we must not wait for them as' ; they said so,' Bald XHiarlie, eitting down in his j place ao the bottom of the table- . Tell Mr. Leigb^-tbat is &e; other gentleman— that we ^are ready;' ?? . '-' '- -! ? 'The-other 'gentleman, «r,?- said the waiter, who was the pride of the establishment for his . jEngush, ''have gone out.' ? . 'Gone out 1'.' said Charlie.' He could only ; stare at Betty and- she at him, not knowing 'what to think. . . ' 'He have had his letters, too; sir,1' said tbe : waiter in a eignificant tone. . His letters! What could' thai have to' do with it? - Charlie also had had his letters— one of them a bill which he did not view with any satisfaction j but even at twenty ^one a man already learns to disguise his feelings and sits down to dinner cheerrally though he has re ceived a bill by the_ post. Charlie's mind at Srst could not Tjeroraveanv onnnechirm -hfifcwppTi Bee's withdrawal upstairs -and Aubrey's dis appearance. It was Betty who suggested, sitting down very close to him, that it looked as if Aubrey and Bee had quarrelled too. ' 'Perhaps that is what it is,' *he said as if she had found out a satisfactory, reason;.. *' lovers'~always quarrel; atfd mamma will have fcaken~ Aubrey's part, and-Bee 'will be so angry and feel as if ehe could sever forgive him. There, that is what it must be.' ? ; ?-?? 'A man may quarrel with his Sweetheart,' ' eaid Charlie severely, 'but he needn't spoil other 'people's dinner for that;' However, they comforted themselves that this was the most -likely explanation and that all would ' come right in the morning. And they were .very young and hungry, having eaten nothing -einoe the veal at one o'clock. And , these two made on the whole a vary satisfactory meaL ; The scene npstairs was very different; Mrs. Snesward-sent Moolsey away on =nretence of ' Igetting^her some tea and then *arned^to her ^augbievwliqBtooaijy the dressing-table and (Btared buSaayi?Uh()u« seeing anything* Ibib those jaJ^BOTbus depShsxif the glass which are' so «dggestiiVe-) people. in trouble. She said ; ;faiptly, 'BBe^I would sq'much ratheV you wouia-TDot ask irie any^more quescidns to might? ??i--* v..:- - :- .- .- . ? . ?' ?--:. .-?- ? - ; 'That is,' said Bee, 'you would like to ' 'send me away to be miserable by m j self without ?even knowing what it 4s, whfle you will take ' 'your sleeping draught and forget it. How can you bssoseltjsh^ mamma? ; And yon have made my Aubrey join in the conspiracy against? me— ' my Aubrey that belongs to me as papa does to you. If you are againBt us it is aU very well, , 'though I can't imagine why- you should be -against va— but at least you need not interfere ?between Aubrey and me.' ' \- 'Oh, my dear child, my poor' darling !' said . . Mrs. Kingsward, wringing her hands. \- 'It is all very well tocall me your pool child -when it is you that are making me poor,' said Bee.1 , ..,:,:??..- ' ? ? .-.?'?' She kept moving a little first on one foot then jonthe other, but always gazing into the glass which presented the image of an excited girl ~very pale but lit up with a sort of blaze of in dignation and unable 46 keep stilL It Was npjb that tprl's faoe, however, that Bee was gazing at, but' at the dim world of space beyond, in which there were fain far-away reflections of the light and the world. ^Aud if you think you will get rid of me like this and hang me up ' till: to-morrow without knowing what it is yoa are mistaken, mamma. I will not leave- you ' until you have told me., What is it? What has papa j?ot in his head. Whatdoeshesayin that fiorrid— horrid letter? ': I' wish I had known when I gave it to you. I ehpuld have bhrownSt into the river instead of ever letting it oomeinto your bands.'. : - .'?;?' -j ; '. ' ???_ \ 'Bee,' you -must know ^this' passion is very wrong and very improper. You ough-:nbt to face me Iike4h.at«nd £$mand an aaewerl I'am ' your -mother,' said ^Mr&Eingswardj; A»t with afalter- wbif* was aU nrdike that aesiflnption of antbori^, 'and I'have aoueed to tell you anything 'more than I think is for your good.' ' 'Ah! I know whare that comes from,' cried Bee; 'that's papa's thunder ; thatV whatrhe hastold;you to eayi: You- don't believe your self that you have a right to bang up a poor girl over some dreadful, dreadful abyes, when ahe was so happy and never suspected any thing.1? Here Bee's voice faltered for a moment, but she qoioklv recovered herself. ' And to drag her away from the one person' that could support her, and to cut the ground ; from under he feet, and never to tell her what it means.' It; was at tills point that Moulsey, with a little -discreet cough to herald her approach, ? came into the room, bearing a tray with oea ' and a little cover, from which came a faint but agreeable odor.- Mrs.. Kingsward was in great trouble. about her child, but she was muoh exhausted and in want of physioal support, and it did seem to her hard that she might not be permitted to eat the smallest of outlets be fore embarking on a scene such as ehe knew - this would be. Oh, why didn t papa come and say it himself when there was so muoh that was dreadful to say? . ' Shall I fetch something for Miss Bee, too ? said Moulsey. ' It ain t a good thing for ayoung creature to go without her dinner. If she's not going down, ma'm, as would be much the test, I'll just run and fetch a little Borne thing for Miss Bee too.' ? 'Indeed, indeed, Bee, Moulsey,- is right. Think how miserable the others will fe%l'alL alone and thinking something has happened. Do go do wn, darling, and strengthen jourself with a little food, and take a glass of wine just for once to please me. And after that you shall be told everything— all that I know.' Bee grew paler and paler standing there be fore she, glass and her eyes blazed more and more. ' It is as bad as that, then 1'' she said under her breath to herself and then, went away from where she was -standing to the farther end of the room. 'I shall wait here, mamma, till yoa have 'had your tea. I know you want it. Oh, go away, Mpulsey $ Let me alone ! No, yoa shall not bring me. any tiling lor if ? you do I will throw it our of the window,' she said, stomping her foot The dark end of the room eeemed suddenly lighted up by a sort of . aurora foprealis with tpe fire of poor Bee's . burning eyes and the flashes here' and there of her white frock—oh,. poor white frock! put on in the sunshine of life and happiness to please her love ! and now turned : into a sort of sacrificial robe. . . 'Take it. away, Mousiey; I can't eat anything — I can't indeed— no more. than Miss 'Bat you must, ma'am,' said Monkey. ' Miss Bee's young ; she's had nothing to drain away her strength. But its far different with you, after all your family and eo weak as you are. If Miss Bee were a real .good girl, as I always thought her, she'd go away, and get something herself just for her poor mamma's sake, and leave you alone for a moment to get -a little peace and rest.' 'There is no reat for me,' murmured the poor lady.' ' Oh, papa, papa, why didn't you come and tell them yourself?' . These piteous tones went to Bee's heart. They moved her half with contempt, half with compassion — withsomething of that high in dignant toleration of weakness which is one .kind of pity. If mamma could: eat and dnnk at such a moment, why shouldn't she be left to do it? The girl started up and left the room in tbe quick flashing impulse of her passion. She walked up and down in the corridor out Bide, her aims folded over her high-beating tumultous heart. Yes, no doubt she was ' cat down and withered away; but in her present passionate impulse of resistance and gathering of all her forces to resist the catas trophe, which she did not understand, it could scarcely be «a£d that she was wretched yet. What was it? what was it ? she was raying to herself.- It might still be something that would, pass away,, which would be overcome ? by. the ? determined: impassioned .. stand against it whioh Bee felt that:it was injier to make.. The thing that was wbrst of all, that stole away her courage, was that Aubrey; had failed ~her. 'He shonia have been there by her aide i whatever hap : pened. He ought not to have abandoned.Jker. . No doubt he thought it was more deficMe, ' more honorable, more-Bomething or other ^ and ' that it was his duty to leave her to brave it ' alone. , It must have been one of those',high flown notions of honor that men have. Honor 1 to leave a girl to fight for herself and him alone— bat, no doubt, that was what had seemed right in his eyes. Bee walked up and ; down in the half-lighted passage, sometimes ' almost pushing against someone . going urj or down, waiters or chambermaids, .-OT/Surprised ; guests' . who looked after -her when: she: had : paBabd ? .but she did not take any notice of i went, and 'she heard as she Jiassed, her inptiier's ; door lttrti!esotthds:of ^eacops and' ^iiBheS,ian-3 r iMoulBey's voiceBaying,4*. A little more,' and ' ber.mother'fl Saint replies. Poor .'mamma. ? : Afterall whatever it was it could not be her i affair asItVaslJee'fi. She would4)e'«nhappy ' about it, but not all unhappy. She had the others, who .were all right. She had papa. It ; would not shatter her to pieces even if one of -the children -was to be shipwrecked. .It was the shipwrecked one only who -would -be* broken , to pieces. For the first time in her life Bee felt the poignant sensation, the .. jealous pride, the high desolate satisfaction of suffering ; the others could all eat and do the ordinary things. She was- elevated over all that, silent as on a Peak in Darien. She felt almost a kind, of -dreadful pleasure in the situa tion, smiling to herself at 'the sounds of her : mother's little meaL She could dine while Bee was miserable.' :They could -all dine, Charlie [which was natural), Betty, even Aubrey.^She had no doubt that he too must be seated, feel : ing as a man does that : dinner must go on I whatever happens, at the table downstairs. : After a while, which seemed a long time to Bee, Moulsey came out with the tray. She was Btartled and exclaimed under her breath at the appearance of the girl walking up and down in the corridor — ' I did think you would have had the sense to go and join the others, Miss Bee.' Bee was too much uplifted, too distant on her high pinnacle of martyrdom to . make any reply, but when Moulsey ventured to add a word of advice to the effect that she -most hft carets!. of her mamma and nob weary k&-™&b;&UV;)&onB;, arid, she so tired' and so ?^afe^^B^&shed; fortii aU her heatb of in digQat^^^^^he -hsS 'eaten her cutlet, it ? '^CtPtliOQ^^^EP1 ' ' 'I should think she may - ' 'ftnftwfpp TwyjfinBRtiHiBfl, ,~ * ? ?: ?.-?'' ?*? x f- ?..». \ ' 'Oh,' cried the inaid, who had the privileges : of an bld.servant - 'You have got a heart with ; out pity. You are just like your papa !' ; Bee^wept past her into the room, where poor ~ ' Mrs. Kingsward, who after all had eaten but a ' morsel, sat lying baok in any easy chair await ' ing ,tfie dreadful conflict which she KhewVa3 coming. Poor lady, she had lost all her bright neap, 'that pretty grace of the young mother among her grotm up children, which prompted so many compliments. She lay baekTiri her easy chair, feeling as she said 'any age' — as old as any woman on the edge of the grave, not ? knowing how she was to bear' the' onslaught ; that was coming and how she was to say what had to be said. He had borne it far better than Bee— poor Aubrey, poor Aubrey, whom she must not call Aubrey any mora He had not denied anything, hie had fallen as it were at her feet like a house that had been undermined and had no sound foundations, but .Bee was different Bee was a tower that bad founda tions—a girl that was' able to stand up even to papa ; and why, why had he not come to give . forth his sentence in his own way ? ''. ? Bee came forward flashing into the light in ; that white frock which shone, and -'with those eyes that blazed through all the netrtral tints in the room. She did not sit do wn^, which would have been a little relief,' but seized a : chair and stood with her hand upon the back, leaning upon it. '. ' , 'I hope, mamma,' she said,- pitiless, ' that '.you liked your tea and eat something— and that you are better now.' - -: ?' i 'Oh, Bee !' cried the poor lady. If there is one reproaoh more dreadful than another it is ? this of being able to eat when you ought to be :t)verwhelmed with trouble.1 Mrs. Kingsward i could seaioely keep from crying at tbe imputa tion. And Bee, I fear, knew that it was the unkindest thing that could .be said. ;-' ? : . ? ? \- VJ^ow, jnamma,' she - resumed 'almost ^stonily, 'ip;is time that you ahould -tell me :?? what has happened.- We arrived :here all-]uite : happy-r-it is -just an hour* ago -'^—-^ - Here ?JBee'jj ' voiob rfiook a little,' bull. 8be ' com ~manded it with an effort. -'::'*I ran'' up to 'dross for dinner, %nd when I -came back in about ten minufces-I fbnnd you and Aubrey-^-wIthybur^letters-^ooking'als 'if ^you ':'. 'had both been dead and buried while Iwass away. You wouldn't answer me and he- never ' said a word. .You had done something to him in that little time to make him turn away from me and yet you will iot tell me what it is. Here I am alone,' eaid Bee once more -v?ith a quiver in her voice ; 'Aubrey oughts to be : ;etanding by me.. I suppose he is haVilig -his: dinner downstairs, too, and* thinking Bp ?more of me.-. I just «tand alone, nobody oaring m all the world. What is the meaning of it, mamma?': ? ^ \ ' ? -/-:.. ' 'Bee, you are very hard upon me. And poor 'Aubrey, he is having no dinner, of that I am sure.*- j. ? ' ? ?'.-?-? '? ^' ; . - \- *-' You called him Mr. Leigh downstairs ?' 'So I did, and eo I must,' and all of us; but I cannot have yon speaking of him like that, -. !poor, . poor fellow, and just for this once ? , jOh, Bee, my darling, don't stand and: look at. me sol I would rather have died than say it ^iUier-tohimor to you. Your papa' has been %earing.iidQn't know what, andheJias changed his mind about Mr. Leigh altogether »nd says it must 'nob be.' ' ?-; ' What must not be?' 'Oh, Bee! Oh, don't take it so hard! : Don't look like that ! Your— your— engage- mettb, my - darling. Have patience ;. oh, have patience. He had heard something. Men pear things that we would never hear. And - hadeesn'tdeny ife See.r Oh; he doesn't deny jit... I had a hope that he would ^contradict it jattonce and flare up in a rage like you aud say : . it wasn't Jbrne. -Bat he doesn't deny it— poor. |wy, poor boy ! Arid rafter that how can I !?.''?* W^P ^engagement*? flaW ^Bee in » ^faoaree voice. \ She had beeh.staring at her mother as ' in adream-^only . partiallyifaearmg, not under Etanding at allthe rest that w»s said. -'My engagement ? He gave his cpnsent. It was all settled. Yop would not allow us till the letter «ame, bub then it wag consent.'- : : 'Yes, yes, dear. That-- was tat first. He consented at first beoause— and now it-appears he has heard Bomething— someone -has called upon him, he has discovered ; -and he writes' to ine that it must be broken off. Oh, Bee, don't think my heart doesn't bleed for you.' I think it will kill me. He Bays it must tie broken 'off at once.' ?' ' ? ????:?:???.. ?'.. : 'Who says sol' eaid Bee in her passion. ' He ! One would think you were speaking of God— that can. say ' Yes' to-day and. 'No to morrow and build- things up and' then snatch them down. But I -will not have it ! - I am . pot a doll, to be put -in one position and then in another as anybody pleases. My engage ment.! It is mine: it is not his.' ;--: ?-. ' ' Bee, think ; it is papa you are speaking of. Dear, I feel for you — I feel for you ; but so does he. Oh, my darting, you don't know what you are saying. Do you think he would do anything to make you' unhappy-df^he could, help it? Your papa, JBfe$, who cas.been so good : to you all your life,?'. T- - ' '? '-?'* 'n.«* ' - ' -''' 'I do not care ixow good he hoB%een. He is not good now. Sow will it barmiiim ? He - sits at home and he thinks he can do as he pleases, but not with me. It is my affair more ' than it is his. . He thinks he fcari break his word and it doesn't matterr-bat I haveigiven my word and it.udoes matter. .Break my en gagement !' cried Bee, her yonng.bpsbm: swell mg, the sob rising in her throat that would eoon choke her voice. 'It is mmeand not hie, and nobody in the world shall break it. You can tell him so, ™«»ima.- or I will write myself and tell him so* I am not a wax image to take any shape he pleases. WhoisJhe. fie), is not God^ — ' 1 . . ? 'Bee— he is your father ? -*';i . ?. : - .-. ; 'Oh, my father! Yes, I. do whatever he tells me.' If he says 3, am to fetch anything I . run like a little dog I haye ndvier been dis obedient ; but this— this is different. . I*m not a child any lpnger ; and mamma! not for him, nor' for any one— not even for you will I take back my wprd.' ; ' ?? - 'Bee i yon make me say a great deal more than I meant to say. I thought you would have been a good child and Been that papa . must know best. My poor, poor little girl, there is woree behind. Mr. Leigh, whom we all thought eo much of r— ' 'Aubrey,' Bee managed to say, though for no other word could, she command her voioe. 'Darling, he has deceived us. He is not What he seem?. He has done, oh, so wrong there have been things — that you ought never to hear- — ', . ? : 'Stop!' said Bee. She had to speak 'in monosyllables with her laboring breath: 'Wait!— not— not behind his; back.' She rushed to the bell and rung it so wildly that both waiter and chambermaid appealed in alarm, with Moulsey rushing in calling for a doctor and that her. lady was (going to faint. Bee .pushed the woman aside aud. turned to the waiter, who stood anxious at the door. 'Mr. Leigh!' she cried impatiently, 'the gentleman— who was with UB;/till htm— to come-here.' ? ? 'The tall young gentleman?' said the waiter. ? ' No— the other ; tell him he is to come here —instantly — this moment.' . - 'I beg your pardon, miss,? said the man. 'The 'other gentleman? ^e have been gone away .this half -hour.' .. - . ; ', 1 .,;.'. 'Gone away!' ahe cried. And it seemed to Beeithgt theLbjflok^ess pf^oWq^jc.loBed;. over set and the room and every thintc in it. She did not faint, oh no, no such happiness, but everything grew dark, and through the -dark she heard her- own voioe speaking, speaking, and did not know what Ehe said. (To be continued. J 