C " i .: "/ , . " ' WeSt F4l>hiN0T0i-a&paypr8;, sre.'nuxiqiis -to, '. know why the; streolsand main roade in-: that part of'Ithaoa Shii'b oannot.bo kopt in as :'go6d' mpair as those of jed, Hill. ; Tim littest lirillinnt. ploce of engin'eering -in . - : 'the shape of road, forming pan- be seeu/on,: , 'Latrobe tpirico; V,! ' :: : Not long ago the lthacn Shii'o Council -had ; ; plsoed on. .tho t sa\d. torraoo . about; O.inchos-pf . rubfjish, but W course of time 'that' was) qll , '.blown away, tho butbhoris shop' taking -iiriHho ; : biggest portion. But not to ho oufcdone tbooounoil have'-agaiu oovored portions of the said terrace by another : ' 6 inohoatyl drain swoepirigs./ . . ? '' Thebe is a gmnd ohanoo now for tho newly : : formed'-. Ratapayero'. Association to showtho puhli(f that thoy are a'rcaRy live body.' '- ElTnERTO.tho qupstion.haa beon lV?hat sjiirii1 ' wqdo with bpr boys ?: ' - ' ' / -; -.' . ' . xne-grcatproblem now is What Bhallbe dorio" 'with steam rollers ? ' . . This -is,:a .'difficulty: -which . even 'our' .wise,- ogislators arc unable to ovorbomei - i i- i '' Like the dove, there seems ' to be no placb of. rest-fpr the'steam roller. . Many wwa. tho. suggestions-made for dealing; with tho objootlonablo maohinel . . Morbhead thinks a gravo might hod'ig .'intp '. wllich it could. ho lowered overy night. ' . r- What about tho ghost -of tho steam-roller if this' were done? . ' '- ' -'- Could a horse, he, fpnnd .who would. /pass' over that sopulchib without pricking his'.cars:?! Barlow on tho other, hand ithinks the irbn: monster might travel throughout theoqlbny 'for. thb 'purposo of educating tho timid. horses. .V|: , SuasLY'this political' economist doesn't wish! to create' another fat billot. S.oxeone has suggested that one of the worst -, things that could happen is to hang up- tiiot steamroffor. .... -.! He argues that nothing short of a snort from tho . mnohino inspires the omnibus - horaes/ behind whioh he- rides, to go at anything beyond a funeral paco. Billy Sitytu spoiled the "buttering' : business yesterday- -,. ' . .! He hud a porting, ahot at tho Government- commoroial traveller who is bound for Eugiatld shortly. , : . A contractor who has the honour to fill1 a i scat on the Booroodabin Divisional' Board, is ' of the opinion that 'all works should be lot .by- - tender. . . > - ' ' Tras is only natural of course. ! The chairman, howover, thought a small' job - just under £40 ,'shoidd he done by the'boord's". employdcs at daywork. Hz carried his point by one vote, and thd board's men will do the work. ' , Dr. Lowbon, who was one of the saved off tho .ill-Bated Bokhara, found himself oii ah island with 22 others after tho wreck. , " Of. tho 22 besides himself about 16 were lasoars and Chinamon. . ,.'' Conoesndtq the former, he expressed the hopo to a representative of the Hongkong Telepraph' that should he ever again he hi; a similar, situation with lascars, he would, have his six-shooter in his hip pooket, and a short stiok in his hand. From tho momont they reached tho shore, .he arid,- thoy behaved more tike rabid hogs than human beings. Tee language at his. oommand was insufl fioient to express his feelings on lascars, so he had to. content himself by describing them as' ' " A sisousitno, unmanly, cowardly,, brutal gang of contemptible rnffians," whose "fiend: ish. yella and overbearing attitude' were ; f in: eoneoivable." ' \- In tho programme of a recent organ,, recital the opening ahoras" was printed as ".Unfold-ye Mortals.Everlssting," instead 6f ." Uhfoid ye. Fortels Evorlasting." ' "t; ': Lady Jebsey hints that Australia wants writers whose pons can run readily on other enhjeots than Forkes, the colour of a Gover nor's hair, ..or the want of covering on another vtoe'regal-ocoiput. ..-.i'.a ..... As to vivid desoribers there still remains in ' ' the fifth eontihent a few auotioneers; patent medioine men, and mino boomers who would be hard to beat anywhere. ' Dr. Luoas was in Australia, about five, years ago), and; he afterwards wrote a book on Victoria ' that had o good sale in Canada. It is 'said that Now Zealand will be written up by tho dootor -when he returns ; from his present-tonr. \- Tee Seamen's Union of 'London -protest against tho employment of lasoars on ocean going steamers. Ootobrd ou ihooo vcwitttij riyc any disad vantage that may attach to lascars in times of .crises because of tho tractability and snhordiria- . tion of oolonred crows in every-day voyaging. London ChroniaU says " "We, tho people : of Great Britain, are not aB thoso baby-farming Australians are." Tub entry of women into religious work is . boing brought home to us in Brisbsno. - Some particulars have already been given of tho 'Sisters who are to work iu St. John's parish. - » In . the. Ann street Froshyterian ohuroh yes"- ' torday were two ladies on their way to mission ' work. Queensland retains the labour of one.;, .our - castorn empire will bo "benefited hy that of .the other. - , : ... Bote ore young, oornost, and' endowed >rith t good physique. , Bur ,. fancy hearing of " cold , missionaityoa tho sideboard", at a missionary meoting, of all. plaocs!. 