STRANGE AND PECULIAR PRO CEEDINGS. During the last few days a representative of the Melbourne Herald has been placed in possession of some very peculiar circumstances attending the trial of Deeming or Williams for the massacre of his wives and chil dren. He has a more than interesting tale to tell, and the outcome should undoubtedly be somewhat satisfactory to the lady in the case, of whom ibis not too much to say she has been misled and ill-ad vised by her alleged friends and latterly made a prey of by those who should surely have known better. One would have thought that during her enforced residence in Melbourne Miss Rounsefell, who was engaged to marry the prisoner, would at least have been free from advice against her interests on the part of those who are supposed, and have been alleged, to be her friends. She has been made notorious in all parts of the colony, and it is difficult for her to walk abroad in the day without recognition of an unpleasant character. This should be enough for any woman to have to bear, but berlv friends" (or at least) some of them) appear to think otherwise, for they have spared no effort to make her more notorious still. The circumstances are shortly these: A little while after Miss Rounsefell made her very extraordinary and sensational statement to Sergeants Considine and Cawsey she made the acquaintance of people who professed to take a great interest in her, and loudly announced their desire to ''shield her from the world's cold storm." As in all cases of those who too loudly protest, there is reason to believe these individuals were not so disinte rested as they would have it supposed. Up to -the trial, or rather the inquest at the City Court, it was generally thought there was something genuine about the noble-hearted sentiments expressed towards the young woman in her sore trouble. Afterwards, how ever, the line of conduct changed very materi ally. Deeming was continually writing long letters to the lady praying for an interview, and finally pointed oat that if she would only come and see him he would dedicate the history of his life to her. " When I have com pleted this history," he wrote, "it will be a wonderful story, and to you, my dear Katie, it will be worth five or six thousand pounds." This seemed to be what was wanted, and from that time onward Mies Rounsefell was importuned to go and see the prisoner in the gaol. The prospect of procuring a large amount of money was dinned into her ears in cessantly, and then her "friends" suggested that additional interest would be attached to the confession if she assured Deeming of her undying love-that she Btill adored him, did not believe in his guilt, and would marry him if he proved his innooenoe. The veiy thought of Buoh a line of condnot was naturally repug nant to Miss Rounsefell. and time after time the overtures were rejected with scorn. Then came the action of the prisoner, in which he threatened to sue Miss Rounsefell for the £20 .sent to her to pay her passage across to Perth when she was under the supposition that by this time she would have been enjoying the sweets of married life and domestic happi nesB with her affianced "Baron Swanston." The young lady did not know what to do. When she arrived in Melbourne she had some money apart from this, but this had been obtained from her in the shape of a loan. She was left friendless and penniless, but in this condition afforded opportunity for for warding unworthy devices. She was not spared, but heard all the unpleasant things, said of her aotion in retaining the money. She could not get it back except under certain con ditions. The first proposal, we believe, was that she Bhould permit herself to be " on show" at the waxworks. We don't for a moment suppose the genial Phil Stuart would agree-to the proposal just to put money in some one else's pocket, but it was rejected at any rate. Then a sort of trumpcard was played. Mr. , of one of the Melbourne papers, who had been so kind, so generous, and so thoughtful, would find the money if Miss Rounsefell would agree to pretend that the attaohment between her and the creature in the prison cell had been unremoved, and so that she could get hold of the prisoner's confession, which was to be sold to the newspaper repre sented by Mr. for a good round sum. For some days this proposition was laid before her, and then it became known that one of her advisers was in the paid service of the journal referred to. There is no necessity to mention names, because we do not for a moment suppose the journal we refer to would countenance such ignoble practices. At any rate, Mies Rounsefell, pressed into a corner, consented to go and see Deeming, but no further; but here again we have the truth of theold adage, "The best laid schemes o' mice and men are apt to gang agloy." In the prison that morning the lady met the Rev. Mr. Scott, and pending enquiries, she was bold to call on another occasion. By this time the rev. gentleman had seen to the bottom of tlie scheme, which would benefit some persons, but sadly compromise the girl. She was warned of her position, and advised not to follow the bad advice. She then Baw her position very clearly, and consented not to go near Deeming or have anything to do with his biography. However, inasmuch as the prisoner was restless and disturbed, it was suggested by Mr. Scott that a letter should be written through him to Deeming, which would have the effect of quietening him. The rev. gentleman was asked yesterday by a reporter of the Herald, what was the object of this letter. "It was merely to quieten him. I told her to keep anything like sentiment out of it." " Theprisoner," said the reporter, "declares that it was a very loving letter; that she pro mised to love him for ever, and that her inte rest in him remained unchanged." "Oh, no, she did not write anything of the sort. I did not dictate the letter to her, but some friend did. I certainly think she wrote too much, but in no way did she compromise herself." " " Can you inform us what was in the letter, Mr. Scott?" " Not word for word, of course ; but it was diplomatic. She intended to convey to the prisoner that she had not cast him off alto gether. The letter was torn up five minutes after I read it to theprisoner, and that was the intention, so that Miss Rounsef ell's name would not be dragged before the public unne cessarily. Tfce letter would not have been written but for my advice, and it was only written to quieten the prisoner." "It is stated that you told Deeming not to tell Mr. Lyle anything about the letter?" "Yes, that is true, and the object was the same as that in which the letter was torn up. I wanted to save the girl from further annoyance. After this letter she received one of an insulting character from Deeming, and I then advised her to send one declining to hold any further communication with him. This communica tion Miss Rounsefell sent in due course, and no further communication has taken plaoe. My sole object was to prevent the girl following bad advice and becoming the dupe of any unscrupulous persons." This, practically, is all Mr, Scctt has to telL In approaching the prisoner behind the back of bis solicitor, so to speak, there is little doubt the rev. gentleman acted most im properly, from the standpoint of the legal Srofession, and he was at once written to by tr. Lyle for an explanation of hisconduot. At the same time, while the action maybe open to question, and it iB doubtful whether it was good advice for Miss Rounsefell to write even a "diplomatic" letter to Deeming, and " not casting him entirely off," credit will be given to the gsol chaplain for acting with the beBt intentions. Who paid the £20 if the lady herself did not have it is a question likely to be asked after reading the foregoing, and the simple explanation is that it was paid by her sister. Since the arrival of her Bister in Melbourne Miss Rounsefell has not been subject to the annoyance put upon her before, but even yet those concerned have not despaired of obtain ing her adherence to a scheme whereby Wil liams is to be informed that she will love him for ever if be will give her the history of his life, which in turn is to be used as others may direct. More than this, if rumour be at all correct, there is good reason to suppose that at the proper time a second " confession" by the accused will appear, and all that is neces sary for the public is to receive it with a large amount of suspicion as to its genuineness. THE HON. WENTWOBTH CAVENAGH-MAIN WABING.-1This gentleman, accompanied by his wife, six daughters, and one son, left by the Ballarat on Wednesday for England, where he iB about to take up his residence at Whitmore liall. He is a son of James Gordon Cavenagh, who was army surgeon in the Royal Staff Corps, he served in the army for thirty-five years, and went all through the Peninsula War, wbilehe was also present at the Battle of Water loo and the taking of Paris. He was a brother of General Sir Orfeur Cavenagh, K.C.S.I., lately deceased, who served in India in various campaigns, and who, as Town Major of Port William, iB supposed to have saved Calcutta during the mutiny. He was afterwards for several years Governor of the Straits Settle ments. Another brother, General Gordon Cavenagh, served in various actions in China and India. The Hon. Wentworth Cavenagh-Mainwaring was born at Hyde, Kent, on November 13, 1822. He was eduoated at {Ferns Diocesan Sohool, County Wexford, Ireland, and when eighteen yearn of age he left home for Canada, where he was en gaged for some years farming. He subsequently relinquished this occupation and started ooffee planting in Ceylon. Afterwards he tried to obtain a Government appointment at Caloutta, but was unsuccessful. Attracted by a Govern ment advertisement he came to Australia, arriving in Melbourne in 1852. Thenoe he went to the Bendigo diggings, and from there he came to South Australia and started fann ing at Peachy Belt. He stopped there for several yean, and in 1863 was elected to Par liament with the late Hon. Ii. Glyde for the District of Yatala. For nineteen years he remained in the Legislature without a break, and during that period he was Commissioner of Crown Lands in the Strangways Ministry, and Commissioner of Public Works in the Administration formed by Sir Henry Ayers. In the elections of 1881 he was rejected when the Hon. D. Murray and Mr. Gilbert (the present member) were elected. On February 16, 1865, be married Ellen Jane, the eldest daughter of Gordon Main waring, an officer in the East Indian Civil Service, who was at one time Inspector oi Police in the early days of South Australia, and on the death of his father, Admiral Mainwaring, he succeeded to the family estates in Staffordshire. On the death of her brothers without heirs Mrs. Cavenagh-Mainwaring became entitled to the estates and adopted the name and arms of Mainwaring. THE R.M.S. BALLAABAT. -On board the Bal laarat, which sailed oil Wednesday were Lady Herbert, who bas been on a -visit to the colonies, _ and Mr. Wentworth Cavenagh Mainwariiag and his family. There were also about 116 men- of-wars-men, together with 23 officers, from the warships on the Australian station, who have been re lieved from service there. Amongst the con signments for England is a quantity of gold coin from the other colonies, as well as two par cels of silver-lead bullion, including 25 bars from the Broken Hill Proprietary Mine. AUSTRALIAN NATIVES' ASSOCIATION.-At the usual meeting of the Australian Natives' Association, held on Monday evening at Beach's Booms, Mr. V, L.. Solomon, M.P., delivered an address on " Coloured Labour in Australia.^ He traced the history of the " Chinese invasion" of Australia, and spoke upon the Chinese question generally, kanaka labour, and the proposal to introduce ooolie labour into the Northern Territory. In con cluding he said that while for the southern colonies coloured labour was absolutely un necessary, in the tropical parts of Queensland, the Northern Territory, and Western Austra lia it was necessary for agriculture, and should be admitted for that purpose only. The labourers, however, should be admitted under terms of service for periods ranging from three to five years, and the employer should be bound over to return them to tbeir native land when the specified term was concluded. CAPTAIN TOLLOCH AND THE WOLLOMAI.-On Monday iCaptain Tulloch, master of the schooner Wollomai, was proceeded against at the Port Adelaide Police Court on two charges laid by the Secretary oi the Marine Board. The first was that he unlawfully allowed tbe Wollomai to go to sea without being properly equipped, but on a technical objection the information was dismissed. The second charge was that Captain Tulloch unlawfully allowed the schooner to go to sea after the service of a provisional order of detention, and on this information he was fined £10 and costs. COMPLIMENTARY.-On Saturday evening last the employes of Messrs. S. Marshall & Sons assembled at Mr. A. C. Quin'a Music-rooms to bid farewell to Mr. P. A. Howells, who was leaving the firm's employ after twenty three years' service to open business on bis own account. Mr. J. F. Wood, who had been a fellow- employe of Mr. Howells for over twenty years, on behalf of those assembled presented him with a handsome gold pencil case, which waa suitably inscribsa. In doing so he referred in flattering terms to Mr. Howells's business ability, and to the very pleasant relationship which had existed between him and his fellow-employes, a senti ment which was endorsed by Messrs. C. H. Taylor, A. Lake, and W. H. Broadbent, all of whom wished Mr. Howells prosperity. The recipient suitably responded. A FICTITIOUS CLAIM.-At a meeting of the South Australian Branch of the Royal Geographical Society held on Monday a report was read from Mr. W. H. Tietkins, late of Adelaide, who at the request of the South Australian Branch recently visited the Liverpool (N.S.W.) Benevolent Asylum to ascertain if George Gibson, one of the inmates, really was what he claimed to have been-one of the members of the Giles Expedition of 1873-74. We take the following from the report:-"The man gave bis name as George Gibson, and followed the calling of gold-digger and prospector. He has never been in South Australia, and is sixty-four years of age. The Gibson of Giles's Expedition of 1873-4 was named Alfred Gibson, and, I think, a native of South Australia, and if alive would not be much over forty years of age, and had always been among stook. These facts prove con clusively that he was not what he represented. In addition to this I put several questions to him myself-to describe Mount Olga or any part of the Musgrave or.Tomkinson Ranges, but without any satisfactory reply. George Gibson was perhaps in Western Australia at the time, and the name being identical with his own the incidents of that journey may have been read by him with Bome interest. Becoming conversant with the subject he led his associates to infer that he was the man, hence its appearanoe in the Bulletin of the 13th ult. George Gibson maintains that he was out with 'an Ernest Giles, who called himself an explorer,' whom he left when 600 miles from the settlements, wandering for five months by himself before reaching any white men, but even this, in my opinion, would not stand a searching enquuy. It may be taken for granted that Alfred Gibson, the companion of Ernest Giles, lost his life when returning to the Rawlinson Range after leaving Giles near the Alfred and Marie Range in 1874. In con- j elusion I may add that I was under the im- | pression that the asylum at Liverpool was one for the insane, in which case iti were more feasible for Alfred Gibson to be an inmate, for he would not be entitled to the advantages of an asylum devoted to tbe aged and infirm." THE TBEASOBY BILLS.-On April 20 the Treasurer announced by advertisement that he would be prepared to sell Treasury bills on and after April 25 at par. The scheme was very cordially reoeived, and it has proved an unqualified success, inasmuch as applications have been sent in for £600,000 worth of the bills, although Mr. Rounsevell desires to dis pose of only £350,000. As a rule the pur chasers of Treasury bills are limited in number, the wealthy classes monopolizing them, but in this instance nearly 100 persons in all parts of the colony have forwarded applications, repre senting Bums from £100 upwards. On Monday the Treasurer advertised in the evening papers that no applications would be received after 5 o'clock that day, the success of the bills then bein? beyond all doubt. Each bill will be dated June 1,1892, and it will be payable five years after date, and transferable by delivery without endorsement. Interest at the rate of £4 Us. 3d. per centum per annum (3d. per day for every £100) will be paid quarterly on the first days of June, September, December, and March, and such interest will be calculated from the date of payment of the balance of the purchase-money. GRAVING DOCK COMMISSION.-Messrs. G. F. Hopkins, M.P. (Chairman), A. McDonald, mission appointed to enquire into the question of constructing a graving dock in South Australia, together with the Seoretary, arrived in Adelaide by the ex press train from Melbourne^ on Tuesday morning. The Commission visited Sydney and Melbourne, inspecting the dock3 at both places, and collecting some very valuable evi dence. In both cities the Commissioners were treated with the greatest courtesy by the Minister at the head of the department control ling the dooks, and every facility was given to the Commission, to ^further the object of their enquiries. OFF TO BROKEN HILL.-The scarcity of work at the Wallaroo Mines (says the Wallaroo Times) is induoing several miners to leave for the Hill. They say that the water difficulty will soon be over there now that winter is so near, and that therefore the prospect iB better than if they remained here. Among the latest departures is that of Mr. John Carroll, who as President of the Kadina Branch came pro minently before the public during the late strike. THE HINDLBY-STREET STABBING CASE.-It trill be remembered that on Saturday evening, February 6, a serious stabbing affray took place in Hindley-etreet, opposite to the Galatea Hotel. A row bad occurred in the hotel, and following this a quarrel ensued between a negro named James Blood, who had been playing a banjo in the bar, and Thomas Elliot. During the row Blood drew a knife and Btabbed Elliot. The latter was removed to the Hospital, where he remained until a few days ago, Blood in the meantime being in the custody of the police, a charge of unlawful wounding having been preferred acainBthim. On coming out of the Hospital Elliot expressed his desire to withdraw the charge, but the police authorities would nob consent. On Tuesday afternoon Mr. Pater heard the case and committed the negro for trial. TAXIDERMY.-The late lamented Indian tapir, who passed his life so quietly and in offensively at the Zoological Gardens, contri buting unobtrusively to the enjoyment as' well as instruction of visitors, departed this life some weeks ago, and bequeathed his bi coloured hide to the Adelaide Museum. Mr. Beasley, the Government Taxidermist, took the animal's epidermis in hand, with the result that he has produced a counterfeit presentment of the deceased, which is so very natural that, but for the varnished plank of kauri pine ujxin which it stands, the tapir looks exaotly in "hiB habit as he lived," like the ghost of Hamlet's father. The tapir was not enjoying very good health towards the end of his existence in the flesh, and in his restlessness he rubbed off some of the short stiff hair covering his hide. These bare patches Bhow the cuticle under neath, and in the stuffed version rather help out the illusion than otherwise, The speci men of "our only tapir" will shortly swell the natural history collection in the Museum. Mr. Beasloy has also reproduced a whole family of dingoes in the most natural atti tudes, from that of the alert old dog to the pert pup. If any country folk to whom the wild aog is a nuisance rather than a cherished curiosity, as it iB here, would send down a spe cimen of a thoroughbred dingo the Govern ment Taxidermist would no doubt be very grateful. People in the back blocks do some times forward birds and other creatures, and they are always freely acknowledged. THE ELECTION OP BOARDS OP ADVICE. The Inspector-General of Schools has pre pared an unofficial schedule relative to the late nominations for the election of members of the School Boards of Advice, which shows that in sixty-eight districts the required number of persons have been elected, or that there is an excess which will require an election. In nine districts no nominations were made, the centres being Gawler, Kangaroo Island, Moonta, Morgan, Quom, Terowie, Thebarton, Wasleys, and Wauka ringa. In seven districts, namely-Gumeracha, Hindmarsh, Melrose, Mount Barker, Port Wakefield, Redhill, and Teatree Gully-only two were nominated; and in six distriots Burra, Clare, Crafers, Elliston, Hawker, and Petersburg-only one was nominated; while in the Adelaide District only four were nomi nated, although six were required. The election will take place on April 30. IMPBIBONMENT OP AN INSOLVENT.-The final hearing of the case of William Inwood, Manager of the local branch of the Anglo Australian Bank, which stopped payment in August last, came on at the Insolvency Courb on Tuesday morning. The granting of a certi ficate was opposed by Mr. C. F. Fenn on behalf of Mrs. A. Trehey, of North Adelaide, to whom Inwood was indebted in the sum of £100. Inwood was the Manager of the Anglo Australian Bank in Adelaide, and came over to Adelaide under engagement with Mr. Staples, the Managing Director of the Bank in Melbourne, at a salary of £300 per annum. Mrs. Trehey was one of the customers of the Bank. She had deposited £300 at the Bank for twelve months in January, 1601, but the following day Inwood persuaded her to with draw her deposit, and lend him £150 on his personal security alone at 12 per cent., and deposit £150 only. This was done, and the arrangement was that the money was to be paid back at six, twelve, and eighteen months. When the first £50 was coming due Inwood borrowed £130 from Mr. C. Drew, and paid Mrs. Trehey her £50. Just on the eve of the closing of the Bank Inwood got an overdraft of £80 from the institution. Mr. Commissioner Russell, in passing judgment, said that the whole cir cumstances surrounding the case were of a most dishonourable character. The insolvent had really appropriated the money from the Bank, which be called an overdraft, to his own use, and be had borrowed the money from Mrs. Trehey without any reasonable expecta tion of ever repaying the debt. He thus came under the charge which Mr. Fenn had laid against him. He had served forty days in gaol on an unsatisfied judgment summons for the same debt, and now he would grant him a second-class certificate, and order a further term of imprisonment for six months. Inwood was formerly connected with the Oriental and Federal Banks and the Metropolitan Building Society. THE MUBBAT EIVEB FISHERIES QUESTION. A eood deal of feeling has been excited in the Murray districts owing to the action of the Government in taking stepB to prevent the indiscriminate use of nets and other articles for fishing which are contrary to law. The fishermen have, it is alleged, been precluded from following their calling, although the river is swarmed by fish that are fit for netting, bub cannot be caught in sufficient numbers by the ordinary method of hooking them, because in this process so much time in wasted. The law is very imperative on the subject of using nets and traps, and in con sequence of the strong opposition which has been raised to the action of the Government the Acting Commissioner of Crown Lands has decided to take a short trip up the river, and call at several places en route for the purpose of taking evidence. He left Adelaide on Thursday afternoon for Goolwa, where he will board a river steamer and prooeed to Morgan, from which place he will return by train. Mr. Coolev is accompanied by j three or four members of Parliament whose districts abut on the river, and some of whose constituents are affected by the present strict observance of the law. The trip will last four or five days. THE CHIEF JUSTICE OF NEW SOUTH WAMa. -The Chief Justice of New South Wales (Sir Frederick Darley), with his eon, who is his Associate, and some members of the New South Wales Bar, came from Broken Hill by the express last Saturday morning, where they had been attending the Quarterly Sessions. On Saturday afternoon Sir Frederick, in com pany with His Honor the Chief Justice, viewed the Intercolonial University Boat Race. The visitors leaf t for Sydney by express on Monday. Sir Frederick J Darley, the Chief Justice of New South Wales, with his son, lefb Adelaide on his return ta Sydney on Monday afternoon by the Melbourne express. Sir Frederick arrived on Saturday morning from Broken Hill, where, in his judicial capacity, he presided at the Quarterly Sessions of the Broken Hill Court of Justice, THE LATE MB. JAMES COOKE. - Oar KingBton correspondent sends as the following: additional particulars OOHOGruing the career of the late Mr. James Cooke, who died at Kingston early last week:-"Mr. Cooke was born in Glasgow in 1813. At the age of twelve be was apprenticed to the wholesale grocery business in Greenock, and at eighteen entered' the shipping firm of Messrs. McOracken, Jameson, & Co., at Liverpool. In 1813 he> landed in Adelaide, and became a confidential, clerk to the late Hon. John Baker. Alter a: time he joined the firm of Acraman &0o.t and shortly after was taken into partnership. In 1855 he sold out to join bis brother Archi bald in pastoral pursuits at Wellington. Re turning to Scotland in 1857 he manned in 18fS3, and in the some year came back to South Aus tralia and settled at Kingston," THE LATE MRS. BEATTIE.-A Truro Corre spondent writing on April 22 states:-"The funeral of the late Mrs. Beattie, of the Truro Hotel, took place to-day, and was attended by a large number of persons anxious to pay their last tribute of esteem to their friend. The deceased lady had been a resident of the township for nearly thirty years, and during that time she had by her kind and generous disposition created a large circle of friends, to whom the sad news of her sudden death came as a severe shock. To the poor and needy she was always a true friend, and no appeal for aid ever met with a refusal. In cases of sickness she was foremost to give a helping hand, and she was suddenly called away on the threshold of a neighbour's house, whither she had gone for the purpose of sitting up all night with a sick young person. Mrs. Beattie was twice married, and leaves six children (three sons and three daughters), four of whom are married. The funeral service was impressively performed by the Rev. W. H. Newbould. THE LATE MB. GEOBGE SMITH.-The late Mr. George Smith, who died at Encounter Bay on April 19, was one of the oldest resi dents of Victor Harbour, where he built the Victor Harbour Hotel in the early days of that township. He was seventy-seven years of age, and arrived in the colony by the ship North in 1859. He died from the effects of heart - disease somewhat complicated with another disorder. He leaves a widow, a son (Mr. W \V. Smith, of Enoounter Bay), two daughters, twenty-nine grandchildren, and four great grandchildren. About sixteen years ago the deceased gentleman retired from business, and bad since resided at Encounter Bay. THE LATE MBS. E. W. ANDREWS.-We re gret to chronicle the decease of Mrs. E. W. Andrews, who expired at her residence at Glenelg on Monday morning, April 25. Mrs. Andrews, whose maiden name was Margaret Elizabeth Hunter, was the daughter of Mr. Andrew Hunter, of Loch Rennie, Stewartry, Kirkcudbright, N.B. Her early life had been spent partly in the south of England, where she was intimate with the family of the late Bishop Uenison of Salis bury, and partly in Lisbon. Miss Hunter came out to South Australia about 1851, and after a residence for some years in the family of Dr. Mayo she became in 1861 the second wife of the late Mr. Edward Wil liam Andrews, one of the proprietors of the Register. Following tbeir marriage Mr. and Mrs. Andrews lived for a time in Tavistock Buildings, Bundle-street, and after wards removed to Glenelg, where Mr. Andrews - bad built a cottage residence, whioh was sub sequently considerably enlarged. Some time after Mr. Andrews's death in 1877 the deceased lady travelled for a year in the other colonies, meeting with a coach accident in Tasmania, from the effects of which she was never en tirely free. Since then Mrs. Andrews lived at) Glenelg, her growing infirmities preventing her more and more each year from joining in society. For the last five years -her step-daughter (Mrs. Frew) had lived with ? her and attended to her declining health. The loss of Mrs. Andrews will be deeply felt by her wide circle of friends, as well by the poor and the charitable institutions, of which she was a very liberal supporter. The Andrews Ward at the Home for Incurables, he Andrews Wing at the Convalescent Home, >nd the Andrews Homes at the Cottage Homes, North Adelaide, will remain as monu ments of her wide charity. St. Peter's Church Glenelg, also owes much to her liberality. The ftained glass of the east window (in memory if the late Mr. Andrews), the pulpit, the prayer desk, and the bell were all given by her. The Andrews Mission-room at St. Leonards, Glenelg, erected as a thankoffering f or tin escape from a serious acoident in 1885, is a .oken of her anxiety to promote the religious welfare of her poorer neighbours. There is no one in the colony whose house was more freely opened to the calls of charity, from whatever quarter they were made. Tor the last three years Mrs. Andrews had been subject to a suc cession of attacks due to the partial failure of the action of the heart, and the immediate cause of her death was effusion on the brain. The funeral took place on Wednesday. At 2 o'clock in the afternoon a memorial servioe was conducted in St. Peter's Church, Glenelg, by the Bev. Canon French, and afterwards the funeral cortege proceeded up the Bay-road to the_ West-terrace Cemetery, and the oak coffin which was covered with wreaths and flowers, wae lowered into the family vault, where the - late Mr. E. W. Andrews lies buried. Canon French, assisted by the Bevs, T- Field and G. S. Bowyear, conducted the service at the grave. Amongst the mourners were:-Mr. F. B. Andrews (stepson). Masters F. E., H. W., E. H., A. A., and P. H. Andrews (grandchil dren), Sean Marryat, the Rev. Riohardson . Beid, Drs. Faterson (Colonial Surgeon), Mayo, Wylde. Phillips, Elliott, and Singleton, Messrs. J. H. Finlayson, R. Kyffin Thomas, O. Day. J. Fisher, F. J. Fisher, J. S. Soott, T. Giles J. F.tProctor, R, Smith, J. Crowe, A. Bonnin,. W. S. Douglas, O. E. E. Sabine, E. W. O'Halloran, and W. B. Sells, The Mayor of Adelaide (Sir, F. W. Bullock) was unable to attend, being detained by a special meeting. UNLICENSED CLUBS.-The adjourned appli cation by the S.A. Allgemeiner Deutscher Verein for the return of a quantity of liquor seized by the police came before the Police Court on Tuesday. Mr. Pater Intimated that if the counsel could agree upon the faots of the case it might be taken on to the Supreme Court without delay. Some evidence was called, and after hearing it tbe P.M. said that he considered that tbe club was managed in a regular way, and was a bona- fide one. Having elicited that expression of opinion from tbe Benoh the counsel secured an adjournment eo that they might confer and draw op a. case for the Supreme Court. THE PHABMACEUTICAL SOCIETY. - This Society, which has been in existence since 1886. and which has done good work' on behalf of pharmacists in this colony, has recently altered its by-laws and regulations so as to make July 1 the beginning of its financial and business year. Tbe new rules have been duly incorporated and registered. The eleotion to be held at an early date will doubtless in troduce some new men to the Council, and as Mr. F. E. Grundy, the President, who has held that position for many years, will retire owing to his appointment as President of the Pharmacy Board, it will be necessary to elect) a new President. 