WHY ARE STRIKES PROLONGED? The American Manujacturer of September 9, published at Pittsburg, contains the follow ing interesting and suggestive article in refe rence to the looal iron strikes, under the head ing " Why are the Strikes Prolonged ?":— '* There iB not a labour contest in progress at ■any iron or steel works in the Pittsburg dis trict in which the men have a ghost of a chance cf success. Duquesne is in full opera tion, chiefly with the old workmen. Some 2,600 men, chiefly new men, are at work at ! Homestead, turning out aB good material as was ever made, including armour-plate that 1 passes inspection. At Thirty- third-street old workmen are refused places, their positions ihaving been filled : while at Twenty-ninth street the mill and forge are both running fairly full. Shoenberger iB in operation, despite the strike, with more than half of his old men. At Beaver Falls no attempt has been made to start, but there will be no trouble to operate the mill when the condition of trade justifies the effort. "And yet, notwithstanding every one of these works, with the exception of Beaver Falls, is in active and successful operation, at every one of them there is a strike in pro gress, according to the laws and action of the Amalgamated Association, which holds that until it ohooees to say that a strike is ended it is still going on. " Under these circumstances, with those mills running, why are these strikes pro longed ? Why continue strikes that out off all hope of any of the strikers who remain out ever [obtaining their old or any other posi tions at these workB? The men certainly realize the condition of affairs. It is an insult to their intelligence to believe that they think they have anyfhopeof success. They had at one time, or they would not have entered upon these Btrikes; but those who have re mained loyal to the commands of the Associa tion have seen their positions filled by others. At first they honestly believed that the skill required was such that men oould not be readily educateC to take their places, and that the Amalgamated eo controlled skilled labour that no man who had the skill to do the work or to teach others could be Becured. Possibly some of the skilled men still oberish these beliefs, but the public does not. The best evidence that these beliefs are erroneous is the fact that production and shipment go on. It is true, no doubt, that some bad material is made, and that some that is shipped may be returned, that some men about the rolls and furnaces are injured, but did none of these things happen before .Tune 30? Was no bad material made prior to that date; no men faurt ? The belief that these new men cannot ■operate tne wonts muse De given up, unplea sant as this acknowledgment must be, juat as the belief that the old nailera were necessary to the running of the Wheeling Mills had to be abandoned. The more intelligent workmen realize this. Why then are these strikes prolonged'! " One reason is that certain men still hope that they will ultimately secure their old posi tions and at the same time by continuing the strike maintain their standing with the Union. They know that the manufacturers dislike change of workmen, and that they prefer old and experienced men, and the hope is that when the trouble iB over the places will be theirs again. No doubt, things being equal, the manufacturers do prefer the old men, and no doubt it is very expensive to educate new men, just as expensive probably as it was to educate the men who are striking, which was done by these same manufacturers, but at most of the works most of this expense has been incurred, and with every day's work the skill of the new men increases and the expense decreases. Tbe old men must also remember that when these men are taught there are two skilled where before there was but one. If it is true that there are but few men who could fill tbe most highly paid jobs it is also true that there are but few such jobs to fill, and ■when the new man fills it what will the old ■workman do? There is not another such job for him. " Again, while some men have hope that, though they continue to strike, they will ulti mately get their old positions, there are others who know that all hope of re-employment is gone. These will gain nothing by a close of the Btrike, and can justify ite existence only by continuing it and talking loudly of ulti mate suooeBs. All of those who know their old positions are lost insist of a necessity upon tbe continuanoe of the strike, as it is only during its existence that they will get strike benefits, and meagre as these may be tbey are better than nothing. ''But these are minor reasons. The obief causes for the prolongation of tbe strike are two. In tbe firat plaoe, to close the strike would end all interest in it, and with bo many of tbe strikers under arrest, and with their trials and all of the expense of the same near at hand they cannot out off supplies. The strike mnBt continue until these trials are ended, and acquittal or conviction is secured. It is an absolute necessity until these trials are finished that the strikes continue. It is only by their continuance that funds and publio sentiment can be maintained. "Further, neither tbe leaders nor the con servative portion of the rank and file dare ■suggest that these strikes, especially that at Homestead, be brought to a close. It does not make any difference who brought on the strike tbe cool heads must end it, and it will tax their judgment and skill to 'let go.' Too many rosy predictions, too many boundless promises have been made to allow the great masB of strikers to permit the strike to be ended at this time unless it gives them their old placeB. A blatant fool, if he be very blatant, can Btart a labour contest. It re quires a courageous, wiBe man to end it, and even then his courage and wisdom may not save him. We speak advisedly when we say that tbe abuse visited upon Mr. I<rick would be honied praise compared with that that would be vented to-day upon any one who would go into a Lodge meeting of strikers and advooate declaring the strike at an end. A prominent gentleman of this city, a well- known friend of labour, recently suggested to a pro minent member of the Amalgamated Associa tion that be make an effort to close the Home stead strike. Tbe reply was an_ intimation that hiB life would be at stake if he did so. We know it to be a fact that again and again when Conservative members have in the Lodges opposed strikes, or have advocated ■declaring them off tbey have been met with threats of bodily harm, tbe usual form of reply to tbe suggestion being an intimation to 'knock off the head' of the offender, or to 'throw him out of the window,' using an epithet in designating him that we will not repeat. We have also heard that an officer of the Amalgamated Association went armed for two years after advising the closing of a strike and helping to bring its end. " These are some of the reasonB why the strike is prolonged. This iB why tbe leaders do not dare say, what we believe they realizt, that the hope of success is gone. It is a fear of the result to themselves and to others that keeps them from suggesting and ordering an end of the strike. " However, the end must come, and the day when the strikers not only realize the situa tion, but give voice to it, is not far away. The Day of Judgment' is coming." 