:RELIGIOUS. Mnuc interest will be felt in. WVs loyan otllodist circles (.ays the Leeods ercur/y) by the announeoment that the R.ev. Charles Kelly .has dis-, covered some valuablo mhnuscripts which have the original copies of the most exquisite lhynins .Twriitten by Charles Wesley and.other memnbers of a family largely gifted- with poetic genius. Several volumes wero found the othler day in the Methodist book room, and it may be that after careful sifting some hymns may be there that havo not yet been printed. The handwriting is in the. woll known, clear, neat styloe of the poet, and lovers of 3Methodiil relics Wvill be delighted to have a look it such compositions as 'Lo! On a Narrow Neck of Land,' and ' 0Come, "Holy Ghost, Our Rearts Inspiro.' It is supposed the documents were pur chased by' thie late 'Thomas "Jackson from Charles WVesloey, jun. This is not the first discoveroly made by iMr. Kelly. NoT long ago he found the account-book, in which are recorded; with Johnm Wesley's signatures, several paymbntsi he'had madoinr con nection with the bookroom. WhVleyan relics have been recently increased, and Methodist visitors to London will" find itm worth their while to speid a few. hours at 'the bookroom, where there is an accumulation of treasures bearing on the eighteenth centhry revival. The New Zealand BRaptist Ulaion'has again engaged Rev. T. Spurgeon as an evangelist. Rev. S. Chapman, of Melbouirir, is expected back ant the early part opf 1893. The Baptist denomination in Eng land has over 1400 ministers who are total abstainers. Rev. E. Price had a trell-deserved ovation at his send-off from Bathurst (N.S.W.). Mr. Hugh Diison, of Sydney, :has given £1050 as a nucleus to a Susten tation Fund. The New Zealand Baptists have raised £1105 for their centenariy mis sionary effort. The N.S.WV. Baoptist Union propose to form a Home Missionary Socie ty in connection with the union. Mr. G. P. Barber, of Stayvood, WmTarrnambool, has been elected priesi dent of Victorian Baptist Union. Rev. W. Ross, of t~he well-known Cowcaddens Mission, Glasgow, is on a visit to New Zealand. Mr. Ross is an ardent teetotaller. The wind6ws of the Gowrie Creekl : Presbyterian Sunday-school house (Q.) have been smashed in several places. A neht, substantial bridge, Berected':by the iesidents:oVr wanter-. hole for'the convenience: of the chil dren attending: the school, has also" been wiecked. Tennysonis hymn, .Cro ing the Bar,' has:-heen secuiedd for the new edition f .thef'rooee Church of:Scot land's ' Home and' School Hminal Al doudit 'as to the 'P·ioo;r?; d to in it has been set 't-1.e",? toLe'te1,i' from'his son; who sayshi§ father was pained to learn that adnyone. couild:. think the reference was to his dead son- or to Artlhur Hallam. Pilot; being spelt with a. capital, showed that Chirist was meant. And the 'dark' referred to the Valley. of the Shadow of Death. Rev. J W. Robeots:A.T.S., of Mil dur (Vio.), his resig?ied the pa's torate of the church, the.resignation to take off ot at the end of-tlho year. -An interesting service was held in Collins-street Church, Melbourne, re cently in connection with the dedication. of Miss Lodge, of Hobart, to mission. work in Salem, India. The Rev. P. S. Young, of the 'Primi tive Methodist Church, Woll6ngong,. has been lgain unanimously invited by the congregation to remain another year. * Thee are over 1,000,000 'Sunday scholars; and teachers in connection. with the Wesleyan Mothodist Church in England. Rev. E. A. Scot?, of Ashburtoh (N.Z.), is to: succeed the .Rev. H. Cocks at Syderiham (N.Z.), while the Rev. T. Hamilton, of Ple.asant Point, succeeds Mr. Scott'at Ashbuirton. About 1000 ' guest's"f attended a garden party given by the l ishop of •Melbourae on Tuesday. " Dr." Kdnnion, Bishop of Adelaide, completed the 10th year .of His colo nial episcopancy on eVodnesday.; ' ; 'RIev.. J;' W. . Dobenham,, for somi years incumna?nb 't 'df' the ei','chuilh,. Bowiual, 'htas resigned. on account of ill-health. 2 Rev. ed. o... V. indin, ofx 'All Saints' Oathedral, Bathuirst, has' accepted the curacy:of "St" Mars; D': arling Point, , ;Sydnfley .;:: ''..;: :j. -. . ; : . . . ;', :. idReev.;J..?pran, .B.A., who 'has only: ' recently retuirned fromix Edglandl', has sig e'd'his ckhargei at Camden.: : .' ey..,. i M'Intyroe', of Chiina, say " that sin a;shorti time a pi'oportion£ , the pope of :Manchuiria win piobably. be Oii~hstians' . ' Ph Re . R W Clarhe-o ennedy. irctor .of. o the: .loveland pi:ishi,. Bris banio, hais resigned his charge, anid the resgnation' has beea accepteil by the: Bish:p,',to tialce effect on ,14th lDecenm- ; beinexf,''. It is .probable thait Mr.' Kennedy i: ill: shortly receive ..an; ap pointmenit in the Northern, diocese. ;: The University of Canibridge lias: ' conferied the 'degiee of M.A. on 'Reev. E. A. Bollingham, of St. Clemeniit's , Marricville. . ' .. *Onehucidrod societies' of Chuistiian Endeavour exinsts withini th'.' bound aries'of Melbourne, withinoeirly .4,00'0 " members; while withini the imetro politan'area are five fully 'or anised local unions. ''. " The Rev. J. Macphe 'bn has re turned from visiting thl 'reforimatory for boys at.Lytton;, uenriland. Madame Antoinette: Sterling says - that since she became a totil abstainer, her voice has hardly over beeon ffected *. by cold or sore throat. 