92. General Items. The manager of the State Asylum for the Deaf and Dumb in Indianapolis, U.S.A., has made the important discovery that out of 27 boys and 29 girls, all except three were able to hear and' the phonograph. Zambesiati and With regard to " Australian Men of Mark," a Sydney bookseller states that this work has comedown to the following prices :—The five guinea Fields edition, 6s 6d; the two volume edition, published ited at six guineas, 15s. The ksdorp. mere cost He of binding amounted to about 12s 6d per copy, and tio one regrets it. naland ction. In the Assembly on Tuesday, Mr. Slattery, for the Minister for Justice, in reply to questions by Mr. Willis, said that the prisoner Bertrand had now been in gaol 25 years 11 months arid 21 days. No promises for his release had been made by previous Governments, but the . .case was now under, consideration* The finance committee of the Sydney City, Council have, decided, that the old fish market at Woolloomooloo be taken down, and that the city architect be instructed to prepare plans for the extension, of the new markets on the site, together -with proper cooling chambers. Along the Columbia river a kind of bread is made from a moss that grows on the spruce fir tree., This moss is prepared by placing it in heapSj sprinkling it with water and permitting it to ferment. Then it is rolled into balls as big as a man's head, and these are baked in pits. A party of 20 young men of education, practical experience, and considerable means, recently arrived from England, are in treaty with a gentleman in Tasmania for a section of land for timber manufacturing combined :with farming- They have bought a saw-milling plant and intend to test the home trade. They are the pioneers-of a co- operative association. The names of the Eev. James Spurgeon, younger brother of the late.Eev. C. H. Spurgeon, the Eev. D. W. Moody, the American evangelist, and the Eev. Archibald Brown are mentioned in connection with the • succession to the late Eev. C. H. Spurgeon in the pastorate of the Metropolitan Tabernacle. Last week while the boiler of the river steamer Iolanthe was being trans- hipped to the Helen Nicoll at Grafton the foremast of the latter snapped about the centre carrying, with it the derrick. The the top of the. mast went through the lining, at the bottom of the steamer's hold and went within a couple of inches of the iron-plating below. One person narrowly escaped injury by the faliing boiler. When a Spaniard eats a peach pear by the roadside wherever he is, he digs a hole in the ground with his foot and covers, the seed. Conse quently all over Spain by the road side- and elsewhere,, fruit in great abundance tempts the taste, and may be picked and eaten by anybody, This.fruit is a great boon to the tired travellers. An English manufacturer, while examining the texture and quality of some bandages found on a mummy, was astonished to find that the ar rangement of the threads was exactly like that which he had patented a few months before, and which he had supposed to be an independent invention of his own. There's nothing new under the sun. One person leases a tract of land nearly 2000 acres in extent, within three miles of Dubbo, for £39 per annum. The local Sleeper Getters'- Union are about to have a petition presented to Parliament to have the land thrown open for selection, and already over 400 signatures have been obtained. A ghost has driven the workmen from,the-730-foot level of the .Anaconda copper ,mine at Butte, Montana. They declare, that the ghost, which was a former, foreman of the mine, perches itself on the timbers in the stopes .and gives orders as to the manner in which the work should be performed.. The death is noted .of Mr* Eichard Glasson (father of the Eey ; G. E Glasson). Deceased, who had been resident in the-.district of Orange.for 53 years, died at his residence, near Guyong, on Monday. He was 80 years of age, and w^a^ nativeof Mount's Bay, Cornwall. He held the Commission of the Peaqe.fpr 25 years, and was one of the oldest and most respected residents in the district. A Georgia farmer, <whosays he never could succeed in testing, melons by the sound emitted when thumped, hit upon the expedient of.scraping, off the,thin green rind with his thumb nail. If the edges of the skin on each side of the scar are left ragged or granulated, the melon is ripe. But if the edges of the scar are smooth and even, the thumb nail has dug into the rind in places, and the,skin does not come off clean; then the melon is green. The test can be made,on two melons, one ripe and the other green. How easily fires may be caused was illustrated a few days ago at Ballarat (Vic.), when the transparent glass knob on the handle, of a lady's umbrella focussed the sun.'s rays with such effect as to set fire- to her dress. Strangely enough, when picknickixig the following, day the silk of the umbrella was set, an fire in a similar An exceptionally heavy crop-of oats is reported on the property of Mr. A. B. Prebbleton, Canterbury (N.Z.) The oats are over six feet high, and an estimate of the crop-may be gathered,from the fact that 1101b. of the best" Manilla twine, or an average of lOlb. to the acre, were used. It may be added, in further illustration of the heaviness,,af the crop, that the stookers were unable - to make wages at 2s 6d,per acre, and struck for higher pay. At the Anglican General Sj'nod of New Zealand, during the discussion on a bill extending the right to women,to vote on parish .meetings, the Primate said ihat if the bill were read the second time-or went into committee he would resign.. JEfe would refuse to be a member .of a church which would make itself ridiculous in the face of Christendom by acting counter to what had been the tradition of the conduct of the church from the beginning up to the present. It is seldom nowadays that anything that will bear reproduction is. said in a political discussion. Both sideB-r-Free Traders ancl Protectionists—are . so dreadfully in earnest that humor is-out of the question. The following, however, will show that,wit isnot altogether dead—that it only sleepeth. While speaking to .theilectors of East/Sydney the other night, the Attorney-General, Mr. Barton, said "the secretary of the Free Trade Society has resigned because 4 the creature of Protection is dead'. I would like toask him, if Protection is dead, how he accountsfor theexistence in office of a strong Protection Ministry." " Oh, that is only a resurrection ,'' answered someone in the crowd " Eesurrection, my friend," replied Mr. Barton, 44 you must remember, is the beginning of immortaHty."— 4 4 Will Honeycomb" inBuhlo Dispatch An Adelaide writer Mis -this .about the late Major O'Halloran,. who owned O'Halioran's Hill, Mount Barkerway, S.A. Near the boundary of his land^ was a permanent well, mi^cb. used by travellers. What 44 riled" the Major was that teamsters frequently left the slip-rails down, thus making stock liable io stray.; At last... being s jletei<mined to shut off the supply, he erected a notice board, bearing; the legend 4 Major O'Halioran's well." When next he visited it he found-that -some; waggish drover had elaborately added., a postscript " Glad to hear it. Hope Mrs. O'Halioran's well too." Mr. Duncan Cameron, of Springfield, ; New Zealand, has this year reaped the largest grain crops ever, yet grown by one individual in that colony* Besides several hundred acres of oats,. 6000 acres of wheat have been harrvested, the average yield of which will reach nearly 40 bushels per .acre. Twenty-two reaping- machines were! employed in cutting the crop, the daily area harvested being .about J 50ft f^ acres. Over 200 hands were engaged" on the farm during the harvest reason, and all this enormous crop has- been secured in first-rate condition. A post-mortem examination held on the body of a boy seven years old recently, at Pontefract, England, disclosed the fact that although the stomach did not contain any poisonous ingredients, yet there were traces of certain irritants, and the intestines were much inflamed. It was- shown that on the day of his death the boy had eaten nothing except bread, biscuits, and hot tea without milk. The tea had been placed in the- oven to warm. The jury found that- the deceased 44 died from a shock • produced by drinking hot tea without milk." A serious case of snakebite, occurred at Elmshurst, 17 miles from Avoca, Victoria. Mrs. Loas,; wife- : of a settler, picked up a stick, to throw>at a rabbit, and felt a sting* She looked down .and saw a tiger , snake gliding away. She was bitten < on the fourth finger, of, the left hand. She,. placed her finger on a block- and.=asked. her husband to cut it off, which, he did with an axe. He then • drove his wife 17 miles , to Avoca. She:, was-in a state of collapse, but.. Dr. Johnson applied the.strychnine-, remedy, with success, and the ,woman ,is now > out .-of danger. /Lt the Narrabriv Quarter- Session on Tuesday John Hill? alias Keen, was charged with ' the -abduction-of a girl, aged 16, Margaret Ethel Kelly. The case- caused a, sensation < on-acGount of the painful depravity exhibited-by the girl. The prisoner, - who - was undefended, made -a vehement appeal to the jury. His Honor- summed up very- shortly, pointing- out the most hazardous^ position- the- prisoner would have-been in if the'girl -had been^ one year younger. A sad feature, in" the case was the prisoner's wife-was dying in the hospital-when he left tows, and she died two days afterwards. The girl exhibited complete- callousness throughout the proceedings. After giving her evidence -the-Judge ordered her removal from court tiU>- the ^conclusion of the ease, when-, he sentenced her to three months' for contempt of Court. A new process has-been discovered for converting maize husks into paper, As the supply of the,, raw. material- in this, country is _ practically^ inexhatisr tible, corn-husks, paper may hereafter revolutionise the (pappr and publ'^jji business, and. the :: new,4n4iwtry M open up for ou£ t fa,rming pqp^l^jjgn use for a heretofore .much despi and much-waited. product. In the Macleay Chronicle. Office ca be seen a sample of .maize which Mr W Scott, of Belmoxe Eiver, sto; eight .months <ago . in -an old' ga8oL__ drum. It-is perfect in^grain aad*<not the slightest sign of weevil ittat,'^ 