\- -r. — — 1 ? Fbobablt few Victorian loans have created each intense interest as that which was successfully- -iloated 'In London on ' Wednesday last. There were very many weighty reasons for: this.' Becent eveDts, which need only] be hinted at, have placed the community, in a position -from which a 11 desire to be relieved as spe'ediiy. aa possible. The pradent and thrifty, the careless and improvident the employer and em ployed, the man accustomed to luxury1 and the. man familiar with narrow, means, have all found it necessary to retrench and economise in these ef-b times of a great wave of apparently active prosperity ; bat the sacrifices due to necessity are none the less . irksome^ and the desire for release frbin their' stern grip is none the less ardent. People are eagerly prepared to welcome whatever promises * return to former actinty, iiot .to say prosperity. As the1 old Latin poet lias it -regarding the. merchant whose ventures have -been £ wallowed up by shipwreck, 'Mox effieU rates in docilus jmttperietfl pati. The public is chafing iib'der the load, and by the pleasmgln tarnation that the purse-Btriogs of British Wealth have been slackened hope r&nd; s energy have revived.' K'eWtb the discovery of a new goldfield, which should poor iU casily obteiaed treasare into the coffers of the^ general ;circn!atidl3 '!at the same' lime that it -should* 'afford a field of mejlfUingoE the Trades-lull, the adyent of loan money is the shortest practicable solution of many difficulties; and the aetioB of thto^ ^asaota&ted.; £anks in com binlcg with the Briiash : press to financially .(lamn the colony . in regard to the flotation of this loan can only be attribuied td» spirifc o£ selfishness and blind indiffinence;to their.own future : ppogeess.,. , v/o ? i. Our b&Jiking; institations were mainly responsible for the creation of the boom; and in suddenly bringing about the, collapse of /that now memor able event, they did a -dufy in about as heartless V maimer Be could he con criTOdV'whUe during the months of distress which! have ensued they have merely chuclded over the misdeeds which have brought gain to themselves while thousands have been ruinedi -Notwithstanding that -their- coiEers sre {oil -to overflowing, 4he -so»w-Iim heen prog^ess ^nd intensify -the gloom which has existed. In our own district we. could relate instances where tipting' advances, which, ktlhe period whenliie ? banks were creating the land boom, wouUT have been readily granted . io clients whose integrity Was considered 1 as rafficient security, have siniw-been refused even when five times £he value has 4jeen oflfered as aecurity. Inti mate enterprise being thereby sup-! grossed — and for what reason still remains a mystery. have saved i many, a man frwn financial ^juin by' 'checking undue ' enterprise ; but ~ by | peremptorily putting on the screw as they have been doing, they have gone ? lo an extreme which has intensified ; the present gloom and greatly die- ! counted their own popularity. - - : However^ with the advent into* the fcolony of the' proceeds of the ^new two -million loanj-for which a -better frioe would have been received but for the action of the banks, we anticipate', a -return -of -brighter -days. - The hanks have no doubt been withholding their money in anticipation of the needs of the Government; but now that the British capitalist has seen the vrisdok and safety of investing his money here, these institutions may be forced to take ?& common sense view of their proper sphere of usefulness by return ing to the former system of advancuig their money to the trader, :the con tractor, and the manufacturer, who wili-in -'return idepesit ample security «od,pay 3i-fair price for the accommoda tion, If this is done, the blessings 6f employment will be spread amongst the. working classes, who under the present regime are being rapidly educated- up to pauperism; private enterprise will receivc an encouraging fillup which will speedily restore the colony to a state of prosperity} and faces that are at present wry from long continued anxiety will ehange to con tentment. Oob ST. KlLDA~rBlENDS will be pleased to note a farther exhibition of enterprise in regard to the printing and publishing offices of tbe.«St. Kilda Advertiter. Form erly we have been content to share the premises of others bnt with the increase of bastness we have fotmd it necessary to establish an independent office, which, as the circular just issued very aptly puts it, will provide the JSt. KH4a Advertiser with a home ot iU own. Besides being an im mense convenience to ourselves, we antici pete that the .new premises will prove an acquisition to our clients. The new office, which is at 209 High-street, near the i Savings Bank, will be under the manage- I ment ot M.r. Charles Stuart, a gentlemen of ' wide experience in a similar line of business, a clever joanialist, and ' one who ' will zealously serve the interests of his prin- . cipals by fcithfol attention to the re quirements of the public. Orders for print ing, advertisements, and literary favore, left at the new premises will be promptly attendee 'to* ana we have no fear but that the latest exhibition of enterprise 'in dulged in - by tfessrs. Crabb and Yelland, the spirited proprietors, will merit . due appreciation and that the new arrange ments will result in the advancement » of the St. Kilda' Advertiser, and the typographical business connected there- . with. That the firm, their numerous clients, and the citizens generally, will be mutually benefited is our sincere wish, and we have no doubt as to the accomplish-' ment of this end. , . An ETEKisg jc&, 'Music, Song, and 'Story**1 will be- given by the. £ethel Harmony Club at the Prahran To wn-hall' on the 28th'inst., in aid of the funds of. the Windsor Independent Church. The club promoting the entertainment possesses excellent talent, and a rare treat may be looked forward to. Tommy Walkeb, the specimen of; sweetuess and light, who represents the: miners of Northumberland in the New Sooth Wales Legislative Assembly, has! been committed for trial on a charge of . shooting a pareon! A' meeting toT-express sympathy ought now to~ 'be The next best way for the aforesaid miners to make fools': of theinselFes AadJhring fiirtber disgrace' upon a once-honored political institution. ; Retrenchment promises to break out amongst municipal councillors. At Port, Melbourne a severe case has been reported, the surveyor having heen reduced from £250 to £200 ; -the - rate collector, from £200 to £175 ; ball-keeper, irora £154 to: £140; health officer, from £100 to £75; *and the inspector of nuisances, from £?o to £50. Truly, Sir. Sbiels is responsible, for a great deal. . 'Is is amubikg to note how coolly .certain of the football enthusiasts of1 Melbourne are glossing over the recent exhibition of hone-play indulged in by a few of the team which visited Adelaide -S^nUy.'' 'The individuals -who disgraced themselves and, the noble game by .their behaviour at anhotel-!n the sister capital' pleaded guilty at the bar of justice and; were fined. Notwithstanding this, the Melbourne Cricket Clsb tries to palm them off as football models ; but their exertions will fcve na .effect, despite, the white-; washing. 1 Bettor 'to whitewash the game, gentlemen! You -can*t make silk parses1 out of a sow's ear. Tbe Pbabban Working Men's Insti tute and the local Board of Advice have been in conflict for. some time past in regard to tbe use of the High-street school, which the board has allowed the institute for some time past on very! indefinite terms. - The caretaker of the' school who collects the rental has had frequent disputes with tbe secretary of tbe institute over the question of finance, the latest bone of contention being caused by' the caretaker charging ' rent during holi days when the institute was not using the rooms. However, to place the matter on a definite footing, it was decided at the last meeting of the board to make a charge of 2s. 6d per night for three .nights in the week, and that the 2s. 6d. be paid prior to operations each:%v£nlng; From personal experience of the .' pay^n-the-never ' principle ' in vogue with this mis-named ftabran Working Men's Jostitate we con* cratulate the.board on its astuteness. ? ;-£u \ :i r.v ^ &-c- rrufC 'I was muoh tWTEBESTED/' writes a cor-, respondent, 'pn seeing in. a recent : issue of ^onr journal -an excellent portrait, pt CounciUor;Evans, of Malvern. The short ikeVbh trf blslife brought to my recollection a circumstance referring to *his family in 1852-3. ? Ju , those years .I .wa^ a '/single young man lodger/ in -sa. bonse in Little Bourke-etreet, Melbourne, the property of the 'father of '-onr ''nb'w -connciiior. ' The -buit^ifi^epinatediof-Conremall.iooms-and a kitchen, the frontage 'being 11 'feet, the rent of which waff £6 ^reeidy ; and on every Monday ^noraiug, Councillor Evans' sister; a dempre but harness-like maiden fit 15, known 1 as - ^liiftie ^-Mary,' AjalleS ' for the rent. After leaving Melbourne, 1 did not, for many years,' see ''Little Mary.* ? When I did agaxn behold her,^ ehe. had grown to tbe proportions of 'a wmale Falataff, her husband being the respected proprietor of *a public house' at &pging; vale, and she could properly be mentioned as the reverse of ? kittle MaryfV' 4 , THE CAOUPfB&D;: ,^ATB COIiLBCTOBS reported avery..sa4.J»tote of things atthe local council meeting on Wednesday even ing., r6heOf,Shetn!hs-H,nly-c^q4t£4 £30 since last meeting, and in explanation gaw an essay on land 'booms, insolvent compan ies in 'liquidation, amaeltod up land l#nks, and broken down -mzlUonaues.^ ?- Se had worked very hard,, he said, but as nobody ?? had any -money they could not give it to - him,- Qe conclude witb anassaancfi that , the law would presently be put in motion i ' to squeeze the lemon.' i \- -TaEBK -is DXBPjjTK between toeOaul fieldjcoancll ancl the Bailway department In-emiaeottos^vitit iB chacge.made hy^the J attj^ f orMztinage works at tte ^Butern .wick'ctation. t3hie.%tnount aought'iziJbe reopvered by tbe department is £65, irhich «B^onndl, -consider -jexorbitant, and eon ,^guenOyjiie secretary wrote to the eom afimoheM asking tfor a reduction ^ an ^mountin som ething like proport^on to the ^iflne of fthe - work done; hota^plywae nemved the council ^eeting oinFrednea^ dfy to titt effert' that no reducti^i what-' ever would be made. Secrelaiy. Joweti ^fas tfaen instructed to place thfe :account intone of his remote pigeon-holes Jfbr ooh ^deationljy a fa tare generation* ^ ; 4. Tbe -JauiiPieu- Council is, to use vulgar pbrweology, ^dead broke^' and nn)«»8 Parliament passes a bill idemnUying. oo.tmciliflM^agatDst_iiabiIity- ^dn the SOtn September,7 the . financial ability of the. officials will be strained to the utmost in transferring loan moneys, splashing around with recoups, and otherwise T studying ja^thmBtte/ tp taake a credit fcalance out'bf a debit one'. Bat notwithstanding this embarrassing state of things the council's plulanthropy. 6tilL burns brightly, and.the unemployed question was brought up at Us meeting on : Wednesday -evening, 1 Firstly, an 'attempt is ' to be made ' to find I oral employment at Jhe Bailway Department's, expense, and the engineer was instructed to endpavont to induce the commissioners . to remove a' mound of red marl from the . ^Caclfield jailway^station j secondly, loftti account No. 3 is -to be milked, or, to be milder, -money* is t to -be 'taken tempor arily ' in order that 600 yards of metal may be broken in the shire by the unemployed. The council is to be commended for its | | philanthropy, but it ? js unfortunately lather too flimsy, and has a fictitious ? appearance. The ghost question . furnished food 1 for discussion at the Canlfield council j meeting on Wednesday evening. Cr. Sharp, whose wife -and servant had been frightened by the apparition, called atten tion to the scare, and be moved that the council offer a reward of £5 for the capture 1 of the individual. Cr, Eirkham, who ! seconded the motion, eaid search parties I were organised for the purpose of suppres sing the vagaries of the ghost impersonator, because women aod children were afraid to venture out at night. Tbe president ruled that the council had no power to ofier a reward for each a purpose, and Cr. Wood suggested that the Commissioner of Police be asked by deputation for increased police protection. He thought to offer a reward would cause the council to become a laugh ing stock in the district, Cr. Holland related how one of our gallant police while out ghost bunting with a revolver was about to fire, when -he discovered, just in time, that the object of his alarm was a bald faced cow. Cr. Biddell said it would be 1 so -laughing matter to the fellow who was | | impersonating the ghost when he was : j caught, as it was a fact that a woman bad j I died from fright, and he would be charged j I probably twlth manslaughter. It was I ultimately agreed that a deputation wait 1 on the Chief Commissioner of Policc to ask ' for extra protection. An episode of a well- remembcrcd | family trouble in St Kilda came up in ! Tuesday's court in a small debt case, Dunstone v. Drysdale for £14 is. Cd. for goods supplied. Plaintiff, a chemist, bad supplied a large number of articles to defendant's wife. Defendant stated that when paying an account a long time ago he instructed come one in the plaintiff's sbop (but whom be could not 6wear to have been plaintiff) to give his wife no goods on credit except on a physician's prescription, and to collect on the day after, it expired ; the husband and wife were separated, and he was giving her an allowance. It was'also pointed out for the defence .that the balk , of the items fa tha account were for cologne and 'other scents, and it was intimated that they were u?ed for ether than their legitimate paiposc. An order was given tor the amount, without costs. One of thb b&nsattoks; of High -street, St. Kilda, this week is the approaching removal of Mr. W. Duncan, draper, from his present premises, No. 276*80, to new quarters opposite the poet-office, owing to expire tion of lease. As the old premises must be vacated within a month, Mr. Dun can starts to-day -with a big and genuine clearing sale, at .which the attraction will be an all-round sweeping reduction in price, with the result that a large variety of bar gains will be offered in every direction. As Mr. Duncan's stock is always a first-class one and replete with novelties and tbe best qualities of standard goods, our lady readers will be on the alert to take advantage of this exceptional opportunity. COOBT XJOOD INTBNT, A.O.F., of fit Kilda, after 83 years in their present meet ing rooms, will, this month, mate a change by removiog to the friendly societies' room at the town hall, this course having been lately decided on 4-y a large meeting of members. In view of the exceptional nature of the occasion, it has been de cided to signalise the event by an extra splash by the way of jubilation. Messrs. Usher, Ackroyd, Ihoms, and Apps have been appointed a committee to make the necessary afrangements. The St. Kilda b&ancb; of the A.N.A, held their first meeting in the room assigned to the friendly societies in tbe toffn balL on Tuesday, wheu. Jhere was a large attendance of members, iand among tbe visitors were Mayor Marriott, Crs. Moore and Stedeford, Mr. J. N, Browne, town clerk, -President Long and Shire Secretary Jowett, of Canlfield, Mr. Fits-, jsimmooi, secretary of the Prahran branch, -andntlr. Crefiwlck^Eecretary of .the Elstcrn wick branch. As it was tbe half-yearly meet-: iog the election of officere was the main busi- 1 ness of the evening, resulting as follows President, Mr. A. Solberg ; vice-president, Mr. W. Kemp ; secretary, Mr, W. *' H. Hartley; treasurer, Mr. A. Apps ; assistant eecretary, Mr. Williams; auditors; Messrs. £emp and Williams; committee,. Messrs. Condon; Manneriog, and Emery. The Hon.' George Turner acted as scrutineer. -?r. A.. Hi. -Moore then gave his lecture on 'Laziness, Loafing, and Larrikjoism:' (a abort precis- of which appears elsewhere) which received an appreciative hearing and a haarfy vote of thanks The evening con-| eluded with some first-rate Australian' native harmony. It was becommendeu to the Canlfield council at its meeting on Monday by tbe public works committee that an offer made by Mr. P. Mcaney as to tbe disposal of .nfghtsoil he accepted. Mr. Meaney was j willing to undertake the night eerrice ^f the sbire on tbe double pan system at 20s.,; to be trenched in on a suitable cite { and it I was suggested that the expenditure be pro*; . vided fbrhy a geneml site. 'Several coun-! I cillors objected to the acceptation fff the offer as tenders had 'not been aalled, and it was resolved to invite competition. | j ' Sbboeant Jotce'b counterfeit pre- i scutment, of which we' gave an account last week, jhss found ,a temporary abiding place this week in one of tbe big windows of Messrs. Martin and Oo.'s draper's shop, High-street, St/ JUlcla. ? Mr. ''Martin, not to be outdone , by Bench and JPress in tbe share tbey .had taken in -tbe pleasant occasion, -cleared out his Manchester win dow. and with much expenditure ' of taste And trouble, prepared an appropriate back*, ground for the portrait with -'handsome dmpsries and curtains, with a plush stand and hangings at tbe back, and elegant sur roundings of vases and nick-nacks, . ibe whole forming an artistic and tasteful ear vironment for Mr. AlUdns' remarkable likeness. . The .-window willM-remain un jdisturbed f or a day or two longer, and it is well worth inspection. . -..;WE;.jcijst .courLntEfeT/ the, Jtabran council on the successful bcoomplishmebt of revision, of the ecaie xf charges for the ose of ihe town haU bufldingp, and we are glad to see that our-euggeelion to xednce. the charges w .-to give the citizens ? greater . facilities to -nse their splendid pile of buildings has been acted upon. Both halls and entire /raite of rooms ?with all AppointmeQts,- fmm' ^0 p»mvfto 8 a.m;,^ Including use during ^Uy 'tir -ifrc-, paration may now be obtained for £H itfs, {nBt^^j)££20. ..The charge tor, tbe large ball fortslls,' with 'conservatory, refresh ment room, etc., has been reduced from $12 19s. to '*£8 8s., and withftut conserva tor from £10 10s. to £7 7s. Tbe whole sca^e h^s been lowered in the same proaprtjau, -to{r tfre pew and old halls, and it has hew decided th^t -ffyould either of tbem Ire, engaged at any.. time for a series Of 1 nights, of not less than: four, a further reduction equal to 10 per cent will be made.'' -In these VAX'S, when the whitewashing allurements of the. Insolvency. Conrt ate. so strong, iitis satisfactory to note. any .little, ?evidoice 'of 'honor and integrityin'con Jiection with-the -ordeaL^The^customary thing now-a-taya'isfor individuals to put on quite an air of honesty after 'Ifixingup* their creditom with the sum of bnefwthing^ in ibe £. ^Wniiametown has, 'however, furnished an instance in proot^of the ? theory that^t°is .tiot Absolutely, ineceasary^ for A'man%» sacrifice principle and honor^ directly he 'bechmes financially ^involv^.^ Afc^Wiiliam Alford, a grocer of thi^; jsuburb, obtained his release from thai Insolvency Ocrart last week, the jadge; aliasing in complimentary woids -^to 2he^ fact of insolvent having waited till he could pay 19s. lid. in the £ before seeking j release. Mr. Alford's conduct Reserves the j admiration ot every person, and we congratn- 1 1at£'W2Ufem5t$wn oh having a man of suchl nobility Dfchatacter. ' Undeb the peesidency of the mayor I Prahran^ the Bev. T. J. Malyon, LL B., 1 7.8^0., pafrtbriof the South Yarra Baptist1 Church, will deliver a lecture in the Prah- 1 ran Town-hall on Monday evening next, 1 c.the- subject being the ' Scottish :Coven anters,'|a theme oa which Mr. Malyon waxes t&th; eloquent and interesting. There should -be a crowded andience in view of ^thepopularity of the-iecturer. ? 'Ax evening with the Committee ' was the title of the subject for the evening at the meeting of the SouthTarra Wesley'an Mutual Improvement Association held last Monday. The senior vice-president, Mr. D. Davies, occupied the chair, and the follow ing members of the committee and officere, viz., Hisses A! BradBbaw, K. Joy nt, and E. ' Martin, aod Messrs. H. Martin, J. B. Pes cot, and A. T. Sharp, contributed a number of interesting readings, those on ' En thusiasm,' 11 What is to be the Universal Language?' a&d; ' Should Woman propose,' being freely discussed by the members. A comfabAtivelt large meeting of ratepayers was held at the Shire-hall. Malvern, on Tuesday evening, -having been convened by tbe president of tbe shire to consider what steps could be taken to aid in alleviating the present distress among the unemployed. Mr.. A. M'EinJey, M.L.A., the Bev. C. J. Godby, Mr. Sykes, J.P., Cr. Enox, the £ev. D. .C'DonueU, and others spoke upon the question, and it was resolved that a fund be raised to aid -those ia need, any cases of distress in Malvern to .have the first .claim, the surplus funds to be devoted to the same pnrpose over the whole metropolitan area* On the suggestion of tbe president it was decided to nominate no committee, but those willing to work in the good cause were invited to enrol their names with the shtrc secretary. A large number of names were banded in, and a second meeting was held last Thursday. i ? ♦ ? I Since his Adyekt Sato tbe circuit, the 1 Bev. P. E. Malliliea, the new pastor of (be ' East Prahran Bible Christian Church, has 1 been quietly but sorely eDgrafting himself in favor with the congregation, which has been '^ortauate in securing a very worthy successor to the Bev, W. G. Lester, who, his friends will be pleased to know, is labouring with much success in his new circuit at the Terricks. The firet public demonstration since Mr. Mallilieu's arrival will take place next week, when the anniversary of the church will be cele brated by a tea and public meeting on Wednesday evening. Various speakers will addrea the meeting.and the choir will render a number of- their most popular anthems under the conductorsbip of Mr. £. Jenkins, To-morrow special sermons will be preacbcd in celebration of the anni versary, the Bev. G. Nethcrway taking the service . it *1 1; a.m.,~: and. the Bev. W. H. Horwell, of Way College, Adelaide, that at 7 pm. In the. afternoon at 8 o'clock a service of song, entitled ' The Waldeusian Exiles,' will be rendered by the choir. Amongst the blaughtebed innocents in connection with the .Gcremiueat retrenchment scheme is Mr. John Hill, head-master of the Fitaroy-Blreet State school, St. Hilda, who, having completed the Government 11 allotted span,' will be called upon to die forthwith, so far as his position as a civil servant is concerned. Mr. Hill is a very successful teacher, and under bis direction the Fiteroy-street 6chool has; greatly increased in popularity. Indeed,' viewing that gentleman either \- mentally or pby6)cisUy one cannot help remarking upon the absurdity of laying down any hard and fast rule in regard to sexagenarianism. A man like Mr. Hill ought to be good enough for another ten . yeans' active service. Bat the .fates have ! decreed otherwise, ? and St. Kilda loses a ? zealous and courteous teacher. The usual meeting of the St Kilda ? Literary Association was held on Monday evening, when a varied programme of I elocution and impromptu speeches was gone ; through, the two most interesting items , being the impromptu speeches of Messrs. i James ' F. Webb and W. Taylor on 'Dreams' and 'Object of Eloquence' '. respectively. Mr. Hall on 44 Temperance,' Mr. E. Machin on 14 Bashfulness,' and Mr. i Sutcliffeon'Theiaad leagae,'werealsoweU ; received ; while among the elocutionists 1 must be mentioned Mr. Andrews, who con tributed ' The Slave's Beprieve,' and Mr. ' E. B. Eobbs, who gave ' The Perilous Ad : venture,'.- The next evening will be de voted to a debate on Freetrade v. Pro tection, in which Messrs. Hollingworthand Shepherd will take a prominent part. The Bev. F. Webb, the energetic in cumbent of St. Albau's Church of England, Armadale, takes a veiy proper view of the question of giving relief to the distressed. He contends that the greatest amount of good will be done by each -parish'1 and each church cariog for its own, as thereby due enqairy can be made into the circum stances of cases seeking assistance' aod imposition reduced to a minimum, la connection with 6t. Alban's parish, a relief movement has been started, col lections for which will he made by the envelope system, each person being supplied with envelopes, which are deposited each Sunday in the offertory plate with the amount of subscription. An enthusiastic committee has been formed, wiih M re. H. Onians as bou, treasnrer, and MiSB Brabner as hon. secretary, and it is anticipated that the movement will do a vast amount of good. Mr. Webb has arranged to attend at St. AJban's vestry on Tuesdays from 2 till 3 p.m., and on Fridays from U to 12 for the convenience of those who have cases of distress to report, A vabibtx bntbbtaixhbnt was held in the new Forester's Hall, South Var/a, on Tuesday evening In aid of tbe widow and orphans of the Xate Mr. W. J. Moore, sign writer, South Varra, who met bis death by an accidental fall. It was origin ally intended that theentertafnmenlshould take the form of a minstrel performance under tbe management' -of Messrs. Jones and LittJewood, but owing to an snfortun-. ate dispute, the entire programme was changed at tbe last moment, this rather onerous task falling on Messrs. G. Sander. 1 son and E. Ford, -who wore fortunate in collecting .in the. short time at 4heir die posal anexceilent talented^ompany.' The programme opened with an overture on the I piano by Mr. S. F. Edwards, Mr. W. Launder following with tbefavprite ballad, j 'The Anchor's Weighed.** Mr. G. Edwards 1 created much -merriment. .wjtb nigger comicalities, concluding with a song and daace, and vociferous applause greeted Master E. Burrows jn his club swinging exhibition. Mr. A. Lampson acquitted himself excellently with a pathetic re citation, while Hifs j?redin was made the recipient of boisterous applause for bur song 'The Prima'Donna/^'Mr. H. tjray was tip top in ' Please Give Me a Penny. Sir,' and Messrs. W. Pooley and E. Riley were dually successful 'with their jsoh tribntions, while Mr. E.' Ford sang a descriptive song, 'Comrades,' and replied to two encores,. „ _Dnring tbe interval the South Tarra and . Toorak Try Society's played 'Selections, in the second part, besides those already mentioned, SfessM, JL, Williams, W. H, Edwards, the Msoteiv IfrrUang, Master'Gbnldihg, -Ben Stevens,, j, l£'#98tpre,, and. Miss Lizzie Thomas, *ppe#rtd and ?-as good as they.;tnake ; The whole1 -wiclu4ed with a comic burlesque by thp fioyal Dramatic. .Company, .entitled 'The -Stage- struck 'Footman,' in which Messrs. 6. Davenport, F. C. -Parker, J. Carroll, and Misses HaU and Temple took part. Tbe proceeds will not amonnt to . more than about £12, but considering the eonire ferjiys already alluded to the result is com paratfygly satisfactory, and credit is due to'all «jonocrned'/or tfee^r exertions in a good causc. '* ' ' Thbbbab® not to-be anytiunday eon jsertein Prahran, so the connctl decided at its .meeting on Monday, although the decision 'was -far^from - being -nnaaimo&aly; ^arrived nt. In. moving the clause in the finance committee^ report, which stated that the council could not see it* way4o grant an application made by Mr.'Chas. sSoc^tfor the use -of thie town *liaU eh iSnnday evenings for the purpose of glving#sacted concerts, Cr. Oement exprest«d hlmseU asJ 'unsjimpatbetically diqxw^ : towards; its ttonpur. - -3r; ^Hnntz, who moved an amend ment lothe effect that the iudl i»e let in the usoal way, said ha conld not seeVhat was to be gained by preventing-persons listmiing to o eacred concert on £ on day evenings. There were many persons who would not go to. church at any price, and would it not be well to give tbem an opportunity ofpasang a pleasant musical evening, tjr, Forbes seconded 'the amend- * to ent, remarking it would be -n absolute advantage^' to society if facilities were given to persons for enjoying the Sabbath in a decorous and rational manner. He ^condemned strict and unreasoning Sab batarianism, and would he' In favor of opening the public library and museum on Sunday. He considered it would be fat 'better if all those persons who pro -menkded Bourke-street -on' Sunday even ings1 were listening to high class sacred music— for his part he would not object to the 'singing of good secular music on Sunday. Cr. Turner interjected that that was where the thin end of the wedge came in. He, however, deemed it unnecessary 'to 'make an oration in opposition ~to the amendment, and a division was then taken as follows For Sunday concerts, Crs. Muntz, Forbes, Osment, Edgcumbe ; against, the Mayor, Crs. Turner, Jones, Davies, Ellis, and Fuller. The amendment was therefore lost, and the finance com mittee's recommendation was agreed to. Mb. W. Asheb, the well-known estate agent of South Tarra. has been successful ina'iawsuit brought by him against Mr. A.*D. Michie, for commission for introducing a Mrs. Todd as a buyer for a farm near Dandenong, wbich was afterwards sold to ber through Messrs, W. B. Looker and Son. It requires a plucky layman to worst a lawyer, but Mr. Asher has achieved the feat, gaining a verdict for the full amount of commission claimed, with costs, Tbb Victobxax police are exasper ated at Mr. Pater, the Adelaide P.M., who refused to allow the extradition of the man Loois Frobm, or Simon, who was charged . at the Adelaide court last week, nnder the | Fugitive Offenders' Act, with having in : July, 1890, broken into tbe house of Mr. Edwin Smith, baker, of High-street, St Kilda. Mr. Pater refused extradition be cause the prosecutor did not leave bis busi ness and journey to Adelaide to identify tbe prisoner. The police contend that this is bad law, for a magistrate, under tbe Act, need only be 'reasonably satisfied that the person before the court is tbe. person named in the warrant.' If Mr. Patcf6 conduct is taken as a precedent by his South Australian colleagues, that colony will ere long become the criminal's sanc tuary. Constable Wilcox, of Prahran, is 6till on the tracks of the burglars, and in com pany with two constables from Kew he made a raid on a thieves' den in Albert Park on Tuesday evening, arresting a man named George Kilfoil and a female named Alice Green on chargcs of house-breaking, while the proceeds of several robberies were recovered in tbe bouse. One of. the inmates, who escaped, was nearly being 6hol by Constable Wilcox, who was about to fire at tbe run-a-way's lege when tbe woman Green knocked his arm up. Ohas. Jean, who bas a small boot shop in Williams-road, East Prahran, and Wil liam Armstrong, both of whom were before the Prahran court last week on a charge of vagrancy, and dis charged, are said to be members oi tbe same gang, who were in tbe habit of meet ing at Jean's bootshop, from whence Kil foil was traced to a house in South Mel bourne, but finding too much attention was paid to him, removed to the house in Albert Park ' where he was arrested. Accused were brought before the South Melbourne court and remanded. Crabitablu ente&taikuekt; promot ing at Prahran hias almost been reduped.'to a fine art, owing to the number of gentle men who are capable and willing to assist in the cause of charity ; and hitherto tbe management of these affairs bas been such as to merit pnblic confi dence. But a few such incidents as that reported this week in connection with a benefit tendered to the widow of the late Mr. J. W. Moore, of Malvern-road, will do much to reverse this satisfactory state of things. It seems that a Mr. G1 E. Jones and a Mr. Littiewood organised a minstrel troup, wbich it was intended should make a tour of the suburbs, the opening per formance to be given at tbe Foresters' ball, South Yarra, in aid of Mrs. Moore. The assistance of s number of well-known gentlemen was enlisted, a committee formed, and the minstrels, under Mr. Littlewood's tuition, started rehearsing, at Mr. Jones' music shop in Chapel-street. 4!bis -is the rock which caused the split, for the committee, on receiving a demand for £2 for the rent of a room used for rehearsing from Mr. Jones, declined to pay, or in any way recognise such an account. Very strong language ensued, the com mittee asserting that it was not ' charity ' to pile on the expense; for such a system^ if allowed, would make tbe 'benefit' to Mrs. Moore a misnomer. Mr. Jones, how ever, insisted on his right to charge the committee for the use of bis premises, and tbe minstrel troup, together with Messrs. Jone6 and Littiewood, were abandoned, Messrs. Ford and Sanderson succeeding in getting together a good variety pro gramme, Mr. Ford devoting from the funds of bis recent benefit, the necessary sum to hire the Foresten' hall. The entertain ment, as altered, was duly held on Tuesday evening, resulting jn about £12 being cleared. , A todng iSAX named John Barden, residing in ATgyle-street, St. Kilda, bad the four fingers of his right hand out off whilst feeding a circular sat? at Messrs. Flat, roan aud Cos timber yards, in Inkerman street, on Thursday last. He was removed to the hospital, where his injuries were attended to, and he returned to his home. Barden is about 20 years of age and would have completed his apprenticeship in about two months' time. His mother is a widow, upon whom tbe misfortune falls very severely, and much sympathy is felt for the family. Tbe well-known batcbcry establish ment at Windsor, &o; long carried on by Mr. J, T.Clarke, and more recently by Messrs. H. Bowden and Go!, bas passed into the hands of the Windsor Meat Supply Company, of which- Mr. A. Pooley is ibe enterprising proprietor. The establishment is, possibly, the largest out of Melbourne, and its popu larity is not likely to wane under the new management, Mr. Pooley being a man of capita), and consequently able to command tbo best bargains in the meat market ; in addition to wbfeb a rule of the company is I to treat customers ins way that will merit a continuance 'of their patronage and Ihe recommendation of their friends. Mr. B. H. Horsburgh will act as manager, and nnder his direction the success of tbe con* cern is assured. In addition to the ahop in question, which is opposite the Windsor railway station, the company have & second shop at 192 Chapel-street Thbee p&ouib;&s; to be a little rexcite-, ment at Malvern in connection with the ensuing municipal elections. Cr. Stillman WiU be . opposed in the Central riding by Ifr, W. H. MicboUs, one of the oldest residents {n the district jwd a good business , man. Cr, Evans, who wps recently elected at a& extraordinary election for the West ern riding, is not likely to be allowed the pleasure of & walk-over in August It is Bteted . that .Mr. Stephen Armstrong, another old identity, will contest the seat At Prahran and St. Kilda the ratepayers are still in. mourning ever tbe.sad death of General Interest. One ob two of our local business men have npbly come to the rescue of the dis tresie4 by contributing goods to their relief. Mr. 4. Foofey, proprietor pf the Windsor Meat Supply Company, dejireg us to Iptitne ate that he will be happy to contribute $ve cwt of meat. No doubt Mr. Hinde, the town-clerk, will be glad to make arrang ments with the generous donor for the distribution of tbe meat Mr. A. Stringer, butcher, of High-street, St. Kilda, is also supplying goods to the poor on the order ot the ladies of the local relief fund. 4'IiAZtXEgS,^joACTffG,*nd tarrikinism ' is thetitleof Cr. A. E.. Moore's interesting lecture recently .. delivered before _ tbe 1 Bankers* Institute sod repeated -before tbe | St Kilda AJT.A. on Tuesday. Laziness he considered was- doe to the high state ofB I modern civilisation and the improved facilities offered by modem improvements, which he illustrated with reference to^ the | decrease of interest in cricket since grounds I were enclosed, as compared vrith football, 'and to various occupations— judges, bank clerks and the like. Loafing was touched on in that definition of .It which is equi valent to 'cadging,** as shown in the I matters of hotel loafing, wedding presents, ' complimentary banquets, aud deadhead i guests, with some curious cross-lights and annotations ancnt tbe giving of mayoral 1 balls. Larrikinism, the- result of tbe two 1 preceding 'Utile weaknesses,' was treated not only with regard to its aspect as it luppeara ln the**' Charlie-oh' class, bnt in the form called by polite hyperbole *' ex 1 nberance of spirits ' in the ' hopper , circles,' as for instance many university I students and the female 41 chappies ' of I English aristocratic life. The subject wad I enlivened -by a large number of amusing anecdote, drawn from life and told with I characteristic gusto) and the ioibles of all classes of society were stigmatised' with ' impartial severity where tbey deserved it, j judicial inflexibility being exhibited towards all grades of offenders, from ' dog- collars ' and tbe heights of fashion down to tbe most flagrant wearers of bell-bottomed l continuations. The lecture seemed much I to the taste of Young Australia who formed the audience, and a hearty vote of thanks, 1 proposed by the Hon. George Turner, was ; accorded at the close. ' Hope defebbed maketh the heart I sick, it is said ; and that long-promised I butoft-shelvcd new Prahran railway station 1 proposal is now looked upon by the majority of ratepayers as a consummation devoutly to be wished for, but, alas, of dubious attainment However, the Prah- j ran council has determined to still keep on I pegging away, and in reply its a request I the Minister of Bailways has agreed to j receive a deputation from that body ou j Tuesday next at 11 a.m. at Spencer-street, 1 and tbe members for the district have been asked to attend. ! Thb Pbab&ak; 3iagzstrat£S bad three j of those no-ticket railway leaguers before them on Thursday. F. \V. Maynard was the first to toe tbe mark, and he owned that he had no ticket when re quested to produce it at the Prahran rail way station, but in extenuation he pleaded he had intended to renew the previous month's periodical, in proof of which he mentioned that he had obtained on tbe first of tbe month a temporary pass. He was fined Is. with 21s. costs. Arthur Ball was found in a first-class carriage with only a sccond-class ticket in his possession, and was ordered to contribute 40s. to tbe revenue with 21s. cost for the delinquency. Wmr Barrage had an expired monthly tickct when demanded by tbe porters to show his authority for travelling on the railways. His excuse was that be had for gotten it was June, but as this was too thin, the bench inflicted a fine of 40*. with 21s! costs. 'Justice ' wbiteb : — - ' Considerable dissatisfaction bus been expressed by ihe stone-breakers employed by tbe Malvern council. The practice of the council iB to pay the men once a fortnight, but this week the wages have been deterred for three weeks. Naturally much annoyance bas been caused to the ' n&ppcrs;,' who are dependent on the small pittance for their livelihood. They complain that it is an anomaly for the president to call a meeting to consider the prevailing distress, while at the same time the conncil leaves the stone nappers without their wages, The sum total does not amount to much, the men receiving 2s. Gd. per square yard, and two yards are above the average bulk of metal broken per day.' [The explanation given by Mr. Fred Hughes, the shire secretary, is a very simple one. The council meets on the first aod third Tuesday in every month, and as this month commenced on a Wed nesday the period between the last and the forthcoming meeting of the council is necessarily three weeks.— Ed]. Thb ALArofl of Pbahran desires us to acknowledge the receipt by bim of the followiog donations in aid of tbe distress relief fund : — Proceeds of e lecture by Mr. Bradshaw ou 1 Anglo-lsraelism,' £7 ; and a truck of firewood and load of provisions from tbe central relief fund Food was distributed last Saturday afternoon at St. Matthew's schoolroom, High-street, and will bcrepented this afternoon from three to five p.m. A meeting of clergy has been convened for next Wednesday afternoon, at the Prahran Town-hall, to discuss the necessity for combined action on the part of the churches. Addresses of families in urgent need may be left with the mayor or mayoress. It was the general opinion at the Prahran council meeting on Monday, when Cr. Turner proposed his motion to give work to the unemployed by encroaching on . next year's funds and asking Parliament to pass a bill permitting a debit balance at the end of thefinancial year,tbatsuch action would likely be misconstraed and taken as indicating that Prahran's finances were not AI, whereas in reality there is now a credit balance cf £6000. Several municipalities 1 that are in straitened circumstanccs are I crying out for an indemnity bill, putting j the unemployed forward as a cat's-paw, j and although Cr. Turner's intentions were undoubtedly good, it is as well, nnder the circumstances, he withdrew his motion. Thb annual installation of officers of the Duke of Albany Lodge attracted a numerous assemblage of Masons at Bro. Bohrsen's Toorak Hotel on Tuesday evening last, the company iocluding 14 W.M's. and many P.M's. A very efficient choir, under the batoo of Bro.W. fl. Williams, P.G.C.M., rendered very effectively the musical portions of the ceremony. The following were tbe officers invested i— W.M., Bro. F. U. L. Gaffncy ; I.P.M., Bro. J. C. Keo» nedy ; S.W., liro. F. F. Cross ; J.W., Bro. C. O, Cutler; chaplain, Bro. C. Tompsitt,. P.M. ; treasurer, Bro J. W. Clapham ; sec retary, Bro. Tbeo. Williams ; director of ceremonies, Bro. K, Cutler; S,D„ Bro. A. E. Odgcr ; J.D., Bro. W. Daniel ; I.G., l)ro. G. Paten ; etewart, Bro. G. Williams ; tyler, Bro. W. H. Bridal. During the evening an acknowledgment of a very handsome present of lodge furniture from Bro. C. O. Cutler, iu the shape of a set of columns, was made. The retiring master, Bro. Kennedy, was made the recipient of a P.M's. jewel in recognition of his services to the lodge and his popularity as a Mason. THE ooktbove&st; which has arisen out of the publication of the Bible Readings now being conducted by the ftev. T- J. Malyon, at tbe South Yarra Baptist Church, was farther continued in our Wednesday's issue, Mr. Malyon having replied at length to his critics. We regret, however, that several ridiculuoas typographical errors were allowed to creep into the rev. gentle man's letters, which, unfortunately, proved too much for ibe intelligent 'comp.' who made it appear that Mr. Maylon ' did not understand the Bible.' How the negative managed to appear we cap scarcely under stand, unless it be that the « comp ' aud proof- reader were indulging in a little of that open confession which is good for -the aoul by expressing their own views. Th'e other errors were in the words ' Aristo telian' for 'Aristotelian,' *- Bathy bins- wise 'for ' Bathybius-wise,' ' spiritual ' for ' scriptural,' and 4,a unique' for 'an unique.' Wc must apologise to Mr. dlalycn tor the annoyance caused by these errors. ' ? ' 