LIFE AT BROKEN HILL. ' [From a Correspondent.] ADELAIDE, Wednesday. There is in London and many Continental cities a number of shops whoso outward appear- ance is anything but attractive. No plate glass windows or tempting array of goods arrest the attention of the passer by. But, inside, it Is be- lieved that these outwardly repulsive emporiums are chockfull of untold wealth. Precious stones, costly silks and bric-a-brac of almost in- calculable value have their habitat in their dark recesses. Nature seems to have moulded Broken Hill on some such principle. Its hideous ex- terior is compensated to a great extent by its attractive interior: or, perhaps, following the theory of natural selection under whose guidance the plumage of the hen bird adapts it- self to its surroundings, so that her presence upon her nest may not be noticoable to her enemies. Dame Nature has so arranged the plumage of the Barrier that a dismal appearance may not attract man, the natural enemy of the precious metals, to the place whero they lie hid. "Whatever may be the cause, this Tom Tiddler's ground of to-day has no charms for anyone but the prospector. The very hill from which it takes its pet name— for its official name is Willyama— is merely a hummock. Standing on this wart like pro- tuberance one sees similar moles and wens on every side, like an old fashioned hayflold with the grass heaped in small haycocks. As far as the eye can reach there is no relief to the billowy monotony . The grey green of the sage bushand mulga covers everything, and the only spot where anything like the green of ordinary vegetation can be seen is in the little churchyard, which, with its white tombstones, throws into relief the pretentious new buildings and courtyards of the gaol the wickedness of man has necessitated. When the corrugated iron or canvas hut of the miner or the sage bush and mulga are not visible there is nothing but dust — not ordinary dust, but dust of the most penetrating and all pervading description. Dust is the prevailing element at Broken Hill. It fills the mouth, the nostrils, the ears of the sufferer. It lies several feet deep in the streets. It enters the open doors and windows with appa- rently greater ease than does the atmospheric air. No chink is too small for its persuasive power. The human palate loses its ordinary ability . It is unable to distinguish between dusty mutton and dusty beef, between dusty champagne and dusty whisky. The human throat requires, as we shall see, constant rins- ing, and one would think that Broken Hill was the prototype of the "dark aceldama of sor- row " of which Gilbert and Sullivan's aesthete sings, where — The earth of a dusty to-day Is the dust of an earthy to-morrow. In early days— for Broken Hill has already the ubiquitous early inhabitant — it is narated that the municipality, in the spasm of enlargement of heart, purchased a watering cart. It was not a new or even a secondhand watering cart, but one whose days of service had long since expired in a happier clime. A few drops of highly mineralised water escaped from it as it pursued its asthmatic course through the dust laden streets without making the slightest impression. For a few days a sad faced man drove it slowly along, but he couldn't staud thoe racket, and, driven to desperation by the flouts and jeers of the spectators, who watched its spasmodic efforts, he handed in his resignation, and ever since the aged watering cart stands un- heeded in the lumber yard, while the dust main- tains its despotic rule. The general prevalence of dust is no doubt largely responsible for the prevalence of bar- rooms. The bar room is the most prominent feature of Broken Hill life. As there is only one club, and that of scanty dimensions, and no public resorts, the rum seller has a monopoly of social meeting places. Hotels, with one excep- tion, in the ordinary sense of the word, do not exist. Bar rooms have in the course of time produced excrescences in the shape of billiard rooms, eating rooms, and finally bodrooms, and these agglomerations style themselves hotels. But the hotel of civilisation where a congeries of sitting rooms, sleeping rooms, reading rooms and dining rooms is provided for the accommo- dation of the traveller, is utterly unknown. Every floor of the so ailed hotel has its bar room, generally the most habitable room in the house. As a natural consequence Broken Hill is the paradise of the bar maid. She numbers her admirers by the hundred, and being gene- rally a very level headed young person with a close eye to business she distributes her smiles with as great impartiality as she does her drinks. The newspapers of Broken Hill have long since appreciated this fact, and chronicle comings and goings of the bar maids with as much gravity as if they were members of the Cabinet or first class murderers. "We read that the "graceful and accomplished Miss Tottie Smith has retired from the management of the bottles and glasses at the Proprietary bar, and will in the future entertain her numerous friends right royally at the Block 10 Hotel," or "Miss Patsie O'Flaherty, so long the cynosure of all eyes at the bar of the Kaolin, is about to retire into private life in order to become the blushing bride of our popular fellow citizen, Mr. Thomas Jones. Good luck to you, Tom, although you have deprived Broken Hill of one of its fairest and brightest ornaments." During my visit I secured a bedroom in a hotel which shall be nameless. The room was, I believe, of fair dimensions for Broken Hill, but one certainly could not have swung a cat in it without dashing out the brains of the unfor- tunate animal. Unfortunately for the peace- fulness of my slumbers there was a bar room close by, under the management of a remarkably popular and athletic young lady. She and her admirers kept revel until far into the small hours of the morning, and they seemed to have returned to the customs of our primeval ancestors, who acquired their brides by capture. For every now and then a rush down the pas- sage, followed by a peal of feminine laughter, would be heard, until the whole party would bring up in confusion against the door of some unfortunate's bedroom. Of course it is the dust that is to blame for all this, and the historian of the development of Broken Hill will miss the most salient point in its history if he fails to give full weight to this all pervading element. But in spite of the popularity of the bar room and the bar maid, the rowdiness of the American mining town is altogether wanting. No doubt enormous quantities of drink are consumed, but the cheerful crack of the revolver and the mad gallop of the cowboy, which lend such a pleasant spice of danger and picturesqueuess to American mining life, are altogether unknown. The well known inscription in the "dive "of the American mining camp, "Please do not shoot the pianist ; he is doing his best," would be as much out of place in Broken Hill as an illuminated Bible text would be in a gambling hell. No one acquainted with the mining settlements of other lands can fail to be struck with the outward sobriety and good behavior of Broken Hill. But thin very virtue detracts greatly from the interest of the place as a curiosity. In the early days of California and Colorado, the picturesque figure of the miner with his shoot- ing irons, the dance rooms with their painted 'pretty waitresses," and the gambling houses so open to the street that the passer by could see the fare, lay outs and roulette wheels, smell the whisky, and hear the imprecations of the revellers, added certain individuality to the town, and amused, even if they did not edify, the visitor. But a Broken Hill street is as still and dull as anything in Holy Adelaide itself, and the faces of the people are as serious as those of a Glas- wegian on Sunday. There is but one general amusement. On Saturday and Sunday even- ings crowds of sad faced men and women per- ambulate the dark and dismal streets. Up and down, backwards and forwards, they march as purposelessly as so many lions or tigers in their cages. The darkness is so complete that they cannot see each other's faces or admire each other's clothes. Yet for hours the dismal, joyless procession drags its weary length along, leading one almost to think that light is no necessity for them. "We know that fish found in subterranean lakes have ceased to develope eyes. Perhaps evolution is also at work on these miners, and children of miners, and that they prefer darkness. It is amazing that in a town like Broken Hill, where there are a gas company and an electric light com- pany, the municipality should not provide some kind of lighting in the streets. How different is this lethargy from the energy shown in a now mining settlement in the United States. A few months ago a settlement was started at Creede, in Colorado, where silver was found in large quantities. A town containing 25,000 inhabi- tants is already built in a canon with perpen- dicular walls of 1000 foot in height, and within five days from the time the ground was broken for the building, the nascent streets were ilu- minated by electricity. Yet there is a gas com- pany at Broken Hill which charges the respec- table sum of 15s. por 1000 cubic feet for their gas, and an Electric Light and Power Company which only finds sufficient business to necessi- tate the use of one of their two dynamos. Tho Broken Hillites will tell you that the municipality is too poor to provide light for the streets, and that the mining companies evade their proper share of taxation. But that such a state of things should have been endured for seven years argues either gross incompetency or corruption in the local authorities. At the present time they have plucked up enough courage to attempt to tax the Proprietary mine to a small extent; but that company, although taking millions out of the town, refuse to con- tribute, and are fighting the question in the courts . At night, whan all is quiet, the rabbits emerge from under the houses and from their other retreats to look for cabbage leaves and such like garbage. They gather round the few private electric lights, and sit blinking by the hour, un- disturbed in their ruminations, even by the few stray cats and dogs, who seem to share the general want of energy. This apathy pervades every- thing and everybody. To the visitor who has seen the mining towns of other lands the want of initiation and self reliance is simply amazing. The history of the water supply question is a good exemplification of this failing. As long ago as March, 1885, a public meeting was held in reference to the necessity of supplying the town with a good stock of water. Ever since scheme after scheme has been floated and allowed to collapse. Influential deputations have from time to time made the long and circuitous journey to Sydney to lay their grievances before the Goverment. Their fate has always been the same. They were either fooled in Parliament or snubbed by the Executive. And they deserved no better fate. Not even the most sanguine Broken Hillite can believe that his town " has come to stay." Such a belief would be totally opposed to all human experience . The great mines and mining towns in America have one after another disappeared, except in those rare places where agriculture has sprung up to take the place of the short lived mining industry. Broken Hill has pro- bably many years of life before it, but that it is like the mercy of God and endureth for ever is a proposition to which no man in his senses will agree. "Why then should the State help with permanent works an ephemoral industry, or help to fill the pockets of greedy non-resident shareholders? Is it not the duty of these rich corporations to make life bearable for the men who are filling their pockets? It is all balder- dash to talk of the present low price of shares. At their first value of 8s. per share, after fre- quent and heavy watering, the Proprietary mine has boen paying at the rate of 300 per cent, a year . Surely such a wealthy corporation ought not to go a begging for Government aid as if they were paupers. The Darling River is not far off, and I venture to say that in no other community in the world would private enter- prise have been so dull as not to avail itself of this perennial supply. At the present moment Broken Hill is exultant because a private com- pany has built a dam at Stephen's Creek. So far so good. They told me that it contained 500,000,000 gallons of water, and was less than half full. Perhaps so. They also say that the soakage was not nearly as great as was ex- pected. This may also be true, but what about the evaporation ? There is no reason to expect that there will be any considerable rainfall at Broken Hill for many months, and no one seems to reflect what the enormous evaporation over a broad sheet of water of very little depth will be. The good people of Broken Hill flock out in hundreds to view the unwonted sight of a sheet of water and never think that most of this muddy fluid will return to the skies and not wait to be pumped into the reservoir above the town. The water in the dam is the color of weak coffee, and the whole solution of mud and water is pumped unfiltered through 10 miles of pipes. The exceedly natural question arose to my lips, " Why is this water not filtered before it leaves the creek ?" and the answer was because there was no money left to construct a filtering basin. Of course it would be wrong for any person not an expert to venture an opinion upon the question of the necessary strength of the dam, but I may say, not on my own but upon the opinion of one who has every reason to speak authoritatively, that the works wore built upon a scale totally out of proportion with what was needed, and that if proper methods had been adopted in the beginning the company would have had lots of money to pump only pure water, and not dust and water, through their mains. Any person who thinks that the Broken Hill water question has been solved by the Stephen's Greek dam seems to me to be either very sanguine or very foolish. Heine, in one of his impious outbursts, said that there could be no doubt that God created the world in six days— there was so muoh left undone. Instead of supplying the deficiencies like men the Broken Hillites have done little but whine pitifully and ask the Government to bolster up the wealthiest community in the country. Probably about the time when the mines are emptied of their rich contents the Hill will have a good supply of water and the wallaby and kangaroo revisiting their old play grounds will join with the rabbits in passing laudatory resolutions about the enter- prise of the directors of the mines. Every traveller who visits new towns must have remarked that he always arrives at tho very time when prosperity is at low water. Such was my experience at Broken HilL I had heard so muoh about the tremendous traffic be tween Adelaide and tho Barrier that I had given up all hope of semiring & sleeping berth. Judge of my astonishment when I found only one passenger beside myself going dowu, and on returniug I was the solo, douizon of the Bleeping car. According to the couduotor my cxporionoe was not unique, and he stated that during tho drought the locomotivo had as muoh as it could comfortably do to drag up water enough to lost for the round trip. Al most tho first inhabitant I met showod me a large sheaf of cheques, "Theso," said he, "are post dated cheques which I had to take. The day on which they wero dated has long since passed, and I amuse myself every day by going round to seo whether there are any funds in the bank to meet them." Then I heard from numerous tradesmen that they would like to leave, but oould not got otic- thiid of what thoy had paid for their houses or landB. It was tho same old story which meets ovory traveller. " Oh, you ought to havo boou hero two years ago. Things were lively then. No one thought of playing billiards without a fiver on tho game, uor drauk anything but ehampaguo." This high water mark of prosperity may nob recommend itself to everybody, but It is evidently a criteriou at Broken Hill. "The minors' wives," said the tradespeople before tho suspension of work took plaoe, " are spending no raoncj. They expeot a strike, and are putting away every penny they can lay their hands on to moot tho evil day." But if tho stranger ventures to suggest that thero are natural onuses for the depression he is regarded as an out rageous libeller of a community where, to tho outsider, parsous and doctors alono seem to flourish. 13 it any wonder that in suoh a woe begone community nt the determination of the directors to reduoe wages by the introduction of competitive tendering and the removal of some of the smelters to Fort Pirio the whole popula tion should bo up in arms ? Whether the smelt- iug is done at the Hill or at Port Pirio has beon considered moroly from a monetary point of view. But it is & subject of vital importance to the Broken Hill public, and thoy may bo right in their arguments against the change. Some years ago a branch line of railway was projeoted between a town Borne 30 miles distant from the main lino between Vera Cruz and tho city of Moxico. The ordinary man would have begun at the main line and built on into the wilderness, and thus have easily conveyed the building matorial as he wont along. But this system did not reooramend itself to tho Mexican mind. Tho works wero commenced at the distant towu, and the sleepers, rails and other necosBary material were laboriously dragged there by long teams of oxen. Tho con tractors were romonstrated with on tho peculiarity of their system, but they saw nothing strango in it, for if it were done other wise the aborigines and thoir oxen would gain nothing from tho new lino. Tho pcoplo of Broken Hill think tho Mexican Rystom is adopted by tho directors as to tho Bmclters for similar rcasous. There is ono thing upon which the founders of Brokon Hill are to bo vjrraly congratulated. Thoy havo adopted an entirely new and most appropriato style of Btroot nomenclature. Thore are many ways of naming stroets. In tho British Isles the aristocracy have almost a monopoly. In revolutionary countries the dates of the last revolution are generally com memorated, and thore wo find Rue 4 Boptembre or Calle 5 Mayo. This system leads, howovcr, to frcquont and often unwclcomo changes. In Now York recently a patriotic board of alder- mcu wauted to chango Clmtham-stroct, a roliot of British tyranny, into Patsy Divvcr- street, after ono of thoir own body. In America generally tho monotonous numboring system prevails ; aud it speaks volumes for tho originality of the founders of Broken Hill that thoy struck out an absolutely new plan. Oxido, Bromido and Ohlorido streets nro admirably adapted to a town whoso existence deponda upon those ohcmical combinations. It may bo objected that they leavo tho taste of an npothccary's shop in one's mouth, but what can bo more neat and appropriate than a school for naughty boys in Sulphide-street, where they undergo tho same treatment as tho refractory ores rejoicing in that name. Lafontaine says somewhere that man is suoh an adaptable creature tbat ho would in timo probably becomo acoustomed even to hell. Broken Hill isnoplcAsuro resort, and can never becomo ono. Cornisbmen and goats, howover, seomto be perfectly satisfied with their environ ment. Tho interior of tho oarth is probably very much alike in all parts of its crust, and those who spend most of their timo thero no doubt becomo careless whether tho leaden sky of Cornwall or the bright sun and dust of Broken Hill greot him on his emergence from darkness. The goat is, as evoryono knows, tho most easily satisfied of animals. It ih more at home when browsing upon old tomato tins and orango peel than when grazing up to its knees in a rich pasture. It puts man to shamo at Broken Hill, whero it may bo seen in thousands cropping a soanty and unsatis factory moal by bending down tho tops of the mulga bushes. Cats and dogs do not consider life worth living in this unattractive olime. Poultry yield up the ghost without a struggle, and the all pervading sparrow declines to settle at the Hill. Somo years ago a horrl of rats visited Broken Hill, but after a Btay of 24 hours thoy moved on to more eongenial surround ings. Broken Hill is no plcasuro resort, and man has done but litfclo to add to its attraotivenoss. A magnificent coffee palace was built, but as a bar room, tho very nuolcus of & successful Broken Hill hotel, was wanting, it is a deserted mansion. The oncrgy of tho municipality is so slight thnt thoy wero too lazy to insert the date of tho laying of tho founda tion stono of thoir town hall. Thore it stands with the unfinished inscription— " On the — - day of April," a monument of Broken Hill apathy. At first I thought that the real dato might have beon All Fools' day, but I found on inquiry that my supposition was incorrect. Pro fessor Jenks in his recent work on The Govern' ment of Victoria states that in tho now com munity of Port Phillip the first institution was an arbitrator, the second a polioe magistrate, tho third a police constablo and the fourth a gaol. , Broken Hill bos not as yet arrived at tho first stago of this process of evolutionary growth. In American mining towns the evolutionary course is generally a bar room, a gambling house, a danoe house, a ohurch and a eohool house. Water, lighting and drain age are there beforo the houses are built. Broken Hill has neither the amusements nor tho comforts of civilisation. Nothing is done for tho comfort of tho working man. Ho has to pay an enormous rent for a shanty of corrugated iron— a perfect furnaoe in summer— or a hut consisting of a wooden frame protcctod from tho inolcmoncy of tho weathor by canvas nailed on the frame Such is tho unlovely environment of tho .Broken Hill miner. For eight hours breathing in the deadly lead poison of tho stopes, another eight hours grilling in a hut whioh nn Irish bog trotter would disdain, and for tho remainder of tho 24 hours loafing about tho dusty streets or dusty bar rooms. The strike has come, as was ovldenfc as soon as tho directors stated their determina tion to insist upon competitive tendering. It is sad to think thnt a little diplomacy might have avoided this terrible disaster. Whether the miners havo acted properly or not is a mattor of opinion, but one can not help thinking that greed, and nothing but greed, has led to this deplor&blo; calamity. Tom Tiddler's ground must bo exploited no matter whether man suffers or not. What do nbsenteo shareholders care for tho loss of lifo by lead poison, by dynamite or by tho caviug in of timbers as long as one penny can bo added tothe dividend? Henrv James in nnn nf )ii& novels describes tho sensations of thotfn de Steele American who surveys for tho first timo tho sunny and peaceful fields of France. " It had come back upon him that what ho had been looking at was a very riok and beautiful world, and that it had not all been made by sharp rail roaders and stockbrokers." A failure to recog nise this fact lies at tho bottom of many of the troubles at Broken Hill. 