THE TOONGABBIE RIDING. • {ToVie M^pfthi&ppsiarul; Mercur]/.). Sib,—Ndw tbat the time is drawing nigh, when -the -ratepayers of the above riding will, be called-upon to nse their discriminating powers.ias to who thev will choose as their political" representative at the local council table, I take it for granted that the ratepayers of the Toongabbie Bidrng are not so dull of apprehension that tbey cannot.measure a man. by the' cnbe as well.as the square, and.wben it comes to isuperScial -1 ^imagine -tbey, have, few equals and no eupenor.=. Indeed it mnst be patent to all that your'correspondent signing limself 'J Ratepayer'', has overshot the mark very considerably in lauding the mainstay ot Toongabbie to the aSies." - It -appears, to me: that tbe voice is the vorce of Jacob, "hat the ba nds are the hands of; Esau.-1 So much drivel I seldom take the "trouble to itead, but: under; existing circuinstancas RatipayerV ' uneentlemanly and dishonourable tactics, like bimself; to say tbe least, require a sound; thrashing, and now- for it. There are only two periods'jn a man's life when ;«uch drivel could be hatched i either in that psnod when he was about cutting his -eye teeth, or when he -merged- --.into second .childhood." The presumption and audacity of:;auch inkslinging goeB further to Xower a man m the esfcimatron of a diBCrimmatag publicthau such bombastic; mkslmgmg swindbags .are aware of. • "Let rail who read tins inarki learn, and inwardly digest •the following i—'-- JFor^ lf; fiehad ajlowed bim..; self -to-be nomiuatediihe,might snow-be sitting at tbe couocil table." What copperfaced eSxontery 1 rGoodwin^ana .hiB.few supported knew perfectly well tbatTthey had- not,the; ghost of a show agametCr ;Lang; otherwise: that highly developed organ of his, called; self- esteem, •swonldn-fchavs ;allowedhimi(Good-f: wifl}4o Jake a-hsfk seat Then what about; tbat requisition to memory desrt Ask: Mr P. very honourable Mr Goodwin! The mainstay of Toongabbie (save the -ma k) What ot A sawmill, A crtamery in embryo "Sphere do -onr -farmers, graziers, dairy men, "waggon teams, coaches, etc., corns in J Mas S'tfeysnustr ll?all and sink "into imngni Scence before Vof. great "' mainstay." Ask, the -Jocal jatorekeepare snd hotel beepers, -the speople^bestable'ioanage. I'll awaitTthcirjSa -patiently, iilicl I doubtnofcbut the polluig day, will answer the qnestiqnj hy -relegating Mr,-; Goodwin and his friend '^fiatepaye^ into h obscurity. Then again, -what a We liltfe • 4o3ge this talked of testimonial to "Or. Moore, A who "Lcnns liothing stid.fates less about such h clap traplnk-shngHjjg, Possibly Mr, Gobttwla' thadght he -would secure the Moors -familv < „vote- "Had X5r. Koore heen^tandin for eleetion, the Mbow tend ^md-eighteenpenn J Tate would iave boen,^iiot at him, »jd not testimonials; butsnfiiiE the inconsistency o| human naturaana fee toarch of intellect ,iu he, "nind^enth century. I tan tap np a iot nsore nnconsistepcies, hut tasernaJtheni asd; lafit, b it not ievt, Goodwin wast-oln tliri e ears ago he wawi?t -wanted, »nri-iheTieopleare f thpsatne opinion*tiU» *ud if jieOTrsiefe •in foutrngJnmsdfonfhBjJubhii^theSota-insK J ^ ml — I i 1M ), i i :.-.., tii i .,,-41,In, li t 1 it --vi/if. the miu for "<i Iwa / < rt.ne lo hiscsnkJUta 4ion ieiog -composed -of a J«fturt honorable, tmdjust-a yho-®oe6asBs lall the iqsalificafeons to ms^e nJSne^gte ^ncpeESfiilTMJiiicaior. Herfpq,as an old » ftector, pjsMi.Pcd cf a lariH and lar^e^n.^ijence.janJ Jhongh Jiotaatepbitect- orihe on of " TI utnrt t "-Lite my (xu-ti-ii-e ? ? 