VAN DIEMAN'S LAND. raix ciEaosicixs. No. 14. M0RDEB WILL OCT. It has baea stated at the outset that Ssapleton's crime had been an alleged assault on a female, who lived—as did the prisoner himself—in the town of Kilkenny. He strongly protested his innocence at ths time, bat was found guiity, and sentenced to death. Tnis was afterwards commuted to transportation for life, through the efforts of his friends. Ic was proved at ths trial that Stapleton had formerly bsen a sweetheart of tiie oer3oa wbo had acaueed hiiii of the offence, but had jilted her for another girl, and the defence set up was that the charge was a spiteful and malicious one, and laid solely for the purpose of revenge. His plea was not accepted, however, as he admitted being with the girl when the ril^nce was alleged to have happened. Nearly twelve years after when on her death bad the wo mail confessed that the accusation was? absolutely false, and made solely to part Staplscon and the girl he wished to marry. The dying penitent said that if it bad been decided to carry out the death sentence sbe would have saved her former lover's life by telling the truth, but when transportation was substituted she was pleased, as it effectually parted her hated rival and Stapleton. Thus tbe poor convict's fiiture was decided in a very summary way. Aud now, alter twelve years of deepest misery and suffering, of floggings and starvation, cold and contumely, a frae pardon had arrived at Hobatt Town for one Kenry Stanleton, per ship the Regent, ship's number 1S6, year 1S28," and the authorities were further commanded to supply the said Henry Si&pieton; with a free passage to the city of Corx, and furnish him with & kit not to cost more than £10 sterling; or if the pardonee preferred to settle in Van Dieman's Land, the colonial government could make hita such a free grant of land as would in their estimation help the ex-convict to become a useful and prosperous settler. This was the substance of the dispatch, but there was an important note that these instructions should only be carried into eSact if J Henry Stapleton tt--as alive. By tbe unusual reparation that tne Secretary for Spate's department had ordered it was pretty evi-deat that they were of ths opinion that the prisoner must be dead, for twelve years of oonvict life was equal to four times that amount of time under free and ordinary conditions. The unlucky Irishman wag not dead &s; the reader knows, and when the papers were sent to the Comptroller General he discovered after a couple of days' search through the records that No 3462, Henry ritapleton, per ship Itegent in 1S2S, was at that particular time at ths prison at Port Arthur. The papers were sent there to the Commandant with an intimation to Siiid the person therein named and numbered to the Hobart Town barracks, but in a fortnight's time the Comptroller General had the documents returned with a statement that the prisoner named had net been at Port Arthur for nearly four months, but had been sent to headquarters at that time. Then another slew search was made, and is was found thet Stapleton had been sent to work on the great north and south road for twelve months, but the books did not show what gang he was employed with, and as there were eighteen of them distributed right across ilia island from Hobart Town to L iunceston, it would be nccassary to make enquiries. This duty was entrusted to a travelling magistrate, who also carried the free pardon, and at No 9 station he found there wa3 such a prisoner as Henry Stapleton, ana that his number was 3162 He thereupon placed the documents in the hands of the Superintendent, and thought nothing further about it. When Mr. Wragge, chief official of the station, read the pardon and the instructions attached to it, he was considerably taken aback and amazed.He knew from the "secret Bervice" men that he had amongt the convicts that Stapleton was determined to have redress for the manner in which he was treated, and he also knew that nine out of ten of the prisoners would give evidence againBt him, and he was also aoabtful about some of the subordinate officials. Most of them were suffering through the manage- ment of Wragge, who wae running the station Bolely for his own convenience and pecunary gain. If No. 34/32 were a free man the Superintendent knew tbat-he first use hs would make of his liberty would be to denounce Wragge and all his works. Some of the latter's sc« had been done so openly that nearly e?ery prisoner cn the station knew about them, and it would be impossible for him toescapp detection if once exposed. He was jauch troubled, too. by the rumors that mrfit of the small stations on the great north^nd south road were to ba closed &nd; conc-fctrated in large depots, and that action wo*ld seriously aff sot him, as when the men .^cre no longer under his control they would iot be afraid to lay charges against him. Before doing anything he decide! to consult with his factotum, Bs nson, and that evening be waited in his office as usual for the over- 66er to enter and lay before him any event of importance that might require investigation. It was generally matters of private importance that were considered. When Benson came ths superintendent showed him the despatches and asked his advice, at the same time telling him the fears he had of trouble if Stapleton obtained his libeity. The overseer bad a good deal of canning, and as it wae a question that affected him as much as his superior he at once said that the convict should not be set at liberty. I don't suppose he knows anything about this pardon, and there is no reason why he should. Why not get one of our friends to personate him ? The authorities don't know No. 3462, and there is not as much risk in doing tbat as in letting him have the pardon. This in short was the advice of ths overeeer. Wragge thought it over carefully, and the more he reflected the better the scheme appeared. He would be killing the two birds with the one etone by adopting it, that is, be would bs having a terrible revenge on the prisoner, and at she same time be protecting himself. The question was which of the convicts should have the great boon of liberty given to him. There would be of course no faac of exposure, for it would be tenfold more to the felon's interest not to reveai the deception, than it would be for the officials to do so. The two conspirators consulted together on the momentous point of selecting a man to represent 3162, and at length their choice fell upon a convict named John Blair. This fellow was about the same aga as the criminal he would be required to personate, and in height, build, and general appearance, especially the convict dress, close cropped hair and clean shaven face, there was little difference in the two men. Blair had a very bad reputation with bis gang, for it was well known that he was a spy for the officials, and in consequence he was allowed to commit breaches of discipline without being punished that would have brought flogging on most of the others. Wragge was afraid of the man, for he knew secrets about him that would have brought ruin on the superintendent, and the latter was anxious to get him out of the way either by fair means or by foul. Tho convict had worked under Wragge at Maoqu&rie; Habor. and he more than once hinted that he had seen the official kill a man there, but the affair had been brought in as accidental death, and during his sojourn at No. 9 station the prisoner had found out many other serious charges against its chief officer. Blair himself was a notorious scoundrel. He bad been transported sir years previously fo x being aoe'euory to a garrotting oase in Lor. don. Two of his comrades were hanged for the crime, and on the refold they asserted that Blair was really the ringleader, but through his euperior cunning bad managed to escape the capital punishment. He received fourteen years' transportation, and in 183S was sent to Hobart Town. When the two official ruffians had decided on their cruel and nefarious plot, Benson went to the ward in which Blair slept, and brought him to the superintendent, when the latter said,— ** I need hardly aek you if you would like your liberty and a grant of a couple of hundred acres of land for notniug. Ii you say ycu would I am in a position to get you both. I have here a free pardon for another prisoner, and there is nothing easier in the world than for you to represent him. I will read you the papers, and you will see what is about to be done. I will give you a letter to the Comptroller General, stating that you sre the person referred to, and when he asks what you will do, accept a grant of laud and remain on tbe island a free ^nd prosperous mat;. It would bo dangerous for jou to take the ^ree voyage, as ycu wouid only bs landed at Corit, and Stapleton's relatives might be waiting for him. and find out that a mistake had been made. If you go home you will only <;et into trouble ayain, whilst if you stay here you shcuid become a prosperous eetsler. When your hair and bsard grows no one could identity j'ou as having been here, and I £im offering you a boon for which you ought to blees me all the days of your future life." It was indeed a boon, and Blair felt almost overpowered at his unexpected good fortune. He had never dreamt of receiving bis freedom, much less of having a present thrown iu with it, and there wap almost a ring of sincerity in his voice as he thanked the superintendent for his kindness, and expressed his utmost willingness to at once accept the offer. He wouid certainly not leave the colony if he was offered a dozen free passages. The one coming cut was enough to last him for a life time, and he had not the least desire to go home where he had been badly treated. Ilis wieh was to settle down in Van Dieman'e Land and lead a good and honest life, the hypocritical convict said. Wrsgge then told him all tbat he thought would be of service to him in his interview with the Comptroller General, and then he recti ecied that a slight difficulty stood in the way. The convict's clothes were all numbered at that time, and a change would be of coarse necessary, so the superintendent decided to give him Scapleton's clothes, and let Biaii wear the former's. During the evening the change was made, and Stapleton was informed that for the future his number would be 3184, as instructions had been received to substitute tbat number for the one he bad. it was a matter of the most perfect indifference to the uncanscious convict. They could have numbered him nought or a million if they chose, for it made no im provemeni in his position. Tiie following day Convict Blair—or rather Stapleton, for so he was dubbed by Superin teadent Wragge—left for Hobart Town with a letter from the nhief official, in which he stated that he hoped the authorities would agree to his action in knocking oil Stapleton's irons, and the note was intended to cover that deficiency, for according to tbe strict interpretation of the regulations a prisoner, even enough a free pardon was granted him, had to report himself to head-quarters in his usual garb. The Comptroller General did not mate any fuss about the knocking off of the irons, but received Blair in a rather amiable manner. He impressed upon tbe exconvict the eternal justice of British law in pardoning a man wnen they found he was innocent, and told the pardonee that he ought never to cease extolling the wise institutions under which he lived, and through which he had now regained his freedom. " liich and poor are all alike in the eyes of . the law," the pompous Comptroller General went on. " If you had been a nobleman's son you could not have been better treated than you have, and I hope you will not forget your duty to the authorities in upholding law and order in your new life, for I am giad to find from the note Superintendent Wragge sends me that you intend to settle in the Colony." It was evident that Wcagga was making certain that Blair wouid not leave the island, but the man had no wish to do so, and after further conversation with the Comptroller General he received a written authority to the district surveyor of the New Norfolk County, enabling him to pick out two hundred acres in that locality, for which he wouid receive a crown grant. Next day the lucky ex-convict went to the district, and there for the present he may be left. When Superintendent Wragge and Overseer Benson found that Blair had settled down and consequently passed through the ordeal of an interview with the Comptroller General successfully, their brutal treatment of Stapleton was again renewed. A month after tne free pardon should have reached him, he was almost driven mad by the refined cruelty to which he was subjected. The rations at best were inadequate—for the Superintendent pinched a portion of them to feed his pigs on—but Stapleton was mostly kept cn half rations, and was, in fact, being gradually starved to death. He bad become the mere ghost of his former self, and with open violence and hunger he had been reduced to a desperate and conspiring man. Death was infinitely preferable to the terrible life he was leading, and at latt he determined to make an attempt for liberty or death. At number nine station the convicts slept In three large rooms boarded off into narrow compartments, and there was no difficulty in communicating with each other. There were a few separate cells at the place, but they were only used when arrestB were made. Many of the prisoners were ready to mutiny, for their treatment was wretched, though not so bad as Staple, ton's, and at least two of the billet men could be relied on for assistance. Quietly but certainly he arranged for a rising in which the murder of both the superintendent and the overseer was a feature. The two billet convicts were induced to join the conspiracy, and thsy were to arrange, so that the two armed guards that watched the wards should be rendered powerless either by force or drugged rum. Once they were secured the convicts would have no trouble in seizing tbe station. Their intention was then to take all the provisions, clothing, arras, etc. and make for tbe bush, where they wonld eifher disperse or remain as an armed gang of bushrangers. Ten of the felons, including the billet me«, were in the plcfi, and it was decided to make the attempt on the night of December 2ith, 1S3S, as ou Cnristmas Eve discipline wae eoruriderakiyrelaxed, and the surrounding settlers, keeping up the hospitabie home custom, never failed to give the free officials—soldiers, constables, and suchlike—a bumper or BO of strong drink in which to quaff their health. The two biilet men had entered into the conspiracy with eagerness, although they had more to lose by it than the regular prisoners. Their names were Manton and Treguriha. and they seemed to have a deadly hatred to Overseer Benson. During the week that intervened between arriving at the decision to have the rising on the 21th oi December and that date, these two men were not idle in making arrangements for it. Simpleton and the other Eeven convicts who were in the conspiracy Elept in the same ward, and little difficulty would be experienced in liberating them. At length the night of the 24th arrived. Alas! how diffirenj; were the fse'ings which actuated these miserable felons to those which are usually supposed to animate the breasts of Christians all the world over on tne eva of the anniversary or the birth of the Great Master—the founder of the purest religion the world has ever seen. " The Fatal Christmas Ere " will be the title of next week's chronicle. It will narrate the story of the rising, the results which followed, and the wonderful manner in which Superintendent Wragge'a treachery was discovered. j 