THE CONVENTIONAL DRAMA A. li! TO Öt-.".*t^J HAMLET UP TO DATE. The author in England, remarks a, writer in the Cornhill "Magazine, apart from the difficalty\4hâtris: always with him of writing a good play, has meny^sïp^rb/.dinlbuItiéB to contend with. ALnpat the greatest remains with the audience, for assuredly no civilised country ' has so backward j an audience to show. as one. The manager is' there mouthpiece, since" legal experience has taught arm pretty well what' they want any him yon can hear any morning as he sits in his' little room over his asbestos fire.- To such a gentleman, if you can conceive Shakespeare taking S Haynes, I think loan tell you pretty well whaRe wenT ? say. Indeed j I can hear him a"Plenty of foodstuff inst, my boy^bnttbtalty.nnttnited'to the British public They won't swallow those i long speeches - all about nothing right outside the notion of the play. "The young man talks a lot too much, and works right against the sympathies of the audience. They'll'isa 'im if he's as rude as that to his mother; and look at his treatment of Fiji-what's her name, Ophelia t And he's quite brutal to that old chap, Colonies who's a first-class tenderer. H the young man thinks his father's been murdereaVïvUi don't be call in the good old Danish'^bó^bV'añd hove a nailing good trial, ' like useful than Shadder, instead of going through that plague play scene P And, loWhcre, it must end happily, the B.P. won't.'' stand any unhappy ending; 'Amiet must marry Ophelia, though there's no 'harm in her goingoottyfer a bit. And you've got three corpses on the stage at the curtain;rno,'four, by George! Do you suppose the audience want to be sent here miserable of And no second Love interest. First grave^diggor^must, 'ave a daughter or Laertes that cjUi,'>W easily worked. And what's the use of pating She seems out of England?" The people like a scene they can recognise, and REV Lord! ain't it smokes likes Marketing scene English, my boy, and the people middle-class. The ghost can easily walked Primrose Hill, and 'Amlet's father be a lawyer or something, and Polonius a county councillor. Besides, if we're going to do it, I'm not going to spend a lot of money on scenery, I can tell you. And I shall want my name on the bill as part author and Rosencrantz and Guildenstern can. come right out. They're nonsense. And look here next thing- you write, for gracious sake get it type-written ;. such, a fist as yours I never saw in the sole of my days. And so poor Shakespeare, having been recommended to look after a good farcical comedy from the French, and a collaborator who knows the ropes, the manager gives him two fingers and says as the door closes, '_' That chap's come to no good." 