A YESGED BY A GHOST. STRANGE STORY OF A CRIME. American papers just received contain thc sequel to one of the strangest criminal episodes on record. Some years ago at Rcynoldsburg in Tennessee a fanner named Gamble lent some £50 to a neighbour named Mercer, who gave a bill for £75 for thc amount, oue White- man being the acceptor. Thc last named, however, did not meet thc bill. Gamble then demanded to have it on paying the original £50. This Mercer refused, and a few dava after the three parties hod met to nego- tiate a settlement. Mercer's skiff in which he rowed to the meeting place was found empty on thc river, while he had disappeared. The conclusion was reached that he hud been drowned. As he was a wealthy man for that Bection, and was kuowu to have a large sum on his person, a liber U reward was offered for the recovery of his body. Thc river was dragged, and a cannon procured and fired upand down the stream for miles, but without avail. Threeycarsclapscd. The widowof the drowned mau had remarried, his estate lind been wound up, and thc matter forgotten. One evening a young man named Hindman, who had been living in thc State ind vicinity for only a few months, having removed from northern Ohio, was walking through thc meadow towards home, after the day's work was done. He was suddenly joined by a stranger, who appeared BO abruptly coming, aB Hindman expressed it, "ont of thc ground," that he was greatly alarmed. " You do not know mc ?" said thc stranger. "No," said Hindman, "but I suppose you are one of my neighbours." "My name is, or wa«, Lebanon Mercer. Three yeare ago I was murdered by William Gumble, and my body buried in a slough near the river. He killed me because I would not give him up the note on Whiteman. He called me to the bank of thc river by telling inc that he had borrowed thc money from a neighbour that he met immediately after we parted." The stranger then described thc place where he was buried, and gave thc names of parties whose testimony would pro- bably convict Among them a peddler named Penticnst and a mau named Bur field, who had received one of thc bills taken from his person. Having finished, thc apparition disappeared as suddenly as it hud come, and Hindman fainted from slicer fright. When he recovered and made his way to thc house, his indisposition was so marked that a neighbour was sent for and restoratives applied. He narrated his ad- venture with all the minuteness of detail Îiossiblc under the circumstances, and the amily were advised to send for a physician to treat him for nu aberration of mind. He repeated his story to the physician and others in strict confidence. A few days before the strange visitation described above, the Jenny Dale, a steamboat, had run aground below Reynoldsburg. A small stream emptied itself out of a morass into the river nt tins point. A bar hail been formed opposite its mouth upon which the boat lind grounded. In attempting to "hack off" great waves lind been thrown in upon tho morass and thc banks washed and stirred. A week or ten days after this occurrence a body was found twenty miles below Rcyuoldsburg. The features were unrecognisable. There was an absence of any swelling, os in the case with bodies drowned. Thc clothing was of a peculiar texture. Thc right boot was split up to tho top from tho inBtep on tho right foot. Thc two small fingers on thc left hand were gone. A pair of yarn socks, marked " L. M." were on the feet. lu the clothing evetywhere was to bc found a slate-coloured dirt, very hard, and apparently indissoluble in water. The skull was fractured. A jnryof inquestwashcld, and after sitting sitting two days rendered a verdict that the bod}' was that of Lebanon Mercer; that hehadcometohls death by violent means ut the hands nf some person to tho jury unknown ¡ and that the crime had been committed a long time prior to the discovery af tho body ; that it had beera exhumed and found its way into the river. The story told by tho ghost to Hiudtrum was remem- bered, mid notwithstanding the high stand- ing of (iambic, brave men began to inves- tigate. Gamble was arrested und brought before a committing magistrate. The widow testified that her nuiband had in his posses- sion $310 dollars in fives, tens, and twenties. Ons 8-0 bill had been wet, and the colours bad run together. Some doubt had been thrown upon its genuiueness, and her husbnud hud made a memorandum of its number, date, and from whom lie hud received it. She ideuti - tied a bill shown her as the oue her husband bad in his possession when he left home. Thc sheriff of tho county testified that he had re- ceived u bill from Gamble about six months after thc disappearance of Mercer, and had taken a minuto description of the same for thc reasons given by tho widow. Thc peddler testified that he stayed over night with Gumble a few mouths after Mercer's disap- pearance, aud il was thc subject of conversa- tion. Gamble expressed the belief that Mercer hud not been drowned, but hud lied tho country on account of some shady transac- tion in which he hud been engaged. Thut there was a good deal of company at Gamble's house that night, aud (iambic occupied a room with him ; that during the night lie was awakened by a sculBe in Gamble's bcd. The latter wns on his knees in thc middle of thc bed. and appeared to be desperatoly struggling with an imaginary parson. He heard him 6ay, 11 liy G-d, Mercer, I um going lo have it !" Giving a sudden lurch, lie came near falling out of bed, and awakened. The next morning when they went out to thc stable to see about the stock. Gamble walked into thc stall where the pedler was, and willi a huge bowie knife in his baud, made thc witness on his knees swear that he never would reveal or repeat what he hud heard. Ho had never spoke of it on that account until recently, and then to Hiudinan. A mau living on thc pre- mises testified that (jumble came home tho night of Mercer's disappearance long i after everybody lind retired, und that his clothes were very muddy with a peculiar coloured clay, and that lie accounted for his absence by stating that he was with his brother-in-law, und got thc mud on him in pushing his waggon up a certain hill. The brother-in-law could not remember anything of the kind. The neighbours testified that j this mud or dirt on thc clothing of the corpse found was similar to that found on Gamble's clothing, aud was pcculiur to a morass or low place al the month of a certain stream where thc steamboat had grounded, and did not exist elsewhere on the river except near Clifton, 190 miles above. Other witnesses testified thut they had gone to this morass after thc waters had receded, and had dis- covered an indentation in the mud six feet, long, nearly two feet wide, and twelve inches deep that had been partly filled with drift and loose mud ; that at one end they had found nearly a handful of short black hair, and at other points what appeared to bc woollen and cotton lint. Thc prisoner offered his character in defence and rested. The magistrate committed him to prison without bail. At the ensuing term of the Circuit Court, thc Grand Jury having brought in a true bill, the prisoner, to thc surprise of every one, announced himself ready, and the trial proceeded. The State introduced the same witnesses used in the magistrate's court and rested. The defence offered as witnesses learned scholars, who ridiculed the ghost theory aud proved a complete alibi by accounting for Gamble's whereabouts every moment from the time he left Mercer until the following morning. The jury brought in a verdict of " Not guilty. " Here, now, is the sequel. The other day William Gamble, an old man, died ou Trace Creek, in Humphreys county, sud on his deathbed confessed that lie had murdered Mercer ut the time and place named by the spirit ; that he hod buried the body in the morass, after killing him with a hammer taken from a waggon as he went round to head him off ; that thc witnesses who proved an alibi were suborned by him, one of whom he had subsequently killed to prevent him from annoyance. 