UONE GHOST LAID. The Eliilency of tile MIlldh?ta .. .. "li,lg:!i? : .:~iir'l:?! .:. il er s. " yl;::" :b·!~'?!:;ol:'::: h:'L.? l! i, -I th! - i t n, . ie? o if li"tin nI .i : .? . ?' :"?:' i: t r ! .?.-'' :: : opinions eapreore and en0perlintenta made< h\ Mr. Henry Mi1 ren, of the .:·"'1 ·(" ' DICl'j: lS* : irm o IT- T O1 i "n O t, l l n I1 'UhT rTO L:.eir,:: t hritntlhi e llin elnyorflth ido boilero:·,· ·I wrote him~ the· fo~:llown "Yott"O" are 0 re.spenly aon l c d~rlleont bjivr in toet here, thlt I rentes tor ...........~ · >.i.'!:!ii?. .<.". U ey;\,!l:', r l; ·oili ,':'i' E i,, ? 'i': I ",? ii}S·: i' ,:: iress" y. i an I rgrelt that I dilinL do so loose ao. It is teelvtated. that yen nail yoo could ? tb titote other boi!ter for those in ose here IliaC iroubd so rerinee the eon ri: imptio o ot i to rae thi ot in?l)yeaar:. h:Kinllet .o I?Iave ly: 0r aindirt opinion no tc onfea I r\oolCI tery mticn lli , to :ithi?o u0trl rnial: of tlhe utterance with which von ar. c rl aite , r eni copyral . ChlraLt s rellrnithl paragraph toardll for sour noltle e (igne 11 .', iBy the last mail', the following reply has come to hand : " Leeds. 10th Nov.. 1502. I: Mr. . C. DeGiris, lildura." " iA?t Stir- le ?Millura . ilers. Your letter of Septe?ber 22 is to handil this' rmail. "Haltf the truth is sonietimes snore misleading than a direct lie. Ilad my remarks, after I tested alt the boilers, been frequently and substantially quoted, you would, no doubt. have been spared the trouble of writing me on the subject. "On my arrival at Mildura I was repeatedly asked for a reason wlihy the consumiptioun of fuel at the Nicholl's Point nod ilillaboug pumping stations was os mochi heavier than that at the t lildurait Ipumpiina station, each plant at that time having iily one 20-inich pui p at work. 1 certainly stated that I eonr sderedi the fault lay in the boilers. I exipreus?e~ 'tl e same opinion to Mir. Georga ,Chaffey, and he anl I lhaid many argu ameiits oni this subject. I askedl to be allowed to make i complete test o'f all the engines alnd boilers, anrd to tlins he it oncIe a?reel. Wee had al small wagur on tVie resul?, viz.. we eacha w:eredl at bottle ofs W. h. Clhalfetyo taisac (W. 1. was at thiat timiie in Enrlandl). I was backing our loco, type !boiler-as usel at Mlildura station-to gie off ,a higher evapora tive eltiricirry than his', boilers. I enclose the result: o thliese tets. You will observee that oir iboilter did nrot come out' titter: tlirefore I lbst, andl W. I. Chfalfey's cellar suifered. \Vlieni I found by aetual tests that the evaporative pover of tlie biilers iin quiestion rwas not. hdficient, :It published the fact tvosfld more than I 1 lh int' lru my' pirevious ftind|i, it convenient to forget' the' fa?t:i After the tists, I' also mentioned t'hat the nmeltlol employed at ,ll the p'uliping statitlns for creating '',drawoht :(vi., a steam jet in cach chimney) was not condlicive to ceoiotomyin focl Thiat' as the only; poit witlh vhicli i fonidi fault: an it is a point that canbe relimedied at comparatively lititle expense, and it i :ccrtain' wevll worthi attention I cannot say inmre on tlhe "suijet st ha v at ?ea ly said all. I get the llldiii' cr' irator :and a Mellourni pialer every y il and nosy what: i? going on at 3ildra,',, I ant a ladhhder-thtrifnr :;slaharehlolder in the Irrieation Compiy s a shiird :oliti 1 mn st protest' t hat 1 :i?t htSoronhly ashitid o our fe- rft members awl di?ictors tlhey are playiti? :,veryl oete duninru: oil the Mes?'s. Chaffer Why not go ninfor free land as well as free water Teir faith itt law yer, i.C? : tl te Governtent is reallyl pathetic, il'nt ihr disreisrit for their I:own and itheir felloy tisharehoblder' in": terests is i; thati" tath?thetic: 1 .pit it inilly an'd call it apathetiti ' " T he scene has wontderf lly clianged -since I i[was at ,Mildnura. o? olong as Il essrs.h Cliftey Brlirs, out of the geiood cness of their hearts, pun ped all thd :wa;te free. :uaiftiltt, their moner aboni' the settletimenti in the shape of big pay for little work, alI w as lovely, andtil : firmly believe thalt Iail this unreasonitit strife ilot taseni place." Mlildnra today Swould have been bunsier andi? brighter than ever it has beeu in the past," SYou in ,illdnra cannot funll realise the ischlief that hles been woroagiht:.: It is done atdi cannoti be und lone. I could -give you many instances, bit will oniy quote from my personal experience When Mr . W. . Chaffey was over in England last year, our firm alsel him to reserve 200 acres for ourselves ani *one or two friends. Hladl confilence not been destroyed by silly strife, the whole -of the 200 acres wouol have been taken up and planted by this time, and £10,000 .(including purchase price) would have fotund its way into Mildura within the next three years, no interest expected except wliat could be got oatof the land ; but loss of conftielnce reduced the invest ment to 100 acres, and Alildura loses A5000. You may multiply the above amount by tweuty, and 1 am certain yous won't cover the amount of loss to your colony. No doubt the agitators think that if the Chaffey Bros. see ruin staring them in the face they will give way, If that is so, they certainly don't, know the Chaffeys as well as I do. I alon't believe that George Chalfey will bu?.ge an inch from what he thinks right and fair, and I admire him for it. No doubt you think I have 'an axe to gri il" 1 can assure you I have nothing of the sort. We have had a lot of Messrs. "Chsffey's money. and in return have givei' 'them value for it, and if the firmi v~re ito burst up to-morrow we would: iDotilosea cent. I never met either of 'Ith"ienbefore 'I visited Mildura. There Sore, w ' are comptarative strangersafind I nay also say tllat we;as al firm, or as ý: j1ý, it, y 1: endividuals, were never aeskcdl by eithlir ft the Messrs. Clhally to buy an acre of lail. We went into it as we 'jlicvcld ii vould be a goodl injistmennt; :therefore" I :\'ve no personal interest in standi ng, i' fot, Cl!tafftcy trs. '1?I lhav: been insit rant nlati i:sea;l yi" I'aool iinarl, settlers' ta'Aliil:nra'.i i li A llte.so"withltall fauit li" tli tll '"wo' ill- I'e ltlcl adprosperat Millrait' is for |toni. feel tri itatt, ai t'hing lse thtai uI ~ i?tre rbi?t tIt i dtael jb.some. ii pC il oatyour W'a uti twiil.l itt1icr tiat tituIr syo, islietrto loiIst I t.n C^alktys ailn fgt yio@r yweahkikite t orctrnmt nt to talick hlil. I thinik yotIt I?.?e ? l itiootCe tdeo itell overiiileni t in 'V iet riat . : ,', :'' . . .... . .. 1 ' ...... I..1 etltonly likeayc Gyo isrGovertinetit t ie i!ha i?.eti;'s/ ;.!;; witli 'ver 'a :milliioni ittl' scliers to pirov ile foir. soime of I cii gelitititi " i ore tl:iti 'tlers; iit nt ie: i' tlite ltsece i to ::get ettoit' ti, tttttt ihi' sultaliiig} is lei'trti e6nd ig anilt worries lihr uitclih anit il t liearilcess: Eitsllst: ina7eltor it t eit id tit y strvig tile pIor iuni?c, therefoi: sh lit lasles :a !es V to give to lier brats. atil sle will soon lhave lothiig for theiu. but they will litae to fedl for thihinseles. It will be a happy tiy for Victoria , wltent, talit comesie toe tin:s, itdh1r rte-at prosperity will late froi) tlint tiiie. Yli al ?t'!llliira w.ai to stick by tle XTh:ttTeys ad,ihey,,hyyoUi. ildomit lthink ily of yul real il how maucl you are all ? iildebtedl to lt Cli:lcys: You arc: in tIlie halit, of slci n/ e settlers arriving at thie wharf cvery week, anl it ,time you coase to wvon lr at theira oinii.u Clialfey Bllr. only : Inodw:r at wrhit trouble tinl cost it a:.lcrtisiui, ~(., thiese sane settlers are delivered on the wharf at Mlihlnra. "i tit I must close. You will no doubt think this is a fbiity letter; *1 started :it boilers andl fin imyself moral " Yours, faithftilly, " ll?Ntlt MAPlAIEs." 