THE STORYTELLJSK Wolfenberg. By William Black. Author of 'Sunrise,' ' The Strange Adventures of a Phaeton,' 'Green Pastures,' and 'Piccadilly,' and other popular novels. Chapteb VII.— THE EAR OF DIONYSEUS. Of a sudden all this was changed. Just as we were about to set out for the shore, Araelie Du maresq was again consigned to our care ; and as that necessitated the choice of a fourth to make up our driving party, Mrs. Threepenny- bit promptly invited Wolfenberg to accompany us ; she ?would have no Russian hanging about, with dangerous complications in the background. And bo far from Amelie Dumaresq resenting this arrangement she seemed to welcome it ; and no sooner had we landed from the steam-launch, and got ourselves into the ramshackle vehicle that was to drive us round the environs of Syracuse, than it became obvious she was bent on pleasing and cap tivating all her companions, but especial! y Ernest 'Mademoiselle,' said the soldier to Miss Dumaresq, 'you have there some poisonous flowers, which will do injury to your hands.' . . . She instantly flung the whole lot away. Wolfenberg. Perhaps she was secretly conscious that she had of late neglected him , perhaps she had noticed him standing about the deck very much by himself ; perhaps she had remarked that his stern, grave face appeared to be graver, his dreamy eyes more absent and wistful than was their wont. At all events, it looked as though she was now determined to make ample atonement. As we drove away from thiB sweltering harbour she was in Ihc gayest and friendliest of good humours. Her own content and gladness seemed to radiate from her ; the clear Sicilian atmosphere lent animation to the pale olive hue of her satin eoft cheek : her liquid black eyes (as black as her magnificent blue-black hair) danced in audacious merriment ; when that rosebud of a mouth smiled, even in wicked satire, it was difficult to deny sym pathetic acquiescence. Moreover, she was merci ful to us on this occasion. She did not startle us out of our wits with startling paradoxes or ruth less iconoclasm. For her, she was quite mode rately wilful, and petulent, and self -assertive. And when she spoke to Wolfenberg it was with. a gentleness, and consideration, and even a subtle and insidious flattery that entirely merited approval. And as for him? Well, it was in its way pathetic to see this man — so immeasurably her superior in intellectual and artistic endowments ; so imtn ?asura.bly her superior, also, in qualities of o.]i -u'acter — it was almost pathetic to see how grate ful he was to her for this kindness and attention to him. Not that he betrayed his gratitude in any sentimental fashion; on the contrary, he kept laughing at her perversities and vagaries, and kept interposing here and there to make litt'e explanations or apologies for her. Some times, indeed, a certain callousness on her part appeared to grate against his finer .sense : but all the same he would defend her, or perhaps remonstrate with her in the most delicate fashion. For example, she was making merry, making rather maliciously merry, over our good, dear Sappho— over her appearance, her dress, her pug, her passionate poetry, her Lempri ere erudi tion, and what not ; and she went on to declare that on thi-i very morning she had heard Miss Penguin express the wish that she might get back from the fort of Eury,alus in time to take a boat and go up to An,apus in order to get some leaves of the pap-yrus. All through this Wolfenberg had looked rather uncomfortable. For if a woman has saudy hair, how can she help it 'r And a heavy and lethargic face may accompany a brilliant and psnetrating mind. A dowdy dress does not neces sarily indicate a cruel or envious disposition. As for errors in accentuation — ' Don't you think, Amelie,' said Wolfenberg in his timidly suggestive way, ' that where there is no pretence the blunders of ignorance are very venial things ? — don't you think they rather call for sympathy and silence ? Euryalus is a quite natural mistake.' ' ' Look here, Ernest, ' said she, abruptly break ing away from the subject, for she did not like being reproved, even by him, ' why don't you paint a portrait of Lady Cameron?— she is the beauty of the ship.' 'Why don't you do it yourself , Amelie F' he suggested. *'Oh, I?' she said wiih. a frank laugh. *'I brutalise everything I touch. You would make a dream of it. This morning, at sunrise, when we were coming near to the Straits of Messina, did you notice her up at the bow — perched away above the rest of us as usual ; and when the light came over from the east her face seemed to me quite mystically beautiful. It was a vision ; it was something for you. Ernest, I tell you. Of course that is a trick of hers, getting up high ; she knows slie has a fine figure. And swinging her Tarn o' Shanter in her hand is another ; she likes to be bareheaded, bermi^e her hair shows well in the hunlight. But I am nut jealous; I dou't bear malice ; I love beautiful things, whether they are \ alive or merely marble. Only, what I say is, you : ouprht not to lose the opportunity. If you don't wish to paint her portrait, at least make studies of ; her head ; you will rarely meet with such a model. ' Whv, you have not done a stroke of work 6ince i youMt England I' j ' Have you r' said he, with a smile. 'You must not talk like that,' said she, a I little proudly. 'Your work and mine are not j quite on the same plane — no, not quite ! My manufacture I can turn out at any moment ; and if I have been idle it has been because there was j too much to look at, too much to interest. But I j should not have expostulated with you, Ernest, j I know how your work comes to you better than | you do yourself. It is exactly what Shelley says / about poetry : ' Poetry is the record of the best ; and happiest moments of the best and happiest j minds ' . . ' evanescent visitations of thought | and feeling1 ' . . ' arising unforeseen and de parting unbidden.' Your work is inspiration ; my daubs are mechanical ? ' ' Amelie I' said he — but whether he was pro testing against her skilful flattery or against her self-depreciation we could not quite make out. 'Oh, do you think I don't know?' she ex claimed. 'I tell you I understand how your work comes to you ; it is a sudden fancy, and, if you do not seize it and hold it, it is off again, and you care no more about it. Ernest, have you let the Fountain of Calliirhoe slip away like that?' ' I hardly know,' he said, rather uneasily. 'How can one teU? It was, as you say, a passing fancy ; and when one is thinking of other things one forgets.' He shifted the subject ; he turned to our Mrs. Threepenny -bit (who would have been quite content to hear those two go on talking, with her own speculations making- an inward commentary). *' Do you notice how delicious a colour green is, after we have come through long days of blinding blue and silver ?' (For this dusty roadway we were driving along was bordered by an abundance of green vegeta tion — bananas, lemons, pomegranates, the latter showing their waxen fruit taking a tinge of crimson on their sunward side.) ' It is a kind of feast for the eyes ; I did not know one's sight had grown so hungry. Yet, blue and silver — Medi- terranean blue and brilliant sunlight — are welcome enough at the time.' She did not answer him ; for at this moment the driver drew up in front of a gate, and we were expected to descend. We discovered that this was the entrance to the waste land surround ing the ruins of the Roman Amphitheatre ; and here we found one or two of our excellent Oro tanians wandering about, picking- up flowers, or gazing down at the remains of the ancient build ing and. its adjuncts — the terraced stone seats, the alligator tanks, the massive cages for the wild beasts, all of which seemed as though they had been used but yesterday, so perfect were they. And this was not a gloomy spectacle like the Coliseum at Rome ; this was set amid fair lemon groves and verdant vineyards, all smiling in the warm afternoon sun. Paul Hitrovo was here, along with his Monreale friend. He observed Miss Dumaresq come into these grounds, but made no motion of approach ; she also threw a glance — one might almost say a furtive glance — in his direction, but affected to be entirely absorbed in conversation with her com panion. Indeed, she was arm-in-arm with Mrs. Threepenny-bit : and was very affectionate, and was apologising for having taken the place of Lady Cameron on these our landward excursions. Aud when we came :iway again she still cluug- in this familiar fashion to her chaperon, and had no eyes for any one else, save when she turned to address a friendly word to Wolfenberg from time to time ; and in this manner, having ordered the carriage to follow, we went forward on foot towards our next objective point — the so-called Earl of Dionysius. We left the road, and went along a deep descending wooded dell. We found in front of us a lofty mass of rock, thick-hanging with ivy. We entered by a wooden door in a low stone wall ; and then the mysterious twilight told ns 'we were in a vast cave, the further recesses of which, as well as the vault overhead, were invisible in the unpenetrable gloom. And what was this strange ' swish ! swish !' we heard all around, and above, and far beyond? — what but our own footsteps ! We discovered that the faintest sound 'we could make — the light snapping of one's fingers, the rustling of a piece of paper — was carried away from us, and repeated again and again in the distant and obscure unknown ; . while the door behind us, when it was shimmed to by the military custodian, sent thundering rever berations that seemed to plunge howling and rolling into the very bowels of the earth. And (Continued on page Zl&.J 'who were these -who now approached us, coming out of the opaque darkness into the trembling, uncertain light ? The roseate and beaming Major — our gracious and smiling Lady of Inverfask— the tall, grave, goddess-eyed Baby : it was a wel come meeting. ' This place seems full of ghosts,' said Peggy, in an awe- stricken way. ' If you speak to any one, they whisper all round you.' ' Gad,' said the Major, 'I should not like to have been one of the prisoners shut up here by that old tyrant. Precious little sleep for them, I should think. Now let uh go outside and get away up to the srallery where he used to sit and listen and discover their secrets.' But we late comers did not moan to lose so in valuable a guide ; for the Major had been in Sicily and in Syracuse oftentimes before : so we attached our party to his, and together we passed out into tlie wanner air. On our way up to tliw road again, Wolfenberg gathered a few fronds of maidenhair fora, and ottered them to Anielie Du maresq. She accepted them, and looked pleased. The old comradeship seemed to be re-established between those two. Now, to reach the little gallery and chamber , which legend maintains Dionysiiis had constructed ho that, by the curious acoustic properties of this immense cavern, he might overhear his prisoners talking, you have to climb away up to thu top of the Greek Theatre — an imposing ruin, of far greater extent than the Roman Amphitheatre. And when we came in sight of that far-stretching, far-rising, yellow-grey pile of horseshoe terraced stone seats, about the first thing we noticed was two figures makiug for the summit. Very small they looked in that great space : but by their white costumes and puggarees we knew them to be Orotanians ; and the next moment we had recognised them — they were the young Russian and his companion. Well, why not? Had they not as much right to go sight-seeing as anybody? Nay, had they not even seemed to avoid us fay coming past the cave without seeking to enter 'r But when we had clambered up these century - worn tiers, and crossed a space of gritty ground and spiky weeds, and come to an opening cut into the rock leading to the higher end of the cavern, we found that M. Hitrovo had not the least wiph to avoid us. On the contrary, he rather left his companion, and came forward, and spoke pleasantly and carelessly to this one and that, eventually, however, addressing himself exclu sively to Amelie Dumaresq. And, oddly enough, he invariably seemed to have the power of drawing her away from her friends— if only for a yard or so — so that he and Bhe could speak together. Yet there was no affectation of secrecy ; not at all. She appeared to find him amusing. She would look up at him with her eyes full of smiles. As for him, he did not seem to take too much trouble about her. He rather patronised her. But he had a pretty laugh ; and his eyes yes, it could not be denied that those blue-grey eyes were singularly clear, that they were full of light, and that they might possibly have a bewil dering effect on a young woman become curious and interested. At this moment Peggy came back from that opening into the rock. 'What we should have done,' said she, 'was for one of us to have remained in the cavern. Here we can talk into the roof of the place, but there is no one to answer us from below.' ' Oh, I will go down if you like,' said Paul Hitrovo at once. 'What do you say, Miss Dumaresq ? Shall we go down and listen to them and answer them ': ' ' Oh, yes, yes, by all means,' said she, cheer fully ; and the next moment those two were making their way down the successive stone ridges of this great theatre, in the direction of the distant road, and the aqueduct, and the chasm leading to the echoing1 cave. It was all the work of an instant. How was any one to interfere ': Or was Amelie Dumaresq the kind of person to brook interfer ence *r' But Mrs. Threepenny-bit, whose attention had been drawn away at the moment, was most angry and indignant when she discovered what had hap pened. Those two retreating figures had now reached the aqueduct ; another second, and they liad disappeared from sight. ' It is really too bad,' she said, with frowning brows. ' She is under my charge. She has no right to make off like that. If she has had her head turned ? ' She stopped. Wolfenberg was standing by. But indeed he was not listening. There was a strange look in his features. His eyes were pre occupied and thoughtful, but the eyebrows were drawn down somewhat ; and the firm mouth that gave character to an otherwise wistful and pensive face betokened determination. Was he nerving himself to face something he had not hitherto contemplated ? Or was he merely resolved to pay no heed to this little incident that had just oc curred ? Apparently, he was not looking after the fugitives— though he must have seen them disappear ; his gaze, at once absent and inscru table, was fixed on that fertile champaign country with its luxuriant lemon groves, and on the yellow grey city perched on the point, with the far blue belt of sea beyond. He did not seem to wish to speak to any one. He was alone with himself — and we left him so. What echo-borne conversation ensued between the little group in this small and lofty gallery and the two unseen people in the profound abyss below, we did not care to hear : for one thing, there was a cold wind coming whistling through that aper ture sufficiently dangerous for folk who had been all day baked and boiled and blistered under a Sicilian sun. The remarkable circumstance was that Hitrovo and Amelie Dumaresq did not re appear — even after this experiment was long over. The carriages were in sight down by the aque duct ; but those two made no sign. 'We'd better go down,' said Mrs. Three penny-bit, concealing her vexation very well indeed. ' Most likely they are waiting for us, or perhaps they may have set out on foot for Syra cuse without saying anything — young people are eo inconsiderate.' However, when we had descended those massive steps, and when we had got into the road, and round by the aqueduct, we thought we might as well have a look at that winding chasm leading to the cave ; and here, indeed, we found the two truants, strolling about, and apparently quite un concerned. Amelie Dumaresq was carrying a nosegay of various wild flowers. No doubt they had been gathered for her by her companion. And the modest little tribute of maiden -hair fern that Wolfenberg had presented her with ? That was £-one. Well, ferns wither soon ; perhaps she had thrown them away. But an odd. thing happened with regard to this new and more florid bouquet. The soldier in charge of the Orecchio di Dionisio had come along to bid us good-bye (perhaps with some ulterior views), and the moment he caught sight of the nosegay he said to her in hi6 mangled and guttural French : ' Mademoiselle, you have there some poisonous flowers ; they will do injury to your hands. See, I will show you the bad ones.' For a second she did not quite catch his mean ing ; but when she did she saved him all the trouble of separation. She instantly flung the whole lot away with a gesture as if she had already been stung. For Jf iss Dumaresq, as we had noticed before now, had a pretty good idea of taking care of herself: As we drove away back to Syracuse, she repeatedly looked at the palm and fingers of her little plump white hand. And she had abundant opportunities of doing no, for Wolfenberg was unusually silent : when lie spoke it was mostly to Mrs. Threepenny -hit, as we sometimes call her. That night, after dinner, Amelie Dumaresq was entirely in her element. There was music on the Marina ; the town was all illuminated ; from the deck of the ship you could see the electric light shining ou the tall white houses ; there were the black masses of the acaoia-trees along- the promenade : theu there were the long lines of silver reflections quivering; on the glassy water. The music was gay waltz music ; it was all pretty, modern, French, light-hearted : she, lying back in her chair, and looking towards the shore, might have fancied herself at Biarritz, at Nice, at Monte Carlo. She was chattering away vivaciously. Would it not make an excellent Impressionist subject — the spectral houses, the dark masses of the trees, the blue-white globes, the quivering of the reflected lights down through the black deeps ? She would like to try it herself — in oils, when she had grown more familiar with that medium. ' What do you say, Ernest V she asked, look ing round, for Wolfenberg was standing by. 'Whatever you see your way to doing, Amelie,' he made answer, ' will nave character and quality in it— and life.' Only one other occurrence remains to be chronicled of this evening ; but that was of a wholly cataclysmic nature. The humble reporter of these various doings and proceedings, having been sent down to the saloon to order some ' cold sodas ' for the women-folk, was returning to bis place, when he chanced to run against a young lady who was standing1 in the dusky shadow out side the top of the companion-way. And with every wish to be discreet, and blind, and nonex istent, he could not butperceive that the young lady had just received, and was now quickly thrusting into her pocket, some scrap of paper that had been handed her by a young gentleman who was making off in another direction. The yonng- man, clearly enough, was Julian Verrinder, who had come on board at Palermo in that curiously un accountable fashion, apparently without any pre arranged purpose, and professing to know no human creature in the ship. The young woman — oh, Baby, Baby ! ***** Next morning was devoted to busy idleness. Some went off on an exploration of the older por tions of Ortygia — though that was rather a diffi cult undertaking, many of the thoroughfares being now so narrow that when you met a drove of donkeys they had to be turned into the houses and the cellar-like wineshops to let you go by ; others got a boat and made away for the river Anapus; while one or two of us thought we would stroll along to the Fountain of Arethusa — chiefly to fall in with the burning1 impetuosity and entreaties of our good Sappho. And as Lady Cameron went with us, so, you may be sure, did the ever-faithful Major. And here, too, was the Baby — the serious, the reserved, Juno-eyed maiden, whose very manner was a standing re proach to her more sprightly sister. As for the young man who had mysteriously sprung himself upon us after leaving Palermo — But he was no where to be seen. And it must be owned that on this occasion the Major behaved himself in a most shocking fashion ; for irreverence is not becoming to advanced years. He seemed to resent the quite genuine enthusiasm of our tumultuous poetess. Arethwa arose, from her couch of snows, In the Acrocerauniiin mountains, she was repeating to herself in a proud way, as she regarded the confined little Like, and the tall reeds, and the overhanging acacias. . ' I don't see any mountains,' he observed pettishly. ' Of course not,' she made answer, staring at him. ' Acroceraiuiia is away over in Greece — in Epirus. Don't you know the story ?' His silence confessed his ignorance ; and right eagerly — for it was a tale after her own heart — did she pour into his unwilling ear the legend of the passionate river-god and the flying maiden. But the Major was lying in wait for nis revenge. ' She came all the way under the sea, and made her appearance here P' he asked. 'Yes, indeed,' said the delighted Sappho. ' They say that if you throw anything into the river Alpheus ? ' 'She was a goddess, I presume?' he asked again. ' Oh, yes ; Arethusa was a daughter of Oceanus.' ** I thought as much ; if she came all the way under the Ionian Sea, she must have been an ex cellent Diva.' And the wicked old man giggled and gurgled with laughter until he was purple in the face ; and not only that, but he treasured up his wretched schoolboy witticism, eo that every one on board the ship had heard of it before the evening. As for Sappho, she would pay no heed to such ribaldry. She gave Phaon's leading string a twitch, and turned haughtily aside. We weighed anchor about midday, and steamed slowly out of the harbour ; and in due course of time we had lost sight of land again — nothing visible anywhere save that wide circle of trembling and shining blue, with a few motionless yellow white clouds along tbe southern horizon. But although there was an abundance of leisure for everybody all the afternoon, it was not until the evening, in fact it was not until after night fell, that Mrs. Threepenny-bit and her friend Peggy found an opportunity of talking over what had taken place on shore at Syracuse. They came right aft, to their accustomed corner behind the wheel- box, where there was little danger of their being overheard. And it soon became apparent that the elder woman had been much im pressed by one or two circumstances that had come under her observation daring the past day or two. ' I don't know what is going to happen,' said she, rather sadly. ' I have such a respect and liking for Mr. Wolfenberg— such an admira tion for the simplicity and refinement of his character — yes, and such a sympathy for his lonely position ? ' 'And so have I,' said Peggy, breaking in. ' But when a married man allows himself to fall in love with an unmarried young woman, he must take the consequences.' ' Peggy ! ' the elder woman exclaims, indig nantly. ' That is not the situation at all. He is not in love with her, as a younger man might be. He has a great affection for her, no doubt, a most unselfish, affection and care for her, every one can see that ; and a deep interest in her and her future. I have told you all along that I considered the relationship existing between those two as a most beautiful thing — and I take her own descrip tion of it ; but the difficulty is as to bow any re lationship can be made permanent. That is where the daugpr comes in. He thinks, or he tries to persuade himself, that her mind is too downright, her brain too clear, for her to give way to 'the illusions of love : she will never marry ; her career is art : she is an artist through and through. So he seems to think. But if she is an artist, she is also a woman.' ' And very much of a woman,' puts in Peggy. ' Have you noticed how thoughtful and care worn ha has looked during the last day or two 'r' her companion goes on. 'Do you think be is beginning to see there is a ])ossibility of Amelie Dumaresq falling away from that compact — a possibility of his being left alone ? Did you notice the expression of his face yesterday, when he was standing by himself up there on the Greek Theatre, and when she and her Russian had dis appeared below ?' ' ' A man cannot suffer the tortures of jealousy unless he is in love,' said Peggy, in her frank way. 'It was something far wider and deeper than that,' says the other, absently. ' It appeared to me as if he were contemplating the possible ruin — the second and final ruin — of his life. All the schemes and hopes he had been counting on for tbe future — all the companionship and compensa tion he had been promised — tumbling away from beneath his feet ; himself left betrayed by the very one who had made a show of coming to his rescue.' 'Oh, no, no, Missis,' said Peggy, with some effort at cheerfulness; 'it isn't so tragic as all that — not yet, at all events. She has been flirting with the Russian, no doubt : and she may have had her head a little bit turned. But you know the remarkably blunt and plain things she says about marriage ; she is not likely to be entrapped. All this will blow over; the Russian and his beautiful eyes will disappear at the end of the voyage ; and she will return to her loyal alle giance — to her art and her friend. Why, she is bound in honour ! How often has she declared her determination to make up to him for what that other woman has done ?' Mrs. Threepenny-bit was silent for a long time. 'It seems such a piteous thing,' she said at length, with a bit of a sigh, ' that a man of his fine and sensitive character should be at the mercy of the caprice of any woman. But, perhaps, you are right, Peggy. Perhaps, after all, Amelie Dumaresq will recover her senses, and will re member what she undertook. We shall see — and that very soon, if I am not mistaken.' ( To be continued.) 