NEWS BY MAIL. (From Paris to 20th December.) WRECK NEAR RAMSGATE. 'LOSS OF XKAMIY THIRTY LIVES. In the early hours of Sunday morning, 13th December, while the fishing smack Briton's Pride, of Ramsgate, was making to port, in the vicinity of the Galloper Sands, against a strong case and a heavy sea, The skipper thought he heard a cry for help above the raging of the storm. He listened intently, and, faintly but surely, the cry was repeated. The little smack was put about. The one or two hands on deck peered into the gloom of the wintry morning, and at length espied standing from the water the single mast of a ship, to which a man was clinging. It was impossible in such a raging sea to got near the wreckage without danger ; no ship's boat could have lived in the boiling surf. The skipper shouted to the shipwrecked mariner that he would stand by until daybreak, and do his best to rescue him. Could he hold on till daylight The answer came faintly back, "Yes," and BO The little smart; " put to" and waited. Hour after hour flew by. At length the long wished for dawn broke. Five awful hours had elapsed. Only then could the gallant cracksmen launch their little craft; and then William Barton, the mate, end Edwin Hurle, the third hand, rowed the boat through the broken water as near as possible to the standing mast. The seaman, who had lashed himself to the mizzen topmast yard, east loose his lashings and sprang into the sea, whence he was promptly rescued. He proved to be a survivor of the full-rigged ship Enterkin, of Glasgow, bound from Hull to Brisbane with a cargo of iron. She was classed 100 A1 at Lloyd's, and was built of steel at Port Glasgow by Messrs. R. Duncan and Co. in 1880\. She was owned by Mr. T. O. Guthrie, of Glasgow, and was of 16RS to s burden. The vessel had experienced terrible weather on the Friday and Saturday There was a pilot on board, and he had charge of the navigation of the vessel. Late on Saturday afternoon as the Enlerkin was tacking down the roadstead, and just at the moment of lacking, she appears to have struck the sands, and from that moment all was over. Apparently the pilot had misjudged his position, or he would have even the dreaded sands a wider berth, In the strong wind, and with such a sea running, it was at once seen that nothing could be done to save the ship. Indeed, a very short time after she struck a tremendous sea burst upon the vessel, throwing her over upon her side. The crew sought to get into the lifeboat, which had been lowered, and which was fastened astern, but she was immediately swamped, and with three exceptions all those on board her were drowned. Another heavy lurch was given by the ship/ and then she reeled off the sands into deep water, settling down on an even keel as she went. All of the crew were thrown into the surf. An apprentice named Lewis succeeded in reaching the mizzen spar, which was all that remained of the doomed ship about water. He lashed himself to the mast, where he remained until rescued by the crew of the fishing-smack Briton's Pride. Two other men, George Gordon and Clunies Ross, both of Glasgow, were also saved by another vessel. MURDER ON THE HIGH SEAS. SENSATIONAL CAPTURE. The barque Emanuel, of Genoa, from Rangoon, with teak, arrived in the South West India Dock on Saturday, 12th December, and reported the killing of the mate, Caifa Stefano, on the high seas, by one of the crow. When the vessel had been eighty days at sea a young sailor had a dispute with the, mate, who was his uncle, concerning the arrangement of the sails, and in a fit of anger is said to have stabbed him so severely that he died within a few minutes. The assailant was seized, handcuffed, and placed in irons ; but several days after he managed to shake off his fetters and secrete himself in the hold. He appears to have secured some bisotilta, upon which with the addition of water, which trickled through the hatchway, he managed to exist for six weeks. He resisted all attempts at re-capture, and turned a deaf ear to all entreaties to come out. This, in the main, is the statement of members of the crew, some of whom, however, are supposed by the police to have fed him. When the barque entered the docks on Saturday morning the police of the K division took possession of her, and searched all that day, Sunday, and Monday, for the man, without success. One constable is stated to have got near enough to him on Monday to catch hold of his foot, but was unable to hold him or even to follow into the small aperture between the timber into which he retreated. This was the position of affairs up to 10 o'clock on Monday night, when the police in charge of the vessel were on the point of being relieved by Detective- sergeants Lloyd, Reed, Breeze, and Foley. The officers were discussing the plan of operations for the night when, at about half-past IO, the much searched for man was soon emerging from behind the timber. Lloyd at once beckoned to him and he came forth and spoke in broken English, of biscuits and coffee, which he had from his hiding. place seen the officers eating. He was out and bruised, naked, and so exhausted that he could hardly stand. For three days he said he had had no nourishment, except what drippings of water came through from over- head. This bears out the theory that he had been secretly supplied with food, for though he had been in hiding for over forty days it was only during the three days the police were in charge that he seems to have suffered the extreme pangs of hunger and thirst. Practically their close siege wore him out, for when, as he admits, through the chinks between the timber he observed them taking their meals, it was more than his exhausted nature could stand, and he voluntarily gave up the contest, in order that his bodily needs might be satisfied. After his explanation the accused was supplied with clothes and taken to Limehouse Police Station, and then to Poplar Infirmary, when he was detained suffering from emaciation and starvation. His name is Carraflo Nicola, and his age 19. The dead man was buried at sea. FRENCH LEGISLATION AGAINST SPIES. The Select Committee to which the Espionage Bill has been referred thinks it not severe enough. No doubt everyone feels that hanging H too good for a spy who discharges his mission seriously and unscrupulously, but is it good policy to hang him in time of peace ? If spies in the pay of foreign Governments are expected here, there may be reprisals, and Europe thrown back into a barbarous state. The committee proposes capital punishment for those military men or servants of the State who may have aided or abetted a person or persons acting for the purpose of espionage, This is a little Draconian, but it may be excused when one reflects what happened at Metz in 1870 and in the time of Generals de Courey and Ihibaudin at the War Office. But Article II., which is as follows, is a blot on the 19th century civilisation :-" The following categories of spies shall be punishable with death : Whosoever by means of a disguise or of a false name or a false quality, or by hiding his qiU ii ? profession or his nationality, shall have entered into a stronghold, a naval port, an entrenched camp, a defensive work w any kind, a warship, or a maritime or military establishment or building, and shall have for the purpose of espionage obtained or collected information relating to the defence of the territory or safety of the State." Paris, June, and Lyons are strongholds, or placed horses ; Brest, Rochefort, La Rochelle, and J onion are naval ports and technically, Dunkirk, Calais, and Havre, might become so to. They have all large civil populations, in March there is a considerable foreign element. as when one thinks how spy fevers rage in war time the last article would be enough to make one's blood run cold if one did not know that there is a clear- headed legist at the head of the Foreign Office. Lord Lyons was ones for forty eight hours in a dungeon as a spy, and in 1870 our correspondent at Tours was also nearly massacred as a Boy because in a village inn he called for a glass of wine and, finding it had, did not drink it, though he paid for it. This was a suspicious circumstance in the eyes of avanoiot» peasants, who coupled it with the fact of his asking the landlord whether fish were plentiful in the Cher. Yet he had on him a general pass signed by M. Jules Ferry, and another signed by Gambetta. He would probably have been killed if the mob which came out against him had been used to the idea so strikingly put forward in the above clauses. MISCELLANEOUS. A daring robbery was perpetrated at Messrs. Glyn, Mills, Currie, and Co.'s office, 67 Lombard-street, when gold to the amount of £300 and cheques to the value of £400 to £500 were stolen. It appears that a gentleman from the North London Railway entered the bank and deposited the contents of his bag, consisting of silver, gold, and cheques, on the cashier's counter. The cashier immediately proceeded to check the silver, but at this moment the attention of the payee was directed to another gentleman in the office who spoke to him. He had not had his face turned more than a minute when on looking round he discovered that both of the parcels containing gold and cheques were gone. No one seems to have seen the parcels taken, but the messenger of the bank states that he had noticed a suspicious-looking man loitering about the bank just previously, and had kept his eye upon him, but when the robbery occurred he was downstairs in the strong-room. A strange story reaches the London correspondent of the Manchester Courier from one inns of court. " A set of chambers had been vacant for some time is indeed, they had only been tenanted for three weeks during the last six years. The rent was remarkably moderate, and the rooms were comfortable. Accordingly a young barrister took them for a month or so. He never inquired why it was that they had been so long empty, nor had he any idea that they were supposed to be haunted. He had not, however, been in possession many days before he announced his determination to quit the rooms, though he had spent a good deal of money in doing them up and furnishing them. His friends naturally asked for an explanation, and he confessed that he had seen a ghost, or rather, a collection of ghosts, for every night, he said, the door opened of its own accord, and in walked three men and a woman, dressed in last century costumes. They sat down at the table, and commenced to talk and to drink. Eventually the talk got louder and a violent quarrel broke out, in the course of which the woman was stabbed. After this catastrophe the ghosts disappeared." The Guion liner . Arizona, which arrived at Queenstown on 10th December last from New York, brings particulars of an extraordinary experience of the barque Hesper whilst proceeding to San Francisco. When she was about seventy-five miles off the Japanese coast a rumbling noise was suddenly heard, and the ship was violently thrown on her beam ends. The next instant immense waves came rolling towards the ship, and seas rushed on deck from stern and bow and over both sides. It was believed the barque was directly over a sub- marine volcano. Water flooded the deck, and the crew found it was very hot. All hands were Compelled to climb into the rigging, and there they remained for five hours. During all this time great blasts of hot sulphurous gas escaped from the boiling ocean. It enveloped the ship and almost suffocated the men in the rigging. The bursts were intermittent, and to that fact alone is due the preservation of the lives of all on board. The scalding water melted the pitch and oakum in the dock seams, and to prevent leaks the crew had to procure now pitch and oakum. The rolling of the Hesper during the disturbances was so severe that her maintopmast cross-trees was pitched into the sea, and the men expected to see every stick go over the side. 