— — — ill SEAL GHOST STORIES. (From the Reviem of Reviews.) - the ghost and the bible. Mb. John Richardson, an old and trusty servant of Mr. Proctor's, on one occasion sat up with an old Quaker gentleman who had come to discover the cause of the disturbances. The old Quaker asked Mr. Richardson to get a Bible, and he would read a chapter. No sooner did he begin to read than the candle began to jump in the candlestick and to oscillate to such an extent that the Quaker could not see to read. The moment he stopped, the candle became. quiet. The old Quaker looked at Mr. Richardson and said, ' Strange 1' He began to read again, and again the candle began to sway from side to side. ' Art thou afraid, John V said the Quaker. ' No,' said John, 1 but I feel a pe culiar sensation which I cannot desoribe.' 'Let as pray, John,' said the Quaker. Immediately a ter rific noise arose in the room, all the furniture seemed to be driven from its place, the candle sticks rattled on the table, newspapers seemed to be scattered to and fro in great profusion, the . whole building seemed shaken. So terrible was the hubbub that John could not hear a single word of the Quaker's petition. The moment the Quaker arose from his knees everything became quiet. Another Quaker, who faced the intruder with a bold ' Who art thou ? In the name of the Lord, I bid thee depart,' was received with a mocking sound which Mr, Davidson says only can' be described as a spasmodic suction of the air through the teeth. the ghost with eyeholes but no eyes. The children, however, were the chief ghost- seers. No one was allowed to tell them anything about the ghost, and any servant who told a fairy tale in Willington Mill was instantly dismissed. No conspiracy of silence, however, would prevent the children from seeing the ghost. On one occa sion one of the little girls came to Mrs. Davidson and said, ' There is a lady silting on the bed in mamma's bedroom. She had eyeholes, but no eyes ; and she looked so hard at me.' On one oc casion a little girl told Mrs. Davidson that on the previous night a lady bad come out of the wall and looked into the glass, she had something tied over her head ; she had eyeholes, but no eyes. On another occasion a boy of two years old was charmed with the ghost, he laughed and kicked, crying out ' Ah ! dares somebody, peepee, peepee.' vu evvfsrai uuuasiuuo iut; uuuurcu wuuui aave much amusement in chasing up or downstairs a 'funny cat or a bonny monkey,' which they saw before them. the ghost that snuffed the candle, On one occasion bis mother saw through the bed curtain a figure cross the room to the table on which the light was burning, take up the snuffers and snuff the candle, then crosB the room towards the bed, laid its hand upon the curtains all round the bed, and then strike the side table with snch force that she thought the furniture seriously dam aged, but when she examined it, it was uninjured. The last time the apparition was seen was quite recently, aud I well remember the story being told at Sunday school by my scholars. It was long after the Proctors had left the mill, and the mani festations, it was noticed, were always worst when a member of the Proctor family was on the pre mises. the last apparition. On this occasion the mill was working night and day, when the engine-mao, on going into the en gine-house at midnight, saw the eyeless woman sitting there. With a wild scream he flung him self out of the window into the Gut, plunged throngh the mud and water to the opposite side, and never Btopped until be reached home at Shields, some three miles off. Such at least was the story which was reported in the village. Since theu the glory seems to have departed from the hannted mill. A converted rabbi inhabited the house for some time, and during bis stay the manifestations partially returned ; since then it has been cat up into tenements, and when I was in Newcastle Mr. Davidson informed me that there were strange sounds heard but nothing to compare to the infernal charivari which went on fifty years ago. A dunfermline ghost story. Mt. James Doby put up at an old commercial hotel at Dunfermline. He occupied a bedroom close to a sitting-room, and fonnd it was a very uncomfortable place to sleep in. He was restless and feverish, and being unable to sleep, he lay. turning from side to side, when to his great sur prise he saw the door open. Thinking that it was a thief he prepared to defend himself, but to his astonishment he saw a little old gentleman dressed in the coBtume of the last centnry, with lace ruffles at his wrists, knee breeches, a rapier by his side and his bat under his arm, cross the room to a large old cheBt, Taking a key from his pocket, he opened it and lifted the lid, and searched the chest. After looking for a long time, he closed the chest with a look of disappointment, and left the room by the door through which he bad en tered. Finding, next morning, that the door had been locked all night, Mr. Doby concluded he had been dreaming, and dismissed tbe subject from bis mind. 'Next mouth he occupied the same room, and, as morning approached,, he woice np and again saw the old man come in and go throngh the same search. He was quite awake and the mo ment his visitor turned to go he jumped out of bed to follow him, but found to bis astonishment the door locked, which a moment before he had seen open. He unlocked the door and went out upon the landing, bnt could Bee nb one. A third time he occupied the room the old. gentleman came again. Whenever he came a brilliant light .filled the room, which obscured the light of a small jet of gas which was burning. He tried to speak to it, bat failed ; be conld never find his voice. After the third visit be gave up sleeping in that room. Two yeats afterwards he again visited the inn, this time with his wife, to whom he uever had mentioned the fact of the apparition. As no other room was avuilable, his wife and he were quartered in the haunted ioom. In the middle of the night he was awakened by a brilliant ligbt, and he saw his wife get out of bed and try to open the door. She was very much excited, aud des cribing tbe old gentleman, said that he had entered the room, gone to the chest, and then had gone out again. a spectral searcher for the missing will. On making inquiries at the inn, he found that the old chest, which was always opened by tbe ghost, belonged to an old Roman Catholic family, who had once lived within a few miles of Dun fermline, When the family became extinct the effects were sold, and his box bought by the land lord of the inn. It seems that the old laird had quarrelled with his Bon for marrying his gardeuer's daughter, and had made a will leaving the estates to "a nephew, bnt afterwards, finding that bis nephew was a loose character, hu made another will restoring his son to his inheritance. His son, however, was abroad when the father died, and the nephew possessed himself of the property and made away with the second wills. The house keeper, however, knew of the will and told him that his father had left'him the: property by a will which was deposited in the old charter box. When, however, the son csffiC to look for the will liecenld not find it. His health was failing and his intellect was weak, and for some. weeks he searciied daily in that chest for . the missing will, and failing to find it, he died, and since that time his ghost seems to hare haunted the spot, aud when the box was transferred from the hall to the inn be went with the box. This is a very curious cash, and it would have been very interesting to have tried to photograph the defrauded beir when he came, night after night, to open the box and look for tbe miBsing will. A Kadok ready for in stantaneous use, and provided with flash light, ought to solve the question as to whether such ghosts possess sufficient objectivity to leave an impression of tbeir existence upon a sensitive plate. This is a type of a numerous family of ghosts of whose existence the phonograph may give us some hint by way of analogy. You speak into the phonograph, and for ever after as long as the phonograph is set in , action it will reproduce the tone of your voice. You may be dead and gone, but still the phonograph will reproduce your voice, while, with it, every tone will be audible to posterity. So it may. be iu relation to ghosts. A strong emotion may be able to impress itself npon surrounding objects in such a fashion that at cer tain times, or nnder certain favorable conditions, they reproduce the actual image and actions of the person whose ghost is said to hannt. 