Cricket. \- J Lovera of the good old game of cricket -wore sorely disappointed on Saturday, as the rain which fell in tho morning and continued throughout the day necessi tated the postponement of all fixtures which had been made for that day. There is little doubt had tho weather been fine, and in tho absence of anything elso in tho way of amateur sport, our metropolitan and suburban greens would have been liberally patronised. Those old opponents, Belvidore and Carlton, were to havo met on tho Association Cricket Ground, which is now in good order, and as many of tho seniors aro beginning to get into form, an interesting match should have been witnessed. Tho Junior competitions were to have been played on tho Royal Agricultural Ground, and the Printers' Cup competition waa to have boen advanced a stage. Should the weather prove favorable to-day (Saturday) all these matches will tako place, and owing to tho approach of the inter colonial matches many lovers of the gamo will doubt less attend in order to seo how our representatives will shape when trying to uphold tho honor of tho country. Tho Lowisham CC. journeyed to Picton and met the Pioton CC, the result being an easy win for tho locals by 65 runs. Tho local club scored 189, the principal contributors being Skellett (52) and Ray (44) not out. The visitors thon went to the wickets, and put together 124 runs ; E. Turnor (41), W. Piatrier (28), and S. Adama (17) not out batting best. S. ' Adams and P. Watkins bowled best for the losers, as "', did Rotten for tho winnora. ". ". Albermarle v. Alexandria Rosedale.-Played on the . latter's wicket at Waterloo, and tho game was won ' by tho former. Scores : Albermarle, 4 wioketa for 63 < (Lane 34 not out, Edwards 14 not out) ; Rosedale, 31 . (H. Barnes 8). Lane and Carrick bowled for tho winners, as did Haro and Prowse for the losers. Mr. J. M. Gibson presided over the monthly meeting ' of the committee of the New South Wales Cricket Association, which was hold at the Oxford Hotel, King- street, on Monday evening. The Viotorian Cricketers' Association wroto stating that tho inter colonial match in Melbourne would bo commenced on December 24. Tho Quconaland Crickot Association forwarded a letter withdrawing their offer to arrange a match in Brisbane with a Now South Wales team, as tho latter waa not considered of sufficient strength. A discussion ensued with regard to defaulters from tho "various clubs, and the following resolution submitted by Mr. Beal was agreed to-' ' That tho rules of the \- Canterbury Athletic Clubs' Protection Association respecting detaultors bo referred to a sub-committeo, consisting of Messrs. Abrams, Cohen, and Porlus, for report." Mr. P. Sheridan waa appointed manager and Mr. C. Bannerman umpiro for tho matches in Adelaide and Victoria. It was decided to send 12 men, and that they leave Sydney on December 12, for Adelaide A match was played on the TJnionRunningGrounds, Gosford, on Prince of Wales's Birthday, between tho local club and tho Britannia team. The visitors won, tho scores being : Gosford, 76 ; Britannia, 190. Electric Telegraph and Wollongong played on Prince of Wales'a Birthday, at Wollongong, and tho match resulted in a win for the former by 44 runs on the first innings. Play was stopped by heavy rain early in the aftornoon. Scores : Electric Telegraph, 105 (Hinchey 30, A. M'Grath 25 not out, J. Hall 15, Oaborno 13, Chapman 10) ; Wollongong, 61 (Beatson . 16). A match has been arranged for the 26fch instant, to ? ; bo played at Murrurundi, between tho Aomo and . . Tamworth Clubs. A cricket match was played at Murrurundi on November 9 between an el"ven of tho Murrurundi Cricket Club and a like number of tho Quirindiana, ' and waa won by tho latter, tho gamo being decided upon tho first innings. The contest between tho Tamworth and Armidale combined toama on November 9, on tho Armidale ground, waa a good one. Armidale acorod 217, and Tamworth 149 ; there waa only time for an innings each. The continuation of the unfinished contest be tween tho West End and the Albion Clubs waa pre vented on Saturday by the unplayable state of tho ground, owing to the late rain. At Rylstone, on November 9, a match waa played between a team from that town and a Mudgee eleven the former winning by 44 runs. Tho Mudgee Public School defeated tho Rylstono Public School tho scores , being : Rylstone, first innings, 32 ; second innings, | 27\. Mudgee, first inninga, 76. A second team of the I. Zingari CC mot an eleven of the Camdon CC. on Prince of Wales's Birthday, when tho local cricketers secured a very easy victory, the scoros being : Camden, 150 ; Zingari, 60. Tho game waa decided in one innings. For tho viotora score, Farquhar put up 69 and C J. King, 38 ; A. Diokaon, 17, was the principal scorers for the losers. The first of tho sorieB of matches for tho " Speight " Cup waa commenced at Nowra on Novembor 12, be tween teams from Coolangatta and tho Currambene. Tho latter team scored 109 rnns in their first inninga, and Coolangatta had lost three wickets for about 25 runs, when play had to be Btopped on account of the heavy rain. Tho matoh will be finished on a dato to be fixed by the association. On November 19 teams from Nowra and Pyree will try conclusions. On November 9 a team from tho Forbea Junior Cricket Club journey ed to Parkea to play against a team from the Parkea Club. The Forbes boys went to tho wioketa and put together 76 runs. A. Fraser (17) was the only batsman to get into double figures. Parkes then went in, making 52, A. Logan 29 not out, and N. Harvey 13 were the only batsmen who made any stand against the Forbea bowlers. F. and B. Gaggin, who took four and five wickets respectively ; Pepper and Logan boing the most successful trundlers for Parkes. Forbea then wont in for their second inninga, and at the call of timo they had Bcored 66 for no wickets ; R. Farrand 37 not out, and F. G aggin 26 not out, sundries 3. Tho match was drawn in favor of Forbes. The South Adelaide and Adelaide teams met on the Adelaide Oval on November 12. The former totalled 297 for tho loss of eight wickets, to which Martin contributed 90, and Roedman 67. The North Ade laides managed to get Hindmarsh out by 6 o'clock for 260 runs. Fred. Jarvis played brilliantly for 88, A. H. Jarvis made 50, C Chittleborough 39, F. King 27 not out, and Holbrook 27 runs. The third round of tho matches for the pennant of the Victorian Cricketing Association was commenced on November 12. Melbourne was drawn against North Melbourne, but a dispute arose over the .' " ground, the M.CC ground being occupied by the J bicycle Bporta. North Melbourne objected to ; play on tho Wesley College ground, because j it waa too email, and in favor of a Btrong J- batting team Uko their opponents. Melbourne claimed the match, but the North protested. Tho matter has boon referred to tho pennant committee. East Melbourne batted first against South Melbourne, scoring 219 for eight wickets, F. Lover not out 44, Horan and J. Harry each 31. Fitzroy loat six wicketa for 215 runs against St. Kilda, Worrall not out scoring 104, Meiling 56. In the match University against Port Melbourne the former lost Beven wickets for 259 runs. Alsop not out 95, Quirok 81. A cricket match wa3 played at Wagga on November 12 between the Lake Albert and Mechanics' Clubs, 13 men a side. It was won by the latter by Gi run3 on the first innings. Score3 : Mechanics, 100 (Shannon 41) ; Lake Albert, 3G in the first innings, and ten wic kets for 28 run=" in tho second. Marka obtained four teen wickets for 18 runs. At Murrumburrah on November 12 a cricket match took place between Cootamundra and Murrumburrah. The latter won by 4 runa. The acores were : Coota mundra, 90 ; Murrumburrah, 94. It ia rumored that an American eleven is to visit. England next year. FIGARO does not think they will ' havo a ghost of a chance against Surrey, Somerset shire, or Notts. A visit from a Dutch team is also proposed, but tho Dutchmen, if they go, will not at tempt to play A 1 England-nor Australia. W. Allingham and Harry Crossman have been chosen from Armidalo for tho northern team to play Warwick, Toowoomba, and Brisbane during Christmas holidays._ 