FOILED AT THE FINISH. A Detective Story, CHAPTER I. Confound the follow !" Sylvester Wade said it aloud, and I under my breath. Perhaps I had the more reason, for I had received a nasty knock on the knee from Wade’s bag. But then, it was my fault. I was making a reckless dash for tbo high level platform at Willosden Junction, and I, oarao into violent collision with tbo detective. Wo roeoilod and recognised each other. Then tbo (lash of anger was exchanged for a laugh—rueful on my side—and wo grasped hands. “You are in a hurry, Mr. Curtis.” “ I was ; but I have time to talk to you. ’’ "Ah, you nro on the look out for news. But I haven’t done much for you yet,The trail ' of our man is uncommonly haul to flo’d. Still,! think I shall do it. I’ve word from Iho north about it now, and I am taking tbo express to Liverpool. It is news that has come in an* odd way, but I am bound to tost it Wo mustn’t lot our party slip out of the country without leaving us au address. It is a little awkward for mo to go. There has been a robbery at Cadmor Manor—Mr. i Gerald Humber’s place. Know it? j "Yes; n little." I " Ho has wired mo to go down at once and got to the bottom of il. But I can’t: or, at all events,that must wait. My first obligation is .you—to run to earth the rogue who swindled your father so audaciously. I will try to effect that, if it is only because the trickster shows such good sport and has such a hag of ruses. I am on my mettle." “ Which means that wo shall win. ” And, indoodj I have never known a man in the spy business of to-day so clover, so successful, and withal so thorough a good fellow as Sylvester Wade. It was native aptitude not to bo repressed that had put him into his profession and that kept him there, oven when, as ho owned to mo, ho sometimes loathed it. "I hopo so." As Wade spoke, a rumble was in the air. Ho again pub out his hand. “Time’s up - she’s coming along,” ho said. "It’s rarely 1 have many minutes to spare, unless I figure for some reason as a station ghost But I don’t care about' driving the thing as closo as you do. I can’t afford to ho cat out of the running by, perhaps, some conspirator in a hurry. Hopo to wire you good tidings to-morrow. Ta-ta.” Tbo express was slowing in ; and I had a notion that Wade wanted to follow his own dovioca in selecting a scat and companion ship. I, therefore, accepted my dismissal, and was soon climbing the stairs again. I little thought that this meeting was part of a curious double chance which would shatter an ingenious picco of villainy and help mo to my own. Looking back, I see that I mot Wade in iho nick of time. His errand on my behalf is easily described. My father bad been rained tbroagh the machinations of scoundrels. Ho was an honest country gentle man—Curtis, of Paignton Curtis—and land values fell, and men farmed to Ihoir. rum. Ho fell a victim to monoy-londors, and they sucked him dry. There was cheating in tbo transactions that made him bankrupt and killed him with the blow. Wade was in pur suit of the rogue who had bagged the spoils. If ho could bo caught there was a probability that something might bo 'recovered and buy me a minor city partnership. I was waiting to see if it would bo so. What I had now heard had set mo face to face with another old problem. Nobody oould mention Cadmor Manor to mo without giving a fillip to my imagination and caused me to see visions. Mirage pictures, I called them, when sober sense began to criticise. But they came constantly, and they were fair, and I fed upon thorn when my days were full of desolation. I saw Iho daintiest maiden m all my homo shire smiling at mo because I called her, with strange, mad daring, Christie I —my Christie. And i saw the small oval face flush through its tints of soft olivo, and tbo hazel eyes first droop and then uplift with a wonder of faith in them. Some times there followed the vision of a pleasant fireside and of Christie Humber, changed into Christie Curtis, seated there, and making homo for tbo luckiest follow in tho great town. When tho steady consideration of bard facts wrung tho romance out of my mood, I had to admit that few things were loss likely than that this should soon corn© to pass. My fortunes wore under a cloud ; and though our old neighbor at Cadmor Manor was out wardly gonial when wo met, I was aware that tho sadden check to our intercourse meant that I was to harbor no foolish thoughts about his daughter. My prospects wore not brilliant before tbo catastrophe, they were now dubious in the extreme, Gerald Humber was a rich railway contractor, who had him self twice married well, and who would naturally look for a good match for Christie. Whatever words of dangerous regard had boon spoken when the story was only a threat must fall to tho ground. He would convince his daughter that as a serious suitor I was impossible. Yet when I reached my rooms there was a telegram lying on tho table from Christo’s father. It saidIf you want to hear of L. C., come immediately.” "L.C.” oould only mean Levi Col homo, which was tho namo (or alias) of the rascally schemer whom Sylvester Wade had gone to Liverpool to seek. -It puzzled mo olready. Of course, my deter mination was soon taken. I die* not under stand how Gerald Humber should have news of our man; but policy demanded that I should seize every chance of enlightenment. In addition, I might see and possibly speak with Christie, and tho thought quickened mo to eagerness. Tho telegram had not boon in long, and after reading it I did not lose an unnecessnry second. Twilight was beginning to closo In as I crawled up tho Manor Avenue in a lugu brious fly, which was all that Hontbury sta tion bad to oiler in tho way of road convey ance, It was a billy drive of more than three miles to Cadmoro Manor, As wo stopped, a light form, dressed in soft grey, tripped out into tho groat porch. My heart was heating os if a drum wore there —a treacherous mani festation, 1 had schooled myself all tho way to bo matter-of-fact and self-possessed, and to take a last look and a silent farewell and to let hopo finally drift away. But in Christie’s presence I somehow forgot good resolutions. " It is really you, Mr, Curtis,” sho said, with, 1 fancied, an odd liltlo break and quaver. “ 1 was almost afraid that the mes sage had missed, or that you could not como, Mr. Wade does not know that wo have sent for you. ” "Mr. Wado,” I ejaculated, helplessly. "Yes, Mr. Wade is hero. Yesterday was my twenty-first birthday—tho voice dropped to a musical whisper, and tho damask kindled on Christie’s ebooks—"and papa had in tended to give mo a ring—-a very expensive one, I believe; and it was stolon tho day be fore. Ho was very angry, and is still bent on finding the thief out. Mamma has a now lady’s companion, who ploosos her very much. Miss Kcsworth has the best testi monials, and sho recommended putting tho case into the hands of Mr, Wodo. Papa de cided to do so.” "Do you mean Mr. Sylvester Wado, Miss Humber?” “ Yob, that is tho name. I saw it on tho top of tho telegram. Ho w'irod first to say ho could not como, having to go to tho north on urgent duty. Then afterwards ho came. Ho had put aside iho other matter to plcaso papa—to cam a good fco I suppose that means. And it transpired that the business ho was on was yours. Whoa wo found that out wo did not quite like it; and papa sent to you thinking you ought, at least, to hoar what Mr, Wado had discovered In reference to this Levi Colbomc, and then, if you wish tho affair pressed on, papa will insist on Mr. Wade’s fnlfiling your orders,’’ • Tho girl paused, but I was wandering in a maze of conjecture, and was in no haste to respond, “Tho reason why papa was specially anxious to have the mystery cleared up and relievo our people of awkward suspicions, is because my jewels wore brought hero last night,” Christie wont on. "You remember t tom you that my own mother’s jewels wore to stay in a bank until I was twenty-one, and then wore to bo given mo. A confidential agent came down with them. They are mag nificent—much too fine for modest, insignifi cant mo.” A happy excitement dominated Christie’s manner, and her bright ingenuousness peri lously swayed my own feelings. "No, no," I said, in protest against her self-doprooiation. But a change in Christo's countenance stopped mo from going farther. We were still standing in tho ball, - and at that moment Mr, Humber appeared, ' CHAPTER II, Tho master of Cadmoro Manor camo from the library. Ilia greeting was frigid and noted like a douche of cold water, I mentioned that it hud so happened by a small ooineidonco that I had boon occupied on the other side of Hontbury during tho greater part of tho day, that I had roUpmcd to town, got his wire, and onco rnoro made for my old homo district. “ ft has como about at an inconvenient time,” ho said, stiffly, "lam sorry, but 1 fear you will liavo to put up for tho night at ** ho Red Lion, in Cadmoro village. Wo aro disabled just now, and cannot offer you hos pitality. Tho workmen are In one wing of tho house. Wo have also enlarged Iho es tablishment. Mi’s, Humber has now a lady’s companion. Wado, too, will bo slaying on tho*ground. I tako it." "Buy nolning about it. Mr. Humber,” I answered. “A comfortable ojd English inn is good enough (or me, and that is the charac ter I have always hoard given to tho Rod Lion at Cadmoro. ” , . " Yes; you will bo all right. Donkin will ho proud of a visitor from tho Manor,, parr iioularly one bearing your name, I presume that my daughter has told you, Mr. Curtis, bow it la tlmt Wado ia boro?” “Of course 1 have, papa." Chriatio put in, “ It ia a bewildering affair," I said. My words had dcopor meaning limn my hearers could guess, for had not 1 aeon the detective off for Liverpool? If ho really wont by tbo express bo could net poaaibly alter his course until Rugby was reached. No energy and no artifice could then have planted him at Cadmoro Manor within tbo time. I was at a loss to know what to make of it. The only surmise that seemed to offer a solution of tbo conundrum was that Wade changed his mind even as bo and I talked; but with a secrecy natural in the circum stances, did not say as much. 1 could - not positively depose that bo had.taken bis place m the train. However, as wo appeared to bo both under •the one roof, as, indeed, i bad boon brought hero to see him, it was likely X should have tbo truth. "I bote mysteries,” growled Gerald Hum ber; “and I will shrink from no trouble that will reveal tbo rogue who has made away with Christie’s ring. Wado gives mo to understand that ho has already a promising clue.” “If Sylvester Wado cannot help you, I fear the chances of recovery are small,” I answered. “I will tell him that you ore boro.” . But when the master of the house rejoined Christie and mo, together with Mrs, Humber and Miss Kcsworlh, in tbo drawing room, bis face had appreciably darkened. There was almost a scowl as ho glanced across at Christie. It was easy to see that bo blamed her. -1 learned later, what I suspected then, that it was Christie who had insisted that I ought to bo sent for. Shp had skilfully challenged bis honor on the point, and bad triumphed. But, noting tho accord between us, and perhaps a certain gaiety returned after absence to his daughter's mood, he was angry that bo had yielded, Tho more so because of what ho bad now to stale. “Well, the plan doesn’t work,” ho said. “Wado is touchy at tho interference. I might have guessed that is how it would be. Ho will not mix up engagements. ” “Bat ho has done so,” I interjected. Tho frown remained, but no attention was paid to my remark. “ Ho bos insisted all along on extreme caution and privacy regarding tho object of bis visit, and ho considers that wo are endangering everything. There is something in that. Of course the servants had no idea that a detective is in tho house. They do not know the real name. Wado is passing as a , Mr. Gimblo” I started. A queer reminiscence had come to me. But a moment’s thought seemed to show that any theory founded on this must ho absurdly far-fetched, and I did not really entertain tbo idea. “But ho has a duty to Mr. Curtis,” said Christie, with a bravo front and kindling eyes. “ I must leave Wado to fight his battles, when Mr, Curtis takes him to task. All that I have to do under present conditions is to report Wado’s views and* proposals. He will have nothing to say (o Mr. Curtis here. But if Mr. Curtis remains at tho ‘Rod Lion’ till three to-morrow afternoon, ho will meet him there. ” My pride was in arms. It was cavalier treatment, marked, as I considered, by tho coolest effrontery imaginable. This was tho worst of men who know that they had no real rivals in their profession or calling. They could bo ns high and mighty ns princelings. Bat, at least, it agreed with the hypothesis that Wado had tricked mo on tho Wilosdon platform. Tho feeling that he was in tho wrong, and had done a. mean thing and was trapped, would load' to an openly insolent lino of action,, Thordf is a defiance that serves for defence. It went against tho grain to submit, but where was my choice? “Please to inform Mr. Wado that I will make it ray business to keep that appoint ment,” I said bitterly. “It is a shnmo‘” cried Christie, Tho olattcr of a gong broke in opportanoly on a strained situation. “You will dine with us, Mr. Curtis?” said Mrs. Humber. She was a kindly harmless woman, whom rumor said her husband bullied. 1 hesitated. But Gerald Humber bad to tone down what was disagreeable to bis sense of courtesy in tho precautions bo had taken to ensure my leaving tho Manor that night. Ho would hoar of no refusal. When wo sat down 1 missed tho detective, hut, as domestics wore present, nothing was said. I sat opposite Christie and by the side of Miss Kesworth. To this now comer in tho Manor household I bad paid slight hood since tho introduction. In tho drawing-room she had tho faculty of effacing herself. But, now before I was aware of it, I was drawn out, and had spoken of my father’s misfor tunes, and of our hope and full expectation that wo should yet wind tho meshes of tho law about tho feet of Levi Colborno. It was only when the queries were taking mo into the domain of our painfully acquired and incomplete knowledge of Colborne’s subse quent movements that I awoke to the un wisdom of what L was saying. I had replied in nearly an automatic manner, my real interest ns much concerned with Christie, and Christie’s looks and Christie’s very occa sional words. Sylvester Wado would cer tainly have laid an embargo on my tongue, yet what could it matter if I had half dis closed tho hand wo hold at his friendly table. A woman is a gossip and curious by privilege of sex, and it was quite natural that Miss Kesworth should be interested in what bod been a more than nine days’ scandal of ' our countryside. My right-band companion bad a dulcet voice which expressed a soothing pity for me, and, hardening a little, waxed indignant with Colborno. “ A bad man. And Mr, Wado ought to bo looking tor him now instead of wasting time over my ring, I wish papa had never nought it for mo, ” said Christie. And for that sym pathy. what risks of premature disclosure would I not have run. “Levi Colborno must evidently bo a thorough rogue and a clover one,’’ observed Miss Kesworth. She rose in obedience to Mrs. Humber’s signal, and tho dinner _ was at an cud. I should have found it unutterably formal and prosy but for my fair girl’s pi oenco, Gerald Humber bad already boon called away, or perhaps Christio would not have uttered her thoughts so freely. I now took ffli’owoll, saying that I would meet Mr. Humber, at any rate, before leav ing the neighborhood on tho morrow. But Christie refused to sco her mother-in- law’s puckered eyebrows and Liny shako of the head. She slipped out with roe into tho oll fashioned scented garden. It was to ho only a stop, for nuld lang syne. But young hearts dircot tbo foot to other paths than those of prudence, and somehow tho memory of old walks together was with us—walks that had meant so much* though so litllc was said and wo strayed from the plain track to tbo gate, and wo woro on tho side of the house that was most in gloom and the warm, unpremedi tated word came. Even no soon tho half of my wild dreams was made true. Tho .foot can bo suooinctly told—a short episode: lifo at its zenith; Christio won. Wo had forgotten Sylvester Wado and Lovi Colborno, and, I greatly fear; | Gerald Humber also. But suddenly Christio said— “Hush, Cyril. What docs this mean?” (TO BB CONTINUED). 