By the EiOtta Fountain. Threo umknown, but blighted individuals met at midnight under the reflections from tbe old iron of Lotto's Fountain. " This town is no place for mo," said the first. " Although lam tho Original Matri monial Bureau, my fame is overcast. Mayer's Bureau for Privato transaction with poor and hungry foreign princes has cooked my goose forever." "Look ot mc," whispered a second. "I wob portly and rich; now I am only a ghost of myself. I wasau Endowment Association, and a party named Tobin exposed my littlo game of Assurance." ' "Foolish ones I" said a third, "You have mado bad breaks, and must lie low for a while. But you, my dear Matrimonial, will still find Country Flats and Oity Dudea. You, my respeoted Endowment Association can pull up stakes and go to Seattle. . But I have no such resource. lam Completely Dif.hed."- He pulled aside his cloak, and gazing upon him, they shrank in dismay. " You ore right," thay sail!, speaking to gether. "We cannot associato with you any longer, A Life-3aving scrvico that does not Save Life is somewhat of a blunder, Go bury yourself in a sand-hill." Benjamin Franklin was once travelling in oold weather and saw no vacant place at tho tavern-firo where ho could warm himself. He cried out tba order: "Half a peck of oysters in tbe sholl for my horse." Upon thi?, all tho fire-placo crowd rushed out to see a horee eat oystera. Very soon tho hustler returned and said: " Why, sir, your horso won't eat the oysters." " Wont he ?" said Fronkiin, now comfort fortably seated by th? fireside j " well, thon, briug tham in and cook them nnd I 'II oot them myself." A householder diaoovered that a spark from.a neighboring conflagration had fallen upon his own slightly slanting roof, and hod cci fire to the shingles. All the buckets and tubs had gone to tho big fire, and there was no ono to send after tbem, even had there been time for ouch a measure ; but the man was equal to tho emergonoy. He rushed to a pond near by, nnd deliberately sat down in the water. To run upstairs and out upon tho roof wob the work of a moment, and thon ha " sat on " tha fire in more senses than one, and saved the house. . ? It is oharacteristio of somo good-natured men always to agree with those with whom they converse. It is with them a point of politoneE? never to difTor, whioh sort ot politeness is certainly a very amiable kind of tact. Wo have a capital instance ot tha value ot this policy in tho sensible speech of the man who, during one of the Belfast riots, was asked by .1 mob what hia religion was. Hs did not know whether his interrogators were Catholics or Protestants, bat ho looked at their weapons, their bludgeons, and their firearms, surveyed oil carefully ond answered : '' Gentlemen, lam of the samo opinion cs that gentleman there with the big axe." A CotoNEL in the Frenoh army who had o great eye for neatness, but not muoh of an car for mnsio, took occasion one day tooom pliment bis bond-mqeter on the appearance of his men. " Their uniforms are neat," said the colonel, "and their instruments are nicely poliahcd and kept ia order, but thero is ono improvement that I must insist upon." " What is it, colonel ?" " You must train you men, when tbey.por forra, to lilt tVir Augers ell at exactly tho same timo and at regular icteivala on their instruments, od- one, two I one, two I" The eel lays it - ffgp, or bungs forth its young al'vo. in the sen, where in ono haa a obonco to oiiFerve tbe proersp. Other /inlicpt, likn the /hzO, Irava tbo mean to ppawn in fresh water slrennH, 1 ut this curjr.u-i f.nd tl>'p|.r-ry ouston'cr coin precis, ly the ic-vree. The yer.ng r?-t-, nrwly 1 orn r,r hafohed, leave the r.alt wiilcr, end rnt.l:c tht-ir way in niicica up tho rivers island. 