FETTERS OF FIRE. BY COMPTOH" EEADE, Author of "Take Care Whom You Tru3b," "Under Which King?" "HardLines,"&o.; [Published by special arrangement with tha author. All rights reserved.] CHATTER XVI.-{Gontimiea.) Among other investments hazarded by Charley was one strongly recommended by a stockbroking friend to whom he had been originally introduced by MissTiddy Tarbottle. The said friend may, or may not, have bean personally interested iu the promotion of the bequentia Gold, Silver, and Copper Mining Syndicate. Anyhow, he coaxed Charley into i risking a matter of five thousand pounds in this venture, which presented »a very rich range of | metallurgical possibility to a vivid imagina tion. Now, if the truth ba told, this large sutn represented quite two-thirds of the capital subscribed, consequently the promoters trusted for their profit to the chance of the shares obtaining some sorb of value when a dividend had been delared. They had secured a pliable board of directors, and after the first twelve months had no difficulty in persuading those gentlemen to declare a ten per cent, dividend. The money, however, was paid not out of the profits gained by raising gold, silver, or even copper, but by the nominal vendors-thanks to a little clever financial manipulation whereby this arrangement re mained a secret. Then, a3 a matter of fact, the shares did find a market-or rather some of them-and had Charley been wide-awake he would have realised his, even at a loss. He let the chance slip. The next year there was no dividend whatsoever, and the next saw this precious concern in liquidation. Now, tlio Jinks clan had not forgiven Charley for his cool broadbide, and when ib transpired that he stood in the unenviable position of principal contributor to the funds of a wretched bubble they, in plain English, wanted to know. Lady Jinks had made it up with Kate some time back, and she took the earliest opportunity of informing her niece's mind as to what had happened, enquiring slyly whether the five thousand came from her own or from her husband's private purse ? Kate was horrified and for once showed her teeth. "Pa told me on his deathbed," she whis pered, " to hold fasb my own money under my own control, and I promised him solemnly I would do so, and I did mean to keep my word to him, only you compelled me to break it." Charley looked foolish. " The affair was a swindle," he replied, " and the people deserve to be prosecuted." "Yes," cried Kate, "but that's no good. Perhaps the rest of the money is also in tho hands of thieves. I. don't know. I ought at least to have been consulted." "You signed the transfer of consols," mut tered he. "Perhaps. And I wish I hadn't. Lady Jinks asked, too, why the shares were nob bought in my name? The money was mine." "Lady Jinks is a mischief-making woman, and I won't stand her interference. It's bad enough to have lost so much." " But what about the rest?" " Oh, that's all safe enough," " How am I know?" "You'd better leave that to me. Surely I'm as much interested as you are? Why do you suspect?" She made no reply. Perhaps ib was his judgment rather than his honesty that she doubted, yet the effect on her mind wa3 un fortunate. When he came back a welcome and a cordial one had greeted the truant. With the wild confidence of a silly heart she sur rendered everything to him, and now began to learn that it had been misplaced. Moreover, onms ignolum pro inajnfjico. She did not know what financial ghosts might not be in the background. The very fact of his dogged reticence wore an ugly look, and uhey might be tottering on the verge of ruin for all she could surmise. Things were not come to that pa33 by any means, the bulk of her fortune having been invested in superior securities, but there were other speculative investments besides the Sejuentia Mines, and these her husband did not care to disclose. A little candor perhaps would have saved considerable friction in the proximate future. 