Superstitious People. Tjiere is anintorostingpaporin Chamber's Journal upon ' Strango disoasop and Strnngo Romodios' as obsorvod and practised in Ireland. Crodulity and suporstition nro not confinod to tho lower clnssos alono in Iro land. A story told mo ns an aotual fact by au oduoatcd lady, tho daughtor and sistor of a clergyman, might vory woll bo olnssod n« an instance of both. Wo woro discussing tho subjoot of charms, and I was surprised to soo thnt sho boliovod in thom liorsolf, as 1 did also hor rovorond brother. ' I cannot doubt what I knowf to bo truo mysol,' sho said; and told us tho following talo, which I givo in hor own words: — 'Thoro was a man in our village, nrospoctabloshopkoopor who was afilictod with an onormous tumour in hia chook. I woll romombor tho footings of awo and curiosity with which I usod to inspoct his profila in church whon I was a child. Ho sat a fow pews in front of us, and I could not resist tho tomptation of watching him half through tho servico, and looking for tho grotosquo offocts of his 1 onormously exaggerated chook. His in firmity soomed to incrcaso with yoars, and tho poor man was a frightful objoct. Ono day not long ago I passed a man in the villngo stroot whoso faco I sooraod to know, and yot I could not think of his narno. It suddenly dawned upon mo it was Mr.— — without his swollen chook ! I could hardly boliovo my sonsos, and followed him into a shop on purposo to boo if it reully could bo tho man I had soon only tho Sunday boforo, so marvellously changod in such a short timo. Yes, it cortainly was Mr. ? . Ho addressod mo first saying, ' I supposo you hardly rocogniso mo and ho thon told mo how ho was curod. It was by a charm ! He was advisod to go out tho first night tho now moon wns visihlo, and aftor saying 'In tho nnmo of tho Father, Son, and Holy Ghost,' to wnvo a dinnor plato round his head nine timos towards tho now moon. Ho did so ; and in tho morning his tumour had com plotoly disappeared,' Such was tho talo told to mo and implicity boliovod in by an oducated Irish lady. Tho lowor ordor of Irish aro as a rulo rathor hypochondriacal, and thoy aro fond of trying peculiar romo dios for.thcir ailments. Afnvouritopoultico for wounds is a parfiln candlo scraped and spmo cabbage, all boiled togothor. A simplo but rathor unpleasant remedy for a cut log was rocommondod to an old man — it was ti sit with his log in a bog holo all night. This ho triod with perfect success. His iog got quito woll ; but, as ho diodof bronchitis a fow days afterwards, ho did not long en joy his ' perfect euro.' A carpentor, who, in chopping wood, had cut a slico off his shin bono with tho hatchet, first appliod a poultico of nottlos and salt. This not hoal it immediately, ho put ou a bandago soaked in Yonico torpontino. As tho wound re mained obstinato, and ovon got worao undor his gontlo troatmont, ho determined to bo firm with it and show it ho would stand no moro nonsenso ; so ho burned it with bluo stono! Ho did not lose tlio leg, but did not rocovor until loss heroic remedies woro used. A poor man suffering from inflammation of tho oyo caused by n thorn, had blueatono blown in. Ho did loso tho oyo. A favourite remody for ovory kind of internnl pain is hot vinegar punch ; indoed, vinegar takeu oithor cold or hot is conaiderod almost a specific for ovory thing. It must bo comfort ing in some casos ! It is muoh used for a ' squoozin ' on tho lioartj' which is tho commonest complaint of all. Thoy aro a kindly and sympathotio raco, nlwnys roady to help each other in casos of sickness, eithor with nursing or good ndvico, but I fear in most cases tho remedies proscribed aro worso than tho disoaso. A village tragedy occurred in nay own knowlodgo. A young black smith whoso wifo had presented him with their first baby was horrified to find that tho infant had boon born with tooth. So un usual an ovont must bo unlucky; so tho poor baby's tooth woro drawn by tho un skilled hand of tho blacksmith. Tho baby diod ; and tho mother, shocked and griovod by tho scono, diod soon aftorwards, ' But suro, lio'd novor havo had luck or graco if thom unlucky tooth hadn't boon drew.' 