A Strange Chance. CHAPTER VI. (continue!) * BpT she never s*w him psristsrl Mrs. Henderson. ' 8he told me afterwards that that terrible afternoon there seemed a tnisc before her eyes ; sh« hod to grope about almost like ;i blind person, and all our facss looka:l like so many shadows to her.' 'I thought 6he was overwrought,' ?observed the doctor. ' Well, it's a ?bad business to think 01 that chil-l alone in the grnat world, and I'd ml her believe she was marriej, oven if her liusband wasn't very rich or grand T.'.lk of unjust will's and the harm they do ! I never Irjard of n will that did so much misehisf as the waut of one has clone hore. Thnrcs one of the, pleasantest houses in th« country shut up, and its master wondering about like a restless ghost instead of settling down as a family man, while as for ?Gwendoline, she. has vanished from our lives as completely as though she had never lived here.' 'Poor Alice '.' said Mrs. Henderson, thoughtfully ; ' we used to say her youth was troubled enough, but her child's seems worse.' The rector, however, kent a cheer ful face in spite of everything. 'It will all come right some day,' lie said, decidedly. 'Gwendoline was head-strong, and a little wilful, but her heart was in the right place. One of these days she'll learn what a good fellow Ross is, and how badly she treated him ; and they'll be friends, and she'll take the share of Mr. Grig son's fortune.' It must be confessed no one else was so sanguine. Old General Lester was dead. s Charley and his mother had left the Grange, when; Bernard and his wife now lived. Young Mrs. Lester was an old friend of the Hen derson's. Though rather Gwen's senior they had played together as ?children, and her opinion of the mys tery was soon demanded. ' I don't believe Gwen has married for money,' said Amy, simply, ' and I don't like, that letter , it seems to say -she has doue something you wouldn't like, and so she keeps out of your way for your sake,' ' Amy, you're a Job's comforter.' Amy Htuiled half wistfully. 4 1 used to think Gw-n the happiest girl I ever knew,' n.m said, gravely, but I al' .ys felt if trouble came to her she would suff;1 terribly, just he cause she was so proud and loving. I don't believe t-.i6 has married for money, because I don't think she could. Gwen was too proud to tell a He, and what elso would it be to stand at the altar and swear to love a man ?he hated r So the mystery remained unsolved. The second Christmas after the squire's death found the Manor House shut up. Mr. Boss said the loneliness of life in the country was more than he could bear, and had gone to London for the winter. He left an excellent agent to attend to business matters. He sent « liberal clieque for parochial charities, but it was evident to all that he had no love for Moreton. He shunned the place where his uncle had been so happy, and which Gwendoline loved with every fibre of her heart. When he said good-bye to Mrs. Henderson he as good as hinted that he might not return. . ? It is a lovely place,' he said, speak ing of the Manor House, ' but it never seems my home. Miss Moreton'a pre sence haunts my room. 1 always feel like a usurper, who has driven forth the rightful owner. I am getting morose and melancholy. I shall be better in London, where we can't get 'so self- centred. But you must pro mise me ono thing — if e\er you hear of Miss Moreton you will let me know, I desire nothing more eagerly than to right the wrong my uncle's sudden death inflicted upon her.' Mr*. Henderson gave the promise, cot a little impressed by the solemnity ?of. the young man's manner. The next day he went to London, and months foiled on without a mention of his re turn'. CHAPTER VII. -)nk day in January, a cold, biting frost, an east wind, and a promise of , «now- — just the sort of morning- when ? £ girl; would ilingar -lovingly over the .;?. j (?«*-«?(»?»*? v.'jl'*-. ?'?'?'? ' ' - ''. ; ?, ?' ;._j fire — and yet. despite the unremitting aspect of the weather, the gold«n haired mainden who had once been Isaac Gfigson's darling fastened her ulster and sallied forth into the street. Doctor Arnold's theory had boon mistaken. Gwendoline had not mar ried, and yet her name was changed. She wrote truly she had ' made, hor choice and must abide by it,' for she be lieved the step sho had taken would | sever her for ever from all her former ; friends — in a word, the last of the Moretons was an actress. . At the time Miss Stone's petty slights goaded Gwen into leaving Para gon House, the girl went first into quiet lodgings at Kilburn while she thought out liHr future. She knew enough of her ex-«mpluyer to feel sure she would tell anyone referred to har ot Hoi berts infatuation. J.t see in eel to Gwendoline her very beauty was a drawback to her in hor new life as a working woman ; aud quite suddenly there flushed across her mind a pro phecy of an old professor who had once taught her singing. ? It is a pity you are a great heiivss, Miss Moreton, for on the stage you would make your fortune, just liv your face.' This one career remained, then, in which her beauty would cease to beau impediment. Certainly, the simple folk whom she li.-id left behind in More tun would be horrified ; hut it .seemed to Gwpn she had done with those old peaceful times. She was nearly twenty two, and she possessed htt.y pounds a year. Unless she was prepared to live on this meagre sum, or accept charity, she must earn money. Teaching had proved a ge.ntei-'l torture. She was reckless, and raiherenjoyedthe. thought of Mrs. Luster's horror and the mild dismay of the other Midrlleshire ma trons, if they ever heard of her es capade. Shegotanengagement easily enough. The manager to whom she iipplied knew that her grace and beauty would charm all eyes. Miss Winter (it seemed to Gwen an appropriate niune, to choose, siuce surely the summer uf her life was over) received three pounds a week, and was only expected to make a few trivial remarks, and look pretty. For five months now Gwendoline had done this ; for twenty weeks sho had filled subordinate parts, which needed neither intellect nor ability, and her heart was sick of it. She knew per fectly she was paid her salary just be cause of her face. She bad made the plunge, outraged all the prejudices she had been taught to believe in, by going on the stage, and, lo ! she was not an actress, only a pleasant object to greet the eyes of the audience. She was not in poverty. Throe pounds a week will keep one girl very comfortably incheapapartments. Gwen paid her way ; but, oh ! the loneliness of it. She did not take to her com panions at the theatre ; their pleasures would have seemed impossible to her. Day after day she spent alone in her dull little sitting-room, leaving Kil burn punctually every evening at six, and returning at eleven (she did not play in the burlesque) ; from week to week, and month to month, she went on just the same, and she loathed her life so much that she almost regretted her prim existence at the Paragon House. But this January morning there was just a shade of hope on Gwen's beauti ful face. A new piece was to be read at the Polygon by the author himself, and it was just possible a part might be found for her with more scope than that of a walking lady ; instead of re peating two or throe sentences by rote, she miffht have to think and act. There was not much chance, for no one at the theatre seemed to credit Miss Winter with any gift but h lovely face. Still Gwen hoped on. A bright fire burned in the green room, and the company were assembled, with one exception. Miss Armitage, who usually took the leading parts at the Polygon, was absent. She had been favoured with a sight of the new play, and had sent a note tef using to take the heroine's part unless scope was given her for the display of several splendid dresses, instead of appsaring only iu one costume, and that plain and unpretending. Perhnps the manager was -a. little., tired . of. Miss Annitage's caprices, for he did not postpone the ' reading Of the play, 'but quietly intro ducing Mr. Keith to the company, asked him to begin. It was a comedy-drama, setting forth the trials and sorrows of one heroine, who, in the end, came tri umphantly through them all. But Linda Dolamerewas a real character, not a shadowy personage. Her love, her grief, and pain needed talent to portray them, tuid the piny was worthy of its heroine. 'Twilight' was Mr. Keith's first drama, but it had charmed Mr. Mou teith when he had read it, and, being in search of a novelty for the Polygon, he had closed with the author on the spot. Mr. Keith's audience listened to him with breathless interest. He was quite a young man, and, in spile of a .slight melancholy, docidedly good look ing. He had a rich, musical voice, and in reading he did full justice to his own work. When he had finished there arose a storm of applause, and then Mr. Mouteith informed the author of Miss Armitage's caprice. The answer was prompt enough. ' 1 cannot make the change, sir. My Linda is a true-hearted woman, not a dressed-up doll. Cannot you find an other heroine 1 I have seen Miss Armitage act, and I don't consider her suited to the part of Linda.' Mr. Mouteith demurred. He did not say in so many words that most leading actresses had already secured engagements, and that, failing Miss Armitage, be might be left in th lurch. Mr. Keica drew him a little aside, and said, in a-i undertone — ' The Linda I should choose is in the room now. Mr. Monteith, who is the young lady in black with the gelden hair ?' 'You must mean Miss Winter, I grant you she is beautiful enough for anything, but she has no brains. I merely engaged her for her face.' ' I believe she has brains, if not genius. Will you let her attempt the role of Linda ? ' It would be madness !' ' I promise you if, aftisr a week of | rehearsals, you are not satisfied, I will give up the point. I ask you to do me this favour only because I am eer tain 6he will succeed. I noticed her face when I first came in.' The manager hesitated. Finally he announced that until a substitute for Miss Armitage was found Miss Win ter would ' read ' the part of Linda. ' Mr. Keith has taken u fancy to you,' he explained, thortly, ' and won't believe the part is beyond you. Of course, he will soon see his mistake, but I will compensate you for the ex tra study and loss of time, even thouch you never nnnear in the role.' 'Mr. Monteith, if I prove the part is not beyond me, may I keep it f ' Of course ; but you don't know what you arc undertaking.' Mr. Keith was leaving the theatre ac the same time as Gwendoline, and not unnaturally walked with her to wards the omnibus. 'My sagacity is at stake, Miss Winter,' he said, pleasantly. ' I have told the manager you are my ideal Linda, bu^ I don't think you will fail me.' ?I hope not. Oh! Mr. Keith, if you knew how I have longed for a chance — just one chance— of proving I am worth something better than just to show off fine clothes.' ' Are you fond of Acting f 'No,' she answered, passionately, ' I hate falsehood, I cannot say I am devoted to my profession, because I hate it. I had to work, and I thought I should like it better than teaching ; then, when I found out my mistake, it was too late to turn back. I hate shams, and yet I have taken a salary just for posing on the stage as a lay figure.' 'Never |tnind,' said Keith, brightly, tyour chance has come now. Be true to your-elf, show the public what you can do, and 'Twilight' will make us both famous.' ' Is it true it is your first piece f ' Quite true. I have always wanted to write, but until lately I dared not give myself up to it. . I was at busi ness from nine till five, others de pended on me, and I' dared 'not give up a certainty for the chance my piece would bring me gain.' ? And didu't you hate UP 'Hatewhatf ' ' fiie being obliged to work at some thing else.' ' I don't know,' he said, gravely. ' I came into some money last year, enough to enable me to give up my situation, but I am not sure but that being idle has been harder. work than skiing behind a desk for eight hours a day.' They were at Charing-cross now. Keith handed her into a Kilburn omnibus, and they parted ; but though G wen's thoughts on her way home were pretty full of 'Twilight,' she could not quite forget the author and his sad, thoughtful face. ' I don't suppose the will let me keep Linda,' sljo said to herself, regret fully ; 'bui, oh! I wish they would. 1 should like to show Mr. Keith he was not iiii.stiLicc.il.' CHAPTER VIII. For the first time since she had left Moietn;!, Gwen f-;lt light-hearted. For the first time for many a week the day .seemed all too short for her. Keith's i;oiilideueain Iwr bad well nigh restored her faith iu hersslf. It si'ctiied to Gwendoline that if she succeeded in ths part of Liud.i, if she brought the unknown author fame, she should be well-nigh content. Hiss Armitage was simply furious when she was informed her services would no longer be required at the Polygon after the run o£ the present piece, and she told the manager with scornful frankness he must be mad to entrust, the chief part of the new drama to an amateur. This was when 'Twilight' had been on rehearsal about three weeks, and Miss Winter had surprised every one by the strange power and talent she suddenly developed. ' Well,' said Mr. Monteith, smiling, to the discomiitod lady, ' I can't quarrel with you for saying so, because it is just what I thought myself. However, Keith' declared she was made for the part, and I begin to think he was right.' Some weeks later, on a blustering March evening, Gwen's fate was de cided. It was the first night of 'Twilight,' and she knew chat in a few hours her future would be settled. Success or failure, that was what this first performance of 'Twilight' would mean, not only for her, but for Mr, Keith. They had met several times since their first introduction, and Gwendo line was strangely interested ir. the grave, thoughtful-looking man, who seemed almost as much alone iu the world as herself. Mr. Keith seemed very anxious about the success of his play, and yet it was reported in the green-room th.it he was well off and did not need money. 'The fact is,' said Minnie Hazle wood, a very da-liiug young lady who took chief part in the burlesque which was to follow 'Twilight'— 'the fact in, Mr. Keith is hopelessly in love, and his divinity has declined, to smile, on him until be has made himself famous.' ' Isn't he married V ' Oh ! dear no. He lives in bachelor chambers near tlw Strand. Even Mr. Monteith knows nothing about him : but he must be well off, for I saw him the other day driving in Piccadilly with a servant in livery behind.' ' H« is a gentleman,' remarked Miss Winter, quietly ; ' anyone can see that.' And now the night had come. Strung up to a pitch of bewildering excitement, Gwendoline seemed to forget everything but her pirt. The audience, the manager, and even the author himself were nothing to her. She was Linda Delamere, the farmer's daughter, and she had no thought beyond. At last the curtain fell. Miss Winter leant against the wings for support, and listened to the deafening noise from the front of the house, which seemed to increase every moment. \- What does it mean ? she asked, in a strange, dazed sort of of way. * Why do they make such a noise V Mr. Monteith smiled. He could iiflord to smile, for he knew that a long run of good luck had begun for his theatre. ' It means that Keith was right, my dear young lady,' he said, blandly, 'and that youjure ati ideal Liuda Delamere.' Three times was the heroine let before the curtain to receive the ap plause (»f the audience, then Mr. Keith, iu reply to repeated calls for the author, bowed his acknowledge ments from a private box, after which he hurried ' behind' in time to meet Miss Winter issuing from her dressing room, with a white, tired face, on which, however, was a strange new sweatness. ' Are you content ?' she asked him. .'lam more than content,' he re plied, gravely, 'lain delighted.' The next clay favourable criticisms; of ' Twilight ' appeared in all the papers ; thn unknown author and the little-thoughl-of .'ictniss awoke to find themselves famous. Mr. Mouteith. actually came iu person to call at the humble Dilburn lodgings, and discuss with Miss Winter the amount of her future salary. He found her strangely modest, in her views. She told him simply she did not care for much money. Six pounds a week for the run of the piece seemed to her most liberal. ' Hut, you know, you'll soon change your mind,' he said pleasantly. ' You'll learn the value of money soon enough when you get used to spending if' A strange look erased her face. ' When my father was alive he* allowed me a hundred a year for pocke.t-munfty,' she. said simply, ' and whatever I wanted he bought for me. I am used to being rich, and I am- used to being poor, Mr. Monteith, but 1 don't want to try any fresh experi ence with money.' ' You ought, to go into Society,' ho urged. ' With your face aud talents it is wrong to hide yourself like this'' 'No one would care to know me,*' replied G weir ? Don't you see I have lost my moorings, Mr. Mouteith ? I have broken away from my old life and everything now seemed strange to me.' ' Well, come and see us,' suggested the manager, kindly, for he w,vs touched, in spite of himself, by the sadness in her voice. ' My wife is ona of the quiet ones too, and I shouldn't wonder if you and she becomes friends.' The manager's wife was a gentle, sweet-faced woman, who never went to the Polygon, and she was as quiet as though she had passed all her life in a country village. Her pretty home at Clapham, and her threo children claimed her atten tion when her husband was at tlte theatre. A few chosen friends «he received jmd made welcome at the Laurels, but she never gave large entertainments or theatrical parties. Her husband used to Kiiy of her she whs a staunch friend, but a very luUe warm acquaint ance. Gwendoline had never lind a friend of her own age — Mrs. Mouteith was but two years her senior — and her whole heart went out to her visitor. She even yielded to the request that she would r.pend Saturday afternoon^ at the Laurels. 'Mr. Keith is coming,' said Mrs. Montieth, 'and I think you know him already. I have not seen him, but my husband is delighted with him.' ' I think he looks good,' said Gwen, simply, ' but he seems very grave.' Saturday was a fine March day, with ali the brightness of early spring. Gwendoline, who had not entered a house that was at all a home since she left Moreton, thought the Laurels alnost perfect. Mr. Monteith showed to advantage in his own abode, and when Arnold Keith was announced Gwen had quite forgotten this was her first visit. * Do you know,' said Mrs. Monteith. to her liusband, after their guests had left thorn, ' I should not be surprised it. those two fell in love.' ' My Dear Gerty, Miss Winter is as cold as an icicle, and Keith looks as though he had done with that sort of thing long ago.' Gertrude held firm to her own opinion. * He looked nt her as though he was half captive already, and when I asked her before what she thought of him, she blushed and said he was ' very good.' I am sure they are just suited te each olhor. (To be continued.) 