As FRIENDLY SERVICE. From IDA Sar?onro to GRACE RUSSELL. Villa Bellina, Nice, let June. RACE, my dearest, dearest friend, I am half wild. To you only can I reveal asy sorrow, my faithful one. My misery is complete. A cruel and unexpected blow has fallen on me. Listen : You know that I have been staying here for the past week with mother, the doctors having ordered her ( South at a day's notice. I could not find it n my heart to ask my husband to accom pany us, just as the London .Season hadi commenced, and it is impossible to rejoin him before the end of the month. Yesterday the English post brought me guess what! An anonymous letter, written in an unknown, and manifestly disguised hand, informing me that my husband is carring on an intrigue with Mrs. St. George -that tall, stout woman with reddish hair, and a deservedly bad reputation. You must know her: one meets her everywhere. I am jealous, you well know, but I believe this person to be dangerous. Somehow, all the men admire her, but I think her absolutely horrible. I am informed that she was very intimate with George before our marriage, and that now the intimacy is resumed. What to do 1 know not, but I feel persuaded that you will advise me wisely and well. You are so clever. At this time all London is about, and one meets everyone. You are certaini to see him and perhaps her also. Watch, observe, and tell me what you see. My dearest Grace, remember your friend is tortured with cruel doubts, which she desires to dispel, that uncertainty is killing her, and that she prefers the truth at all cost, bitter taough it may be. Reply at nnce--watch closely. Think of me, dearest Grace; for you, my mother, and my child ore all I have in the world to love.-Yours for ever, IDA. (;RACE RUSSEL.L to IDA SEYMOU.I 1000, Half-Moon-street, Piccadilly. 4Ith June. You are mad, my poor friend, absolutely etark, staring mad ! Take heart, and be reasonable. You have received n an anony mous letter from some spiteful, jealous woman ; for such epistles always come from women. An anonymous letter ! Whoever rpays the slightest attention to such a thing? Burn it ! Burn it ! I! you only knew how many I received in the lifetin:eof lMr. Russell -but I never took the least heed of them. Nevertheless they sometimes spoke the truth --but peace to his memory. As you have often observed, I am happily indepen. dent and still young-only 32 a fewr days ago. You are by five years my jnunir. Follow my example-don't worry yoursell away with trouble. But, to return to your letter-well, it would give re m the greatest satisfaction to destroy it, and think no imore, of it. You have a husband who loves you, of this I have no doubt. You area happy woman to be so loved. Your husband is wealthy and generous-you have a lovely child ; in fact you possess everything a woman :ould desire. But you are jealous. Do not leceive yourself. Even admitting that there is some truth in the letter, is it not better that yous should close your eyes to it ? I can see you jump off your chair as you read these wordls. .My dear, I have had more experience of the world than you. Notwithstanding the fact that I had little depth of affection for my late husband, I suffered in feeling that I was deceived. It wounded my amour propre. W'hat cal we poor women do in such a case ? Hold our tongues, that is all. You complain that Mrs. St. George is dangerous, and that her repu tation is faulty. Well, so much the better, for I am persuaded that your hushband Is pure at heart, and if he have any stupid fancy for this woman, it is only a passing one. Now surely you see clcarlr there is no serious cause for anxiety. As to myself, it is hardly necessary to assure you that there is nothing I would not do for you; and if you itsist, although it is repugnant to me to play the part of a spy, I will do what you, wish. But you will not insist, I feel cer tain.-Your old and sensible friend, Gr.AC. IDA SEYMtOUR to GRACE. RUosEt.. Nice, Stlh mune. Certainly I insist, and that notwithstand. nag your advice. Be frank with me at once;and if I ask too much in expecting this service from you, I must, be released from this state of uncer tainty. I must know all. 1 beliervd th:t. I could h?v? counted on you. as you could on me in a similar circumstanee. To me it . appearn that true friendship has no scruples, and never hesitates to render a service to a yovrd one. But perhaps I am wrong : your reply will prove this.-With fondest love, ImA. From Gnact RUSSEL.o. to IDA SEYyus;r London, 12th lJune. Your letter wounded me deeply, Ida. You believed that my friendship f?ltered, 'when it was my reason which hesitated. But, since you persist, notwithstanding all I have said to dissuade you, and since you question my affection for you, I no longer hesitate. You cancount on me--I iharesharp eyes, and will do all that is possible to find out whether your fears have any fouadation. Now we understand one another. I thought of you only ; and if anything disagrecable happens, you will hare no right to Ieproaeh mn. Come what. may, believe always in the frcendship and affection of your faithful and devoted friend, eruct: P.S.-On Thursday night Mrs. Leldie receives. Your husband is pretty certain to ba there, and perhaps theladyalso. I know she goes there frequently. 1 shall be there. Ira SEY?OURn to GRACE RUSSELl. Nice, 15th .luie. Thanks - my darling Grace, thanks. Pardon me. I was, indeed, thasty :ind unjust; but I was suffering horribly. Yon are so good-so affectionate-I am sure you will forgive me. \hat I have gone throueh during tihe past few days ! Yes, you ars right; I am icalnus. For a long time past I believed myself safe from any violent sentimenlt; and then, besides, a jealous hereon is always ridtculous. At this moment you nmust be about to start for Mrs. Leslie's as you pro. amied. Dear friend Nows that you have consented to do wlhat I wish, I feel almost ashamed of nmy request. But, be assured, whaterereomes, a1d no miatter what you may communicate to me Ishalt not be anIgry with you. '1T do so would benothing more or less than 'nfamous. No; we chall be faster frieids t.an ever. Half-past tel. Now, you must be at lIrs. Lelie's, surely! \lh?at iill you dis cover? Mercifu piowers, ihou I tremble! Tlltnks, again ai, again, my darling (;Grace. -Your true friend, IO. [Telegnram.] To InA SEvMOU:.-TIe per.on not at Iestia'lis last night: George alone. Spoke Sto him. Tried to get somethling Iron himn. Impenetrable. Hlopie nothingtrue. Love. GRAce. [Telegram.] To GRACE RUMELL-- Thanlks for message. antinusi your observations. Send news by telegram. More rapid. \Writeonlly to give particulars. Fondest love.--loa. [Telegram.] To IoA SEvStu1R.--Nothing new. Today at private view Water-coleurs. Saw ier. George not there. Going away to-morrow. Gr.ACe. [Telegram.] To I.n SEaYsMu:.-At Academy, SRaw aorge, but not the person.-Ga?c?. [Telegram.] ToIDA SETtOmO,-Garden party at Rich. nond. Saw George and the person together. Letter follow.--GRACrE. Gunce R'SSEU. to IDA SEYMOUIoL London, 17th June. * Only two words to confirm and explain the telegram I sent you ten minutta ago. Yeu, I have seen George and Mre. St. eqgrg"togqgher, Very handsomp sheb looked, too, rotwitltb.sndcling her 40 years. Your husband did not. appear until rather late, and the moment he saw her he joined her. He remained at her side until the party broke up. I never lost sight of that bonnet with the yellow cstrich tips for a moment. I really believe there is nothing serious between them. At all events, were I in your place, this prolonged conversation in public would reassure me. When there is anything between two persons they do not speak much before others. I will continue my observa tions.-All my love, and, believe me, ever yours, GRACE. IDA SEYaIOUR to GRACE RUsSELi.. Nice, 20th Juno. Do not be discouraged, my dearest, dearest Grace. I do not believe the meeting at Richmond was accidental. George has always objected to accompany me to garden parties-said they bored him ineffably. Continue your mission courage ously, and tell me all-even though it should break my heart, I must know all. Oh, that odious woman St. George ! How I hate her! And my husband--well, if my doubts are justified, I shall hate him also, and I will never, never pardon him.-I send you fondest love. lDA. [Telegram.] To loa SE?svut.-31let both at; private view British Artists. Have bad news. Don't, be too anxious. Nothing positive, nothing really serious, only certain symptoms. Letter follows.-GRACE. GRACE RcUSSELL to IDA SEYoto?. London, 24th .une. LMy poor darling Ida, I have just returned front the private view of British Artists. The exhibition is a remarkable one this year, and I was lost in admiration of a lovely study of a head, when your husband, accom Iuinied by the lady in question, passed in Iront of me obstructing my view ; he looking as elegant as usual, she simply dressed and wearingayellow bonnet! How the woman adores yellow ! The moment your husband saw me he left her and came to speak to me. He was most gracious, and i not in the least put out. He gave tie news of you, and complained of the scarcity of your letters, and told me that in his next lie ! would tell you he had seen me. It, was comical, and I could have laughed hail I not thought of your present slate of anxiety. Meanwhile, the lady pretended to be Inter ested in the pictures. Two or three times, however, site glanced furtively at me. George said good-bye, auit of they went together. I seated myself, and watchedl them a. they pas-edi round the room ; lsnt at lerigth, fearing I might arouse suspicion, I thought It iprudentu tti go, but wished above all things to see. their patting. There is so much li the way people greet one another and say farewell, eleriaully the letter. I left the place, and turned into a hall door in Sullolk-.?teet. next to hie Gallery. Right in fonot of me stood a brougham, which, from the onomewhbat untidy appear ance of the servants, 1 judged to I belong to tMrs. St. George. I had not long to wait They both carme out, your Ihusband accompanuying the lady to her carriage. The footman opened the door, cloned it, and moved away. Up to this point, you see, there was noth ing to find fault with. But whilst the foot. man wenti behind the cat riage to get, to his place on the box, Mrs. St. George said a few words raitlldy: "Tomorrow night- Lyceum-lBox A." At the same instant the coachman whipped tip the horses andtl drove aw'ay. Your husband looked after it for a second or so, lighted a cigarette, and went off in the direction of l'iccadilly; and I drove to my dressmaker inl Bond-street. Here, my darling Ida, is what happened. I assure you it grieves me intensely to tell you all this, but 1 must remind you that you wished it. This is now the critical moment:you still have time to reflect. 1W ill you stop here, or do you wish me to go to the Lyceum on Thursday ! Reply by telegram as soon as you receive this, and I will obey.-\ ith fond love, ever your devoted GaR.E. [Telegram.] To (hRtC RrssEL.t,.---Go to Lyceum. If you do not, I will nlever forgive you.--Da. GuAEc: Rvssm.t. to hls SEyeY.orr. London, e6th June, 3 o'clock a.m. Courage, Ida dearest; I am oblige to do that which is cruel. I was at tile Lyceum to-night, as you wished, in the back of a box facing Pox A. I arrived as the ciustain rose; and just as the ghost of Fabian appeared to his brother, ths. tGeorge euntered the box, follohed by your husband. She rseted herself at the front, shnding herself witi, an enormous fai. He seatedl himself behind her. There was no one else in sthe box. Tei play over they rose to go. I lost them in the deowdl, of coiuse; but I was not to be beaten, so I popped into a hansiom aIndl drove to her house, just to see if he soulrl accompany her home. To my great relief she was alosne ; and I ioas just about to give orders to the driver to rtake me home, when another hansoml stopped at her door, and from it George emerged, and enteled that fatal house. Hoping he wouold come out every moment, I remained on the watch until two this morning ; but wheu I left. he was still there. Now, I have accomplished the mission which you entrusted to me faithfully. It has turned out badly, but I do not complain ' if I have giveln you a new proof of th.e deep atiection I have for you. GRACE? IDA SEmtoun to Gr.ACE RlI'SSELL Nice, 10th June. Tihanks, my dearest; oh, thanks! You I have indeed proved your friendslip. I will never foirgive him--a man whom I adored whom I married in opposition to the wilshes of all my relations; to whom I gave my whole life. . . The horrible wretch ! I te!egraphed to him to come to Nice instantly, witloua saying why. When lie arrives I will tell him all (without compromising you, however, my dearest Grace). I will fling my rerroac"es in his face. Whatever may be his reply, I have decided on my course. There can never again be anything in common between this man and me. If the law be insufllicient to protect me, I know how to reserate myself for ever from such an hateful being. As for you, my darling frieid, I never can be sufliciently grateful. You are the best, the most ioble ot women. Weep for mt, and love me as I love you. GRAce RuOSsKLL to lDa SETnMsis. London, 11th August. For eight days, dearest, not a liue from you. I am most anxious. '.hat has Ipp5eneld ? Your husband left suddenly for Nice they informed me at your house when J called to.day to make inquiries. 'Sum. moned by a telegram." they said. Your's of course. How did the painful ser:e end . Vihat is your decisions? How are you? Send me a telegram or letter immediately. I p'cture you ill and heartbroken, isnable to write. Seud me a line, oneline fofHeaven's sake to relieve my mind.- With snoSt affie. tionate wisiles, always youlr G e:.C. IDA lEVsIUca to nRAcE R?SSEi.. Xiee, ISth Aiugust. fly Dear Grace,- Your letter crorsed oae from me--that is to say, one I was about to write to you; but I have beesn o occupied with a thousand and one thonl nd olings nt Ilseally I have not had tine to write sooner. Thank you for yaor solicitisse fer me ansi my health. ]t is, howeever, quite iuneces sary, tr all my troubles have disaippleared. i )os tlisanaze you ? Strange thiigs happen in life, my dear, and suspicious, whicb often seem beriots, are hsequently unfounled. To adoptyour pleasing expression, the "retie" hetween George and me took pilace immediately on his arrival, but it finshedl very differently to the way in which I, and more liatticusisly youea, inmagiuedl. .1y hus band proved to me, clear as daylight, that there was othlikg, absolutely slothing, betwveen him and Mrs. St. George. He cer tainlv had an appointment with her at the Britilsh Artists andl at tle theatre. You were perfectly correct, buta thelatter place there ~a.s a th:'rd person in the box. You did notsee that. He also went to her house after the theatre,but he cid sct stay as long as you imagined, for half an hour after you saw him enter, he left by the |door leadiog 1from the billiart-lrom out oil the bnc- of the honoe. l711y theserecaten I appointments, you will ask ? The reason i simple. It was a projected marriage. between an acquaintance of my husband and .Mrs. St. George. Some hitch cnncern ing settlements had occurred, and 3.1l. St' George wished to have the advice of an old friend. By-the-by, she is not at all as bad as she is reported to he by scandalmongers, and no intimacy ecer existed in the past between her and George, as I stupidly believed. George was induced to act as intermediary between the lawyers. andi to look to Mrs. St. George's interests, and ha mede an appaoirntment with her that night at the Lyceumn as she wished him to speak to a third person, and to announce to him the fact that the match was broken off. Of course this was no fault of his. All this explains itlelf,and the terrible "scene" finished in the best possible way. George scolded me a little for my insensate suspiciots, but hba pardoned me so generously, so tenderly, that all my former contented state of mind is restored. As to the anonymous letter, he believes that it was written by a discharged servant of Mrs. St. George. Now permit me to speak frankly concern. ing your action in this matter. You should !not have allowed me to go so far in this ridiculous campaign. You will reply that you tried to prevent me; I admit this, but did you do so with a necessary force of persuasion? In short, did you not feel a certain pleastore-lerhaps unconsciously-to see a cloud pass over our felicity, of which you were always a little jealous. But I bear you no ill.feelinw. You were unhaplpy in your own marriage, and, perhaps, felt a certain hitterness. But had you been the true friend I believed you to be, you would have overcome this unworthy feeling, and, at, any cost, have refused energetically to play the humiliating part which 1, when almost ouot of mry reenses, begged of you to accept. Yes. you should have refused; that is what at tritue friend would have done. and you did not dlo it. It appears to me that you took a certain pleasure in following the two poor things, and that in your love of the romantic you desired to find them guilty. I must stop, for I might say too much if I continued. Io.. [(Exloact rom fts P?rivajo Journal of GerAc RtSStI.L..] Today I received a most detestable and unjustifiable letter from Ida Seymour. Blehold me now at variance with lher for evre; and I worked for her so con scientiously and so loyally. 1, who played a part which was most repugnant to me only to please her. I should have renembered the old Italian proverb, " Fra moglie e mrilto 0ion ntollere it dito. ([Etract from the Prirate Jonotal of Io. SEYIMOUP..] HFas George told me the truth concerning the projected marriage of a certain lady? Be that as it may, I did right to believe it. Welil, when he is by my sitlde, speaking to me with that soft, rich voice of his, lookinog at me with those eyes I so dearly love, all my anger dies, and I am all his. As to Grace-I have, in crality, nothing to reploach her with. Nevertheless, 1 wrote her such a letter ! It was her own fault ; she should never have believed that George was unfaithful to me.- Vanity Fair. A TRUTH DEMONSTRATED. I otoo it to be a truth constantly self. evident that every man will defend a womno against all men but himself. Clap your eyes on a pretty woman without male escort, and two plhenomena will become obvious. Firstly, there will be a large amoount of open andtl covert staring at her, to all te which her obliviousness is, of course, only assumed. Secondly, if one of the sbtarers happens to realise that others ate at tile same game, he will manifest plainly his disgust at such treat. mernt of unprotected beauty. utterly ignor. ing his own offence. A husband and wife got into a street car. The mllan was some. what dandified in dress The woman was under 20. and as pretty 0a na:ltre anli art are it, the habit of Olllblmn to produce. They were chatting on tle sle:t y'nhject that I have here intdrotleed. "Percival, dear," sam she. " I will prove to you that f am mighot, and :tke only ten minutes to do it. ; . ou - al -- nut to get angry about. it." IHe closed the cc. .. T'-o she drew herself ml,, as tllnhous - iltn ;.it:aillil ,otui ?.g beside her wao xt -It; - -ltr:;nger. nd waited for the car to rill wito r?t-ooger . "Notw," shle whtl-perled behtod her olt, "ohbserve how I al '!r? when alone.' Within fire minautes h.e stw thlat ha'f a dozen masculine passengers, fromn hoary age to callow youth, eyed his bride with more or less audacity, and several oaonifestly would not have needed the smalieo. beginning of a wink on her part to seize upon her then and there. That part of thie exhibition was a triumph for tie wife, but the omott -uriouo fecature other er?e; iment remained to be tried. " 'ou cerio;nliy dto -eeon to attract a good deal of admirationo, said tile huband, -up posing tht the pretended strangeness was? at an end. She lifted her eyes in simulated surprise, as though an impertinent fellow had unvwar rantably accosterl her, antd pointedly turned her face away from him. He understood her now, and did not speak to her further. Next, she drew her shoulder away from contact with his. By this time the spec tators were believing that he was annoying her dreadfully, and scornful glances were aimed at him. A man arose from the oppo site side. "1Will you exchange seats with me?" he very gallantly anId politely said, lifting his hat most deferentially. Now. ihe had been formost among the original oglers-the veriest simpleton of them all. "Thank you, sir," she answered," but I preier to sit beside my husband." Thus with the same stone she killed that vulture bird atod the dove mate 'chom she had undertaken to instruct as to the philosophy ot malegaliantry. ALL GONE. 1Ic talked about divinity, and porderce on infinity, And spoke of base humaonityas anictalculoe, He stuldied up astronomy, the sc:ence oi auttonomy, And wonderedl if insanity was common to ilhe tle.Ia. He plunged into zootomy and wandered througlh phlebotomy, Ando reatol for weeksoo history from Adam down to ldate. He lectred o n theogony, and dwelt upon casmorogony, A'nd soouooded deep the mnystery attending Ihluman fate. IHeshowed extleme anxiety for lateand early picty. Andt poke with great felicityofhigber ststes tlhan this. He lecttred qluite ldramatically to show how syr trema'ticall ThI foreof electricity was centredin a kitss. Sut while with such intensity he spouted on imnnenoty. Ilis t ife with sweet devexite was cutting tquite a dash ; And with souch ingenuity she monkeyed his annuity, Ile'd found to his perplexity she' dressed away his cash. "The man I wed must be handtcome, brave and noble; Ihe must have no bad habits, and must love me devotedly." "But, my dear, that is impossible, you know, qoh e impossible." "There is only one such man in all the I Wide world, and he is going to marry me." 