CHINA INLAND MISSION. FAREWELL TO A BAND OF MISSIONARIES. A public meeting wee held in St. John's Presbyterian Church, Peel street, last even ing for the purpose of bidding farewell to a band of missionaries, including Miss F. Campbell (daughter of the Hon. James Campbell, M.L.A.), Miss Fuller (Sydney), Miss Martin (Canterbury), Miss Wallace (Richmond), and Miss Davis (Adelaide), who are shortly leaving for China. The meeting, which was largely attended, was presided over by the R-v. W. S. Macqueen. The proceedings commenced with the sing ing of the well-known missionary hymn, “Jesus shall reign where’er the sun,” fol lowed by the reading of a passage of Scrip ture. After engaging in prayer the chair man, in an appropriate address on mission work, spoke of the great sympathy the people of St. John's had always manifested in missionary work, more especially in agreeing to and assisting their late pastor, thn Rev, J. H. Mackay, the late Mrs Mackay, and Miss Fawcett to go to Corea, The Rov. A. Bird (Hawthorn), hon. secre tary to the China Inland Mission, in a brief address referred to the labors of Dr Hudson Taylor in connection with that mission. He also spoke of thn good work done by the Australian contingent, consisting of no fewer than 30, all of whom were preaching and proclaiming “ glad tidings of great joy" to , the heathen in the strange land of China, He felt convinced that their labor of love would be"abundantly b'ntsnd, and that God, through them, was manifesting his love and sympathy for humanity. —\ After the singing of “The year of jubilee has come," the meeting was ad dressed by Miss Davis, who said she was pleased to be present to say how the Lord' had led her to decide to take up mis sion work. When at a public meeting one night, she was reminded of the injury the English nation had done to China by sending the opium to that place, and she was led to think that she should make one to go to the Chinese people and help to undo the great wrong by teaching them about the Saviour of humanity. She. at first could not see th'at 'she was called of . God to go there, -and ' besides, she was somewhat afraid of the climate. As. a matter of fact, she had not the inclination to go. Subse quently she. discovered that some of her young lady friends had been c tiled by God, »nd she then went on her knees aud told the Lord that if it whs His will, she too would go. She considered it was i a glorious work to go and tell tho-m who had never heard of the Lord Jesus Christ about salvation and eternity. She knew the work would be a difficult one. there was such a difference of language and custom, and she hoped that the Christians of Ballarat would pray for her. •';Miss Martin said the Lord was leading the way she was going. She . gave her heart to the Lord when she was but 12 years of age, blit it was only recently that she recog nised and acknowledged Him as her King. She was not going to China unsent. The Lord, whose word was full of promises and guidance, had said that “all power is given unto Me, go ye therefore.” She did not want to hear the end of that verse. The Great Physician had made her health better, and although she originally felt delicate she was now strong enough to go and do her part. She felt that she must do something for poor sinners .who were living in ignorauce of the Lord and Muster, and dying without hearing of his love. She could not stay here while she knew that souls were thirsting for the refreshing news of the Son of the living God. • Miss Campbell said that since she had consecrated herself to the Master she heard His voice saying “ Go ye into all the world.” She waited for some time for a special call, but eventually she di-covercd that procras tination was only one of the devil’s means of keeping her away. She had experienced great difficulty in telling her father that it was her desire and intention to go to China, bat God gave her courage to tell him, and put it into her father’s heart to give his per mission. Miss Fuller said the message she had to tall was not about her call, but to say a few vrords of that which the Lord could do. It Was necessary to accept the Holy Gh"St before accepting the Saviour. Before one could have this filling of the joy of the Lord there must be a submission to His will. The Saviour filled the hearts of the disciples with a joy and the power of the Holy Ghost. She prayed that those present would •be filled with the power and love of -Him who died upon thecros-*. It was .a blessed thing to consecrate one’s will to the service of the Son of God. Before the people could be filled, with that joy and power it was necessary to empty themselves of their vain will. She would go anywhere for Jesus and anywhere with Jesus. She was not afraid to go, because the Lord had said, “ Ln, I uni with you always.” Miss Wallace said it was noticeable that God did not always carry out His work with all His people in the same way. She had first thought of going to China, but in her mind she felt that she was not good enough. Many of her friends had tried to persuade her to go, but she stubbornly re fused. At last she thought she would take a rest, and so she went to spend the day with a friend. On reaching and entering the house, the first thing she saw was a Chinese missionary box, on the lid of which was written the words “Go ye into all the world and preach the gospel.” Almost ini mediately afterwards on« of the children came in, and child-like showed her one of its school books, and the first thing she looked upon was a picture of “ Scenes in Canton.” The house was shortly afterwards visited by the Rev. Mr Morton, who spoke so earnestly of the immensity of the vineyard and the scarcity of laborers, that she, after prayer with him, surrendered herself and decided to go. She now blessed God for that decision, and she trusted that many more would be persuaded to go to work while it is called co-day. She concluded by appealing to the assemblage to assist and pray for her and her sisters, who were going as strangers to a strange land, to preach Christ and Him crucified. A closing hymn having been sung, the pro ceedings terminated with prayer (led by the Rev. J. H. Mackay), followed by the pro-j. nouncing of the benediction. The singin e was assisted by the church choir, under th leadership of Mr Johns, with Mr R. Thump son efficiently presiding at the organ. At. 3 n’c'ock this afternoon a ladies meet ing will be'.conducted in the Dana street leamre hall, and at 7 30 in the evening a public me-ting will -bo held in the Lydiard street Wesleyan Church. 