THE LACHLAN. (FBOM OUB OWN OOBBESPOSDENT,) SATURDAY, March 26. With the exception of one thunderstorm, when hail and rain fell to the amount of 75 points in a very short time, no rain to epeak of has fallen hereaway for about eight months. If it has promised once to rain this season it has done so at least 40 times So often have propitious-looking clouds rolled up and so often has the sky been overcast, only to clear off again without a drop falling, that people have lost all faith in presaging appearances and refuse to believe any sign till the rain is actually seen and felt. My own prophecies regardtag the weather have come to grief, alas 1 and, like Egeson. I have to take a back seat. By the way, had Egeson's prediction been to commence this year who knows how many disciples he might have had. It is small comfort for us in theEC inland districts to learn that a deal of raiu has fallen on the mountains and along the eastern coast, for stock are becoming emaciated, the ghostB of their former selves, while every day adds to the death rate among flocks. Nor is it old sheep that have many a year gone through the shears that are dying, but weahers who should have many prospective clips to yield, and this is where the heavy loss comes in. But isn't "seed time and harvest" as well as the early and the latter rain promised ? What if my next letter records the fall of a copious downpour, with tanks full, creeks flooded, and the country covered with water. So mote it be. I remember some 10 years ago witnessing a teamster named Fat Smith dtiving a great load of wool, like a hay stack, through the town of Walbundrie Some 24 bullocks were yoked to the waggon. There is, or was, a steep siding from the post office to the top of the ridge, and men . with long poles, propped into the bales, walked along on the side to prevent the towering load from toppling over. All went well tiil the team reached a spot directly opposite Peter Birtles' door, the then publican of Piney Range, when half the bales came rolling across the road ; and though this was a grievous mishap to the teamster it was just the thing that crowded the bar of the hotel for the rest of the day and that evening. There were 11 tons of wool in that load, but I hare to inform your readers about Piney (many of them must remember the above occasion) that 11-ton Pat has been ontdone by a teamster of the same name, Smith, who, without mishap, drove a load of wool from Condobolin to Oowra which weighed no less than 13 tons 7cwt.—108 oales of scoured wooL This is the higgest record yet I opine. There is an agitation re a telegraph line from Booligal to Gunbar. The members for the Murrnmbidgee are urging the claims of this district. These claims were put before a previous Government but refased, just as the reccnt c*w mail route was refused. We have got the latter and will have the former b.v-and-bye. The distance is 30 miles as the crow flies ; there :>re groves of young pines and other timber along the route that can be made available as telegraph posts. At the recent search for the lost child—wh- te funeral, by-the-bye, was the largest that tur i took place at Gunbar—monn- ed con*tabhs Tn-ti :> UUlBtoo, Qarathwl, iudBogligal wrivsd on tae scene when their services were not needed, the body having been found before they erne. Isn't that an additional argument in favor of telegraphic communication. These officers would have been aiding in the search 48 hours before bad we been able to wire to them. Miss O'Donnell deserves the thanks of the community for her efforts put forth in aid of the funds to the Hillston hoBpital. That young lady was the promoter of a recent ball which was a great success, there being over 50 couples present on the occasion. She got up a previous entertainment, a concert, in aid of a fever ward, when a sum amounting to about £30 was realised. What a fine example for other young Hebes to go and do likewise. £881 has been placed on the Estimates for repairs to the Hillston lockup. But you don't need all thtt cash for prison accommodation in a quiet place like Hillston ? Don't we, though. Th»re are miscreants here as elsewhere. Here is a case in point. A benedict complains of scandalously written anonymous letters thrown on the verandah of his private residence with the object of the same being picked no by his wife. Ooe of these epistles ends with ten kisses, signed " Bessy," and " Dear Cnarlie, I love you as I love my life. Meet me at the same old place, dear boy. The next kiss I have I am going to chew off your moustache. The world is wide, the sea Is deep, Thinking: of you I cannot sleep. If you love me as I love you No knife can cut our love In two." The fellow or fellows wboseeks thus to destroy domestic peace and happiness should be domiciled in Wintle's hotel for a bit. 