DIOCESE OF GOULBURN. SPECIAL SESSION OF SYNOD. A special session of the seventh synod of this diocese was commenced to-day, with a view of electing a bishop in the room of the Right Rev. Dr. Thomas D.D., deceased. Divine service, with tbe administration of the Holy Communion, was celebrated in St. Saviour's Cathedral at eleven o'clock, when a large number of the clergy and lay representatives were present. The dean and the canons of the catlhedral were the officiating clergymen. The synod assembled in the late pro cathedral, Bourke-street, at half-past three; the Very Rev. Dean Pownall B.D., vicar general, presiding. Prayers were read by the President. The Rev. Canon Soares called the roll of the clerical and lay representatives, and the following answered to their names : Clerical-Very Rev. W. H. Pownall B.D., vicar- general, Wagga; Revs Canon Alberto Dias Soares, West Goulburn ; Canon A. D. Faunce, Yass; Canon G. M. D'Arcy-Irvine MA., D.D., North Goulburn; Canon James C. Botts, Cootamundra; P. G. Smith M.A., Canberra; H. E. Thomson, Murrumburrah; George Spencer, Bega; James Herbert Wil Liams, Gunning; Gualter Soares, Temora; William Matthews Martyn, Taralga; Julius Scott, Bungendore; R. Leigh, Tumut; R. J. Ross Edwards M.A., Gundagai; James Studde, June; A. C. Mosley, Marulan; T. Symonds, Queanbeyan; F. Bevan B.A., Cooma; A. I. O'Reilly B.A., Crookwell; O. A. Carver, Young; J. Bonn, Binda; Frede rick Richmond, Burrowa; J. S. Dobson, Braidwood; A. R. Shaw, Germanton; W. Jordan MA., Gegedzerick; Alexander Dun can M.A., Cobargo; P. M. Flinn B.A., Tarago. Laymen --Adelong, Messrs. William Beeg ling and O. E. Maoloneie ; Albury, Messrs. Thomas Hodges Mate and William Henry Freeman; Bega, Mr. Henry Wren ; Binda, Messrs. Frederick Shepherd and Isaac Shep herd; Bodalla, Messsrs. Frederick W. Harmer and F, J. Curtis; Bombala, Mr. J. G. Bazley ; Braidwood, Messrs. Robert Mad drell, William Forbes Gordon, and Rowland Hassall; Bungendore, Mr. T. Rutledge; Burrows, Mr. Harold O'Brien; Canberra, Messrs. Frederick Campbell and Arthur Brassey ; Cobargo, Messrs. W. W. Wren and W. R. Ponnycook ; Cooma, Messrs. Robert Croudace Joplin and W. M. Madgwickl; Crookwell, Mr. William Davis ; Gegedzerick, Meosar, E. 0. Body and W. H. D. Avery; Germanton, Mr. A. Heriot ; Goulbrn (St. Saviour's), Mr. James Whitlow; Goolburn (St. Nicholas'), Messrs. Edward Manyard Zouih and J. E. P. Walker; Goulburm, (Christ ObChroch), Mr. Andrew Gibson Finlay ; Gundagai, Meossrs. Samuel Harbourno Beolcher and George Gregory; Gunning, tMesrs. Algernon Sydney Jones and Obo A. Willane; Junce, Messrs. T. F. Moyer and Heonry Dunn; Kameruka, Mearer. Charles Stiles and Somorvail W. Alexander; Marulan, Messrs. John MI. Broadhead and William Carson ; Moruyn, Meosrs. G. D. Ross and T. S. Brown; rrumbrrum rah; Mr. W. Wilson; Queanboyan, Mr. John Davidson; Tanrgo, Mesors. John Cropper and Alboert Lanedowne; Taralga, Messrs. W. Gale and James Alfred Horno; Temora, Mr. Frederick F. Gibson; Tumnt, Messre. William Bridle and John Franklin; Wagga Wagga, Messrs. Augustine Matthew Boette, Andrew Finley Gibson, and Edwin Quartly; Yaes, Dr. Allan Campbell M.D. and Dr. Philip Thornton Thame. The President then delivered the following opening addreos: My Reverend Brethren of the clergy and my Brethren of the Laity,-In presiding over this synod I desire to cast myself upon your sym. pathetic help and prayers that all may be begun, continued, and ended to the glory of God's Holy Name. We cannot meet on this occasion without a feeling of solemnity and sadness, as we miss the venerable and endeared form of one who o wiosely and lovingly presided over the de liberations of this synod from the very incep. tion of synodical government. Truly we are reminded of the words, " Thou shalt be missed, for thy seat will be oempty." The faithful overseer is gone. His labours are ended. He is at root. But" thoughi dead he yet speaketh," and it in our privilege to listen, paradoxical though the statement be, to his inaudible voice; whilst at the came time it is equally our privilege in dwelling on thereminiseonces of the past to recall to mind the fidelity of his friendship, the tender sympathy of his loving heart, the gentleness and yet at the name time the firmness of his rule, coupled with his un. bounded benevolence, deep devotion, and the wisdom, zeal, and ability he displayed in lay ing the very foundation of this diocese, and building up the church in its remotest parts; for be it remembered that during the greater part of our late Bishop's opiseoplme the diocsee of Goulburn toached the borders of the two neighbouring colonies of Victoria and South Australia. The result of his untiring labours wo behold to-day, for commencing the diocese with practically no endowment for the see, having to live in a hired house, a stranger to colonial life, with but eleven clergy and twenty-six churches, all of which with two exceptions had to be pulled down and rebuilt, he has left behind him a noble cathedral, a stately bishop's residence, a oubstantial en dowment for two sees (the use of Goulburn and the soo of Riverina), with a body of 40 clergy, 120 churches, and 05 pareonageo, be vides numerous mission halls, schools, and globes; and all this without taking into cal culation the clergy, the churcheos, the parson. ages, schools, and globes, which on timhe division of the sco were allotted to the diocoeo of Riverina. Truly this is no mean record of the result of the opiscopate of MIoeoa, the first Bishop of Goulburn. And yet, though great as it is, these alter all are but the outward and visible manifestations of a mightioer work which he never loot eight of, and which by Divine grace he accomplished, in the ereation of a Spiritual structure compoeedol the souls of men, and built on the one foundation, the Lord Jesue OChrist. We can count up the external, but the mightiness of thle spiritual is beyond our hen ; tih last day alone will disclosothat. And now the dear old Bishop rests from his labours. We coo him no more, but: he will never be forgotten. "The righteous shall be In everlasting remembrance." "They that b wie wise shall shino as the brightness of the Armament, and they that turn many to righteousness as the stars for over and ever.' fly brethren, our loss in great, but there is One that never dies-One who watches over His church. When one light is quenched He lights another; when one vessel is broken Ho cenrtruets another; and thus though an Elijah le taken He will send an Elisha, for He will not fail thc churchl that He has bought with His own blood. Believing this, we are assembled together after weeks (I trust) of earnest prayer, seeking now, by a process of election sano-. tioned by the apostles, a chief poistor wmo shall be endued by the Holy Spirit witm .such gifts and graces as shall fit hIim to emory ca timhe workl of tlo late Biehop, and to exectte the oflico of the opiecopatel, to the edifyimng of the church nod the homnomr and praise of Christ's Holy Name. Thie authority which will Govern our pro. ceedings is the Goulburn Bislmholric Ordinance of 1891. It may be advisable thant I ohould ebta brietly thie mode of proceduro a0 en. joined by thalt ordinance, so that thie nature of the same emay be clearly undelurstood. 1\. There will be thel nomination of a duly quanlified plreone or persons, but not more than live in number, to fill tie omeico of Bishop. 2\. It is required that eaeh nomimation be mando by one of tleo elergy and lcouded by om. of the lay replresentutives. 3\. No one can be nominated who has not eeantod to accept the oilco of iflihop if so elected, :. The voting will be by orders and by ballot, and the oyuud will determine the mode in which the ballot will be conducted. 1 '. The person elected must have a majority of the votes of the clergy nud a majority of thio votes of the laity. 6\. If a majority in not eecured on the first ballot, a second, and, if necessary, a third ballot may be taloh. Failing this mode of' election the synod may adopt one of threoo oooraoeo. First, it may, subject to any conditions it may think fit to impose, delegate the election. to a committeo eonltoling of thoeVicar- general' and an equal number of clergymen and laymen, who shall be chosen by ballot or otherwise. Secondhll, the synod may delogato the election to the Bishops of the provinco of New South Walo ; or, thirdly, with the approval of those Bishops, to three or more Bishopu in England, to be chosen by ballot or otherwise. The business that now lies before no is one of a mighty and most important nature, inasmuoh as the prosperity and expansion of the church throughout this important diocese will largely depend upon the choice that is made by this synod. It is not for me, in the presouce of the clergy and so many of the laity, to enter upon or discuss the qualifica tionso of a Bishop for this diocese. These are known and understood by you, and it is to your calm, wieo judgment, guided by tho Holy Spilit of God, and not influenced by porsonal considerations for any man, or by any carnal policy, that this important trust is solely left. Bat, brethren, beat with me thus far in saying, lot it be the serious aim of each one to disoharge thlis solemn trust in the night and fear of an omniscient God, with a single desire to advance the best interests of the church; so that the lot being cast into lthe lap, we may, at the clone of this synod, with perfect confldence feel that the whole disposing has been of the Lord. .lndolwment of the See,. In connection with the business before us, I desire to inform the synod that shortly after tho late Bishop's death I took necessary steps to ascertain the 'alue of the see, the nature of the trust, and also what other trust funds of a publio noture were held by tbe late Bishop. For thin purpose I solicited the aid of Mr. Botts and Mr.. Davidson, and these gentlemen, alter thoroughly examining into the matter, reported to me no followse : 1\. The Goulburn Bishopric endowment fund for the diocseo of Goalburn amounto to the Bum of £13,630 12/1. 2\. The whole of this money, excepting £30 12/1, is invested in the name of the Bishop, aos ole trustee, upon mortgages of real estate, which at present return in the. nggregate an annual income of £1001. 3\. In addition to the capital moneys above mentioned there are two freehold properties which were vested in the Bishop and his sec cessors for the benefit of the see, consisting of a farm of 102 acres 2 roods and 31 perches situated at Collector, about twenty-two miles from Goulburn, and the estate known as Taradale, about seventeen miles from Goul burn, and embracing an area of 2475 acres, 4\. These proporties are now let to different tenants, the total rental derived representing an annual return of £100. 5\. The see in also possessed of the Bishop thorpe Estate at Goulburn, upon which is erected the episcopal residence, which is a large and most substantial erection, with all necessary outbuildings and with gardens shrubberies, and a valuable orchard. The area of tohe land is 173 aereo, including a crown grant of 20 nores for an episcopol reoi, daonce and .153 acres presented by Captain Rossi for a similar purpose ; and as at least 100 acres of this land would not be required for the Bishop's use a further rental'of about £40 per annum could probably be obtained. We may mention that the 20 acres of land which were granted for a diocesan college have hitherto been hold add occupied by tile late Bishop in connection with the episcopal residence. 0\. Under an arrangement made with the diocese of Sydney the Bishop of Goulburn and his esucessors ara entitled to receive a sum of £100 per 'annum from the Bishop thorpe estate near Sydneoy. 7\. It is right that we should point out that in our opinion the rates of interest upon which the endowment moneys are now invested are rather above the average, so that it is possible that the income of the sea derivable from this source may fluctuate from time to time to the extent of say about £75 per annum or more. 8\. We understand that the income of the bishopric has in formeryoars been augmented by a contribution of £50 a year from W. P. Faithfull Esq., and about £35 a year from Lady Macarthur, the latter sum representing a tithe of the rents of the Richlands Estate, but we are unable to say at present how far the increase from these sources is likely to be permanent, more especially as Lady Mac arthur is now dead. 9\. Tihe result of the abovo investigation shows that the present annual value of the nse amounts in all to £1321, made up as fol lowe: Interest lpayable upon moneys nveted £ d upon mortgage ...................... 1001 0 o ionts Ifrnm real estate, incloding part of isbhopthorpo ................... 0 0 BohopthorpEstato, Sydney ......... 100 0 0 £091 0 0 10\. The Bishop also held upon trust, tho sum of £1000, representing moneys paid to him by the executors of the late lon. Charles Campbell, under a bequent in that gentleo mian's will, in Ilo words following: ".And I direct thit my said trustees shall, out of my personal estate or the proceeds of sale of my real estcte directed to .bo sold, pay to the 'Right Rev. James Moorhouse, Doctor of Divinity, now Bishop of Melbourne, in Vic toria, or other the Bishop of Melbourne for the time being, the uam of £1000, and to tho Right eyov. Mesac Thomas, Doctor of Divinity, or other tihe Bishop of Goulburn for the time being, the like sum of £1000, which said re spective eums are to be applied, by such Bihhope respectively, to such pinous and ohari table uses in their respective dioceses as they respectively shall think fit." 11\. In addition to the various trust moneys above mentioned the' late Bishop hold upon trust the following coms; o......i fund : ...... .. d , lbry enmptlo ..........0 0 0 Contnnil lued (lrthor) ...?............ '0 Bouoher fcund ... 0 0 (o1000 of which ia for an endowment for 0?onbala oand tho remaining £1000 for the Ihourch Soowcty) 'ho W tato eu d.................. ... 9?0 0 e 11ing1 a boueit by lm.s. Wtsono Eqa. to th iChorch Soclrt tonerds " the r bre ctaof such adicte Gu flharh Hociety ........................ 0.. GO 0 0 £1,0074 1 For this vinaluable report and theho ikrmh; tien it containe, I am ornce thu oylrld will orgo teit ch th a btt we are under very deop obliationu tot lr. Botto and lIr. Dosidaon, o and that they have our belst and moot hearty Pl'oeiOcia .Synotl.' SIhao ioceived frbm the eItot r ov. the Lord Primatu a summons reuloiring me to coevene the roproeonttiveos of tihe diocese of Gathoulburn to the provincial synod, to bo held in the oChapter HIouse, Sydey, to Wednesday, tho 11th day of Junc, at the houroe of four o'olosk in thoe afteroon. In accordance therewith I ilhave issued citations to the roopctive rbprie sotntites to that synod. ut in meontioniong this, I bould call tho attention of the eyuod to tho fact that by tho death of the labt Von. Arehdcecou Droitt, and by tho resigation of two other r crpoefolntrvis, iH. liddrnll Fso. and A.i. Boetto?sq., waho I regret to say have iformedna mo that they will bhe uablo to attend, it woill ba neoesary for tho. rynod to proceed to th olelction o1 three othor rcpro eoetativce. Tho provinoial eynod, meeting as it will for the firot time under it amendesd eonstitu. tiou, of rwhich no approved at. th first oession of our secenth syood it January '91, will hovo ao interest attoohed to it th01 will mkhe its procecdiogo of the grootest import uco to tohe ehlroa tiroughout the provincorf New Sounth Wales. Two of the special subjectl to be brought before that onod o ore :- 1\. The oxpodinooy of repealing the Aot 8 Williom IV, No. 0, commonly clled the Church Act, careful provision boineg made by ordiuoato, or otheroiso for the importnot matters providcd for thercin, regardiog'thn' ceeoerro'aion of ehuroh pIroperty, the discipline and oightl of tho clergy, the rilghts aed duties of churchwardene, &'o. 2\. The deeir;ability of prouiling for tho formation of a trhbcnal for thoe dminietra. ties of clclosiaotical disciplino in the diocoseo of the province of 010i j bg th Watle. The \ost loverend tho Lord Primato has epeeciilly requeatol our consideoation of these two subjects; no that combined notion by thea various diocesoe may be taken thereon at the provincial synod. At the present time the diocese of Goulburn is the only diocose that bas not yet responded to the request of the soleot committee of thbo provincial synod, made five years ago, that we would duly consider theoa matters and report without delay the roesult of that consideration. Still,wo are not the l?ggarde thin statement would seem to imply, for at the synod held in January 1891, at which oe approved of the amended consti tution of the provincial synod, the late Arch deocon Druilt moved and carried the following resolution :--". Tlit helect committee be up. pointed to report to the next sesooion of synod on thb present ordinance boeore the Sydney synod, which is intended to take tile place of the Act 8 William IV, No. 5, in the event of that act being reopealed." By come overnight, the result of ill-health,.teo arehdoecon failed to name his commiteo, which he intended to do at a later period of the session, and hence, owing to that failure, nothing further resulted ; and thus we are now called upon to say whether we will join in the common action that is being taken by the othen diooesos or not. Ourconsont will not in any Way interfere with the freedom of tho synod's future action, for the repeal of' the Church Act will be non.oporativo in any diocese that has not, and until such diocese has, by ordinance pro vided for the things therein contained. Touching the proposed provincial ordinance for the administration of ,ecclesiastical disci pline in the various dioceses, I would remind you that thin synod passed such an ordinance in the year 1881; and that it remains on our statute list a dead, inoperative ordidanre, for owing to the constitution of the tribunal its provisions are rendered ineffective. We may, I think,, in this matter wisely follow the the notion of the dioceae of Sydney, that dio eese having passed in a recent session of synod the following rosoliution :-" That it is the opinion of this synod that although pro vision is already made in this diocese, by the tribunal ordinance of 1868, for the adminis tration of ccolesinatical discipline, it is never tholess desirable that provision should be made for the formation of a tribunal for the administration of ecoesinastical disoiplino in the dioceses of tile province of Now South Wales, whiho shall be uniform throughout the province so far as may be in accordance with the constitutione." I may further add that this subject will be brought boloro the provincial synod by our worthy and respected chancellor, Mr. A. H. Simpson. Moore Estate and Centennial Fund. Two other subjects that are not without their interest for us are those of the Moore Estate and the Coontennial Fund. Thero is a strong, and I think a very just, feeling that in connection with the management of these two funds, the country dioceses are not fairly treated, owing to moneys that were intended to be for the benefit of the church throughout the colony being in the one case, the Moore estate, almost entirely aborbed in the Sydney diocese, and in tile other, that of the centen nial fund, not equitably distributed. Taleo the case of tho Mooraerotato, whioh was vested in trust in the Bishol of Australia for four die tinet objects, one of those objects being the increase of the stipendo of the poorer clergy in the colony of New South lnales. You will remember that subsequent acts of parlia. ment- wore passed making the Bishops of Sydney, Goulburn, Bathurst, a&., the snoces sors of the said Bishop of Australia, and the properties within their dioceses, which wore formerly vested in the Biship of Australio, were vested in such Bishops respectively, but subjeet to the trusts aflecting the same. The Bishop of Sydney is tle trustee of the Macre estate, but the not which makes him trustee reetains the object and scope of the trusts. Henco it is maintainod, and this matter will be brought forward at the provincial synod, that tho trust ought to be administered for the benefit of the church of the whole colony, and not for the diocuse of Sydney alone. A short time ago part'of the Moors estate was sold. and an annual income of about £2800 is now derived from the proceeds of that salo, nearly the whole of which is detained by the diocese of Sydney. This in a matter that deserves the joint consideration and united action of the country diocescs; and when this subject was brought before me as' the ad ministrator of this di6ceso, Iftolt no hesitation in giving tho assuranceo that the diocese of Goulburn would most 'oartily support the nation of the dioceses of Noewcastle and Bathurst in the assertion of a claim to a portion of that foland which was left by the late Thomas Moore for the supplementing of the stipends of the poorer clergy of the colony of Now South Waloo. Again it is felt that the centennial fond has not been distributed in the interests of tho church in the province, and that the country dioceses are entitled to a muoh larger sum than they receive. You will probably be surprised to learn that thin diocese only, benefits to the extent of £25 per annum from the central fond. Now, when it is borne in mind that the main contributors to the ceontennial fund were the wealthy owners, of our country districts, living it may be in Sydney, it is only fair and just that the claims of large struggling parishes (such as wo have in this diocese) should recovoe that nosistance whioh the fund, as originally designed, was intended to give. The Diocese. Turning now to purely diocesan mattors, let me pay, in passing, a brief tribute to one whose familiar figure and face we mien to-daoy from the ranks of the clergy. I refer to our departed friend and byothor, the lto Arabh doacon DruItt. Let me write hie epitaph. I shall do it in a singlo verse. " He was a good man, full of faith-and full of the Holy Ghost ;" and now bliing gathered home liho a obhook of corn, fullyvripe, we may say of him Bervat of tood, ell doe; . , foat troem f th tlored mploy : Tho httieo lfought, tvletoy wono, Enter thy naoster' tJoy. The pains ofl death are pas, Labour nod sorrow cease, Ald lifle's long wrnrfaro closed at lanst, T hy soal il oned in peace. I have further to report that on tlo 19th of Fobruary the late Bishop founded the dignity of a deaoery in conneetion with St. Saviour's Cathedral, and that the Bishop was pleased in. connection therewith to confer tipon me the dignity of Dean. I accepted the position at bhis earnest wish, and I.ehall over regard it asn a solemn trust; In the diochargo of that trust I seek your prayers, whilst I' thank my brethren the clergy of the chapter, and the members of the council, for the hind and generous support- hih tteoy have oxteonded to me in the discharge of my duties. : The following ch'nuges of clergy have been made in the paribos:--ThdB Rov. Canon Betts'hne'romored from Bombala to Cooia mundra; the Bov. R. Leigh from Konioruba to Tumut; the Beo. H. E. Thomoon from Tnmat to Murrumborrah; the :Bo. J. A. Nowth.M.A..from Tarago:to Komeoru.. Theo Buv. A. R..Bhaw has been licensed to the sole chnrgo of Gloermanon ; the RNov. W. J. Ellie, the lato ourato of Albury, to Pamboul; the 1ev.P. G. Metcnlf, reeontly from England, to Bom'nibala; and the Rev. P. 5. Flinn: BA., T.O.D., to Tatigo. The Rey. 1. Earle and the e.ov . E. THutchioga MB.A. have rosigned their cures. - Confirmations have boon recently held by the Most Nov. the Lord Primate, and by their Lordships tho Bilnhopo of Noeoastole, Riverina, and Bathurst, in the followitg pldcos :-St. Saviouor's Oatheodral, Goulburn, Bega, Pambula, Oobargo, Bodalla, Moruyao, Oooma, Quoeanboeyan, Cauborra, Tarago, Bungendore, Molonglo, Gunning, Yass, Tangmongaroo,. Burrowa, MIarongo, Young, Muirrumburrnb,Gandanai, Adulong, Tumut, Aliury, and Wagga, :Tleoir Vordehips woro onoedingly gretifitod wih the. molemn and earnest bearing ofl the candidaton,. and the signa of churoh lifo in thd parishes they visited..the Fresh oloationa to thb eynod have booen madeoin tiarishos not hiretoforo roprosonted in the prevtout nossions of this synod. Tho paribshos are:-Bombala, Buogendoro, Co-. baroge, Germanton, Mornya, Pambula, and Taralga.; alo in tho plauo of Mro. J. G. •Bolalad, Mr. W. Mather, and Mr. W. D. Armstrong, who have retired from the eyniod. It will be necessary for the synod to appoint no election aommitteo to ozamieo into, noud report upon, the validity of those elections. In. oonolusion, it may hbe eol for me to remind the ynood that'thie is a opeolal sension, and that' properly no other busoneie shouold bh introduced buyond that which tho synod in convened for. Still, after tho'con eoluoio of that busiuoes, it is within the province of te. synod to undertake other businoos if the synod 0o decideso; but ndor the caonstitutiono any rale or ordinance that the uynod may pasao will acquire no validity until the now Dishop hbo given his ntOggg thereto. I am ~Igally advised that thit only oaplies to ronla nnd oidinauces, and does not affect tho passing of resolutions osuch as no have on tho businoes pnpor. And now may tho Lord giveo to us tho help of His grace, and the guiding preseneo of Hin Holy Spirit, that we moy so do'liberato and act upon theo matters thlt aro to bo brought before us, that our proceedings may tend to tho advancement and prosperity of the Redoomer's KIingdom. Tho Rov. Canon Soaeon moved Thnt tllin ynod lbefiore proccdin withl n tho liuslnon nBsios loua hibh hilo bconloln the chinoch tlirolhli thO donth n lof t ni nl in l rlop in of lburn, a lloo nlfcting thol hnrch throin IloMll tie Anltrol O n ctlonlia, bout il a prcn-ninent doreoe tile clnrchl ill thins dioeno. molling To lind OLh Ohristllon .nd benrevolenot hanra ler; tOL thorIai s o theren e qnircd ill tle l othr coinmry, nndi argely mnnurd b long romidelcno and lncessnt lnbours in tlio lonyte of te poi llonolr in of tho diocese, and its ltl e obloworedd uchn l-revrodo preitloant, Olds n0a0 eelo tOie lota is Lndned n dileonlt onne ofelecting 0 sutll naleo nnoCors r too ntheant sno. At tile onmo t0od tho nsnod reonise hI lon grintly its tnak is o ilitantd by tole 00ry Olnonronof tht Itotl Dbhdop, oolnbly in thne completion Oat thoendome of tnie biohopin l ho rcy tion of tho eplncolml residonceno, nd na tile chsnlo and bceolilol cnthedral, In Ilself a lolting lonomonn ol nlin noel, ability, nnd. pors. ranoe In oouveromng dimooltion, and tile utlmulnting ns?etnco hub to o ronitontly inndord tords thle eorllton of coonlehn, prnoonoghe n, d meslouo: houc, told tie porfeclino of tla mnohinory of th0 several purilheo, monlino ho diocioe of Oeulbrn second to 0ono ITo thO Austrnlian eolonint in the ompleteneos of Its orgnnissntion. Velilo lho niving o0pr0 soin to ito Oonti moote with reloernco to tlle loss ti chunrlh hos luo ilnod, tIo the oecptionnl isorth of tin dpOrtld, and to tho noble nork oehiex-e4 by hlm, th synod des(res at thl snme time o renoder thoans to Alonignty nod for hanion so long npared dioo orvont to curry on his lurooon in this diocese and mcronluily callig 1 lioton HImnl ind a Silp old neo, foull of nith and good norws to nnait tOl ronord loid up or him oin aor totn. e Thrt lthis nynod dosolre to cBonoy to Mo. Thomon its heartflt nymprnthl and ondoloeo ncndnr tho verg hovny nOfliction o lone h onu o onlled to endore, mon 00r0c00 tlat a copy no thoe lfregoinog rolution bo Ooraordd to hInr with tho earnest proyer of thle nynond tllot the God of 0ll moroies mno' 'onehoano t0 her tlo nbtondonoo of lis consolntionso and strength to onduro lor 100rc0 triil 0011l tho doy ol hoappy ooiutou. , Br. T. B. Mats seconded the motion, and it wns carried unaninously. T?ll filloning appointments nowr modo:-o Tili Ron. F. Richmond and lIr. J. E. P. Walloer, socretnrios of the synod; Br. I. Shlophord, chairman of committees; and too lion. lt. LcigL, clerk of nommitteon. The nynod thlon went into committee to discnsntlio mode of blalloting to ho adopted in thon election of bitmop, rnod nu still in committee when no wont to prooe. With rogard to tho nominations for thle bishoprio it wns considorod most probhblo tflatl the names of tho Very Rio. Dean Powo Oll, Boo. Canon ChOlmor of Victoria, and tho liv. 1. D. Longley of St. Philipos, Sydnoy, woold bo oobmitlrd, and it wao nor rmotly reportod that on0 or too other names would he proposed; bht nothing definite is honoon at pr0sent. 