GENERAL NEWS. ? w German railway engineers are experi menting with rails made of compressed paper, which are said to be as superior to the ordinary eteel rails as the papfr carriage wheels of trains are superior to those made of iron. German Judges ate not promoted to the Bench from the Bar- They start on their judicial career as assessors, receiving about £60 a year, and gradually work their way up to the higher ranks of the profession, where they sometimes earn as much as .£500 a year. 1 he plum of the Prussian Judicature, in the way of salaries, is held by the President of the Court of Appeal, who gets £700 a year. Deeming's sense of humour must have been strung upon him when he made his will. It was a fine ironical stroke on his part to leave Mr. Shegog, Governor of the Melbourne Gaol, the silver flask which be deliberately stole from a jeweller's stop. At the ninteenth show of the Bull Dog Club, which was held at the Westminster Aquarium, London, lately, 176 specimens, claiming at least to be thoroughbred, were on view in 22 classes. The highest value demanded for a single one ci these was £300 ; £2500 seemed to be a steady market price. Mr. P. B. Beresford Hope's Bedge btxry Lion, many times winner of the 50 gninea challenge cups, stood foremost again. Among dogs under 451b. weight, Mr. A. John Ellis' Champion Grabber was ranked highest. The dog has won over 40 first and champion prizes, and the club 50 guinea cup 3'everal times. Dr. Bedell Benigon's Champion F- rceps came second. In the open class for dogs 551b. weight and over, Mr. John Snchfield's Jummy was first. Bainfall registered this morning : — Carnarvon 1 point, Hamelin Pool 14 points, Northampton 56,Geraldton 36, Dongarra44- Greenough 39, Caraamah 35, Soutkern Cross 6, New Norcia 12, Gingin 24, Northam '25, York 7, Beverley2, Guiidford 22, Perth 23\. Claremont 20, Fremantle 24, Jarrahdale 8, Pinjarrah 7, Mandurab 20, Bannister 13, Williams 23, Votse 15, Bridgetown 15, Kojonup 5, Mount Barker 19, Albany 28, Breiner Bay 45, Esperanee 44. Israelite Bay 66, Eyre 38, and Eucla85 points. The famous Altborp library, the property of Earl Spencer, is in the market ; and un less the collection is disposed of as a whole, will be di&persed; by auction next year. Agricultural depression and low priees, it is pointed out, have made themselves so se verely felt by nearly all the great land owners of the country that no announce tuent of the kind is now received with much surprise ; but none the 'ess is it permitted to be sorry for the hard nee-, ssity which commands tbe dispersal of the finest private library in tha world. It contains fiom 45,030 to 50,000 of the rarest and most priceless bookr, and their condition is as remarkable as their rarity. There are n;ne block books, priLtel before the invent ion of inoveable metal types. A copy of the Mentz Psalter of 1457 was6old a few years a go for £5,000, and there is a dupli cate of this extremely rare work at Althorp. Of osd Bibles there are a large number, and there are no few* r than ±Lfty-£even copies cf different works printed by Carton. When it is stated that only ninety-nine books by Caxton are known ana that tbe British Museum has copies of fully fiffcy-six, the value of the Althorp collec'i-n is apparent. Among them are three of which no otber copy is known to be extant. Of early cla sical printed b )oks there are very many of price!e;s rarity, but it would be iropo -Bible even to indicate ia the bhort space of a paragraph a hundredth part of the marvellous Jibrary formed about a hundred years ago by George John, second Earl Spencer. In order to keep pace with these times of increased activity Mr. I. Bolton, of the Excelsior Carnage Work?, Fremantlo, has made anangementa to enable him to meet ordt r£ at the shortest poEsible cotics and lowest possible prices, a litt being published ia our business columns. Mr. Bolton has been /avored with a large share of bu-iness at the Port, and has among other orders turned out some splendid Parisian phsetocs, dogcarts and trollies, also a large number of low spring drays and carts with the latest improvements. He is now introducing a new style of English de livery van. On Tuesday night last, at the Mechanics' Institute, Fremantle, the usuld weekly meeting of the Scots' Chutch Literary Society was held. The Vice- President, Mr J. EL Adams, occupied the chair. A very interesting lectute was given by the Kev. G. Varley on 'Central Africa.' There was « good attendance. A hearty vote of thanks to the lecturer terminated the pro ceedings. The following piiagraph, culled from tre Rockaampton (Q.) Morning Bulletin., will be of some interest : — ' Mr. F. A. Bowker, who for nearly ten years ha; been a mem ber of the staff of Messrs. Walter Keid and Co., merchants and importers, and since the floating of the business into a limited Company has hrldthe position of Secretary to tbe Company, was entertained at dinner last night in the Eelmore Arms on the occasion of his leavicg for Perth, Wi stern .lustra ii, where he j.urpo&±6 enteri- g upon business on his own account. There were between twenty and thirty gentlemen present. Mr. E. V. Reid, mac aging direat )t of Mt-ssrs. Walter Reid and Co.. occupied the chair, supported by the guest of the evening and Mr. J. T. C. Kan ken and Mr J. M. Niell, and the vice chair was taken by Mr. W. H. Rudd. After dinner, tbe CLaiiniiu said be would sub mit to them but one to--st — the health ef Mr. Bowker. Many of them had known Mr. Bowker far longer than be, but few, if any of them, had enjoyed opportunities of forming so accurate au estimate of bis character. For three yeais now he bad been in daily, almost hourly, intercourse with, Mr. Bowker, and he had been to him a valuable colleague —one whoFe honour was his lif.-, who was sreadfast in all thing?, especially in his friendships, and wto was at all times loyal to tbe core. Ot his own free will be was resigning a vert important position. He prefr-rred 10 step out and fight a Jone bacd rather ttan remain any long~r in servitude They might b ? divided in their opini ns as 1 1 to«? prudence of tbat 6t; p, hHt 1 hey would all ackno-vle !ge that it indicated the pre sccee of pr at force of c'aatae'er, ani tha* was an el meet on which they might re*t hiih hopes of Mr. Bo-.vke:'s success. He a-kei them to join bim in drinking health uni prosperity to Mr. Bowker. 'i he toast was drunk with ir.uch enthusiasm. Mr. Bowker,in acknowledging the compliment, said he was deeply impressed with a sause of tlieir generous ^ood-will in inviting bim there that evening to wish him good luck in the position he was entering on — an im pression tbat would remain with him for a very long period. He was delighted to think be was carrying away the goodwill and friendship of those who had known him k-- long-, and if be vrvre as successful in gain ing ike esteem of those he was going amongst he wonld hav« gieat reason to congratulate himself. A number of gen tlemen afterwards contributed songs, and a couple of hours passed away very pL?a The traffic earnings on the Eastern Kail* way for the month ended tbe 26th of June last amounted to £6,981 2s. 10d., or £2.1 70 5s. lid. more than those for the corresponduig period of 1891, *$ich were £4,810 16s. lid, Tbe receipts from passen gers and parcels were £2,474 7e. 8d., and from goods £4,506 15s. 2d. The tonnage was as follows : June, 1892, 9,554 tons 17} -» cwt., | June, 1891, 7,714 tons 194 cwt. ♦ Tet another full house asscmbledat the St. George's Hall last nighttomeetandgreet the Pollard Liliputian Opera Company on their final return to Perth for a two nights, season. The piece selected was 'The Mikado,' in which we are disposed to think they outshine all their other peiformanees. Master A. Stevens as Ko Eo kept the audience in a constant state of ine- riinent, and was applauded to the echo. Master Bobby Olongh replaced Miss Marion Mit chell as Nanki Pooh, and, sweet as is the little boy's voice, he was ecaxcely a satis factory substitute for that very charming young lady. Miss Lily Everett as Turn Yum acted and sang excellently, and Mies Lily Stephens was a most vivacious and charming little Pitti Sing, her singing of ' He's going to marry Yum Yum,' be ing twice encored with enthusiasm. The ^ acting of Master Percy as Pooh Bah was as ? discreet and effective as ever, and Master Quealy deserves much credit for his dual impersonation of Pish Tush and The Mikado. Orchestra and chorus were as com pi«te ana satisfactory as usual. To-night Miss Marion Mitch 11 takes a benefit is ' The Pirates of Penzance,' and the re markably clever company make their final appearance, after a prolonged and remark ably successful series of seasons in Perth, which should be as satisfactory to them as it certainly has been to their audiences. The opera this evening will be fol lowed by a short concert, including a tableau representing 'Ihe Death ef Nelson,' and Miss Marion Mitchell will sing Ponfcet'e 'Carrissima.' The Company will on Monday proceed to Albany, where they will play a four-night season, and pro ceed thence to Adelaide, opening at Hud son'a Bijou Theatre in ?' The Gondoliers.' It may be hoped and expected that not many months will elapse ere the Messrs. Pollard, Manning and their Company pay another visit to Western Australia. Dr. KelEall delivered last evening the final lecture to the men's clacs (No. 6) of the St. John's Ambulance Association in the Fire Brigade Boom. At the conclusion of the lecture Sir. Robert O. Law, on behalf of the members of the class, cordially thanked the learned lecturer for his valua ble services, and Dr. Kelsall suitably re sponded. Says a Melbourne paper : — Deeming's villa in Windsor is tenanted agiin. Tbe pretty prattle of children enlivens it. but they haven't got a canary yet, and nobody complains of a ghost, as at Beaney'6. A sale by auction of Crown lands, was held at Southern Cross on the 5th inst. The result of the rale was as follows : — Southern Cross Lot 54, purchased by Wm. Oats, for £75; Southern Cross Lot 59, B. H. Barrett, £51 ; Southern Cross Lot 78, L. K. Seivefcing, £48 ; Southern Cross Lot 79, W. P. Jeffries, £57- The upset price for these lots was £30 each. The following report by the Chief In spector of Stock upon the condition of sh- ep in the Central Scab District for last month appears in the Government Gazette. 'Ihe paiticnlars given are the names of the owners, the date of infection, the number an-i description of the sheep, and where quarantined or suspected: — 1261 — M. Lrgne Jane 16th, 200 mixed, Old House paddock ; do. June 28tu, 4000 do., Ellen Dale pad dock ; L. C. Burges, July 15th, 16uO ewes and lambs, Oakabella ; do., July 31st, 1- 30 mixed, Oakabella ; M. Morrissey Jan., Sept ember 18th, 950 do., BadadH, C. and H. Foss December 14th, 1200 do., Arino. 1892 — L. C. Burges, Febiuary 8th, 1800 do., Oaka bella., John Pell, March 2nd, 700 do.. Gadgy Cadsy ; T. R. Kodhead, March 3rd, 7000 do , Minniooka ; 1. C. Burges, March 8tb, 240 do , Se^ell's paddock ; do.. March 12th, 1300 do., Alenina paddock ; E. Wilton, March 13th, 300 do., Cooroo ; J. S. Davis, March 27th, 7000 do., '1 ibradden paddocks; R. Wi'toa, March 28th, 1221 do., Widgigully ; Sharpe and Mawhiuney, Match 28tb, 2700 do., Eradda paddock ; M. Mor riEsey. jun., April 1st, COO do., Oadgycorcon ; S. Mark?, Ap il 2nd, 2500 do , Parnong pad dock; H. & J. Bread. Apiil 4tb, 1050 do., Mellembye ; do., April 20th, 1043 do., Min dingKrra ; P. Crawford, May 3l6t, 452 do., Walkaway ; M. J. Morrissey, Jane 1st, 1293 ewes, Melia ; J. Fitzgerald, Tune 3rd, 936 mixed, Buddingtbarra ; J. McCarthy, June 6tb, 820 do., Boodargio ; L. C. Burges, July 12th, 2575 do., Biliabolong; C. V. toss, Joly 20tb, 950 do., Wailpa ; L. C. Burgee July 28th, 578 do., Alma paddock : Waiawngbt and Co., July 30th, 1000 do., Breckman's Hills. A Melt ourne paper bas the following : — An American millionaire, Mr. George Mont gomery, and his wife, have joined the ranks of the Salvation Army. They bave donned the customary dress, and no doubt carry a banner apiece with effulgent humility. It has not transpired whether Mr. Mont gomery has put his millions as well as him self into the ' Army/' otherwise we d&ubt; n if his reception will be commensurate with his self-abnegation. ' General ' Booth was always red-hot in tbe matter of converts, but he always kept a spare eye open for the main chance, and in this case, having con verted a millionaire to the Lord, he will bo equally glad to convert tbe recruit's money to — the Lord knows what. 