GAN THE. SEA GIVE UP ITS DEADD?: Told by an EB-Dfetective. CRAPTER I. "??: . Cn h o0sTLY nlurlpT. In that delightful sulur-do Ltinddos, Haumstead, dwelt SirChetrls' LestEr, n'man u0oBf grest wealth for the position he held by his rank. Still, he-was proud and haughty, and, to theose who offended him, stern and unforgiving. The houne in which he lived was an old-fashioned red birioc one; sourrounded with a high wall and fine old irees, wihich shut out the chasrning prospect of the country around. The windows were quafiat, being forsimed of little equaree--for Sir Charles woald have be?n horrified at thid ideaof modernizing the dear old place, He had for many years lived almost thelife of a her mit; even hie own relations weie'eceived with such coldness that they cailedians eldom as pro priety would nermit. To thi lri-s?e E0iDn I Bhdieeb' i eBiuifidned, and there I found Sir Charles extended uposga'ofae bed;, with a small table placed-by: his side.. On this table were kinite, a Bible, and a- bottle of phyic-.; . .-, . -.*., :. ..,?.: " e eeat?ed, Mr Gerval,".aaid SirCharles, "May I offer you some refreshment." "No, thank youen, Sir Chinrles; but, if you please, Swe will to businessee I always ilike to have the Iull particulars at once, andI.would ask yon not to keep any secrtl from me. 1Of course, .what you tell me will be'in the'tiatet ebofidenice."' ;': "I0nd l I nll endeavor in ar;ry out your in. Etructcone. I may e-as well inform you that this house haso been said 1to be haunted ever eince the days of QTaen Ane. I did ~On believe it; but now "- IIe paused, his face becdime pale, and hie lips quivered.: Then he added in a broken-voice: .?' "Notw: I b ,1ic it." "lBelieve it, Sir Charlee!"I exclaimed, in a: tonishment.. . It wonlii take a great deal to make me believe any horieb was haunted." ' That may be.. However; listen. You moust know that my estates wereentsile, but my grandfather, Swith thcoveontof my father and myoelf, cut off the entail. The reareois foi doing this were, firstly, heavy mortgages which had been madn.to pay my, grandlathler's gambling debts--for walll preferred poF~Ei tfto diwsponpr." .r " tlitr, Sir Chanrles, yon are not;poo- '- . "Not ae an ord/ncry mon,'teaid Sir Crlo? with pride; " but for my position terribly no, Well, let that matter pass. 1 cnme into the property, in due -onroe of time, and set aboit restoritng tho Iamil fortune. Foolish ide'l I;shoffeduy hnowledg of the world:bhj marryiegffe-rloL, a sifier--bearati fat an an angel. But noeatter; ahbo .d in giveing birth to a child.. Oh, howil loved thas child I ?Per hiape I am to blenie for what happeriet aftlerwards: Hcrbert greu ioi'E-- iole nwltd, eg,-Hedven torgiv me for havingto ery th of my, een l-steo.yter to a face; I becrame stern-?hne replied in equal anger. I? turned him frosh my doreo, and lie fled to America. Hut a reletgtnule more thiible.tha" .mind oveirtcok him. Tieshiup struck upon eome rocshte nthe oasn of Anseraia andl every asi On board peud-rd. Ui?t time Ilcasli the deepiest wouned notbh "a icliona, and i forgeot and forgave Rlerber; Irideped o re.ation a oauin only-who eis now at cotlege. and-on him I have ertledeverything-ajo evenu to my. beseo love, and waeldhave;1bree reptidiby hino ,a t: ie." . - " : " 'Wmll, Sir harlee, I said, "if thotie the case I trsa yinu are at lee: happy." - " I should have been greu?aoed the eroht r The ?n ler a pse, lie added tin an ? Twe.trucf whisper \- " ion the soarina spits dead y9 u i The invenwity with whicth -the qnears?i ..s w -at omehabt "trtlid me. However, with an ttempit et a smile, I gave him to underselnd that I wan no believer in the superoetural. - Ife drs'w himielf nearer-eo me, end said, in a wihteeer: - -- - elly son lwhrba1.?to wt s drchaiete aes hauotn tios boune. sc 1 ati-- ' so-n whieb u to.h ai me nst have h deonar a u riion , my d0tC a Noeithr,"i hlee-sdl. earneoria.. "It wab his drerit. I had jtisn awlaened from a tightdaema when by the moculighewmhirh ame tehroungi starindo. Iednwln ehedow plide ascross the.r or . Io tner from an affetion of Gbo spine, nod tan but msove with elow. "Aee, and with the gratesa pail. ,ouwver, with come difl:uty I managnd to rcise inyeelf on-my dreaming ?" elbow Cs wnrech Ike epplct~s inny v Clb~fis It gtidrd to youedc cecritoire Ina opesa shehac )C meet touch a 0-entL spring. Thne ins 'bn apaeatnn ecemed in ksnoiv, for it t.it/td ithe iren isa, otliicrot dinnevr document.' -- - "Are yen certain, bair Charlee, yan worn net dreaming 1"' "I was not dreaming," Mr. Gerval. , Ohl; no I I ralled Aee? ',Wh6 are you-- whet do yon want hkeel The epeetre turned ite" face tow'ard me, and i bow by Ctlepalenlighi'ef the mc-n thCli features oefly son. He gfazed nrrowfallyd at me, and then vanished closd by hat old ward~obe.n i, ? .: - SA etirtlig toory ll: 1iinarkm:d. "dHave you eetn anything since ?: - . ? •i s" y -ealy onesand then it vansod en a ":' You fouii??l the l docuaient all-righ " : :s . ht " Yes'; but it had been oponed add iea"'d:: a h:" ,at sets ,hA naturde0f the docrsment ?' I H-"i will The wii in Whih I. leaive all my pro ptiy"tof my'ad.ptd on o rg St" a dg Sinec then I have hod Ch well removed to an esen eafe."" - " • And-you have not ese t ghost anine eli Never: But I have known• tho'e it han bern nera m'e.' ihe?e heard it.". r e n?r' : Heard it !-- a "Yes. ..Ilave 1 not told.you that my wife was a ainge~l; :Wtll;ehe.need in'pdlnothe harp dmsirably. When ohe died I eould not bear the sigha- bf..the in sterueient,and. had it remoived to a room where; amongoat old cabintts and so foereth, it has renimined, in spite of mys'on's pleoding ibt.t ifshould be given to him-for he was patoesoately fond of mueip; but I coold not be'ar any Onc totouch her h?ip, 05 it: remained silent uteil"-eheraelie pnued, paesld hid hand quickly over hlin es, end groaned. iThcn, leaning over towards mae, Ia easid, sinaoaolemn whieper,'" Until aIew nights ago, when t hrcid that hbrp played by--by--miyie." i e , " Imposeaile I Yolan el th she died in siing birth to your only son ?" I remsrkej. g -"That in periectly truo; hut at the name tihe I can swear that I hesrd her plny ons of jtliseiuvaild German airs bf which slhb uecd"obhse sodtf Id.?I listened, entranced. I couldnot--I dared not movoe. -The next morning I went lo thernbminnse ihtBit=- I roldn ot do tl,'an.t I found it loredal and boltivins I had left it. I noamined the bolts, and tbt'-diuet was still on them. No one could have entered that Iroom.' . "Your adopted son, lIe Goreg a SRaienirg gd Ac know aunything about this', I belid. "I wrote him all particulare, and I eopected him here from Ohford bafoe yeu," rplied the baronet '1 I wihhed yoa to conesult with him." "Conftaund it all l" I thought, " When will people learn to beep their togngot stsil~ ntIT said quietlyn tu - nir aGnarru?;?rr m oncehe ll t bet most delighted, and '- . Ths sonoroea clang of the lodge bhcill interrupted us. A oaetiage came up the drive, and in a few moments a handeome young .fellow.brSal into the room in a manner I though'lil:lf fittled fora asitk chamber, . "My dear benefactor," he cried. Iurrying up to the bed and bendies over the nick man," -'what is tbis I hoear Can it be that some wetcher r are try ing by these mean` to rob yeni-to kill you-by working on your too sens-itive nature? Of courre a- to their being real.epeCtree; that's all mon shine." " Husah,hush, George t" said Sir Charles, tgintly; ' you are too boisterons for me. This is the gentle. man whom I have had fetaohd from London to solve the myetery, and he says that we must keep the matter entirely to ourselves. You mst noe l t a soul in the house know who or what he is yoa understand 1" Mar Georgo Standing declared he did underslaud, and shook me cordially by the hand, saoying tIh' ihe would help me in every- way. Then he inseited that he would sleep in Sir Charltcs' room, and Sir Charles have another, where he would net be did torbed. SI had wished to have made the slme propo?a about the room, as 1 wanted to sleep there; but Ihl baronet seemed delighted at hia adapted son's cou. rage, and so I had to give up my claim. I strolled into theo lcrtensivo groundse, and lit my Scigar so as to smoke and think over tlt case. SBut lcoould makehnothing ofit. OI? truo, 1 dia not like the interlcrvnce of 31:r George Standing a handsome, openeJd-fea d gentlamau, but with un I steady eyes and lipe, and, vaat I dIelike, far too · guebing, In tbs midlst cf thce tru!lle the eound of the dinner-bell struck upon my ear, and I hurried bask to join iMr BSandmng i'the dining-room, as I ad,rpg aiSce40, oo Din?ar over, at Mr ;Standing's invitation I joined him' in the smoking-oom, 'where we had some capital cigars and cofl e. In course of conversation htlet drop the secret that Sir Charles's son had to go abroad in coneequence of some forgeries he had oommittef. "Sir UCharles never told ms that," I said, quiokly. " 1 o, of caurse he would not-the honor of theo family, and all that kind of thing," said Mr Stand ing, someowhathuseily. " And now poor Bertie has gone, tbholeast eid about it the better. But that weas the case. Of course Herbert had to bolt, ar d you know the eet--he was drowned.'' "You ore sure ho was drowned?" "Positive. I do not know all the full particulars but SirCharles bad the ease thoroughly investigated, and there was not the slightest doubt of it. I never could make poor Herbert out. I suppose his erratic and bad qualities came from the mother's side." " Perhaps so," I xemarked, quietly. "You sleep in Sir Charlies's room to-night?" "I do," he muttered, pollino forth a pistol, "And if the ghost appears I intend firing at it." " Be careful, and don'c shoot rashly, "I remarked. "If Sir Charles really did' see this phantom, who can tell that it may not be some sleep-walker? And in that case it would be homicide, though, perhaps, in the lowest degree." "Never fear me; I know what i am about," he eaid; "Perhaps you will have news by the morn "Perhaps I shaill," I said, and, wiehing him good evening, etrolled out in the grounds. S HAPTER II. mcrH iceTEor OF ToE HaBP. ~That nightbelog tired from the day's work and thes.resh: air, ~I soon fell asleep, to dream of all kisds of ghoests and mysterius music. Suddenly I awoke, and as I collected my thoughts, the sounds of music fell upon my ears, but not the music which'I had heard in my dreams. It was the musie of a harp lightly touched, and yet with exquisite feelirig. I do confees that alter all Sir Charles had told me, I began to feel superetitionus for the first time in my life; but for all that I was not to be done. So getting out of bed hastily, I put on my clothes, taking care, however, noet to put on my boots; for I wished to steal about the house as noiselesely as piossible.. SThe music had ceased by now, and all the house semed wrapped in alence. Taking up the lamp I gently unlocked my door, and stole out into the coridor. ; , All quiet.'Indeed, after the shook my nervef hadreceired, all seemed to me most unnaturally quii., and I could realiso the old saying--" As sill oas deth, " iwaosabouit to retdrn to'my own room when the sharproport oe a pistol emote upon my ear. It was followed by a faint' cry, and both came from the room lately bccupled by Sir Oharles, and now tenarited by his adopted on. I soon'found that not I alone .had heard the rsport of the pistol. The bodsshold had been aroused, and lights began to tlit about. '."Qsict, uick li' I cried. "Come here " ::"Whet is. it, sic = What is the matter 1" do mrnded many of the servants as they hurried to wards me. " i don't know,' But follow me." I wdutd e0oncr have entered the room alone, buht that could not be. We knocked at the door and ctlled on MIr Standing, but no reply came. So, ordering one cr two others to helpme, we burst in thedoor. - George Standing lay on the bed as pale as death. Indeed, when I fire? saw him 1 believed he was dead; but the servants dashed water over his face, and after .n little white he recovered. In facet, I thought be recovered somewhat sooner tbhan was siaturl? . " Let -'e get out of this horrid rooml " he cried. "I have seen it--l have seen it I" "Seen what 1" demanded the Eeroants, eagerly. "Mr Standing," I said. sternly, "ere you a coward; that a dreram could have so fribghtened you? Thieiuk how ill Sir Chsrlhs L.ster is. By the way'," 1 continued, turning to thle servaots, "eome of you had better go and see how Sir Charles is. This mad freak-nightmare, or .whatever it is-may have gieatly alarmed him. - The'reet can go to bed. I willromain with IMr Standing." Of course the servants did not like this, as it did not satisfy their couriosity; but as IMr Standing, much to my ourprise, ordered the people to obey me. they did so moot reluctantly. When wo swere alone, aud the door eeouely locked, I turned upon Mr Standing, and said, qaietly : . Mr Standing, I am not to he humbugged. What is the neaning of this little game?' \- "Game.l"he exelaimed. "I do not understand you. What do you mean ?'" He tried to look indignant, but I could see that he moved about uneasily, and there was that trembling Sothbo upper lip which no honest or truthful man ever has. "I simply mein thisa.. I do not bhlleve a word about the ghost. -I believe you have done this only tofrighten Sir Charles. I do not believe in ghosts, and therefore I do not for one moment credit that Mr HIerbert Lestor amuses himself by marching about these rooms at the dead of night. Sir Charles is ill;-he has been very severe with his son, whose death has been a heavy blow to him. Naturally, in his.weak state, his imagination runs wild, and he f;icois all kinds of things, and nothing so likely that hsis lleated thoughts should run upon his boy. But yeu are different. From what I can hear, there never was much love between you and IMr Hlerbert. I'ou could only conjure up such a vision from osee cause." 'Indeedl And what may that cause boe?" he said, with 4 forced laugh and a meaning glance at me. " To kill Sir Cbarles with fear and remorse. You kiosW the nervous state he is tin, and any great shook mightbe hIis death., Take my advie, si r; go. and see rho baronet at once. Tell him it must have been a dream." .,,. "? By hevens, i Wasnot i" cried the younge11ow, quicily...,. "ollow, 7*i"Veryw.ll, the~h, if you will not go I must," I said, qicetly.. ' Only I thought you could have sndd thI itory eo as to suit your purpose better than ?I'shall be able to do." HIe thought foi i'moment, and then hastily wrap ing a dressing-gown about himself, thrust his feet inteoshis elipper,'and, muttering something about bein ready to do what I wished, although he Eaw no usein it, left the room. ,: waited until I was sure he would not return, :then, locked the door. I seized the lamp, and turned the light up a little way so that I could see better. Then I began to examine the place cearefully where the epectre was said to have disap. pearced. The svillappeered solid enough. I triedit gently ilthlniy knecklee, but no sound of hollorwnes was giciven forth. Suddenly my eyea vere arrested by a sodtdn tbs polished boards. C knelt down and ex _mined it c?.refully. It was wet, and when I touched it Ifound that it was blood. Yeps, blood I I traced it on and on, drip by drip, until I came to the recess by the old-foshioned lire. place. lhre they ceaved. I eaminedthe wainscot carelully, and at last discovererd what appeared to baa Bo a ll~c'Lred knob. which 1 szowead ..a ... on U I;UC aPulUL VU wnleu It wee fiXed yielded at once to my touch, and I diseovered a narrow openiug, in which was a staircase, I found theb secret of the sprine inside, and then, has ing entered ,he passage, closed the dor carefully behind me. "Up. up, up I went, for the staircase was spiral, when at last I found myself opposite another door, whiob I examined carefully, and soon discovered a similar spring as in the door below. I was about to tough it, when low, sweet soundse of glorious mu'ei rose softly on the air-so soltly that I could spcarcely believe it to boef this earth. I turned the light of the lamp down until it was only a spark, and then placed it upon the step. I turned the sreret epriog, pushed open tbo door, which opened noiselessly, and crept into the lum bar-room-for the sound told me that was the noartment esid to be haunted. It was a fine long room, liglhted only on one side by low, egabled win dows, through which the fi;tlul light of thIe moon now and then g!eamed as she brokes through storm roent clouds. By this light I managed to see that there were heaps oe old furniture and subch like things about, looking most ghost like in the gloom. tuot one obj-:oet fixed my attention, and I beaame blind to all others. It was a yoooung man who was seated at a harp, this etriogs of which he touched plaintively, whilst his pale facoe was turned with a sosrowful loek to thile window. I knew it in an instantl. It was that of Herbert Ltsicr, but so ghastly pale that lalmost believed it wxas a ghost. Presetly hie touched the Etriogs rather louder, srending forth the weird sounds which had so startled ithe houesehold. ' Well." thought I, " anythiog more like a ghost I unveis?ay. But reason tells ma ghosts cannot rstirtarp itrings; so here goes." I etaole gen'ly up behind him,but striking aome thiog-with my loot, the sound attracted his atiaen 'lisp "Herbert Laster, what is the meaning of this folly ?' I said. There was no doubt he was there, flesh and bone now; for he turned roun a and grappled with me with a strength that I could not have believed so frail a creature could have paeeesred. However, I soon had him under my control, and saidl : "Listen to me. sir. I am your friend, although the way I may have to behave may nst seem like it. We have not a minute to lose; soe. l you please, you will just tellme what the whole aoffir means, hiding nothing from me. RIemcmbcr, 1 say, I am your friend, and 1 mean it.. Come; speak out, and do not hide a thing." The young fellow saw that I wasn right, and briefly told me all. 'CHAPt'ERI III BETRIBUTION." T10,aieoalpBTeeosroira. Then, noihseleoly and olutionesly, we crept to the door of Sir Charles Leater'a eloping apartment. By the dim light of a moderateur lamp, which was only half turned up and carefully shaded, I saw Sir charles seated in bed; propped up by pillows. By the bedside stood George, his right hand grasped in the long thin ones of the sick man, and the left placed~ over hise eyes. He looked the pinture of grief. " ?iy son-for so I shall now consider you, Her. bert being dead-I feel that but a few days, or at best weeks, can intervene between this nond my death. lH, mel when we are in strong health, howe little do we think of the rashness of our actions I But death, in dimmifig our bodily sight, opens our mental eyes and clears, their vision. Herbert did wrong, I know; bot was I'not to blame as well?" "Oh, no, no i" sobbed the orrowful George; " do not say that. You 'ould not be to blame." "*Ah, yes, I was I But that is over-he is dead. Yoir saw his spirit ?" " I did indeed. I can swear it. I fired aet it." "What could have brought it here? Stay, Georgo, I have left you everything; but still I love my son. lied he returned to me and asked for givenese, he should have had it. I have grieved for him deeply, and long siace 1 have forgiven him. eMay IHeaven torgive him also "P' "Surely, surely," sobbed the young man. "I pray for his soul night and day. Oh, had he not forged those bills "- "He did not forge those bills--st least, I have hopea that sooh is not the case. Yesterday I re' ceived a letter stating thatprroofs of his innocence would scon bh forthcomring. lodeed, lately 1 have had several communicetations of almost the like nature. Seniostimes-1 could almost fancy 1 re cognise Herbert's style in the writing of there notes," "Ab, how the eaffctions work upon the imagina tion 1" groaned George. "No doubt some scheming wretch has done this." "It may be so; 1 do not kno--I cannot say," replied Sir Charles, as he passed his hand wearily over hh brow. "1 feel as if 1 had been in some horrible dream from which 1 am elowly awaken. ing." "?Who .ere these letters signed byT" asked George, softly. "They are not signed-they are anonymous," replod Sir Charlee. "'1 have placed them care. fully away in that drawer. You mayo exmine them." 1 saw George's eye light up with glee as he left the bed and moved towards the drawer indicated. As he did so, the light fell full on his Ieace, and 1 mnnet say 1 never saw anything so evil. There was a devilish triumph in the thin lips, and the long, thia white hands moved nervously, as if eager to grasp the papers. Tome that look bhtrayed nall, oand 1 determined upon a bold move. 3Iotioniog Mlr Herbert to keep still, 1 moved quickly forward, so as to place myself between the yodng fellow and the drawer containing the letters. a Pardon me," 1 ERsaid, quietly. "With your per. miession, I will examine these letters beforoe you touch them." He sprang back, his face first pale and then livid with rage, as he exclaimed : " What the devildo you want here, sir ?" "To do my duty,' 1 replied, quietly-" honestly and fairly; and that is more than 1 think you can say, 3Mr Standing." "'Sir'Charles, am 1 to be insulted?" almost shrieked Mr Standipng. " SirCharles has placed this matter in omy hande, and will be kind enough not to interfere," 1 put in, as I drew forth thie letters, and, opening the psoket, took out a letter. BSeding that 31faster Georgt wis ready to mate a spring upon the others if 1 put them on the table. 1 thrust them into my pocket, and, advancing to the lamp, coolly commenced to read the one 1 had in my band, although I knew the contents would not guide meto anything. IHovsver, 1 took great care to watch my agitated friend out of the corner of my eye. ': Good writing for a gbost," 1 muttered, loud enough for the others to hear-" almost too good; but there is a mistiness about them which becomes a person of eo little substanes:" 1 then drew a letter from the other end of the packct, opened it, and read that. "Sil Charles," enid 1, quickly, "have you any of those forged bills handy ?" lie pointed to he same draeor, and 1 soon had the bills in my hand, comparing them with the letter. " This is too bad I" cried George Standing. " ls the honor of the family to be placed in this fellow's hands-a low policeman 1" "Better trust the Aons'r of the family in my hlands thtan in those of some people 1 know. Sir Charles, are you prepared for a greal surprise-an agreeable one, 1 hope. but one which may tax your strength to the utmost?" - "Go on. 1 am ill, but can bear all." "' Some of these letters, wherein your son asks for pardon, are no doubt genuine; the others are forgeries." "IForgeries I" "Yes; and the man who forged those lettera forged thc bi.W." " Great heavens I" - George grew ashen white. " It' a fact, and l oan prove it," said 1. "Your son shall prove it." ,' y son I He is dead!"eried the baronet, an angry bshade gathering on his face. "Be calm. HRa is not dead. You saw no ghost you ardno ghost; but you did see your eso in the flesh. Now, be calm." "1 am calm. Where is hel"demanded Sir Charles,eagerly. " Hiere I' cried Herbert. And the nextl msment hIe was kneoling at his lather's bedside. 1 shall not easily forget the glance of hatred George gave me at that moment. As soon as the father and he were calm enough, I said : "We had better wind this little metter up as quickly and quietly as possible. Sir Charles, with your permission 1 will take a chair. Gentlemen, 1 pray you will be calm and keep your tempers. RHo member I ccue0 nobody, and the chorter your ann swers are the quicker will this painful scene be over. Firot of all, 3Ir Lester, how cmco you to bk playing ghost in your own father's hoose ?" "After 1 wos ccuerd of all sorts ol rime., by the advice ot George, 1 started ifor Auetralia. t ruse hTs Mrg'v:nees, 1 made my wvc inland.~ t last, all other ties beiog broken, 1 determiued.to return home, faee my fate, and prove my innaocensnep. 1 communicated with Gearce, who told me it was madnaes; that my father had a warrant out against me, and 1 could expest nomercy. Still, 1 returned, and being acquainted with a secret passege whish led from the old tower in the gorounds, I availed myself of it, determined to dieuO;'r what baleful in fluence was at work to keep my father's heart c0 from me. Kuowing the ways of this old housoe, [ wasa able to glide about like a ghost. As last i was discovered by this gentleman whilst playing my mother'e harp." "GrCat heavens I" murmured the baronet, clasp. ing his thin Ihands. " I think moat ghost stories could be as easily explained as this one," said I, "if people would but set about clearing up the matter coolly. Go on, iMr Herbert-go on, sir." "The dread of being tried for forgery kept rle anway some time. At last I ventured all. I wished to obtain the forged documents, prove my itno cence, and then, father, humbly crave your mercy. 01 course directly George heard of the ghost, ihe knew lwho it wse. He attempted my life in thbe Eo cal!led haunted chamber. I was wounded, and by the bloodmarks, this gentllemanu traced me to the old lumber-roam. My story is told--andrl, ftalther, I am hbre i" I never could do the patheltia bueinces, and my eres are not given to weeptrg, but they were damp ti?hen, aud I had a unassy lump in my thIroat. At last Sir Ciarlea released his son, aud, turn iog to G~eorge Stonding, eaid : " George Srneding, you bave heard all that has pao.ed. Can you deny iti Nsy, do not arld to your masny otlcr crimes that of ly' Iu I see the lie is in your brain aud in your hea?rt, but it Cheokes even your throat. Coouees all, and I will not only o lar redon you that fur ahbll not be punishedk: but settle on you a modets competeccy on whbih you can live abroad, whero your antecedente will be unknown. Think before you answer-for your ohoice is finol." He thought for ai moment, and then said, sulkil7 : "u~ell, I conlers that I did lay the trap into which both Sir Chazth and Ilfebert fell. The state eas worth the rick, and bold as the game wee I played it. 01 course I tried to keep Herbert away. Whilst tu was eomewhere in Mlexico, I weas salfe. Fo:tue turned utpon me-he came back. You kno;v tle re?t." "Abt ndoned wrtchb 1'" cried Sir Charles. "Go I Never more enter my precence. Go to your room, and Ihere commit a full conufesion of your crime to paper. 3y itt trothfulncse shall I regulate the allowsncee 1 ehall granu you. Then quit the house for ever. All cmmnunieatione bEtween us must now be made through mylawyer. Go I" With a half-defiant air, the young fellow left the room. 1 eeou followed him, deeming it prudent to leave fatIer and Eon Blone. As I softly olosed the door, 1 hIeard Sir Charlen offering up a fervent thanksgiving that the sea had given up its dead. 