A THRILLING EXPERIENCE, r I ,had occasion. sqnio. months ago to ^ from a point a long distance up on the Gowtfts River, across the country towatd the line of the -railroad. For most of the distance the read, or rather the track? led through a rough. wild . country, which was generally covered with heavy forests, and tangled impenetrable thickcts of under brush jyiore than forty miles were to be..tra versed. I started; very vearly—short!j after daylight. I was mounted on small Indian .pony, of a scrubby»ignoble bn«d: Lest I should not be able to accomplish the journey in one day, or might toot be able to reach some cabin along the route, I had taken the pre caution to strap a pair of white blankets behind my saddle. The only weapons ~ liad were a small pocket pistol—Ringle barrelled-^and a small two„*dged dirk". On starting J had| noticed that my pony was slightly lame. Thinking he ; would get over '.it. when..,warmed "up on . the road, I pushied ahead. However, the lameness increased, end long before noon I fonnd that I should have to abandon the horse and make the mainder of the journey on foot, if another animal could not be obtained No horse could be obtained for love or money, so leaving the crippled pony and the saddle at a logger's ranch, pushed on, carrying my roll of blankets -on my back. The trail wound round through dense, gloomy forests- So thick and tall werp the troes . that the lofty, interlacing branches overhead shut out the sun rays, and much of the light of day. In ; a sort of sombre twilight I pushed on Before I had covered many miles I be- • gan to feel some uneasiness—a singular ' presentiment of evil foreboding. Still I ' went forward; striving to drive away the presentiment bv thinking of my business. However, the feeling that there was some danger in my pathway " increased. Some instinct told me that I was being followed. Soon a peculiar . whirring sound, resembling the purring of an- enormous cat, attracted my atten tion. Casting a quick glance behind me, imagine my dismay at seeing in the trail, not seventy five yards away, large, fierce cougsr. The animal was trailing along slowly with its belly close to the ground, and ' switching its tail like a cat when pre. : paring to spring on an unsuspecting mouse- Catching my eye the couga r ; suddenly stopped, placed its head clos e to the earth, and in a crouching atti i tude watched me intently. My situa tion was a very grave one. Armed \- with only a small pistol and knife, \- miles from human habitation, alone in the heart of a great gloomy forest, and confronted by a large, hungry-looking ' cougar fmy position* was not to lie envied. Fortunately, I was thoroughly acquainted with the cowardly disposition ot the animal. Unless pressed by hnnger I knew the cougar would not openly attack me. Grasping my pistol in one hand and the knife in the other, I turned and advanced toward the lurking foe. The cowardly creature retrected. To emphasize matters I discharging my pistol, taking precious good care to shoot wide of the mark. To wound the animal was the last thing in the world I wished to do. Deliberately reloading I then turned and moved rapidly forward, keeping a sharp lookout over my shoulder. The cougar persistently dogged me. Some- times it gained, on me and I would have to diive it back by shouting and discharging my pistol. This I kept up for about two hours- I hoped -to finally frighten the animal away, but it still dogged my footsteps. I pressed on, weary and footsore, hoping soon to emerge from the forest or to reach some wayside cabin. Once on open ground I felt sura the animal would abandon the pursuit. But the timber seemed to grow thicke*". To add to my fears night was coming on, and there were portentious signp of a coming storm. Low muttering thunder, was heard far away, and I could hear the wind that preceeded the tempest gathering its forces far back in the forest. Darkness fell until I could scarcely distinguish the tortuous trail. Still my foe followed relentlessly- Soon the amorphous blackness swallowed up everything. By feeling my wav cautiously I could follow the trail Presently I reached the brink of a steep ravine. Below me I heard the hiss and roar of a stream. Broad streaks of lightning flashed acroBS the 1 heavens By waiting for these flashes I made my waydown the ravine. At the bottom flowed a broad, swift stream ac*oss which the trail led. I could not tel how deep it was, but crosB it I must. Taking advant age of a flash I plunged j e in- The water was almost waist deep . and as cold as ice. Through this stream I floundered narrewjy escaping being carried off my feet by the force of the torrent. Finally, I reached the opposite side. I scrambled out, dripping wet and chilled to the marrow: By the next bright gleam I could see the cougar on the opposite side t just at tbe brink} crouching as if for a spring, In sheer desperation I fired at him, and turning rushed up the steep, rugged trail. Black gloom again succeeded- I stoed still, my heart beating madly 5 I expected that the cougar would certainly attack and rend me. Just then this animal gave awild, fearful scream and plunged into the stream. Another flash came. As I turned• to fly, I saw the cougar mid-stream, struggling des perately in the mad torrent and making towards me. Before the gleam faded there came another blinding, fierce glare, followed by an awful peal of thunder. Once more I turned and fl«d up the trail. This time I reached the top, end at the same instant there came another: blood curdling scream from the enraged cougar. I rushed precipitately on. and in a moment: reached an opening in the timber. My pistol being empty was useless, so I flung it away and graspsd ray dirk; I looked arouud and discovered that I stood upon the edge of a smrill clearing. Not a hundred yard* away, I eaw, with H joy that no language can portray, the light of a candle shining through a window of a humble log cabin. Help and safety were at hand. I shouted loudly, and a coarse heavy ' Hullo there!' came back in re sponse. The loud baying of a dog greeted me that sounded sweeter than any music I ever beard. But little remains to be told. The brave dog rushed past me, and making for the cougar, which wan only a lew yards away, quickly treed him. The logger at once comprehended the situation. Telling tae to go to the cabin, he seized his rifle and hurried to the spot where his dog stood oarking and waited for a lightning flash. It came a moment later almost as bright as day It revealed the cougar crouching on a large limb, hot more than forty feet fiom the ground, just ready to hurl himself upon the dog. There was a sharp crack, aud the ball crashed through the cougar's skull. Uttering a piercing cry, the creature fell to the ground, and after a brief straggle icgloriousiy gave up the ghost Just then the leng impending tempest broke forth in all its fury. That night I remained at the logger's cabin, and partook of his rough but wholesome cheer. Early the next morning I reached my destination without further adven ture. The cougar that came so near getting my scalp was a very large old male. By actual measurement it was nearly nine feet from tip to tip. It was the narrowest escape from a horrible fate I ever bad. The experience has taught me one useful lesson; I will never again venture alone througb the lonely woods without having a trusty Winchester in my hand. 