THAT DBEADFUL THING. "Really, you know, I think you look quite well in your new position." Thus gaily and facetiously I addressed a skull upon which I had bestowed much effort. " Tour coloring is vastly im proved by your ether bath. If only your teeth had not been lost. I sup pose if I'd Refrained from putting thein into thai pill box marked, ' Take one morning and evening,' "Williams would have paid them the compliment of being teeth, instead of strangling pills, and packed them with you when he sent you on. " But never you mind, old chappie, I have thought of a way to get some more teeth. I'll ask my dentist to save me ail he pulls-it he doesn't want them-and we'll rig you out in a fine new set, and they won't be false ones. " Wherever you have a vacant lot in your jaws you shall have a nice little too fie. You could even adopt i the reprehensible habit of chewing gum, if you wished, though I'd rather you wouldn't; for-a word in the hole where your ear used to be-you are now too tough a skull, chappie mine, for that sort of thing. You've a velvet cushion to sit on and ' functus officio' painted on your cranium, not to speak of having your lower maxillary articu lated with a wire spring. Suppose we put your jaw out of joint, my child. You have such a fetching expression when it's twisted to one side." 1 Then a terrible thing happened: The skull spoke. It said, " Be good enough to keep your hands off me," and said it slowly and firmly. Then there was a silence of upwards of five minutes. My hair assumed an upright position on my head, so incon venient to the working cap perched there that it yielded to the persuasions of gravity, and sought the floor. My knees evinced a fondness for each other's company, and my eyes felt enlarged. | I hadn't a smile during the day; this was clearly a ghastly realitv. The old chappie continued to stare me in the face without wiuking, and the stillness grew embarrassing. Finally I said, " Cassar's ghost There was no reply. I waited some time, and silence still reigning, I began to think my ears must have deceived me. I determined not to act rashly, however; so feel ins'myself a dreadful doit I said in a'whisper; " I beg your pardon, but is it eusto- ' marv for skulls to speak ?" " When they.are spoken to," came j back promptly. My hair, which bad just begun to ; seek a recumbent position, again j assumed the perpendicular. I stepped behind the table, and regretted that ; my pistol was in a drawer of the desk on which the skull stood. Nothing would liave induced me to get it: the thing might have jumped j at my head or bitten off my nose with its articulated jaws. So I gazed at old chappie with a j feeling anything but affectionate, and ! mentally denominated him " Old ? Devil." But after this internal ebul lition of anger I broke into a cold per spiration. For all I knew he might be able to read my thoughts. If it was the man who used to live in him who was now inakinsr night hideous in this manner, why shouldn't he be able to step inside one's anatomy and read one's thoughts as fast as the thinking machine produced them. Good hea- i vens! 1 braced myself for eternity, but the minutes went by and I still breathed the mundane air. I pulled myself together. Here I was six feet tall and a football player; was I to be brown-beaten by that bony old thing ? Ibad always wished to see a ghost if there were such affairs. There was evidently a strong super natural atmosphere rampant now. Why not make the most of it! So I reopened the conversation by timidly remarking, Well, I never knew skulls to speak before, so why should you ?" " Why shouldn't I ?" was the instant replv. He had such an easy assurance,did that skull, and liis answers were so ready that though I kne*v that this time he wan just conving from "Alice in Wonderland," still I was staggered. But I soon draw myself up and remarked .xrth dignity: " That is merely avoiding the ques tion." "Then pray avoid questioning me." Was lie trying to make a pun ? Tnstantly T lost some of the awe with which he had inspired me. I stepped ont from the table, put one hand on my hip and assumed a slightly domi neering attitude. I said : j " Considering that you come to me ! a greasy old skull, that T soaked you in hot water and soda for an hour, scrubbed you with an old tooth-brush and picked little bones out oF your ears with a hairpin ; considering I bathed you in ether and "benzine and sunned you on the conservatory Toof -for months, with your lower maxillary tied 10 you bva pink tape and your teeth in a cigar box by vonr side; considering the clone intercourse all this entailed, and that during that during that time you never gave a sign of life, you must acknowledge that it is stranee you should suddenly develop the rower of speech." " I acknowledge nothing," replied the sententious little fool. "Oh, I wouldn't,'* I said, "ym might show some sense if you did that." " Young man," said the skull with an insulting drawl (I ground my teeth) " do not imagine that I enjoy talking; to you, for I do not. I have merely protected myself from indignity by so doing. Should you ever again attempt to dislocate my jaw I will work barm to one whom you love." " Who," I gasped. " Tour fiancee." " What do you know about her ?" " She was once my fiancee." " Yours ?" " Why not V' " You lie!" I cried. No answer. "Didn't you lie ?" I asked, backing down. No answer. " I'll go out and throw dust and ashes on my bead if you wish, and will only forgive me. But wasn't it a-er mistake ? What's sometimes called a er-er-lie ?" " No," replied the skull. " I could not tell a lie." " But how old is Marie then ?" my ' heart leaping into my mouth at the thought of my dear little love.. " Methusaleh was an infant in arms compared to her. [ " Great heavens !" I cried, " look at her cheeks; they are like rose leaves and her chin is as smooth as a child's. You lie, you know you do." No answer. Didn't you lie ?" No answer. " Please excuse me, sir. I only meant how can Marie look so young if she is so-if she isn't young?" "The dead who still, live learn secrets. One is about a face paste containing no lead, bismuth, arsenic or any other injurious ingredient and superior to* all other washes. The secret is to make sure of the trade mark when asking for it." " What is the trade mark?" I asked. " I do not know. I never cared for my complexion. I think it neater just ; to wear bones." '* I don't believe you even knew Marie." You lie-I mean couldn't you | be mistaken ?" He gave a blood-curdling chuckle, j " That little broken tooth on the left side of her mouth-I broke it. I ; threw my skull at her after I was dead, because she forgot me. There is a small sear on her lip over the tooth -I made that, too. Garoo! Garoo ! Then my reason left me,, for I had | kissed that scar. I got down 011 my knees and my voice trembled. " Oh, | wonderful being, did-did Marie love you too ?" " Madly,, wildly, passionately, and devotedly." " Did she ever say to you ' I feel that death, that eternity can never chauge our love ; it will always be the same ?" " Her exact words." " A nd yet she has changed. Will she also change toward me ?" "Yes. One hundred years from now your skull will be a bit of bric-a brac in her drawing-room, and you will hear her say tho&e; very words to another man. Then in your anger you will discharge yourself at her bead, as I did, and she will have another little broken tooth and another tiny scar. We will then both belong to the order of * Catapult-skulls.' " " Oh, heavens !" I groaned, " I can not bear it." I put my hand to my head to see if it still felt firm ; then the room grew dark. I heard a ring ing sound, a devilish laugh. I knew no more. When I woke up I was lying on my bed-how came I there ? The sun was streaming into the room, the skull seemed to grin at me, with toothless jaws and hollow eyes. I shuddered and felt so faint that I took a pull of brandy. I had a stern task before me. I got a wooden box and placed it open beneath the edge of the desk. Then I poked the skull off the shelf with an umbrella. He fell into the box with a crash ; it made me think of a catapult's. I did not look to see ' if the beast was broken. I flung the lid 011 and jumped upon it. Then I 1 nailed it down. i It was still early morning. I crept i down to the river and fluDg in the box. For weeks I was miserably ill, though I kept for Matthew Lambert said his client had no wish to conceal his acquaintance with Miss Elynne, for whom he had much esteem. As to his brother, be bore him no ill-will for his accusations. The Angel sweetly nooded aud smiled, and there came a gentle murmer of approval from the ladies, whose hearts he had up. Then I went to the Azores on a sailing vessel and was away two months. After my return my mother said to me one day : " By the way, did you know that your brother has been study ing ventriloquism for three or four months ? He has become very pro ficient at it." I am still trying to earn Marie's forgiveness for two months' silence j and absence, and for being a gullible 1 imbecile. j For my brother I am laying low.- I Detriot Free Press. j 