ECHOES FROM PALL MALL. From Our Correspondent. LONDON, 30ru September. In tho Californian Professor Elliot Cones informs us how spiritual photographs arc taken, hnd iB prepared to " take " any number of ghosts, though not at short notice. The process requires " prepared plates, peculiar rnanago- mcnt of tho liglits and shades, and repeated exposures." Of theso last thoro liavo been a good many, and yet the number of fools who boliiiye in tho photographs of " guardian angels" and "familiar spirits" is as great as ever. As usual at tho end of the autumn holidays, tho publishers are busy with experiences of tho sea. Tho yachting eruise, likt that of tlio widow, never falls at this season, and it is always dolightful, if wo aro to believe the nar rator. Nobody is sea siok, nobudy knacks his bond against the oeiling of liis dog kennel ot a cabin, nobody is bored to death by seeing nnd henring too much of his friends. This may happen to a fow pcouliarly constituted persons, and It may be granted that only those who aro good sailors, and aro not ensily "put out," go voluntarily on yachts nt all; but there Is a great deal too muoh roso dolor in these pictures. Every yacht is not tho Sunbeam, nor does every guost bask in it. It is noteworthy how very similar are these descrip tions of liolidny life on shipboard to thoso of old age. If wo aro to bolievo tho writers upon it, except the scriptural ones, who aro voraoioiis enough (when fears shall bo in the way, and the grasshopper is a burthen, nnd desire shall fail), it is quite a charming experience. Thore is not ono word about tho failing eyo, or the dulled ear, or the rheumatism. The sago, who was probably by no means a sago till he roaohed this interesting epooh, is pictured as surrounded by an admiring throng, who listen to his words of wisdom. This reminds one of a certain admirable illustration and letter press in the comic Latin grammar, "See how the boys follow the philosopher, and so thoy would now if thoy saw one in costume." This is a considerable limitation ; as a rule they aro averse to listen to hia proeopts, and as for his groy hair it might bo red for any effect it pro duces upon them. It is strange that any similarity should exist betweon descriptions of yachting and old age, but the praise of both is laid on with tho trowel, and as rogardB mankind in general is equally untrustworthy. Of all tho people who are slow to seo a joke, the slowest beyond all question are thoso who have lpst money by it. St. Ango, of Vincennes, he't a follow townsman that he would onter the Hon cage in the menngerio then exhibiting in the town if the beast tamor wore allowed to accompany him? On tlio day appointed tho whole population nssemhled to see this intrepid man triumphant or devoured, yet to their credit they immensely appreciated the joke when thoy saw him enter indeed the eago, as agreed upon, but without the liona in it, and olaim tho stakes for that mild performance. He maintains that not ono word wns said when the hot was mado about the lions being in the cage, hut tho other man not only refuses to sinilo but dcolines to pay the money. " As tho bird by wandoring, as tho swallow by flying, so tho ourso causeless shall not come," is a text that line given muoh comfort to inno- cont bnt anathematised persons. Let us hopo that tho book in whioh it appears is read in Nebraska, for those who frequent its law courts have mneh need of it. A lady whoso lover hnd been found guilty of murder " rose in the body of the eonrt and uttered a eurae that awed the whole room." It was like tho curse in Tristram Shandy for Us veliemento and par ticularity, but with a leas limited ap- preioatlon. Nevor, perhaps, was heard, in a lady, suoh an example of swearing at large. She not only oureed tho judge and tbe prosoautlng coun sel, bnt the reporters, which really does seem hard upon thera. What is very ourioua, and shows that thore ia good — or, at all events, moderation — in everybody, sho did not curse tho counsel for tlio defenao, who, when things go wrong, is generally the first to suffer. ' Mons. A. Rothschild, the head of the Paris branch of bis great houso, has been interviewed as acapitalist. Hesays pretty much what other millionaires say, that happiness does not oonsist in wealth, though lie has tho frankness to add that if thore were no advantagos in "great possessions" nobody would give himself trouble to acquire . them. His view indeed is that hap piness lies in work, which to n great extent is no doubt true ; but then the ubo of work, he says, is to get money. What then can bo tho advantage to him? If ho really wants moro monoy his ehnractor is not to bo envied. How atrango it seeme that he says not a word about the happiness that is derived from doing good, nor is this becauso ho knows nothing about it, for it iB understood that lie is a oharitnble mnn. His mistake iB a very ooramon ono. The vast majority of mankind havo to work because they want money, but tills, is not tho oaso with men already rioh, and, moreover, by competing with poor men thoy absolutely injure them. Is thero not work to he done, and plenty of it, in connection with benevolence ? And aro tho ways of doing good on a lurgo scale 80 well understood that it is not worth while to study them ? It is not too much to say that a millionaire of average Intelligence who gives his attention to this matter would do twico as muoh good as anotlior who merely obeys a generous impulso with out "giving himself tlio trouble," to use Mr. Rotheohild's significant expression, to in form himself upon this point. The heirs of our great landed proprietors often enter tho ordinary professions becauso thoir fathers very proporly object to their being idle ; they are thus supposod, for they seldom do it, to be "work ing;" hut if they stiooeed they only take the bread out of other peopio's mouths. How muoh bolter it would bo if they worked at the groat problems of labor, at the law as it affects the poor, at sanitation, and, in a word, how to mako those dependent on them as prosperous and eomfortable as the conditions of life admit. On these important matters they know, as a general rulo, only what their estate agents toll them. Tbe aspiration of " seeing ourselves as others see us" can now be gratified, at ail events by the fair sex, for the sum of 1 guinoa. A company has been formed whioh exeeutes papier maehe models of thoir clients for that reasonable sum. A lady has only to send a " tight, well fitting bodice, and in a fortnight the bodice is returned, uninjured, and the model with it." Somo ladies havo several of these counterfeit presentments on hand. One royal personage, wo ore assured, has four of them, ono at the tailor's, ono nt her dressmaker's, ono for her town house, and ono for her oountry house. This is ono more than the copies of a raro volumo required by overy bibliomaniac. It is a delicate subjcot, but I think Paterfamiliaa should bo informed of tho prcsonco of these eidolons in his establishment, or coming on them on a sudden and in the twi- light thoy might seriously olann him. To find tho daughter upstairs whom he had just left downstairs would certainly give him a turn. How tho company can ovolve the whole figure from a bodice, as Profossor Owen completed a Megatherium, or somcsuohothcr little thing, from a bono, is a secret known only to themselves. AVith ladies, of courso, thero is never. anything amiss; but in tho ease of a gentleman, ho might possess ever so fine a bust, and yut have bnndy legs, or even wooden ones. In that case his " model" would havo its moro ordinory sonse, and be something to yoarn nfter, rather than bo a oopy of his aotual form. The advan tages of this plan are, however, obvious ; there will be no necessity for any " trying on." As a lady correspondent putB it, " no scratohcs from pins, no neok snipping with cold scissors (hoavens !), no weariness of keeping the shoulders straight, to say nothing of tho small talk that has to bo exoh&nged; with tho fitter." If romance is extinct, as somo Btory tellers (who oannot write it) aver, this is certainly not tlio oaso with molodrame. An incident hns just taken plane in Philadelphia which, if repre sented on tho stage, would have beon hailed with delight by our- old Adelphie audiences. Tho assessor of the oity being in want of a cer tain document, entered the safe vault of the Oity Hall to look for It, nnd waB looked in by aocident, and loft there ' by the olerks. His absence was not discovered for many hours, and ho suffered terribly from want of air, the smell of the doouments not being Avholoaome, oven for a lawyer. Moreover, when his plaoe of duraneo was discovered be eould not be got out, since tbe only person "possessing tho combina tion " by which the door could be opened lived somo miles away. If this is not a "dramatio situation, " there nover Was ono. It is just one of those incidents whioh, if dovorihed Jiy a novelist, would bo considered as ludicrously inoredible. Tho rescue was offceted only just in timo, and if the possossor of tho " combination " had hot boeu nt home, the assessor would have been a dead man. If this circumstance had happened in New York ho would oertainly have boon so, for the oity vaults arc thoro seaurad,not only by a combination, hut by a alockwork arrangement that only permits thom to be opened at a cer tain hour. Tlio Purgatory of Suicides lias been written, but wo havo had no account of their literature, whioh ot late years has undergone a noteworthy change. AYo havo lately been told, and with groat truth, that tho spoiling and even tho style of the common or garden kind of nowspapor correspondent has altered immensely for the better in recent but tho improvement has not kopt pace with that of tho letters written, as one may almost say, from tlio dend. It would bo thought that tho last epistles of com paratively uneducated persons, compesed on tlio very brink of tho grave, would be anything but models of composition. Indeed, if we read tiioso of a quarter of a oentury ago, thoy aro generally so confused and irrelevant as to authorise tho usual verdict of temporary insanity. It is not so at all in these days. Intending suicidos,' in nine cases out of tea, wore probably as sano as they are now. Tho verdict, as is well known, is a flotion to ovado tho operation of a senseless law ; but tho letters of thoso unhappy persons only too often now establish their Banity. A very remarkable one was read at an inqnest the other day on a young woman who had jumped down a preoipioe, 300 feet high, into the sea. Of her wrongs, if sho hnd any, we know nothing, but tho statement of her own position, ns sho beheld it, would have done oredit to the most practised pen in England. Sho writes to tho brother of her "young man": — ; Your letter destroyed the last hope I had, as no doubt it was intended to do. You ore very kind when you offer to help me, so kind indeed that you mako mo wonder if you persuaded your brother to give mo up. If so, you havo boen the means of wrecking my life." Notwithstanding this outburst of bitterness, she has the good feoling to add afterwards, "If I wrong you by my suspicious I am sorry." AVhat is very romark- ablo aud patliotic in tbe letter is that, being face to faoc with death, sho tells what sho con- eiders to bo the truth, though it may lay her open to the oharge of self estoern. " I am a good and intelligent woman, quite as well born as yourselves, and your brother would havo been a better and happier man had he remained my lover. Tho worst part of his cruelty was that lie thoroughly knew my worth. ... I am alone in tho world, without a single creature to care for me. Your brother gave mo a now interest in life. I should , have cxiHtcd solely for him. I do not want you to imagine that I took my life in a frantic momont. I havo beon considering for several days whether I eould bear to live ou, but find I havo not strength. I am going to Dover to walk ovor tho I cliff. My death may perhaps bo considered neoidentnl, and so much tho bottor." It evi dently never entered into her mind that anyono — and least of all tho person to whom this letter was nddroBsed — oould think hor insane. As a lovo letter (of a certain sort) it will bear com parison with any ever penned. For self-restraint in expression — considering the oiicumstnuooa under which it was written— it has no par allel. Somo years ago a humorous work called The Old Ruby had soine little voguo. The subject of it was a real hahy who had been cut out, or in tho language of the nursery, hnd had his " noso put out of joint " by a now arrival. It now appears, however, to judge by a lata advertise ment in the Standard, that babies are not always infants, oven as defined by the law. "A thorough reliable nurse wanted at once for a young baby, aged 25 to 30." This would no doubt be a nice place, but a little dangerous. 1 was in great doubt what to do with myself for my holiday, when a kind friend sends mb a copy of tho Church I'imes, with an advertise ment thoughtfully marked iu red ink. Suoh au opportunity of oombinlng pedestrian exercise, eoonoiny and great enjoyment, with, above all, the chance of making oneself useful, is indeed almost unparalleled. " Will a gentleman (good walker) give servioea in return for hospitality, as Companion to au eccentric gentleman who requires constant supervision. " I hope I shall give satisfaction. It is evident that the patient ie not very eccentric, or the advertiser, in com mon fairness, would surely say "good runner," Instead of "good walker." 