LETTERS TO THE EDITOR. THE TASMANIAN INTERNATIONAL EXHIBITION. SIR-As one of the promoters of the above I beg most heartily to thank you for the warm support you have hitherto given to the proposed scheme. On my arrival in Hobart yesterday I was specially gratified to read in your paper an account of the deputation which waited on the Government, and to see how very kindly it was received by the Ministers present. It seems to me that so far everything tends to point to a great success. Your leading article ¡nyestcrday'sMercury I most cor rally and heartily endorse. What we want is an Exhibition the minor details nEt site and scopoweean «filysott'o. The prospectus as it was submitted at the last meeting deals with the main object and the means to carry it into effect. We are now assured by the Hon. the Colonial Treasurer that we have the sympathies of the Government, and that we can rely on its countenance. We also may, I venture to say, reckon that if asked for it Parliament will vote a turn of money in aid of this undertaking, at least equivalent to that granted for the Launceston show. Let us, therefore, heartily set to work and make the Exhibit t OH a great success. We have all the elements within our reach. in bringing the matter before the large and influential meeting held at the Town Hall last week, I purposely drew the attention of all present to the New Zealand Exhibition held at Dunedin in 1890, because all the circumstances surrounding it are identical with what we have before UB. At Dunedin the Harbour Board sent us 12 acres of land, upon which we erected buildings in every way suitable for exhibition purposes, and though we put up a handsome main hall with its dome, its turrets, offices, etc., within 30 days after the close of the Exhibition the land was handed back to the Harbour Board Trust, and not a vestige of the Exhibition could be seen. Should it be necessary to do likewise here, I fail to see any difficulty in the way. If in provincial Dunedin no could attract C5S.O0O people, surely, with the facilities of access you have in the capital city of Tasmania, we may expect similar number. I have carefully visited all the spots suggested to us, and am open to conviction, but I still have a strong penchant for the Domain, and if the supporters of the Exhibition will listen to one who has only one object in view, i e., the success of the undertaking, they one and all, will vote for that locality which combines all and every requisite Yours, etc., JULES JOUBERT. May 15. Sir-At 11 o'clock this morning members of the sub-committee, with M. Jon boat and the Engineer in. Chief are to inspect the sites suggested for the International Exhi- father, in the Domain and in the Barrack square. I should like to ask them through your columns to note that whilst one approach to the Domain is through the classic regions of Wapping, past the soap works, gas works, and over the disgusting mouth of the rivulet, there is nothing to compare with these sights and stinks, no matter which way the Barrack-square is approached. When in the Domain the three nuisances 11 have mentioned are but a few yards from the proposed site, and in addition there are the slaughter yards, the foul-smelling sanitary depot and the railway workshops with all their dirt and clamour, to say nothing of the clouds of smoke that are borne by the sea breeze from every smoke stack along the wharves. Then the dangers Pt crossing the railway lines at the foot of Macquarie street must not be overlooked, nor the cost of erecting a bridge over it should that be undertaken to minimise accidents. At the Barracks there is nothing of this character to object to, and the place is far more central for the greater area of Hobart and suburbs, All north and east of Elizabeth-street and New Town residents might find the Domain nearer, but if they come over the Elizabeth street tram they will be as near the Barracks' site when they reach Macquarie-street] as they will be to the Domain. A tram line from Macquarie streetupBarrack-street will not have to be as long as one from the tram terminus to the Exhibition site, and another branch from Montpelier-road along Hampden-road will land all Sandy Bay folk right in front of the Exhibition doors, and if connected with Barrack-street will make a valuable loop for traffic People arriving by train, will only have to get out of the railway carriage to the tramcar and be whisked straight away to the Exhibition in Barrack square. To view of the harbour, the mountain, and Sandy Bay is quite as good, if not better, from the Barracks than from the Domain, and one has but to think of Wapping and the unsavoury odours which exist there to Bottle at a moment's notice which place commands the best view of Hobart. Yours, etc., CITYITE. SIR, Although I consider it somewhat premature to discuss the question of the Exhibition site before the sinews of war are provided, I venture to suggest that the vacant land in front of the High School offers considerable Advantages over other sites suggested, and by taking in a portion of the Domain, if necessary, would secure a central position close to the railway station, and convenient for country visitors and exhibitors. If arrangements could be made with the High School authorities either to lease or sell the site for the purpose it would suit admirably. Perhaps the whole block could be secured, and the present building utilised; it so, so much the better, as there would then be no occasion to trespass on the Domain, excepting for ornamental park purposes. By consent of the manager of the railways a short line of rails could be laid across Liverpool-street extension, and trucks run into the grounds for convenience direct from the railway yards, thus saving handling and cartage. -Yours, etc., OBSERVER. Sir-Many suggestions have been made as to the best site for the proposed Exhibition. It wants to be central, and, above all, convenient to the wharves and railway station. Sir, it is a grave subject, Why not squat it down in St. David's Cemetery. I fancy I hear cries of " desecration I" " profaning the sacred ashes of our dead," etc., but as those sacred ashes are considered by the church authorities only fit for manuring a weed bed, or as a means of raising a few shillings by letting them as a run for skinny sheep arriving by our steamers, the plea of profanation won't hold water. The site is commodious, convenient, tolerably level at present it is a disgrace to all connected with it. Perhaps the Exhibition people might use it profitably, and afterwards leave it a place of pleasurable resort for the citizens. -Yours, etc., THE GHOST. 