'HOW SHALL WE DECIDE THIS QUESTION r li'oir, trJiirh is Ihe worse— to have uo appetite 'appetite? There are lots of people on the one side or the other of this question. When 'good digestion waits on appetite and health on both,' diat is the ideal attitude of a person towards his meals. Bot most of us are not blessed in that way ; we either have too much food widiout an appetite, or a vigorous appe tite without enough to satisfy it. Different folk will answer diis questiou differently, yet the common sens-; of it is that, within reason able limits, it is better to have an appetite widiout a dinner, because, short of the stsir wlieruas a man who ought to eat and doesn't feel like eating, stands in need of 'altera- tions and repairs.' To illustrate. We recendy received a com munication in which the writer eayn, 'I was afraid to cat.' Did he fancy his food was poisoned, or did his nature rebel against the nourishment lived on? If the latter, why? Let him clear the mystery himself. He says, ' In the year ISS9 I changed my work from railway porter to signalman. I had been signalman twelve months, and theu ail at oncet so to speak, I did not feel myself. My mouth tasted bad, so that ordinary articles of diet seemed to lose Oteir fiavoar; the palate, to put it in that way, appeared to liave nothing to say to diem. One tiring was like another, and none was goad. My tongue was coaled and furred, with a dark line doivu the middle and yellow fur around it. My 1-reath was offensive and my appetite poor, with paius through the chest and shoulders, which were always right before I bad eaten anything. Then I was greatly troubled with wind. It would gather so it fdt like a ball iu my throat, and act as if it We cannot wonder tliat under these circum stances our friend failed to do justice to his meala. He adds that rhere was what he calls ' a pricking sensation ' at his heart, as strumeut. Then, again, at times he was attickod with tpastnn, the agony of which was so severe that die sweat rolled off him. 'I dreaded' he tays, 'die thought of eat ing, and many a s^nn/y mwl hare I made, far I tea* afraid to eat. ' ' After a time I got into a low, weak, nervous condition, and felt miserable, as if something was going to happen, and this caused me to lose a good deal of sleep.' Wiiat he means by the fear of '* somediing going to happen*1 is, of course, the fear of some calamity, such as the loss of his posi tion, his own death, or die death of some body dear to him. This was dne, as he intimates, to die impoverished state of his blood (the life bearer), his nnstrung nerves, and to the brain enfeebled by lack of nourish ment. The nicht of this farm of illness is always full of ghosts and goblins, thecreatnres of a restless aud ungoverned imagination. ?' With great difficulty,' he says, ' I stack to my work, for I had a wife and family de rnding on me. So I straggled on, but what suffered for over two years ie past my powers of description. / am stre no one has xujT'-rvd so much ax 1 tuire dont.' la the latrer ttatezneut he is undoubtedly always harder to bear than is one's notion of his neighbour's pain. There ie a countless multitude who arc all die while going diroagh the sa-ue wretched experience, only we don't happen to come in touch tilth them. Well, the writer finally mentions diat after ail medical treatment had left him where it found him he chanced to read in a book of a case exact y i-ix tus omi having been cured by Mother SeigeTs Syrup. ' My wife,' he says, ' got ni« a bottle at Mr. Laugstaffs, in Woodlesford, and after using its contents the ailment left me and has iiever returned since that fonuoate day. I should like tfce whole world to know what it did for tne. I have been employed by die Midland Railway Com pany for eleven years. (Signed) ' Geoege Hcnt, 'Car Bottom Road. '? Apperley Bridge, near Leeds.' We publish this by Mr. Hunt's desire, in order that jiart of tuc u'ond at least may know how thankful be i* and for what It has been brought under the notice of the Premier, sava the Melbourne Ary*#, that die Xcu South Wales and Queensland tioveru ihe Societe Franchise des Telegraphes .Vmis marins to subsidise the laying of a cable frow Queensland to New Caledonia- Throughout die correspondence uliicli bas passeil between Mr. Audley Couk-, the reprcbcutaiive of the company, and the (lovornmeuts mentioneiL sires* is laid on the proposal that this is to be ' the lirst instalmeiit of the proposed cable across the Pacific'' to either San Francisco or Vancouver, aud that the guauautee which ments and the company is to be rearranged when the Pj.citic tutble is laid, towards which nil tlie colonies will be expected tocontribute. In the letters such sentences as these occur : — ** Provided that an equitable guarantee ia siibscrilied by the Australian colonies when the main PJcitic cable is bud,'1 and also. '* ami shall form part of any Joint guarauteu ivliicli may be given by &av; other colonies iu consideration of the luaiu HVcific oablo.' The (KH.-uliarily ubout tho matter is Uiat although appaiuiitly this ouluny will hereafter be askctl connoction with the Pacific cable, the Premier ^Cew South Wales iiovernment ou the aubieot tif the route of t)tu.t cable. It is considered ver-' questionable- if it i» desirable that liie cable should go through New Cnledoni*, a& ih.it is Fi-ench tcrritonf. 