DEVONPORT. To-day a preliminary meeting was held at the Giblin Hall with a view of estab lishing a Chamber of Commerce in connec tion with the town. Mr Cowle, the con vener, read the notice, and moved that Mr W.Aikenhead take the chair,which was duly seconded and carried. Mr Aikenhead stated that the idea of forming a Chamber of Commerce had emanated from the Town Board. A committee had been appointed to gather information on the subject, hence the present meeting. Devonport being the third port in the island, and the imports, exports, and Customs duties being in excess of all the six other ports of the North.West Coast, it was in keeping with the progress of the place that such a chamber be started to watch the commercial interests of the town and to suggest to the Executive measures for the public good. Such societies were doing capital work throughout the colonies, and he trusted that we should not be be hind the rest. It was then resolvol-'"Thatit is desirable to form a Chamber of Commerce for the town of Dovonpoit and its sur roundings ; and that the following gentle men form the first members :-Messrs W. Aikenhead,D.Cocker, T.P.Cowle, S.S.Field, A. Gatenby, Captain Holyman, John Henry, M..A., Win. Lovett, hon. J. H. M'Call, Jas. Murray, R. C. Oldham, H. A. Pratt, R. D. Stewart, B. G. Thompson, Smith." The chairman then read extracts from rules of the Launceston and Hobart Cham bers of Commerce, and a set of rules were fosmulated and approved. The meeting adjourned till Monday afternoon next at three o'clock. This morning the s.s. Corinna and Flin. ders arrived. The former will load pro duce for Sydney, and the latter leaves on Monday next for Melbourne. Just now, owing to competition, freights are very low, five shillings for potatoes to Sydney. This state of things is unhealthy, for it must result in a heavy loss to shipping companies. April 28. The " Oxford Ghost," which had caused some sensation, has been found out, and was nothing more alarming than a frolic some undergraduate, who manipulated from a distant window a string, to the end of which a walking-stick had been at tached. 