AS A BROTHER:! A STORY OF TWO GENERATIONS. By J. H. MATTHEWS, Author of 'Embalmed in Tears,' &a;, &c.; [Published toy special arrangements with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter IV. . ,. , Hie earlh is aB covered to-day with manue ©i iwumk It sparkles and shines in the war, in crystals -rf glittering enow. Josi&h; Perkins was quite correot in his con jectures as to the motive that prompted his masters visUi to Brankaton. The fit was not yet over ; and having learned -where Danford Lawton had tnrned cp from he had deter mined to obtain all the facts concerning him that he possibly could. On leaving his office, therefore, he proceeded direct to the Swan for the purpose of engaging a vehicle with which to drive over to prosecute hie enquiries. Happening to look into the commercial room on his way through to the stables he was bailed heartily by a number of gentlemen assembled there and was boisterously invited to join in their hospitality. He was beginning to make some excuse for hnrryinp away as his business was pressing, but was detained by a young surveyor, Mr. Corkwood, stepping for ward and assuring him that it was absolutely necessary for him to join the company ; and, as the facts turned out, he was very pleased to do bo in the end as it afforded him an oppor tunity of M^Ti«c two birds with one stone. 'We are going to drive orer to Brankston,' said Mr. Corkwood, 'to see whether some thing cannot be done in the way of securing a better supply of water here^ and we were just about to sent down to your office to see whether you could join us, as your legal knowledge will ' Brankston,' answered the lawyer, ' why, I was just coming in to get a trap to drive over there and make some enquiries with regard to some business I have in hand just now ; cer tainly HI join you with pleasure, and do what I can in the matter yon nave in hand and my own little business at the same time.' This, then, accounted for the remark of his clerk when he saw him being accompanied by the ' town gossips,' as he not very inappro priately termed them. It was an old covered 'bus that the party entered, and it just carried them with one on the box beside the driver. As the ?weather had softened and the distance to Brankston was considerable double horses were put in, and away they went in high good spirits both figuratively and literally. Tommy Corkwood, as he was familiarly known among his friends, was just the sort of young fellow to keep them all alive on the road. He was the wit of the little Yorkshire town; naturally of a lively disposition and tempera ment he was ever ready to enter into a joke, relates good story, sing a good song, and, in fact, appeared to lay himself out for the full enjoyment of life as long as it lasted. ' Xiife ?was too short to be always moping about,' he^ was wont to say. 'and he found that he got through better with both business and pleasure by bang jolly over it' Justthefellowforaparty of this kind — comfortable, well-to-do trades men—and they all seemed intent upon combin ing pleasure with the business they bad in hand. And no class of men, when they have made up their mind to it, know better how to thoroughly enjoy themselves in a hearty, old fashioned manner than those belonging to the county of broad acres and pleasant voices. Away they sped over the whitened country side with many a merry laugh and hearty joke. Now Corkwood would be exercising his ventri loquial powers and making the lawyer spring suddenly from his seat and butt with his head the portly- stomach of his friend opposite, tinder the terrified impression that a snappy linta poodle was really under the seat and anxious to dine off his calves. Away would go the laughter again to the discomfiture of the lawyer and the butted one, who, however, would be at once restored to good humor by Tommy commencing to play a popular tune upon a peculiar wind instrument, constructed on very simple and natural principles, namely, the pressing of his hands together and manipulating them in such a manner as only Tommy Corkwood could. Away past many a whitewashed farm and tiny hamlet, through the toll-gate, where Tommy wanted jokingly to have the gafceman to charge the toll to the Staindale vestry, by many a stretch of thickly - wooded land, where the gaunt and gnarled branches laden with snow looked like some crystal fairy ? land as viewed from the higher turnpike road, and past the neat little vicarage and a few detached villas, looking cold and deserted but for the blue smoke curling away rrom their chimneys; and into Brankston the old 'bus rolls with its merry occupants. Tommy lets down the windows and begins no tootle a very good imitation of the horn, and in another minute or two they pull up at the door of the ?King's Head. Out they get, some of them fedingleramped and numb after' their lengthy drive ; but not so the irrepressible Tommy, who keeps tip the fun by at on3e commencing to pelt with snowballs the defenceless gentle man who has been good enough to ride with the driver on the box. This little joke threaten ing to terminate somewhat seriously, the examplebeing ' catching' among thenumeroas small boys who have gathered round, the box gentleman slides down from his coign of disad vantage and seuttleB into the inn after Tommy, just in time to catch him in the act of snatching a hasty embrace* from the good-tempered look ing waiter girl before the rest of the company come in. ' Ha, ha ; tha's allays first, Tommy, thouts he, every feature of his jolly face lighted up in a broad grin as he stands in the doorway. ' I wer goin' to spank tha out an' gie tha a scrubbing, but Til wairant Fll be more successful in this job, even if it be secondhand, after thee,' and he blocked v.j-, the doorway with his bulky form and stood vi th his arms invitingly extended to receive the blushing damsel as she attempted to make her exit. In a moment Tommy whispers two little words, ' scrub him,' and pushes into her hand an icy ball of snow he was forced to bring in with him in his hasty retreat. The girls Eees the point instantly and seeing the rest of the party making their way along the passage, evidently intent upon taking advan tage of 'the privilege of the season,' she makes for the doorway. Twas but a moment that her exit was impeded ; the next there was .such a spluttering and scraping, such a laugh ing and gasping for breath as surely never was .sttn before nor since, as the corpulent old fellow bent forward with his neck stretched out as far as it would reach, poked away at his ears and round bis collar to get rid of the melt ing snow, whilst the girl made her escape to the kitchen laughingly. It was no use trying to get the best of Tommy. Everyone admitted that and asked him to give them a rest or the consequences might be serious. ' Wilt tha gie ower, Tommy, before tha kills us all ; and let's get to business.' ' Not much chance of business if I Mil you all,' answered Tommy laughingly, 'but if it's business you want to get to, what are you all going to have — at the expense of the vestry, of course.' More laughter ; but they ordered their particular tipple in, drank it, and having learned that everything was in preparation for the comfort of the inner man in the -way of a good dinner against their return, away they went to transact their business. Tommy rather astonished a few of them with his sound prac tical views now that they did get to business, and before he had condensed the whole scheme into a nutshell with some little assistance from the lawyer they had one and all drifted into the more deferential ' Mr. Corkwood' in ad dressing him. Business finished, Tommy was himself again, however. On their way back to the inn the lawyer took advantage of the hour that would intervene before the tune fixed for dinner arrived to leave the company, and proceeded alone to prosecute enquiries into the matter that had more particularly brought him to Brankston. He found his self-imposed task a somewhat easier one than he had ex pected. The curate in charge of the little place was Able and willing to give him almost all the information he desired, and after one more call — at a neat little cottage in the village — he returned and joined his friends in good time for dinner, which by this time they were all ready and longing for. What a preparation had been made for the appeasement of the sharpened appetites of the guests. How the whole house reeked again with the savory smell of roast goose, pork, sage and onions, apple sauce, plum-pudding, Kiiaoe pies, brandy sauce, and a dozen or more other appetasB^oomestibles that go to makeup a good eubstaafEal Christmas-time dinner in the country— or anywhere else for the matter of that. How it whetted their desires to get a etart made, and how their capacity for de vouring unlimited qvi&ntities; of it seemed to increase by anticipation. 'Nature abhors a vacuum,3' andtnuytheywoulclnothaveoffended the good dame's dictates long if they had had their own way in j-he matter. And when the maid came in with her smiling bright face flushed with the exertions of her frequent passages between the kitchen and the dining room, and announced 'Dimmer is ready, gentlemen,' what a willingness *Jiere was on their part to be ready also. It was dickering in by this time, and as the dining-room 2iad been lighted up what a brilliance of festivity burst upon their delighted vision. The '.box' gentleman and Tommy were unanimously voted chairman and vice-chairman respec tively ; the covers were remow/l, and the 5.t mospbere if possible becamu more redolent' ] than ever of the good things they had concealed i from view. Bow tantalising it was to see the vice-chair pretend, with a merry twinkle in ' hie eye, that the carving knife required a good deal of sharpening before he could operate wpon the goose; with what care and precision -did he t*£t the blade with his thumb. But when he did make a start at last with what ekiil and tk-sttrity did he dismember that f ??» m- : t.iA -.vbtn h-: had got them all -served how he kept the table lively and assisted the digestion tsf-tbem aU by his ready flow of wH» Well, good things like bad all have as ending, and indae course the celery and cheese brought a fitting conclusion to as glorious a dinner as ever was placed before hungry man. Then the ! table was cleared, dessert, wines, and spirits j ordered in; the lights retrimmed, and with ' what unctuous satisfaction and bodily content- j ment died they hail the introduction of pipes : and tobacco. Thejfires were replenished and crackled away bright and sparkling, and by the time they had all got themselves enveloped in a drowsy state of comfortableness, what cared they for the dreary, cheerless road they had to traverse homeward within an hour or so at the latest ! They had drifted from business to polities and religion, from politics and religion to scandal, from scandal to highway robberies and murders by easy stages, and had just entered upon the haunted house and ghost series when they were suddenly roused from their com fortable, lethargy by the unexpected entrance of no other a personage than the Rev. Herbert Gasse who appeared in their midst looking de plorably miserable and concerned, covered with snow from top to toe as though he had been wading and rolling about in drifts for some time previously. And so, in fact, it turned out he had been. 'So awfully awk ward, you know,' he began as he shook and dusted the snow from himself in the -doorway. 'I had driven over in my trap to Colonel Willoughby's to dine ; the snow came away again whilst we were at dinner, and, whilst returning somewhat earlier than I had in tended, the wind had blown such a drift across the road at Hartwell Dene that the trap be came embedded and do what I could it would neither go forward nor back out. I was com to take out the horse and lead him on here as best I could, and a rough time I've had of it, I do assure you, gentlemen.' And he looked it to all intents and purposes, poor eoddled-up man. ' There would not be much of the dreaded * workhouse swell' abroad a night like this, most reverend spiritual pastor, was there?' ' I heard at the bar that you gentlemen were here — I might have known it, had it not escaped my memory— and so decided to throw myself upon you for a lift home if possible. There are not many dips in the road between here and Staindale fortunately, but the people here will arrange some trapping in order that my horse may ran as a trace. But, bless me, [what a number there are of you. I fear you will not have room for me; what are you driving 1' The* position of affairs was explained, but the vicar must be made room for by some means or other. His description of the state of the weather outside had wakened them all up thoroughly and a move was at once made to get on the road. Tommy Corkwood in sisted upon taking the box seat on the homeward journey, as he was the youngest of the party, but what -was to be done to make room for one more inside? In the midst of the dilemma the little lawyer came to the rescue. He had seen several members of the party purchasing cigars, pre sumably to'smoke on the homeward journey. He felt half dazed with the fumes of tobacco smoke already, not being a smoker himself, and if he had to ride home in a closed con veyance among confined smoke he knew very well in his own mind it would make him ilL He therefore heroically volunteered to subject himself to a most remarkable exemplification of the exemplary virtue of self- abnegation : at least so it appeared to them and they gave him credit for it. What the little man proposed to do was to wrap nimmlf well up and lie along the roof of the 'bus, where he would be pre vented from rolling off bv the guards that ran all round, and hadacted in the same capacity towards the luggage in days gone by. The idea was hailed with derision and a volley of 'noes' and 'that would never does, 'but when it was seen that the lawyer was comparatively sober and that he really meant it, and was resolute for once in his little nervous life, he was allowed to carry his idea into effect. Forth with, therefore, he proceeded', to the stable yard and arranged for a quantity of straw to be placed upon the roof, and having enveloped himself in a rug or two [proceeded to his perch and made himself as comfortable as possible in the manner indicated to the no small as tonishment of the assembled stable hands, who were divided in their opinion as to whether he was '»on a bit' or ' a bit chumpy.' The 'bus was then drawn out of the shed into the wintry, night, and before the horses could be harnessed and the company ensconced inside and Tommy and the driver mount the box, there was noth ing but a white bundle, which might have been taken for potatoes or anything else, to mark the Bpot where Mr. Jabez Chad, solicitor, of Stain little did they think that after all the hearty leave-takings on their part and the earnest good wishes on the part of the inn people that they would so soon return. The 'bos had been lying out of use for some considerable time, and Stephen to commence with had expressed himself as very dubious as to its fitness to con tend with the heavy roads, but as it was the only vehicle in the yard that would hold the party his doubts had been overruled by the strong will of his better half and it had to 'take its chance,9' or rather its occupants had, for she thought a vast deal more of her property than of them as far as that went. Its condition then was none of the best, and at the first heavy drift they came to, a quarter of a mile or so on their journey, the sudden check proved too much for it and away went the horses at top speed with the front wheels after them, letting down the 'bus and its occu pants with a jerk as sudden as it was unex pected. At the first indication of something being about to happen the snow-covered bundle on the 'bus top had grasped with both bands the coat collar of his friend Tommy Corkwood, to which he clung with the tenacity with which man is said to cling to the pro verbial straw. As Tommy was impelled suddenly forward by the letting down of the fore part of the 'bus, and as he was a heavier substance than the little lawyer, the pair described a faithful illustration of Halley's comet as they shot with the velocity of a sky rocket into the great snowdrift, whither they bad been preceded by the driver. By the time they succeeded in extricating themselves and each other from their awkward predicament in an almost choked condition they found themselves called upon to render assist ance to their, perhaps, less fortunate com panions inside. They had no snowdrift to render soft their fall, and the noise that pro ceeded from the interior of the 'bus bore with it a ring of conviction that considerable bodily agony and mental alarm was being experienced by its inmates. Nothing more serious than is usual under such circumstances had, however, occasioned all the din and shout ing. The occupants of the hind seat had cer tainly shot forward and ' winded' those occu pying the front ; as is usual too with insides, who are not cognizant of the nature of such accidents, alarm as to what would happen next possessed them, and as it beeame a matter of every man for himself they were all strug gling to be out at once like so many Kilkenny cats, with the inevitable result that so one got more than an arm out before being pulled back impatiently by those behind him. When the door was at length opened from the outside such a mixture of men, hats, spec tacles, broken pipes, cigars, cushions, and wraps rolled out into the snow as surely as was never seen before. Each member of the party at first, of course, considered himself more seriously damaged and ill-used than the rest, but when notes had been compared they were all found to have suffered pretty much in the same degree, with, the exception perhaps of the parson, who bad lost his false teeth, a fact which annoyed him the more as he had always been credited with and complimented upon having such an excel I lent natural set. With the assistance of the lamps, however, everything of value was in time raked out from among the drift, and the benighted travellers began to pick their way back to Brankston as best they could through the fast falling snow. Their return occasioned considerable sur prise at the inn and a council was being held as to available ways and means by which they might escape from their unfortunate dilemma, when the muffled wheels of a conveyance pulled up at the inn door and in another minute the coachman and footman attached to the estab lishment of a neighboring titled family entered and hastily ordered refreshment. ' Oh, I say, this is most awfully fortunate, you know. Which way are you driving, John?' The coachman, thus addressed by name and and recognising the parson, touches his hat re spectfully and answers— ' .Driving to Staindale, sir ; family atStorney Castle dining, and, we're making in for them rather earlier than was intended in case the roads get blocked. Had a mishap, gentlemen f as he noticed their tumbled condition. Having had the whole circumstances ex plained he courteously offers a safe lift home to the parson. ' But what axe these other gentlemen to do ? They'were good enough to try to do me a good turn at considerable inconvenience to them selves. The whole affair is most unfortunate, I do assure you. Cannot you get us all in by some means?'1 The coachman hesitates, scratches his chin, looks at the footman enquiringly, and having received a knowing wink from that artful functionary begins to admit the possibility somewhat dubiously. 'Well, gentlemen, its this way, me and James there would bfi de lighted to do you a good turn, but it's against the rules you know. The paraon in distress might be excused, but ? ' and he hesitated again. 'Oh, now! do toy to manage somehow,' said 1 ommy Corkwood, at the same time wheedling up iNM supping a half crown into the coach man's .*«Jd and another into that of the foot man. i?e was a knowing blade was Corkwood when he Ii2'*d. The coachman relented a little BiOPP. 1 ' Well, gentfcmen, certainly ire have the old family coach -here* J*iBg as there is a big Jot of our people no fetch? *t ?iW«W;aold you all on a pinch, but it's a great risk for me and James i there, ain't it, James ?' j 'In course it ie,' answered James, but I ! would like to do what I could to 'blige the ! genflmen, allays pervided they keep it j dark, you know.' ; They were all sworn over to absolute secrecy j very willingly, and in a few minutes more j were rolling heavily along homeward in the | lumbering old family coach. With the ex- I | ception of some little difficulty in getting past i | the wreck of their former accident they met with but little to retard them on their journey. They did cot come across the runaway horses on the road, bo concluded they had made straight for home ; and in due course, after a most eventful day, the company were deposited safe and sound at the Swan, where, sure enough, the horses having got into the town so long be fore, tidings of the party had been anxiously looked for. So eoon as possible after the narra tion of their adventures the lawyer considered it prudent to make his way_ home as quickly as possible. He was by this time in no very presentable condition by any means. Worn out with fatigue and anxiety, his clothing all wet and awry ; minus his eravat, and in every way dilapidated-looking, he opened the door of his quiet bouse and entered with his little heart beating twenty to the dozen. Onee inside, he had serious thoughts of making right off up stairs to his room and retiring without meeting the scrutiny of his austere sister. But before he had made up his mind, and while he yet hesitated, it was decreed that such was not to be. Rebecca appeared at the door of the sitting room, gazed 'upon the abject-looking little form standing before her in the hall, delibe rately reviewed him from top to toe, as was her usual custom on such occasions, pro nounced the one word ' Jabez' in a deep se pulchral voice, and reclosed the door, at which fatter proceeding Jabez was most heartily well pleased. There is not much in the word 'Jabez' to awe or terrify anyone in an ordinary way, but in the hands, or rather in the throat of Re becca, it carried with [it a terrible and pro tentous import. ' ' Jabez' himself understood its meaning well ; better than if she had spoken volumes ; and slipping off his soaked boots and leaving them in the hall he made off upstairs with all possible alacrity, and having locked his room door felt more at ease. ' Ah, well, I've got the information I went for,' said he exultingly, 'Til just have a look over these papers again before that scrap of candle goes out and then to bed.' 'Why, bless me! how)is this? I'm oertain I had them in this pocket, and they are nob there now. Good gracious ! I cannot have lost them surely.' He dives first into one pocket, then into another, all fruitlessly, however, and has just about reconciled himself to the disagree able fact that he must have lost them in the enow at the time of the accident, when his short allowance of candle, which has been flickering fitfully for some minutes past, flares suddenly up in a last effort to witness the dis comfiture of the little lawyer, then flops down as suddenly and with a fizzling, spluttering sound dies out simultaneously with the hopes of Mr. Jabez Chad of ever finding that packet of papers again. He groped his way into bed in the cold and darkness, and after lying rest lessly awake for some time at last came to the conclusion that most rational men would have come to long before that nothing oould be done till morning, when exhausted nature exacted her rights and wrapped him in the kindly soothing arms of sleep and f orgetfulness. Chaptee V. Man to wickedness is prone ; - Virtue's paths but rarely known. Chad slept so soundly and well that when he awoke next morning with a dim and undefined sense of the fact that something had gone wrong on the previous day it was some little time before his ideas became sufficiently col lected to place the details of the day's transac tions, its events and misfortunes, in intelligible order and to realise his true position with refe rence to them. When he had at last got them fixed in a straight line he arose, dressed, and proceeded thoughtfully downstairs to the breakfast-room, where he found his sister, who was always as punstual as clockworkj already seated at the head of the table awaiting his coming. Without deigning to look at him she ad dressed ;space by asking in a cold, mechanical sort of way, ' Do you want coffee or tea ?' Not very sure as to whether the question was addressed to him or not, Jabez hesitated slightly, when, seeing no third party present, he stammered out, ' Oh, ex — me, if you mean me my, er — dear, coffee if you please.5' ' Isn't any coffee made,' she replied snap pishly. Jabez started at the very suddenness with which she shot the words our. ' Oh, er— cocoa, Eebecca, cocoa, if you please.' 'Kettle's not boiling,' came the freezing reply, and the wonder would have been at any kettle having the heart to boil or even to be come lukewarm in the same house with such a cold and relentless personage as Eebecca. It was a most uncomfortable and critical position for poor Jabez to be placed in. She had never moved in the slightest perceptible degree since he had entered the room. There she sat, bolt upright in her etraight-backed enair, her eyes fixed with a stony gaze upon the china before her, the long bony fingers of her blue-looking bands clasped in a sinewy grip upon her lap. ' Then why ask me what I will have, Rebecca, my dear, why ask me V he ventured to ask. 'Why ask you, Jabez,' she answered, her whole frame springing suddenly into startling activity, *'Wny ask you? because I knowvery well its tea you want; you know you do, Jabez; what else should you want with your head all muddled up and aching, as I'm sure it must be after your day's disgraceful debauchery yesterday. Pretending you want coffee or cocoa; now don't try to. persuade me you were at Brankston qn business ' — as she saw a desire on the part of Jabez to interrupt her— 'I 1 know better?' 'But my — er, dear, I had some business there not only of my own, but in the interests of the townspeople; we were there on the water question, you know.' 'The water question!' she answered witheringly. 'I know the kind of water question it would be with such as Tommy Corkwood and the rest of your fine party. Don't speak to me of water questions, Jabez ; water doesn't put people in the shameful plight yon were in last night. Why, you were simply speechless, Jabez ; but I don't suppose you remember coming home at all. What is this all to end in. I'm sure I don't know.' And she shook her head dolefully, as though nothing short of a miracle would ward off immediate ruin and disgrace. It was useless to argue with her, and Jabez kntw it ; so tea he had to have and did have, whether he liked it or not, and having scrambled through his breakfast as speedily as possible he was glad to make his escape on the plea of business and hurry off to his office. Meanwhile the fates had been favoring the crafty Josiah Perkins in a degree that was extremely gratifying to that busy, conscientious individual The country postman, in passing the wreck on the road soon after leaving BrankBton, had been possessed of a sufficient amount of curiosity to induce him to make a search for hidden treasure among the ruins, and his search had been rewarded by the find ing of, among numerous other trifling little items of identity, the bundle of red-taped legal looking documents, the losing of which had caused the unfortunate little lawyer such deep concern.. On reaching Staindale, therefore, he made his way to the office of Mr. Chad and, climbing upstairs, discovered its only occupant to be the very amiable Josiah. | 'BeMaister Chad in t' he enquired of the { bending figure of Josiah, who, with elbows , Equared and nose almost touching the paper 1 before him, was scratching away over its sur face in a manner that would have conveyed the idea to the mind of the uninitiated that he had made a start to arrange the affairs of the nation with the fixed determination of concluding his task before nightfall. 'Well, I'm jiggered if I didn't think that was him coming upstairs,' answered the in dustrious scribe, as he relaxed his features and his attitude, and crumpling up the sheet of foolscap that he had spoiled by his scribbling slid off his stool and advanced towards the poetman. 'No, he's not come yet ;~is it any thin ^particular f 'Why, nobbut this packet o' papers I picked up among the wreck o' t'ould Swan 'bus, lying in t'road as I come along this mornin',' answered the postman. 'I don't know whether they be valuable or not, but thought Maister Chad, in any case, wouldn't jjrant them to be kicking about -t'road.' 'Swan 'bus!' exclaimed Josiah. 'Oh crickey ! Ton don't mean to tell me the old Swan 'bus broke down last night!' and he craned his interesting features, suffused by un wonted animation, into close juxtaposition with the face of the astonished postman. 'You don't tell me that!' and the bony framework of Mr. Chad's desk became con vulsed with inward merriment at the very thought of so untoward a result of bis masters I indiscretion in not taking him — him, Josiah Perkins, i.his trustworthy and obedient clerk — into his confidence in this matter. The post man looked on is an astonished silence and wonderment, until these inward convulsions culminated in a violent eruption that threatened to shake from its pedestals the citadel of intel lect) that lay beneath the shock head of hair before him, and not until it had exhausted itself in the throes of a few final expiring gasps did he find words to answer— 'I don't know whether it was last night t'ould 'bus broke down [or not, but she were not there yesterday, and there she be this mornin' with the fore wheels and the pole gone ; just this side o' Brankston, aud they took to ha' been a jolly party what was in t when she fctuck, if one may judge by f broken pipes, cigars, and other odds and ends lying about.:9' 'Ho, ho, ho; oh my eye f roared Josiah. 'Weil (bis is such a go as I never did see; you dorr* tell me?' ' I have* told you, Mr. Perkins,' answered the poEtmau. 'smd I means what I says ; and there be the papers if they are any use,' and ae Josiah took thesj the P9Ptman backed towards the door, clearly showing by bis manner that he thought the scrimpy -clerk had gone wrong in his mind or had been drinking while he ought to have been asleep. ' Oh, oh ; these are the papers, are they f said Perkins, glancing at them and pulling himself together. 'Why no, postman; they are not of much importance ; only copies in a very uninteresting matter, but of course Mr. Chad will be greatly obliged to you for return ing them in the way you have done. Oh, very ? much obliged, indeed, I assure you ;' and he leered at the postman in a most unaccountable manner. ' Indeed, I think I may run the risk of incurring his displeasure by giving you in his name a slight token of his appreciation of the remarkably honest and intelligent manner in which you have, restored these paper* to him. They might have been very important, you know ; very important. But whatever you do, don't say a word to him about the affair at all ; he is very sensitive about such matters, particularly where there has been any apparent carelessness on his part. The papers are now quite safe and you have your reward, aud there's an end of the matter, understand ?' The postman haviDg received a reward of half-a-crown from the unhealthy hands of the clerk, thought ' perhaps that would be best,' and departed quite satisfied. No sooner was he out of earshot than Josiah Perkins gave vent to a long guttural sound indicative of extreme satisfaction, and hugged the papers to his breast in an ectasy of pleasure as great as though it had been induced by the presence there of the fairest damsel the imagination could conceive. Then, slipping up to his desk, he placed them within an old cash-box which contained many other such little documentary evidences of the cunning and craftiness of the scrupulous Joeiah, clapped the lid down with a sharp rap, and having locked it, resumed his seat with much deliberation. ' And now, Mr. Jabez Chad,' said he, gently beginning his customary rubbing exeroise in a slow and regular manner, and gradually increasing the force and frequency of its action as he warmed to his subject, ' I think I hold the key to any little business you may have contemplated in the matter of little Danford Lawton, in whom you appear to have taken such a sudden interest. Oh, ho, you do work things into my hands just like beautiful clockwork. So you got blocked up and tumbled about, did you? What a fright you would get. And you lost your precious papers, did you 1 What a state you -mil be in when you find it out. Oh, my, things are going on famously, f a-a a-mouBly, my dear Mr. Chad. But they are quite safe now, my dear sir; quite safe now, I do assure you ; I told the postman so and he quite believed it. Ha, ha, ha, what would your dear sister say if she knew what a little game I am having ? Oh, I say. she w a regular tartar, that sister of yours, you know. Nature got decidedly mixed when she arranged you two, you know. Only to think of the pleasure I should have been deprived of if the sexes of you two had been reversed. What a clipper of a lawyer gentle Rebecca would have made, to be sure.' And so he went on chuck ling and ruminating half audibly to himRnif until the sound of footsteps on the stairs again brought him to a sense of his grave responsibilities with regard to the arrangement of the affairs of the nation, and he commenced a renewed onslaught on the foolscap with in creased vigor. This time it proved to be the lawyer himself, who, after addressing a few general business remarks to his clerk, passed into the inner office wearing a troubled and worried look. He had not been in many minutes before, as Josiah had been anticipating, he rang for him, and having requested him to close the door narrated to him the circumstances under which he had lost the papers he had given him from the safe on the previous day. The demeanour of Josiah throughout the recital of the little lawyer's trouble was a sight to behold, particularly seeing, that he was in full possession of the knowledge of the facts in the main already. His look of concern and interest was quite touching, and his frequent exclamations, 'How very awakward!' 'Dear, dear me, sir, how very dangerous!' ' Well, to be sure, how very unfortunate and disagreeable!' would have led one to believe that his master's interests and personal well being were his sole and only concern. And when his master concluded by briskly assert ing that 'something must be done at once,' with what feeling solicitude did he endeavor to devise ways and means of surmounting the difficulty and placing his master's mind at ease. 'We must advertise at once, sir, in the Staindale and Bedrop Times for their recovery, and offer a reward in case they have fallen into dishonest hands.' He chuckled inwardly and without any outward indication other than concern as he concluded the sentence, for he well knew the tether of his own line of honesty, and he knew also full well that advertising in the local paper, which bis sister Rebecca de voured from the title page to the publisher's address, wonld be the last thing the little lawyer would dream of doing. And it was as he expected, for he had the satisfaction of deferentially smoothing the backs of bis hands, when Chad interrupted him impatiently ex claimed, ''Tut, tut, tut, what an ass yon are, Josiah, to suppose that I want the whole district set a-talkine about my affairs ; absurd, oh, dear me, ridiculous; ridiculous in the extreme, Josiah. No, what we must do will be, first of alL to have a trap and drive over to the scene of the disaster and see whether there be any chance of finding the papers in the snowdrift, and if they are not to be found to try and discover who has passed along the road this morning.' 'Very good, sir, you know best, of course, sir; your will is my pleasure at all times ; shall I go and order a trap at once, sir.' 'Well, we had best lose no time; I want you to go along with me and, in the event of our not finding the papers in the drift, you can prosecute further enquiries, as I have to be back again by noon on particular business. Yea, get awayand order the trap at once.' 'Nothing could have been better,' mut tered Josiah, as be shuffled away along the sloppy street towards the Swan. 'Nothing cou'd have been better; the papers are not there ; Josiah Perkins is deputed to prosecute further enquiries; proceeds to Brankston with funds necessary to that end, and not find ing it necessary to prosecute any enquiries enjoys himself after the same manner as his master did the day before. A very nioe little arrangement, indeed, very.' And he almost Btopped at the inn door to bend down and rub his knees, so deeply was he absorbed in his pleasant reflections. In a very brief space of time Mr. Chad and his clerk were speeding away upon an errand that, as might have been expected, resulted in precisely the same manner as Josiah had predicted. They found no trace of the papers, which was 'scarcely likely, notwithstanding the fact that Chad and his faithful clerk turned over every inch of snow in that drift, the latter being particularly assiduous in the search ; and the lawyer having satisfied himself on that point proceeded back alone to Staindale in the trap, sending [Josiah on to Brankston as had been arranged, with instructions to return before 5 o'clock, the time at which the office closed. - Arrived at Brankston Josiah lost no time in making himself acquainted with the good things provided with a judiciousness, however, fully in keeping with the perfect carrying out of his plans ; the primary one of which at pre sent was to return in time to discover or find out what was the 'particular business' upon which his master had found it so absolutely necessary to return, for Josiah was extremely jealous of anything transpiring in connection with the office of which he was not fully cognisant. ' If he thinks he is going to get rid of me this way in order to arrange any little plan on the quiet,' thought Josiah, 'he makes a big mistake.' So having enjoyed himself very comfortably indeed, to the no small astonishment of all the people connected with the inn, whose uneasiness on the score of settling up was eventually put to rest by Josiah paying up in full and lapping the waiting maid a whole threepenny bit. In good time in the afternoon the 'funny man from Mr. Chad's, of Staindale,1' as they had dubbed him at the Brankston Inn, was speeding homewards alongside a stable boy who was to take back the trap, and who on his return gave a most wonderful account to his fellow-servants of the way the 'funny man 'had polished up his knees all along the road until they entered Staindale, when he became as 'quiet as a pareon.' (lole continued.) 