IN AND ABOUT TSE CITY. (From our own Uoireap indent). Adelaide, May SO. The ram which camo down so abundantly at tho latter part of last week has had a very marked effect on XHK COMMERCIAL BAROMETER, which it must be confessed had worn for a long time a set hard look indicating depression. At the end of the week I heard one of our mer» chants-rather disposed towards pessimism as a rule-say of the rain, "Ah, this will set things going; the orders that have been held back ao long whilst things looked so dubious, will be coming forward thick enough now; and South Australia will be conspicuously the j most prosperous of the Australasian colonies," My fervent rejoinder is-"So mote it be!", . . . . . The work upon which that ex ceedingly clever and intellectual old lady, MiBg Spence, has been at work for thirty years past, ELECTIVE REFORM, is making.perceptible advance under the influ ence of a certain measure of awakening which has been promoted by enquiries into the trend of politics and taxation duriug tho last three or four years. People are beginning to be curious as to the methods in practice of what is known aa Hare's system^ which has been so ardently embraced by Miss Spence and a few of her more earnest friends, and whioh is being ex pounded and enforced under the style of a new baptismal name EFFECTIVE VOTING. The experience gained by an experimental and illustrative election conducted at Port Ade laide recently by that lady and her friends, gave moat satisfactory results; and sho now receives' numerous invitations to feature in Adelaide and the suburbs, and genijilly has large and attentive audiences. The flpreuQ is commending itself to the judgment of these to a very great extent, and there is no question but that it places the voter in a better position, and is calculated to create a better representa tive Parliament than the existing voting methods secure. Besides whioh the minorities would not go practically unrepresented under the " effeotive voting " system as they now do. There may be one drawback, so far as the wealthy candidate is conoerned : it will not be possible to purchase a seat by mere money's weight-a man must have sufficient measure of worthiness to commend himself to such exten sive constituences as are contemplated under the new order of things. ... ( It might be worth while for the constituencies in every electoral district to " take a spell" at the feet of this lady Gamaliel ! Her teaching is very direct and simple, and it may be that her lessons are worth learning. Oh! there, is another drawback-shades of parish vestiioj and ghosts of political coteries forgive me for omitting the mention before; the new system would do away with mere tOCAUSM, or parochial politics, and miserable little parties, in a very large measure; but there would be a distinct gain morally and politically in getting a corjjs of representatives who would be more of politicians than of party; and our legislation would be of a broader and higher character and our national interests safer in the hands of Buoh men- .... There is some keen appreciation among the people who have to do with sales of real estate at an incident which is gossipped about as occurring in the Northern Areas. In a lively and prosperous township possessed of a fair shar9 of business men, there are rival firms of auctioneers and Block and land agents, and they run one an other for sales very closely, Quite recently the one firm had to dispose of « farm of GOO acres by auction, there being a mortgage upon it of £2 5s. per acre, At the sale a smart well-dresBed man ran the property up to £4 10s. per acre, at whioh most excellent price it was knocked down to him. He gave a cheque for something like £400 odd in so assured and engaging a manner that the firm congratulated themselves on having done splendidly for their client, getting considerably above the amount that he expected to have got. The purchaser suddenly found himself short of a few shillings, and drew another cheque, this for £1 only, which the firm cashed for him. All very well BO far, but THE BEST HAS VET TO BE TOLD, The rival auctioneering firm, not to be out done, got the chance of selling two farms in the neighbourhood, and the news having spread about the high price obtained for that 600 acres created a aort of exoitement on the phrt of bidders. There must surely be a movement in the values of real property, and they must not lose the chance! Thus inflaenced, there were buyers for these two farms, the one at 15s. an aore above the reserve, and the other at 17s. 6d. an acre more than the Beller expected. This was allion the strength of that £4 10s. per aore sale. But what a rude awakening! The deposit cheque for the big farm, as well as the paltry cheque for £1, given by the business-like stranger, turned out to be bogus documents, utterly useless because thero was no account! So the sale itself was a bogus affair, too, and a cruel disappointment to the auctioneers and seller. But what the bliss of the buyers of the other two farms when they found out the full extent of their generosity I But there is something of a ludicrous aspect to the case in the ciroumstance that had it not been for the issuer of the bogns cheques obtained that 20s. change the law could not have taken hold of him, it is said, because the mere fact _ of his having bidden at the auction and given a deposit cheque did not create a transaction, he having received no thing so far as that part of the affair was con cerned. You see that, after all, it is the little pebble that trips a man up, when the big boulder gives him no trouble, .... I am told that the preparation of a policy with which to meet Parliament is giving members of THE MINISTRY some night sweatings. There are elements of discord which cannot easily be soothed and commingled into anything like a presentable whole, and it is not to be supposed that the Opposition will be blind to defects in the " blend," or omissions regarding questions of political imporrance. It is true that Premier Playford has brought home his views about tho Northern Territory, and has done Mr. Solomon, M.P., the honor to voice his views as to the treatment of that unhappy dependency; but they involve a very HARD NCT TO CRACK. The proposal as tq labor importation-sup posing it to be endorsed by tho Cabinet (which I take leave to doubt)-will be met with hostile criticism on the part of the Labor Party; and how is that party to be brought to terms when the very foundations of their system-protection to labor and deadly opposition to competition are proposed to be attacked? It may be that the sum that the holiday trip of "Honest Tom" has cost will turn out to be money well Bpent; it is to be hoped so, otherwise thpre will be a great deal of carping criticism, and ipgratjtude for the sacrifices which thiit burly legislator has under taken on behalf qf his country. Indeed, as far as the matter h38 gone, I have not heard of gratitude being even mentioned! But it is Baid that a good many persons ^yould be found willing to undertake a similar trip at the cost of the public exchequer, and not consider themselves as having suffered very much. . . . . . There is a little commotion in the Civil Service in regard to th». proposal to dis continue the employment of Mr. S. G, Htibbe. one of the Government valuators of Pastoral Improvements. This gentleman is a eon of the well-known olij colonist, Dr. Httbbe, a man of great erudition and who did good servicp here at one time. I nnderatand that Mr. HUbbe would probably have escaped without anything more severe in the way of reprimand than the mild utterance contained in the report of the recent IJoyal Commission, but for a series of check measurements which came to light after the report waB prepared. The discrepancies between Mr, Httbbe'a return and that furnished by the official who remeasured certain work was such as to lead to the decision to dispense with that gentleman's services. This result is greatly to be regretted, as I believe he has done a great deal of good work for the Govern ment, and baa been much trusted and highly esteemed. 