THE LOVE THAT LOVES ALWAY," Copyright.) A STORY OP FAITH AND INFATUATION. By E. OWENS BLACKBURNE, AUTHOR .OF A Woman Scorned," "Tlie Way Women Love/ 41 Jessica Ronayne or Kilrossory," "A Martyr to Matrimony," " The Third Time of Asking," " Your Good Name is Mine," &c.;, &c.; " Oh, love for a year, for a week, for a day ; But alas for the love that must love alway."— . Sweethearts. CHAPTER I. IiADY DYLLAN, OF LLANDYLLAN. Those who have ever been tb Llandyllan, that pictuiesque, quaint old town on tlie Cambrian coast, cannot out have been impressed by the out- of-the-world character which seems to be indelibly stamped upon the place and its inhabitants. The nouses are built down almost to tbe margin of the broad bay ; beyond which rise, in all their glory, the noble Welsh mountains. On a clear day, the waterfall of pretty sylvan Aber can be distinctly seen from the Llandyllan side of tbe bay, whilst away up at the head of tlie valley may be faintly traced the crest of the famous Snowdon. Castle-street, _ wliich takes, its name from , some mouldering ruins at one end — even now grand in their decadence — is the principal tho roughfare in Llandyllan. From it the other streets branch oft at right angles. In one of them stands the beautiful old Gothic church, beyond and around which lie a labyrinth of smaller streets of irregularly built houses. Some of these dwellings have old-fashioned orchards attached, ' where the apple trees peep over the low, moss- grown walls ; and then again there are others with innumerable little twinkling, niany-paned windows,- and huge oaken beams, the latter black with age, interspersed amongst tlie stonework, bearing not infrequently a date which recalls tlio troublous days of the Stuarts. Walk round by the court-house, built in- the year of grace 1625 — at J«?ast so says a stone inserted in the wall — and cross the broad ex- Eanse of green which faces the sea, ascend the igli grass- grown ground which overhangs, the bay, and you get one of the finest views in the neighbourhood. Turn your back to Llandyllan, and the bay lies to your right, then" look straight before you, and distant about half- a-mile, as the crow flies, stands a comfort able looking, old-fashioned farmhouse. Malting houses and granaries lie atone side, at the other a delicious old garden and orchard. Decidedlv out ot date the dwelling looks ; but for all that Time' has touched it lovingly, for wherever the red brick peeps from the clambering creepers- it -is to shew its ruddy hue only mellowed. 110b mouldered, by . age. That is Red Grange farmhouse, tenanted ... by Matthew Selwyn anil Jus orphan niece, Alice .Aylward. About amile beyond the farmhouse — still as the crow flies — looni.tho turrets of Liandyllan Castle. Itis a lumbering, dreary-looking, grey stoneedilice, of no particular style of architecture. It steins to have been built at haphazard, as suited the tastes and purses of its respective owners ; utility and ornament being mingled in a most heteroge neous manner. From time immemorial have toe Dyllans been its possessors, and at the period at which our tale commences it is occuoicd by the widow of the late Sir .Wilfred Dyllan. She is the late baronet's second wife, and as her stepson, Sir Cyril, the present inheritor of the title, prefers remaining with liis regiment entirely, to sharing the unavoidably economical innuige of Llandyllan Castle, her ladyship has, since Iter 'husband's death, eked out her slender jointure by living there rout- free. Fortunately for her, she likes it likes it for many reasons beyond purely monetary motives. She had been tlie rector's daughter when her beauty attracted the middle - aged Sir Wilfred Dyllan, who proposed to, and was eagerly accepted by, the ambitious rust ic beauty. It. was whispered abroad that by her marriage with the lord of the manor she had broken "a country heart," anu Rumour pointed lier finger at Matthew Selwyn, of Red Grange Farm, as being the possessor of that very unserviceable commodity. There is never smoke without fire, and Rumour was not far wrong; but my lady was amply repaid for any treachery slieniight have been guilty of. The measure she hadj meted was jseted out to. her again, pressed down and running over ; for as the years pas««d by and i no child catne to bless her marriage ai.-d to give her i an interest in life, and the chains of I er cheer- I less, loveless, conventional existence tightened 1 around her and galled and fretted her soul, .she j yearned, with all the strength of a passionate, I loving woman, for the brightness of a littie love and sympathy in her life. Rut she also hail a woman's pride, and none save herself -knew of the struggle. She was quite aware of what her neigh bours said concerning her ; and, as well as soiling her purse, it suited her pride to remain at Llan dyllan Castle after her widowhood, and puzzle Madame Rumour and her satelliteswiththe strong friendship which apparently existed between the inmates of the Castle and the Red Grange farm house. Despite her forty-six years, Lady Dyllan was yet a handsome woman. Inclination and pecuniary ! considerations had obliged her late husband to i lead rather a retired life, so that the wear and tear j of a fashionable existence had never been hers. I Like every other woman in the world, she looked her age, every hour of it ; but each day, when fresh from the hands of the polishers and finishers, no one could deny that she bore her years well and gracefully. Sir Wilfred had been now lving for a lustrum in the august company of his fore fathers in the family vault. Nevertheless, his widow still wore a white diaphanous arrangement; called by courtesy 'a widow's cap, "daintily placed upon her yet abundant hair, now streaked with many a silver thread. A plain black silk dress, with gleams of snowy white at the throat and wrists, . complete her attire on this bright June morning, when we introduce her to the reader. There was a half-puzzled, half-amused look upon her ladyship's usually imperturbable coun tenance as she took up a letter which lay beside her on the table, and read it for the second time. It was from an Irish niece of lier late bus baud's, and ran thus "95, Olympia-square, Dublin, ' May 31st, 187t- €,My dear aunt,— At last I have prevailed .upon" mamma to allow me to accpt your long standing invitation, and as Cyril wilfbc crossing next week we think it will be well for iny maul and me to take advautage of liis kind oiler to be our escort. Is it not lortunate that bis leave of absence should come so opportunely ? He lias been enchanting nte with description of your beau tiful "Wales, so that I promise mvself an'ai bum full of rave sketches. Dear dusty Dublin is as dull as ever; everybody is out of town. All our people go to Kingstown next week, but not even tko pedi.ntfoniof Kingstown Pier, where Boultl Hardy Harry (ViiUiis constabulary \- n 'trough flu ton ami ilivomhones Discourses sweet sthraius, Till the soft re.soiuidhers . Make the very flouuclers Rise to the surface To see what it manes— _ yes;- not- even the band on tlie pier, a .id the in ! evitablc flirtations ; not even the 1 ... . cjlou , ox- citement of rushing down to 'see th . .mail packefe oft" can induce me to forego the ple-.-ure of my j long anticipated visit to you. 1 " We hope to he with you about 'Friday next ; j until then, adieu. With fondest. ,!o Ye, in which j all-join, believe me, my dear aunt, your aflec- | tion ate niece, » "Euphemu Wkstry." Apparently a very common-place litter. Yet? Lady Dyllan read it over and over again, whilst a , faint sarcastic smile played over .her face as she finally folded it tip, and said, hal» aloud, " My dear Euphemia, 1 know you bet'-m- than you think. Your sudden affection does not deceive me. You would nob mind bartering your £25,000 for Cyril s title ; hut, at the same time, I am not yet tired of being the mistress of Llandyllan Castle." J She leaned back in her chair toying with the letter in her hand, anil glanced around her at the gaunt gloomy-looking room with its old-fashioned scanty furniture. She felt there was about it a pitiful air of trying to make the best of it, and she experienced a little pang of wounded pride as she mentally contrasted it witli-Euphcrnia's luxu rious home, furnished with that barbaric confusion of styles and colouring so characteristic of modern upholstery. Lady Dyllan looked at the once handsome carpet, now faded past all recogni tion of the original design ; at the spindle-legged faruiture of light foreign wood, upholstered in faded tapestry work, the resifc of thi labours <>. tbe industrious fingers of pacLady Dllans. bw Cyril often said that its shaly genility, which he- had not the means of supjanting y anything better, was one cause oi his it carinjto come to Llandyllan. He had not ben horn since the -hurried leave he had obtmed to attend his father's funeral, and as early 1 the spng he had intimated his intention of sp Jtling sme time on the Continent. Lady Dyllauihrewdf suspected his change of plans to have len cased hy the I hope of ultimately becomit the ossessor of Euphemia's £25,000 weight! with Euphemia herself. . ! " CHAPTER I. "You thought to break a coubry head For pastime ere you went ttowii." When answering Euphemia'btterthnextmorn ing Lady Dyllan hospitably inewedher invita tion, then, putting on nerwalkigattirecrossed the park by a private path wlbli led to the Red | Grange Farm. She carried i tempfng-looking ! parcel of magazines and reviws — thevery latest j and the very best — for ther were opreciative , readers at the farmhouse,: In is youth 1 Matthew Selwyn had been a pupi; of Lady j Dyllan s father, who often spoke athusiasti- , I cally of the rare intelleciial gift of his j ! pupil. The old man had nne thanince urged I Matthew to leave his couitry hoie and go i ' forth and fight his way upwird in ae of tne \ \ learned professions. Mattnev, at thaitinie, was I not without ambition, less fc. himsel than for ; | another, so he lent a willing ar to liii kind old teacher's pleadings. But justthen a aadow fell across the path of his life, aii Matthw Selwyn i abandoned his high hopes aid quiey settled down into an unassuming fanier, belovd and re- j specteil bv ,11. He was a lide, handsale, grey- bearded man of about two or tiree and-fty, with j keen yet kindly grey-blue eyeij and his til athletic frame erect as it was twentj-six yeas before, j when he had last stood in thi rector's sidy, and I the old man had proudly! told bin that his daughter was soon to beeonieLady Dylin. ! Matthew Selwyn had neve married, nit lived alone at the farmhouse, and when liiswidowed si-ster died; committing to hs care he year-old baby daughter, he had gladlytaken theifctle one to his loneiy heart and home. Alice provd herself to be a girl of no ordinaiy intelligence, ad as she grew older it became her uncle's dlight to teach her; and there was no me betteiqualified to do so. He bought a piam for lier, and en gaged tbe organist of the churdi to give h< lessons. Moreover, she was tolerably veil aequaited with j Italian and French, and coild hold ciditably well her ground in a stiff examination in he Eng lish classics. Nor was she umcquaintedvith the current literature of the day; for LadyDyllan, a woman imbued with giod literar taste, kept her well supplied with the best modern b >oks and periodicals. Her hdyship wa fond of h iving Alice with lier. Tlie girl's inriailv well- bred manner, cultivated yet simple mid, com bined with lier striking appearance, sited tlie i t iste of the lady of the mauo:, who wat one of j those to whom beauty of form and relinjnent of i j manner are necessary adjuncts, and not aces-sories j to intrinsic worth. Such was Alice Ayward at the age of nineteen. j In her own way, and as far as her mans per mitted Lady Dyllan wrs : a kind c Lady Bountiful to the peasantiy living uon her j stepson's estate. On her route to lie Red Grange Farm she delayed at several ofthe cot- , tages, so that the mellow sun of the late tifcernoon j was flooding the land by the time she reahed her ; j destination. Matthew Selwyn was at te gate, ! i and as he opened it for her she extended her hand, 'saying— j . j " Good afternoon, Mr. Selwyn ! the ftes are Eropitious ! I had been just wishing tojee you, at had hardly hoped to be fortunate enugh to find you at home at this hour." .j 1 " In what way can I be of service to yd, Lady Dyllan ?" lie asked, as they walked up jie path towards tlie farmhouse. j " By giving me Alice for an indefinite priod. I expect a- niece of my late husband's from relancl. Sir Cyril is also coming home, and I waniyou to lend me Alice to help me entertain. tliern. Matthew Selwyn smiled gravely as heshok his : head, and there was a peculiar intonation in his voiee as he answered — j " I fear I cannot promise entirely to acede to your request." j . " May I ask why ?" — sliarply and impeiously spoken. | " Yes. I have no objection, Lady Dylan, to allow Alice to be with you alone, as she las few companions here ; but recollect that she isonly a poor fanner's niece— although fit, in my oiinion, to rank with any lady of high birth. Posibly I -may-be mistaken in my- estimate; I have mtgone through life without making mistakes. At all events I do not care for her to mix muih with those above her in social position." "Oil, absurd, Mr. Selwyn !" she exclaimkl, wil. fully ignoring the greater number of his remarks, " YVhy, you would make a recluse of the girl !" " Far from it," be replied, quietly and decidedly. " What I have just said is dictated by my great regard for her happiness." "Well, 1 am sure she would eniov coming to stay with -me." "With you alone; I have no objection to that." " You really must allow her to come when Sir Cyril and Miss Westby come," she persisted, goaded to persevere by her womanly dislike to being denied her own way, especially by tlie mau who had once been her slave. " You must not ask me to do so. Your friends and Sir Cyril and bis relatives are not in her sphere of life, but kind words and looks might make her forget what I once did, and suffered for it. In my love for Alice, and for her own sake, I re fuse to let her stay at Llandyllan Castle whilst you have company there." Lady Dyllan's soul writhed in angry shame and remorse. Matthew Sehvyn had never before said auy thing half so cutting to her. He had always been studiously and courteously indifferent in his maimer. Her married life had not been all covleur de rose ; for many a weary year she had been heartily sick of the barren honours for wliich she had sold her womanhood ; and since the death of her husband slie had actually allowed to spring up 111 hftl llP.fl.rhfl. ffiitih finno nf o ronoworl Iai'a Acs Matthew Seiwvn spoke it galled his listener to t link that his love for Alice had so grown, and filled and blossomed in his heart, that in his strong affection for the girl he did not hesitate to say that wliich he could not but have known would wound cni"lly. Tlie usually calm, self-possessed woman grew pale to the very lips, and tightly crushed the parcel in her hand. So changed wa# her appearance that Alice, coming up just then, noticed it, and exclaimed, " Dear Lady Dyllan, liow very tired you look ! Have you walked all the way from Llandyllan in the heat ? " " All the way," she repeated, with aijesperat# effort at cheerfulness, yet hardly knowing what she said. "All the way to bring you your new magazines; is it not good of me ? " " It is more than good ; and uncle has kept you talking out in the sun all this time ! " "You should not have been out of the way," h« retorted gooa-humouredly. " Take care of Lady Dyllan now. 1 must be off, as I have an appoint ment at Croft Farm." Alice brought her visitor into the pretty homely parlour, with its huge old- fashioned oaken cabinet, c mtaiiiiug' the customary show of antiquated china, -so dear to the Welsh female heart. Book shelves, laden with a goodly store, of books, Hanked either, side of the lire-place. The latter contained a capacious brass-mounted grate, adorned with green boughs and an immense pot of multilloia r »ses. Hie piano was littered with music. Snowy muslin curtains draped the open windows; they waved refreshingly to aii d fro, stirred by the faint summer breeze which entered heavily laden with the scent of the June roses, for which flower the Red Grange Farm was famous. The old-fashioned furniture was enveloped in pretty chintz, and about tbe room were littered many of the . tniilv u itidy tokens of the presence of, and habitual oucupancy of the room by, a refined woman. Yes. No one could look at Alice Aylward with- out unhesitatingly pronouncing her to be a'lady. A graceful, slender girl of nineteen, with golden- brown hair, which rippled back in a most distract ing manner from her broad, low, Clytie "brow. Her eyes were hazel, and those odd brown spots on the iris said to denote an enthusiastic temperament. Her nose defied all rules of art ; suffice to say it was in perfect keeping with the bewitching, red- lipped mouth. Not a rosebud month by any means, it was too large for that. A rosebus moutli has no play of expression, and Alice's sensitive lips, to a keen observer, at- once betrayed her feel ings. "I have been reading some ofthe criticisms upon the May exhibition, "said she, taking a reviewfrom the table, " and I see that your cousin's picture is very highy spoken of." " Ah !_ Asheleigh Itochford. He seems to have made quite a hit this year. There is a very full notice of his Antony and Cleopatra,' in one of the paper .1 have, brought you. By the way, he has vi 1; me a photograph of the picture ; yon mturtl . ».me up aud see it. Cleopatra is a most wonderful o ece of work. I cannot help fancying Asheleigh must have drawn the face from life'" " I shall be so glad," said Alice eagerly. "Could you not come back with me now and sleep at Llandyllan, as you often do ? " 1 " Certainly— if uncle will not want me for any i / thing." Lady Dyllan was only a mortal woman. Mat- ' t-hew Selwvn's words yet rankled m her breast, and she said eagerly, " I 'will be answerable to your uncle for you. Come now, give me a cup of tea, and then put on your bat." Alice laughed. " We'll have the tea ; but I d® not promise to come without uncle's permission. He is too good to vex," and she left the room to prepare that beverage alike dear and deadly to woman. She served the tea in the grotesque green and yellow eggshell Dresden ware which helped ta adorn the old oaken cabinet. They chatted gaily, a id Alice was doing her utmost to amuse lier guest, who she quickly saw was a little distraite , when the door was opened and Matthew Selwyn entered. ' You see I am here yet," said Lady Dyllan, with an affectation of the gaiety she was far from feeling. " You are always a welcome visitor," he re- alied. wi li an almost imperceptible empha-is on ihe last word. She noticed it, however, for she .nwardly winced, but sipped lier tea with ontwaid son poii re. . "Und' interposed Alice hesitat'ngly, Lady Dyllan v i»hes me to spend the evening with her. Can you suave me ? " "No, A'iee; I shall never be able to spare on," he replied, looking at her with a sniile. The placs is always upside down when you are . \ t of the way." " Surely you can spare lier for this Waning," interposed Lady Dyllan. " O, Mr. Selwyn, say she may come ! I'll scud her hack safely to morrow," " This evening ? " he repeated, meditatively $ " your company have not yet arrived 2 " "No." "Well, I suppose I must say yes." " Thanks, very much," said Lady Dyllan, about to place ' her handleless cup and s/.ucer on the table. But her hands were trembling : the fragile articles fell and were smashed to aton s. She expressed a well-bred regret for ihe accident. One confusion served — as is often the case — to cover another, and bv the time Alice returned, attired in a soft lavender and white muslin, the quondum lovers were gravely discussing the rela tive merits of Dresden and Chelsea ware. Matthew Selwyn cared but little, if any, for the loss of tlie cup and saucer, but when he was alone in the little parlour he laid the delicate pieces on his broad palm, and muttered — "The first of them that ever was broken. I dare say she felt no more regret for the heart she broke twenty-five years ago tiiis June. I have a good memory, God pity me ! Too good a memory ! and a pained look came into the clear, kind, keen eyes. It was, however, only momentary, for a few miftutes later there was not a cheerier face or voice in tbe farm-yard than that of the owner, Matthew Selwyn. To the unbounded astonishment of Lady Dyllan and Alice, the first objects that met their eyes upon entering tlie Castle, tlie hall door of which stood wide open because of the heat — were a large port manteau, great-coats, and other travelling impedi menta indicative of a male presence. The hostess amazement was yet further increased when a young man ran lightly down the stairs, and stretching our both hands to her, exclaimed laughingly — . " Cousin Eleanor, lias my beard crea'ed such a wonderful transformation in me that you do not recognise me ? " , . . She placed her hands in his, saymg in a pleased tone — " Asheleigh Rochfort, I am delighted to see you. Allow me to introduce you to my friend," (To he continued, j Ax Austin Man, who had been living in a rented house, notified his landlord that he was going to move. " I hope," said the landlord, " that I will find the house in the same condition it was when you took it." " No. I do not expect to leave it in the same condition that I found it." " Weil, you will have to do it." " All right., then, I'll drop a cat in the cistern, and advertise for bed bugs." Misunderstandings. — Scene ; New York drawing-room, 1.20 a.m. I clasped her hand, and I held it fast, While I gazed in her dreamy eyes, And a . far-off look o'er her features passed, Jiike the twilight of vesper skies. While, like one too happy or shy to speak, . With a throb I could understand, She turned from my raptures her glowing.cheek, And veiled it with faltering hand ; And the gentle tremor which thrilled her frame, And leaped from her pulse to mine, To my thirsting soul .with its message came, Like the magic of cordial wine. At last she pitied the. hopeless smart Of the passions she long had scorned, And just as I felt she had opened her heart," She opened her moot h, and— yawned ! His Figures Wrong. — Say ! " began a teamstei as he entered a grocery on Grand River-avenue, " I want you to do a little figuring for me." " Well ? ' " 1 worked for a man five days at, two dols. 75 c. per day. How much is that?" ".That's 13 dols. ,75 c.' " Well, he paid me nine dols. 25 c. IIow much was the balance?" "Why, four dols. 56 c., Of course." " Sure about that ? " " Certainly. IIow else can you figure it?" "I made it seven dols." "Then you are way off. How did the oilier man make it ? " " Same as you, but — — " " But what ! " " Why-, I called hi in" a liar and a fraud and punched his head, and I have just paid a fine of 15 dols. iu the Police-court ! Hang this new way of figuring, any how ! " Tii Small Boy's Revelation.— It is the small boy who usually tells things, and the dinner table is liis favourite theatre. Not. long ii go a bright little follow out on Pcncht ree-street peered over into the dish at the head of the table, and exclaimed, " Wnat A little chicken for so many, people ! " The company smiled surreptitiously, ami his mother endeavoured to quiet him. But he was like Banqub's ghost. After they had all been helped and were eating, his face suddenly lit up, and, clapping his hands, he shouted, " Oh, yes, I know now, main ma. This is the lit.tlo ibicken that was siek so long in the yard, ain't it ? " Tb Learned Something. — The other windy day ts a gent leman stood on the Campus Martius wailing for a car his hat blew off and went, sky-larking down the st reel. He was gat hering himself for a run when (tiJ»ri;qr pedestrian called out: "Stop! sir — stop!" "Eh? Speaking to me; what is it ?" "Standstill, gir Don't take a step after your hat !" " But I — " 'Stop!" By this time two women, five men, three boys and a policeman were in chase of the hat, and it, was not only speedily run down, but the dirt was care fully brushed off by tbe rescuer before he restored it with a bow and a smile. " See !" queried the pedes trian who bad cried stop. " I do. Thanks. I've teamed something new." Tins Robreii, the Tiiaveller, and the Mandarin. —One time, as a peasant was travelling along the highway, he encountered a robber who had been lying in ambush. When a demand was made for his .money he wept and lamented and besought the rob ber to at least spare him half. "Come down with every stiver or off comes I he top of your headf'shouted the robber; and lie left the peasant, not. one copper coin. An hour later, us the robber was taking things easy along the road, lie was met by a Mandarin and escort, and the big man ordered that he be seized and searched. When his cash was "brought, to light the Mandarin exclaimed: "Ah ! he has too much money for an honest, man ! Take it away from him and give him (50. strokes of the bamboo !" Next day the sore and limping robber again encountered the peasant,, and lie at, once IV.ll upon him in anger, crying out : " Ah ! if you had not yielded up your cash to me I should not. have been bamboozled !" " And if I had not. yielded you would have cut my throat, !" replied the peasant-. Moral : Some men are j bound to bo in the soup, anyhow. I Not To Blame.— -The other night, if, waa ' darker than a tar barrel outside the circle of the different, electric lights, and while the rain came down with a steady drizzle, a patrolman discovered a man standing in the middle of tlio st reet between the Grand Circus Parks. He stood there so quietly and so long that, t.be officer finally went, out to him and asked : " Well, 'what's the matter ?" " Nozzing roazzcr wiz mo," was the reply, delivered in a voice as thick as a four-inch plank. " But what are you standing here, for ?"' " To she© ze moon.'" " Moon ?" '"Yes ; wan" slice moon rise over a great city." "'But there is 110 mooii| to-night, and t here won't lie. How do yon expect to- see the moon through this rain and darkness ?"| 1 "Dunno. Ort.er be moon. Doan' blame me if you' ; doan' shee moon." " You come along with me ! I see what ails yon !" " Going t shend me n> ?" "Yes." Nozzer outrage by polico department! Do 9 run ,'er moon ? Mi to blame cause mooii doan" | rise ? Moon orter to be here, but I can't help it. i Shirty days cause T doan' run 'er moon, eh ? Weil ' : Well!" 