J eople We Readd About. Bernhardt,: Patti, and Langtry are cabh engaged in writing a book. Lord Lytton was the sixteenth earl who died in 1891. Lord Lytten was a believer in ghosts. His, seat, Knebsworth, was haunted, he was con rineed. Hiram Chase, an Indian of the Omahsa tribe, has been permittted to-the practice of the law. at. Omahn. Mrs. Kendal is the inventor and patentee of a' lanmp and candle shade, from the sale of which she derives a very handsome profit. Bismark, is what in Germany they call a "chain smoker," that is he smokes from morning till night without a break, lighting one cigar with the end of the other. , His full name, with its titles, was the Right Honorable Edward Robert Bulwar Lytton, Earl of. Lytton, G.C.D., G.C.S., C.L.E., L.L.D., but the great world will! know him best' and rdmember him best as Owen Meredith., SA strange figure on the streets of Wash. ington is that of Josephine J. Jarocki, a Polish countess and a grandniece of Count Pulaski, of rcvolutionary fame.. She is described as a" human dried apple,", poor to' indigence and shabbilly dressed, and she is about fifty years old. For twenty- five years she has been fighting for a fortune left by Count Pulaski. Mile, Bileesco, the young Roumanian re 'eently ,edmitted to' practise law in France, .is a tall, goaceful, and dark-haired girl of 'twenty-three. She is the only child of a banker at Bucharest, and in that city she has;hung out her shingle. Is1r course of instruction in the law in Paris lasted for six years, and during that time she was ab sent but one day from, the lecture room. Paul do Ch0aillu says that whenever in the forests of Africa he encountered a gorilla his life hung on a slender shread, for either he or the gorilla:had to die. Inasmuch as'the genial traveller is :still alive, it seems likely that he gase a quietus to more than one of the big apes. Accordidg to M. du Chaillu the female gorilla sleeps at night in the branches of a tree, while the male reposes at the base of the tree to keep her from harm. 