My Narrow tscape. I never told anybody bow very, very neat I was to deatb tbat night, jnefc a year ago ; but as I can now look back and calmly re- j call eaoh thought, cooh word, each act, I think I will write' it down BB a warning to all who may find themselves similarly cir cumstanced, hoping, with all my heart, that the number may be few. In the first place, my name is Frederick Putnam. I am, and bave been for tbe last ten years, the foreman and book-keeper ol the large lumbering establishment ol Wil liam Winston and Co., and hope to be for another deoade.unlesB something botter turns np. Mr. Winston is the resident partner and manager of the manufacturing part of the bnainoBS. Tho other members of tbe firm,of \- wbiob there are two, liva in the oity, at the foot of tho lake, and attended to the sales of ' lamber, whioh we Bend them by vessels. \- This ÍB by far the largest share of what tho mill oats, although'the amount ot bar saleB directly from the mill, to supply tho oountry to. the .west ot us, is quite., large. Well, one oold September evening,'just as I was preparing forborne, I heard footsteps on the / ground onteide, and presently ' the office door flew opon, as though someone in haste had givon it a push, admitting a ,tall, stoat, welt-drossed man, with a small j travelling bag in one hand and a shawl ' rthrown over one arm. . I.'was alone:-Mr. Winston having gone to the houEO some half an hour .before, looking -tbe eafe, in which wo kept our books and' papers, and taking the key with him as , usual. I had already olosed thc damper to tho ; stove, put on my overcoat, and was just in the act ot turning down the lamp-but, ot course, I waited. ' " Good evening, sir," said the man, bbBtling ap to the stove, and kicking tha damper open with his right toot. " lias Winston gone to the house ?" \- I answored that he had. . , "When? I was afraid of it." Ho drew out his watch—a very fine one, I thought. " I shall not bavo timo to go up," bo said. "Tho train ÍB duo in hf leon min utes." " I there anything I can do for you ?" I asked. '* I wanted to Ieavo some money with Winston. I intended to stop in town a day or two, bot I have just got a deapatob that calls me borne." " What name, sir 7" " Anderson, of Andersonvillo." I knew him then, though I had seen him but onco before. Ho had been ono of oar boat western oustomerB. I said bad boen, for the reason that during tho past year he had not.been so prompt. In foot, he WBB considerably behind, and Winston had that very day told me to writo him, and " punoh him ap a little," BB bo expressed it. The letter was then in tbe breast pookot of my overcoat. "ïou can leave tho money with me, sir, and I will give you a receipt." Ile seemed to hesitate, whioh nettled me somewhat. I bave never blamed anyone since, however. "How muoh is my bill?" he aeked, eying mo sharply. . I answered promptly, for I had Btrnok tho balance not more than half an hour be fore: . " Two thousand two hundred and fifty pounds." , " Humph 1 less than I supposed. Write out a reoeipt tor that amount." , ,', Ho lett tho stove, and oame and looked over my shoulder while I was writing out the receipt.-' - . "It is all right, Mr. Putnam. I know you now. You've boen with Winston a longtime. I can tell your oignature any where." Ho drow from an inaido pooket a large blaok wallet very round and full, and oount ing out eleven different piles of bank-notes, ho told me to run thom over. It was a short and easy task, for each pile contained just twenty ten ponnd notea. The balanao wes in notes and sovereigns, and it took more time to oount them ; but at last we got it \- so that both were satisfied. At this moment we heard the whistle from me stallion, anderson sprung tor nts travel ling bag, and giving me a hasty hand-shako was off on tho run. I closed tho door, and oountod tho money over again. Finding it all right, I wrapped a pieae ot newspaper around it, and slipped it into my overcoat pooket. I did not feel quito essy to have so muoh money about mc, but as Winston's house was at least a mila distant, I aon oluded to koop it until morning, when I could deposit it in tba bank, I closed the damper again, drew on my gloves, took tho olllca key from tho nail just over tho door, and stopped up to put out tho light. As I did eo, I saw a bit of paper on the floor, wbiah, on picking up, I saw was tho reqoipt I wrpto for Mr. Anderson, . Ho bod dropped it in bis hurry. I put it in ray pooket, and thought no more about it, only that I would mail it to bim. I would have dono it then, but as Ibo last mail for tbe day bad gono out on the train whioh took Mr. Anderson, I oould do it just aB woll in the mbrniDg. Then, too, I was in something ot a huny thal night, for I bad an appoint ment ;¡and I moy OB. well stato herc that it was with a young Indy, who, I hoped, would bo my wife before many months elapsed. . ' 1 boBtonod to my boarding píaos, oto my Buppor, and then went over to air. Warner's, wearing tho overcoat with tho monoy in it, as I did not .feel easy about leaving it in my room.' Garrie waa at home, of course,as abe was expeoting mo,- and, leaving my coot and hat in tho hall, I went into the parlor.. I dd not think a repetition of our conver sation would, bo very interesting, so l will passover it, merely remarking that nothing occurred to disturb mo until I arose to take my leave.. . . . Garrie wont into tho entry for my coat and hat, that I might put thom on by tho warm tiro, but ehe oamo baok with only my hat.. ".Why, Fred, you certainly did not von tara ont on suoh a night as this without an ovarooat ?" "No oootl" I exclaimed, in a dazed cort cf B way-for tbe thought of the money, flash ing upon mo BO suddenly,had almost stunned mo. . Tho' next moment I toro pact her like a madman, sa 1 waa. The coat was gono I , ? Then I was unnerved. I grasped at Ibo stair-rail, and caught .it just in time to sup port myself. Oarria bame running'out, her face turning palo with alarm. " Ob, Fred I aro yon siok 7 Lot me call mother and tho dootor. You ara na v bite in a sheet," " No, no, Carrie 1" I entreated. " Thorc, f ambeUer now." And I was botter, I was strong, all nt onao-desperately strong. And what brought about this ahange? Tho simple receipt whioh I had in my pooket. Anderson had nothing to show that tba monoy had bron paid, and was not my unaided word aa good aa his ? I was foolish enough to bel ¡ovo that I could brave it through, and I grew oonfldeht and quite cosy at onca. "There, Garrie, I am much better now. Tho room was too warm, I guess. So soma snook-thief bas dodged in oed stolon my conti Woll, 1st it go. It was only1 an old one, and I'll havo a better." " But was there anything in your pookotB?" asked. Garrie. It is Btrango bow suspicious guilt will maha us. I really thought that Garrió sus pected mo, and on angry reply waa on-tho and of my tongue. I Buppressod itt howover, and ottered a falsehood' in« ?tead. " I »m fri id ii to ae vecac, Tnt. Bow, U J yon will wait jan . moment, I will gat yon I one ot father's coats to wear home." I Thus equipped I left her. I You may guess that my slumbers that I night were not very soond, nor very refresh. jj ing. I never passed a moro miserable night, jj and in the morning my haggard looks were ll the subject of remark. jj " Why, Fred, yon look as though yon bad met a legion of ghosts last night," said Winston. " What ie the matter ?" "I have bad a bad night ol it," I . an j BWered, with a sickly smile. j " And you'll have another, it you're not careful. Toa had better heep quiet to-day. By-the-way, did you write to Anderson ?" I do not know how I managed. to reply, for the question set me to shivering fiora h -ad to, foot, and I was so week that I ' oould soaroely sit in my chair. I mast have answered in the affirmative, however, for he said: " Then we may look for something from him to-morrow, or the next day Vr Im mediately after he added, "Why, Fred, yon shiver as thongh you had the ague, and yon are sweating like a butcher 1 You're siok. man. Come I jump into my carriage, and I'll take you home'." I was glad of the ohanoe to get away, and reaohing my room, I looked myself in. Winston sent adootorround, but I refused to Bee him. Then be oame himself, but I would not open tho door. The landlady oame, then some ot my fellow-boarders, but I turned them all away. Ah I those were terrible boura that I passed and the night coming on brought me no relief. Canyon not guees what I was .meditating? Coward that l was, I had at last resolved upon Bolt-.destruotion. I commenood - my . preparations .with the. same calmness and .deliberation that I would haye used in the most common transaction.; I wrote a short explanation for Carrie, another for Hr Winston, a third for my poor mother, and I sealed them all. In a fourth envelope I onolosed the receipt to Mr. Anderson. \- AU this ' aooompliahed, I wont to my secretary and took out the weapon o! death. It was simply a revolver, email and in algniScani onough in appearance, but all suQlclent. Having examined tho cartridges to make sure that there would be no failure, 1 sat down before the Bte, and placed the cold muzzle to my forehead. In another eeoond I Bhould have been lifo* lesa, but just as my finger began to press tho trigger there oamo a tap on my door. It startled mo, and hastily concealing my weapon, I oallad out that I aould admit no one." "Not mc, Fred ?" I knew Carrie's voice, and yearning to look on her loved face got tho mastery of me. Quietly slipping the toll-tale letters, whioh 1 had left on the table, into my pocket, I oponed the door. " Oh, Fred 1 you aro rr-il Bick," exclaimed Carrie, the moment tho light loll on my face. " Why did you not sent for mo? Aren't you bettor ?" " Worae," I answered, huskily ; " but Garrió- good Heaven's I" AB I uttored this exclamation I started' back, and thon forward ; and then-I hardly know what, for, hanging across Carrie's arm, was my overcoat I Hoovering from my astonishment, I snatched it from her, and thrust my hand into the pocket. I drew out tho two thousand two hundred and fifty pounds. You have hoard about, and "perhaps seen, tho singular oapers of a madman, or the wild antics of those crazed with rum, or the grotesque dancing of Eavagce. Well, judging from what Carrie told mo and from the ap pearance of my apartment after it was all over, I am led to believe that, wera it possiblo to oonaentrate tho three above mentioned opooies of demons into ono, their oapcring and danoing would appear tamo in compari son with mine that night. But I aooled down attar a whilo, and just in timo to save Carrie's head a thump from . tho chair or thc washstand, which I had scleotcd as partners in my crazy waltz. : \- Then I asked for an explanation. It was. tho simplost thing imaginable. I do not know why I had not thought of it before. It was simply a blunder of Carrie's father. He had mistaken my ooat for his own, and worn it down town, never dreaming that a small fortuno waa lying' idly in one ot the pockets. Weih I didn't have tho brain fevor over tho affair, but I was next door to it. I made a olean breaet of tho wholo thing excepting my attempt, or. rather, my resolve, at self de struction. No one ever guessed that part of it, and I tell it to-day for tho Hist time. I sent Mr. Anderson his receipt, banded over tho mr.ney to Mr Winaton, and went right on with my duties, a wiser and bettor man, I hops. And to-morrow, Ood willing, I shall lead Carrie to the altar. 