THEATRE ROYAL. — HAMLET. Tho Theatre Royal was well filled on Satur day night by an appreciative audience that had come to assist at the benofit of that popular actor, Mr. Frank Catcs. In choosing to stage Hamlot and appear in the name part Mr. Gates only followed in the footsteps of many moro or leSB distinguished aotors ; but as the result in the main showed, with many more qualifications for the task than possessed by the majority of his predecessors. Added to an agreeablo prcsoneo Mr. Catcs has the advantage of long experience and considerable mastery of dramatio expres sion, whilBt it was apparent on Saturday night that he had given intelligent study to the com plex character of Hamlet. Henco he was able to give what was, on tho whole, a very accept able rendering of thia difficult part. At times there were wero distinot traces of originality. This was particularly noticeable in the repre sentation of the scene with the Queen, where Folonius is killed. In the passage beginning Ay, lady, 'twas my word, tho line was spoken with a fine assumption of bitter triumph, and then when Hamlet turning and lifting the arras and finding it is Folonius in stead of the King, starts back and says, Thon wretched, rash, intruding fool, farewell ! the accent of surprise on the " thou " gives a cloarness and meaning to the rest of tho passnge. In the first nod Bccond ghost scene Mr. Gates was effective, and his delivery nnd expression in the great soliloquy beginning To be or not to bo, were entirely successful. As Ophelia, MissAimde Moore is entitled to some praise, and in the mad scene gave indications that slio has talent above that of the ordinary aspiring amateur. The aupport at times was somewhat feeble, as was only expected, seoing that most of the ladies and gentlemen of the east were amateurs. Mr. James Dawborn played the King carefully and with intelligence, and Miss Emma Bronton was satisfactory as tho Queen. Messrs. C. E. Green and A. G. Stach were good in tlioir respec tive parts of Laertes and Horatio, and the rest of the company was neithor noticeably excellent nor otherwise. 