A MAD SPECTRE. BY PHAN PHANTOM. " Any ghosts, wraiths, spooks, spec tres or other representatives of your defunct ancestors hereabouts ?" I asked the question of my friend, Augustus Danfortb, as we seated our selves before a blaziug fire in the stately library of the grand old gi»y stone pile which had recently come to him by inheritance, and which I now visited for the first time " I can't speak from personal know- j Jedge," he laughed, '' having had no j experience with the gentry, but, tell | jt not in Gath, publish it not in | Askelon, or every servant would quit I the place without an hour's notice- ; if tradition speaketh correctly, there j are half a dozen, more or less, closeted : about the house 60tnewhere, though, j as they are not disposed to disturb my J nightly slumbers, I don't propose to | hunt them out, and they are welcome j to possess in peace." j "We had both seen, read, heard, and, ; best of all, thought much since we last met, and we thought of many things that night; of things seen and unseen; of the natural and super natural ; of the body terrestrial and the body celestial. We talked of old friends of old times, and at my request Danforth gave me a brief account of bis ancestry, names, characters and eccentricities included. I The night itself was conductive to i good fellowship j all the four winds of J heaven were roaring and rollicking in j the wide-mouthed chimney, and caper- | ing in and out the gables and cornices, I whistling through the keyholes and ; thrashing at the leafless oaks and j giant elms in a regular high-dady, witches' frolic that reminded one of; " Ingoldsby" in his gayest mood. 1 The full moon held high carnival timid the flying scud that occasionally obscured her brightness, and now j looked calmly down upon the animated j scene. A large grey owl sat perched | on a swaying branch, and asked his : monotonous question at every appro- j priate interval. We stood looking out of the French window for a moment J before separating for the night, Dan forth remarkiug that a storm was brewing, the moon being partially obscured by a watery haze, and en veloped in a circular night-cap as if for protection, « You and the spooks will have it all to yourselves; this is the only room that is occupied on this side of the house," he said as he bade me good-* night on the landing. " All right," I responded; " if they cut up very rough I'll sing^out, and you can come to the rescue." I was dog tired after my longjourney though I hadn't realised it until now, and gave but a hasty glance round the roam, merely noting its size an com fort before turning in, and in five minutes was in that mysterious land where the mind wanders at will, un trammelled-by the body, I may have slept an hour, perhaps longer, when I was aroused by, or became conscious of, a sound in the room resembling that made by a rapid player on the .bones, lor a time I struggled with the drowsiness that possessed me, but as the sound con tinued and increased I gradually woke up to the significance of it, and opened ujv eyes. As I did 80 the moon emerged from a cloud, and a long, bright stream of silvery light fell across the floor. Just in the very centre of the radi ance I saw a sight that made mv heart thump like a trip-hammer for a minute, | until 1 reflected that no one had ever heard of a spectre doing any real damage to anyone, and determined to pluck up courage. Mv ghost was none of the ordinary kind, I would have you to understand, being no more or less than a gibbeiing skeleton. In itself this was quite enough to arouse a feeling of curiositv, if no stronger emotion, but add to it the fact that BO far from standing upon its pedal extremities, as any well-conducted ghost would do, it was carefully balanced on its hands, ?with its feet in the air, and the hsad elevated like a turtle, and wagging from side to side when I first perceived it, and, furthermore, that it started off into a variety of contort'on* to which double somersaults and the lion, skip, and jump acts wee the mildest pre lude, and you have a faint idea of an odd. not to say striking, performance. My tongue clung to the roof of my month for a few moments, and ih^n I summoned the courage to ejaculate <cHelloa!" in a decidedlv weak voice. The spectre, or skeleton, paused instantly in a pirouette upon the right hand index finger and faced me, bead tilted upward, and grinning horriblv. " Shan't, do it." a weird voice returned. " I hellopd once with a vengeance, though, but it bad no effect but to wake the echoes and frighten the rats." " T beg pardon," T ventured. " I didn't think you cnuld talk." "Why not P There's no law against jt, I suppose," he chattered. " Oh, no, of course not \ "But, you see, most people require a tongue for that sort of thing." " That's where T have the advantage of you. I have a tongue, and it can wag as fast as another man's, ton, only I haven't used it for so long that it's a trifle rusty. T bave eyes, and flesh, and blond, and n^rve and muscle, only you are blind and can't see them." " Tou don't say! Why. your bones Jook as dry as-as a haystack." " Well, so they are. but I shal invest them, and . shall until thev crumble away a8 other material part has; then I shall be all spirit, with a body of a different kiud." " Gracious! I don't mean to be dis respectful, I assure you-but-who are you, anyhow ?" " I might ask you the same question with a better grace, since I find you intruding upon my privacy; but no matter; you're not ' to the manor born,' or you wouldn't ask ; everyone with the slightest pretensions" to relationship has heard of the Mad Baron, I'm hie spectre, and every whit as mad now as I was when they dubbed me so, yet I am as sane as yourself; everyone is more or less mad, you know." " So they called you mad, eh ? What for ?" " Why, you see, my mother died when I was born, and what with miss ing her, and with inheritingsher weakly constitution, and one thing and another I was a puny youngster, and exercised my lungs to such good purpose that my nurse spent the major part of her time in trotting and dandling me upon her capacious knee, Now this might have been all right for the ordinary one, but you see it was different with me ; I wa>s feeble and my bones were hollow, so that my brains gradually settled down to the lowest point and lodged in my heels. Of course no one knew of this, or they might have hung me up by the heels and set me to rights. I wasn't con scious of it myself until I came to an age where I began to reason, and then I Bet to work to remedy the trouble. A man can't be strictly sensible with his brains upside down, so I began to practice walking upon my head, or hands, rather; and as soon as I was inverted, and ray brain in its proper position, I was all right. Folks began to look at me askahce after that, though, and finally I was fastened up here and never allowed to go out." "The deuce! I mean-that was pretty hard on you, especially as you were quite sane. I hope you don't mind my being here ?' " Not at all; I rather like it, if you don't obtect to my little eccentricities. I must have some exercise." " Certainly, but why choose the night?" "I haven't any spite against the present occupant, and it would be sure to make trouble with servants and children, if there are any, if "I were to appear iu the daylight; besides, I always preferred this time. Many a time and ofthavelgoue tumb ling into my brother's room-he was waiting for my shoes, and waiting eagerly, too-in the dead of night, and frightened him half to death. Although they shut me up I always contrived to get 'out, and gave them no end of trouble to the very last. I was helped off, finally, you know." " The deu-what do you mean ?" " Wty, helped to shuffle off the mortal coil." " Tou don't mean it ?" " Yes, I do; it was strychnine, the most diabolical poison ever invented. My brother slipped as easily into my shoes as if they had been made to Ms measure, but something troubled him, and after a long time he came to the family vault one dark night, and open ing my narrow prison house, rifled it of my bones and took them home. After placing them in the large closet over there he locked the door, and next day I overheard workmen cementing the cracks, and it has never been opened from that day to this; in fact, the doar-knob was removed, and it has always been considered as no more or less than a panel. - But, bless you, they can't chain spirits, even those partially trammelled by the material, with bolts and bars. I stood by my brother's bed or gibbered on the foot, board every night of his sinful life, [ until I think he would have been glad to die, except that he was afraid of what came after. Somet'mes he stretched out his hands and pleaded with me to go away and leave him in peace ; and once he leaped out of bed and implored me to kill him and end it all. But I was not quite bad enough for that. I went away then and he died soon after. I haven'tsought to find him i since; naturally he doesn't care to linger about the scene of his crime, and - on the whole - perhaps he suffered enough-helloa! what's that ? Daylight, as I'm a skeleton! Well, I good-day ?" And he vanished into the thin air in a twinkling of an eye. " Ever taken a good look around the nnoeoupipd side of the hoiiser" I inquired carelessly, the next day, after discussing a hearty breakfast with Danforth. " No; suppose we go over it together this morning." he suggested, as we rose from the table and lit our cigars. "Agreed," T returned, and we strolled ahoutfor several hours, poking into all sorts of nooks and corners, and discovering a secret. r>assn<»e from one room to another in the most innocent looking panel in the world. "By the wav," I said, "isn't it a little strange that in so larpp a room as that T occupied last night there is no cli 6't ?" "Strange enough. I should think, Are vou sure, though ?" " Keasonahlv." I said it. with a mental reservation. ''Let ns examine into it," quoth Danforth. He went to work, looking carefully all along the wall. After a moment he paused. ^ By Jove! Dick." he called out. "see here-that's cement, sure's vou're alive; T can pick it out with my knife; keen still, though, and we'll see what's inside in a brace of shakes." A fter two hours of bard work I stood back while Danfgrth pried open the door with a chisel. A tall skeleton fell clattering down upon the floor. " The deuce !" cried Danforth. "Thejnad spectre of the Mad Baron!" said I. 