TO CORRESPONDENTS. QUESTIONS ANSWERED. Tank and Other Calculations-A. B. (Urana) : Provided that your hay is rather hoavy and well settled, the stack contains about 52 tons. Eemedy for Weevils-Selector : 1. Can you tell me what will keep weevils off sheepskins: Mix together fluid carbolic acid, 2oz; arsenic, 2oz; salt, llb; boiling water, lgal. This mixture should be applied to the fleshy side of the dry skins with a brush. 2. You must use your own judgment in the matter. The Great Eastern-J. E. (Newcastle) : What has become of the steamer Great Eastern ? If she has been broken up, at what port was the operation performed ?-By this time the famous ship has piobably been demolished. She was beached on the livereide at New Perry, Liverpool, some time ago, for the purpose of being broken up. Kimberley Gold Field-Miner (Kock Vale) : In connection with your inquiry as to the dis covery of Kimberley Gold Field, authorities at Perth stat» that the late Mr. E. T. Hardman was recognised as the discoverer of the above field, and his widow was paid the sum of ¿£500 in re cognition of his services. Messrs. Hall and Slattery were also awarded .£500 for their services in prospecting for gold in the Kimberley dis trict. Mildew Stains-F. G. (Sydney) : What it the best thing to remove mildew from linen ?~ There are many methods of removing mildew, from which the following is selected. Mix toge ther a spoonful of fine table salt, two spoonfuls each of soft soap and powdered starch, and the juice of a lemon. Lay this mixture on both sides of the stain with a painter's brush, place the article on the grass, and let it remain day and night till the stain disappears. Plays-G. M. (Herberton): A play of the Sims and Pettitt type would be a melodrama, or, in the modern acceptance of the latter term, a piece in which startling incidents would abound, but which would have more or less of a domestic character. A play of tho " School " type would be a comedy in which the cha'acters are supposed to be, to a great extent, divested of the trammels of stage tradition, and to act in the easy and natural way of people in real life. R.M.S. Austral-W. A. W. (Broken Hill) : Can you tell me what year the È.M.S. Austral made her maiden trip to Australia, and when she foundered in Sydney Harbor ?-The Austral left Plymouth on her first voyage to Australia on May 20, 1882, arriving in Sydney Harbor on June 30. On the occasion of her second trip she left Plymouth on September 16,1882, and reached Sydney on November 3. She sank at her moor ings in Neutral Bay on the morning of November ll, 1882. Vivisection.-Anti-Cruelty (Melbourne) : A return showing the number cf experiments per formed on living animals during the year 1890 in England, under licences granted under what are known as the Vivisection Acts, shows that the total number of licences was 110, but 33 holders did not experiment. The total number of ex pet iments performed in 1890 was 2102, of which 10 were upon horses, mules, or asses, 112 upon cats or dogs-without anaesthetics-and 796 were special experiments without anesthetics. Mining Laws-G. W. (Croydon, Q.) : 1. The working of a diamond drill by the Government does not liberate lessees from the performance of their labor conditions. 2. Drills can be rented from Government under conditions of payment of rent, providing diamonds, «tc. 3. There are only two drills working on goldfields, viz., one at Croy don and the other at Gympie ; both are worked by the Government solely. 4. Wardens are debarred from holding any mining interests by law, and are subject to a penalty of ¿£100 and two years' imprisonment for an infraction of each law. Tha IfLW fihnuld ho in mntinn. Í Apples in Canada-M. S. (Armidale)The ' Canadian apple crop is believed to be the " largest on record" in 1891, and at the date of last advices the railway companies were bringing 30,000 barrels per week from Ontario to Montreal for shipment. As Montreal is itself the centre of the great apple district, the export trade attained unprecedented proportions, and it is doubted whether there will be steamship accommodation enough to take all the apples forthcoming. One London steamer is described as having refused 5000 boxes of cheese and 3000 barrels of apples recently. Kemoving Dye Stains-"W. R. (Lithgow) : Can you give me a recipe to take navy blue dye stains from a white shirt?-Either of the follow ing processes are successful in lemoving aniline dye stains from goods : 1. Triturate lgr of zinc grey with -£gr of mucilage (20deg B.), uutil it forms a homogeneous mass. Incorporate with this l-5gr of a solution of hyposulphite of soda of the same degree as the mucilage, and apply the mixture directly to the goods. Let it dry and evaporate; then wash the goods in water slightly acidulated with muriatic acid. 2. Take tartaric acid in solution ; the older the stain the stronger the mixture should be. Moisten the spot with it, and afterward wash ont. in KAVAral watt-rn. Freckles and "Warts-Inquisitive (Hill End): Will you kindly give me a simple cute for warts, and also for freckles ?-A. French physician recently prescribed the following cure for warts, which is said to completely remove these disfigurements. Procure a small piece of raw beef and soak it in fresh good vinegar all night. Next morning cut as much from it as will cover the wart and secure it with a bandage. If so desired it may be removed in the day time and put on every night. In about a fortnight the wart will die and peol off. The internal use of magnesia in conjunction with this remedy hastens the cure. For freckles you cannot do better than use the lotion for which a recipe is appended : 2oz benzoin, loz of tincture of tolu, -idr oil of rosemary. Mix the ingredients well in a corked bottle. When required add a teaspoon ful to awineglassful of water, and apply the lotion where required, night and mjriiiug, ¿ently dab , bing it with soft linen. j C Our Cable Service-M. E. (Tibooburra) : To decide ~a bet, will you kindly say whether there is a direct cable between Sydney and London? There is no direct cable from England to Aus tralia. The great distance would require a stronger power than yet exists to deflect a needle so far away. The eastern route runs through the Suez Canal, Aden, and away to Java, eventually I reaching Port Darwin, and thence by land cable to Adelaide. The Indo route is via Berlin, War saw; Odessa, &c;, Bombay, Madras, and so to Penang, Singapore, and finally Port Darwin. There is a third route running north of these, used only in cases of accidents befalling the other cables. Veterinary Surgery-Subscriber (MarBden road) : 1. Kindly give me cures for dry and water gripes in horses ?-For the former give loz of aloes, loz tincture of opium, loz spirits of tether, nit., 9 drops of tincture of aconite (Flemming's), mixed with lpt of water. For the latter give 2oz spirits of other. nit., loz tincture of opium, 9 drops of tincture of aconite (Flemming's), mixed with lpt of water. 2. We cannot undertake to express an opinion as to who is the best doctor in Sydney.-J. Mitchell : We would advise you to consult by letter any veterinary surgeon adver tising in our columns, as your case is no doubt a very bad one, and would require special treatment. I Kendall's Poems-E. T. (Goulburn) : 1. The phrase alludes to a bright or full moon, but is used in a metaphorical sense. 2. Evidently meant for the name of a person. 3. The expres sion " Balm in Gilead" occurs in Jeremiah viii., 22 : " Is there no balm in Gilead ? Is there no physician ?" 4. Sheol in the Hebrew idea of the lot of the dead some what answered to the Roman Catholic notion of ¡ purgatory. There was. however, a very important difference between the two, inasmuch as the spirits in Sheol were not supposed to suffer any [ pain. But it was the common receptacle ot' all j the ghosts that had once been human crea cures. 5\. You are not .supposed to return the letter to the writer. Tempering Mill Picks-Constant Reader (Wahgunyah, V.) : Can you tell me a good method of tempering mill picks for dressing burr stones, as I find it very har d to get them rightly tempered ?-Heat the bill to a blood-red heat, and then hammer it till nearly cold ; again heat it to a blood-red color, and quench as quick as possible in 3 al of water, in which have been dissolved 2oz of vitriol, 2oz soda, and ¿oz of saltpetre. Let the bill remain in the liquor until it is cold. Another way is to dissolve in 4gal of soft water, loz each of white arsenic, spirits of salts, and sal ammoniac. The mixture should bo kept in a tubo or iron phial for use. The tool is heated to a blood-red heat, then quenched in this mixturG, drawn gently over a clear fire till the spittle flashes off it, and allowed to cool. Wine Vinegar-J. E. H. (Casino) : Please publish a recipe for making wine vinegar.-It is prepared from grape iuico and inferior new wines worked up with wine-lees. The juice is run into barrels which are placed endways, tied over with coarse canvas, and put into a darkened room freely supplied with air. Here it remains till the acetous fermentation is nearly complete, when the newly-formed vinegar is run into two tubs, one of which should be only three- quarters filled. The fermentation beginB again, acetification proceed ing more rapidly in the small than in the larger tub ; consequently the liquor it contains matures the sooner. When fit for storage, a portion of the vinegar is drawn from the smaller quantity and its place supplied with a like quantity from the full tun until tho whole is exhausted. Big Ballrooms-Waltz (Pyrmont) : In the West End of London, at Olympia. The large j hall there, which is famous at present for its I fancy dress ballß, is 440ft long, 250ft wide, and j 100ft high, and contains an area of nearly 2ia. Twenty-seven thousand people were present at a ball some months ago. The largest room in the world used for balls and public meetings is in Chicago, built under one roof, with the floor sur face unbroken by pillars. Its length is 1000ft, width 220ft. It will accommodate 50,000 people. Another immense hall in St. Petersburg is used for balls at night and military displays by day. It is 620ft in length, and 150ft wide, without pillars, and a roof of only one single iron arch. It requires 20,000 tapers to light it up, and it can accommodate 15,000 persons. Boyal Yachts-J. O'B. (Waterloo) : The Czar of Russia. His yacht, The Polar Star, of I 3316 tons, and 6000-horse power, measures 315ft by 46ft. It possesses splendid apartments-decks paved with black, white, and red marble, a marble fountain, baths, electric light Baloons, cabins and apartments all finished in rare wood and Btones, and fitted with the most splendid and costly tiap pings-at a cost of nearly 1,000,000 sterling. She can, in case of war, be used as a cruiser and tor pedo chaser, as she moves at the rate of 22 knots an hour. Her dining-saloon will accommodate 200 people, and in addition to other comforts she has spacious reading and smoking rooms. Her Majesty the Queen has four yachts at her dispo sal. They cost the country originally ¿£276,000, and in maintaining them in order and repairs a sum of ¿£35,000 is spent; every year. Points of Law-Contract (Woonona) : You are entitled to payment for the work done by you, and-can deduct the amount from the sum due to the cont"actor.-E. G. (Bourke): He must keep himself.--Influenza (Balranald) : No. -M. M. (Mount M'Donald) : Are police men stationed in country towns entitled to vote at the election of trustees for a common or progress committee?-Yes. J. S. (Coffs Harbor) : tes.-R. G. (Coffs Harbor) : 1. Yes. 2. No. 3. Yes.--Organist : 1\. You cannot prevent your father's name being retained. The present firm are simply carrying on the business in the old name, which no doubt they helped to establish. 2. See miscellaneous answers.-Alpha (Queensland) : 1. There would be no liability unless the kick was given mali ciously or through gross negligence or careless ness, 2. If you can prove you lent the money you can recover.-Subscriber (Adamstown) : The debt was barren after 20 years, un less theie was a payment on account or an acknowledgment in writing. Sun and Shade-Subscriber (Sydney) : If 208 deg represents the temperature in the shade, is it possible for the thermometer to register 157deg in the sun ? Pays on which hot winds are blowing or bush fires raging, also sandy districts, are excluded.-Yes, almost anything is possible if you place your thermometer in a favorable situa tion. For instance, pat a thermometer with a black bulb in a black box, and place a sheet of glass over the box In this way you will pro bably get a temperature much over thatpf boil ing water. Thermometers for taking sun temperatures are placed in a sealed glass tube from which the air has been expelled, and these give the sun temperature under conditions not found in daüy life. There is no instiument made, which gives satisfactorily the temperature in the sun as we feel it. Cement l'or Iron-D. W. (Goulburn) : Can you tell me of a cement to make a joint between two pieces of ii on or steel ?-A cement which has been successfully used for the cementing of iron railing tops, iron gratings to stoves, &c;, is pre pared in the following manner : Take equal parts of sulphur and white lead, with about one-sixth of borax, and incorporate them so as to form one homogeneous mass. rJefore applying the cement wet it with strong sulphuric acid, and place a thin layer of ib between the two pieces of iron, which should then be pressed together. In about a week it will be perfectly dry, and the iron will havo the appearance of having been welded together. Another which may answer your purpose is sal ammoniac, 2oz ; sublimed sulphur, loz ; cast iron filings or fine turnings, llb. Grind these in a mortar'and keep thepowder dry. When it is to be used, mix it with 20 times its weight of* clean iron tui nings or filings, and grind the whole in a mo tar. Reduce it with water to a proper consistence and apply it to the joint. After a time it becomes as hard and strong as any part of the metal. IiOSS of Hair-Three Star, Nemo : 1. What is the cause of hair falling, out during hot weather, and growing again in cooler weather? Debility, following an attack of sickness, or a naturally weak constitution may be the cause. Persons who have suffered with typhoid fever are very liable to lose their hair in this manner. The only remedy is to eat sound, nutritious food, and to take a course of tonic medicine. The use of the following mixture will aid in strengthening the hair and promoting its growth : Take 4oz oil of sweet almonds, loz of white wax, -¿oz sal vola tile, ldr tincture of canthai ides, 6d worth of oil of bergamot. Preparation : Get a small sauce pan, and fill it about a quarter full of water. Then procure a small pot or jar-something like a small-sized marmalade ja«-and place it in the water in the pan. First put the wax in the jar. The wax will soon melt. Then pour in the oil, which will cause it to solidify again. When it has again melted, remove from the fire, and add the sal volatile, scent, &c.; It must be kept stirred up until it becomes cold ; or the different articles will not be properly mixed. 2. The sensation is probably caused by unstrung nerves. Piccalilli Pickles, &c.; \- Housewife (Lochiel) : 1. A recipe for apple cider appeared on January 16. 2. How is elderberry vinegar made ?-Take of bruised berries and brown sugar each |lb, and macerate in lgal of water for 24 hours. Draw off the liquor and proceed as for cider vinegar. 3. How to make piccalilli pickle ? -To each gallon of strong vinegar add 4oz curry powder, 4oz ilour of mustard, 3oz bruised ginger, 2oz turmeric, 8oz skinned shallots, 2oz garlic, -Jib salt, and 2dr cayenne pepper. The shallots and garlic should be slightly baked. Bruise all these well in the vinegai-, then put the whole in an enamelled saucepan, and simmer yeutly for a time. Now place m a jar gherkins, sliced cucumbers, sliced onions, button onions, cauliflower, celery, French beans and chillies. All except the chillies should be parboiled in salt and water, drained, and dried on a cloth before the fire. Over these pour the prepared pickle, cork, and store in a cool place. 4. The matter is under consideration. 5. If carefully prepared, home-made pickles tasto decidedly botter than the pickles of commerce. The Zone System-Season Ticket (Bur wood) : In Hungary, where the zone system has recently boen adopted. That country has been divided into zones, having Buda-Pesth for their centre, each zone up to the thirteenth varying between 9 and 15 miles in bieadth. The four teenth zone includes all the rest of the country. The scale of fares is lOd, and 5d per zone for the three classes respectively, so that a fare from one place to another is easily calculated. Thus from Buda-Pesth to Krondstadt, a distance of 457 miles, the fare third- class is Gs 8d, or at the rate of six miles for ld. This charge is liable to a deduction of one-half in the cass of agricultural laborers journeying in parties of 10, or workmen of other kinds in groups of 30. Previous to this innovation, railway travelling was cheapest in Norway, being at the rate of 4s per 100 miles third class. At the opposite extreme in Turkey, where the same distance costs ¿El 14s 2d, first class; 19s 2d, second class ; and 12s ld, third class; whereas in Great Britain the charge for the same journey is 19s 2d, 13s 4d, and 7s lld. In Denmark and Sweden one may travel third class 100 miles for 8s lld; in Belgium, for 4sl0d; in Germany, Eussia, and Holland, for 6s 8d ; in Switzerland, for 6s lld ; in Italy and Portugal, .for 7s ld ; in Austria, for 7s 6d ; in Spain, for 7s lld: in France, for 8s 9d. Chocolate Creams-L. and M. (Hill End) : Kindly give me a recipe for making chocolate creams and French jellies.-Chocolate creams : To every pound of sifted su ar add -Jpt of water and a pinch of cream of tai tar. Mix the sugar and water together, and put it over a hot fire. When it comes to the boil it should be of the consistency of jelly. When it has reached the desired heat take it off the fire, and set it in a cool place or in a tub of water. .While the mix ture is still warm, but not hot, Btir it briskly until it turns a creamy texture. Before stirring it may be flavored as desired. Boll small .pieces of the cream to the shape of marbles, and place them on stiff glazed paper to harden a little on the outside. Fut some chocolate in a basin, which set in hot water till the chocolate is dissolved. When it is all melted drop the balls of cream into it; two or three at a time. Then take them out with a fork and put them on a glazed paper to dry. French jellies : Fill the mould by degrees ; the jelly first, the fruits chosen afterwards. Let the mixture set between each layer as put in before adding the next; the mould being im mersed in ice all the while. When ready to serve, dip in lukewarm water ; dry with a cloth ; and turn out on a dish. Preserved fruits may be UBed. Cleanse them first, decorating the mould according to taste; and add a little jelly at a time till cold, filling by degrees, and proceeding as above. The Elizabeth-The brig Elizabeth, 174 tons, Philipine, master, arrived at this port from a whaling voyage on February 14, 1841 ; the schooner Elizabeth, 30 tons, Geo. Bowen, master, arrived from Port Phillip on June 9, 1841 ; the ship Elizabeth, 950 tons, James Moffat, master, arrived from Liverpool with 350 immigrants on August 23, 1841 the barque Elizabeth, 885 tons, E. Weighhill, master, art i ved from London on September 5, 1841; the schooner Elizabeth, 51 tonB, James Smith master, arrived from Adelaide on April .9, 1842; the cutter Elizabeth, 13 tons, Morton master, arrived from New Zealand on July 5, 1843; the barque Elizabeth, 174 tons, E. Jones master, arrived at this port from the South Sea Islands on the following dates, viz., September 28, 1843, June 30, 1845, September 30, 1845, J une 10, 1846, and in command of N. Pearce on April 15, 1847, and also on December 10, 1847, in command of N. Eule; the schooner Elizabeth, 34 tons, Johnson master, arrived from Auckland -on September 8, 1845; the ship Elizabeth, 404 tons, T. Darmandaris master, arrived from Tabita*on February 2, 1846, and also from a whaling voyage on November 30, 1848; the schooner Elizabeth, Jos. Theobold master, arrived from Launceston on April 13, 1846 ; the schooner Elizabeth, 68 tons, J. C. Foyle master, arrived from Adelaide on May 7, 1850; and the schooner Elizabeth, J. S. Prout master, 38 tons, arrived on June 30, 1850. It is probable that this vessel returned to port, as Sydney is recorded as the port from whence Bhe sailed. These particulars, with those already given you, are all we know about the Elizabeth. Swede Turnips-Olive (Bulli) : The period you mention to sow is quite late enough, but pro viding you have a mild autumn you would most probably get a good crop, supposing your condi tions were good. The quantity of manure neces sary depends entirely upon the state of your soil at present. If it has been cropped and exhausted, 20 tons per acre of good, well-decomposed barn yard manure will be reauired. If the land is in fair average fertile condition, half thiB quantity might do. The land must be well prepared, ploughed, ha> rowed, smoothed, cross-ploughed, and drilled. Scatter the manure in the drills, cover up by splitting the drills, sow the seed. Common purple top yellow Bwede would perhaps answer your Boil and Veason very well. From 31b to 4lb of seed per acre ßhould do. Roll lightly after sowing. The best artificial manures to apply are dissolved bones or super phosphates, bonedust, bone powder, and guano. When it is desired to apply these latter the barn yard manure should be iii st spread in the drills, the drills lightly harrowed down, and then the bonedust or guano, as the case may be, scattered broadcast over the surface. The quantity of bonedust to apply may be about 2$cwt per acre, and of guano 2cwt per acre. . In case no stable manure is to be applied at all, a mixture of 2cwt of guano, and from 2cwt to 5cwt of bonedust, mixed and drilled in, will answer every purpose. This is the quantity for medium poor, clayey soil. A top dressing of lime, 1 ton to the acre, might do some good, providing your soil contains plenty of organic substances in the shape of vegetable matter. Older potatoes than you mention had better be used for seed. Miscellaneous-J. C. (Numurkah): 1. The rainfall has not been recorded in the town of Parkes for so long a period as 10 years, but stations round it show that the average for 10 years is about 22in. 2. The country is suit able for both sheep and wheat growing. -Organist : MÍSB Jennie Lee is in Brisbane, or at least was there the other day playing in the I Christmas pantomime.-G. C. (Toowoomba, Q.) : Pelts ie a trade term, and signifies that the I wool has been removed and the skins soaked in , lime water preparatory to tanning.--C. J. S. ' (Mount Browne) : Certainly not. The circus i occupied a site some distance from the Zoological Gardens. We remember no case where a circus was allowed to occupy the grounds, and it is highly improbable that anv such occurrence took nlace. -Farmer (Noorong) : Second-hand used f ur niture and eÛActs accompanying a passen«er, and which have been used by such passenger, and are not imported for sale, are admitted free if not exceeding ¿¿50 value. There is a duty on im ported inachifragj?. Curio (Port Macquarie) : Krefft's book on^' Australian Snakes " is out of print. Tou might obtain a second-hand copy by advertising in the TOWN AND COTJNTBT JOURNAL and EVENING NEWS.-Farmer (Parkes) : Five per cent, ad valorem duties were imposed in 1886 by the DibbB Ministry.-Nemo (Lochinvar) : The result appeared in the Sydney papers. The correct number was 2128 -Alpha (Mackay): We do not know of any practical method whereby they may be restored. \--H. L. iHavl : Can L arfish be causrht with hook and bait?-YG\\.--E. P. (Maryborough, Q.) . It is quite possibe that such a machine was exhibited. Phonographs were shown in Sydney before Edison's virfected machine was brought here.-Pearler (Ashfield): The papers in New Caledonia are "L'Avenir de la Nouvelle Cale'donie" and "Neo Calédonien.'' -J. K. (Belltrees) : No such name appears |in the "Sydney Directory."--Planter: Bananas will grow in the district named, but we have not heard of any coffee being grown- so far south. Coffee can be grown to perfection on the volcanic hills near Lismore on the Bichmond River. Doubtless the coffee plant would grow a consider able distance farther south.-California (Rand wick) : Paragraphs appear in the paper occa sionally to the effect that work is pro greasing; beyond which nothing is known. You should communicate with the promoters. -Loyal (Monaro): A matter of this kind should be referred to the secretary of the society. But as the matter is of interest to so many the amended rule is appended :-Eule 39 : A member whose name has been erased from the books of this order for arrears of contributions, &c;, and being again desirous of rejoining the society, shall, in addition to the regular initiation fee, pay the amount owing by him when suspended, to gether with all accrued arrears for a period of 52 weeks; such arrears to be paid to the court who suspended him. -W. S. (Brewarrina) : 1. Turn up your file of the JOURNAL for about three months back and you will find it fully described. 2. Fares from Sydney to Brisbane are ¿83 and £110s.--Novice (Queensland) : 1. Yes. 2. Muscovy drake and duck. -Mount Cotton : 1. After a wound, whether the result of accident or of operation by the surgeon, blood-poisoning may occur. Sepsis or putrefaction is the most evident local condition which, has been associated by clinical observers with blood- poisoning, and hence the term " septicaemia." We do not know of any book which would Buit you. The principal works on the subject abound in techical terms, which would only bewilder a layman. 2. It is not the name of a medicine, but of a disease, as you would have discovered by Consulting a reliable dictionary. -Albury : 1 and 2. Communicate with any leading ironmonger in Sydney. 2. It would depend on the surrounding circumstances. 3. The symptoms denote a torpid liver, for which you should take ginger and rhubarb pills on retiring, and a dose of fruit salt ou rising in the mornine. The occasional use of lemons will do no harm.--Gympie (Queensland) : No reliable information on this point is obtainable in Sydney^ Write totheeditorof8omepaperin West Australia. -Raleigh (Morpeth) : If he is well up in his business and understands book-keeping and possesses a fair education, he would not have much difficulty in procuring a situation. The wajfos paid depend on the proficiency of the appli cant. We should advise you to advertise in the TOWN AND COUNTRY JOUBNAL, which circulates in all the colonies. An advertisement of 42 words would cost 3s.--- W. J. (Lake Cudgellico) : We think your best plan would be to advertise your requirements in the TOWN AND COUNTRY JOURNAL. J. H. (Cumberland-street) : Pyrethrum powder is about the besj^ The process of pre paring the ot^l^r is a trade secret. -Syntax (Armi«H: The best route to Broken Hill is, ArmidalerMÍo Sydney, ¿62 ; Sydney to Adelaide (rail) ¿84, (steamer) ¿03; Adelaide to Cockburn, 32s; Cockburn to Broken Hill by tram way, about 6s Gd. 