BOB MARTIN'S UTTLE GIRL. By DAVID CHRISTIE MURRAY, Author of 'Joseph's Coat,' 'Aunt Rachel,' 'EainbowGold,' &c;, &c;, &c; (Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter XXIV. Next morning found Dom on his way to London. He had shaved and dressed with an unusual and scrupulous care, and in his black frock coat, broad cravab, and silk hab had very much the look of a general retired from active service. The little bit of red ribbon in the left lappel of his coat helped to lend him an air of distinction, and he sab with his gloved hands crossed on the knob of his walking-stick, so motionless and so resolute in aspecb thab his fellow- passengers stared a good deal ab him and exchanged glances with each other. His military asnect bv no means foliari his temnnr. for he was in the mood to scale a fortress single handed. Nor was the service on which he had entered devoid of danger. He proposed no less to himself than flatly to accuse John Hetheridge of murder. Hetheridge by this time occupied a high place in London financial circles, was absolutely free of suspicion of foul play _ in any direction, highly i^pected, and was in general almost inaccessible to accusa tion. ' What do I know ?' Dom asked himself in in silence as he rode. 'Let me see how the chain holds. Link one : Hetheridge has known an Andre Dom in Australia; he is ab least familiar with the name, and waa as likely to lave used that as any other. Link two - 3efore he went oub to Australia his hatred of iedwood was a matter of common know ledge ; he had threatened to have the life of any man who married Ellice Greenaway. jink three- he loses himself in the bush, learns of the rumor of his own death, and finds 'himself, if ib so please him, effaced from the world. Link four : He does actually efface himself, denying his own name to the men who rescued him. Link five : There are two years in his career for which he declines to account to anybody. Link six : He appears in Wellsted in his own person on the day after the murder. Link seven : The murdered man is hardly cold in his grave when Hetheridge begins to make approaches to the widow. Link eight : He hears my name called and turns in a horrible agony of fear. Link nine : He pre tends not to know a word of French and listens quaking whilst I speak of the murder in thab language. Is there a link missing anywhere ? No. The chain will hold ! There were other considerations yeb which weighed with him. From the moment at which the suspicion he had carried so long in silence had dawned upon him he had lost no opportunity of enquiring into Hebheridge's past and into the history of the elder Bed wood. He had learned of Hetheridge's ground less belief in the dishonesty of the murdered man's father. He had learned further thab Redwood had been without an enemy in the world save Hetheridge. Further yet, he knew that the Andre Dom who had committed the murder had no cause of quarrel whatever with his victim. Coupling all these facts with the strange evanishment of so marked a figure as the murderer he seemed to himself to have forged a chain as strong as death. - Whether he were right or wrong, and no shadow of a doubt assailed his mind, he felt now that this crisis had arrived, that he was pushed on by an inexorable necessity, a duby which could nob be denied or shirked. Terrible as the possibility of a marriage between George and Ellice had appeared to him, even bhab shrank into nothing by bhe side of bhe incredi ble atrocity of that second union which was made contingent on the first. He had asked himself over and over again 'Why do I make this my business, but always to answer thab no man nob sunk in the most desperate sloughs of indifference could fail to make it his business if he guessed the truth. Arrived in London he betook himself to a chophouee that he knew, drank a glass of wine there, as an excuse for asking for a sight of the London Directory, and in a few minutes was master of Hetheridge's address. He mounted a passing omnibus and alighted near Hethe ridge's place of business, where he walked resolutely in and presented his card. One of Hetheridge's clerks carried the card to his employer, who barely glanced at it and threw it aside. 'Ask him his business,' he said, almost snappishly. The mere name came as a great shock to him, bub he continued to bear ib and show no sign. The clerk returned. ' The gentleman says his business is private but very urgent.' 'Then tell him,' Hetheridge returned, ' to write about ib.' Again the clerk retired and again returned. ' The gentleman insists on a personal inter view, sir.' 'Tell him I'm engaged and can't see him.' Once more the clerk retired and again re turned. 'The gentleman says he w'sU wait until yon can.' 'Tell him,' snapped Hetheridge, 'to go to the'deviL' Thef clerk finally retired bub forbore to de liver the message as given, softening it on his own responsibility into the statement that Mr. Hetheridge declined to receive the visitor. 'That, said Dom, 'is link number ten,' though on reflection he saw thab ib was scarcely worth while to attach so much importance to a busy man's refusal to receive a visitor who de clined to disclose his business. 'We shall see if he will see me,' said Mon sieur Dom aloud, and baking a seat in the outer office he produced a newspaper purchased on the journey and began steadfastly to read. The hour approached ab which Hetheridge invariably went out for luncheon and he was in the act of putting on his gloves when the clerk who had brought him news of Doni's arrival en tered the room with a bundle of papers, which he laid upon the table. 'I beg your pardon, sir,' said the clerk, 'but the' gentleman is still waiting.' ' Very well,' said Hetheridge, throwing his gloves back into the hat from which he had taken them. ' I won't be troubled with the fellow. Impudent begging letter impostor. Send round for luncheon. I will bake ib here.' Monsieur Dom was nob rendered so insensible to the ordinary business of life by the agita tion of bis errand, but thab the odor of the viands which passed into the inner office re mined him that his own luncheon hour had passed. He stuck stolidly to his post, how ever, though once or twice he thought of his pipe with a yearning. For the first time in his life he read the advertisement columns of a great London journal and he had ample time to read them nearly all. He found a trivial, dreary sorb of interest in them, though his mind never really wavered from his mission for an instant. Four o'clock came and the clerk whom he had originally addressed accosted him. 'We're going to clear out now, sir. You won't Eee Mr. Hetheridge to-day.' ' We shall see about that,' Dom answered. ' I forgot to tell your,' said the clerk with something of a facetious air, .'that Mr. Hetheridge left the offices by the back way an hour and a half ago.' Monsieur Dom had no belief in the existence of a back way, the responsible-looking business man, coming out of the inner room ab this minute and. walking briskly away with a crisp good afternoon to his subordinates he began to Bee that the acbual closing time had arrived and that he would have little opportunity of wait ing further. The clerks themselves locked up their desks and exchanged their office coats for smarter garments. 'Now, eir, if you please,' said one of them and he walked perforce on to the landing. The outer door of the office snapped behind him, the clerks with an explosion of laughter dashed clattering down the stairs and he was lefo alone. He followed the retreating footsteps slowly down the street, which juab then was thronged with hurrying figures. Three minutes later he stood in solitude and only the rumble of near and distant traffic was lefo to tell him that London was nob suddenly transformed into a desert. He walked thought fully up and down, keeping the entrance to the offices constantly in view, and by and bye a lonely poliseman walking towards him he hailed htm and posed a question. 'Is there any way back into this row of buildings ?' 'No, sir,' returned the officer. 'The only entrance is from the front.' 'Thank you,' said Monsieur Dom, smiling grimly. 'Thab will do.' ;' He walked up and down the deserted pave ment, whilst the afternoon sunshine and its fol lowing shadow slid higher and higher up the walls of the house opposite. He saw it redden the high chimney pots and disappear, and still he paced up and down with a constant eye upon the doorway. The rumbling of traffio in -the near and distant streets lulled and swelled, lulled and swelled again, and after one pro longed roar like that of a sea grinding on a lighter went his rounds. The stars began to twinkle faintly in the paling sky. An oppres sive silence reigned, broken only by the sound of Monsieur Dom's own footsteps. The dusk of night was falling thickly round him, when at last bis resolute patience was rewarded and Hetheridge came out upon the street glancing swiftly and suspiciously this way and that along the street. As ib chanced Dom stood in the shadow and. a lamp imme diately opposite the entrance to the offices revealed Hetheridge quite plainly. After an instant's pause he turned, unconscious for the moment of pursuit, and walked with a gait too relaxed and shaken for a man of his years -along the etreet. Dom followed with a swift and resolute step and laid his hand upon his shoulder. 'Excusez moi, monsieur, patiey-vous Fran cais?' ' No,' said Hetheridge bluntly and walked on. 'Excwez moi, encore,' pursued Dom, sar HI tit' 8— 5 , 1 5 domcally, and then in the same laneuam* 'Monsieur compels me to informs hinTtaafctS fee liar.' ' ™ He had marked (Kit his plan of campaign an* was determined on one swift coup. Hetheridge started at the reply thus flung at him, but- possessed himself again, walked eta and made no sign. 'Monsieur had nob understood that obser vation,' continued Monsieur Dom, still cling ing to his native tongue. 'Very good. We will try another. Monsieur will permitf me to inform him that I accuse him to his face ? ' he paused of set purpose aad Hetheridge looked ab him, his writMng face ghastly in the gloom, 'I charge him to his face as a murderer.' Hetheridge gave a gasping cry and staggered forward, and if Dom had nob supported him h& would have fallen. ' Ah,' said Dom, dropping the tone of cruel badinage he had hitherto adopted, bub still speaking in his own tongue, '' you understand me now.' ' No,' said Hetheridge, beside himself with horror, ' pas un mot. Je ne parle pas Francais' JeleJure.' Scattered as he wits were, he had scarcely spoken the words when he recognised his own amazing folly. The street rocked and whirled with him. There were dancing sparks of fire and blackness before his eyes, and there was a sick frost of terror in his heart. His accuser stood regarding him in silence, and that silence lasted, to Hetheridge's fancy, for a long space of time, though in reality ib was bub brief. 'I have trapped jou at last, fox that you are,' said Dom. Hetheridge's mind began once more to serve him. How much did the man know? How much was guesswork? He felt that his own best safeguard lay for the time in silence. Waa it vengeance, or justice, or blackmail ? How did he know that he really had anything to fear? ' I shall have to talk with you,' Dom said. 'You will not refuse me an audience this time, I think.' 'I am not well.' said Hetheridge, speaking in English. ' I have not been well for months past. I did nob know you ab first. You startled me. I thought you meant to rob me.' ' Where shall we have our talk?' Dom de manded. He still spoke in his own language, but Hetheridge was not to be further beguiled. He feigned not to understand and murmured something about getting old before his time. He was horribly shaken, but he purposely ex aggerated his own symptoms to gain time and to recover his power of fence. Dom disdained a subterfuge and addressed him in English— 'Where shall we go?' 'There is an hotel not far away,' said Hetheridge. ' If you would help me to ib I should take it as a favor.' Dom seized him by the arm and led him in the direction he had indicated. ' Not so fast,' said Hetheridge. ''I am not strong, and a shock of this kind unmans me. Was it you who called this morning 1 I had forgotten your name until I recognised you a moment back. You should have sent in a state ment of your business. Perhaps yon 'may be able to tell me its nature by-and-bye when I have recovered myself a little.' He spoke with halting breath and with a strange catch in his voice. These came by nature, but he made them more marked than they need have been. Dom watched aud questioned within himself. The shock might) have positively upset the villain's faculties for the moment, or he might be foxing. Hetheridge, walking with apparent diffi culty, indicated the turnings to be taken by a wordless gesture, and in a few minutes they reached an old fashioned city hotel and entered together, Dom still retaining his hold upon his captive's arm. 'Let us have a private room,' he said to a waiter who lounged in bhe passage. 'ThJ3 gentleman and I have business together.' ' And send me a glass of brandy and water,' said Hetheridge. 'lam not very well. I have received a shock.' The waiter obeyed their orders and they were left alone in a sombre and ill-lighted room. Hetheridge sank into a chair, drank his brandy and water ab a gulp, and bhen with an admirable assumption of a return to com monplace drew one leg across the other and clasped his ankle with both hands, looked up with the air of one who awaits a communica tion. ' I am better now,' he said. ' Perhaps you will unfold your business.' ' I will beg you, for your own sake nob bo play the fool with me,' Dom answered in a guarded voice. 'My business is to tell you that your wicked villainy is detected at last, beyond a doubt.' 'My villainy !' said Hetheridge. He panted and trembled still and the sick trost still had possession of his heart, but he was master of. ' ' his own resources once more. The fight was one for life or death and no audacity could harm. ''My villainy; that is a strange 'begin- ning, Mr. Dom.' Whatever shred or tatter of doubt -had ex isted in Dom's mind before he had accosted Hetheridge in the street had been swepi away forever. He answered sternly— ' You will find it useless to equivocate.' 'Describe the villainy,' said Hetheridge, with a puzzled air and with a touch of anger as well as of bewilderment in bis tone. 'Giro a name to it.' ' Murder is its name,' said Dom. ' I da nounce you as the murderer of George Red wood.' 'You denounce me,' Hetheridge began, but Dom cut him short. 'I denounce you as the murderer of George Redwood at TJpnor in bhe October of eighteen fifty-nine.' ' ''My dear sir,' cried Hetheridge, 'this passes patience. Was it to make this insana accusation that you waited on me this morning ?' Dom rose to a white heat within, but kept) passably cool on the outside in face of this astonishing effrontery. 'You play to Save your neck,' he said. 'Very good. It is natural thab you should play a bold and cunning game. Do you know George Cashmore f He pub the question with a disconcerting suddenness and watched like a hawk for its effect. ' No,' said Hetheridge. ' I never heard of the man.' 'That,' returned Dom, 'is what George, Cashmore said of John Hetheridge, though he and John Hetheridge were the same.' 'I am sorry to see you qualifying for a madhouse at this rate,' Hetheridge answered scornfully. ' Wait a moment,' cried Dom, 'and listen to me. I will bring a score of witnesses to swear thab you threatened George Redwood's life. I will bring two men to swear thab when you were lost in the Australian bush you hid your name from the men who rescued you. I will prove that you reached Wellsted on the day after the murder. I will prove thab for two years you can give no account of your time that can be corroborated. I can prove you knew the man whose name you passed under in England. I saw your face when you heard the name called out seven years after the murder. I know that not another man in the world had a grudge against George Redwood.' ' And then ? said Hetheridge. ' These ara all interesting circumstances doubtless, and some of them are true enough. Do you con sider what you are doing, Mr. Dam ? You are bringing the exavest charge known to the law against a man whose character has never been impeached till now. How do you suppose that a magistrate will receive your statement if you are so very ill advised as to give me iu charge?' He melted like wax before a surprise, bub he was adamant to stand a siege. He had never in his life heid all his faculties better in command than he did now. His coolness foiled Dom alto gether and filled him with so bitter a sense of impotence and exasperation thab for a moment he could find no words. 'My poor, dear friend George Redwood,' Hetheridge continued, ' was murdered by a Frenchman, a man who bore your name, as you have reason to remember. That man was known more or less to every inhabitant of TJpnor.' 'You were that man,' said Dom. 'My dear, good madman, let ma ask you how it came about if I were that man that I visited Upnor only a day or two after the murder and was not denounced. Everybody who knew the man knew me. Why have I gone scot free all these years 1' 'Because of your own infernal cunning,' said Dom, choking with discomfiture and wrath. 'Of course,' said Hetheridge, nursing his ankle in both hands and looking Dom quite, steadily in the face. ' Of course, the question, stands absurdly outside the limits of discussion, but if it pleases you we will submit the whole thing to arbitration. We will call in, let us say, the landlord, who knows me very well and you shall tell your story. If he believes it you. snail give me- in charge and if he doesn'a believe it you shall allow me to present you at Bedlam as a person unfit to be a large.' ' What I know,' cried Dom, starting to his, feet, ' I know. I have seen guilt in your factx,' Twice I have seen it. There was a plain con fession there to-night. I will track you yet. '£ will trace every day of those two hidden year 3. I dedicate my life to that task and I will spa- ad my last farthing on it.' 'My dear friend,' said Hetheridge, totally unmoved on the outside ; 'ib matters litMe to me what purpose you devote your life tr j. If you go on as you are doing lt» will very shortly matter very little to anybody.' . 'Youdevilishliarandimpostor, ciy.ed Dom, falling back upon his native tongua again in^ the extremity of his anger. . 'Plait— U, monsieur V said He.tfrendge.Vith sardonic coolness. 'You see, ho sai -j «I know a -word or two of your dehghtf M\ u,a. Ruaee, Mr. Dom. I don'fc priten^ to any serious knowledge of it, but I fin j 1 under stand a little now and then. l*er aap3 on ta9 whole it might not be amiss » *?*» were to S »y ?goodnight.' You nifty be *a c|1?vPr ^.Tr»i : pleafe and as cheeky as you, pleaae. but 1 jif?r ? no blackmail*' '; Dem felt Ids own impotence too keenly to nro loug the struggle. ' in His good time.' . He went away cheeked,- dispirited, andeeem- ' ing aged [by a dozen years as fie crept from *he . hotel which .he ha&entered; to confidently. But at that yery hour 1-f emeeis was astir. Cbapter XXV. . . On the morning of the day on which Dam wb outfor£ond©n young Rsdwopd rose =early after a sleepleES night. In middle age adight anxjety may. rob -a man of his skuabers, htibfb takes something serious to make the night of a wholesome lad of 23 altogether feverish and sn restfuL He had counted the stokes trf the village clock as it struck the quarters and the : hours and had faced a thousand phantoms before the grey dawnglimmered on the window blind. Before the day had well declared it- . - self he rose and dressed in stealthy quietj fear ing to disturb his mother, and having, foraged for a glass of milk and a oni&t;, took up his gun, thrust a double.handfuLof cartridges into his pocket, and strolled towards the . Weybridge Woods, less with intent against the rabbits there than to five his mind a chance of clearing itself .in the fresh air of morning from the -vagabond fancies of the nigho. Fer aJaadowfier-i a man of exceptionally old family, -and a Tory, Me, Weybridge had. one remarkable characteristic. He was an ardent opposer of the game laws and steadfastly re fused tOTpreEerve his shooting, and ever since George luid been of an age to carry a gun be had .had the freedom of wood and warren. So far as the -rabbits were concerned his license lasted all the year round and constant practice had made him a dead shot. He had; not walked far when the faithful Sam appeared in sight aatS aSonee attached himeelf to the young favorite as a matter of comse. Sam was an early riser -by old habit and always smoked his first pipe in the open air, unless held in -doors by -extreme etress of weather. When the first greetings were over George showed himself indisposed to talk, and Sam yielding obedience to bis mood they rambled on in silence. The rabbits seemed unusually plentiful that morning, but George threw away half a dozen chances and missed two or three «asy shots. 'Here, Earn,' he said at length, handingthe gun tonis companion ; 'you'd better try your hand. I'mmo good -this jnormng. I don't feel as if I cared about it.' gem recalled bis own sensations in early courtship, when 'Tilda had chosen to be too t»y or too exacting. Too much disposed in one way or' another to test the limits of her power, and he came to the cenolusian that Miss Hetheridge had been ' playing ap ' with . her sweetheart. ' That'll tie all right in' a day or two,' said Sam, within .hunselfj ' but itfs nasty *nd un He grew very keen on the shooting, wHoh was. a rare form of sport witsh him iadsuon forgot to notice his qomrade'is dejeoted manner. . When he had arolled over half a dozen rabbits, the sound of a gun not far away aSBverberated through tile woods and George took back bis own piece. - A rabbit darting across ihe. path a moment later he fired. ? '? Hullo f ' called -a hearty voice -at some little distance. 'Who's out there ?' 'taon'fe know that voice,' said Sam. 'Who is it?' ' Idont know iteither,' Bedwood answered, but he shonted-back-is answer to the bail- . A-eraeHing noise -was heasd as of -some heavy body forcing its way through the dry under growth. It came nearer, and by-and-bye an unusually portly gentleman, elderly and white of beard, but florid in complexion and with eyes as bright as a bird's, stepped out upon the path. He stared at Redwood almost as if he had seen a ghost. ' Upon' my soul,' he said, as if to himself, 'I never saw such a 1ikftTiP,SB in my life. You've forgotten me, I suppose, young gentle man?' 'Tfo, indeed, Sir Eustace,' Bed wood an swered. ' By Gad,' said the baronet, shaking hv** warmly by the hand, 'I should have known you anywhere. I -should have recognised you in the middle of the great Sahara. Such an extraordinary likeness I can't remember to have seen. You're your father over again—' even to the little bits of side whisker,' he added, moving his -head from side to side as - his keeneyes took stock of George. 'Mymother tells me so,' Ued wood answered, ' but a little miniature we have at home tells quite a different story.' 'Well,' said Sir Eustace, 'FJ1 back your mother against the miniature. 'Sbtfre out' early,' cried Sir Eustace in his jolly way ' Sb ami. I like to taste the day when, it's fresh, and there's no better companion than a gun. This one isn't much use to me,' he continued, holding out the weapon he earned.' 'Stook'-s ? too long. Can't get the confounded thing: to my shoulder. And how are you, and how's - your mother? I got down last night,' he went on, without waiting for a reply to these queries. . ' I heard you'd called, but I was chatting with my sister at the .time. And how's old Dam? Good chap, Dom. Knows his business. Wey bridge gets all the prizes now. I did when old Dom was with me. First rate - fellow, Dam.' you before somewhere.'3 ' WelJ, you have, boss, and that's a fast,? - Sam answered. ' Ithought so,' said Sir Eustace staring at him. 'Where was it ?'J Sam gave bias mysterious, sidelong- motion of the head to indicate that iie would- rather answer this question in private. Redwood ob serving this strolled aTew'paeesaway, apdSam ' with a repetition of the sidelong motaon-and throwing, ina mysterious wink with it, led Sir - Eustace in an opposite direction. ' The young boss has never been told abDnb it,' he whispered, 'and I don't want him to' know. Him and me's been mates ever since he was that high. I was brought up before you,' said^Sam leaning forward and breathing hard into ihe baronet's ear, 'on suspicion of \- his father.' Sir Eustace started back in a momentary astonishment. 'Ah,' he. said, *'I remember now:' He looked Sam up and down in some wonderment at die respectability of his appearance. 'And what are you doing here ?' 'Well, it's this way, boss. Pmalivin' on my income.' 'Oh,' said Sir Eustace dryly, 'you'reone of -the local gentry, areyou?' 'They call -me a gentleman on the voting list,' Sam answered with a-perfeet simplicity, 'but that don't make a heap o' difference. I don't set much etoreby-it anyhow. Itdoesn'fc make much difference in the price o* tea, does it, boss?1 'As I seem to remember,' Sir Eustace answered, 'tea was not your beverage when I made your acquaintance.' 'It isnowthough,' Sam returned, 'and has been this many a year. It's like this, you know——' 'Well,. I'm glad you've reformed,'1 said Sir Eustace, cutting: hinvshort majestically. 'It was ariHK mat leu you mio mat scrape, my good fellow.' ' Rigbtyouare, bass;'' Samassentediwarmly. 'Right you -are. But it- was like this, you know ? r' 'Redwood,' Sir Eustace shouted and marched off after the youngster somewhat im politely to Sam's way of - thinking, George paused till -the baronet overtook him, and Sam fdllowing'sauntered in the rear. 'You've taken your degree?' said Sir Eustace. He looked- with evident admiration at the stalwart well set-up young1 fellow beside him. 'Trinity Hall, I think; they said. And now what areyori going to do wiibhyourself ?' ' I mean to make a civil engineer/' George . answered. 'Tm off to liege in a week -or two to get an insight into the practical part of the business.' 'Thatfe well,' said Sir Eustace. 'Nothing like having -an occupation' if you wish to be happy, rve been obliged to put up with hobbies all my life. A profession would have been the making of me. What are you doing to-day?' George confessed that he had -nothingspecial on hand. . . . 'Then,' said the baronet, 'come and break fast with me. Seven o'clock's my time. Wey bridge won't be down till'eight. and I shall be lonely. * Directly after breakfast Em going to ' have a shy at some of those giant carp in the park pool Gome and join, and we'll make a merry morning of it.' 'Thank you, .Sir Eustace/' said the young, ster, 'I will with' pleasure. I must let my mother' know where lam, but Sam will see to that for me.' He turned to Potter,, who was ' lounging tranquilly in the rear, pipe in mouth. *' I'm going to breakfast with Sir Eustace' Wyncombe, Sam,' he said. -'? Will you call as you .go home and let my mother know ? And, by the way, Til tell you what you might do for me. You might go into my room and get my fishing tackle. I shall want—' and here he ran into details of rod, line, and bait. Sam .accepted the commission with alacrity.' ? 'Youil want somebody to punt you about, Master George,' he said. 'I'm the man for that job.3' « 'If Sir Eustace pleases,' George returned, and the 'baronet offering no opposition the arrangement was made. (3.0 he continued.; 