LADY'S LETTER FROM LONDON- London 15th February. Although tho extreme virulence of the in fluenza seems to have abated iu London, and we do not hear of many fresh oases, it .is the.con- atant themo of conversation, and thopubllo be- gin to (hinktho doctors and scientists should tollus-spmetliing more about its bature and cause how"that thoy have some timo left for in vestigation.! Nothing has yot been learned as to 'its precise nature, nor do all the experiments in tho-world soOm to throw any light upon it. Nevertheless, 'tho history of this dire plague is somewhat interesting to recall. . In a volume of BouithM Words for 1854, theroisgivena curious acoount of the rise and progress of the epidomio known as "influenza." The writer says it has raged about a score of times in Europo during tho last three centuries. It seems to be pro duced by some eubtle influeneo in tho air, and the Italians, therefore, oalled the whole disease "influenoe," or "influenza," 150 years ago. The Frenoh called it tho "grippe," because of its sudden nttnoks, and the old doctors call it "catarrh by contagion." It is accompanied with an enormous depression of spirits and vital energies. You can no more mistake the depression of influenza for the depression of a cold than you can mistake a well for a worm hole. The influonza of 1837 was praoticaliy more fatal than cholera, and it came upon us sud denly one night. On the 3rd April of tho year of its arrival a ship, the Stag, was coming up tho oliannol, and at 2 o'olook reached Berry Head— all well. There was an easterly wind blowing from the land, and in half an hour 40 of the men wero smitten with influenza, by 6 o'clock 60 were on the sick list with it, and hy 2 o'olock on the succeeding day there were 160 men laid up. On tho samo 3rd of April tho disease appeared in London, and on' the evening of that day the regiment on duty at Portsmouth wont to bed all well, but on the next morning there were not soldiers chough to get up and do garrisonduty. Tho "influonce" was upon them. It is, indeed, a ourious and most mysterious opidemio, and its well traced antiquity, for wo can trace it baok to the year 1510, does nothing to reconcilo ono to its unexpected and sudden attacks, ivhicb, however, are happily less fre quent day by day, although any certain ' means of prevention or euro nro yot to bo discovered. Thoso who love pictures iicod novcr atnrvofor want' of them in London.. Whether thoiargor galleries such as tho Acadomy aro open or not, there is always something good to' bo seen, and often to'bo purchased, in tho Haymarket, and Bond-strcflt private shows. Just now' there is' on exhibition in hlr. MaoLean'a gallery n charm ing littlo collebtibn of oil paintings, by nrtists'of tho Barbizon school — by which term one may now understand a brotherhood of artists, who follow tho methods of a numbir of well known paintors, who some years ago took up their quarters nt Barbizon. a locality near Paris, not far from Fontaincbleau, and then reproduced on oanvaswhat they saw in nature, without flattery or imagination. Millot, tho delightful artist known here by engravings and reproductions of some of liis beautiful paintings, is representative of this school. I bavo on my wall before me, a beautiful photogravure of ono of his beBt, called 'The Sowers.' He and thoBO of his sohool do not dress up their figures, or cause them to pose for tho purpose of being painted, Tbey paint a spade as a spado— not bright nnd shiny, as if it had just como out of tho ironmonger's shop, but with tbo brown soil or tho yellow marl to be seen on it. In Mao Lean's gallery thoro are several examples of Millet'H style, nnd the place of honor in the gallery is occupied by the Virgin and Child from his brush, originally intended for tho Church of Notre Dame de Lorette in Paris. This largo picture is less attractive to mo than many of his smaller ones. There are some excollent examples of Corot's paintings in ' this gallery, which inoline me to admiro this artist more than I have done before, notwith standing the value set on his pictures. There is a pleasing painting by N. Diaz, In the Forest at Fontainebleau, whioh Mr. Mao Lean told mo he had just sold for £2000. It is well for those who have money to spend in pictures to know what they arc buying, and not only to please their own taste, that is if tho pur chase partakes of the naturo of an investment. Thoso connoisseurs who nro clover enough to .deteot Intent genius in the works of a young; artist, do well to buy them, for if present judg ment be correct; a f ew years hbneo tho volue'oF' J such pictures will bo vastly . enhanoed, as the.:- painter's namo acquires distinction. I know an . early friond of Alfred Hunt who could now realise 10 times, the money paid for his youthful sketches and paintings. So with regard to Fredoriok Walker's premature death, which all who knew his pietures so much regretted. A. picture by him for which in bis iifo he reeoived £250 waa sold tho other day for £1500. More over, pietures cost nothing to keep, they neither eat nor drink, and, if really good, only grow in value, and give pleasure all the time thoy hang on one's walls. Messrs, Boussoa, Valadon and Co., whose premises are known as the Goupil Gallery in Bond-street, are now showing a collection of piotures by Theophile de Bock, a Dutoh artist who has gained a considerable reputation in bis native land, and Dutch people know when they see a good painting. Thoro are 70 of De Book s pictures in the Goupil Gallery now, evidently ' done under the most favornblo oiroumstaucos for discovering tho real beauties of nature whioh are seen only by the open air painter. De Book certainly belongs to the Barbizon school; for his oattie, liis foliego, and his ohoiceof subjects suggest — not a studio within four walls— but an artist who zealously plies hti craft in the face of nature,' whom he tries to represent as ho sees her, as in .one of his delightful piotures A. Favorite Spat. De Bock is not yet 40 years of ago, and has at tained several modals and honors in connection with hie art, and in 'his own country hlssketchca bavo nil sold well, for his work is varied, and he by no means confines himself to tho low lands of Holland with their wldo sketohos of ' water, but he has carefully studied the scenory of other" lands and lately made a pilgrimage to Fontainebleau, Barbizon, aiid Vilte D'Avray, to visit tbo spots consecrated by the works of Bos- seau, .'Diaz, Danbigny, and Corot, whom ho greatly admires. ' . The gloom which has hung over London sinoo Christmas seoms to be dispersing, and with the' return of coloured garments one can descry a' spirit of cheerfulness amongst one's friends which breaks out in pleasant invitations to visit' all available sights and shows, and to listen, to line music, or sco good acting wbon possible. Sydney' Grundy's clever play oalled A' Fool's Paradise, at tbo comfortable, woll ventilated, but not draughty, Garriok Theatre, is woll ' worth seeing. Either tho crime and conviction of Mrs. May briek suggested the motive of this play to Sir. Grundy, pr as somo Bay sho saw it ' performed under a different name, and the'in- oidents were carefully noted and harried out by her. This 1 do not believe at all,' although' oh " the stogo the behavior and elroumstances of 'thei husband poisoner, Mrs. Sslwyn, are almost identical with those of Mrs. Maybrick, except ing that her intentions were arrested beforea- fatal termination' oicourred, owing to the skill " of the family doctor, Sir Peter Lund, person; ated by Mr. Harp in his best manner. The distinguished physioian in inimitablo, and he discovers the treaohory of his patient's wife after many experiments, and arrests her designs, but she drinks the fatal poison herself and dies. Mr. Irving, jun., takes tho part of the long- Buflfering husband wonderfully well, and 'Miss - Olga-Nethersole, as his wifo, is not only- remarkable for tho skill with whioh Bhe as sumes the part, but for tbo good taste and beauty of her dresses. When theatre treats assume the gravity and importance of an evening with Mr. Beerbohra Tree, anything like n festive dinner beforehand is inappropriate, and it is certainly advisable' to dino lightly. Hamlet ie a play whioh demands undivided attention, for know tho text as per fectly as one may, thoro arc certain readings which every new actor introduces,, and little matters of stago business for whioh thore is no bard and fast rale to be found anywhere. Thus in the duel between Hamlet and Laertes tboro are some few diversions from the accustomed use of the weapons, whioh aro noticeable in Mr. Tree's treatment of the part. Mr. Tree is cer tainly the best Hamlot I ever saw, and Bccms to me to enter into the spirit of the oharnator mora entirely than cither Bean, Fechtor or Irving, all' of whom I' well rccolleot. No wander that foreign critios oonnidor that Mr. Tree is the finest actor on tho English stage at the present time. I hare often heard this sentiment in Paris, and from Coquelin himself amongst others. Mrs. Tree is socn nltogetliei at her best as Ophelia- she looks very Bwcet, is dressed in perfect teste, and hor singing is altogether charming. Her voiae is like a bird's, and she trills away as tho poor mad maiden most touoliingly, Her imper sonation of tho swbot girl bereft of her reason is really wonderful, and must bo tho outcome of much study and careful observation. The Ghost ' is ably represented by Mr. Fernandez, His voice is at onoe recognised by all who bavo heard him bofore. The surroundings of tho graveyard are much more attractive than usually presented. It is on the foot of "a Bheep- trimmed down," gay with verdure and flowers, that the grave of poor Ophelia is dug, and tho two grave diggers, whom we can all remember so differently repre sented, sometimes as downs, or dirty country yokelB, according to the fanoy of tho stags managor, aro horo most excellently well per formed by Mr. G. Barrett and Mr. Edward Rose, producing none of tho sense of incongruity whioh ono has so often felt in listening to their gibes and sayings even out of tbo grave. Mills llose Leclercq makes a most sympathetic Queen.' Was Hamlot mad, or did ho feign madness? 'is ' a voxed question, and critics havo taken different views of tho matter. Mr. Treo docs not belloVe in tho reality of his aberration, but gives him credit for. being as good an actor aa himself "on occasion. The whole , performance is ono whioh evokes not. merely applahse, butthqiighitfalcon- : sideratioii ; ati'd. Mi'. Belirbohm Tree's Hamlet will long bo referrod to as si rimsterty cbfic'e'ptlott " and a wonderful production,. A groat portion of the musio was composed expressly by Air. Hen schel for this ploy, and is well performed under tho dlrcotion of Mr. Carl Arinbrustor. Every little incident has been carefully studied and regarded in tho ploy, for Mr. Tree doos not only depend on his genius for success, but bo knows full well that the smallest features in such a performance have their significance, and he has in no way s puree! himself time or trouble to secure eutire success. The vocal recitals given by Mr. anu Mrs. Honschol in St. James's Hall aro always most attractive, not only on account of the delightful programmes they provide, but on account of the excellence of their interpretation. It is quite pleasant to aco the satisfaction aud enthusiasm wilh which Mr. Hcnschcl listens to liis wife's exquisite voico and her delicate rendering of every passage, but how few singers havo so inimitable an accompanist to sustain them. The: combined talent of this gifted couple is quite remarkable, and tho musio they choose to sing is of the very first class, utterly uuliko the worthless modern ballads, with which we are too familiar in private concerts nowadays. On "Wednesday last they gavo examples from Mozart, Porgolcsi, Lowe, Schubert and Goctz. Mrs. Qen&chol; sang a delightful little old Irish song called the Glen of ICcnm&ro; with great sweetness and vivacity, and her rendering ot Dr. .Amo's quaint old ditty, Polly Willis, charmed everyone. Mr. Heuschol's own com positions, Yung Dictericb, and his ballad There was an Anoicnt King, with four littlo volk- slieder, had their proper place in the pro gramme, and were greatly appreciated by the large and attentive audience. It is now no uncommon thing for tho young ladies of a house whioh is served by a butler, men servants .and maid servants galore, to receive daily lessons from tho family cook in all the mysteries of her art, whioh bear fmit after a while in the production of many dainty dishcB, and oven tho essential and main articles of diet, without any assistance or hints from tho teacher, who of course, if she be the right sort of instructress, takes great prido in tho unaided productions of her pupils. It is certainly easier to learn domestic cookery in a country Iiouro than in & London or town kitchen, for lown bred cooks strongly object to have "the young ladies about, making a litter and only playing at cooking," whilst the country cook is lesB hurried with her own work, and seemB to take more interest iu tho doings of the family. However, in London there are several good schools of oookcry whero lessons are given, more or Icsb valuable, according to tho wants of tho pupil. Amongst middle class housekeepers it is now becoming so extremely difficult to securo good servants of any kind that it behoves the young mistresses, or thoso of tho family who have health and strength and time to do so, to master tho detuils of every domeatio department, iu order either to perform the duties themselves in case of emergency, or to teach thoso io whom they doputo them, what ought to bo done. I often wonder that those who like to make a good appearance and to have tho comforts of life about them, and yet whoso inoomcs aro so limited as not to allow of well trained and expeusive servants, do not content themselves with younger and less experienced, but willing maids, of blameless character, and anxious to learn under a mistress who will take the higher duties upon herself, relying on her young servants only for what they oan do proporly and well, and thus avoiding the squalor, waste and discomfort which always result from attempt ing to depend on ignorant and untrained hands tordo what is utterly impossible for them properly to accomplish. No mistress of a house is so boppy as one who accepts her homo duties and attention to the comfort of her family as her first care, relying on no ono but herself for tbe littlo details which mark a lady's bouse and table, be she poor or rich, and which ought not to bo deputed to anyono, unless she be fortunate enough to possess an exceptionally well organised and probably costly staff of domestic servants acoustoraed to responsibility, wbicb, to those with small incomes, is quite impossible, though tho little refinements of life aro certainly not, if the mistress of tbo house willingly gives her own attention to thorn, rather than to the many amusements of a more or less frivolous kind to be found elsewhere. The Baroness Burdett Coutts. is muoh interested in the organisation of the great Con- gross about to bo held at Chicago in the year 1893\. Already preparations aro uoing made and a .woman's1 section of whioh the PrineosB Christian ia tho president is in process of formation. In London there is an influential committee of distinguished ladies already at work, and tbe industries whioh will most suit ably represent the work of English women in the World's Fair are being discussed. Tho BaroncsB will ; probably represent., tho. philanthropic portion of the ladies' section, and by certain moans 'Will show tho important part women havo played in preventing oruelty to children and animals, and tho many efforts mado to resouo the weak and Buffering, as well as the ignorant, sin ful members of our community. Needlowork of many and various kinds will, of course, be extensively represented, and while we were talk- ingon this matter tho sympathetic Baroness said, "I wish we could get the Queen to allow us to exhibit somo of horowu knitting— it is beautiful and Her Majesty gets through a great deal," "Impossible !" I exclaimed, "for Btirely she must have so much else to do ; ovon I with my own Bmall affairs to attend to get through so littlo needlework." Tho well informed lady by my side replied, " I assure you that- tho Queen is a . model of industry, never idle, and sho manages her time so methodically, that though now no longer as strong as sho used to be, she oontrives to make leisure for overything sho wishes to do, and knitting warm and dcliciously fine and soft garmeuts for her family and friendB i3 one of her fnvorito occupations." 