Mrs. Jones' Tramp. MrJonoj frequently boasted among hi* friends that his wifo was n woman without nerves, and never had hysterics like eoruc people bu could naino. And ha was right. Mrs Jonos, as every body knows was a sensible, healthy, well She isn't afraid to sit up all night when Jdptha is nt the club, and she makes it liyelj for him when ho gutt home in the morning. A man tvho wouldn't appreciate a woman liko tlint isn't a li'.tle bit. r,l goud, Uut Sirs .lontia Wean to think that per haps sha was a little tou self-reliant and helpful, and that Mr Jouod waa inclined to uliirk those lover-like intentions which had onco been the sunshine ot her life. 'Too bad about that poor liltlo Mrs Sim ion,' said Jonca the other night as he ate his supper. ' What's tho matter with her ?' asked Maria coldly. 'Didn't you hear about it ? She was alono in tbe house wbon a tramp walked in and domandint* money, frightened her almoBt to death.' 11 Hasn't she sensa enough to lock the doors when sho's alone f' inquired Mrs Jonw. ?? She gave him all tho money in the house and then screamed until Iho noigbbuurs heard her.' ?? Why didn't sha do heir ncreamiiii; lirst 1 l'ro no vmtiencu with uuch nuoieu,' con tinued Mrs Jones. ?? Maria, you must remember that you arc different from oilier wnmen, You can take care of yourself. Mrs Siin-on ia ono ot those timid, elinging little creatures who are afraid of their own shadows. When her husband went home ho found nil the neighbor! at the home aud bis wife in hyticrica.' 'll'in, a nice kind ot a wile that tor a man to have.' ' Maria, you havo no sympathy. You think becauso you have no nerves that no other woman has any. Tho majority of women are ollnging, timid things, uud Buch an experience frighlena them out ol all self control, Then Ml Jones took his hat ana went down to tho oflloe, wboro bo had some work to do, telling his wifo to ring bim up if any one dropped in tor a game ot wblst. Mrs Jones gave iho girl permission to go out i then she locked up tho Iioubo and Hat down to her sewing. Sha wasn't nfraid, nor lonely, nor nervoue, but she w.ii thinking. ?'Clinging, timid creatures 7 fl'm I I'd like to know what nomo of them find tooling to '1'oorlittlo Mm. Simson.' Eodoaring diminutive*. Evidently Mm ijitneon inn'l anybody's fool. I wish 1 duni- more. It 1 wore going to be horn iiL'ain, I'd bo a ulingrr next time, and ecreaui if I saw my shadow. What's that?' It was a sharp distinot noise in tho kit chen- Mrs Jones did not eland on the order cf her going, but wont at once. She took hor table lamp with ber, and as «ho stepped across the threshold confronted Iho intruder. Her heart went down into her boots. ?? Wrotch I' she exclaimed ; ' how did you get in ? You must have been hidden in thu house. Oh I mercy eavo me I hulp I' Mr Jones was sitting in lit-t office hard at work smoking liko a factory chimney when his telephone rung. ' Hello,' he called, ' n-ho wants me 7' There was a faint and ghostly wbispor of ' Joptha.' He rung np and rune up, and at lest ho made out that Mm Jones waa in mortal peril and needed his immediate return. This was something so unusual that it bothered Jonos n good deal. ?? It can't be tiio grip.' ho thought ; 'it wouldn't daro to attack Maria.' He hurried to hi' home and let himself in by a latch key. Mrs Jones was In violent hysltrics. ' What has happened 7' ho atkod. ' Arc you hurt, Maria!' ' No, only frightened,' gasped Mrs Jonoo, swooning nt sight ot him. Ho ran tor tho camphor, but found a bottle nf alcohol inttead and applied it liberally. In a tew momenta Maria began to Bcroam, nil the time clinging convulsively to Mr. Jones. 'Don't claw mo so,' ho (aid, jeiking his ooat from hor hands. ' I thought you had more eense than to go into fits over any. thing. What was it gnyhow-the tramp 7' ' Mercy, no I Worse, a thousand times worse,' said Mrs Jones, feebly resuming the perpendicular. ?? llurglars ?' Worse than burglars.' ' It wasn't a ghost, was it i' asked Jones, looking behind him. ' Oh, no. Mr Jones, you don't think a ghost would have frightened me. No, it was tib, awful mouse 1' 1n'^}pcv of whflt folIow6U| Mrt Joncn thinkflt Pl'i will novcr try tho dinning act tgilii. \yiio pftya bIio navor listened to such languoik *'» bur life. , fP^Jv ? ? ?' -'?:?? ?'? ? :'- 