Maltee Xiands Bill. Speaking on the above in the Legisla tive Assembly on Wednesday last, Mr. McColl said : I think it is very much to (>e regretted that- such an important Bill a6 this, dealing as it does with one fifth of the area of the colony, should be brought in at tliie late stage of the session. As a matter of fact, it was stated early in September that the Bill would be in the hands of honorable members in the course of a few days, in -order that they might have ample time to digest its details, whereas it lias onty recently been laid before us. There is room for regret also in other directions. We have had for some years some 12,000,000 acres of the lands of the colony under leasing condi tions, which conditions are to expire in 1903 ; aud, although I am not an advo cate of the leasing principle, 1 think we might fairly have seen whether under the terms of the existing law relating to the mallee territory, a leasing system could not be worked in a simple and advantageous manner. In fact, »nt of all this territory there are only a very few thousand acres of freehold. I believe that if this mallee territory was worked under the existing system in a successful manner a very great deal of satisfaction would be given to bona fide settlers. Be sides, the Bill has been brought down too late for us to do justice to tlie subject ; I also think it is too large and cumbrous for our present needs. There bas been a great demand for mallee lands during the last four years, and I think that the re quirements of the present time would be best met, not so much by legislation as by- good honest, and sympathetc administra tion. It is unfortunate with regard to our various Malle: Acts thai, although they were undoubtedly brought in with the very best intentions, yet, sad to say, those intentions bad been woefully par- verted by administration, with the result that schemers have taken advantages of certain openings in those Acts iu order to do things which were cot contemplated and authorised when the Acts were passed Io consequence, the intentions of Parlia ment have, to a large extent, been per- verted. These schemers had been en riched, and I do not say that the Lands department is free from blame for the blindness, weakness, and carelessness dis played with regard to its action in rela tion to this enormous territory. We have nearly 12,000,009 acres of mallee country, 10,000,000 acres of which have been put into mallee blocks, and 2,000 000 acres into what are termed mallee allotments. The blocks had lo be competed for by auction, therefore, as a rnle, only wealthy men could get them. Bnt the allotments could be takn up by applicants who came before a local land board. It was intended that the blocks, being let at a cheap rale, should be keptalinost entirely for grazing, cultivation being only allowed so far as would meet the needs or tbe homesteads — supply feed for the cattle and horses of the lessees and so on — but afterwards some further concessions were m ide. It was, however, never intended that culti vation on any large scale should be car ried on by the block lessees, who got their land for 2s 6d per sqare mile. "With re- girdtothe allotments the case was dif ferent. The allotments bordered on the 0 d-settle I county, and the privilege of cultivation has from tbe first been granted to allotment holders, who have to pay a minimum rent of £2 per square mile. I mention these facts because they are somewhat at variance with other state ments that have been made. After this a change in tbe administration of tbe mal lee country took pl.ee. I think it took; place somewhere about 1887. In facr, applications were theu made to convert blocks into allotments. There had been a large amount of speculation with res pect to the mallee fringe, but the parties who did so well out of the fringe allot ments were not satisfied, and they made demands on the Lands department, which demands were, 1 suppose, supported by a certain amount of influence, for permis sion to convert blocks into allotments. I think it was most unfortunate that the Lands department did not exercise a little more discretion in this matter, because the effect has been to throw into private hands some of the very best mallee Ian j — the best land to be found for a large number of miles. I say th it tbe lands department should have seen, when the introduction of improved mallee imple ments took piace, that lo keep the terri tory as a mere grazing area would be a little out of date. They should have seen that other demands would spring up, aud have taken steps to meet them so as to save the very best of the mallee lands from being thrown into private hauds, the Crown-lessees having to go farther and into poorer country. . . . Now, 1 imagine that when a Minister is allowed to use discretion with respect to the dis posal of property, tbe legitimate inference is that he should do his best to husband tbe interest of the colony. But h is ill it been done ? The fact is that many of the applicants for land have been so treated rhat tbey bad to go back disap- 1 pointed to South Australia, from whence they originally came. We find that no effort, as far as I can learn, no real vigor ous efforts has been made to meet (lie de mands of bona fide settlers. At the same time, those demands have been so great tint there have been from 40 to 60 appli cants for a siugle allotment. Yet in the face of all this no vigorous effort has been made to get the people properly put ou this portion of the' Crown estates. 1 have already described the Bill as cumbrous, and I would point out that this must be regarded aa one of the greatest possible faults it oould have, seeing that we are now at the fag end of the session, and have no time to deal with it in any pro per way. For my part I do not see the ghost of a chance of it passing into law. What I say is, that tbe whole thing coqld be better managed in another wqy. Our object should be to get bona fide people settled on the tqncl in "tbe easiest way, they hieing tied down to the soil so that they could not get away from it. In order to induce them to comply with aqch con ditions, they must gqt n absolutely sure tenure so thqt tbey can go to work with confidence, ' I assqrq the House that this I qqesiiftn is a most serious one. We ore now annually losing a great number of our young men who are going to other colonies, and the new comers from other colooies who have visiied us in order to | take up Victorian soil have lad to. iea ve ; us again. I urge honorable members to giye their most earnest attention to the whole subject, so that a' quick and easy system of settling the mallee territory iqay be adopted. With regard to the Bill itself, of course it may be that it has been brought down with the best in- tentions. Bnt still there -are loopholes in - it, by means of winch speculators and middlemen will be able to work their little games. Well, we must bs very carefal to see those loopholes stopped, qqd that tbe provisions pf hp tpeasuxe shall be pqf iq soah Imgtuge ihe roal mten- tio&SQi; jar liaineii! miy ' bp shown and cWied qut. I thjnk ii gqeg witUobt aay-. ing tliaji tots i nqf (fee l)ill we woqld fiave i It-tdq few tuontfis ago. That mast hs admitted to be tfie. qasig, .Judging fronr the views expressed by, the ; Minister of- Bands, «ome _ timo »ago,d a deputation from the mallee country, I jfirinly believe tbatfis wouldatHiat tim«liav« igtvenqu ; . i---/ v;.v/Y. -V.i a Bill of a totally different character. So for as regards tlie general principles of this Bill, I have not a g'eat deal to say against them, because they go essentially on the lines I have ben advocating myself, and on which public opinion has so often expressed itself. So far we inay congratnlate ourselves that ou r views have had some effect upon the Government. . . . Mr Lascelies has introduced the celebrated system of what is called " cultivation on thirds." Tbis is a new feature altogether in tbis colony. It bas been partly adopted from SontbAusiralia, and Mr L isc files has adopted this prin ciple of cultivating on thirds for what purpose ? For the purpose of evading the provisions of tbe Act, wliicb said that he could not sublivide or assign without the permission of the department. He claimed rhat this was not subdivision, that it was not assigning in any way. Now, 1 have at some trouble procured a copy of this agreement with Mr Lascelles, and I can assure lion members that it is something unique in its way. It sh"ws to what bona fide farmers ia tbe year 1832 have com in this colony in order to get a bit of land to work. I have here a printed copy of the agreement which I will read, but, of course, for obi ions reasons, 1 will leave out the name. The Hgreemeut is someivhat long, but I think it is only right that lion members rind the publie should know tiiu conditions of this niilfiFfitmn tin thirds, hpranse this nrpspnt. year 6,000 acres are being cultivated under this agreement, in addition to 3,000 acres which Mr Lascelles cultivates him self, and it is his intention, if these privi leges are granted to him, to go tin with- - this system as far as possible. I do not suppose the Lands department bas ever taken the trouble to get a copyof the agreement under which ibis system of cultivation on thirds is carried on, but it is only right that ihe public should know its nature. (Agreement here read.) . . . First of all, the Lands department should see that only bona fide settlers are allowed lo take up mallee land, and tbe department should take care that the con ditions are such that each settler will be bound to the land ; but, having given him a sufficient area in enable him to earn a living for himself and his family, they should leave him to follow out his own judgment, and he wonl-i work tbe land to the best advantage without tbe State interfering loo closely in the matter. Clause 36 seems to me a very arbitrary provision indeei. It provides that no compensation whatever sh ill be paid for land resumed by the State for public purposes. Now, it is just possible that ihe laud required may include tne settle ra best impro ement — his house, vineyard, orchard, tanks, and wc ls, and yet tbia clause absolutely prohibits tbe State from paying him one penny of compensation iu respect of those improvements. This clause will require to be considerably modified in committee- Clause 42 pro vides that a in illee settler must reside ou or within 5 miles of his leasehold for at least six mouths dating tbe first year, and for at least nine months during the second, third, fourth and fifth years, but there is also tills alieru itive, that he need not reside on the laud if he will culti- ate at least one fourth of his allotment within the first year, and at least une half before the end of the second year. That, in my opinion, is a very aangerons provision, and may open the door for speculation in the mallee lands and for cultivation on shares. What we should do is to require people to live ou the land or wilbin a a reasonable distance of it, and to take care that men a-e not allowed to cultivate it for speculative purposea, but irtdl-w ........ a view to make homes tor themselves and 'heir children. "\Ye want permanent settlement there, and not speculative cultivation. Within, the three years a uan may apply for a selection, but thai; term ought to be extended, because as a rule a man goes on the land with very liitle money, and has to fence and clear off a portion, and the whole of the avail able capital, and perhaps more, is taken away by the operations of the first year. He lias to pay heavy expenses in tbe way of survey an I transfer fees, and in my opinion he should be allowed to select afc any time within five years, if not longer. If the bill passes tbe second reading I hope these amendments will be made. To sum up, it seems io me that iliere are some very favorable clauses indeed in this Bill, and that the measure, as a whole, is to be commended, but I do not think it can become law this session. It does not contain such provisions as are exacily neceesary at the present time. What ia now required can be -lone by honest, sympathetic administration, without fresh legislation. Land can be resumed under the present law, and au assurance can be given to bona fide settlers that their tenure will be permanent so long as they like to remain. That is what tlie people desire. The drawbacks of this Bill are that it has been submitted alto gether too late in the session, and that it cannot receive proper consideration if it is to be rushed through iu the lag end of tho session, seeing the enormous amount of business ou the notice paper. Perhaps the great drawback of the muasnre is the saving portion of the 15th cliuse, which protects the present traffickers and middlemen for all time to coine. That is the great blot on Lbe Bill. It dues not require tlieui to pay anything more than ordinary holders of allotments are require to pay, and whether the Bill passes or not, it leaves the whole business in the hands of the middleman for nearly twelve months, because, supposing you. -pass the Bill authorising the resumption Qt mallee blocks, tbe provisions foe the payment of compensation hav% to come before Parliament the satftp as '.Vie Estimates for approval, and, they Cwiuot come before Parliament this Session. Therefore no provision can he made fin- resuming land i until next year, and until Parliament meets next year yen leave the rigbt to traffic iu mallee lands in the hands of these men, This bill will shut out a lpraa number of bona fide settlers. It has been ! said that tbe mallee committee slapped! these transfers, but that was no xeasou wfiy the Minister should not have come to- to the House and asked permission to grant the the transfers require '. People wl-o desire to get on the land will be- delayed, because, the resumption of mallee- land will b.e prevented until next year. T believe the restrictions on cultivation will not work well, and, in addition to all these drawbacks, thsre ia one great blot on the administration of thB Lands de partment, that was called special attention to by tho mallee committee, and that is absolutely left untouche I. I allude to tho reform of the land board system. If yon go into the mallee country and talk abont. the Lands department the people then begin to sneer and laugh, because they- have very small respect indeefi fon the.- xiauus aeparcmeni, mV1 a,' you mention land boards the reoepfinp you, get is W board system revising, and, that ought to be aone, st or » . in order' to get people settled aq.the jau„ canpt plemy of mallee -1BI1a without waiting for tes Bill, land; enough io settle five hundred families «ithui a fortnight; 1 know of some g%>d arable land, some of the best wke&f.laad; there, that can ho obtained ift' Very low rate indeed, at<i .. . Tesutofcfiatmnife 'wrifanutaiw rinGcft hpiritr , passing of this Bill, and nutil all tiie odious details it involves have been gone \- through ? Why should we keep people hanging about the mallee country, and cause them to migrate to other colonies through being ueary of delay, when a little common sense in administration would enable us to settle them on the land before the year expires ? Another thing we want is local land offices. A cheese paring economy on the part of the Govern ment has shut up the land office at Kerang and also the la ad offices at various places on the mallee border and consequently no information can be obtained except by writing to Melbourne. We want laud officers on the the spot, with plans and all necessary information, in order that in tending settlers may get laud without delay. We want survey before selection. A man should he able to pick out the allotment he wants, and settle on it with out delay. First of all there should be an enquiry into the transfers now pending, in order thai buna jidi cases may lie deter mined iorthwith, and the people enabled to get on the 1 ind as soon as possible. The next thing we have to do is to s ' np second transfers (except in case of death, sickness, or exceptional circumstances), which promote speculation in land, the enrse of this country We want to encour age the applicatioos of boim.udc settlers, and not the men who seek to get the hind for speculative purposes. In some cases riiallce blocks have passed through three or four bands without any transfer being effected. Except in special instances, sncli as cases of sickness or misfortune, the \---men who talce the laud should be bound down to it, compelled to reside thereon and make improvements, especially for the purpose of water storage. The pro - visions of the present Act are ample for all purposes of resumption at the present time, ami we can assure the men who are going on on the land that they wiil have a permanent tenure, whether freehold or leasehold. Permanent settlement is what is most needed, because migration has been the curse of the land system. A great deal of settleuieut in the mallee country is not true settlement, but simply the shifting of people from one part of the colony to another. That has ba.-l a most disastrous effect on the prosperity ol the country in the past. The settlers should be required to go in for rotation of crops. If the land board system is reformed, and we have ju licioos and sympathetic administration by the Lands department, the settlement of the mallee connlry will be greately facilitated ; but the Govern ment should also make an earnest and vigorous effort to get the mallee lands en tirely under the control of the State. Mr. Taverner, speaking on Thurs day night said : Honorable members will understand when I mention that be tween 9,000,090 and 10,000,000 acres of the mallee country are in my district, that I feel a great ioterest in the pro visions of this measure. I have been pleased to find the debate so instructive. The qaestion is a very important one, and ihe thanks of the country are due to the Government for organising parties 'o enable members to visit the mallee and see for themselves the class of laud th?y are called upon to deal with. I was also pleased to hear the statement of the Minister of Lands that he is prepared to accept amendments in committee, be cause there are some clauses in the Bill which are very objectionable. The House, iu my opinion, is now called upon to consider these two questions : First, whether subdivision is to be proceeded with in the case of the allotments ; "second, wEat direction is legislation to take iu dealing with the 7,000,000 acres of land at present held by the block lessees. First of all, I would like to say a word or two upon the allotments. To give honorable members an axact idea of the position at the present time, I will read a return I have received from the Lands department up to dale. It appears from this document that the nninher of mallee blocks now held is 79, the average area of each being 86.778 acres. The number of mallee allotments held is 2100, the average of each being 1509 acres. I hope that the portion of the bill which is likely to interfere with the subdivision of the allot men: s will be tb own out, and that the House, when in committee, will see its way clearly to allow each of these allotment men the full right of subdividing all lis land which is over and above the quautity lie may require for his own purposes. The following letter, dated 5th November last, which I have receive ! from Mr Donald JIcLeau, of Kerang, will place the true position of ih'e allotment men before this House : — " Dear Sir, — Seeing ihat the Mallee Act will shortly be considered by Parliament, I would like you to know my position, which applies to a large number of mallee men. I was forced to take two square miles of mallee, which my means will not allow me to work. If I were allowed to sell a square mile, the money I would receive, with ubat I have, would place me in a position to work one sqnare mile, making a comfort able home for my wife and family, and patting a bona fide man on the portion sold." When tbese lands were thrown open they were cut up into aliotmeuts of various sizes. Men who apnlie 1 for them iu many cases asked the local land board for 320 or 640 acres, hut the board said — "No, yon must take the block as it stands." This was the position of Mr Donald McLean, aod also of many others. Tti many cases men so placed have sold the laud, and the person who purchased it is actually upon it. I could name instances in which the purchasers have gathered two crops, and have built a -bouse for their family, thus proving their bona fides in every direction. We want that class of men to go upon the land, and we desire that this system of allot ment should be allowed to go ou. I might mention some really hard cases. The Moore Bros., of Kerang, took tip 640 acres of mallee land, and the Lands department refused to allow one brother to divide bis allotment with the other brother. I do not think it is the desire of this House to interfere with family selec tions,- and I do not think the House wishes to deprive those holders of 2100 small mallee allotments of the small amounts they may receive when selling die land which is in excess of that which they require for their own puiposes. I am sni» the Minister of Lands is anxious to obtain candid opinions from all sides of the House, and to do what is best to settle the country in the most desirable . manner. For my own part I desire to give him every assistance I pan, in the most. friendly spirit. Clauses 4 and 16 of 4tfre Hill xvill, in my opinion, cause a large amount of trouble, and will, to . gnino Aftant. stop settlement. . Theso clauses do nwja y 'with the system of leas- . . - dog, and introdiuae the license system. X approve of the provision of the BiU "I qfpnnft the jright to seieet -640 acres, - hut :X 3o not &vor; the proposal to forep Sthp; Oncoming man to take up a hcenae Tor ' Xiisland. The Bill shonld provide for the. fiiaingpj afland. and aUowing it to go sfeothe man es a leasebbldi giving hito fhe option to- select when he likes. I might' ' rsay, for the in£orti)atiun of the House, iiiihata.iagge hjiniber of liiese uieu are niA 'ISpVBfr Afinaan's/Md'tiiatis.Wbv tlieYoilght Bytevlieagj von- every tineouragemenU " -Jf I pay Is. per acre per annum. As the settlement is bona file, it would be better I to allow a man to remain on lease. I j hope that in committee the word "license" j will he altered to lease," so that the in coming occnpant will not he compelled to take up a licence for his agricultural allotment, but will bold it on lease, and will have the right of selecting during the currency ot the lease. With reference to the auiuiiutof settlement, I may mention (hat the LCerang, XX'arracknabeal, and several of the vermin boards, allowed settlers to select 930 acres. These boards are elected by the allotment men, and 1 also favor the free subdi vision of the allotments. Clause 35 deals with the question of cultivation. I trust tbtf Ministry will see its way to omit that'' clause. If my view is light, it can only apply to llie men to lease the laud. I presume the moment lite land comes under a licence this clause does not apply. XYheu honorable members come to con sider it lhat it only applies to a section of the mallee allotments, while we ought to endeavor, as far as possible, to have uni formity. A reference to the eridenee taken by the Mallee Committee and the R nil ways Standing Committee will show that the malice land in the districts con cerned cannot be effectually clcaie < under four or five years- It must be borue in mind that there are bonnd to be good and bad seasons. From my 27 years' ex perience of the borders <>f the mdlee, I kuoiv there must be a repitirion of nad seasons. XX'e must recognise that the bad years will give the country a spell, aod teat we shall be quite safe in allow ing the farmer to exercise his discretion in cultivating the lands A gieat deal has been said about the staying capacities of this land. Mr Hisisto, who is an expert on the subject, has spokeu very highly of its staying qualities. I know that it will stand eight or nine crops. This is dee to the system of cultivation. After s; ripping the lied it is the custom to burn the timber, and ihe ash supplies the amount of nourishment- taken from the soil. Mr Bosisto's evidence at Dimhoolaiu regard to this matier was very satisfactory. It has been sail that; lie Smith Australian m illee country is worke 1 out. I bat e travelled through a g->od few miles of ihe mallee country, and I agr<-e with a large number of Sou'h Australian farmers who gave evidence before our ltailways Standing Committee that there is no similarity whatever between our malice country and that of South Australia. The further you go west, the more inferior the country becomes. That largely sup ports the s atemeut that the South Aus tralian land is chiefly composed of lime stone, and has not the depth of soil which the Victorian mallee country lias. The clause which propo-es to charge for cultivation is nut calculated to ad I much to our revenue, but it will create in our mallee two classes of settlers, and cause no cud of trouble. It was the mallee allotmeut men, a very small proportion of the whole of the sei tiers, who applied to the Board of Land and XVorks for the right t« cultivate-. I unders<aud that if the Bill is passed, all (he allotment lessees who have not obtained permission from the Board of Land and Works to cultivate can apply tor that permission, and will be charged up to 6 J. per acre for the right of cultivating. Mr M'Lean : That is so. Mr Taverner : That will give us three classes of men upon the allotments. Mr McLean : From 10s to £10 is the rent now. Mr Taverner : The rent wiil not affect the right to cultivate, so that the allot ment men will have to p-y up to 6d for the right of cultivation. \Yti--n iocd 1 :>id boards deal with applicants, almost the first question they put is — "Do you intend to cultivate." With ordinary lind the applicant says "Yes," butiu the case of the mallee he says "No." These men have uow gone upon the land, and I do not think it is fair to take advantage of those who neglected to read the covenants of their leases to impose upon the pro vision in regard to cultivating. Clause 42 affects us very much. It will, iu my opinion, destroy the security which the mallee lessee as at present The Minister will remember thai during the last three or four s ears there has been a continual agitation amongst the malice allotment ! men to induce the department to endeav our to make their leases good sound security. According to the 1st sub-sec tion of clause 42, it is provided that every lease shall contaiu "a condition Lhat no assignment or transfer by prucess or oper ation of law or otherwise, or by operation of a testamentary -instrument on the death of the lessee, shall take effector any force or validity either at law or iu equity with out the consent of the board signified in writing." That completely takes away the small amount of security which the leases caiTy at the present time. Sub section 2 of the same clause is I think, an outrageous interference with settlement With regard to sub-section 1, of course assignment or transfer is the natural out come of a judgment. If a man holds a mortgage orer another rum's lease there will be no chance of getting a transfer un less the Board of Laud and XVorks gives its consent- What I object to is giving the hoard the power to set aside the pro cess of law, because it wipes away the very stnall amount of security which the lease at preseut carries. Snb-secsion 2 is a most uufair proposaL It says the lease stall contain — "A covenant that the lessee will not, without the previous con sent of the board signified in writing, exe cute any instrument or enter into any agreeineut operating as a mortgage, equit able mortgage, chcrge, or lien upon such lease." If there is one thing in this Bill which should be struck out it is the power given to publicly advertise that the mallee lessee should be obliged to go to the Board of Land and Works, and ask to be allowed to borrow £50 or L100. If con sent is given it goes into the Government Gazette, winch is circulated .throughout the colony, and the lessee's credit is in jured. X need only remind the House of what happened in regard to the Iiongmore regulation in this direction, which, to a a very great extent, destroyed the credit of the farmers. I will now.eay a word or two about this -block country. X agree with much of what Mr. Harper said the other evening. He stated that in dealing with country like the mallee, we ought to have a scheme which would enable people tb be comfortable on the land, and that it would he . necessary to provide for" railway extension and water supply. My idea is to ..endow with the land : the particular worke In quired to secure permanency of .settle-' inent, and I trust that n scheme of this sort wjll' have the earnest consideration' of the Government. I agree with -uracil that Sir Henry Waxen said qq this point and 1 am. inclined to favor resnmptibq in . preference to allowing the block lessee ineo to go on subdividing. It is a question whether jt is right for tlie State to di vide whether tlie lessee should he allowed to subdivide, . Tills Cotmlry ought, be" gratefol toMr La6cplleB .-tad -the other block iran jjnho ;haye (dqVie Eo moch to; placflupbn the Iwd'ajgobdjahd desirable classbf settlers.. But it «nhst bsremem- - hdatr'La«enes' country isfilaoed nwdwbiV'fevdraeirbritioti, because there is a'creek.riinmng almost 'through- isp country which mnst be taken in hand by the State, and must not bo dealt with un less it is dealt with in a large comprehen sive manner, giving the people railway extension and water supply- J would urge the Government to at once resume the mallee blocks fronting the River Mur ray between Swan Sill and Euston, a distance of something like 100 miles. That country at the present time is occu pied by four people, and I am quite satis fied ihat the Minister of Lands eou!d wxtliiu three or four years place 3000 people upon tbat laud, and place them iu a good position. I need hardly sajr lhat the settlement near the banks of tlie Murray is good settlement. You have a snow-fed river and water carriage, and those are two essentials to securing per manent settlement. Insight point out that there aire several mallee allotments that coine down almost to ibe river edge, ;ind I would like to see the owners «f those allotments protected. Those men who havegoue into the mallee sonic y-ars ago rmd whose Inn I goes" down almost lo the waters' edire should I think he exempt froui tiie Bill, hot I say we shou«d resejve from selection evciy acre of the box flats along the River Murray. Tnat couuiry command the whole of the mal lee for water supply in ihe future. Mr Langdon. — You would not go three miles back surely 2 Mr Taverner. — I «aid I would resume every acre of the bos-flat couniry below. Swan Till. When I say resume, I mean I would put the people ou ihe land ou lease instead of allowing them to select under, this Bill. I-aui quite satisfied that in ten or fourteen years y->u will find the banks of the River Murray on thos box flai scurrying a large population on small areas, and that is what should be the desire of this House to encourage. I would point out that if the House does not give the Government some expression of opinion in connection with this Bdl, and no resumption takes place so far as the couun v which I refer to is cone-rned then we shall lose twelve moalhs. That meau6 a season's loss, and a se »son's loss in the ma-lee, considering what the average of th« season is, means a very serious thing indeed. When the Bill goes into committee we miy. perhaps, insert a provision that will enable the Minister of Lands to deal with those blocks hav ing a frontage to the Biver Murray. In support of that I need only refer to the late local land board held at Swan. HUl where some 30 blocks were thrown op u for selection, and the lau i was li'erally rushed. What greater evidence is re quired to show ihe demand for land in that part of the district I am ot alo?s to know. I may mention that I have watched the debates which have been going on iu the New Snuth "Wales par- iiuneat and notice the Government of the colony have under consideration a scheme for throwing open to selection s large amount of the country within what is called the Murrumhidgec district. Row, if we allow this to take place before we de»l with iha country that i equally good in Victoria, we shil! lose a lot of our young men wlr» have afciained ihe age which entitles them to tike up a selec tions. In the b'ock country 1 would have the blocks 1000 acres, allowing the riirht io select. I might here point out a thing which seems rather inconsis tent with the Act. Under the principal Act a lessee who selects 320 acres is called udoii to surrender all the laud over and above 1000 acres that he holds. Mr Madden.— He may be called upon to do so. Mr Taverner- — t think the department in one or two c ises has r nd the provision as obligatory. It would bs rather incon sistent if it is stated in one part tbat a m m caunot hold more than foursquare tniles aud he is told iu another pait of the principal Act that when he exercises his right of selecting be must su- render a 1 land over 1000 acres. I trust the Mir ister of Lands will consider another very im portant point in conuec ion with the Bill, and that is the constitution of the loc.il land bo rds. I have no desire to reflect in the slightest degree on the gentlemen who have sat upon those board., but I say the system is not good. The constitution of the boards is ba«l9 aud I trust it will b- altered. I would lik to see a board con stituted of a police magistrate and « special officer oE th Lan Its dep irfcment to deal with the whole of the lauds of this colony, and iu dealing with those lands to take evidence upon oath. I ain sure that system would wojk very much bettvV th-n the system which now ohuinE. f think th" report of the Mallee Comurittre will jusiify me in making lhat siatemeni. Clause 18 raises a, very serious question with regard t > what is called the valueless mallee country. By reference to ibe Go vernment Gazette lor some mom lis past it will be foiLiid that someihiug like 1,000,000 acres of this valueless country are uvaihblc for occnpati-n. Now, clause 18 brings iis to deal wilh 4,000,000 ;icres of country which is put down as valueless, and I wmild ;ike to see a provision in serted in the Bill to the that, in the events of 'he Lands department not suc ceeding in getting a tenant, ihe depart ment should fence that land off. If those 4,000,000 acres of heathy undsan iy coun- ; try are allowed to remain -occupied and uufenced, they will become & curse to the settled country, and I would like to see a clause inserted in 'hi Bill which would give po wer to the Minister of Lands to fence in that useless country where it is. impossible to find a tenant. Perhaps, If the land were fenced it wonld improve aud eventually the' Government would get a tenant for it. I do not desire to de tain the House any longer. J am quite sure that if we succeed in placing upon the statute books liberal Mallee Act we will have done a great deal in the direc tion of putting tbis colony on a prosperous footing again. We have the export pro ducing power lying idle, and if we are 10 give it life we must put the people on the land with as little delay as possible, and 1 trust that will be the result of this measure 