TOPICS OFTHE WEEK. An arrangement has been or ought be made between tlie Government and the Tramway Companyior enabling Mr. Wheeler, ' the new Minister of Hail ways, to travel at* penny a time between the Treasury and Spencer-street, seeing that until the general' election he will be largely occupied in passing to and fro between the two S's—Shiels and!' Speight—going west to tell Mr, Speight he must reduce the train mileage, and returning east to tell Mr. Shiels that it cannot be done.1 Mr. Wheeler's constituents, when they come' to town to iind their member, should watch'* for him from some such place as the Athenaeum doorway or Johnstone and! O'Shannessy's. If they dohot see him passing: in a green car they are sure to discover hftn" in a red one. It is Mr.' Shiels, who, as the,: new. Premier, has set his hearten stopping! the trains and leasing the lines (as was oncej proposed to be done with the toads) fori grafting purposes and wattle- plantihg. on ex tension of Mr. Woods's idea. .The discovery has been madc tiiat certain lines are hot pay big any interest and very little of the running;' expenses, so it is propoaed to. put up withj the Joss ol the interest ami save the. running expenses, the ihhabitantsof the districtswhichi are to lose their trains l>eing p-*pared, it is; supposed, to resume walking and catting in order to supply Mr. Shiels #tth the election! cry,'' Look what we've saved ou the railw^ya.WJ: llr. Shiela, by studying the time-table {or a given number of hours, has artilfei^ the 'conclusion that the trains numerous. It is impossible, he hwbfiOO. persons can find time to hse ell 1 teaing and attend to their work besides. Jlmbera of Parliament c&n; ^de ^ ^ lnn beoanse they have nothing else to do, but they do not pay; so may railway employes and heads of departments (with their wives and families), but they also do not pay. Therefore, says Mr. Shiels, putting down his slate and looking smilingly at the sum he has worked out, "We have too many trains, and some must be stopped—which I don't know." The loss may be on the Daylesford line, or the Coleraine line, or the Maffra line, or any other line repre sented by members of the Cabinet. But, if we are running too many empty carriages, it follows as a necessary conclusion that the making of any more lines must be financial suicide. How will the Government be able to appear before the electors, and promise the construction of new railways after having made the fatal announcement that we are already running more trains than there are pas sengers for ? And is it any use making a line, if there is only to be one train each way a day —the line consuming interest all through the 24 hours, and only attempting to earn interest during the few moments that a train of carriages occupies in passing each of the men waving flags to it? The station is to be open all day, in charge of the full staff, in order to receive and despatch one train. Mr. Shiels, by proposing to cut down the mileage, is condemning the Parliament for its folly in having built the line, and Mr. Wheeler (miserable man) is to appear before the country as the Minister who has deprived people of the luxury of travelling. ""Who stopped our train?" will be cry every where. Answer—" Mr. Wheeler;" and depu- tationss will pour down to town by coach and on foot seeking for Mr. Wheeler. Have the inhabitants of the rural districts, the shire presidents and shire councillors, the shire secretaries, the shire publicans, &c.;, log-rolled, and argued, and formed themselves into deputations at the ex pense of the ratepayers in order to secure railways only to be beguiled by being refused trains to ride in? Why, the two passengers occasionally to be found occupying the last down train of six carriages between Preston and Whittlesea would of themselves be able to raise an outcry, that would drive Mr. Wheeler for shelter to the farthest inch of Wilson's Promontory. Mr. Justin Drouhet, a French gentleman living in a honse with a French name at Camberwell, believes he is on the brink of perfecting an engine which will run without motive power, and so save millions to the world—millions to railway commissioners tramway companies, steamship companies and proprietors of factories. Alas! how many thousands of inventors have reached the same 6tage—the same brink, and got no further. By a singular coincidence, a French gentle man living in San Francisco is described in spme recent papers as being engaged on a similar machine, and if he had arrived at the next stage (gone over the brink) within the tune expected his success should by this date have been telegraphed to every part of the earth. The inference to be drawn from thesilence of the wires is a sad one. The chief obstacle to the achievement of perpetual mob an is the action of gravity—the downward pull, which causes all the moving parte of an engine to press upon the parts under neath with which they are in contact Such pressure causes friction, so that the initial difficulty is to construct a machine which shall be independent of friction. A machine which, besides overcoming the friction of its own parte, is to do useful work without consuming any fuel, would be something to wonder at. But Mr. Drouhet will satisfy us if he makes a machine to run by itself until it wears out Gravity as has been said, is the obstacle, and Mr. Drouhet is going to overcome its influence by means of gravity — gravity to annihilate gravity, which, as the geometricians say, is absurd. It is to be managed by having a greater number of little balls on one side of a wheel than the other. How the balls are to be lifted or carried over, contrary to the con Bfant pull of gravity, is the little secret which Mr. Drouhet Sieves he is on the verge of finding out Need we say that efforts to dis cover perpetual motion excite no greater mterestin the minds of scientific men than socfa exhibitions of strength and resistance to strength as are at present being conducted by the magnetic lady in London. They know tee action of gravity to be perpetual, and that it can only be balanced and overcome by the expenditure of force, force external to the machine, generated by heat, whether that heat be manifested in the warm blood of a home, or the burning of coals in a furnace, or the action of the sun in evapora ting moisture to assume the form of clouds, and afterwards descend in rain aod take the shape of cunning water, bjmee the promulgation of the doctrine of tte conservation of energy, founded on the towway «f Joule, that for every ponnd Wttght of force exerted there is an equivalent H °P °f heat, no person having a ptoperly T for a moment entertain CfeJdeaof force being exerted, without the fiWMsrof heat But to the end of time poople will go on inventing machines to achieve the impossible, just as people will go oil believing in ghosts, and table-rapping by Bptote,and animal magnetism (there being no each thing in fact), and witchcraft, and faith- healing, and ^rther old wives' tales. Bepediok «ays the world must be peopled, »£d, V* anppose, there are persons who say tbfctinnxticasyiumsmnet be filled. "t vegr aitort^oome to have jjfaith, which has 1 signi fanguage for u faith is one of .ate .-.tor. their they live ibteaks his word, and backs out of a written agree-1 ment with a readiness which supports Mr.' Balfour's theory that there is no-necessary progress in the moral world. He walks out with a grin on his face, at the bidding of his secretory or committee, and sometime of his own motion, when it suits his purpose to pretend to act without orders. Instances come from Newcastle and Williamstown.: Some years ago, at Newcastle, to put an end to ruinous under- selling and fluctuating rates, and to establish a uniform scale of wageB, an association was formed by the leading coal-own ere, who arranged with the miners a hewing rate corresponding to the market price of coal. The object was that the men should benefit when the masters benefited, and Bince the adoption of that arrangement (lately ratified in writing) until the present* year, the selling price of coat has been lis. per ton, of which 4s. 2dL goes to the miner. Owing to some collieries standing out of the association, and some that were in going out, under-selling has bees resumed, and the associated collieries have given notice of a reduction of the price of coal to 10a. per ton, with a correspond ing foil of 4d. per ton in wages. Whether there should be a reduction or not we are not in a position to say, but the point is that the men refuse to stand by their agreement, and demand of all collieries that for the future wages shall never be less than 4s. 3d., however high they may rise above it. When it Buits them they break the agreement. But the Newcastle case is reasonableness it- j self compared with the Williamstown one. In the boiler-making trade there is an agree-1 ment that men called upon to work at a dis tance from the head works shall be allowed mileage, and, if necessary, board and lodging, an arrangement which is fair on the face of it. It means that men living in town or suburbs, and used to going to Latrobe- street or Dudley-street, are not to be suddenly ordered off to jobs at VValhalla or Geelong without getting an extra allowance. Bat this interpretation does not satisfy the boiler makers working for Messrs. A. Roberts and Son. That firm obtained the contract for re pairing the Bancoora at Williamstown. They engaged men living at Williamstown, and be cause the firm has a head-office at Sandhurst, 100 miles from Melbourne, these Williams town men demand wages at the rate of 14s.' 9d. a day instead of lis., the excess being for] board and lodging and travelling expenses, thongh they live close to the work. The de- ] mand is one which no court of law could sus tain, it is one which no reasonable or honest minded men would make, and it is only made and insisted on because the firm is bound to complete the job in a specified number of] days. And the men have struck, in the face of a further agreement, that in the event of a j dispute arising it is to be referred to atbitra- j tion. They declined to arbitrate, and excused' themselves by saying " they have left indi vidually, not struck," a subterfuge which, would not deceive a child being minded in the Col ling wood creche. Messrs. Roberts, in order to get the work completed, have been compelled to pay the artificial wages on the understanding that the extra allowance is to be refunded if arbitrators decide in their favour, but they are quite prepared to hear that the men will Bcoff at the award and keep the money should the award be for the firm. How can they refund money, they still say, which they have spent. The case is undisguised blackmailing, but blackmailing is a thing they are not ashamed of. In the cause of unionism, any course of action is virtuous. Men that deny they have been acting in concert, when they have been acting in no other way but in concert, and whose society asserts that it cannot interfere (though it has interfered on the sly), would not be at a loss for excuses for breaking this understanding as they have broken others. The embargo which it is believed the Medical Society of Victoria places on the members whom it electa in succession to the office of president deprives the public of the' opportunity of hearing bold or original opinions on the problems of the day.. A-pre sident's address is required to exhibit all the negative merits which were claimed 'for the verses of Grosvenor, commencing, "Genlie Jane was as good as gold." Thesocietysees that doctors in full practice hare not time to examine deeply, and it therefore reserves the discussion of hard questions for members with few or no patients and plenty of leisure. Hence the caution, modesty, and self-suppres sion which characterise the remarks delivered by Dr. Hinchcliff from the president's chair last week. Not a word was said, for example, on the all- important question of influenza which might not have been risked by a layman giving ordinary attention to the newspapers. " Without respect of persons, or conditions of living, it enters the mansion and the cabin." A bandied cable messages and a thousand paragraphs and board of health reports support this incontrovertible statement. "May I indulge the hope that this society will be able to elucidate the mysteryf We fear not It appears to be the function of German practitioners and German theorists to invent hypotheses and capture germs. With praiseworthy discretion Dr. Hinchcliff ventures no further than to s&y; that during the process of recitation spores tout of which influenza propagates itself (we hare advanced so for as to allow spores to be prob able) " may (muchvirfcue in a "may") flnd« suitable nidus (which is the medical term' for nest), by the irritation they net up in the mucous membranes eventually affecting the nervous system, and so indirectly lead to inflammatory conditions of thes^ oxgans"— organs, we presume, being another qame for membranes, and perhaps also system. Some days before this caat^uBly-wpyd^l Address' was spoken theGerman sdentistawired out' that .they had found,nnd dfogfooimed the' microbe of influenza, butweln Victoria b^ve only-got so-far as to my tibere tnsybe microbes, and evetyohe retaeihbfctt howtfoe president of last year rebuked the Germans for being precipitate. On the delicate question of the hospital elections Dr. Hinchcliff limits himself to setting forth some Buch observations as were made in the press five months ago, and when he arrives at the point where a rash president might venture an opinion he proposes that the society should appoint a committee to work out the problem. They have at least three years and a half for studying it. The problem, we may say, is how to prevent doctors from canvassing and spending money (like candi dates for Parliament) to obtain coveted places which are at present bestowed on the men who are cleverest at electioneering. With what Dr. Hinchcliff has to say on medical (dabs all laymen who are compelled by etiquette and "position" to pay high fees will sympathise. No man who has to pay fall rates likes to hear of other people getting off with half rates. Last year's president " gave it" to the friendly societies for getting medical skill on the cheap. The mean ness of the olubs which A. Hinchcliff biases away at consists in their being formed in country towns by " professional men, bankers, civil servants, merchants," &c.;, for the avowed purpose of ob taining constant service from the local doctor at nominal rates. They call him up at all hours' of the night, whether they really need him or not, forgetting that he may just have got into bed after a Masonic bupper or have come home dead tired from a 50-mile drive, and hemustsallyout or "suffer the penalty of another practitioner being called in." Ay, there's the rub. The young doctor, just fledged, is glad to accept the club ap pointment, because it insures him a start and a connection; and the matured doctor, who could now' dispense with the connection, dare not give it up lest he should introduce a competitor. Your ehd-of-the-century layman, living in country towns, where there is much time for thinking and scheming, has invented the club system because he perceives that there are two weaknesses of which he can take advantage—the weakness of the medical novitiate who dare not venture into the water without a Bwhnmmg belt, and the weakness of the veteran who feus to let the belt go! lest somebody else should grab hold of it The Tradee-hall would find a remedy for such a state of thingB, and why not the Medical Society of Victoria} It is advanced as a reason for raising the' stock tax, and may even be taken as an argument for making that tax prohibitive, that the value of the cattle and sheep in troduced into Victoria in 1890 exceeded the value of the stock and sheep sent out by £1,576,554, which is so much "hard cash sent out of tlie colony that should have1 been distributed among our own producers." How long will this fallacy continue to deceive? No such amount of hard cash has been sent oat of the colony to pay for stock —no hard each at alL The way the matter should be put is this. In 1890 we exported, produce to the value of £1,576,551 to pay for! the stock imputed in that year. Is it not! a pity that we do not keep these goods in; the colony, and close the ports against trade 1 of every kind, including the exporting of grain and farm produce of all kindB, and so, by filling toe warehouses up to toe ceiling, grow wondrous rich ? The popular idea is that money goes ont when stock comes in, because the stock is pud for in cheques and bank drafts, which are re garded as money. Each country wants to be as large an exporter as possible of goods, —toe more it exports the richer it supposes; itself to he growing, but it is averse from exporting "money." Now, the only use "money" can be -put to is in facilitating: buying and selling. Every coin over and i above what is necessary for buying or giving change is idle capital, if kept in the; pocket or pnt away in a stocking. Were the quantity of money in the colony doubled, as' it could be very quickly were Parliament sltting, toe country would be none the better | off. - The banks would have to lock toe surplus money up in burglar-proof safes.! The-Aov&tingoould; be managed by the] simplc expedifint of putting an immediate. Btop to the export of gold in bullion or coin. Is it not surprising that no one baa mooted' this eaBy plan of making the colony rich, at'{ the rate ayear? All this ooin goes out to England, and the wealth it .represents comes hack in goods. Bat no coin goes to Sydney or Brisbane. Queensland imports no gold from Victoria, consequently the sheep and cattle' we buy from Qneeensland are not paid fbrj in "hard cash." .How are they paid fort In cheques and drafts, and in Brisbane and j Melbourne the cheques ire give for cattle are: set of? against toe cheques toe Brisbane! merchants give for ^Victorian goods, not a! single gold coin passing. If, then, we Suc ceed in putting On end to all stock' imports-! tion, either toe goodb we make will oease to go out or we will have to take gold in ex-i change, and this gold will only enter to he sent out. again,;for ,toe purchase of goods,] so tbatw place of ,importing cattle we shall be iinporting goods, if, as is not likely, we' are able to keep up an export trade to! Queensland. If we drive toe Qneenslandem; tato shipping jfrozen meat to London wej shall equally dnve them into taking goods i from Loudon, in payment And if we'ex-! elude stock^rom. Queensland, by express! taxation, the Queenslanders will, by express taxation/ , fanners and marketgardeners, as they have1 begun ho do in a considerable way already.! Aptohfbitive stock tax will awaken a feel-] big against Victorian protectionists and Vic t^rhm ferfnera of the bitterest kind. What ihatbhtetoess can/effect the present move tojNTeteflonfti Vfyileis {with, its proposal toll' oii'battte) ahowa The demand for pfoteo tionin'NewSonth Wales Is strongest in toe Btoerina Mm*, which ate crying out fori revenue. It will thus be seen that there are many things to be considered besides the interests of the grarier who wishes to buy and fatten imported Btock, and the in terests of the grazier who breeds and sells, and objects to porting. The farmer who i keeps no hyti at all is as deeply interested ! as the oAd t\rs keeps them by the hundred. Adelaide bas taken leave of Sir John Bray. Exit a "clever" politician. He will make a good Agent-General, because he has not at any time been a serious or earnest politician. Sir John's cleverness has been chiefly mani fested in obtaining more than an average share of office. Daring his 20 years of Par liamentary life he has been half the time Minister or Speaker—member of seven Go vernments, Speaker of one Parliament. The services of the new Agent-General were ex tolled at a banquet the day prior to his de parture by Sir Henry Ayera, who oouid say very little for Sir John Bray beyond the fact that he had been born in Adelaide (neoes sarily a great merit, some share of which should be reserved tor his parents), that he had been in office the number of times spe cified above, and that he thoroughly believed in tbecolony. If he bad not that faith we should accuse Sir John of being ungrateful, which he has never been. He may now con sider himself provided for tor life, as the South Australians let their Agent-General stay in office daring good behaviour. Sir Henry Ayers did not, we observe, connect Sir John Bray's name with a single important measure. Sir John's forte has not been the passing of measures, but the managing of members of Parliament, and keeping on good terms with as many of them as possible, so that he has been followed for the sake of his plausible manners and nice tact, not for the sake of principles he was prepared to die for. His principle has been to advocate any measure which the voting of the electors showed to be popular, and to abstain from advocating any measure which they were not yet ready to like. A politician professing the faith of Sir John Bray is bound to get on if he unites a moderate amonntof shrewd ness with his tact—or, in other words, if he is quick at foreseeing changes in the weather. Some little time ago, when it pleased small and enviouB people to bestow ill names on politicians who accepted titles of hononr, Sir John (then Mr. Bray) was sounded as to whether he would take knighthood, and having glanced op at the vane on the chnrch spire to see how the wind was blowing, he said, "No"—saying it, moreover, in such a way as to make whatever little capital is to be got out of a refusal of the kind in the hearing of "pure-minded democracy." At a later period the wind shifted, or Mr. Bray had ceased to mind the wind, and he was gazetted K.C.M.G. It will be plain, then, that we do not place Sir John on a high pedestal, or greatly admire his political de termination, yet without doubt he will suc ceed as Agent GeneraL An Agent-General iB an officer who is expected to hare no strong opinions of his own, and to be prompt to give effect to any orders he may receive. Sir John will obey intelligently, ably, zealously, and as he has all necessary faith in the re sources of South Australia, he will never cm any occasion be backward in acting the part of champion. He is acute, vigilant, and painstaking, and if clever jockeyship is at any time wanted he will supply it. Mr, Playford loses something by parting with so clever a navigating lieutenant as Sir John Bray.. Not only is Sir John a heavy miss, but Mr. Kingston, who steps into the vacancy, is a successor who has nothing but his ability to recommend him. When the Premier and Mr. Kingston embraced, they can be imagined to have looked over each other's shoulders and made grimaces (signifying na^s) to the spectators. Mr. Dibbs, in his interview with the re presentatives of the Labour Council of Sydney, exhibited an amount of "back bone " and spoke with a deliberation which are so unusual that we must suppose that some of his sedate colleagues had a hand in drawing up the memorandum which he read. The Labour Council, in effect, asked the New Sooth Wales Premier to swamp the Legislative Council in order to hasten the passage of measures on which the social revolutionist has set his heart. Impatience Is shown by the species agitator in all its actions. It believes that Rome can he built in a day. It has not yet had sufficient experience of attempt and failure to be aware that changes,; to oome off as they should be wished, must be mads with care and hesitation. After "labour" has sat for some years in Parliament, and seen bow frequently the best directed ants 'miss their aim, and noted the harm that they do by hitting the wrong peraons and the wrong interests, it will not be so hurried. Things do not come about merely to please persons who wish for them. For years "labour" believed in the divine efficacy of strikes; now it is beginning to see that strikes'are not divine. It attaches its faith, at present, to agreement- breaking, but here again must experieooe disappointment, as no scheme or policy can prosper long where there is en absence of honourable dealing. It may be true that no eight-hour workers pit in the Sydney Legislative Council; an eight-hours a-day min oouid not spare the titae, and he has certainly no aptitude for legislating. He oouid ohly be a voting machine, the handle of which was tamed by a oommittee of the species agitator, which neither toils nor spins, but iB ever " blatherekitvng," and making promises to the working man which the Author of the Universe has never under taken to fulfil. But, while them are no so called working men inthe Legislative Council there is probably.not a member of the House who has not )>eea a hard worker most df his life, abdwhp ftas rikenfrom the very humblest soda! station. Mr. Dibbs refuses to swamp the Coimcil,' because he recognises that that' bodywsacwated to act as S chebk oh hasty legislitipn-tho precise legislation that inexperienced and impatient people olamonr for-HUid he denies that the Council has gone'Wood its duty. He Ae clines to accept any nominations from the Labour Council, that body being, aa he says " irresponsible." When appointments have to be made to the Oonneil, men will be chosen by the Executive, on their mtwjfa as good citizens, not because they h»iAI>e to any partioular clasa and will go inh> ftje House to vote in a particular way, and at the present juncture no appointments are called for. Mr. Dibbs's attitude will serve bb a contrast hereafter with the action which Mr. Ballanoe may take in New Tea land. The awamping of the Upper House there is understood to be in contemplation. Mr. Ballance's main excuse is that Sir Harry Atkinson, who was a faddist, and, therefore not a politician of firm principles, .put a batch of members into the Upper .House, after his Government had, by the ifesult of the elections, forfeited the support of the people. Thus bad begins, and- worse threatens. But the House of Representa tives, which got a gpod deal of its own way last session, is much troubled in mind about the prudenoe of its financial measures, and' may be secretly grateful to the Upper House for having cast the rest of the bad bills into the fire. Elsewhere, under "Literature," we publish some facts which may be considered inte resting about the great literary effort of Mr. Hubert Howe Bancroft. In the days when human beings were supposed to be possessed" by good or evil spirits his extraordinary enthusiasm would have been accounted for by saying that a daemon had taken lodgment there who was resolved that his victim should devote bis whole existence to working out the ancient history of Pacific America. Mr. Bancroft's lifelong hobby has been collecting books and papers, and formings colossal library for the eluci dation of one specific question. He has got about 80,000 volumes together, and allowing him to be equal to reading one a day, and omitting Sundays and holidays, it will take him about ISO years to read them all, should he live so long. And it is neoesaaty that he. should read;them all, personally or by deputy, in order to pro dace and complete his history of 37 volumes. Methusaleh made a mistake in coining into and leaving the world before the invention of printing. Were be with us now and in his prime he would not have got through half the pile, and every year's ad dition to the pile wonld make his task like that of Sisyphus. Had Gibbon formed a plan similar to Mr. Bancroft's for the writing of the Decline and Fall, his successors would still be collecting, and the work wonld scarcely have been begun. A library of BO.OOO volumes, relating to three or four topics inthe comprehensive en cyclopedia of history, fills one with admira tion and" melancholy—admiration for. the perseverance and induBtry Of the collector, melancholy to think that there should have been such a vast amount of useless writing and prinHnpr, for Mr. Bancroft has spent two or three fortunes in getting these books together in order to boil them down, and the residuum, after the boiling down, will in itself be a considerable library. Nature, to complete her scheme, will now have to pro ceed to create a multitude of readers, other win all Mr. Bancroft's labour will be wasted, sinoe it is no good having hooks if they are not read. But Nature's moods are often ironical, and she purposely leaves her work half-done in order to laugh at human infatuation. Excepting Mr. Herbert Spencer and the rest of the philosophers studying sociology and ethics, these are not many per sons in the world, and very few in "practi cal America," who feel so curious about the native races of the Pacific Slope as to want to spend months and years in reading what they were and what they did. The worship of great libraries is, we fear, more a pretenoe than a reality. We have a magnificent one in Melbourne. How many of the intelligent inhabitants of Melbourne visit it for the' pur poses of study! As many as one,in LOW? Its rooms am an idling place—in many in stances a sleeping pltoe—for loungers and "foafem," who give BO many hours of their monotonous days to the parks and bo many to the library. There see pkobaMy books without number standing pnjlhe shelves that have never beau opened by aqybne but the officials. And. amoqg the gehuiiie readers of boobs, how rare are the Mabanlays, writers who read for the entertainment of' their species. Everyone numbers among his acquaintances two or.Jhree omnivorous readers who never seem a whit Ihe sdaer for their reading-rwbose judgment is the same now as when they wefe children, and who do not once in u long twelve months surprise yen with a no vel quotation. irdinal Manning was probably the last inguished survivor of the band of English rchmsn who went over to the Church of ae ss a result of the Oxford znbvsment of ' a century ago. ffp _p*a not,one ibe y converts ix> Romanism, as hedid not de until 1851, sixyeamafterthepublica i qf the fiunons tract number 00, and the mfibn of Newman; 1 Whit decided final Manning to leave Ike church was decision of the jndioial oommlttee of the ry Counpil in the Gorham case, It was d that a clergyman of toe Church of Eng 1 might hold the vjeyr that divine grace not necessarily giyen in .baptism or con >ion,butmigbtbetmf«rredbefore baptism, ing baptism, Or ut a Uter period of life, i question seisms to ma now of infini mally small Importanoe,; but in. those it was regarded as of vital moment Prisons between Cardihol Manning ami stilF tnofe^ Hluafcriooa, KIMf If . - ll^'Hawmihyafe toevitald^aiidthe te of diffetottoe atoobvkjns.; While the t nmn was: duriMbme land' meditative ftft/jtoSMSr pas^puMo be:» toian and m tqi of theworid. He be longed to the c'ass of prelates who-in former days ruled the state in matters Secular as well as ecclesiastical. He took an active part in all movements of a practical and philanthropic character, but his interest in these was clearly subsidiary to the great aim of his life, which was to extend in every possible way the power and influence of the Church of Rome. When he bestirred himself in the labour disputes of the last few years, and showed a tendency to side with the work men, he evidently wished to convince them that his church might prove their best friend. His faith was great, and perhaps it seemed to him not impossible that the working classes of England might yet rejoin the fold from which they Btrayed over three centuries ago. Cardinal Maning was a remarkable and imposing figure in the life of his time, but we musj not make the mistake of placing him, or for that matter Cardinal Newman, on the pedestals reserved for the greatest bene factors of mankind. They were not in the van of modern progress. The movement which they directed was in the main a re trograde one, and though their efforts were stupendous, they could hot be permanently successful. A curious action for libel has been decided' in the English law courts. Mr. JamesPinnock sued Messrs. Chapman and Hall, the well known publishers, to recover damages for an attack upon his character alleged to be contained in a volume of West African Stories, published by the firm, and written by Major A. B. Ellis. The plaintiff was a pro minent trader on the West Coast of Africa, and he asserted that one of the persons in the stories, a " James Peacock," was meant for him. This Peacock did a numberof very wrong things, such as enooufaging his | master to drink himself to death, so that he might get a large sum of money, and it was stated and pretty clearly proved that the writer had mixed np inhisstory anumber of incidents in the life of Pinnock with discreditable doings that were purely fictitious, the general result being that those who knew Pinnock and the real events of his life would be likely to attribute to him the fictitious and disreputable incidents. Hence Mr. Pinnock brought an action, to clear his character, and not to get vindictive damages. Although the jury awarded him £200, he had to put up with a good deal that was not very pleasant, and that many men would not willingly submit to for far more than that amount. Thus he had to admit that the following description applied to himself—" Peacock was not hand some ; his nose was flat, the jaw hard and square, the- cheek bones prominent, and the eyes, brown in colour, were small and rather close together. Altogether his face was of that type commonly met with in profes sional pugilists and dog fanciers." Even the judge in his summing up decided that the plaintiff was not handsome. For the defence it was contended that the character of Peacock was not meant to apply to Pinnock, and the evidence was somewhat conflicting. On the whole, however, it seems probable, and the jury took this view, that Major Ellis had taken certain descriptions' and incidents from Pinnock's life,embellished them as is the wont of writers of fiction, and put them forward as characteristic of a disreputable West African trader. An in teresting point arises out of this case. How far may a writer take certain incidents or traits of character from real life and heighten them for fictitious purposes without rendering himself liable to an action for damages! It is admitted that Dickens borrowed the outlines of the amusing but not otherwise estimable Skimpole from Leigh Hunt Would the latter, therefore, have been entitled to damages, because some people thought that it was an accurate portrait of him! Dickens always denied that he in tended the character as a whole to represent Leigh Hunt In future novelists will have to be careful how they draw from real life, especially their villains; and publishers re ceiving M.S. from abroad may require a sub stantial guarantee from the writer that there is no offence in it 