GENERAL NEWS. THE PARIS ANARCHISTS. DETAILS OF THE CARMAUX OUTRAGE. PARIS, 12th November. Kavnohol, after being eondomncu to death, constantly rcpoatcil, without any bravado, that ho left behind him a orecd and a school, and that his execution would not in tho least extin guish Anarohism. His prediction has been well illustrated by the explosion of dynamite in the omce ot tlio Commissary ot Police, Rue dee Bona Enfants, and whore 330 years ago an infernal maohine was exploded, mortally wounding a valet. Baron Reille is the chairman of the Carmaux Colliery Company, whose offices aro situated in the Avenue do l'Oporn, not far from the Thoatro Franqais. The politieat strike at Car- manx is well known ; the directors blundered into abusing thoir power by endeavoring to coerce 3Q00 miners to plump, as they desired, for the local mayor. In a word, the oolliers refused, eleeted their own man, and the advanced Republicans took up thoir defunoe. Tho Government seemed to have lost its head a little in tho matter; it feared to incur bloodshed, and it did not liko to split tho Republican party. Tho Primo minister patohed the quarrel up as arbi trator, but iiis ruling doos not appear to hare given general satisfaotion. Tho fire has not been extinguished ; it smoulders. Though the minors when on strike wero not lambs, they got through their ten weeks of self inflioted suffering fairly. They blow off a good deal of steam at indignation meetings, and social revolution deputies con stantly kept dropping in upon thorn to orack up their politieal spirits and keop tho ball rolling. The strikers sang q good deal ; it is as good to sing as to ory one's misery ; the Carmagnole was their national anthem ; thoy added to it stanzns of eirconstances, and showed the red portion only of tho tricolor in their street marchings on. Wives and daughtars struok in— political halle lujah lassos. It is not permitted to display the red, blaok, yellow or white flag, save in a comotory ; the dead cannot protest. Ingenious and spite ful, tho Socialists have of lato, in order to eludo tho law, fallon linok on tho tricolor ; but roll up tho blue and white divisions round tho staff so that only tho rod is visiblo, with a ghost of a whito selvngo, recalling those shops that " mark in plain figures " tho prices of artiolos, ndding tiny integers in pence betwoen the loops and the heads of tho shilling figures. ' It would not be .just to say tho Carmaux oolliers are Anarohists ; neither would it be truo to state that any army of industry is composed of Gallio Nihilists. The latter aro generally idiots, lunatios, or knaves on, tho loose, with more or less method in .their madnoss. Each member appears to play off his own bat ; they havo no guild, and to syndicate would bo contrary to their freo liberty and Utopian indepen dence. The Anarohists proper float about as restless spirits — like disease germs, seeking a milieu into whioh to dovolop. Thoir aim is, to Btrike terror ; to kill oonfidonoo ; to undormino security. They aro strangers to conscience— whioh they possess not ; to pity— which they have never known ; and to reforma tion— that they ignoro when they do not com. prohend. They labor to drive "Ruin's plough, share o'or oreation." Every stablo institution is .for thorn an . iniquity ; every being who has risen by tho swoat of his brow ".to oaso or afiluenoo is a lusus natura , to be de stroyed — extirpated. A capitalist naturally inoarnates all tho.hatos of Anarchy. Baron Roilio, as. chairman, had to resist tho Carmaux strikers. Tho Anarchists speedily marked him — had his dose of dynamito prepared. Tho lattor was plaood in a stew pan oallod a oocottc, whioh is made of oast rotten iron, .fra gile as glass and heavy as a bombshell. Its lid fits the mouth of tho pot liko a glove ; tho handlo3 or oars on oaoli side, when fastened by bands of stool, convert the poor man's favorito stow pot into a voritable opus. Nothing now remains but to rango inside tho explosives, with tho necessary oarthqnake oliomioals. In tho midst placo a olook work arrangement that will at a certain lionr run down, break aoid phials, induco ignition, and thon up go housos and down go mortals. That is how tlio oatastrophe ocourred in tlio office of tho Commissary of Police in tho Ruo des Bons Enfants, onusing fivo deaths, and these moro instantly than tlio electrocution fauteuil in tho Sing Sing prison, or tho most perfcot Berry drop. The c ocotlc had boon placed botwean tho folding entrance doors to tho Carmaux Company's offioes, intended spe cially to oporato on Baron Rollle, who camo ovory morning to examine the official corres pondence and to rend his usnal daily letters to prepare for nn-nihiintion. Memento quia pulvis ca. Tho head clerk espied tlio tho office of tlio commissary of polioo, tho porter and a policeman oarriod it off. Hardly lind they entered the police magistrate's office, when a terrible oxplosion, said to have been heard at tho Grand Hotel, ono-third of a mile away, onsuod. A wing of tho mansion was blown up ; not ono of tlio five individuals present lived to relate the oatastrophe ; they wero reduced to carbon, or jelly or soattcrod fragments. Th.( intestines of tho soorotary wero found hanging on a gas branch. Gould Zola beat that I Paris was astounded ; it was just recovering from the shock oooasioncd by the diseovery of another parcol containing the ohopped up body of a woman — some say of a man, but as usual doctors differ. ' One poliooman dropped dead at the sight of tho carnage and the ruins. Tho city is still in a high fever of excitement, and no arrest has boon made to calm its nerves. The munioipal council was sitting at the time, and played a trump card. It has been accused of backing oxploding politics ; it at once unani mously, and without debate, decided to oxoouto tho obsequies of the fivo victims at the exponsa of the city ; to grant free graves for ever to their remains, with appropriate memorials ; and to provido for tho desolate families. The funoral, collectively civil, but religions according to tho porsuasion of tho docoased, took place amidst a sorrow striokon population, surrounded with tho representatives of the State and tho iiighest officials from the departments of tho public and private offioos to whioh the defunct be longed. As ovor, the first ory of the irrefleotives is— Muzzle tho press 1 as if the savages who execute these orimos cared one jot whether the press was free or manaoled. Even the licence of liberty is better than, the compression of des potism. Consult realms that have tried both plans, and that havo populations possessing tho intelligence to seize nnd to feel tiio differ- qitwci tjuuiufj in vututija utt ctuiutiiuii j ono must take the seismic shocks with aang froid, whilo sternly repressing the agents of destruction and the removal of . tho elements that foster their postiferous growth. Kcop tho police better in hand by superior organisation and better pay. Thero must be no indifference in matters affecting tho upholding of public order. Tlio legislators too have tiieir work to oxecute : to not toy with the promises thoy have held out to tho world of workers. These promises onnnot bo roalised by a touoh of a wizard's wand ; even tlio world itself took six days to bo created, and then, as Oarlylo has it, the Creator rested to soe it spin ning round. Oiearly we are laden down with sooial questions ; to allow them to drift into sooial ohaos would be to invite a cataclysm. Thero are 200 places in England and Wales, 45 in Scotland and 51 in Ireland whioh aro supplied with life saving apparatus, while four ou tho IbIo of Man and one on the Channel Islands bring up the total of 301. By those means 216 lives wero snved in the year ending June, 1891. This doos not inalude tho work of the lifeboats, nearly all of whioh aro under tho management of tho lloyal National Lifeboat Institution. 