NORTH-WEST COAST NOTES. (PB01I OUB TRAVELLING COEKE6PONDBNT.) ROUND ABOUT CIRCULAR HEAD, Leaving Stanley by way of the beach, that at low water may be followed rigbt round the east inlet, my kinsman, who is a native of the plaoe, points out a spot about haif a mile ont in the bay where some water fowl are swimming, and telle me that he can remem ber when the beach was out there, and there was a grass paddock where we are now riding; and as this was within the last quarter of a oentury it tends to show how old Neptune Is encroaching on the Peninsula. Many years ago the Stanley races usea so ue held on thie beach, and it wae here that poi.-r young Willie Carfoll was killed when ridinp In a match cx- tween two local horses for £50 a-idde. We meet many teams oomiog in laden with potatoes. In one of these teams there is 14 uullocks, which lease one to think thero are bad roads somewhere inland. Near '-Nick Fenc' we crocs over to the W«tern Inlet, and follow the wide beach for ?ome distance, it was on this beach that a formei district-constable of Stnnley was fonnd drowned, under rather myaierious cir cumstances, which were never very eati&fac-; torily cleared up ; and my companion telle a good story about a supposed ghost tha' a couple of travellers thought they saw htre ? ae night, and which tur-ed out tc he nothing worse than a grey horse, whioh a jeideutof the forest had riide'. i'.to 'he townehip, ana turned loose to tiud iU own way home. We leave the beach a few miles c ut from Vhere we went on to it and take the Duck Biver- road, wh;ch Las bren made m pla&.-s, but it is not a verv good runa on the whole (or in theholep),aid luit ie why the beach is generally made uro of when the tide wiil permit. At ' JTord's Cor ier' we take a bye road, which leadb up to a very bteep hill, and j Me eonntry here changes irom tho loamy j fltts, near the seaboard, to the richtet choco- , lata soil which bas made the fame of Circular : Head world-wide as a potato-growiDf J- | trict. The first farm ot the leu is Bally Esady, tbe property of Mr F. W. Ford, aud oontains 400 aciee of litbt ?lass land, at present stocked with sheep. Tne farm on the opposite side of the road is Bvandale Valley, tha property of Mr V. Breheney, of Stanley ,and atpre^nt managed by his sons. Here we make a halt and have a look round tbe pl*ce, which is well lei. red aud wsll kep*, although I am told it was a wilderness of briars and ferns when Mr Brebeney purchased it from the executors of the late Mr Dennis Carroll, tbe oiigina* pro prietor. And who iB there that has ever heard of Circular Head and has not heard of ' Denny ' Carroll, who, ia cou-mon with all other popular men, was invariably called by his Christian name without t e prefix of Mr, ' Denny ' Carrol! grew some woncierfui crops of potatoes on this property, and obtained ae high as £20 a ton for eome of them ; and it is said of him I tint be was one ol the moet hospitable men thai ever lived at ? f ! ; the Heads, for be kept open honse for all classes and creeps After partaking of dinner with the Breh-*n-*y brothers — who have their bachelor quarters very comfortable—we ride through the property of MrT B. King, another splendid fBrm of considerable extent aud we next orane to tbe estate of Mews. Ferguson, whioh is one of the finest farms on the ('oast, a* 1 h. T - are S50 acre* in it. and it Is all well olearcd and sub-divided into oonveniently S'zed paddncks. 1 hraxd general regret ex pressed at the prospect of this property pass* i-g out o! the hacde of tha Fergusons— a w.'i'-known and blghlv-re- pected family, whofe grandfather purchased this plaoe in the verv early davs of the colony. In a most romautic-lookiog spot not far from the homestead the pioneer 6ettler and several members of hta fami!yiare la'd to rest, beneath the shade of the largest ash tree I ever saw. Adj -ining Motherwell— for that Is the name of tbe Ferguson?' place— ic tbe farm of Mr W. W Wells, whom we find withihia six sons d'eging potatoes, aud although tbe land is of the best, Mr Welle tells ns that his orop Is a poor one to what it has been other years, and this applies to all the potato crops about, for the grub has played havoc with them, and as the present price here in 276 --d per ton, tho farmers are having a bad time of it. Still thingB in general look healthier at Circular Head than in other parte of the colony, for most of the farmers a -out this part are their own landlords and ;.rr? in comfortable circnmstanoes, and when ih?y visit the one bank in Stanley it is },'?r.crally to place money in and not take it ti.. At least so I have been told, and my informant was, I think, a reliable one. On Mr Wells' farm there is a wonderfully heavy crop of mangolde— 40 tons to the acre. The next farm to Mr Wells' is that of Hills Brothers, where there is a moet comfortable el ending with a fine garden and orchard. Hops were grown here by the late Mr Hills, only recently deoetsed* Hillsbury is a well' kept farm, and there is a splendid grove of blaokwoods by the creek side that Rives the place a picturesque appearance. The Hills brothers have a nice stud of horses, bnt witb these I deal under another heading. On moet of the farms that I have visited there are some fine cattle lineal descendants of the V.D.L, shorthorns. When at High field, Mr Harry Ford showed me eome very fine shorthorn steers, and a white bnll of the Rob Boy blood that would be hard to beat in a show yard. 