:John Taggert's Trial. By, sLr. 'melia' . Barr. Thirty-five years ago this summer, I spent some delightful months in that most .pie= turesque and charming of retreats--the Isle of Man, with my headquarters at Castle town. SDoring the summer months, when the her ring fishery was at its height, Castltown pier in the early hours of the morning was a most picturesque place, with its boats and masses of gleaming fish and queer fisherman -and fisherwomen, too, for that matter Irish and Scotch and Welsh and English and Manx. But towering, like Saul, head and shoulders above the crowd, I noticed always a young Manxman, who seemed to be an authority on all subjects of sale. He wore the common dress of blue flannel, cut in the usual quaint, ungraceful form, but no form of dress could have spoiled a figure moulded in nature's noblest proportions. His bare, brown throat supported a head and face strikingly hand some, though it was evident from its glowing, bronzed tint, that it had been set against the suns and winds of heaven for many a year. We soon found out that this man was universally respected, and eagerly sought after, not only by his own class, but by leisurely visitors, to whom his knowledge of the ses and of the coast, and of every point of interest within a day's pleasuring, was invaluable. He seemed, however, to particunlarly attach himself to a young Englishman, called Philip Saville, who spent some of his time sketch ing, riding, and dining with the oflicers of the garrison; but the most of it in an open boat out at sea. Indeed, people soon began to notice that Philip S svil!e and the fislher man, John Taggert, were never vary long apart. The summer passed, and autumn, with its occasional stormy days, was upon us. Still Saville lingered, people said. soeely because lihe could not bear to part with John Taggert. I had, however, some doubts as to whether John was the only charm; for twice whoa I had been gathering blackberries in Bxllab^g woods, I had come upon Savilla and a beauti ful peasant girl, named Mary Biyd. balonging to the little hamlet on the sanode, A few days after my second meeting of them, I received an invitation to attend a Mans fisherman's wedding to be given in the great barn of Gwynne estate; for the bride's people had been retainers of the Grcynnes for centuries and the master of Gwynne and'all his family were to dance at the bridal. Many of the oflicers and visitors of the city were guests, and among the rest, Philip S.ville. His glance, on entering the barn, sought until it found Mary, and then it followed her every movement. It seemed to specially annoy Philip that John Taggert was on the most familiar terms with her, and after a while, as John passed him, he said, in a querulous voice : "I should think, John, you would be tired trottibg round after that little girl you have done nothing else for nearly three hours." John answered pleasantly : " And what for would I be tired in three hours, when it is all the days of my life I mean to trot after her?" Philip's face darkened visibly, but he made no answer. Soon alter, howeaver, I missed him, and looking through the room, I saw Mary was also absent. It was a lovely Sep tember night, with a full, yellow moon, and as many of the visitors had left the barn for a stroll on the firm, dry sands, I took a friens1'e arm and joined them: We had not walked far, when we met Philip and Mary hand in hand, and when John Taggert missed his love and his friend, he walked to the barn-door and instantly saw them saunter ing together on the moonlit sands. It did not take him many minutes to reach them. " Mary," he said, in an angry voice, "you come. home with me at once, or .. . o.s. it yon-`tsr?feao?tn'"-mbte, titinever come with you again." "You can please yourself, Mary Boyd; it's not John Taggert, though he is your pro mised husband, that will ask you twice." And with a furious look at Pnilip, which Philip answered by a provoking little laugh, John went back to the wedding guests. But all his gaiety was gone: he would neither dance nor sing; and long before the festivities were over, he left. As he went home, he glanced toward the sands. Philip and Mary were together. Philip held her hand, and stooped his proud head to listen to what she was saying. John glanced but a moment at this bitter sight, then, with a muttered threat, not plcaeant to hear, he took the other way. Unfortunately, several people heard the words, and they were after ward recalled to his condemnation. A party of Rock-Cod fishers came in one morning, bringing with them 'hilip's private rowing-boat, which they had found floating a couple of miles out of harbor. His line and a couple of books were in the boat, and the oars were found not far away; but there was no trace of the young man. People bh ian to inquire nexs where John had been during the flow of that morning's tide, and when it was proved that he had been seen leaving the harbor very early that mornirg, many looked on him with faces of dreadful meaning. Still, none liked to be prematu:e. Mr Seaville was always swayed by the caprice of the moment, and it was suggested that he had perhaps met a fishing-smack, and gone with' the crew to enjoy some deep-sea fishing. Every boat that came into the little ports ad jaasnt was eagerly inquired of : no one, how ever, had seen anything of the missing man. Day by day the suspicion of foul play grew more definite. When ten days had elapsed, and no letters or tidings came, the proper authorities took charge of Philip's personal effects, and John Taggert was arrested on suspicion, but there being no positive evidence to confirm the vague suspicions regarding him, he was ac quitted. Butnow began the worst of hIis punish ment. The severity of the old laws of Man had made the peasantry look upon crime as something altogether dreadful; murder weas a thing nearly unknown, and beyond tle pale of excuse or pardon; its very susoicion wafs afrightful thing. John Taggert found him self in pretty much the same condition as the excommunicated man in the Dark SAges. He could get no work; if he had not had money saved, he must have starved or lelt Castletown. About Christmas time, he met on the sea-shore the rector of the church he had once so regularly attended. He would have paseed him with a dark, averted face, but the good man would not let him; he put out his hand and looked John steadily and kindly in the face. "John," he said, r" do you think I am going to eat my Christmas dinner with your dark, stubborn face haunting me? Why have you not come to see me in Tour trouble ?" 'Your servants, sir, would have sai I left a bloody step at the door-stone. Would you have allowed me to stand upon your hearth?" "Did you ever try me, John 1 Turn now with me and come to my study, for I have something to say to you.,' Then the good man led him on to tell all the petty insults whose tremendous cumula tire power was fast turning him into a fierce, bitter hater of his kind; and the poor fellowfound comfort even in this unburden ing of his grief, as well as in the unspoken sympathy that glistened in his listener's eyes. At last, when the heavy heart had un burdened all its agony, the rector said: "John, why don't you go away from Casetletown ?" "No, sir," he answered, passionately; "' I have done nothing to run away for. If there is any justice in Heaven, it will clear me in the sight of my neighbors and kinfolk. I can wait; but I want to be here on the spot when God is ready to hear my cause." "Are you sufering for money or neces. saries 0" "Not muooh, sir; for since your reverence has been so hind to me, I will trust you with my onesecret. Mary Boyd brings me many a bowl of bread and milk to the old Druid *tonea. Our people don't venture there after night,?:ibut Mary loves me,;:anodlove is not ?feaced of ghosts. ::: : "1 am tlId to near the 'Joh'n Tlhen Marv, as well a?I, believes you to be inno For a moment John could not'peakl; then with full eyes, l aonswered i S' For the i?'iisrds, sir G; d bles yol Ii d you and 3ary believo me innocent. aninot quite hopelets. Mary has never doubtedmoe ; she sought me out at once in my trouble and loneliness. I should have gono mad or died the last few weeks but for her." "If I should give you work and a little cottage, would Mary marry you, and thus enable-you to live down, in your own home, these suspicions?" '" Yes, sir, she would leave all her people and come to me; but that is a thing I would not let her do. I would not stain my Mary's name, and, perhaps, the unborn innocent, with my misfortune. When I am proved guilless is time enough for me to marry." After this, John was sullen and silent enough, but he did the work the rcotor gave him, and the support of a man so respected began, in some slight degree, to change publio sentiment. But if there was any change in his neigh bore, John took no notice of it. He spoke to no one, he did what work the rector gave him, or spent whole days on the winter sea, comforted at rare, happy moments by a stolen visit from Mary. And so the weeks crept on, until the middle of February. There had been a heavy wind all day, and the sea and the wind rose together as thbs day ad. vanced. Going up Malew street, he met an old man who had once been his hearty ad mirer and friend. The man had not spoken to him since his trouble, but this time he said, timidly : "Going to be a very bad, dirty night, John." 'Yes," replied John, curtly. "Small craft pretty near Q ciggin Point: Hope she may not get too near them Scarlet It es." "If she was worth her sails she would have ono: into her harbor early to-day." It was the longest conversation John had held with any ot his comrades for months. Lie suddenly remembered the fact, and walked hurriedly away. 'Poor fellow I" muttered the old man. '" 3iybo, now, he is none to blame." Tnat night the storm grew wilder and wilder until midnight, and long before dawn, .in the pauses of the wind, could be faintly hea.rd the gun of a ship in distress. As soon as it was light, a crowd of men gathered on the shore, watching eagerly the craft in danger. It was hard to tell what she was all her masts were gone, and she seemed to be rapidly breaking up. Yet the sea ran so high, and the danger of launching a boat was eo imminent, that the oldest sailor feared to risk: it. Teen John Taggert stepped eagerly for ward. " Will any man go with me," he said, " to save yonder poor fellowat" N eone spoke. 1O all races the Manx are the most sup:rstitions; and if John was really a murderer, they did not wish to share his fate; so no one answered his appeal by word or movement. John set his lips and frowned darkly." "Is there any man here, then, who will help me launch a boat, and I will go alone 1" " I will," said the old man, who had spoken to him the day before. Nh3w, if ever a human being was in a mood to command winds and waters, John Taggert was that morning. He leaped off the quay into the dropped boat, and all thought for a moment that he had found his death, but presently they saw him grasping both oars, erect and firm. Just then the rector reached the anxious crowd. "God bless you, John !" he cried. But John heard not the blessing; his face was set seaward, every muscle, every sense was strained to the uttermost, and yet he afterward said he was sensible of no exertion. Ite rowed as a man in a dream might row. Through marvellous dangers and difficulties he reached the wreck; then as he neared it, he.gave a. great shount. for, clinging rto a remnn?s?v oLa "tbsh" matnmcestg'wSs fgurr'"ss knew but too well. He could not doubt his eyes-it was, it certainly was Philip Saville . HIere was his vindication. Jobn never doubted but that Heaven had sent it. and even as he toiled in rowing, be did not forget the uplifting of his heart in unutterable gratitude. How he got the men oif the wreck and brought the crowded boat back safe to Castletown quay was always a mystery to John. IHe was always inclined to regard the whole affair as somewhat supernatural. In truth, he was possessed by feelings far beyond those that move us to ordinary action, and the enthusiasm that filled his own soul he imparted to the half-drowned men he came to enve. They obeyed.him as if he bad been a god, and John had part of his reward in the shouts that greeted the boat as she slowlr and dangerously neared the land. But when John himself titted Philip Savillo out of it, and in his strong, loving arms carried him asa mother would carry a child, men were afraid to speak; for there was an exaltation in his manner that awed them ; so. also, when the rector drew him into the square, and a great crowd gathered round the juetified man, there were more hand-shakings than words, for the Manx are a silent people, more given to actions than professions. Philip's explanation .was a natural one. Early one morning, he had met out at sea the yacht of an old companion, and learned from .him that his elder brother had been killed by a railway accident, and that the family lawyer was looking for him. As there was only two steamers a week between the Island and Liverpool, and as it would be im possible to catch the one sailing that day. his friend had cffered to run him across to Liverpool in his ydcht. Without much thought, he had accepted the offer, leaving a note in the boat to inform his landlady what to do with his effects if anyone found the boat, which was almost certain to bethecase. He had also instructed his lawyer to write to Castletown; but both directions had failed. P'robably the note had been blown away; and the lawyer, amid the more important business oi settling up and transferring the estate, had not thoughs the few sovereigns lying in Castletown of urgent interest, and of graver consequences he was totally ignorant. Then Ph'ilip had been compelled to leave Englatnd immediately with a siSter, whose delicate health the shock of her brother's death had greatly injured. Amid the delights of Iome, he forgot his Coetletown life, until one mornine, about a montlh i:revious, in a package of delayed Esglioh letters, he found one frcns the rector of Castletown, detailing theb wrtcrhedl consequences of Mr. Saville's disappearance. This lett'r had tern sent to the family seat after 'Philip's departure for Italy, had boen forwarded to his lawyer in London, and, after many delays, finally reached the right person. Witlhout a emoment's delay, Philip had etrited for England, and finding that in winter steamers only run orce a wreek tae tween the Island and Liverpool, he hired a small craft to bring him over at oege to Castletown, and he had thus ment the storm that had so nearly proved fatal. TYere are some calamities that ncver meet adequate compensation, for Job does not always re cover his sons and daughters, but everything that a friendship coneecrated and sealed in the very presence of death couled devise, and everytling that alunldael:t wealth could per form, Pnilip did to recompense the weary, shameful months that were irreclaimable. Henceforward, John sailed his own lship,and Mary received as hler wedding gift the prettiest cottage in her native villago, and together they have seen many good days, and had their full share of prosperity. "Now you never smell the odor of liquor on my breath," said tle young clergyman, expostulating with Staggers for his bibulous propensities. "No; what do you do for itl?" asked Staggers, with deep interest. TnE German of it.-" That Slyths is a good deal of a hypocrite." " In what way ?" " Why, he's the kind of a man that would strain at a beer and swallow a kummel." How do you like that young Yale man you employed as messenger, Mr Barkins 1" " He's a very good fellow," returned the I banker; "he lete me do pretty much as I please." 