SUMMER RESORTS. BUNDANOON. (BY "BUSY BEE") Residents of the Riverina district who feel the climate too trying for endurance in the heat of summer might, if means permitted take a run down the Sydney line as far as Bundanoon, where the air is so clear and bracing that one has only to go there for a few days to find that it is quite an easy matter to solve the problem "Is life worth living ?" Of course there are more fashionable resorts than Bundanoon, such as Moss Vale, Bowral, and Sutton Forest, which places are a few miles nearer Sydney, are lighted with electricity, and are in close proximity to the vice regal summer residence. But to those who wish to get their lungs full of fresh, bracing, health- giving, eucalypt-scented air ; to those who wish to explore primeval forests and plunge into deep ravines to find "The upland torrent and the lowland rill, The stream of valley and the spring of hill, The pools that slumber and the brooks that run, Where dense the leaves are, green the lights of sun." To those who long to pierce the unknown depths of cavernous wastes amongst mountain ranges, where naught breaks the stillness but the cry of the mock bird, or the whisper of the wind as it echoes through the treetops, Bundanoon will be found the perfection of a holiday retreat, as it also is a resting place and a sanatorium for those who are enervated by the oppressive heat of such a climate as is ex perienced in the district proverbially known as "between the three rivers." To reach the mountains there is no necessity to go to Sydney, and then take a trip on the Western line to reach the Blue Mountains. Distant hills are green is an old saying; in this instance we may substitute the term "blue." The oft- quoted Blue Mountains, though, so praised for their beauty and grandeur, as well as for their bracing air, are in reality very little different from the chain of mountains that lie betwixt Goulburn and Sydney, and indeed were one carried blindfold to certain spots near Bundanoon, and then told to unbandage their eyes and gaze around, the first impression would be that they were within a few yards of Wentworth Falls or Govett's Leap. I shall never forget my first visit to Bundanoon, which I reached by mail train from Sydney at the eerie hour of 1 a.m. The day in the city had been oppressively warm, and a regular brickfielder had swept the streets, filling eyes and ears with hot dust, consequently we were attired in summer garments. As we left the train at Bundanoon we were glad to hurriedly wrap our persons in shawls and jackets, for we shivered as we got our first breath of pure, clear, incisively cold air. The moon's pale beams irradiated the surrounding scene, and myriads of bright stars pierced the vault of heaven, looking like diamonds on tbe brow of a dusky woman. My first thought as I glanced upwards was, "How large the sky seems here, and how numerous the stars ?" For in the city we only see a small patch of sky, and the stars are dimmed by the smoky atmosphere. But here, the air was so clear and pure that the minutest object in the surroundings could be discerned in the tranquil moonlight. The distant cottage far up the road, which was our destination, appeared to be only a few yards off. What a brisk, bright walk it was, only a few hundreds of yards along a white road, bordered by mossgrown fences and a few straggling bushes, the picture etherealised by a fairy-like web of white luminous moon rays, our teeth chattering as well as our tongues, then the welcome at the cottage door and what a change had been achieved in a few short hours from the city's dust and din and heat to cold keen air and a bright wood fire, near which we were glad to sit as we partook of our supper. And how suddenly we had found our appetites sharpened by contact with such fresh bracing air. The newly-baked scones, crisp butter, and fresh eggs seemed altogether superior in flavour to that which we had been accustomed to eat in Sydney. That morning, after a few hours refreshing sleep, as we took a stroll around in the bright sunshine we felt felt to be alive, we inhaled the fresh air, drinking deep draughts with as much gusto as did Sir John Falstaff when imbibing his quart of sack. It was a delight to sit and feel the sun on such a lovely Sabbath morn, for here all was peace. There was no church near, but all nature worshipped the Creator by simply looking its best. The sky could not possibly be more brightly, darkly blue, the fleecy cloudlets could not be more purely white, the sun's rays be no more balmy, nor the air more invigorating than on that particular morning. A deep serene calm brooded over everything, and the scent of the dewy earth mingled with the fragrant breath of young foliage and budding flowers. In the city we used to feel tired after walking "down town;" here, in this bracing atmosphere, we walked four miles along a bush track that guided us through forest and scrub, up hill and down dale to a point at which farther progress was impossible unless recourse were made to rope ladders and slides, for we had arrived upon the edge of a vast deep ravine, at the bottom of which ran a stream or small river that, by intently listening to, we could faintly hear rushing over its rocky bed but could not discern, so far below our level was it hidden by the great trees that grew to an enormous height in their efforts to get into the sunlight above. Here we stood and surveyed the scene spread before our gaze, deeply impressed with the grandeur and sombre silence around. Far across the wide chasm, the opposite bank, or rock wall, weather beaten and stained with flood and fire, looked like the broken-down walls of an ancient city, and away beyond the mountains rose, range after range, attaining a greater altitude and a bluer tint in the distance, stretching away and away till their vague outlines seemed to melt into the deep azure of the horizon. What pigmies we felt ourselves to be as we peered into the abyss beneath our feet, where "in the deep hearts of the glens unseen stand grave, mute forests of eternal green," or, looking upward, watched the slow flight of an eagle as he soared above the face of the cliff on the opposite side of the ravine, looking no bigger than a house swallow in the distance. The deep serene silence of solitude was over all, and we felt that "Where the gray, grave, pondering mountains stand. High music lives - the place is holy land !" But lengthening shadows warned us that it was time to turn our steps homewards, and as we retraced our woodland path "the soft white feet of afternoon" had departed, and we watched the glory of the setting sun, as his beams glinted downwards through the green of tree-tops, across "valleys and hills with the whisper of evening in them;" and as the glorious sunset consumed itself in a golden glow, the rich mellow tints subsided into tender primrose and pale opal hues. The village of Bundanoon possesses a small railway station, a post office, small shops, &c.;, and scattered about are a few cottages and boardinghouses for summer visitors. Almost every house has its garden, and at the time of my visit the hawthorn bushes were in bloom as were the cherry orchards, which made the village a homely scene. We visited the public school, where we saw a lot of rosy-cheeked children who looked the picture of health and rustic comeliness, and after signing our names in the visitors' book, were shown a collection of mineral specimens and geological curiosities gathered by tbe teacher in charge, whom we found to be a most intelligent gentleman and student of nature. In the afternoon we went for a drive along a road which was so regular in its undulations as to remind me of the switchback railway ; one minute we were swiftly careering down a steep hill, every instant expecting to see our horse lose its footing and pitch on to his head; the next minute the poor animal was breasting an incline or "pinch" with a gradient like to a railway embankment. In the pasture land, in the green valleys where buttercups grew in such quantities as to appear like sheets of burnished gold, and on the well-grassed, beautifully wooded hills, fat cattle grazed knee deep in pasture, while the fragrant breath of clover in bloom filled the air. Our way lay through a portion of the Badgery estate, and here the scene was not so charming, for the timber had been ringbarked years previously, and the trees now looked like skeletons or ghosts of their former selves, and thousands of acres of fine country was overgrown with tussocks of coarse grass totally unfit for fodder, and only possible of utilizition for thatching purposes were such a necessity to arise. Passsing the Badgery dairy farms and butter factory, also the homestead, a handsome tree-surrounded residence, we arrived in sight of Sutton Forest, which is "so English, you know," with its fine country residences inhabited during the summer months by wealthy city magnates. Indeed the village is thoroughly English or British in appearance as well as in customs. The poor people live in small cottages, which are clustered together, each having its tiny garden, sheltered bv a few fine old English trees, while on the high ground and surrounding hillocks on every available "beauty spot" stands a picturesque house, with carriage drive, shrubbery, lawn, tennis court, &c.; On a perfectly rounded hill, with sloping lawns and winding avenue, stands the vice-regal country house, and across the village on an opposite eminence is Sir George Innes's residence, which in appearance is more unique than handsome. Altogether there are about a dozen fine houses within sight of the centre of the village, which has taken as its natural right a lovely position in the valley. As I saw Sutton Forest (the name is a misnomer, for there is no forest within sight of the village) it appeared a perfect picture of arcadian and rustic beauty and simplicity. The hawthorn hedges were white with bloom, as were tbe cherry orchards, and the gardens were balmy with the indescribable freshness of newly opened flowers and the spicy breath of old-fashioned clove pinks and double stocks, that beautified the dooryards of low-browed wooden cottages over which the willows drooped their thin delicate feathery branches. On every hand tall, glassyleaved poplars glistened in the sun, and cedars, firs, and the delicate green of the new-leaved oak, whose foliage was yet unstained by dust, made charming pictures of light and shade in many tones of living green, while showers of white petals were carried on the breeze from the cherry and pear trees outspread over hedges of roses. Here and there a clump of yellow gorse, with its brilliant coloring varied the hues of a cottage garden, in which seemed to be garnered all the sweet old-fashioned blooms and spicy herbs. The return drive was by way of Exeter, and our way ran through some splendidly wooded country, where the soil was of a rich chocolate or dark-red color, and the winding unmade road looked like a red scratch on the face of mother earth. Some of the walks about Bundanoon are delightful in the freshness of early morning when the air is filled with the vague scent of growing plants and budding trees. During the course of an early morning ramble we strolled along a lane that led to the summit of a hill which seemed to touch the sky. When we arrived at the highest point we found we could look over the brow of the hill into an orchard, white with bloom, and drenched with dew, which lay asleep in the valley beneath. By the side of the lane under a hedge of bracken, we discovered treasures of blue- eyed wild violets and maiden-hair ferns, and before we left Bundanoon our kind hostess (Mrs. Wilson) filled our arms with the choicest blooms of the bush—great masses of mauve-colored flowers of a delicate freshness and beauty, such as I saw nowhere else in my summer ramblings. 