p r— TltE COURIER ON SEPARATION. Ati tho great Separation demonstration on Monday -last, Mr. G. S. Curtis re ferred in grnceful terms . to the support consistently accorded us durinor the nnst year by tho Brisbane Courier,, by affirming the necessity of tho tri-partite division of tho colony. Tho leading journal of the colony — for such un doubtedly th'e'.CoiM'tffi' is — has for over i.2 iiiontlts never wavered in its) attitude of, unconditional support, to the inclu sion of tho Central District in tho pro posed scheme for endowing the various divisions of tho colony with provincial legislatures, under which thoy would, to a very considerable extent, possess the 'control of their own affairs. Again and again hnsthis great journal affirmed our equal and inalienable right with the North, to whatever inensuro of self-go vernment might bo conferred under the provisions of tlio ' bill. Had it clone otherwise, it would only havo boon in tho fashion of all Southern sentiment and. opinion; wliich is dinuiot'rieally op- posdd to hiiQ- Central Division's claim's. Buttho Courier has had the courngo to bo honest atid just — a rare virtuo in these days— arid to dare to run counter to tho fashionable sentiment among Southerners that tho Central District has neither gnovances nor rights apart from those, of the South. In botii tlio . latest issues of the Courier', which havo reached us — viz., Monday, 8th .August, and Tuesday 9th, tho journal in question affirms in tho clearest- possiblo mannor tho justico and tho propriety of the. claims put . forth by Contral Queensland for 'equivalent- recognition willi tho North of its rights to self-government. Both of theso leading articles are worthy of close perusnl, and for tho conven ience of our readers , we havo mado a rapid synopsis of them, which will be found in another column. In the Mon day' article the Courier takes up the position that although all things -are, lawful yet All things aro .iiot expedient. It does not consider that tho pnrtition of tho colony, even according to tho Provincial Legislatures Scheme would just, now bo expedient. But it con tends that if, the Government are deter mined to proceed it cannot in honor bound, ignore tho claims of the Central District for the control of its own affairs. It scouts the idea of Barlow's amendment , being even a tempor ary solution of the presont unsatis factory state of affairs. It thon goes on to affirm, even should tho bi- partito scheme be carried, the Contral Districts would at once renew the agitation for a distinct provinco, as n stepping-stone to Territorial Separation. " Whatever the Assembly may now intend to affirm,!' he remarks, " the amendment foreshadowed will not lay tho ghost of dismOthberment, which so frightens the Southern members. If the object be to give . lbcal self- government and rnnke a durable peace, the obviously wiser plan would be' to frankly recognise the. claim of both1 Contral and Northern people to a provincial autonomy, which would prove a bulwark against and not a stepping- stone' towards Territorial Separation. We are convinced that such self- government is tho only method yet suggested for fully meeting, tho wants and aspirations of the Contral and Northern people, without conceding Territorial Soparation." This opinion, tho writer' of the article states, is not one founded ueroly upon presont indications or conditions, but is arrived nt ii f tor more than 30 yoars' constant study of tho quostion. Wo do not think anything could ho clearor or movo unmistakably in our favor than tho above. V Furthermore on the succeeding day— -Tuosdny, August 9— the writer revolted to tho same subject. Meantime intolligonco had been rocoivod of tha great Separation Demonstration, which still, further .confirmed him in his views, lie , goes on to romnrk that ho sympathises with tho disappointment of tho. Contral monibors at tho course, pvoposod to bo lakon. Ho oven goos tho ;i length of stating that tho action of tho Contral Districts, in sondiug delogntos. to England, having caused tho crisis to baoomo acuto, it looked like taking an unfair advantage of , tjio absonco of Messrs. Archor and Pattison to so legislate as to shut out tho Central Districts from tho assumod benefits of oitlior Separation or autonomy. Thou comes a sontonce both',' the Govorhmont and Soparation- ists would do woll to lay to heai't, viz., " It appoiu's to us that the Government would occupy, a better position if thoy ndherod to . the tri-partite bill, and assented to tho postponement of tho questioil until after tho geiioral olec- tioni" Wo have no spaoo to refer to many otlior excollcnt points which find a place in thcBO two capital articles. Thoy should - stimulate us all to stand firm to our expressed intention to fight on unwavoringly and unllincliingly until oithcr tho youth, to oseapo our irn- lortunit.y, like tho unjust judge in Scripture, ondows us with the control of our own affairs— a'i'athor improbablo contingency— or woet , it from tho lm- . perial Legislature, by whom tho recogni- ' tion of our rights is moro Jilcoly toOhe afiiriuod. As wo havo often romn$tMif boforo, victory must come to those w\yo wait and work, and this, we are sure, all true-hoartod Contral Queensland Separationists will be willing to do. 