THE NOVELIST. ./-?: Bolt) Martin's Little Girl. An Australian Novel. BY DAVID CHRISTIE MURRAY, Anther of "Joseph's Coat." "Aunt Rachel," "Rainbow Gold," &c.; [ALII EIGHTS RESERVED.] [COMMENCED IN THE "TOWN AND COUNTRY JOUENAI.," JANUARY 30.] CHAPTER XXVI.-(CONTINUED.) In his encounter with Dom, or dúrin¡ the latter half of it at letfBt, Hetheridge ha conducted himself with a surpassing, cool ness, but when once the necessity for th the continued strain was over, he bega: to know how much in nervous force hi defensive instinct had cost him. He ha< stool and watched Dom from the root and. had waved his-hand after him with: gesture of insolent triumph and disdain but before the retreating enemy's foot steps had traversed half the stairway, h fell back in a state of extreme collaps into the chair he had just quitted. Hi head spun like a teetotum, and th ero wa a sound in his ¡ears like that made by th rush of a train through a tunnel. Th beating of his heart and the free play o his lungs seemed restricted by an iroi pressure. Little by little these alarming symptoms relaxed in force, and after ¡ pause of perhaps 10 minutes he crawle» giddily to the bell pull, rang the bell, an» stumbled back again. The waiter appearing, he demande* another glass of brandy, and after drink ing it felt somewhat better, though »til alarmingly weak and shaken, and as dizzj as a man standing on the edge of a preci pice. He was ashamed to ask for a fur the: stimulant, and so feebly fumbling for hil purse paid his score j and crept away t< dive into the first house of public resort ht came to, and to take a third glass of brande and water there. , . |! . . His shadowy enemy was at his shoul'dje: again, and in a form far more real than* |ic ever assumed before. He saw him in;?n*i,i habit as he lived at the time when he hac first really begun to hate him. The figur< was always behind him, and yet was pre sent to' his mental gaze clear to the leas detail. He saw the candid brown eyes, thc plain manly features, the fresh color, thc little bit of side whisker on the oheek, thc homespun dress. He saw the very patten of the gaiters, the stain of country soi upon the boots, He did not recall anj special moment at which ho had seen hie victim precisely thus, and yet he knew that at some special moment his mind häc seized the image and now reproduced ii with an absolute fidelity. Had anyone been interested in watching him he woulc haye seen the furtive fearful glance ,acrosi the shoulder, which had become habitua! with him, repeated half a dozen times i minute. With the fourth glass of brandy he sorewed his courage to the sticking point and ventured anew into the streets. The j were almost deserted at .that hour, and he walked swiftly but shakily to Broad-street station, and there paced the. platform whilst he waited a train for Richmond due in some 10 minutes. The silent invincible avenger haunted him, though it nevei moved a foot or made the faintest change in posture or expression. It was so real to bim that whenever, in hie pacing to and fro, he turned sharply round upon his own track a foolish relief and amazement possessed his mind when he failed to see it. He walked briskly, he lagged, zigzagged purposely here and there, paused altogether. The immovable, unes capable, dreadful thing was always at his shoulder, ready to lay a hand upon him. This living nightmare had been his com panion more or less for years, but had never been so near, so real, or so threatening as now. It would have been a blessed relief to scream aloud, beneath the intolerable anguish of its presence, but that way mad ness lay, and there was no guessing, into what madness of self-denunciátion he might be hurried if once he allowed the presence to break down his nerve. He must endure the unendurable- muBt carry the torment of the damned about with him and make no eign. When the train backed into the railway station he took hiB place in a lonely carriage, and by mere physical instinct screwed himself tight into a corner seat; but the physical obstacle he interposed made no difference to the position of the unrelenting phan tom. Apart from the awful clearness of his apprehension of its presence, it carried a terror with it he had never known before. All these.y ears he had BO eme d to be free ol suspicion, and at last one man had formu lated against him a oharge which his own soul had never failed to bring in any waking hour of any day since the deed wae done. He had foiled his accuser for the time, but that meant nothing, or might mean nothing. Any wind of chanoe might carry new evidence to the man who knew so much and guessed so much already. He drank deep that night and drugged his fears at last, but when he awoke, sic li with excess, he found his ghost still in its place, implacably s-rene and cheerful, the George Redwood of a quarter of a century ago. He felt that business was impossible foi the day, and he sent a telegram to thal effect to town. If necessary to consult me, come down. Too ill, to. leave house; Refuse ali inquirers address/' An hour oi two later his confidential man appeared with a bundle of important papers and left them for his employer's consideration. " Come down again, Jessamer," he said. " Come in the afternoon, or better still come in the evening. There are a score oi things about which I may give you in structions. I'm not altogether well,, and 1 may be forced to taite a holiday." The mockery of the phrase hit him hard, and some of its bitterness found its way into his tone. There was small hope of a holi day for him while that placid bugb.ear stood changeless at his shoulder. " Bring your handbag with you, and stay the night. I may detain you late." This invitation was equal to a command, and Jessamer accepted it, bowing low« Hetheridge was his man of men ; a king in finance, and with every sign of growth in his importance in financial circles, Jessa mer took higher rank among his compeers. He had never had such an honor placed upon him as Hetheridge now offered. To he', invited; as a guest at Hetheridge's 'house, if . only for a night, waB iii itself a high distinction. If he had known the compelling dread of, loneliness which dictated the invitation, he might, perhaps, haye felt less flattered'by it. iv'f Oan you be here to dinner!?" Hethe ridge asked. ( " Atiwhat hour, sir ? " " Say 7 o'clock." " I fear, sir," returned Mr. Jessamer with a smooth obsequiousness, " that that will be impossible. The American mail leaves to-night. I shall be scarcely able to quit the office before 7." i< " Ah, yes," said Hetheridge ; of course, of course, I had forgotten. Get down as soon as you can.. I can give you a bottle of good wine, Jessamer," he added, with a clumsy pretence at geniality, which flat tered the confidential man anew. "We will talk things over. It ia not impro bable that I may leave affairs in your care for a little while. I have not' had even a pretence of rest for years." " You will forgive my presuming to notice it, sir," said Jessamer, " but I have thought you worked too hard. The opinion is not mine alone,;sir, it's quite general, I assure you." . " I dare say, Jessamer, I dare say," his employer answered with the same clumsy show of geniality as before. " We'll see about things to-night." Mr. Jessamer, accepting .this as his dis missal, went his way with uplifted heart, feeling himself indeed to be the chosen of Pharaoh. Hetherington stayed behind to endure his own torments ¿B he might., He dived deep into the papers which had been laid before him, and for the first time in his life felt business wholly without value as an antidote to thought. The sultry heat of the day oppressed him though he sat with open windows, and even in the lawn which sloped from his walls to the waters of slow-gliding Thames the air seemed con fined and close. The clouds had built up everywhere an under-root of doleful grey. There, were occasional uneasy rumblings of thunder, and now and again a flash of harmless summer Kghtning pulsated swiftly aoross the clouded landscape. Whether he strove in vain to grasp the meaning of the business papers, or read the money column of the TIMES," or wan dered idly on the lawn, or sat at meals, it was all one. The changeless; placid phan tom dung close to his shoulder, and every passing hour seemed to make itB presence more and more intolerable. . ., ' He drank heavily at dinner, trusting to obscure his thoughts. " I must keep sober till I have once seen Jessaxner," lie thought, " and then I mus drown everything." The night was prematurely dark, anc swift gusts of wind were rising. The] lashed the trees which stood upon the lawi into moans of torment, which were sue ceeded by long pauses of brooding silence and they laid unseen hands on door anc casement, and mourned about the house at if resentful of extrusion. " If anybody should call," he said, as h( rose from the dinner table, " I shall be ir my own room. Put out the brandy anc soda there, light the lamp, and leave out some cigars." The man obeyed him and left him alone A great blaßt surged up against the house and set his torn nerves quivering with £ superstitious terror at its voices. Hi walked to his own room through thc shadows of the hall, and as he did so, foi the first time his phantom seemed to under go' a ohange. Eye and hand both menaced him, and in a sudden access of terror he fairly sprang into the apartment and slammed the door behind him. At that instant the bell rang, and he heard voices in the hall. "Here at last," he. thought, "thank God, is Jessamer." Another gust of wind fiercer than any of its¡ precursors burst open the French windows, and the light in the lamp flickered and went out. A vivid flash of lightning illumined lawn and river and sky for a single instant, and then the jaws of darkness did devour it up. A tremendous crash of thunder followed, and a delude of sudden rain came swishing into the room. He struggled with the windows in the darkness, forced them baok and secured them. He groped his way to the table and felt for a box of wax vestas which he remembered to have seen there. Having found it he struck a light and re moved the shade and the heated lamp glass, saving his fingers from oontaot with it« by using his handkerchief, relit the lamp, replaced the glass and shade, and slowly turned up the light. For a mere instant he had forgotten his phantom terror, but when he raised his head he saw,it, standing there in flesh and blood, before him, feature for feature, hue for hue, from head to foot the same. He stared with haggard eyes, and the appari tion came forward. Its lips moved and it spoke. .. My name is George Redwood," One unimaginable shock of horror struck him and he fell upon his face. 