Joe Belton*s Revenge. BY ALFRED S. OURiAGOE. -4----- His name was Joseph Balton, but his mates on board the Middleatrand lightship called him Grim Joe. His grizzled beard and sun-tanned face and hands told of a life in the open air. Joehad seen foreign service in the navy. He had stood to his gun and never flinched amid the hell of flame and shot which rained from the forts of im pregnable Sebastopol; he had chased the slaver, and brought the frowning, baffled Arab trader to his knees; he had weathered a hundred furious storms and hurricanes in the mid-ocean, and had, save the loss of one finger on his right hand, come seathless out of all. Tne loss of the finger incapacitated Joe Belton for active service, and he retired on his pension, and for some time lived at a fishing village on the Essex coast. But Joe got tired of mooning about with few better companions than the "'longshore men," who regarded him.with great respect, and never yarned in his presence. It was only to the visitors that they let their imaginations run fancy free, but took good care never to dwell upon their perilous adventures and hair. breadth escapes when Joe Belton was within hearing, or when the stories were likely to be repeated to him. A vacancy occurred on board the Middle strand lighithip, and Joe applied for it. He was at once accepted, as he had left the navy with a clean sheet and such a character as any honest man might be truly proud of. Joe Belton was a bachelor. He had loved,. and loved in vain, and, as he piut it, " hauled in his heart's tackle, and stowed it away for ever." Nobody knew much about the story, save that Joe had taken his disappointment very much to heart; and nobody cared to question him on the subject, for Joe's face would grow dark and forbidding at the slightest word of chaff relating to his lonely life; "Tiok here, lads," he said, one day, "you've got wives and youngsters ashore, and when the wind roars at-night, they are thinking and praying for you, though they know that a lightship is the safest craft that floats. Be thankful you are not like me, who cares for nobody, and for whom no body cares. Heigho I N'ow I'll go and have a turn at the reflectors." On duty or off duty, whenever Joe Belton was upset, he would have "a turn at the re Ilectors." " Elbow grease " seemed to be the only salve to his wounded heart, and he would keep on polishing until the reflectors were like burnished mirrors of silver.; and, as it were, he rubbed away the gloom from his face, and left it ruddy and calm, if not abso lutely cheerful. Joe had his seasons of silence and dejected. ness. Whenever he was "off his bacey," and read from a treasured copy of :Milton's poems, his mates winked at each other, and left him alone until the fit had passed away. One night, after Joe had gone to his ham moack Phil Oxley found that a leaf in the book had been carefully turned down, and, shaking his head, passed it to Jim Dawling with the remark that Joe must be in a very bad way indeed. "RRad them lines he's marked with a pencil," hle said. "Read 'em' aloud, Jim, for you know that I'm not much of a soholaid." Jim Dswling was willing to oblige, and, in a low tone of voice, read: " lence, loathed Melancholy. Of Erebus and blackest midnight born In Stygian save forlorn, 'Monget horrid shapes, and shrieks, and sights unholy Find out some uncouth cell, Where brooding Darkness spreads his jealous ,wings A_ nd the night raven sings; , There, under ebon'shades,. and low-browed rocks As jagged as thy looks, In dark Cimmerian desert ever dwell." "I don't understand-much about it," Phil said, "butrI daresay it's all right. , The only thing in my line is the'low-browed rocks. Lor', what a head that 'ere Milton must have had, to be sure t But . say, Jim, this looks bad for Grim Joe. I s'poee it wouldn't be right to hide the book, would it, now ?" \- "I wouldn't undertake to do it for double leave with double pay," Jim Dawling replied. '. My missus-and, bless her heart, she's still my sweetheart-knows something about how Joe was jilted. You see, Phil, such a story gets handed down from one to the other, and gives the people something to talk about over the fire on winter nights. Why, bless you, Jim, the stories my old grandfather used ti, tell about smugglers and wreckers, who haunted the coast when he was a young man, would make your hair ourl like--like thin rashes o' bacon in a frying-pan." Phil Oxley was about to request the favor of. the repetition of one of these blood curdling yarns, when bis eyes grew round and his mouth opened to its utmost limits. "Look I Look there I" he gasped. Jim Dawling's. face grew ashy pale as he turned slowly. There was some vague notion in his mind at that moment-and Jim had his full share of superstition, and perhaps a little over-that the ghost of his grandfather had como to polish up his memory; but in stead of a spectre he saw Joe Belton. His eyes were fixed and staring, his arms hangingo loosely at his side, and his movements, as if. he were measuring every step carefully, pro. claimed that he was walking in his sleep. 'Sddenly he stopped, and, stoopingdown, felt about where he had left the copy of Mil ton's poems. Soarcely knowing what he did Jim Dawling pushed the book noiselessly within the somnambulist's reach. Joe Belton took up the the volume, and muttered: "' Hence, loathed Melancholy, Of Erebus.and blackest midnight born ;" and then, with a dark expression of face Sand furious gesture, hurled the book from him: Phil Oxley was conscious that his hair was rising on his head, and that he was as damp all over with perspiration as if the cabin had been suddenly connected with a slow oven. Jim Dawling said nothing and did nothing, but simply sat and stared. He felt that he was so rootedto the looker, that had a gun proclaimed a vesselin danger, little short of steam power could have lifted him to his feet. Joe Belton crossed the floor; and stopping Sshort against the wall, leaned his arm heavily upon it, and began to speak. "Well, Nancy," he said. "you know best. I have tried to win your heart, not *o steal it, like a common thief. You have allowed your ears to be poisoned against me by Caleb Roze. He is my rival, and would say any thing against me. I swear by Him that made me, and whose hand rules the land and sea, that at the time Roze says t was in Portsmouth, I was two days on a journey to Malta." He ceased speaking, and raised his head as Iflwaiting for a reply to his avowol. "You doubt me," he continued, in the voice of a strong man subduing his passion. "I see it written on your face; I read it in your eyes. And it isn't doubt; Nancy ; you want to find an excuse to get rid of me. You favor Caleb Rize. What! I you say no? I asy yes. " Well I'll go; for I'd sooner plunge into the sea, with a shot at my heels than marry a girl who did not place her whole faith in me." Joe Belton walked away a few paces, and then. turned back again. "Tell Caleb Roze to give me a wide bertb," he said. "I've always thought. it was my nature to forget and forgive, but 'l never forget or forgive the mnan whose lying tongue has blighted my life and turned my heart to gall, Tell him so-tell him to keep beyond thereach of my arm; and good-byd, Nanoy for the last time eood-bye." The samnambulist crossed the cabin, and, Ipassing out, went calmly back to his ham r mock, as if he was weary, and his watch be Slow.had just begun. For some moments Phil Oxley and Jim Dawling did nsct speak, but as length Phil broke the silence. '"'What-what d'ye think o' that?" he asked, scarcely above his breath. " It's the awfullest thing I ever saw. Lor', I've got the pins and needles all over me I" "I think," Jim Dawling replied," that the best thing Grim Joe can do is to go ashore and see a doctor as quick as possible." "But the relief boat won't be hero for mor'n a week, and you know the penalties for any man quitting the ship without leave. Shall we tell Joe how he's been carry ing on?" Jim Dawling turned the question over in his mind for some moments, and replied in the negative. " What good would it do?" he argued. " It would only frighten him and make him the more miserable to think that he.had been walking and talkingin his sleep. We'd better keep a close watch over him, and mention the matter; to the officer. He knows Grim Joe's ways, and will find some excuse to get him ashore." It was a dark, wild March night. The wind was blowing hard, and the sea ran high. Every now and then the lightning glared upon the storm-tossed ocean and the distant desolate coast, and the thunder roared as if tearing the mighty piles of clouds asunder. While Oxley and Dawling were yet discus. sing Grim Joe's bout of sleep-walking, and promising to 'divulge it to no other man on board, the hoarse roar of the foghorn rent the air. As fast as their feet could carry them, Oxley and Dawlingrushed on deck, and they were quickly followed by Joe Belton, who, having slipped his legs into his slacks, com pleted the rest of his toilet, sailor-like, as he went to where duty called him. " There was a flare shown out south'ard," said the man who had sounded the alarm; "and once 1 thought I saw a vessel, but at first I thought the lightning had deceived me. Look I look l There she is." "She's running on. to the sands," Joe Belton cried, snatching up a speaking trumpet, " and Heaven help her and all on board if she doesc't sheer off. . Keep the horn going. Ran out the gun, and give her a louder warning. What does the captain mean by running into the jaws of death like this? He must be either crunk or mad." Crash! went the. report of the gun. It was answered by another, and a red flare, which told its own story only two well. " She's lost her helm," Jim Dawling said. " Soe how she rolls and flounders. May the Lord rend the wind about I Ah, she strikes l she strikes I Poor souls, they are lost, every one I" Tne guns were now being answered by an other lightship, some five miles distant, and at the nearest lifeboat station men were making haste to help the shipwrecked mari ners. Lights flashed, guns boomed, the fog horn screeched, and men shouted-alas, all in vain ! The hapless vessel, driven on the sands, was doomed to deetruction. As its keel struck upon the treacherous sands it groaned and shuddered like some huge living thing in pain. And, as if in mockery, the wind howled louder, and Its furious gusts drove the waves mountain-high. Sheets of foam and surf flew over the lightship, blinding the moe, who clung, scarcely breatuing, to the rigging. "The lifeboat will never reach her," some body shouted. " Listen." Amid the uproar came the crashing of timber, and' then such a cry of despair as made the stoutest heart sink and quake. " She's settling down," Jim Dawling said, during a momentary lull in the storm. "But see I one poor fellow has trusted himself to a spar, and is drifting away from the ship. He might. as well place faith in a straw.. Heoaen help us, we can do nothing. Our boats would crack like nutshells in such a sea. At that moment the sky became ablaze with a terrific flash of lightning, or rather a succession of flashes,; and they showed the despairing figure clinging with the strength of agony to the spar. His features were as plainly seen as if a ray of limelight had been turned on them, and even the convulsive action of his hands, as he tried to pull him self higher and higher into the tangled cord age, was visible. "Lade," said Joe Belton, phlling his south wester tightly over his head, ' I am going after that man, bus I don't ask any one else here to run the risk. It's my affair, for yonder floats the man who did me the greatest wrong I ever endured. I want him to see me before he goes under. I want him to know that I have had my revenge at last." " You are mad," Phil Oxley cried. "Joe 1 Joe I you are not yourself; you are dream ing. Can't you see that you will be com. mitting suicide? All that any man here can do is to stand by, and fling a litfe-buoy to the poor wredch if he happens to pass this way." " Stand back, yoe, Phil Oxley, and you all," Joe Belton yelled, snatbching up an axe, as the men'advaneed towards him. '' Sane or mad, I will have my way, and i am going. Stand back, I say; the man who thinas of trying to stop me had better say his prayers." • Good-bye, then, Joe," said Jim Dawling. "We're not afraid to do ourduty, but we are afraid of doing foolish, useless acts, Look at the sea, listen to the wind, and tell me if anything but a well-manned lifeboat can live five minutes." "I don't expeat to come nack," Joe Belton retorted. "I only want him to catch sight of me, and I shall be satisfied." As he spoke he out away the davits, and leaped into the boat as it plunged into the boiling surge. The distracted men thought that the frail craft and Joe Bclton and been drawn under the light-ship, and they raised a spontaneous shout as they saw the determinined man pulling with all his might. And then they lost sight of him in the trough of the mighty waves chasing each other in mad haste. "He's a dead man," Phil Oxley wailed? "But what could we do? . He'd have kept his word, and killed the first man who at tempted to stop him. And now he's gone for everl Poor Joel" But no; the man bent on so strange an errand appeared to have a charmed life. Tne boat rcde the waves-like a swan, and nearer and nearer it drew to the spar with its wretdhed burden of humanity, hoping agairist hope, and crying in heartrending sa cents for help when it seemed no earthly help could comer When within a few yards of the drowning man, Joe Bilton t'urner the blades of the oars fiat to the water and leaned over the gunwale. " Cileb R?ze," he shouted, in a voice that rose above the wind and the turbulent ocean, " You know me. Look, at me. I am Joe Belton, the man whose heart you killed the man whose better nature you slew with ybur lying tongue. I have come herelto see you die..Do your hear? I have come to see you die." Roze was a powerful, muscular man, but his strength was nearly spent. Heheard Joe Belton's terrible words, and a cry of anguish burst from his lips; yet in that agony of .despair he made one more effort, deserted the spar, and clutched frantically at the boat. "Take your hands away, or I will beat them off 1" Joe Belton yelled. "Do you re. member the lie you uttered? You told Nancy that I was only fooling with her, and that you had seen ma in the oompany of my real sweetheart at Portsmouth. Away with you I Down, down, and drown like a dog I" "Joe I Joe I" shrieked the frntic man, " if you beat me off it will be murder. If you have no pity on me, think of my wife and children. Think how they will miss me, the breadwinner. Think how they love me, and how I love them. Oh, it is hard t die like this, almost in sight of home; I God takes my life, He gave it; but you are only a man, and not my judge. Hate me at you will, Joe, but give me a chance, one earn the thanks and prayers of innocent children who have done you no harm-little children who are ignorant that their father ever wronged you in thought or deed." The very storm seemed to hush its voice that the words of this appeal might lie heard, and the man who had risked his life to sec his enemy-die before his eyes became as a little child himself. With the strength of a giant he pulled Caleb Raze into the boat,.just as a shecu from the men crowded in the rigging of the wreck announced that the lifeboat was coming. He swooned, and the boat floated away at the mercy of the waves, and tne last flash of lightning-for the storm clouds were now rolling away- showed it indistinctly plung ing shorewards, occupied apparently by one man, rowing as for dear life; but hidden. from view was another man, who lay in animate, helpless, and a mere mass of huddled clothing, There was a rush to the Sailors' Home at Shellsea, for the lifeboatmen had done their. duty nobly, and out of all the crew of the vessel, now a wreck on the Middleatrand sands, only one man was missing--Caleb Roza. The story about Joe Belton soon got afloat. It was told and retold, with many alterations and additions, and everybody was making up his and her mind that Joe had first had his ,revenge, and thrown himself into the ocean afterwards, when, cool as a cucumber, Joe Belton himself marched into the Sailors' Honsme. "I want to see the chaplain." he said. " I have something particular to say to him. If any of you want a jib, you casi take a trolly and bring along a boat that belongs to the lightship from Hove." The chaplain lost no time in interviewing his unexpected visitor, and learned from him that Caleb Razo was not only safe, but by that time bring attended to by his own who at home. I" couldn't face her," Joe Belton said, "so I sent him on by some fishermen. When I think, sir, how narrowly I escaped having the blood of a man on my hands, I feel faint 'and giddy. I will sit down a moment, if you please, sir." "Belton," replied the chaplain, " you played two parts, but the better one pre vailed. Bury the past, and remember that ie mo tale are ever weak. To err is human; to forgive divine." There are people down Hove way who will point you out an old man wandering on the. beach, with little children hovering rouendl him, and tell you that t he father of the I youngsters is at sea, and that he who watches them with so much tenderness lives in a" cottage on the cliff, but comes down every, day for a walk with the little ones. And his ndme is Joe Belton, who looks upon his not i of revenge as the best one he ever performed ia his life. 