THE DOCTORS SHOOK THEIR HEADS. “I would give a million dollar for a stomach." said a wealthy American recently Now, a million dollars (203,000) is a deal of money. lat he was not adle to buy the article even at that price. Mr, 'J honum Gaskin, of No. 3. Poplar How, Darley Abbey, near Derby, i-aitso nc!i ;r. nn'e/, being a gardener, Inr hi’ was r i■ 1 v enough to ;ivi all he had lor one Mdiig lu- Irnbi'tgot. lb-re In his nldi-meat, lu* sh ill tell i f in hi'• own Way. .Mr. Gaskin goes nil to say. —p ioeugld years a;s> I hail never li>st an liuur’s work tbi'migh sii-km-.-c In December, Dik'd. whiN’ )r,;ng,i» D.r-tun. in-n* Nottingham. my appetite lell away. 1 h el •• <! ■ i 1- l'ill pain lifter eitin;;. a In.! la-.n- m my lum'b. which world (ill ’.v ■ * h water ami slime, tho latter n» tllit.4: and si icky that I oftmt had l<> remove it with my Img.a ■>. My used to ’lid up. ;;i»d my threat wined ..veil so that I couldn't button my shirt a* t i I ■ • mil; 3 vomited a great deal, eluelly a yellowish gt-m plielegni, 1 had a racking rough, and would cough ami strain till I lilt’d at I he nose, mid the bloou’ rushed out of my ears. I la- eame e'.biiusled mid short of hmilh and had to call the doctor, and was in hod live or six weeks. "J limn went as out-patient to tin *Tottiiiglmni Hospital, and after attending there for >ic months was very little better. I got so that that 1 was like a ghost walking alum*, and ms friends said it was all np with Jt'e. for eighteen months I kept getting better, then w'orstj, and at last the doctor’s' recommended me to try a change of air. So I came to Darley Ahhey, and i»y former iiit-'.t gavi inc an indoor recommendation to the Derbyshire Inlirmary, Derby. I found, howet'er, that all llic beds in the hospital were full, and also two doctor-, at Derby. I found, however. Hint all {hr lied* in the hospital were lull, and 1 saw my club doctor and also two doctors at Derby. The first one -said, “ yon are in n galloping eonsuuiption, ami must lie the otln-t doctors, aft'-r sounding my lungs ami du st, said nothing, but shook lie ir hears. ‘■(letting a trifle hetti-r my old master aibav-d urn to do wh it little I con’d in inn gard-si arid grounds ; ami Home day; 1 worked rv lit tl*-, ami then would ho away for a tew days. Thin;;* wmit -m like this until Deeeniii* w YAW, when 1 caught a cold, got very short of bu- .’tb, anil broke dorm completely- I Wiis always coughing and spitting up phlegm, sometimes .,s in.u-h ,i . a I v.enptnl at onto, and was afr-.id to go lu sb -p (err tear the plegoi ould elroke um. At this time til ' whil.-s of my eves turned yellow; and my eyes -.v-;.- blood shot. My bps am! nwi;‘,’i were dry ; ml porchc-d. and I often broke out ii> i Cold, clammy sweat. .My tongue was like a pn c’f loavii leather, and I could keep nothing down. I lo-* over a stone weight in three wicks ■* 1 managed to g-’t up for a f.w horn , at a time, hut was so w -ak I had to aio- hold ol the tmnit tins) to move a few yards I was .-.'■.v.iys th -.1 and weary. and sitting or lying, was never at ease, ami got no I cal re.s*. To 1 \v ak to i e ei, I o'. t‘-n ‘at b’r houi s looking .it my hand t 'lung l ot skin and bone, and was so m-nons J ink, b - ir the least, noise, and the ehildt. n it id i> ip'h • en-et me “ The doctor kept on atieii'ling m but lie sii l r ‘ I e m do you no good ; I e,-u nuiy |iateh yon up, l)(-e nise your lungs ar • di IS'.!." 1 ‘.’am gist-over taking Ins medicine , nd l-’iel i, thing I emibl hear of. Uu” w is a e'nigh cm i-1 1- mi L-uidon tri .l cost k-A a bottle. I> if ho’lii.ig did any good, and my friends w ho cam- to si e me slid. • Well, you won’t cough much bmgi r, voa b ive m-Te'y to ple na re tor nnuthei world Ai-ont tin- mMdle i,t Mar- h. LJ£ -i ni'igbii <" mint -d ./ii'Cpll T.ifimm, wlio no-l;s in the pipu’ mills at Darley A blew. ■- n l to ne-, " Tom, did you ever try Mother Sei.oT-. e-emp. ’’ .et ; t-d 1 nu- 1. he liad been cured after being in the hespial. He spoke so much in prai.v- of tb.is me licim- ! wait my W’ife to Derby and got a bottle at Mr. .-unithV ■Stores in Victoria street. After the first dw f had mi evacuation ns black as ink, and vomited. Then I fell asleep and felt rested when f awoke. After taking tlv imslieine for three days my brea'hing got easier, mv food kept down, and in a )• w days more I was able to go on* lor a sho t w ilk. By the end of a fortnight 1 wen* to v-e mv mwlio asked me what had wrought the imnrov meat, and I told him, as I tell every one. that M itlmr .'•’eigel’s Syrup had saved my life. I commenced wot a at once, and have iievt r his* a day's work .since. ■‘Of course my strength did not return all at nitre, but after taking Weigel's Syrup for six months I was strong as ever m my life and h ive continued joc.vi r since." In giving his commit to tho publiitio.i of this remarkable sfatenii-nf. Mr. Gaskin re pieshs us t > refer all doubtess to him or to Mr. K -e’b-y. Head Gardener, Darley Abb- y, who is iicipi.iiiil -d with all the faefs nlleg* I -Mr. G iski'l 'll- lived nt Darb y Abbey 2i \e.u s and be irs an e\ei-',b.-nl, re putation. Now. what was the complaint Ir-nil v, hu h ho sutfe.-rd y x.e gdlopiug eonsump‘ie:i i-ul.laly. as one. of the doctors then ;ht, nr In- would line galloped into the grav • in less *ha*t Ve. e-- months, inst-ad of growing worse for s-wn Mirs. Hi,, eomjilaint wa< chronic inllamniatory -k. '])■”•-i i. or chronic gast rie catarrh, which has Inn t . xmp'oms like eonsumjition, for which it is uft- n i ;ior -.e 1 ly mistaken and wrongly t.eat-d. Vei u i.le light remedy. Mother S'-ig'Ts Syrup, was usi-il the di'Casn yielded, as all diseases of the digestive tract do yield to that magnificent preparation. We heartily congratulate Mr. Gaskin on his dud commend the facts of his ca.su to all thinking veople.-- (Advt.) Pkinck TilKObOKh, son of the Into Junfi -lohn of Abyssinia, who was brought l<> Europe to ho educated, was sentenced on December d to a week’s imprisonment in Hrussels for being concerned in a street row. Asothuk alligator, " officially” described as •‘a gigantic Himrinn of the, broad-no>e I species." has been captured in (Queensland, and will shortly receive visitors at the Mel bonrno Aquarium. He is said to lie of a more cheerlul disposition than bis prede cessor. Ilrssnv Sw\i;i:s \m> niKit; Vn fims. During several nnti-.Tcwisb riots in tlm pro viiK-e of Saratov, in Knssia, hundreds ol Jews wore attacked by the mob,and badlv wounded. Two tbonsaml Jewish fami! : <>s have been redneed to a state of dostilnlion and beggary by robbery and wanton destruc tion of their property. A Wkihuno Putt y Srui • k r.v l-t'.n r>iN.;, —A inelaneboly termination to a wedding oc curred at Dalby ((Queensland). Miss Howdon one of the bridesmaids, and a sister of the bridegroom, and Ernest Hunt, a brother ot tho bride, aeeom pan it'd by Miss (killnghiin. were returning home on lior.seb\ek when they were overtaken bv a storm. Voting Hunt and two horses were strnek bv lightning and killed on the spot. Miss Howdon was ren dered insensible for three hours. Miss Cal laghan wits slightly burned, but galloped to town and reported the occurrence. Miss Bowden is now recovering. Bi’.vnu.u, in tuk BoNAfAUtr, Famu-v. — Prineo Louis Bonaparte, a son ot the I tie Prince Lumen Bonaparte, lias been charged with defrauding hi.s reputed wife Kosalio of diamonds valued at £20.000. It is alleged that ho handed the stolon property over to another woman whom he has since married. Tho ease has been remanded for further evid ence. Bri-nAiUAN LvTnict'KS,—The rcpori that an attempl had been made to poison Prince Ferdinand of Bulgaria by bribing a eunk to put strychnine in the prince’s r o-»d 1m been continued. In consequence of this id tempi, special precautions avo now taken to presort a tho life of tho prince, chemists examining all his food before he partakes of it. Bulgarian refugees in Scrvia and Russia are known to be plotting against Prince Ferdinand and the present Government in Bulgaria, and the life of M.Stambouloff is believed to bo in danger. Gamulint! on a “ Kystk.m. " -Wells, tho Englishman, who was recently reported to have broken the banks at Monte Carlo five times in succession, and claimed to have in vented an infallible "system,’’ but wh> was recently slated to have been losing heavily, declares that tho “system" still holds good.aa his total losses do not am aunt to more limn C‘1000. His faith in his “system" is un shaken, and ho intends fo continue playing, 