CHIAPTEE XX. o? THE FIiAR. When Slheridlan nad Armytage arrived at the faire they found matters in a very In catifaetory clstat. The hand., not having a head to .iidei them. hadl laken things prettly iuch as they 1leai'd. The'y had the oplo.r t mity to "loaf." and tlhey took advantage of it. Sheridan. who was still in the toilh of his cornpaion. was in no humor to attendI to tie rtotine of farm wosrk.li and Armylage profes o1d entire inoL nee of suelh duties. Ilut thie presence of the master iinfused a little more activity into the men, and the work sooniim- proved. 'l,1, farmn was a fairly comfortable one. With the frequeInt additions made to it. the area noiwe ompricsed ito aresr, aln about I03 acres of thalt was cleared and ultivated. The soil in the valleys was rich and pro nluced prolitie crtp.?f 1otatoes,oats or wheat, while the wh,le of the land was suitable for grazing purposes. The lneiteladl wa: a substantial and com fortable one. The first owner, who built it, had the good,old-fashioned ideas on the sub jfc:l of frtnm-houses, :nid the first thing he did was to lay the building out in such a mamnler that all future additions should be part of one concerted plan. Sheridan had added a couple of rooms to the place since he purchased it, and these were rendered absolutely necessary by. the purchase of more land and the number ofnmen needed to work it. Even with the additions there was no room Sto pare, and when ArmytagH accompanied tio owner to thei fr:n t ra was sonime difli cu:lty itn obtaining :t ra: for him, and after a while he ext:r:'.es. lehwillingineos to share the s:ae qiulrt-er as tliclealding hand on tlle farm. 1 For sonic das after heir arrival Shirrid:nl could lint be induedcc o leave the hiousi to search for the misiiti treasure. lie really wished to avoid his pniolaioi, and stayed at the house for thatl pipose. Fndinding all his etfits to induce thofarnner away front the hiousetseless, Armytage took excursions alone. o At the endl of a wick he persuaded the en slaved llman to necolany him anlld point out the spot where hiii pilough had struck the lidden box, but thll did not assisthhninl the least in the proscctition of his design. Slte ridan, ibing now it one of his more agree able moods, aeeonpanied him through the bush for several tdiys, but lie SecctI relapsed into his sehlldeds hlhits, and Annytage pur sued his wandelriogs alone. 'The splirit of tile plce seitned to te ui n hintm, for iunniediate vly he toad ibreakf.tt he would till his tlask ;uld start into, th forest. Tile wole, day h woutl sleiud walkingl :aieileslye ta it, pll'r illn inlto t .?irb l htere illd then tllurning over lthe dead ltaves, which iu p1laces lay thiioklyou the lI reth. At times he would obtain a lever and turn over to.s, in the hope that .msllethitig wouldt h. revealed that could as.sit him in his quecst. 'lIh. farm laborers fiucinltly Iltot hill in his solitary walks, ;tiltl they soon a'ue look upon hiim is dtllell l. IHi had moret than omic visited Black hurn'saiandloned hut, fior the place seemedt Illt ossllse.s a culrillus fasetiiatlillu for himt, andi illlout tihri' weeks aflter hlis arrival at tih trllnl-hlllSlo he forlllll hilmself lit midldaly for ithe l hinl tinlg in close proximity to the It was onll this occasion, that lie elmiUlitted the brutal attack till itiltlen recorldedl in the last ihalteir. After gettingl away foiml the plate lhe re maii edt ionieealted near the farcm-Loise until darkniess ctiae ou11t, so that hie coulll elter uii. olbserved. it haid teii lying in thie orl, lriabolt two hLou?s wheti hti wais suddenly ariuied by the oliidt of fiotstoles io the srauikliig under growth alnd, with a hiiiute liook Of fear, tIc jiumped it hisi f?et and was about to reltreat, wheni, thirough a small openiing, in the thieket, ie saw Shliuriran apprachhimuguil ait the simie momlenilt the forter caughlt sighit of Flight was now iimpossible andil, with min gled feilitngs oif fear null s:tisfaction, he waited tl fr t he tuiexlnhltt new-comer. Ile was fri.ithite.d htiito 1 dise r d hicsre inti present state of agita itioni, ut. he felt a stisfacetionin rctiln, that it was the fa.rmer who hadl conme oin hhis. "If he has ime I have hint '!" was his thought. Sheridan was lather taken lback alt the wild ipparae oif his ghueslt, for Arniytage invariably preservtl a calm demieanor. Ile iookie at hin foir a fuill minute befor lie spoke and thln said: " W1mt Oi earth is tlhe matter? You look as frtighlteuned is if vou hill seen a ghost." lTh' iinii addr'eu l tried to lok union rcrlnlcl as hiles rielluipniio spoke, but the at tempt -nitly eudedl in ai -hudder. lie hallt h Ita irlt thollht of concealing the otld foslil S rilidan, butl the latter's suiddent appeai'I'r plrev'ihtd' hitm clrrying out that idea, and he riuontrltlt it would be better to tell hint of his luek. "?L; I havl:en'lt mI anythifgto frighten tile; but. thrlough my Ipersiotent hunting for the reasiure, I ha:ve BIeu rewu inl intlding a lportion of it. I disllivered oneof thel(oxes I cu'ilple of thllours agi. hilal iomllle difficulty with it; and, what with huniger, labor and exciteihenllt, I suppo'se 1 hdi look somewhat iqueer." "Fouitlt the giol d" exluiCilel the farnller. ' Whr i dihi yoiu tinr it " "Downl at. the--that is ti lsay, tebout two mniles from hlere, li rnlcartlesy plantedl in sollil serinl. I looked for thle other boxes,hutfounid oll traite of theni," 'aiWswered the iebarri'assetl " I will go, with you to-morrow, andwe'll takIlil ?ter i oselreh. lie mllut get the re mainder. We will never he oitenit until we do." sjlsile Sherillian excitedly, with the old gleat of avarice in i his eyes. "'Yes; toit-mrrow we will go. It is too late now." "L('n;o lip to the ]ouse ald let tnc tee what soul hiai fotun. i.I amll aill tilt' ;ux ." "' I dlsi't want to gi before ildark," iti swend i Anllytalge. "If lthe farm aIlllinds sii. mlie arying this lundle and looking excited it mighi thils their. eiclliousl. a til hwe cldon't want, that." "You ire right. you ire right !" assented Sheridan. " Thle h'ss talk there is tlue better. Aie lmut k,.11 our bhsinltss to ourselvelc s. I will stay with ysli, inull if anyonie comes y it will disarnle suspirin ll." "Yes; IihaL will be best.. It. will b1( dat:r Ii anothelr llll', so that we willlt htvtlogi to wait." The two iten sat dowiin with flioshed faees i?ll, Ii holus e:i t whislers.rouverss l untitllark ess hall gathellred annid. Thein they went. eatiotusly in the direction of the lihousel, Ar mi)'taie ever anild aolin casting guilty i ltiksi iiund as if lie was haunted oby tli ghcoset of his snplosedl victim ; a lndl when they reachlld the homestead Sheridanl took his compantllion into his owi rool ullluctbert. " You Iil?lst stay in the rlt wcitth Itle now, as you canoit remain with s limy ovllerseer, who wouhld e almost certain to find out the pad. I will mlake a bedi ul p here,itmull Ithenl we canll arrnige ouir plans withouti fear of iterrulp tion or discovery." Having thus decided. Sheridan haell a second ied puit iii the reoom and during the iighlt hiii collipanion stuied htim tlhe gold lihe haul founiil, leenllil bahk, of cnlrie, ia few tars for hiselfcf. "sthere istismall fortune there," remiarked Lhe farlert to his comipanion. "Ws nutstbe in iolick's way. First I ditover box andit .low 3u1 tlind unother." " By all just rigtit, as w he hltve entereti nto a p laritnershi over this natt?r, r shouhl retain nchat I hate found," nrplit lthe letter. SYlou have gi'ei ni1 otlty is fietion of ylour indt wth ttislt. That wil! licke tie about cquare." " Oh! ''lltlltir among tthieves, ye khow. lnrei .rtly would tlil act as yotiu lsay. I al waiye uave yil Imliatneey wheei y askiti'kste fitrit, 1111 whtiat llii cllild it ii exlect? Youl will "tiviet wiilt tiie, surely !" "I'llt naike a fair tirgain with you. Shere lital. Ill repay yol whatt yell attaneet to inec, and tlhen we cull ery quite . We will then tic ost ait ettuatl footing, anii if we find lly or otf the 'pahnt ' we will go hialu'eo \\\with it. You oiught to be glad thait I diall tii nii further triuthble to yell, as I ha'ei pro. viilded foer lyself niw." " I don't ttink that is fair. I twatit tailf ihe goul antit I wilt have it. I wouldn't do ueh a thintg on you," Armytlige rillilied aigTilr'. " You didn't give mic half of ytuirs, andI yoliiu tiiist to. tOtl tetit with what yja get. If you desotisee me to the teslice I pill do the saule with you The detertined uSti of thLto uan eoriuced Stheidan that it ',hid be useles to tirgiue further with him ttun, anti after reflectitg a little thie tie sahi: kniow you are u goo -hearted fellow, a1u| I will trust to your hobor for a fair di\icion. rertiaps to-oirrow"s may finyld tiieremind we will be eontent." l It is very eaoy to ilk of " to-morrow," but it never comes to .me tseople. Thcutandl who look upon tlhe setting sun I with bright hp-. a:ad pl::ns for the futur3 in their min?,lo l never again s'e? thef glorious orb of day ilhunine the world; for, in daylight or dark, that tireless reaper Death pursues his couort, and ever and always the humans: harvesot is being galthered in L" tohe Sicklo of the G!e:ner. 