The Advertiser THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 3. 1882. The strike is not yet at an end, but it might as well be for all the good its pro-<*> ongation is likely to do to the strikers. We may go further and say that every day's delay in declaring the strike off in volves a perfectly needless addition to the terrible amount of loss and suffering already caused. The truest friends of the Broken Hill workers are advising them to abandon a hopeless struggle. It cannot be doubted by the men on strike that the counsels of the labor representatives from Adelaide are offered in perfect good faith, and that they recommend a course of action which they believe to be absolutely best iv the interests of the miners. We publish to-day a communication from I Bishop Dunne, of Wilcannia, who makes a fervent appeal to the defence committee to declare the strike at an end. That worthy prelate is under no suspicion of want of sympathy with the men. He has befriended them from the outset, and did his best vrith other would-be mediators to obtain a conference on their behalf — unhappily without success. It is because he is so keenly sympathetic that Bishop Dunne urges the cessation of a conflict already decided against the men. He 6ees plainly and says fearlessly that persistence in die fight simply means that defeat will be crowned by irretrievable disaster. Assuredly the Broken HiH miners are under imprudent direction by the leaders they have chosen. The members of the first defence committee destroyed the chance of a conference by uphold ing the picketing system without the excuse that it sen-ed any useful end. They forgot themselves in moments of crisis, snd brought them selves within the pale of the law. The members of the present committee are apparently unable to perceive what is patent to outsiders—that the longer the men remain out of employment the greater will be the distress in the end. They profess to detect signs of a disposi tion on the part of the other side to come to terms, but these must be evolved from a lively and over-sanguine imagination. They represent that the cause of unionism requires a fight to the bitter end, but they do not realise that in asking the men to drink the cup of bitterness to the very dregs they call for a positively use less sacrifice which unionism is not so unreasonable as to demand. There can be no dishonor to the Broken Hill strikers in accepting the issue, un pleasant as it maybe, which circumstances have forced upon them. While the ghost of a hope of victory remained, they held their ground. A determination to con tinue resistance to the inevitable is merely the policy of mad despair. Pope applied to disputing what Tully said of war—"that it should always be no managed as to remember that the only true evd of it is peace ; but, generally, true disputants are like true sportsmen, their whole delight is in the pursuit." It would almost seem as if the Broken Hill labor leaders took the latter view of the object of a labor struggle. They reject peace on the only conditions that are now procurable; they urge fighting as if it were a virtue in itself. Surely the men have suffered enough and lost enough already to be spaced the humiliation of a rout. The time has come to put aside all illu sions. The mineowners declared that if their old employe's did not return to work they would bring labor from other places. The Barrier unionists were told that this could not be done, but it has been done. It would undoubtedly have suited the mineowners better to have their pro perties worked by skilled miners; it would suit them better now. Still they have made shift with the imported non union labor, and probably they feel that they cannot turn these men adrift. It has been proved to the Barrier unionists that they arc not absolutely indispensable, for the mines are at work without them, and every day operations are proceed ing on a larger scale. The prospect for the men on strike becomes gloomier the longer the hopeless struggle is protracted. Already it is clear that if the strike were declared off to-morrow there would not be work for all who want it. Our correspondent at Broken TTiH 6tates that over a thousand men at least will be stranded. It is obvious that such chances of employment as etill offer diminish with every addition to the ranks of the non-unionist laborers. In the pre sence of such facts, what possible advan tage can be gained by refraining from an official declaration that the strike is off? How is Australian unionism to be pro fited by its further taxation in support of a strike that has failed ? Or, as Bishop Dunne points out, will any one be justified in blaming men with wives and families to support if, risking the accusation of treachery to a cause to which they were loyal while there was the faintest hope of its success, they now determine to make the best of circum stances and go back to work ? We dread to think of the misery which must be anfoilftd if the struggle is fought "to the bitter end." Times are not so good that we can contemplate without dismay the creation of an unemployed difficulty on the Barrier. The men have been eating up their own resources as well as those of ethers. They will be ill-prepared to suffer a further period of inactivity if the strike should end with the avenue to their former employment closed against them. But it is precisely such a disaster as that which is preparing under the mistaken policy of the defence committee. Bishop Dunne suggests that a ballot should be taken, but if that be persistently refused he urges that the men who have their future interests to consider should decide courageously to act on their own responsibility. Men who have wives and families to maintain cannot fairly bo expected to doom those nearest and dearest to them to privations which will be terrible to endure, and the endurance of which can be of no possible benefit to their class. The chief obstacle to a general return of the men on strike to their old employment is now merely die refusal of die mineowners to concede the formal recognition of unionism. So far as the contract system is concerned, die original objections are not pressed. Had a conference been held the men would probably have been in duced to accept the methods of contracting which have been introduced, and which in the first instance were not clearly understood. At present the difficulty is the assertion of the principle of freedom of contract. But this will not be solved in favor of the view taken by the Barrier unionists by the prolongation of the strike. There is nothing to be hoped for in that direction. On the other hand, as Bishop Dunne observes, unionism is not dissolved because it is not formally recognised. It has achieved its greatest triumphs when die principle of free contract has been in active operation. In any case, whatever dissatisfaction may be felt with the attitude taken by the direc tors on this point, mere discontent will not mend the situation. It is better to recognise that the strike has failed than to submit to further sacrifices. We repeat that the interests of the miners themselves require the cessation of a struggle which has already lasted far top This city of Jerusalem has just witnessed one accomplished enterprise and die beginning of another, the bare thought of which, we should imagine, must suffice to make the Crusaders tutu in their graves. "The first railway train has entered Jerusalem." Such was the tenor of a recent message, and simultaneously we learn that the Holy Sepulchre, co sadly famous in the history of Christen dom apart from its earliest and most sacred associations, as the cause of desolating wars and pitiless conquests, is now to be purchased for the modest sum of £4,000 if the amount should be forthcoming in response to an appeal from the Archbishop of Canterbury and other men of " light and leading." For so excellent an object as the acquisi tion of the tomb believed to be the actual sepulchre, together with the garden in which it is situated aad their maintenance in a state becoming their sacred character, all, without distinction of denomina tion, will wish success, and not less so because of some shadow of doubt which is admitted to cling to the authenticity of the coveted site. Gordon, after making what he deemed to be an exhaustive investigation, identified the tomb as the Holy Sepulchre, and his authority is quoted in the appeal, though with the admission that all archaeologists are not agreed upon the subject. It is enough that there is a "strong probability," supported by the unbroken tradition of hundreds of years, tJiat within the enclosure to be pur chased is contained the most sacred spot in Christendom, and that an opportunity is presented of redeeming it from centuries of Islamic neglect and guarding it with all reverent care. A question indeed has been raised -whether the Archbishop of Canterbury has not something to do beyond raising a few thousands in order to secure the precious site, and whether the Czar of Russia as the head of the Greek Church, and perhaps the President of the French Republic as the protector of Roman Catholicism, will not ob ject to the purchase of the tomb by a Protestant committee. It was a dispute as to the right of occu pation of the holy places—though, as Kinglake remarks, the dispute was "overwhelmed by a mass of verbiage and wrapped up in endless coatings cf manifestoes, protocols, and dispatches"— which led to the Crimean war. Will the Powers, taught by that terrible lesson, hold themselves indifferent to the future quarrels of the Greek andJLatin churches ? The slightest hint from France and Russia, we may be sure, would cause the timid Turk to refuse the overtures of the Protestant Church, and the efforts of the committee would be frustrated. But the mere thought that the most sacred place in all the Holy Land should at the latter end of the nineteenth century fall so easily into Christian hands cannot but recall to the most indifferent the time when religious enthusiasm prompted hundreds of thousands of believing soldiers to perish in the attempt to re cover the tomb, and, as they held, to avenge the wrongs of the Saviour. Nothing, as Froude has lately pointed out, I could be grander or nobler in design than the series of attempts of the Christian world to- obtain and retain possession of Jerusalem; though nowhere, perhaps, could be found sadder blunders, follies, and cruelties than are recorded in the history of the crusades. At the first storming of Jerusalem the crusaders, with die precepts of the Old Testament ringing in their ears, utterly destroyed the infidels—leaving none alive, man, woman, or child. But such excesses were common in a fierce age, and a worse evil was the way in which the preaching of the Holy War was mixed up with Hie grossest superstitions. The crusade was preached not merely to saints and heroes, but to all men indiscriminately. Thieves and murderers, and warriors not to be distinguished from them, were told of a way by which they might go on slay ing and plundering and winning salvation by the very act. No wonder that his torians tell us that a crusading camp— indeed, the whole Christian community of Jerusalem —became a receptacle cf every i kind of vice, and that the Christians of Palestine sank in every respect below the not very exalted standard of their own age. But on the other hand it cannot be forgotten that the original object of the crusaders was thoroughly justifiable, and that among the foremost of their number were the best and wisest men of their time. In an era when pilgrimages were regarded as religious duties to whose uninterrupted discharge every Christian had a right, the justice of the case of the crusaders was in disputable, and we may be quite sure that Godfrey de Bouillon, St. Louis of France, and Edward L, to mention no others, would not have gone to Palestine upon a palpably unrighteous errand. That the undertaking was not impracticable was 6hown by its twice succeeding. The first crusaders gained Jerusalem by force and held it for 90 years, and common prudence would hare kept it longer. Frederick LL recovered it by policy and doubtless could have kept it against the Turk only, though he failed against Pope and Turk together. That five crusades should have been powerless to win and permanently retain the Holy Sepulchre for the Christian world is one of the strangest caprices of fortune ever known, and it is a «~ti<tiil*t outcome of centuries of sanguinary, costly, and resultless warfare, that the Turkshould apparently at length be on the point of relinquishing the coveted posses sion in the easy fashion of a vendor of landed property and at the price of a freehold of very scanty dimensions! Moral difficulties are notoriously more formidable than material ones, and it may prove a harder matter to placate the religious prejudices that still confront the would-be purchasers of the Holy Sepulchre than it has been to introduce the snort of the iron horse into the Holy Land. Jerusalem now has its railway-station like any respectable township—Jeru salem to which the steps of so many travellers have been turned in search of relief from the unromautic and practical associations of life. "We confess," says the Sjxctotor pensively, "that the idea of a shout * Change here for Bethlehem' or the Mount of Olives, annoys us as it will annoy most of those who have made any study of Christianity or Judaism. Such a cry, or even its imminent proba bility, pricks the sense of incongruity into irritable excitement." The iron horse has invaded every portion of the earth, and there is nought now left to minister to archaic sensibilities. It will henceforth convey Cook's tourists from the port where Jonah took ship for Tarshish to a terminus under the shadow of Mount Zion. iSoon it will whirl him at express speed past the Holy City to the great Biver Euphrates, and thence per haps in future years to India, its shriek awakening passing echoes in the soli tudes of Nineveh aad Babylon. The plains of Sharon will be exposed to listless glances from carriage windows; the passeaeer perhaps will scarcely be tempted to divert his mind for a moment from his novel as ho rushes past the sacred haunts of Olivet; the walls of Zion will ring to the shouts of portera and cabmen ; and even the garden of Gethscmane will cease to make men sober and contemplative when dotted as tiio Spectator foresees with rail nay workshops and refreshment stall?. Perhaps such sentiments may be a little i'lusoiy. 'ilie Jerusalem of to-day is not the Jerusalem of the beginning of the Chiihtixm era ; and the devout visitor, as matters are, may find enough to shock his feelings in the squalor and eocUI wretchedness that blacken the Holy City and its environs like an ugly cloud. Is a railway running into Jerusalem a greater desecration, after all, than die presence of the Turkish population, with their uncleanly streets, their bazaars, and their Moslem temples ? It will do the in habitants no harm to be Europeanised ; to be cured of their dirtiness, laziness, and roguery; still it is idle to suppose that the romantic sentiment associated with the reading of the Bible story will not suffer injury from the transforming process, and many would have preferred that Jerusalem should have been spared a little longer from the indignities which these changeful and iconoclastic limes love to inflict upon the ancient and the sacred. Bear-Admiral Nathaniel Bowden-Smith, who has been appointed to euoceed Sear- Admiral liord Chutes Soot* in the command of the Australian Naval-station, is a passenger by the B.M.a Oceans, which will (each Ade laide to-morrow night The Bight Hon. Henry Matthews, Q.C., who was Home Secretary in the Salisbury Go vernment, leftfor London by die Orient steamer Ophir on Wednesday afternoon. At the late election Me. J&atthew;? was returned for bis old constituency, East Birmingham, by a substantial majority, but bis official duties having Borne what taxed hia health be took an early opportunity after the dissolution of Par liament to leave for Australia. He spent several weeks touring the coJoniee, and ex presaed himself as pleased with what be had eeen. His trip, he stated, had been very enjoyable. On subjects of public importance Mr. Matthews declined to express an opinion, as he was travelling purely on pleasure. He left Melbourne by the steamer, which did not arrive at Large Bay until Monday night, so that fas saw very little of Adelaide. It ib almost unprecedented, exoeptintimes of Ministerial crises when members are anxious to get at the principal business ot the day, for die Assembly to pass on to genuine work without devoting at least some time to impromptu interrogation. Yet this was the case on Wednesday, and after three trivial notices of motion bad been tabled the formal questions came np for answer, while within five minutes Mr. Solomon was bammerisg away at his motion in favor of the w^ih^h of the rate for private and prose messages between Adelaide and Port Darwin. He complained that the report of tile Postmaster-General on the subject was "grossly misleading and absolutely untrue," because it stated that die consequent loss would be £1,500 a year, whereas the total return only amounted to £1,503 during the last twelve months. He pointed out that lite charges far the messages were just double those in force in respect to the most distant towns in Queensland. On the motion of Sir John Downer the debate was adjourned. Mr. Cohen, recsgnising the crowded state of the notice paper, withdrew bis motion in favor of raising the duty on bats and ink, but expressed the hope that early next session the Govern^ ment will apply themselves to removing the present ancimalipa in the tariff. Mr. Jenkins euooeeded in carrying a motion for a polling place at Upper Start, which he described as "thehubofthehill?." "Oh," said Mr. Batter. "it'enotapatohonSali?bury." At the instance of Mr. Gillen it was determined toprepareare port showing the coat of a tramway from Mun dooratotbe?Jydi arid <Hadstonerailway; but Mr. Solomon was greatly disappointed at the adjournment of the debate concerning the pro clamation of a polling-place at Adtunga (Paddy's Hole goldfields). Mr. Jenkins ob tained leave to introduce a Bill bringing into force the Betterment system in respect to land purchased or taken for public purposes, and die second leading was fixed for three weeks hence. A motion by Me Miller having been also agreed to the orders of the day were reached at a quarter to 3 o'clock. The first twder of the day taken in the As sembly on Wednesday was a rr?prwtion. by Mr. Giles in favor of the adoption of a cheaper system of railway construction. He advanced many arguments in support of bis contention, and was followed on die same side by Mr. Hack, after which at die request of Mr. XJock die debate was adjourned. The Public-house Monopoly Bill next came op fcr and provoked some very lively verbal inter changes, whioh more than once called forth the expostulation of the Speaker. Mr. Scherk opened die attack against the measure, whioh he asserted bad sever been asked for by die country, which was die most temperate in die world. He said under prt^mt, cir cumstances respectable publicans declined so allow drunken men to remain in their hotels, but that die new system, would result in die encouragement of drunken ness. He was disgusted, he added, while on die recent Parliamentary trip to die tempe wmna aattlamant nf >Til<?nra-fa?«««f"nr4rn"l"?? men on die wharf. *'Were they members of your party?* asked Mr. Gounger, but die en quiry was ignored; while Mr. TTopfrfn^ who asked "How many pubs are there in East Adelaide? 9 was sharply told to go round and count them. Mr. Hopkins moved dial die House divide, but was severely crushed, as bis was die only ''Aye," although afterwards Major Caaaaa good-naturedly catue to his assistance. Mr. Solomon objected to die in stitution of legislation for die protection of fools who could not conduct their business without the help of a grandmotherly Govern ment). Feeling, however, that this phrase was a reflection on die team for which he is whip, Mr. Solomon hastily substituted "Legislature" for "Government" '"Getont,'* said Mr. W«j*in« sjth accustomed politeness, " you don't know what you are «^*frjnc about. 1' In conclusion Mr. Solomon himiHf making his third speech for die afternoon, protested diat it would be a mere waste of time to pass the second reading. Mr. McDonald promised to support die Bill, but spoke against it; while Mr. Stock waxed quite pathetic in his opposi tion. He complained of die silly interjections of Mr. Hopkins, and warned him that ho would take no notice of them, but immediately afterwards appealed to die Speaker to protect him from the member for Port Adelaide. There ?as prompt response to die request, and Mr- Hopkins was requested to assist in keeping order. When Mr. Stock s*t down Mr. Hop kins sprang to his legs with die evident deter mination of squelching the late Attoraey- Gener&L; He eaid he had been quiet for eighteen months, because when he first came into die House his constituents told him that be was constantly <ualring foolish questions and continually *?I|™ig on subjects which he did not understand. However, now he in tended to tackle Mr. Stock, who had been responsible for die ruin of so many pprgnnq " What!" cried Mr. Stock, and, on die accusa tion beins: repeated, he formally objected and , secured its withdrawal. Mr. Hopkm?, re suming, said Mr. Stock is die solicitor of a brewing company which •• jambs the publicans* tails," and that die electors of the Sturt would consider their representative's action with regard to due Bill as being "more eilly than tie interjections of Hopkins.-*' Just here Mr. Stock shot out some protest and die Speaker called him to order. This compensation won the gratitudeof Mr. Hopkins who, bowing in hisowa courtly style towards die chair said, " Thanks. I'm much obliged. 1 * After accusing some anonymous newspaper reporter of maligning him, Mr. Hopkins concluded by asserting than " the bound publicans are charged £1 Is. per hogshead for beer which is not fit for dogs to drink"—" Dugs don't drink beer," protested a teetotal member—while free houses received good liquor at £210s. Mr. OaMweU enrprised the House by ?B6ertiiigaiat tbougb be would wnport the second leading he did not think the Bill very necessary, as brewers, because of bad times, would soon stand in need of relief if not of pity. Sir John Downer stated the Go vernment view of the matter, which was that aa a Select Committee had reported that the present system waa not working badly, and as no arguments had been advanced in favor of a change, the existing law had better be let alone. Mr. Castine opposed the second reading, and then Sir Edwin Smith protested against the cowardly aspersions oast upon brewers, and challenged Mr. Grainger to prove that any man or woman had ever regretted dealing with him, or that he had ever charged a different price for beer to bond or free houses during the 30 years he had been in business as a brewer. Mr. Gould moved the adjournment of the debate, and Mr. Grainger accused him of try ing to "shunt off the Bill." The motion, however, was carried by 25 votes to 17, the Government voting with the majority. "That is very unfair," said Mr. I'layford, "the Government should always vote with the man in charge of a Bill." " But we don't believe in it" said the Premier, and "That makes no difference 11 answered Mr. Playford. Mr. Gilbert Reeks to persuade the Assembly to take the duty off twine, and on Wednesday he quoted a large number of figures to prove that farmers had to pay a Jargely-inoraaaed price because of the protective tariff. Mr. Playford, however, speaking with much ear nestness and force, promptly smashed up the arguments of his predecessor. There should be give and sake in this matter, he urged, and die farmers for whose benefit there was an ex port duty on better, and duties on cheese, ham, bacon, barley, oats, and potatoes, ought not to object to pay a little taxation them selves. A very loud laugh was caused by tho adroit way in which Mr. Play ford, having made a charge of incon sistency against Mr. Gilbert in respect to the tariff, turned off an indignant denial lightly with the words "Oh, well, if it wasn't you it was your colleague." The farmers, he said in conclusion, wanted all their implements freed from duty—"Hear, hear," said Mr. Giles—and would put a tax on other shoulders to make up the deficiency. The Treasurer and Mr. Cohen both advised Mr. Gilbert to wait till next year, as the House did not desire to tinker with the tariff this session. Mr. Cohen was still speaking when the Speaker abruptly left the chair and mem bers changed the venue to the dining-room. After business was resumed Mr. Cohen con cluded his speech, and on the motion of Mr. J. £. Kelly the debate was adjourned for three weeks. Mr. Lamehed stated his intention of moving an amendment to assimilate the tariff with that of Victoria by charging a duty of Bs. instead of ISs. per cwt. Mr. Osman moved for a polling.place at Kendelaham. and Mr. Hopkins immediately attempted to secure an adjournment; of thedebate. This was resented by the House, and though the Government voted with "the deputy assistant whip" he was badly beaten, and Mr. Homburg rose to fill up time until the necessary quarter of an hour had elapsed. He then sought per mission to continue the debate at a future date, bat Mr. Hopkins loudly called oat: —"No, it's cowardly; I object," As permis sion must be unanimous Mr. Homburg perforce wound tip his speech inoonclusively. Mr. Catt referred to the angular conduct of Mr. Hopkins that afternoon, and said he only opposed the adjournment because he thought it was another practical joke. Mr. McDonald thought the Government should attempt to ex pedite the business of the House by having reports on motions of this kind ready when they were brought on. Sir Edwin Smith supported this suggestion, and then further talk was postponed at the instance of Sir John Downer. The "slavery" clause of the Northern Terri tory Gold Mining Bill caused long and heated discussion in the Assembly on Wednesday evening. Mr. Playford first asked for the Government decision with regard to the Bill, and pointed ont that if passed it wonld enable Europeans to blackmail Chinese and other Asiatics, who under the fifth clause are not allowed to hold gold mining leases. The Treasurer stated that the Government would support the measure. Mr. Gillen opposed the clause, as did Mr. Hague, who said the proper title of the measure wonld be "an Act to prevent an Asiatic alien from holding a gold mining license." It would, he urged, lead to the creation of dummy lestees; "and slaves," added Mr. Gillen, and the committee ap plauded. It was, acquiesced Me. Hague, an abandonment of old British traditions to sug* gesfc snch a clause. Mr. Solomon politely told the committee that moat of its members knew nothing about the matter. "They have never employed Chinese," interjected Mr. Parsons, who atao affirmed that the Government had brought in the Chinese. Some interruptions from Mr. Grainger induced Mr. Solomon to say that he could not play the fool co com" pletely as the member for Wallaroo. "Not so completely," said Mr. Playford quietly, and the committee laughed. Losing his temper, Mr. Solomon said he would stand there till 12 o'clock in order to get through bis speech. "Oh, don't stonewall your own clause," ad vised Mr. Gillen; while Mr. Burgoyne said, " Hell get off his speech even if he spoils the B3V After he had industriously elaborated his argument for some time Mr. Solomon sat down, and Mr. Grainger said " Well that's the first time I have heard a man epend three quarters of an hour in stonewalling bis own BllL" He then moved that there should be added to the clause the words " Nor shall any Euch person be employed in any gold mine,*' as thi? would prevent a mean white from dummying the leases for Chinamen. Mr. Solomon accepted the amendment. Mr. Burgoyne said the Bill was bad enough originally, but this amendment would make it worse, and he was surprised that the Govern ment accepted it. "They ought to have gone against the whole thing like men," said Mr. Playford, while Mr. Burgoyne continued that the acceptance of the amendment was an admission that the whole thing was a farce. If the Chinese were stopped from wcriane the mines the Territory wonld have to be abandoned, and what a catastrophe that would be ; Parliamentary sessions would be thorn ot half their length if the members for the Terri tory Tnjre not here. Mr. Landseer fierilv supported the Bill, and Mr. Moule delivered tome outspoken strictures on Territory mining swindles. He wondered at Mr. Gtaiager'e amendment being adopted, as it would mean shutting up the Territory. "Oh, there is no fear of it being passed," said Mr. Solomon. " Then why did you accept it; the thing is a burlesque," retorted Mr. Moule severely, while Mr. Brooker protested against this playing with the committee. Mr. Caldwell wanted progres9 to be reported, but this was resisted. Mr. Fiayford expressed surprise that an intel ligent British Parliament should degrade itself by discussing the matter from the standpoint that we must squeeze the Chinese or they will squeeze us. He heartily opposed the clause. During Mr. Playford's speech Mr. P&reons; called down the wrath of the Chairman of Committees by loud and frequent interruptions, and Mr. Catt threatened to name him. This disaster, how ever was averted, and Mr. Brooker moved that the committee divide. This was carried, and the clause was passed by 22 votes to 20. It was moved by Mr. Bounaevell to amend clause 6, "renewal of leases," by adding the words "the lessee not being a Chinese or Asiatic alien ;" and after warm discussion this was carried by 21 votes to 20, Mr. Solomon being with the minority. Mr. Moule wished to further add the words " not being the holder of any existing lease," but the chairman de clined to accept the amendment. "If a a pity Charley's not here," said Mr. Playford, "for then we'd beat them hollow." This suggested to the poetical member the quotation— Ah, where waa Bocerick then; Oce bli-i upon hi? bogie bom Were worth a, thousand men. However, retribution came, for clause 6 being struck out by 28 votes to 10 in opposi tion to the Government, Mr. Hopkins moved that the chairman leave the chair. This was carried without a division, and the BUI lapsed in solemn silence. Late on Wednesday night Sir Edwin Smith resumed the debate on Mr. Brooke.'a motion for the grant of a piece of land for a Trades Hall site. He s?id lie bad done during the last 36 years mote for the Trades •fid Lnbot Council than the members of the council had done for themselves. In the early fifties he had fought hard for the Constitution Act, for the ballot, manhood suffrage, one man one vote, and the abolition of State aid to religion, while for the last 18 years he had always carried out the eight hours system. He thought the treatment he received last election at East Torrens was most unkind and ungenerous. He objected to the granting of a Trades Hall site. " This House has passed a Bill in favor of it," said Dr. Cockburn. " Well, it ought not to havcdoneso/'answered Sir Edwin, adding " The member for Mount Barker poses as the working men's friend and the champion of trades unionism. But what has he done for them? There are plenty of people who are ready to give away what be longs to others, but who never parted with anything belonging to themselves." This matter of a trades hall site had been made a test question at the East Torrens election, bnt he had told the deputa tion who waited on him that he would sooner give £200 than his vote for such a motion. Hs would rather give the land himself, and would have told the Trades and Labor Council so if they had met him properly instead of fighting him in such a nasty manner. Mr. Horn, Mr. Hawker, Mr. Angas, Mr. Simme, and himself had each given £100, and Mr. Baiter had col lected other amounts, which made up £735 ss. What had become of that money, which with interest should now amount) to between £800! and £900? *'It is on fixed deposit and now amounts to over £000," said Mr. McPberson. "Well," said Sir Edwin, "I will make it up to £1,000 if the motion is withdrawn," while ho added that he had acted conscientiously in the past, and yet had received the treatment com plained of from the Trades and Labor Council. "What did yon expect f asked Mr. Johnson, and "Not that," said Sir Edwin emphatically. Mr. Md'herson thought Sir Edwin Smith had not done himself justice, and stated that everyone recognised the valuable services which he had rendered to the colony. The Trades and Labor Council had no animus against Sir Edwin, and appreciated his efforts, but they would not vote for any one whose political convictions were opposed to theirs. "Thank goodness I can do without them," said Sir Edwin, and "bear, hear," added Mr. Johnson. Mr. MoPhereoa added that the money for the purchase of land for the erection of a trades hall had only been received from Mr. Baker on condition that no restriction should be placed upon the Trades and Labor Council in urging the Government f or.a subsidy in land or money for tne same purpose, and he produced documents to prove hie statement. The Chief Secretary said so far as ths Government were concerned this would be left an open question. So far as he was personally concerned he would support the motion, as it was not worth while to rouse excited public feeling by rejecting it. Mr. Pl&yford; took the same view, while Messrs. Catti, Grainger, and Hague also epoke in its favor. Mr. Caldwell proposed an amendment affirming that a ball should be built for the Railway Association at Murray Bridge. Mr. Casting, defeated by 22 votes to 10 in auattempt to secure an adjournment at a quarter past 11, threatened to talk till 1 o'clock rather than allow the question to be put that night. He asked whether Mr. Brooker was posing as the representative of the working classes, but the quiet reply was, " I pose as the member for West Torrens." Mr. Castine objected to mem bers of that Parliament going to Broken Hill to mix themselves np with the disputes of another colony; and, despite an objection from Mr. Hopkins, the Speaker ruled that there was nothing subversive of the standing orders in the expression of opinion. Twice before Mr. Castine had been on bis feet for half an hour Mr. Hopkins called attention to the Etate of the House, bat on each occasion the nnmbets were promptly made up. Mr. Lamshed next, with an apology for being obnoxious, asked whether it was fair to go on with legislation in such a thin House, and once more the bells were rung to call members from the comforting cigar, the cooling drink, the entrancing book, and the grateful knooze. Made magnanimous by this unexpected assistance Mr. Castine offered sites for trades halls right in the hearts of Biverton and Port Waketield. "You are a land monopolist, surely," said Mr. Gtaysoo, while Mr. Ash interjected—"Oh, he wants to escape the land tax." Mr. Castine then treated toe House to a quotation from Longfellow, whom he described as "Poet Laureate," and Mr. Johnson caused a pretty hearty laugh by adding after one sing song verse the catchy re frain " Ta-ra-ra-boom-de- ay." Just at mid night Mr. Castine asked " What do the sup porters of the resolution want?* 9 "To get home," answered Mr. Solomon, and there was more hilarity, which was increased when, in reply to an interjection from ilr. Cohen, the member for Wooroora said—"The good Mr. Cohen has done will be buried with him, but the evil will live for two or three generations, and then die with the bones of his ancestors." Immediately be fore midnight and two minutes afterwards Mr. Hopkins again called attention to the etate of the House, and once more lazy legislators came yawning in again. A reference to the action ot the majority as "scandalous" evoked a rebuke from the Speaker, and Mr. Castine meekly said, "Yes, sir, I thought it was wrong At 1 o'clock Mr. Caetine was still talking, though Mr. Hopkins had found continual ocaasion in the meantime to refer to the thin ness of the attendance of legislators. He occasionally wandered pretty far from the question at issue, and at last the Speakers patience was exhausted, and he repeatedly called upon the member for Wooroora to confine himself to the motion. "Then it will be very difficult for me to continue," said Mr. Castine innocently, and the House cheered loudly. Mr. Grainger called attention to one of Speaker Brand's decisions, which affirmed that if after being warned to keep to the subject under diccnasion a member continued to wander into extraneous matter, he might be named by the Speaker ac disregarding the chair. Mr. Ash, who always has his ear cocked for constitutional point-, here came to Mr. Casting's assistance, and he was consequently riven more elbow room. Some reference to the force of circumstances drew from Mr. Cohen the cruel remark, " It is only by the force of circumstances that you are tolerated in the House. 2' " That is the opinion of the member for Xorth Adelaide," retorted Mr. Castine. "And of many of your con stituents,'' added Mr. Cohen. All hints that he khould be allowed to continue the debate at a future time were disregarded, and the House seemed resolute in its intention either to die pose of the motion or to sit all night. In the Assembly on Wednesday Mr. Jenkins introduced & Bill for an Act to amend the law relating to the purchase or taking of lands for undertakings of a public nature. The Bill consists of two clauses, and provides in the first clause "In a&ueasing; tne purchase money or compensation to lie paid in respect of land purchased or taken for the purposes of any undet taking under any statutory authority an allowance *tiall be made in favor of the promoters of each undertaking for any increased value given by such undertaking to the land of the same owner, and for any other advantage conferred by the undertaking upon the party to whom such purchase money or compensation shall be payable." The second clause provides that except so far as inconsistent therewith the Act shall be in corporated and read as one with the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act and all Acts amending the same. The Bill was read a first time, and the second reading fixed for next Wednesday fortnight. The members of the Legislate Council were confronted on Wednesday with a rather long array of business, with which good progress was made. On the motion of the Minister of Education it was decided that the Council on ite rising should adjourn until next Thursday, as Wednesday is a public holiday. The Butter Bonus and Constitution Bills, received from the Assembly, were read a first time. Mr. Kriehauff questioned tht Minister with regard to telephonic communication with Norton's Summit; and in answer to Mr. Catton, Mr. Copley promised that the Government would obtain a report from the Crown Solicitor aa to whether certain statements made by Judge Backhouse at Deniliquiu were applicable to South Australia. Mr. Stirling introduced an Amended Fencing Bill, which wa3 rfcad a. tzcs? tune. Mr. Cotton moved tlutc the Government should take st^ps to provide opportunities for employment for those in the colony who may be out of work, but the Council considered the motion unnecessary and negatived it. The first reading of the Friendly Societies Bill was moved by Mr. Copley, end Mr. Krichauff followed with a motion requir ing applicants to the Government for the pur chase of land for workinginen's blocks to pay a deposit, the debate on which was adjourned. The Council agreed to the motion of Mr. O'Loghlin, urging the desirability of obtaining concise information regard ing pastoral legislation in the adjoining colonies; and the Travelling Stock Roads Bill, having been slightly altered in committee passed its second reading. I>r. Campbell con* tinned the debate on the Conciliation and Co-operation Bill, and expressed the opinion that unless there was some hopu that the Bill would help in settling strikes it would be better not to legislate on this subject, but to submit the whole matter to the masters and men, and see exactly what each party was willing to accept. The debate was further adjourned. Mr. Tomkinsou obtained the ascent of the Council to a report being obtained from the sheriff as to the polling-places which he considered should be closed on account of die few votes recorded. Mr. Copley moved the second reading of the Federal Council Adopting Bill, and after Messrs. Baker, Warren, and | Duncan had spoken, Mr. Cotton obtained the adjournment of the debate until Thursday next. Considerable interest is being taken in ship ping circles in a race between the Orient liner Ophir and the Messageries Maritimes steamer Polyneden, which was commenced from Large Bay on Wednesday. The Polynesien was the first to start at 1 o'clock in the afternoon, and steamed slowly down the gulf to give her oppo nent a chance to get away. The Ophir was by some means delayed, so that the French boat had a lead of 15 minutes at the bell buoy. Arrangements were made that Cape Borda should advise the time the tteamers passed there, and it was notified in the evening that the Polyneuen* was signalled at 7.30, and the Ophir at 7.4S- The Polynesian's time from the bell buoy was <> hours 15 minutes and the Ophir's C boars IS minutes, so that the latter had last 3 minutes. The two steamers will only keep the same track as far as Albany, as from that port the British vessel will shajie a course for Colombo and the French liner will proceed to the Seychelles. The Railway Department have made at nmgements for running cool chambers on the various lines in the colony during the summer months. The service will be commenced on Monday next, and packages of butter and fruit will be received at intermediate stations on the lines for conveyance in these chambers, but must be jo marked. For tne Barrier the trains will leave every Monday and Thursday from Adelaide at 5.42 a.m., from Port Pirie at 7.40 a.m-, and from Quorn at 7.55 a-m., while the return trains will leave Broken Hill at 1 p.m. every Tuesday and Friday. Between the city and Moonta the service will be—From Adelaide on Mondays and Wednesdays at 7 a.m., and from Moonta on Tuesdays and Thursdays at ti.S? a.m. Tne arrangement for the Adelaids and Mount Gambier line is that the trains shall leave Adelaide on Mondays and Wednesdays at 6.50 a.m., returning from Mount Gamhier at 7.10 a.m. on Tuesdays and Thursdays. Another step will be taken in connection with the affairs of the Commercial Bank of South Australia on Tuesday, November 15, when Mr. H. M. Addison will offer by auction at the Town HaU, "without reserve, 3 tho action for £320,000 damages brought by the bank against the late directors —Messrs. R? A. Tarlton, J. C. Veroo (now deceased), A. Ten nant, C. Biechbieth, and M. Salom. The pro perty to be put up is eet oat as being— All moneys recoverable by the bank from the defendants or their estates, on any account whatsoever, together with all rights of action and remedies by die bank for the recovery of these amounts, la particular tile premises sold include all the right of the bank and tho official liquidators to recover the moneys sought to be recovered by the action in the Supremo Court, and for that purpose to continue the action or to maintain or enforce any other action, suit, or remedy. The sale includes all reports, counsel's opinions, deeds, documents, papers, writs, summonses, proceedings, and writings of every description belonging to the bank or the liquidators. The terms are a de posit of £20 per cent, on the fall of the hammer, and the balance in a month. The purchaser will be required to enter into a covenant with sureties, or security to the satisfaction of a judge to indemnify the bank against the costs and consequences of th 3 action, and of any pro ceedings taken for the recovery of the property cold. If any question shall arise between the bank and the purchaser in connection with toe sale it will be settled by a judge. The chief items of the bank's claim of £320,000 are:— £92,308 for dividends which were improperly paid out of capital contrary to the bank's Act of Parliament and deed of settlement, and the balance for moneys lott to the bank by negli gent and impi-oper advances. The action is being offered for sale consequent upon a petition of the coatributories of the bank to the court praying that such a course should be taken to h^cten cue lowing of the liquidation. It is understood that the new set of rules under which the Master Bakers' Association notified the Journeymen's Association some time since that they intended to work their shops after November 1 has not been enforced. It will be remembered that the men refused to accept the terms of the em ployers, and that the matter was placed in the hands of die Trades and Labor Council. The council asked the mastem to defer taking action to allow steps to be taken for convening a conference. This request having been con sidered by a meeting of master *~>?>rH. it was decided to accede to die wish of the council. The arrears of rent, interest, and purchase money due on June 30 by all lessees of the Crown, selectors with or withont right of pur chase, scrub lessees, educational leases, blockers. and forest leases were set out in a return recently laid before the Assembly. This shows that the arrears of purchase-money on credit agreements amount to £85791, die arrears of interest on credit agreements to £13,538, the arrears of rent on educa tional lands to £2,253, die arrears of rent on forest lands to £499 & 2d., and die arrears on all osher leases to £15,C1£ 6s. 7d_, making a total of £120,C'J9 14s. 9d. The laet item includes £2,WJ on miscellaneous leases, £3,202 on perpetual leases, £3,710 on right of purchase leases, £1,129 on pastoral leases, £557 on working men's leases, and £1,472 on scrub leases. The lands surveyed in the colony for work ing men's blocks &nd; perpetual leases on die block system cover 72,372 acres, consisting of 50,472 acres specially surveyed for blocks, and 21,990 surveyed as suburban lands but offered as blocks The cost of surveying the former was £?,305 lls. 3d., or 3s. JUd. per acre, and the latter £3,102 lOe., or 2s. 10d. per acre, being a. total of £12,408 Is. yd., or an average of 3b 5Jd. per acre. The blocks taken up so fax number 2,869, the rent received for which amounts to £9,480 14s. 9d., and 90 blocks have been surrendered by the lessees, while 579 leases have been cancelled for breach of the covenants of the lease. The Port and Semaphore Creche was opened on Wednesday afternoon by die Mayor of Port Adelaide in die presence of a number of ladies and gentlemen who have interested themselves in this undertaking. Ac cording to die report of the secre tary (Mrs. Penny) a proposal was made last July by Mrs. Bailey to et⁢ a soup kitchen in the locality, and a, number of con tributions were made towards this object. Shortly afterwards, however, the project was abandoned, and Miss Curtis suggested that a creche should be formed iiisUsad. A suitable site was found in Jane-stcecet, off Hart street, and a. competent matron was obtained in Miss relief having been given while the arrangements were in progress to about 16 deserving families. Tlie creche, tvbiuh consists ot four rooms and a kitchen, has Ix-en furnished by subscriptions, and it has been suggested that a good portion of ground at the reur of die house might be cultivated, and eu help to support tho institu tion. The taea.iurer'e report showed that tbt> donations amuunu-d u> £47 J'i:-; while the re lief afforded was lii 7a. Toe balance in the tnnk was £35 10t>., and the balance in hand 13 12s. 7id. The Key. Canon Green ex pressed his pleasure at the progress of the work, and aeked the mayor to formally open the institution. Sir. Tucker in performing the ceremony remarked that a long fele want had been supplied, and the thanks of the public were due to the com mittee for their efforts. The Revs. W. A. Campbell aud W. B. Mather also delivered addresses. The banking returns for the September quarter for all the Australian colonies except West) Australia are (says the Melbourne Aryvs) now available. The figures show that the notes in circulation amounted to £4,566,044, compared with £4,55i,T7«, or a decrease of £255,734 on the .Tune quarter. The deposits totalled £111,05(1,546, against £LIO.CjS,IOS. or an increase of &11L.43X. The ad vances aggregated £140,550, ;><•:>, as com pared with £139,8&0,909, or £708.SAG in excess of those of the June quarter. The value of the coin and bullion was £20,145,ra9, against £l!?,(iol,096 in the .Tune quarter, an increase of £4'J7,513. "Tha ni?veatents is deposits and advances," remarks the Anita, "taken in conjunction, indicate that the position is practically unaltered. The movement*, in notus in circulation and coin and bullion suggest that the currency has con tracted, owing doubtless to the dull i-ondirion of trade." At about 10 minutes past 10 o'clock on Wednesday morning a stoppage occurred at the way and works department at Glanville owing to the driving pulley of the engine getting out of order. A number of men who depended on the engine to drive the machines and to obtain blast for the forge fires were compelled to knock off work. The fitters are engaged on the necessary repairs, but opera tions will not be resumed until Monday. The Hugh Giimore memorial fond has been finalised. The amount of the local contribu tions to tite fund is £93% and from England £205; making a total of £1,227. Of this £L,IOO has been invested in the name oE five trustees, ££1 has been handed to Mrs. Giimore, £9 spent in photographs, which have yielded a profit to the fund, and £37 in expenses. Besides this i."io'.? was collected for the furni ture fund, and estimating the gifts at £84, the furniture fund comes Co £233, making tho total contributions to both funds £1,450. The sale of the sermons has resulted in the liquidation of the whole of the cost of the two editions of a thousand each, and while the larger number of the second edition is yet on hand sales are etiil being made. The R.M.S. Ooeana left Albany si half-past •S o'clock on Wednesday morning, and the commander expects to reach Largs Bay at 10 o'clock on Friday night. 