Letty's Love Story. , OltAPfEU xxix (continued). . Lettioe's brain roolort. She felt liko pno.on-tho brink of n prooipioo, whom n singlo fnlso stop may botrny into tho depths bolow. And at tho anmo mo- . inont.a stiaiigo, wild bopo was sjiring- . jug up in nor noarc. . A- suspicious look shot into Mrs. Barker's boady, black oyos- . ' Didn't you know it was him?' slio . domandod sharply. Lottico did not roply to tho quostion. . -In point of fact slio was loaning ngninst tho trunk of a troo, Biok and giddy. You're not ngoiu' to . faint, aro you ?' remonstrated hor companion, in lively alarm. , ii i ''that's what I call Btupid foolory, . . for a woman to go faintin' without so much as a nurut's warning. It's . a goodisk stop to tho houso, romoinboV, and I couldn't got you thoro all by mysnlf.' ..'I am not going to fnmt.' said Lot- .. fico, l'ocovonug liorsolf ; 'but you said , somothing that gavo mo a shock !' Sho cntno over to tho woman and put both bands on hor sliouldors, whilo slio lookod down into lior oyos. As you hopo for moroy, toll mo tlio truth!' slio oxclmmod, m a low, ira- prossivo touo.. "Was Eogiuald Ald- ham my sistor's lovor ?' Mrs. Barker hositatod a momont. : Sho had takon it for granted that Lot- tioo know tho truth, otliorwiso sho : would oortainly not liavo gouo out of ... Lor way to inform hor. . ' Suroly,' cnod Lottico, storuly, 'onough misery, and wrong, and j .shamo has .001110 of this wrotchod ; bu8iuoss already, without an innocent . man lioanng a guilty ouo's burdon! If you carod for. my sistor — and I boliovo you dul — I imploro you to toll . mo tlio roal facts of tho enso. I know I cannot compol you to do so, but I speak to you from tho lovol of our . conimon humauity, as 0110 woman to . anothor. If you could assuro mo that Reginald Aldliam was tho man who was nnsworablo for my sister's unhnppinosg, you would lift a lioavy burdonu from 1113- heart !' . No woman — or man oithor, for that , matter — is wholly impervious to tho divino sontiinont of pity, and Mrs. , , Barker laid alroady shown that, a spark of it had boon kmdlod m hor heart by Mnroia's sad futo. Anothor spark Btruolc firo at tho contaot of Lottico's impassiouod ap- poal ; but it was not strong onough to ovoroomo that ruling pnssion of. old ago — avarioo. 'Look hero,' sho said dohboratoly, may-. Do JL can toll you moro of your sistor. than you know, and may ho my knowledge is worth smoothing. What aro you inclined to pay 1110 for it?' .. v.' Anything — ovory thing!' meoho- rontly. "'.Tlint moans just nothing nt. all, and if wo'ro going to do business, wo may as well do it in a businoss- liko way. Will you givo mo ton pounds ? ' iTho roquost was not an oxorhitant ono, but this must not bo sot down to Mrs. Linker's natural ' modosty. Rathor wob it duo to tlio fact that sho know nothing of Lottico's suddou nc- oossion of fortuno, and boliovod hor to bo still a poor govoruess, to whom ton . pounds roprosoutod a vory considorablo amount. Lottioo chnncod to linvo two fivo- pound notos in hor purso. Slio took thorn out and hold thom boforo tho woman's oyos. . '.Thoy shall bo yours if you will toll mo everything you know.' Mrs. Barker uoddoil approvingly. . Busmoss conduotod 011 thoso linos mot with lior full iipnrobation. , < Vory woll, thon, I will. Captain Aldham's out of tho country now, and it's not vory likoly ho'll ovor como back, so it won't mako much difforonco to bim, ono way or otlior. For my part, I novor tliought it quito fair that ho Bliould tnko Mr. Ellosuioro's namo fit. 'fill, mwl iinvhniiR if ATv Iflllnqmnvn had troatod mo as ho ought I should . have told him about it. But I10 didn't. Wo novor got 011. woll togothor, mo and Jum, and it ondod in his tolliug mo I had bolter loavo tlio Grange. That reminds mo. I always thought it wns you as put him up to it ! ' 'Then you thought wrong,' ro- turnod Lottico. hastening 111 lior own int6rosts to diapol this illusion. 'I novor onoo moutionod your namo to Mr. Ellosmoro.' Mrs. Barker lookod nt lior koonly, but tho- clear groy oyos mot hors with such porfoct candour and lnnoconco that sho was apparently convinced of thoir owner's voracity. "Thon it was Sir Wilfred Aldliam,' sho- said, and 111 tins idoa sho was right. ' Howovor, that's noithor lioro nor tlioro; Whon your sistor lirst enmo to tho Grango and inquired for Mr. Ellosmoro ho was away in Lon don, but I took hor m, poor thing, be- causo I could soo sho was _ ready to drop with fatiguo, and tlioro was somothing in hor faoo that would have moved, n stono to pity. That vory flight hor baby was horn, and the noxt morning, just as I was going to tologrnph for Mr. 'Hubert, who should oomo into tho Grnngo but Captain Aidhnm. It saoms ho had had a lottor. from tho lady, saying sho was comiug to try and find "him, and he had guoasod whoro alio was. I asked him how it was sho knew him as Mr. Ellosmoro, and ho said tlioro wore reasons why ho wishod . to koop his real namo from hor, and ho had adopted Mr. EUesmoro's because sho lrappoiiod to . soo a card in his pocket bearing that namo, nnd had at onco jumpod at tho conclusion that it was his. ' 'Ho bogged mo not to undoooivo hor, and — woll, I10 made it worth my wliilo to hold my tongue. So I did, and ns your sistor wns not fit to bo moved, sho stayed on with mo. ' Whon Mr. Ellosmoro came liorao of course wo wnntod to nrrnmro some talo to acoount for lior being thoro, though wo took caro ho should not soo hor, so I told him it was a niooo of mino whoso husband was b seafaring man, nnd he novor mado any furthor inquirios about hor. ' As for 'nor, bIio kopt nearly nlwnys to lior own room, so sho novor onco saw him, and Captain Aldliam usod to como wliou I10 know Mr. Ellosmoro wns out. Ono night she gave us n fright by going off alono to Aldliam Mount, but luokily for himself Cap tain Aidhnm saw her, aud, brought hor bnolr. Ho was only just in timo, for Mr. Ellosmoro came in ton minutes afterwards, nnd tho Captain had to wait till lio wont, to bod bofore start ing back for tho Mount. I always know tlio thing would ond badly, and I wasn't a bit, surprisod to hoar that tho poor young lady had thrown lior solf into tho river.' ' From whom did you lionr it ? ' nskod Lottioo, hoarsoly, wliilo slio slindod hor oyos with hor bund. 'From Captain Aidhnm himsolf. Ho enmo up horo a little whilo aftor you loft, nnd I uovor soo a man so ohnngod 111 all my lifo. Ho told mo lio had soon an acoount of tho suicide in tho paper, and it giivo a description of tlio hat tlio girl had thrown off bo- forn film mnrln lint iitmn tlm bridge. Ho recognised tho descrip tion nt onoo; and oamo up horo to mako inquirios. Woll, I nllnys told him ho' d got paid out for liis deception ; and so ho was, or olso I'm vory much mistakon.' As sho finished speaking Ferroll apponrod from behind tho trees.. ' Aro you nearly ready ? ' ho said, addressing himself to Lottioo. Timo is getting on.' Sho gavo him somo nioolmnioal answor ; what it was sho novor know, and permitted him to put lior jn tlio cab again. Hor faco was stern and sot, mid tlioro wns an oxprossiou in lior oyos that mado tlio solicitor look nt lior uueomfortnbly from timo to timo. But sho did not spoalc, except when London was roachod, to intimate that tho hansom was to put hor dowri at hor own .liomo. As slio entered tho liall Lady Alicia mot hor, buttouiug the oiglith button of hor long Suctle gloves, preparatory to going for a drive in tho park. ' Why, whoro on earth liavo you boon?' sho oxolnimod. ' I have been wondering what oould have become of you ! ' But without a word Lottioo swept by upstairs, and my lady gazed after hor rathor unonsily. ' Living with that girl is almost ns bad as living near a volcnno ! ' sbo inu'ttorod, with a slight shrug of hor sillran ahonlflfirs. r Onn tinvor Imnirn what is going to happon noxt ! ' Onoo in lior own room, Lottioo sank down on hor kneos on tho floor, and buried hor faco in lior bands. Every thing was clonr to bor now. Regi nald's guilt, Mnrcia's mistako, and hor own irretriovahlo folly. How could sho ovor liavo boliovod Hubort capable of such, baso tronohery. Hubort, whoso only fault was a too groat lovo for horsolf ? ' And now I havo driven bim away, and mndo him liato mo ! ' she cried out, with an uttor despair, dry eyed, but most pitiful to wituoss. '"i liavo robbed him of his inlioritanoo, I havo scorned his lovo, I havo debased him and myself by believing this wiekod- noss. How shall I ovor rodeom rav sin?' Agnin lior hoad sank in hor arras, and groat, hoart-ronding sobs buret from hor bosom. Suroly no womau's lot had ovor boon so cruel boforo ! 1 That same night Lottico, having ox- cused horsolf from appearing nt dinnor, caino down into tho drawing- room, whoro Lady Alicia was sitting at tho laco.shroudod window, looking out into tlio dnrknoss of tho park boyond, and yawning idly ovor tho last now novel from Mudie's. Sho was vory angry with Lottioo, inasmuch ns thnt vnnno 1.., .li-'u vngarios had condemned her to a solitary oyoning at homo, whon thoy both might have boon amusing thom- solvos at tho oporo ; and my lady was not ono of thoso porsous givon to tho pnjoymont of thoir own sooioty. Besides this, Lottioo had boon absent moro or loss all dny, and had not ovou soon fit to explain whoro sho had boon to, which wns a slight 011 Lady Alicia, and ono that sho was inciinbd to resont deeply. Tho worst of it was, however, tlint Lady Alicia dnrod not say muoh to lior young companion, for Lottico was her goose with tho goldon oggs, nnd my lady was much too wi?o to risk oilond- ing hor. ; Thoroforo hor whims nnd cnpricos had to bo put up with and smiled upon, wlion, in ono person's, 'opinion at lons't, thoy dosorvod nothing dp much ns a- good scolding. I should liko to shako hor, haughty little upstart as sho is! ' said my lady to horsolf, viciously, and sho graspod hold of the silvor and ivory paper knife that was lying on hor lap in a highly suggostivo manner. ' I wish I woro ono of thoso Eastern empresses we road about, who can do what thoy liko to thoir subjects, and sho woro my slave — ' . Sho did not finish hor sentence, bocnuse the' ontranco of its object interrupted it ; but from the expres sion in hor .face it may be guessed that nudor tho conditions mentioned Lot tioo would have had a protUy bad timo of it. ' Ah 1 ' sho said, half turnirtg round, and smiling hor swoot, conventional smilo, ' so you havo had onough of sulking all by yourself upstairs, and havo soon fit to tnko pity on my lone liness. _ I am glad of it, for I was beginning to fool bored.' Lottico mado no answor, hut oamo and stood in front of my lady, juBt whoro the soft silvor lamp shono fully upon her. Lady Alioia gave a littlo Boroam as sho saw how white and sal hor features woro. 'Good Hoavens!' she exclaimed, ' What havo you boon doing to your self? You look liko a nineteenth contury ghost 1 ' 'Wo need not discuss my appear ance,' obsorved tho young girl, ooldly, ' since I havo n much moro important mnttor to speak about. How long did you take this house for ?' 'Dear mo, you aro really vory abrupt! You ought to remember that it was takon for tliroo months.' ' And thnt throo months expires at the end of July ?' 'Yos. We deoidod to go to Cowos then, and have somo yachting. Why doyounsk?' ' Boonuso somothing has occurred which will nltor all my plans, and as a conBoquenco, yours also. To-morrow I loavo, but before going, I wish to oomo to definite arrangements with you.' My lady sank back amongst hor downy cushions with a smnll shriek. ' You are going to bo married !' sho gasped. ' No, but I am going to earn my own living again.' My lady lookod at her with wide opon bluo oyos. ' Aro you mad ?' sho said. think, but I dm sano onough now. I nm going to plnoo tho whole of my fortune in the hnnds of Mr. Maxwell, who is, I boliovo, Hubert Ellosmoro' s solicitor, and then it will behove mo to apply for a situation ns governoss, as ,1 shall bo practically penniless. Under thoso ciroumstancos I don't suppose it at all likoly that you will oaro to continue our partnership, oven if I woro inclined to do so — which I am not.' . Lady Alicia gazed helplessly bofore hor. So far ns sho was concerned tub. world might bo coming to an end for't tho lonlever sement was just as terrible. Tonrs of impotent angor started to her eyes. ' You aro treating mo abominably !' 'ihd, exclaimed with no attempt to con trol hor rage. 'Here have I boon doing my host for you, presenting you at Court, taking you out to grand housos that you never would otherwise havo ontorod, and making you tho fashion, nnd thon you turn round upon me thus! Talk about a viper that stings the hand that fed it ! You havo treated mo worse than that a thousand timoa !' Over tho tired pallor of Lotty's face there flittodtho ghost of a bitter smile. ' Do you think so ? I'm afraid I am of opinion that anything I may owe you is wiped off by the rememhrnnoo nf VOIIT lif.f.ln wlr.ll .Tnmoa "Rnulrnr If I rofrain from publishing your share in that matter you can hardly nccuse me of nonconsideration for your toolings.' My lady said not a word— neither of surprise, shame nor denial. Leaning back against tho pale blue satin dam ask of hor cushions, she looked at Let- ties with a strange oxprossiou of baffled enmity in tho turquoise depths of her oyos ; then she got up abruptly and loft the room. Fate had not boon kind to Lady Alicia on the whole. Sho was pretty, sho was clever, she was hoartloss— and yot sho had not compelled success. fTo be continued. J 