Singular " Ghost" Story from Peterborough. , A Frightful Scar#. Tho people of Peterborough are greatly disturbed concerning tho extra ordinary procoodiug of a ghost, 'Some months ago a small liouso in Miiyor's- walk was to lot, and it was takeu by a. railway man named Rimes, whoso family consisted of his wife, brothor, and wife'b brother, and throo children. Ever since going into tho liouso tlioy had boen sub jected to the most extraordinary.. and terrifying experiences, until tlioy word rlrivnn frnm flin nlnno TW n, lrmf time tlioy believed tlioy wero being mado the subject of a practical joke, and every means was adopted to discovor the per- potrntors. Neighbors and others wore callod in, who sat lip all night watching, but they fled from tho place ill- terror.: A private dotoctivo, who bad been suc cessful in oxposing impostures of a ghostly character, was. also called in, Gut bo fled boforo tho morning dawped. Whilst tho inmates woro in bo'd an in visible hand lifted the bod-clothes and throw tliein on the floor. Tho doors would bo shaken with groat violence. On' ono such. occasion a door was partly broken, although Rimes was in the room at tho time. But, porhaps tho, most torrifyiug part of tho proceedings was the unearthly noises that accompanied | thoso manifestations. Ono witness stntos that it was liko a portion of the liouso falling in with a crash. Another doscribed it as though n cart-load of bricks bad been tipped up in tho houso. Tho noises varied, and occasionally wore liko a tabln ladou with crockery boing overturned. Tho private dotoctivo says ho hoard what lie imagined to ho a sack of. coals drawn along, the lauding, aud then thrown down, the. stairs. Strango to say, howovor, . that although tlio noises were so groat as to alarm all tho neighbors, nothing in tho liouso was ovor found displaced; The visitations woro ul most invariably preceded by a low humming noise, is if caused by a rushing wind.; 'The uoigliborB declared that Iiousob have been shaken as if -by tho reports of tl cannon. Tho noisos wore not always so dreadful, Tho Friday beforo Christmas Day, aud tho last night but ono of tho old year, woro said to bo tlio worst, and the noisos on those days aro said to have boon most terrific and awe-aspiring. 