CHAPTER V. COLONEL DE ROAL. The ball which followed close upon the heels of the dramatic entertainment, was at its height. From the half circular gallery above the gay throng, it seemed that the play had just begun. Those who had taken part in the mimic scenes here tofore were merged into the picture, and added tone and color to it. An old clock of antique model, standing above the balustradcd stairway, chimed an hour after midnight as C .»lonel de Itoal passed onward with measured tread to the suite of rooms beyand assigned to his use. He' had not changed one jot of his costume as ; Sir Giles Overreach, except the heavy j wig. He entered his room, took a wet | sponge, and carefully removed all traces of the dark lines which had been streaked upon his face fcy the costumiers, who had given it the hard, stern aspect of the greedy, money-grubbing hero of Ma>sin ger's drama. This accomplished to his satisfaction, the Colonel stood before the huge mirror and complacently stroked his large " moustache reflectively for some considerable time. At the further end of the apartment there was an old weather-beaten trunk standing on a chair. Torn portions of many labels of divers' colors still adhered to it, proving that it had been a great traveller in its day. Whatever might have been the subject of Colonel de Roal's cogitations, they evi dently had some connecting link with the valise, for, his thinking fit ended, he pro duced a key, unlocked the receptacle, and took therefrom some documents, together part of an old newspaper. These he thrust into his doublet. As he was about to close the trunk a s coud thought seemed to occur to him, for he plunged his hand amongst its miscellaneous contents, and drew forth a small revolver. *' Gaston de Eoal, you have existed in this beautiful world till you are old and grey, but your trust in human nature has ?not been improved by time mon ami. Trust no one is a good maxim. The great est military genius of any time trusted his friend Brutus, and Brutus murdered Caesar. Humph ! rest there my friend tili wanted," he continued in a muttered tone. " When one has to play with a skilled gamester it is well to have more than one tramp card to hand." With the same measured, soldierly tread,-which appeared part and parcel of the man, he went out along the corridor, smiling and bowing with courtly grace to many who had taken possession of the grand staircase to kUs and flirt, and as cending a small flight of stairs branching therefrom, entered a chamber situated al most at the apox end ot the building. | The apartment was a sort of retreat or smoking room used by Hilton Fernbrook, and on that account was held strictly private from all iutrnsion by that srentie man's guests. Nevertheless, the Colonel marched in without ceremony. Hilton Fernbrook was seated, conning a rough chart sprea 1 out on a table be ford him, w.'iiSe Timothy Sharpe, his man, introduc d in, the first chapter of tnis history as the F rret, stood by, ready ; equipped, as if for a long journey. j Tl»e latter personage was evidently dis j turbed at the i-ight of the intruder, but i Fe.rubrook ruste quietly «v.id bade his i visitor welcome. j ''We will defer your dep irture, Sharpe, j until the morning," h said, folding up j the map and placing't in in iron oox, which ho locked. *' Now go." *' Pray, don't let me disturb you, my dear Fernbrook," began the Colonel. *' Be seated, sir. The business is of little imparlance,"rejoined Hilton, draw ing an easy chair towards the fire. "Good night, Sharpe. Close the door." The Ferret bowed and retired, but not through the door which de Roal had en tered. He drew aside a thick curtain which divided the room from a deep re cess filled with useless guns, fishing tackle, &c.;, and made his exit through a low doorway behind it. The master of Fernbrook and his visitor sat in silence for several minutes after the departure of the Ferret. "My son, I feel inquisitive to-night," said the Colonel in his blandest tone after a long pause. 44 I'm afraid 1 have an noyed you by coming here unexpected ly*", " Not at all. Colonel de Roal is quite at liberty to go where he pleases here at Fernbrook. But what are your de sires ?" " What is behind that screen 1" "Nothing but old lumber accumulated, tlie Lord knows when or how." " And the doorway there is in the re cess ?" " Itleads to a passage opening to the stables below, that's all." " Humph! This is but a poor, unat tractive apartment, mon dier. with so many at your command, and very much superior in the way of embellishments." Hilton Fernbrook turned and looked full in the face of his companion. " This room suits me," he responded slowly. " Here I am secure from in trusion. Come sir," he added more quickly, " you have not sought me in my den to ask silly questions at two o'clock in the morning." " No, my son, certainly not. By the bye, are you certain that we are free from intrusion 7' ." As free as if we were out yonder on the ocean." " Grood! cried the Colonel in his usual smooth voice. "After all I have not ccme to tell of ghosts and goblins, and of mur ders done at midnight. Neither have Z auj's crefs of church or state to unfold at this witching hour. My dear boy, my sole errand is to show you a paragraph in an old newspaper, wliicn may possibly interest you." '.Thank you. What newspaper is it?" " The ' Sydney Morning Herald," bear ing.date of 13th March, 18 replied the Colouol. "Twelve months ago." " Exactly." 4'The news is certainly stale." * "Bat perhaps none the less interesting J fur all that. Some kind of information, like old wine, is all the better f"r being old. SLall-I read the paragraph 1" "Do so." De Roal drew his chair nearer to the table, on which stood a small perfumed lamp. Placing h s gold eye glass with due care and nicety, he pulled forth the paper from his doublet and began to read. Hilton Fernbrook looked at his com panion with a smile, but it was the cold habitual smile of the practical man of the world. Above it the eyes gleamed with a sinister expression of dislike, and the brow frowned over the eyes like an over hanging thunder cloud. " It is now ascertained beyond a doubt that the burning wreck seen bjf the ship Durham Castle, en voyage to New Zea land, was none other than the schooner "Seagull," which disappeared so mysteri ously from this port some months ago. It will bo remembered that the Captain of the "Seagulengaged a crew of six men f ir a voyage to Tonga, Fiji Islands. On the way the crew mutinied, and put the Skipper ashore on a small island within a day's sail of Hauti, and there left him to his fate. By a pure chance Captain Bowls was discovered and taken on board the S.S. Stormbird a month afterwards, aud brought on to Sydney more dead than alive after terrible suffering." The reader paused, and looking at hia companion, said My son, what do you think of it ?" Hilton Fernbrook shrugged his broad shoulders. "Think of what, Colonel? What in terest cau 1 have in the doings of such wretches ?" " Merely for study, dear boy. 1 know you are fond of describing the motive power which moves the criminal class. Hear this-.' It is known that one of the mutinous crew engaged by Captain Bowls of the ' Seagull' was beyond doubt a noted criminal named Victor Mauprat, an escapee from Portland Prison, Eng land." " Rumor hath it that this convict is well educated and of good bivtb, his father j being no less a personage than M. j Auguste de Mauprat, Consul at Port Royal, and his mother Berih Pierpoint, a Creole of good family in Jamaica, West Indies. He was sentenced to seven years' penal servitude for killing a British j officer in some gambling brawl, and has, so far, managed to elude recapture. It is also believed that another of the crew j was formerly Mauprat's man or valet, and who, under the nam de plume of the 'Fer- j ret' Wis known to the continental police as the tnost brilliant card-sharper of the day." Description of the escapees : "Mauprat-age about 27. tall and gen tlemanly ; carriage, military; com-. plexion, very dark, but clear; head, long; hair, black and curly ; forehead, high ; black piercing eyes, well cut nose and mouth ; frame, strongly built; hands and fent small. Mauprat has a peculiar gaol mark upon his shoulder which should easily lead to the detection of this dau gerous criiiiiual." " Does this picture remind you of any one you are acquainted with, my dear Fernbrook ?*' asks the Colonel, taking his glass from his eye. " Why should it, Colonel de Roal ?" " Oblige me by looking in yonder mir ror while 1 read this description of the escaped convict, Victor Mauprat," says the Colonel, blandly. " Pshaw ! My dear air," cried the young man with a sharp laugh, " your jesting is iil-tim<'d. Amuse yourself at my expense if it so pleases you, but pray select a more fitting model for my like ness." The Colonel fixed hia glass and looked at him with a cold stare of surprise, which had in it a subtle touch of satanic humour, which might have robbed an ordinary individual of his self-posses sion.-To be Continued. F Jt 4 