DRIVEN TO SUICIDE. Continued.) It was all perfectly true. Mary Bates, confronted with the victim and charged with the crime whioh she had thought hidden from all human knowledge, con- fessed that after leaving Nelly ot the Boar'e Head she bad procured a knife and hidden herself in the victim's room, stealing from her hiding place und slaying the helpless woman in her drunken sleep. They had long been oneraies, and Mary Bates hated her rival's comparative good looks and (better manners, hated her also for the interest taken in her by Mr. Garner. And the barman at the beer house when closely questioned remem bered to have seen the two women together, though he liud previously stated that "Warren left the house with the sailor, whom he did not see go out. Two duys after the experiment whioh had ended in the discovery of Nelly "Warren's murderess, Mr. Garner oame to my hotel. ' He looked very pale and worn, and terribly dejected. Of course he remembered nothing but what had been told him of what had transpired at that momentous hypnotic interview. ' I can't get that woman out of my sight,' he said, after the usual greetings. ' Night and day there is ever before me the vision of the blood-stained corpse, with that horrid gash across the throat. I con jure up all manner of scenes depicting the event, and it ull scemB ae real as if I were an actor instead of a spectator. I shall go inad if it goeB on much longer.' 1 You ought not to Btay in this neigh bourhood,' I said. 'The ussooiutions are altogether too painful for you. Apart from this terrible uffuir, it is not a place nor a work at all suitad to a man of your temperament. Take my advice and leave at onee. Take a sea trip, go abroad, get among scenes tho novelty of which will distract your mind from this morbid dwelling upon the horrible.' ' I thank you for your advice,' ho said quietly, ' I know it to bo good. But I cannot go away and leave my work like that. The little good I have been able to do would bo all thrown uwuy unless I can leave someone behind me to follow it up ' ' I do not think you will be any better while you remain here. Get away as soon as you oan Meanwhile, try not to think of unpleasant things, and above all force your mind away from contemplation of that murder.' Whon Mr. Garner left he was calmer, and had promised me ho would expedite his arrangements for leaving the town. But there was a brooding horror in his eyes I did not like to see. I folt so un- \- comfortable about him, indeed, that early in the morning of the day after his visit to me I set out to call upon him. My way took me through the dis reputable quarter in which Mr. Garner earned' on his untiring self-sacrificing work. As I approached the street I could seo that something was wrong. People wero running with frightened, anxious looks upon their faces, the whole district seemed to be in commotion. Could it be tbo5 anything had happened to Mr. Garner, I thought, as I quickened my steps. ' What is it ?' I inquired of nn artisan who seemed a trifle more respectable than the generality of the people thereabout. ' They sny it's another woman murdered,' he pouted, ae ho hurried on. A few doors from the house in which Mr. Garner lodged a crowd had assembled, and was noisily disoussing such details as had oozed out. As the body had only been discovered within the laBt half-hour, these wore of the most moagre descrip tion. I was passing on to acquaint Mr. Garner with the affair when I met the inspeotor who had assisted at the little seance a few dayB before. Ho accosted me, and made a strange grimaoe as he remarked : 1 Wonder if we shall want you again over tbis affair ?' 'I hope not,' I said, as I entered tho house with. him. 'I doubt very muoh whether Mr. Garner would have the strength, even if he had the will, to go through another suoh experience.' : , The scene in the room was an almost exact repetition , of thut'in Nelly Warren's case. The woman, Phoebe Thomson, was ono of the olasB among. whom Mr. Garner \- had laboured so zealously, and, as far as I could gather, with so littlo result. She lay stretched nt full longth upon the bed, dressed ae eho had pi- -Hubly returned from a drinking bout the night before; and across the throat was a great wide gash. There was this difference between thu two coses, that another lodgor in the house had seen Thomson stumbling up the stairs shortly before midnight, muoh the worse for drink. There was certainly no one with her then. While the inspector wob making his in vestigations, I slipped away to Mr. Garner's lodgings. I found the landlady there in a state of considerable agitation, not on account of the murder, of whioh she had not heard, but because of the Btate in which eho had that morning found her lodger. He wsb generally so punctual, said the woman, that when at 10 o'olock ho did not make his appear ance in the sitting-room to partake of the breakfast she had prepared for him, she had gone upBtairs. Getting no responso to her knock, she tried the handle, found the door was not looked, aud oponed it. Sitting on the aide of the bed she saw Mr. Gurner dressed in tho Ioobo overcoat and soft folt hat he usually wore out of doors 1 Helookedlikea ghost,' she added, 'and gave me suoh a turn, epeoially when he eat there all dazed-like, and never looked up or spoke a word, that I ran down here to think what it would bo best to do Bccauso he ain't got no relations about these parts, as I knows on.' Leaving the woman to get over her ' turn ' as best she could, I ran up the stairs and looked into Mr. Garner's room through the partly open door before I ven tured in. Ho was still sitting in th position which had been described to mo. ' Mr. Garner,' I said, stepping softly into the room. At the sound of my voioe he lifted his head, and I saw that he had relapsed into a stato of hypnotio lethargy, the result of tho peouliar mental condition in whioh ho had been living the last two or three days. ' Come, rouse up,' I oxolaimed, as I took the usual stops to awaken him. He started, looked at me with a puzzled stare for nearly a miuute, brushed his hand serosa his forehead, and generally behaved like a poreon emerging from a state of stupor. 'Where am I — what does it all mean?' ho cried. Then, with a ory of horror I shall never forget, he started to his feet and exclaimed : ' There has been another woman murdered.' ' There certainly has,' I said, ' and olose by, too. But bow on earth did you know ol it ? The body lias only just been found.' _ ' I have been dreaming about it all night,' he said, in a sad, wenry tone which cut me to the heart. 1 Look here, Mr. Garner, you must get out of nil this at once, whether your work suffers or not. We shall have you in a lunatio aBylum very shortly if you stay here.' He mode no reply, and I went on — 'I'll just rundown to the place and bring you what particulars there aro, wliilo you change your things nnd freshen yourself up a bit. You look as though you had been up all night.' ' Who is it this time ?' he asked quietly, taking no notice of anything I had said. ' Her namo is Phoebe Thomson,' I re plied. Waiting a moment to see how he took the announcement, and finding that it seemed to make no impression, I went out, pulling tho door to after mo. I had only been in the murdered woman's apartment long enough to learn from the inspector that, grasped in her clenched fist, he had found a blaok cloth- covered button, each as are used on men's couts, when a woman's terrified Bhrieke resounded from the etroet below. Leaving a constable in oharge of the room, the inspeotor hastened downstairs to ascertain the cause of this fresh tumult. We found Mr. Garner's landlady in a state bordering upon frorizy, and learned that her lodger had out his throat. It wus even so. We found Mr Garner in hiB Bhirt sleeves, lying on his hack across tho b6d, with the blood streaming on to the floor from a gash in his throat iuflioted evi dently with_ a large clasp knife still grasped in his hand. It was impossible to bovo him; by the time a surgeon urrived ho was quite dead. But the tragedy was not yet endod. There were marks of blood on his olothing and upon his left hand whioh, from the position in whioh we found him, ob well as from tho fact that the blood was dry, could not have beiui caused by the wound he had inflicted upon himself. Tho in spector, ohancing to look at the thin blaok overcoat Mr. Garner had thrown off, was struok by the similarity of tlio buttons with that found in the murdored woman's grasp, ns also by the fact that one was missing and had evidently been recently torn off with considerable force. In one of the pockets of the overcoat, also, woro marks of blood as though a bloody hand had been thrust in. Fieoing together bit by bit one link of evidence with another, we'oould come to ' no othor conclusion than that Mr. Gnr- nBr's mind had been thrown off its balance by tho shook of the Budden dis- covory of Nolly Warren's murder, that he had brooded over it till the whole affair, as he had informed me, was pre sent with him day and niglit, that he had seen this woman leaving a beerhouse in a similiar condition and under similar cir cumstances to those in the othor oase, and that he had traoked her to her lodg ings, and then, or afterwards, out her throat. I did not believe, I do not believe now, that Mr, Garner knew what he was doing. Not that he was mad or insane as suoh a condition is generally understood. But the morbid suseeptibility to .which he wob subjoot had predisposed him to an attack of homioidal munia, which was aggravated and started into activity by the unfortunate hypnotio experiment he himsolf bad suggested. After I loft him, having for tho timo dispelled tho vapours by whioh his mind had been hoolouded, and arouBbd liirn to a fuller oonsoiousnees of hia notions, something must have .occurred to lead him to Buppose that he himself was iu this case tho murderer ; a discovery quite sufficient in a person of such temperament to induoo tho suioidal not he then committed. " A Won 4 IV "4 . TRIUMPH " . . Will be Commenced To-Momtow. 