Brief Notes. Dr L. L. Smith thinks Pavliament should be shutnup for six years. Judge Williams says a publican ean not Live a drink to a friend on Sunday. I)ora Dora blacks again seen by ex cited shepherds. London newspaper publisher fined for giving result of a guessinlg competi tion. - Indiana giving fresh trouble in aexico. Sir Bernard Bourke, the British amily maker, is dead. Anglo-Australian Bank case post poned until February. A child, six years old, snffering from a terrible disease in South Melbourne. Two of Wirth Bros'. Indians prefer whisky to circus work. Each of the Melbourne papers is nominating its own Governor for the fMelbourne Gaol. Mr Hume Black, M.L.A., appointed at a thousand a year to tell Britishers what a heaven awaits immigrants in Qneensland.. No-confidence motion moved by Mr Reld in N.S.W. Colliery explosion near Wigan. 100 -mien entombid. Russian oelicer murdered at Kieff. Be civil, that you may become great. Old wheat very firm at Adelaide. Another amended time - table this week. "Rolvalitsa at the bottom of Panama Canal fever. Pauper in Lambeth poorhouse has been left L225,000. Russia still drawing in gold. Baron Reinach, of the Panaman Canal scheme, died of poison. M. Cooinat is sick of French Minis tries, and would like to retire. Lohmann, the Sydney cricketer, is very unwell. Water alone will lay the Mildura ghost. Briquette works proposed at Mor well. Snow fell in the Upper Murray dis trict last week. St. Matthew's School, Albury, hail a visit from burglars. Two hundred thousand womlen en gaged at lace-making in Frnee. The British Mureum autho-ities pail £25 for the original of the 1,eed of sale :f the site of Melbourno to John BUt nan, signed in 1835 by a number of Victorian aboriginal chiefs. It was accidentally discovered in a bookseller's shop, and the trustees of the Melbourne Pbhlic Library can have a fae simile of hle deed. Splendlid entries linhe been received for the Tocumwal races, to b hill onu New Year's Day. There are 1i horses in the hurdles, 13 in the Tocillinmwi landicap, 18 in the Flyhiin I hanimnp, 14 il the President's Stakes, andi 12 in the 1'rot. The vines about Ardmona arie look ing spleidid, and the vintae, is -x ,pceted to be large. 