REQUITAL, s s BY SMIL'S A. GETCHELL, o s 1 Is there, then, no death for a word once spoken ? *'Was never a deed but left its token Written on tables never broken Î" I am an old woman of fourscore, but my eye is not dimmed nor my natural force abated ; for which I thank the Lord. . Poor I am not, nor unhappy in my old age, for I hare always done with my might what my hands found to do, and rendered carefully to others the same I wished tendered to me. That's my creed, and it has served my need these many years. Fifty—yes,sixty—years ago I lived the story I am going to tell I was blithe Belle Hurlburt then, with light heart and strong limbs, and just beginning to" keep company with John Bourne. How long ago it ssems now! ._ : Ah, well I vVta. Widow Bourne now. »Ve were jSttfeSn^u^^yss^^fcailiifctte mother and I; we iept actnal want at^ayl thiwghiMrewflre times when thé opportunity of supplying my mother with needed luxuries, and myself with gayer attire, was temptingly presented for my acceptance, but the price was one I, in all my Hurlburt pride, would not pay. 1 preferred starvation to shame, and so struggled on ; I was proud even in my poverty. , Mother and I had few relatives, at least that cared tor us. It was as well. I felt a sort of contempt for the world in general. 1 know better now. But there was one distant connection in whom I felt a vague, peculiar interest, more, perhaps, because I knew so little of him, and that little uncertain and unsatisfactory. From my childhood's day he bad been the ogre of my imagination ; a faacy induced by the carefully concealed conversations and mysterious hints which often passed between my father and mother, when I was not supposed to be listening. This personage was my lather's uncle, Richard Hurlburt, of whom no one seemed to know much, except that he was penurious to the last degree, lived in a very secluded.way, and that the suspicion of some unnamed crime rested upon him, and exiled him from society. As I grew older and my understanding was sharpened by experience, my mother confided to me facts which threw light on many dark points, but nevertheless sharpened my curiosity and increased my desire to know more of my uncanny old relative ; but no word or sign ever came to us, and up to my twentieth year he appeared like amytu in an Arabian story. I had occasion to remember that year. It was a hard one for those who were dependent upon their daily toil for their bread. Then came the hardest blow to my pride. John told me one evening that he ceuld no longer support himself at his trade, and having the opportunity of a more remunerative employment, bad accepted the situation of gardener and man of all work on a gentleman's estate in an adjoining county. I was indignant. An independent mechanic was very well, but a commou servant—gardener, hostler, and boy in general—was too much. Tears and expostulations were in vain ; John was firm. A chance to honestly earn his living .in any calling, however humble, was better, he maintained, than starving through mistaken notions of gentility. And so we parted. It was with the understanding that oar acquaintance had better cease. The secret tears shed, and the bitterness of spirit that was mine, I do not care to remember; indeed, they were Boon forgotten in a sorer trouble that was slowly coming upon me. With tbe falling lea/es and shortening days, the stern truth came home to me, though I forgot it resolutely, that my mother, the only friend that I had in the whole world now, except that mysterious gteat-imcle, was Blqwjy though imperceptibly elip- •pjngaway from this life into that which is to come. '-.yjiasaHttia mé ©nftyway. The journey was uneventful. I wrapped myself In my veil, and paid heed to no one until ihecouduotor called out the name of my stopping-place; and after two minutes' wrestle with bags and belongings I found myself etanding alone on a platform a few feet equate, placed at the terminus of a country road, beside tbe railway track, the train disappearing in the distance. Through the moist atmosphere and sickly sunlight of tbe February afternoon, a half-grown boy approached and announced he had *' oome for Mr, Hurlburt's folks." On declaring myself to be the party in question, he disappeared, and presently came up with a light waggon, in which, after some effort, my goods and I were beBtowed, and we drove off through the sludge. Conversation was not animatéd, for my escort could not or wonld not answer my inquiries, and after having learned there were in the family, beside my ancle, the housekeeper and the head mant to whom he was factotum, I was obliged to hold my peace, and plan what sources of pleasure or entertainment might be mine in each a household. - Only onoas in answer to a question, did my chu* foteer venture a remark of his own. On my inquiry whether Mr Hurlburt was a kind* employer, lie replied that he was well enough, never scolded or found fault, and the board was very good ; but—in a confidential way—he had nightmare pretty bad, every night Sometimes, so Mrs Farnaby bad to call dp John. Having heard of euch eases, often du8 to a diseased «tate of the body, 1,made aomegenerali-emark in reply, that I had hâd some,experience with night» mare, and did not fear It in the least. So relapsisg into silence we rode on, uniflat a turn in she roadmy companion pointed oat the termination of cur drive, «Haated-m a little valley, through which, it was apparent, a email stream flowed in summer. ' * *. . : Tfce bouse was comparatively modern,Ijut slightl^ ont o! repair, «id looking as if its inhabitants must be iefc- innumber,«o little *ign of life wae theirc aboutit. The waggon rolled—or rather splashed—through a wldesatewarsto a door at the Bide of tbèhouïe, ïnoficâî i|»«a9gUigthafcithelnmt door had the ipo w M d t c a b a " i w a e collection, ïor my brain was fairly wild with impious thoughts, and my heart cried out in defiant rebellion. I shut it all within myself, that no sigh or unguarded word might betray to her loving, patient soul the war in-my bosom. She thought my heavy eyes and sullen reveries were due to my prolonged hcurs of labor and anxiety for her comfort. Ob, me ! the mutual, fond deceptions of those weary months. The end came soon enough. I saw her laid away uader the melting snows oi February, and went back to my home with a fooling of otter indifference as to my future ; it was buried in my mother's grave. I shut myself up, refusing, perhaps ungraciously. the well-meant offers of sympathy from my neighbors, to brood alone, and plau, if I could, for what might be. There was no home for me anywhere. The fourth day at noon there came a rap at the door, and the postman, a most unusual visitant, handed me a letter. I let it lie before me a while ere I opened it, wondering if it brought me good or evil. At last breaking the seal, and unfolding the sheet, glancing down the lines to see the writer's name, I started, dropped it, thought a moment, took it up again, and read it resolutely through. It was worded in a style of old- time courtesy, addressed to my mother, and offering her and her children a. home, if the company of an old man, feeble and disappointed, would be no drawback to their comfort, and signed, " Eichard Hurlburt." Here was food for meditation, and I thought until sunset, and tossed most of the night upon a sleepless pillow debating what was best to do. Here was a home, food and fire, and the society of an aged, joyless man, as far as I knew, my only relative ; should I accept it, or go out into the world to win what refuge 1 could 1 This was the old man concerning whom I had heard uncertain, disconnected stories in my childhood, with whom I associated the memory of my father's rare burets of passion, and my mother's careful avoidance of everything which might xeoall to him his relative ; and how gently and firmly she repressed all my queries on the subject. One phrase, howevsr, came back to my memory, which as a child 2 bad caught through a half-open door, a bitter exclamation of my father's concerning " a great wrong," and my mother's murmured words about forgiveness of enemies. At last, moved perhaps by the impulse of youth to forget present sorrow in the pursuit of the strange and mvaterious, I decided to go, and falling asleep, dreamed my uncle was a second sultan Shahriar, and myself another Seheherezade. It took me but little time to make my prépara' tions. What I wished to take with' me was soon packed, and the test easily disposed of, and having despatched an epistle stating my acceptance of the .. invitation, and also wheal might be expected toar* tretched from one door-post to the other, and was eeured with spikes. I had but time to take this In, before the corner f the house was turned, and we drew up, with ome flourish, at * few broad Bteps, while in the pen doorway stood a white-aproned, middle-aged oman to welcome me, evidently tbe housekeeper, rs Farnaby. ' Something in her strong, kindly face rew me to her at once ; she seemed like a woman o be trusted, and the tone of her voice, as she spoke, onfirmed my opinion. 11 am glad to see you, Miss Hurlburt. Are yon lone?" And then observing my black dress and onnet, her look changed to one of tender sympathy, s she went.on without waiting for my reply, Poor child, you must be tired and chilled, so come n as quickly as possible ; your room and a fire are aiting for you." After giving a few brief orders, she led the way to my apartment, where she left me, saying my uncle would not expect to see me until teatime. I now had some little opportunity, after removing my wraps, to look about me. The room was of ncient fashion, with scanty furnitursio match, but verything was comfortable and convenient, and I had .no reason to be dissatisfied. •. Approaching the window to learn something of: tihë outlook, I wàs pleased-to find! bad been placed in an angle of the building, and my windows faced in two directions.. Beneath one, a few Tode awaj, a clump of venerable willows stretched their leafless branches, promising a cool retreat in the heat of the summer, and trom them the bank sloped^ to the bardera of the brook now lying silent in its icy bed. The other window looked out npon an ancient orchard, evidently the o'.d^st thing about the-place, for the trees were bent anJ gnarled, covered with moss, with here and there a yawning cavity where a limb had looped or fallen away. While I stood gazing out, a knock at the door heralded Mrs Farnaby, " Thé view is rather a dreary one, is it not, Miss Hurlburt ?" said she, coming forward ; " but the summer will show a different picture, especially as far ae tie brook and willows are concerned. The orchard lam very desirous to have removed, but Mr Hurlburt utterly refuses ; shall we go down ? Tea is waiting." I followed in another direction from that by which I had reached my room, aad descending a long, broad fight of stairs, passed through a hall full of shadows and echoes to a low, brown- ceiled room, with a well-covered table in the centre, and lighted and warmed by a dickering fire. A high, straight-backed chair was before the blaze, and Mrs Farnaby had me nearly in front of it before I could see the occupant, who stared vacantly into the fire until the housekeeper broke the re'very, by saying : " Here is your niece, Mr Hurlburt." I saw before me a tall, thin old man, with white hair and trembling hards, who slowly lifted to my face a pair of eyes that did not meet my gaz3, but looked through and beyond me. It was a glance that made me feel very uncomfortable, and 1 hastened to speak. "l ata glad to see you, Uncle E:cbard, Are you feeling well to-night?" There was at first no answer ; the eyes sought the fire again, and the whole figure seemed to shrink into the recces£s of the great cbair. Then the old man, putting out one hand to me, said slowly : " Mehitabe 1 ?" " Yes, uncle,'-" I said, sadly, 41 1 have my mother's name." "Grandmother's," said the slow voice; "but there ought to be three." " I am alone in the world now, uncle," I said ; " my father died years ago, and my mother only last week, before your letter came, hut I know she would have been grateful for your kindness, as I " No, no 1" the voice was a whisper now ; " only one left? There ought to be three—there ought to be three." Mrs Farnaby drew me gently away. " Sour uncle is very old, and his mind wanders," she said, V I think, most of the time, be but dimly lîiiâëiEt^^^^J^ïmS ^Jiim, The season afftâbljffi j^^t^ jm^llS^ fai^itlns rest was much disturbsâ, BO to-day he is l&s; himself than usual ; to-morrow, perhaps, he will be able to talk with yon." Meanwhile she had seated me at the table, filled my cup, and stepping to what seemed to be an outer dooï, rung a small bell, the tones of which were echoed by the sound of Ecraping boots, with pre S3ntly the appearance of the tardy members of the family—one being the boy, my charioteer of the afternoon; the other, -Tohn, my sometime loi'er, whom I hai dismissed because he did nut consider himself too good tor a gentleman's servant. I have woudcred since how I managed to get through the meal. There was a calling over of names, of course, and we nodded as coolly as pos. sible, though my face burned, and 1 begged leave to change my seat, and sit with my back to the lire, as I was not accustomed to the flickering light. After tea tne time passed heavily ; my old uncle was assisted back to bis room by John and Mrs Farnaby, and afterward Joseph solaced himself with a nap, John busied himself wiih some papers in another part of the room, and the housekeeper endeavored to entertain me as best she could, until mv suppressed yawns made her take pity on my weariness, and iig'ut ms again to my room. As he turned to go out, after seeing that everything was done for my comfort, she remarked : " If you should waken in the night and hear any unusual noises, Miss Hurlburt, lei me explain beforehand that this part of the house is alive with rats and mice, and tbe wind plays strange tricks round the angles of this northwest window ; there IB no thing else alarming," I laughed and bade her good-night, saying, the only ghosts I feared were those of a guilty con science ; and, fastening the door, sought my pillow. As the first heavy si umbers of weariness lightened into easier rest, strange visions, though they seemed more like waking dreams, began to haunt me. ft seemed as if summer had come, and John and I, happily recpnciled, were walking among the willows and across the brook to the orchard below. The air was sultry, and the light slanted heavily through the apple-boughs, and we turned again to the brook tor "coolness. We had been talking of many things ; our estrangement seemed to be all forgotten, and we were forming bright plans for the fnture. But as we passed along through the willowsL the atmosphere, which had hitherto bseu close and hazy, seemed to thicken and grow gray, wit,h dense, dark mist, and we became separated, to my alarm and terror; 1 groped my way blindly about for my companion, but he was not to be found. Falling limns and fragments of rock and knots of tangled grass checked my every step, but I struggled on! occasionally frantically calling out for my lover, when a shadow seemed to loom through the mist, which 1 felt, with a thrill of relief, must he him I . gîorwàrd, and calling ou this name, the heavy air seemed to divide, and showed me, not the ~ longedrfbr countenance, but, instead,'that of my uncle, with the strange, far-away look I could not understand ; and, as I gazed, the expression sud denly changed to one of mocking, malignant de' light, while the lips seemed to utter my name, ••Mehitabel." Then a low, dull echo took up and prolonged thé word, particularly dwelling on the last syllable,shrilling louder and louder, until to my shuddering eats the word seemed to be,"Hell" hell 1" With a frantic effort to shut my ears against the demoniac sounds, I awoke trembling and perspiring, aad for some minutes could not collect my scattered senses. Had I really dreamed those borrible cries, or were they in reality echoing through the long, vacant passage way There appeared to be a sort of moan or wail outside my door. I held my breath and listened, until it seemed as though I should suffocate/ but alT was «till, and endeavoring to compose myself with all the comforting reflections which occurred to me, tried to woo again the drowsy god, but in -vain ; I alternately dozed and watched until the tardy daybreak. I was dp early and downstairs, but, nevertheless, I breakfasted alone - with 'th& housekeeper. My ancle wonld not rise till noon, and John and his assistant were busy out-of-doors. I helped her with the breakfast-dishes, ând varions little matters about tbe bouse, assuring herl was not to be con* sidered as an idle dependent on my uncle's bounty, but wisbed to take my share of the burdens and cares like onè ot the family. laioughBheiaid little I knew she was pleased, So the day paBBed ; my nncle was too feeble and wandering to comprehend much, beyond bis own flomfort^andao I kept out of his range of vision, I saw John at dinner and supper, but nothing passed between ussavebread-and-Baltcivilities. He evidœHy-thEw bis proper position in regard to hi» T^pi&erVniece;, and ! was too proud to makë the jp® 1 » «®Bt. byrand «pring came on ifiipi^^U^ia. his. coming with de%ht,for somegmÉM^^tlimeliangtosàVity^niniy . éndjt »loredthe r h f a a S c b a s H c r f d h v s f f k s t w o c w M a d b T k a o s The attics were a storehouse of all sorts of antîq ue elics in various stages of decay. There was an old arpischord which bore abiut it faint tracts of ormer beauty, but the strings had all been divided, s if by a blow from some sharp, heavy instrument, nd it stood on its trembling legs, a pitiful thing. everal old portraits were tucked away in the gable orners, but were so cracked and mildewed as to be eyond my recognition. At last I fonnd what was of more interest tome, box of books, in tarnished covers, mostly of that chool of literature in fashion in the last century. owever, 1-picked out what suited me best, and arried the volumes to" my room. BJow the attics, in the story where my own oom was situated, I became rather bewildered at iret, with the many passages, doors opening in all irections, and the numerous rocms. The original ouse appEared to-have been a small, square one, but arious wings and additions had been made, and everal staircases,BO that once or twice during the irst week after my arrival I had missed my way, ound myself in the cheese room instead of the itchen, and once opened a dark, unused chamber, melling of mould and damp. Mine seemed to be the only inhabitable room in he second story of that wing. The door next mine as locked,- sndihe key was gone, the second nailed p, «ad another dooti which I opined with diffiulty, showed mé a yawning abyss of darkness into hich Î had very nearly stepped. I inquired of rs JTarnaby what the meaning was of so unsafe an rrangement. " There was formerly a staircase there," she said. It was gone before 1 came here. At the foot is a oor whioh leads to the willow copse and the rook. We can also get to the orchard that way. here is a little passage-way leading to it from the itchen, and in the warm weather, when doors re open throueh, you will see then how it is laid ut." " . This was satisfaction enough, so I investigated no more, but devoted my attention to my uncle, who eemed to (revive with the premonition of renewed life in nature. He inquired of me about myself, my parents, my home- life, seemingly desirious to learn every little particular. At other times he wished me to read to him the daily journals! all reports regarding money and stocks, the price of merchandise, the foreign markets, everything comprised in the meagre bulletins of the day ; and when weary of these he had a small volume of Rochefoucauld,, which seemed always new, several, also, of Voltaire and Rousseau. The class of literature was very distasteful to me, and I would have much preferred Shakespeare or the Bible ; but at the first hint of such a thing I received so stern and abrupt an injunction to Bilcnce that I obeyed. All this time John and I had conducted ourselves with the utmost indifference and coldness. Sometimes I scarcely troubled myself to speak, though my conscience reproached me with the thought that I, a mere dependent on the liberality of another, was not so worthy as one who earned his bread by honorable service, but my price was stubborn and wouid not yield. One day I had been through the old barn looking for eggs. I h»d taken this office upon myself partly for pleasure, partly to favor Mrs Farnaby, who did not always care to trust to Joseph's memory, 1 had been through the scaffolds, and having filled mv basket, prepared to descend the Bhort ladder which led to the floor, Whsn within three rungs of the bottom, ray foot unaccountably slipped or turned, and I fell in aheap to the ground, my basket fortunately uppermost. A sense of blindness and sufijeation with sharp pain overpowered me, and I knew no more until a dash of cold water in my facc restored me to a knowledge of pain in evtry limb, and that some one held me in his arms, throwing water upon mc. I feebly endeavored to sit up, and draw myself away, but increase of pain and faintness compelled me to desist. I beg your pardon for vexing you by being too officious," said a voice I knew too well, " but you slipped just as I was about to go through the stable, and in common humanity 1 could not leave jou without trying to give you some assistance. If youieel better I will go now." £jagàm%Uemj>tcd*orise, butin vain ; the dizziness returned, arid 1 wàS fain i.o ssbmit-myçelf to the supporting arms that held mc sa gently and firmly. In a short time I so far recovered myself that I was able with John's assistance to walk slowly through the barn in an effort to reach the house. Tuere bad betn silence between us ; but thought on my part had been busy, and pride and pain were blotted out in the old'delight of companionship, and ths pleasant, familiar voice and tone I had been so' Ions a stranger to. Wbon we reached the porch, John stopped as though he would leave met j go in alone. I will call Mrs Farnaby to you," he eaid. «« She is over yonder. And in future are all things to go on as they have done, or shall we mutually forgive and forget and be friends again 1 " Twenty-four hours before I should have turned and left him, but now 1 sank down on the bench which ran along one side of tbe doorway, and very foolishly began to cry. » Poor child," he said, " you have been sadly tried the last year. I should have remembered it, and borne with you more patiently. But let all be forgotten now ; " we are friends again, are we not?" he asked tendeily. Unable to answer, I nodded silently, and I heard him going for the housekeeper. Presently thai good woman appeared, full of sympathy and remedies for sprains and bruises, and, after some amateur medical prescriptions, banished me to my chamber and to bed. I lay awake for some time, thinking too busily for sleep to come, put finally at dusk 1 lost myself and must have slept long and soundly, for when I opened my eyes I saw through the window the stare above the dense mass of foliage, but consciousness had come so suddenly that 1 had hardly time to be aware of anything except a sharp, shrill cry, as of something in distress, that came echoing along the empty passages. My heart almost ceased to beat. There was something s J weird and piercing in tue tone, that one of the hardiest nerve might have paused. It seemed to me, as I lay waiting breathlessly for a repetition of the cry, that somewhere, sometime in my life, I had heard it before. And then in a flash of light, my first night's dream came back to me, and with it the memory of Joseph's communication concerning my uncle's nightmare. Believed by the thought, I was aoout to rise, judging that possibly I might be of use. when a tap came at the door. It was Mrs Farnaby. «• I did not know if you were awake, 1 ' she said, " bat thinking you might be, came to ask you not to ba alarmed at any sound you may hear durisg the night. Your uncle has been taken violently ill, and I have sent for the physician. He is now somewhat relieved ; but lie has been ailing all day, and I thought it would be best to call in medical « is my uncle subject to these attacks ?" I inquired. ; «Of late, years, yes/' 6he answered. V And I #^^Mv^tnfent!ohea itito yon y«terdaj,>ut for your o*n mishap. " But now* good-night, and try :tro sleep again." She placed a lighted lamp on my table, and went away. But now, being thoroughly awake, I could do nothing bnt lie t sere and form all sorts of curious fancies concerning the strange old bouse' of whioh I was an inmate, and concerning its aged owner, whose dreams were disturbed by some horrible shape ; and I thougat out a whole long catechism for the housekeeper, when she should make the promised explanation the following morrow. I resolved to find out why the rooms next to mine were fastened; the history of the mutilated harpsichord in the attic; whose the «Id portraits were ; and what was the name which had been so carefully erased from the covers and fly-leaves of the old books I had brought from the same place.; and, if I dared, should she prove communicative on these points, I wonld ask the meaning of the bar across the front door, and why the whole front entrance was closed, Whilededding these things, in spite of the lighted lamp and my resolution, I fell asleep again, and did not waken until broad daylight. I arose, dressed and went downstairs, but was disappointed in my hopes «used the night before, for, though the faonsekeeper was kindly social as usual, I found it impossible to leam, with all my careful questions, more than that, after any event of fatigue or excitement, or a sudden shock, my nncle was subject to.-fits of nervous, fright, and terror, when he imagined he saw the forms of members of MB family,, who menaced -him. with curses and maledietions: These fits left him very Weak, and he was dayB and sometimes months recovering from them. He was in such n state at the time of my arrival, which acconnted for my strange reception. She thought the illness then might have been brought on by the effort of writing to my mother ; but what was the t»use of his seisure of the night before she cotddnoteay. Wfaetber be really saw wbat he described she greatlydoubted. Hi8age,and the'weakne8Bof body jmturaUy rraidtiiig from gréais of toil and family ^e&wd;^^scwtmfed formheh; aàâ whatever iftrald not «tteinj: tdthe subject, al&i; i Willi Mm in I wàB foiled again, tn-i iny curiosity becama stronger than cv-jr. Was I ntvtr to icatn the bisrory of this Hurlburt ektktou, tbat .luiktd behind cîoaed aadbarrcà dooisand windows, çihbcreà by night from my uncle's room, and lay concealed behind the mouldy po! traite in the attic? _ Hcwgvtr, all I could do was abide tuy time, and I was able to do this with xncre patience, now that John aad I were friends again. ' Then, too, I could be more in the open air, and 1 found the willow-copse to ben meat delightful nook, where I spent many hours, sewing, reading or dreaming, ns the case might be. Frequently, toward sunset, when the many little matters needing attention about the house and barn liad been attended to, John and I, sitting by the side of tbe little rivulet, or skirting tbe orcharu, talked of a time in the distant future when, in a little home of our own, bound by no duties but those of mutual afiection, we would strive onward in life together. I had long before told Mrs Farnaby of the relations between os. She had made but brief reply in her kindly way, advising me to let my uncle know ss little as possible, either by word or deed ; for it might be, that, in his feeble, childish state, that such an arrangement might be displeasing and irritating. , . > . . Consequently we were yery ^circumspect ; -#ords rarely, passed between ve witbin doors, and, when we met or separated, we endeavored to hate it ont of 6ight of the living rôoîus of the house. Yet sometimes I felt almost certain ' that my ancle had a suspicion of the truth; for, although he eaid no. thing, I found that he watched ns keenly at times. " " ; The books I had brought from the attic became a source of great entertainment to me. Queer, tedious, yet delightful old novels, sentimental poems, and volumes of biography, quaint and egotistical. I enjoyed taking them to some retired nook out of doors, and there poring over them at my leisure, I was in my usual seat ou the roots of one of tbe willows at the brooTc-side on a sultry afternoon in the dog days. The little stream, dwindled to onetialE its usual flow, its surface specked bete and there by willow leaves, gurgled lazily among the 6tones, and I could hear the haymakers in the south meadow calling to one another aB they loaded up the hay. My book that afternoon, was a compilation of legends and myths, mostly Norse and German tales. And, in spite of the glittering sunlight and the blithe sounds in the air, I felt an uncanny sensation stealing over me, and instead of reading I fell to gazing into tbp water and studying tbe cover of tbe book I had suffered to fall into my lap. It had been once ornamented with gilding, but now was so changcd and tarnished by time, damn, and evident ill usage, that it would have been hard to ] tell what its original color or design had been. A ! -name had apparently been stamped across the j covcr, but it was so blurred and erased that it was with difficulty that I could make out what seemed ; to be the initial letter M. I sat looking at it until the dim scrawls blended ! together in an indistinguishable mass, which suddenly seemed to take life, and rising under my j hands, make a rapid spring into the brjok, where it j lay with the water rippling over Its covers. Roused by the splash,'and the sensation, that I was not alone, I became aware of a trembling, claw-like band withdrawing over my shoulder. Springing up, and turning to see who my unusual visitor might be, I saw to my surprise and alarm that it was my unole, looking as usual above and beyond mc, his withered frame trembling with strange emotion," his lips muttering soundless words. Bewildered, frightened, and a little indignant, I did not speak at first, and, so gave him opportunity to collect his feeble faculties and demand harshly what I was doing there. " Reading and enjoying the day, uncle," I answered. A bitter smile played over the wrinkled old face. " What have you to-do with enjoyment? Eating the bread of dependence, filling the place of another of your faithless sex, working ruin to my house 1" he exclaimed, in an angry excited manner. . i do notino.w what you mean by faithlessness and ruin, nncle," i answered ; * < Bnd by yonr own invitation I have broken bread at your table the past months. But I will go to-morrow. My father and mother never asked or received help from you, and I do not wish it for myself. I am quite able to earn my own living." Something in my tone or words had the same effect I had noticed the first night of my arrival. A sort of shrinking and coweriug—a putting out a trembling hand, as if to ward off some unseen shape—aud turning, he grasped bis stick and hastened toward the house as rapidly as bis tottering limbs would permit, muttering to himself as before: I followed at a distance, greatly wondering what would be the explanation of all this. He crept slowly along toward the house, but not to the back porch as I expected. He seemed to be-following something like a footpath through the grass to that sart of the house in which my room was situated. Reaching it, he climbed {hé decaying steps leading to the door which I bad often observed and judged ' to be the one conneoted with the unused passage of which Mrs Farnaby had told me, and, after fumbling a moment with the rusty latch, the door opened. He entered and closed it behind him. 1 went to the housekeeper's room, fully determined to know tbe meaning of what had occurred, and let no feelings of delicacy stand in the way of an explanation. She was in her usual sanotum on the 6ame floor and not . far removed from my uncle's room, the door of which I could see wat closed. She listened to my story without a word, lookinj calmly out' of the window until I had finished. Only once her look changed. When I mentioned the episode of the book her eyes looked into mina with a-single keen glance, but were in an instant withdrawn. At the conclusion she still an&weied; nothing. «'Mrs Farnaby," I exclaimed, somewhat impatiently, "I hâve lived here under my uncle's toof six months, but it will be impossible for me to remain here any longer unless some part of this intolerable mystery is cleared up. It haunts me at every turn ; in my room, iu the orchard, under the willows, by day and night. I feel as if I must hear voices, or see unlawful visions. Why is my uncle as he is J What iB the meaning of these closed, unoccupied rooms? Whose was the harpischord I found in the attic, and the books, the sight of which puts my uncle into such a passion?" »« Hush 1" she said, rising and closing the door as if we might be overheard. " There are things iu this house that I cannot explain. They happened before my time, and I know them only as 1 have been told. More tban half a century ago, a young girl, a distant relative of your uncle, came here for a home, as you have done. After a time she went away, and that was the last known of her. But it was said your uncle loved her, and was rejected for someone else. The harpischord and the books were hers,and her room wassin the wing near yours. The staircase there was.^S&jThBr;ê..^ Since that, time your lincle bas been wiffltryou see. ,The ho&se; waâ closed when she left it, and when 1 came here, 35 years ago, it was as it is now. Why seek to inquire into these things so- long past Ï Believe me, child, I have lived long enough in this" wcrla to let -the dead pas» bury its dead. I can see that your nncle fails daily- This of which you have told me will weaken him greatly,and perhaps bring on an attack of illness. Bear with bis unaccountable freaks. He is old and childish, and you are bis only near relative and will probably be his heiress." •'I do not want his money if it bas been gained by fraud, or was the fruit of some crime which baunts him so fearfully in bis old age," I replied quickly. She gave me another keen glance. " You could not judge from experience of such a crime," she Baid, "Did your father and mother ever speakof your nncle?" " Never willingly," I answered. " There seemed to be some reason why they reckoned him anything but a friend." Bhc was silent for a moment or two, then rose slowly. " Every thing'that is right for you to know you will learn soon enough," she said. " Sometimes ignorance is happiness, and it is best for us that fie grave should cover the mistakes and wrangles of our friënâs and kin before our knowledge of them weakens our aSection.^ Try and forget what has happened this a.Eterpaj3n. ^It will- hardly cccur again. And let" me aavisëyou to. put-back the «Id .books in the attic where you. found, them. You fci.y take from my shelves whenever you wish reading matter." I thanked her, and we left the room together, sbfij;6 prepare for tea, Bnd I to go to my own room to-Jollow ber suggestion regarding the books. But when I entered it, after putting in order some trifieB lying about, andFturned to tbe stand in tbe corner to gather np the volumes, they were-gone. Not one remained. * , Tevwas a Bilent meal that night, I disregarded all John's hints to meet blin in tbe orchard, nor did I wait for many words after tea was over and Mrs âd down.1 wished to get away to my own saioid ; jjrrasos^^i^lià 