The Benefit Concert By Our Special. The benefit concert in aid of Mrs. Charles Bunyan of Emu Plains, was held in the Temperance Hall, on Wednesday evening Inst, and to say that the entertainment provided by the Penrith Minstrel Troupe was first-class in its particular line - though some of the items were rather ancient - will not be awarding praise where it is unmerited. The atten dance was very good, and a large sum should be raised, showing that the Penrith people are willing at all times to extend a helping hand to those left destitute in other towns. Credit is due to Alderman A. Reid, who seems to be always in the front in matters of this kind-and the others who contributed towards bringing the entertainment to such a success ful issue. The Druids band composed the orchestra and Mr. Joseph Hill acted as accompanist to nearly every item. The larrikinism which has of late ex hibited itself in entertainments in this district, showed signs of dying out, and was noticeably absent on this occasion, though whistling now and again when an encore was demanded could be done away with without greatly inconveniencing anybody. The orchestra having played a selection the programme was opened by Mr. Barnett, who sang "Break it gently to my mother" fairly well, and was fol lowed with "I'm such a simple young man" by Mr. Daniels, who sang really well and acted the simple young man to perfection, responding to an encore by singing the last verse. Master Heavy then played "Home sweet home" very well for a junior, though the violin was a little squeaky, and Mr. Slaughter sang his old favorite "Hootity-toot" in his usual good style, responding to an encore by singing 'Tom, you are a father." Mr. Hood sang a ballad entitled "Always be obliging" responding to an encore with "0 Harry where are you going on Sunday?" The club exercise was then per formed by Mr. Sid Summers in a very graceful manner, and Mr. W. Neale sang the pathetic song "The Portrait of my wife," for which he was well applauded. Mr. G. Kay was also applauded for his clog dance, and was followed by Mr. Hood, who sang "I'm looking for the owner" which was well received. Mr. Dargin then secured the great est success of the first part of the programme by singing "The Romany Lass," responding to a well-deserved encore with "Two Jolly Sailors." The first part concluded with the farce entitled "The ghost in a pawn shop," which produced no end of mirth. All the characters were well taken, Messrs. Reid and Summons especially distinguish ing themselves, provoking roars of laughter, Messrs. Buttsworth and Daniels also acting their parts well. During the interval of ten minutes Mr. A. Reid delivered a short speech, thank ing the audience for their support and the Druid's Band for their services, also the sons of Temperance in allowing the use of the hall free for rehearsals and the concert. After the play ing of a selection by the orchestra, the second part opened with the favorite ballad, "When the dew is on the roses " by Mr. Daniels, who sang really well, and received a good round of applause. "Emiscarthy'' by Mr. P. Smith was well received responding to an encore by singing "Mrs. Murphy's Own." Master E. White received a well- merited round of applause by playing the violin solo, "Home, Sweet Home," and wns followed by Mr. Slaughter, who sang "Comrades" in a good voice and fine expression, for which he was well applanded. "Marguerite" by Mr. Barnett was very well received, and Mr. W. Neale received an encore for "Old Ireland" which was well deserved. "The Sailor's Life" by Mr. Dargin was the best song of the evening, receiving a round of applause, and was compeiled to respond, and an encore by repeating the last verse, Mr. Hood then sang "Flannigan's row" for which he received an encore, and was succeeded by the farce entitled "The Dramatic Agency Office." The various parts were well chosen, Messrs. Slaughter and Reid being especially commendable, Messrs. Daniels, Smith, Buttsworth and J. Hill also performing their pieces with credit, provoking roars of laughter, and every body went home in the best possible humour, being comforted by the knowledge of having done a charitable action and spent an enjoyable evening. 