"HOW SHALL WE DECIDE THIS QUESTION?" There are lots of people on the one Bide or the other of thiB question. When "good digestion waits on appetite and health on both," that is the ideal attitude of a person towards hiB meals. But most of us are not blessed in that way; we either have too much food without an appetite, or a vigorous appetite without enough to Batiafy it. Differ ent folk will answer this question differently, yet the common sense of it is that, within reasonable limits, it is better to have an appetite without a dinner, because, short o! the starvation line, a hungry man is a healthy man ; whereaB a man who ought to eat and doesn't feel like eating, stands in need of " alterations and repairs." To illustrate. We recently receivaed communication in which the writer says, 411 was afraid to eat." Did he fancy his food was poisoned, or did his nature rebel against the nourishment lived on? If the latter, why ? Let him clear the mystery himself. He says-" In the year 1889 I changed my work from railway porter to signalman. I had been signalman twelve months, and then all at once, so to speak, I did not feel myself. My mouth tasted bad, so that ordinary articles of diet seemed to lose their flavour j the palate, to put it in that way, appeared to have nothing to say to them. One thing was like another, and none was gocd. My tongue was coated and furred, with a dark line down the middle and yellow fur round it. My breath was offensive and my appetite poor, with pains through the chest and shoulders, which were alwayB right before I had eaten anything. Then I was greatly troubled with wind. It would gather so it felt like a ball in my throat, and act as if it would choke me." We cannot wonder that under these cir. cumstanceB our friend failed to do justice to his meals. He adds that there was what he calls "a pricking sensation" at bis heart, is though it were touched with some sharp instrument. Then, again, at times he was attacked with spasms, the agony of which was so severe that the sweat rolled off him. " I dreaded," he Bays," the thought of eating, and many a scanty meal have I made, for I was afraid o eat. ^ "After a time I got into a low, weak, nervous condition, and felt miserable, as if something was going to happen, and this caused me to lose a good deal of sleep." What he means by the fear of " something going to happen " is, of course, the foar of some calamity, such as the loss of his position, his own death, or the death of somebody dear to him. This was due, as be intimates, to the impoverished state of his blood (the life bearer), his unstrung nerves, and to the brain enfeebled by lack of nourishment. The night of this form of illness is always full of ghosts and goblins, the creatures of a restless and ungoverned imagination. " With great difficulty," he says, " I stuck to my work, for I had a wife and family de pending on me. So I struggled on, but what I suffered for over two years is past my powers of description, 1 am sure no one suffered so much as 1 have dme.'' In the latter statement be is undoubtedly wrong. One's own puin is one's own, and is always harder to bear than one's notion of his neighbor's pain. There is a couatlcss mul titude who are all the while going through the same experience, only we don't happen to come in touch with them. Well, the writer finally mentions tbat after all medical treatment had left him where it found him he chanced to read in a book of a case exactly like his own having been cured by Mother Seigel's Syrup. " My wife," he says, got me a bottle at Dir. Lang staff's, in Woodlesford, and after using its contents the ailment left me and has never returned since that fortunate day. I should like the whole world to know what it did for me. I have been employed by the Midland Railway Company for eleven years. (signed; 1 GEOEQE HUNT, " Car Bottom Road, " Apperley Bridge, near Leeds." We publish this by Mr. Hunt's desire, in order that part of the world at least may know how thankfal he is and for what rea son. A curious question baa been raised in France. It is whether the first Napoleon suffered from a cutaneous disease popularly known as " the Scotch fiddle." Such, it appears, really was the case. He caught it during the siege of Toulon $ and finding that he was becoming emaciated without know* ing why, he consulted his mother, who called in Dr. Corvieart. That practi* tioner cured his patient of the malady, and thus obtained his confidence and gratitude, BO that he became henceforth his favourite medical adviser. And Corvisart was so warmly attached to to the Emperor that when he heard of his disaster in 1814 he was struck down with a fit of apoplexy. Playgoers in Mexico like to take their theatrical entertainments in small doses. The patronB of the drama pay for one act at a time. If they don't like the piece, they leave the theatre at the end of the first act; or if they ap prove of it in moderation, they will come in for the second act on the following evening. Should they remain after seeing one act, a further instal ment is demanded of them by collectors sent round for that purpose. Herr Most, who was for many years one of the most prominent and violent members of the socialist party in New York, has renounced bis old opinioos and joined the Salvation Army. He now aaserts tbat the principles for which he formerly combated are " pure humbug." WOLFE'S SOUSAH'S, certified by (be medical profession as the purest spirit obtainable. There is no calculating what the human frame can bear fortified by the celebrated WOMB'S ScunArps. 