CITAPTEI TX. October hdll come. It? was autumn's reign. The loeves of the trees were richly coloured with deep and varied hues... The landscapo lay enveloped ioriniltg and event ing in fog and mist, and the nights brought with thein the hoar-frott; but the diays, foir the most part, were sunny and delightful. Since the gay evening on which the wholo country roundlhad a;senmbled, there had been no special festivities -at ..Furstenstein ; all interest had centred in the hunt, whliclh tis, of course, of paraluotint impoitaiC.O to ? ?le men. . - I . Thto dukeo, at. hi.s wifi's instance, f(1ieilledi to havo no other great or noisy elitrtatii mient at the castle. , 'ValImuodeit witas still kint Beirli'i though over two weeks hadl elapsed since ho left the castle; and he hInd net yetb booei?ble to wh'itie detinitely as to his retur,. One of the ilost frequent guests at Fur-? stenstoin wais Princo Egon Adolsberg, whd was an acknowledged favourite ltmo1ln his princely ki?sfolk, and- his friend Itjtanow was always included in the invitations sentº to IlodEck. The prince's prophesies had proven tre; a?ll rti??ut had descended upon tlhain like a brilliant motoor. All eyeswe?eo turnod upon him with atdmiratien ant twoVi doer, and it pleased his i?ow associates to have him nsor ablove the old fashionled lusages alld customs of tlºqir monotonous courb life. 1-He' had redul his 'Arivana ' to the dlchess at, her request, md' had scored a decided success. Thio duke had promised him that his drama should be brought out at the cour?. theatre, and the princess Sophio had madetl a point of taking the young matt under her wing. The princely household followed in the wake of their master, but willingly enough in this instance, for I-larttlmut won friends on all sides by his cordiality, good temper, and grace of ml'an r. . Thoe princo'a hunting waggon steeoohcfuro the castle of lRodeck. Tt' was early ih the day.iand the- faint lmist whiclh,yot, h g. over tihe hills concealed a bright ria,'ni suit. Egoti stopped out on the terrace dressed for the hunt, closely followed by-the old stehwrld .to 'whom heywas a i So you vant to see the hunt, too, do you 7' he asked. 'Of course, if there's any- I thing to see, Pot'ei~) S?iii'?el niu , My valet has asl?id4 gerisn ils 1... l.o? that matter I believe all tho .inntaitnntrs of thefot est Iistie"av rfe'i t@8 fd iihHiheis . whole families to go to the hunt.' 'Yes, your highness, they don't often have an opportunit) o sc : sht,) }ed Stadinger. *°* o:i tCo rit'sel"df 'take place .inour..wo od..; h r t's,5.1 pn cnough around here to be sure, but then you nevci~ asl any ladies to Itodeck, iap~ the hlaie-s-' :- * .. ' Arc' a, greaobore,' it terruljed the' jirince: 'Thl.bt's uy "opilion ; but what "are you prat inlg about 7 You are goener'lly dowin on womel, and- unless they are over eighty, don't watit to sec one of them' around the place. .Agro ou.going back t:r yo young and giddycll yl *- I9mcn t he court ladies, YQ ig1tpess,' said Staclinger impressively. ' The court ladies,' can honout e? 1 tlheir company for a wallk; butI-'ll'iiever invite any of them to any hunt of mirie, for I'm still a young bachelor.' . * Alnd why is it that your highness is still ia youngl bc-helor .' resp.one?d lti.?.oo?~l sarvat J,, re'provingly. f'/, ' ' Man alive;,Ido believeyou are,-tryig/to get nc mnarr iodh mylile old --likefl thlo of the world. o:: D on n s any t}ogx, time on me toi bvoiint manrr 1 - 'Your lnignes is ?w vrong rý'rmotstr?ti l oid Stadingor,: who altýayn gr? ?s the title once.; alteloast.in eveiy sen'fo !he thought if hiadlliav,.t. a'ed the prince a lecture every nowautd4then, ho must show hin some resp(ct, whili doig it, .and it.is, Uchit1tst;tim, too- for theto"martiage relation it a holy state in which It is well to livo ; your fathe,, blessed boh htsno y .llrt d-and 'Of course, and;rdso didtyduil?I ;You are the grtdanfather of that lovely girl Zena, whom you.sent;,away iii sucholt.bIttualgysseuastto: 13y. tlh?.:way, whoen-is Ztn'a'cOmning hbanuk 91 , 'Thi st warmd itipeio'eel'ft het';r it `h; < uostiol, ;ub et u'ettwd obdliti'Xelyto .l s thlle. •t l' er hlighnns,, ho duch,?.s, and Princess Soplhie, too very anxious to se1 yout nmarried. Your lighthiigs should thini tk ?i vo, over.' W all, 11 'li s nou h of your f ,atherly advice for-ona day. . rInd-ltt, Cl a so ugllS~of. Princess Sophie. l, ytheo.wvay, as you are going to lluhonck;t?,VWliet? the I:unt moots to.day, it's -very -possibleo-tlmnt- you-willbe scont and slpoken-o ot.tyt ptt of lcourt.' SVery pssbile, your thlghntess,' ,greed the steward colmucei tly ' Il tr (2rauV olton sh, recognisos moe as the oldes- servant of It princely hpo1sq.! ': . . ' Well, if the prthe .sh 1ili lufld '?ti'qu?le ly chance aboub' tthe snlctkd, ifutl 'lustlJP1f3pray whl~ieh I hrought with'tle from miy travels, you o.ptolL hot thmetn/gnging;g lilvtO1lthaflti sent. to one of tny otlig; castles.' ' That is moiutt all m1og9rss)ryi 4youtmrhllgh noss, oph the ste artd, Your grt?ciotts tunt liets obtained iltt ?iratimn a lout every 'Information Aboub what j Perhaps i u..yaqestioned. t e othepr. ao Y Lr? :s tentein. Princess Sophie was returning from YThe deuce she lid I' mu terec the prince, Yugcacedee1,l haveo nuneain s' I L Jong 14 , ice ave h keys and parrots at 'Rodec, and there has hl vevLtbenbaJsni kerasaouthecplaee ; saia serpent was-coming,t batt'itdied'dii the way, niullifth lojifpiiSs ,tstbro1c' lotsbf fT1 i fae `tieoy .were.shipped.at allNldlwitehhitel, thtldir palm.groves--so his.highnesS 'told'rfii5.IAh to tho tigers we .have two, but ..they art; stuffed, and we've only the skin of a lion in the large hall, so your grace can see that no liar m-will cowe fronr thein:;'" inir inlioit btliýT 'ivififit eT loybi e lheran tb u l at llI tgirls in the yegion et % B ' b ltT id,' and Sticlinger t?iorew hs hea?I hback `l?wdly,' all the wovmen at thtas.tle,.your,;g.gaco;e re engaged by me/ Theyfare alLindu,.trious and hone st; I hite" se titht ; :ibli l? highness ran Sh 1e~caaIl, of _thes, anl \- oBrTiRajt tv Ppu ut than the I" on so thie gtl(lernen n1lver paid but t .i y? ,n te.d'r, ik graco was n i4ind toin k leave cif vcnlryel 4I' ent ncl, Ic uld see that.' ' Andl l Ibo very. wll:;con tnton d to, sendl yout to the dovil?'ou olil :fool. i.'Toslpoil it walilwith-your- long. tongue,' exclaimed. the pr:illcP'furious noW. :. ,i i T sTlh6 olilmutna ; n whol thought he,lhad dine 1ovhrylthino for the best look do! dat?is.,young aiister in pirplexity. ''itutainly thtlie trutlth, your highness.' u' ut tLhrei'utl isugytgt bieispoken atall tiunes.' '.hhIaid npt know.' ,p,,: at. . ,Stndilgoer,,, youn.haveo,,..n .bit·i ,hiahit of. ans ivriback: y-o-uperhapsyou' also toll..the Ap'.inii As'tlt!Zunk had' beendini thI city ifor soveral weeks ?' " rit ,: 'Ycs;s'yodi'tlighjnlnds, slho irsked riio about ri nl`Siiifdtlifglite,; paiatibularly.' ,7,ic{i: )y a' LMVlhb's!d~Bt'.t6tfibler .ith; Stadinger' now 1' asked H?arltnut, who camov:tou i.nt; r,thlis i nomdliifliii'o attired for the day's sport, anld wh6i'li'tl"d'hghlt the lnst few words; i'Oh, ln's boen making a first.oia - il?l? hilniself, that's all,' exolaimlpd,tle,oxisporated ,unbeu. yl pa'om1.. T hav!o SPerhalp you believe it is I who havo beden 6" .r t, h p l . 9l ii t,? , ,,1. ", w ? w, il r V" k o,1 it'-you r , l i nas- ( a ? ini1htw?Wb.t!?_ !A ,'TAI,! IT , ,. You're anl oll. heat!,' cried' tho'a prince,. shirply?ý1ii A .tL .,. l' 1ieb,' i'plu. ooysb knows that, your high €Coe onbY Iilrtilll ,fLictre's iiothl?ngto ho gained fronm this 1id ghost o l`the Wool, said Egon, half angry, half laughing. ' First meli?(plA?des metiihall sorts-of embarrassments, and t'hen he defends himself by giving me a lecture.' SWitli that he went off with Rojanow to the effrriage. ;Stadinger remained standing in a?respectful attitude, for he never meant. ?disrespectdilat never occurred.. to him :to. yield an inch of ground ; that was for Prince Egon to do, but not for Peter Stadinger. MEa' , onsalmostofi, this opinion himself. nU related~ h'at had occurred to Hartmut as .they; dovo along, and with a comical despair e ii c' lu9e youw Rcan imuagine- what kind of receptioor that most wborslpful' auuit of dmine ti'll1 give ,i-p~?; She evidenitly suslpeted that Lv,antedli to kp hier atway f.o"rom Rodeck Now my morals are saved in her eyes,liut at the expense of my love, of truth. Hart. inut, you must do me a'favour; you .ust be m!yeightning .rod.. Expend all your.power fascination u pon.that? imperious ,kins ioman ofimine.. .lDodicateea poem toihie if necesar y, hut at least shield me from the ei{fil'fllcefitthlihs of her anger.'. " W-' Well,' Tshould have thought you :weather ?roof in- that. gparticular by now,' said lR ?°% sfiiilny: 'Ydd! iiust haveo had c Touse fo fdTgiveners "hef re this" for sicdli oenormities. The duchess and the other ladies will be on liorseback to day, will they :not?' " Certainly; they could seeo nothing from thle carripg{s. • ry the way, did you know .thiat Birau ,on \ Wallmoden :was an.accom plished horsewomnin 7T 0 I mtab he ;i y hIeforo yestm day returning from ai :tide with hier b rother-in-lai, the~ heid fj . ?ester.' S:;; ('To. be continued in oui wiut.)ý 