(Ehiitonff Column* i : ? LITTLE MR. QUIMBO. J!1 E. VINTON llLAKli. It was on a pleasant June morning that I rode out of the inn gates in Santa Garnova, a little, dirty Mexican town away down in south-western Texas. You needn't look on jo.ir maps for it—I never could find it on one yet, and you cannot. But of all the ill-conditioned towns I ever saw this ranks among the worst. WelL as I said, I rode out of the gateway of the inn on a .1 une morning. Not at all such an inn as you would imagine, but a plain, untidy, square, flat-roofed structure built of adobe's—a kind of sun-dried bricks. There vi as an archway leading to an ill-paved court, :.nd as 1 r jde out I gave Rangoon the rein. A. proud Li-id, two alert ears, a silky bright 1 ay coat, lent ewiii, restless feet, a frame of iron and muscles of steel—such was Rangoon. No one ever ruled him but I, and he scorned :ill laws but the law of love. If you own horses, boys, make them love you, and you have .standi friends—truer, sometimes, than h'.im.m ones—who will not tail you in time of r.etd. Rangoon loved me: he obeyed my \ oic-e or signal; I could guide him by word if Lecessary. He saved my life many times, and at last gave his own for mine. But of that I will not tell now. 1 lode, at full griliop down the dirty, narrow stieet. 1 was glad to see tiie last of the dingy houses, to leave the road, and to strike off on th- trail that led north-east across the jirairie. Many Kastern boys know nothing of the prairies—tho wide, L'rand, far-reaching, undulating lands that lie all through the south-west and west. Ah, that morning the world seemed as tresh and sweet as on the morning of the Citation. Tiie prairie was a mass of flowers— the air indescribably pure and exhilarating. The sun rose to meet me, slauting golden!v over the tops of the longs wells. Rangoon had bix-kled down to his day's work, going forward with the long, easy, loping gallop natural to him. 1 rode all the morning. The sun crept up and up the sky, aud at noon I camped uuv. n iu the timber by a swift, narrow creek fe.r dinner. I was iu a hurry that day. I wanted to be in Mendios by njon on the n.c rroiv : I had many a weary mile to get over, and expected the prairie to be my bedroom for the night. 1 liked company too well generally to travel alone, but I was taking a crosscut to mt et tho doctor, whom I expected to find at the inn in Mendios. Wei!, when the sun began to decline in the west, L was still in the saddle aud galloping on. to th#north-east as I had been all day. I was tiled; so was Rangoon. He slackened suddenly to a slow trot, threw up his head, and Einffed the air. Just then something singular happened. A child's cry, faint but clear, came to my ears. I declare to you a cold chill crept over me. Just consider. I v:as at least fifty milea from any human habitation, and I did not know what to make of it, Rangoon stopped short. That cry again! A long-drawn pitiful cry; it made my hair stand on end. I don't know whether I'thought it was a ghost, or what; but nothing ever moved me before or since as 1 was icoved at that moment. It was sunset, too, and the dusk of the evening was beginning to envelop all things. The wide, far-reaching piairie lay on all sides ; no human being was near; no emigrant wagon would pass this way, it seemed to me. The tall grass and flowers waved silently in the fresh wind. 1 tried to start Kangcon along. I said to myself, "It is a coyote or a prairie dog ;'*" but common sense . told me better. Suddenly Rangoon turned i chort round aud dashed off to the left. He ;COk the bit in his teeth, put down his head, | ;:Etl bolted. What under the sun possessed i him I could not tell. For about three 1 n.inutes he galloped like mad through the tall grass, and then brought up with a jerk. What did I see ? A little fellow about three jears old, standing in the tall grass which was i s high as his head. He had beaten it down all round him. A wee little man alone ou the It uely, darkening prairie, with none but God aud the angels to watch over and defend him. He looked up into my face with a pair of the brightest oyes lever saw. aud said, " WeU, Is dot most "tired out! I tought nobody v\ ouldn't never turn. You's been a most awful long time, Mr. Man !"' I never said a word. I couldn't: something choked me. 1 reached down, pulled the little fellow up, and set him in front of me. Then I reined Rangoon back to the trail I had left. "I dess I'm some t'irsty, Mr. Man," said the wee mite: and, still without a word, I gave him my canteen. "I dess I'm some hungry, too," he added; avil then, looking up m my face, he observed, "Has you lost your tongue, Mr. Jinn " No," said I; but I could hardly smile. Do any of you realize, as I realized then, the piobab'.e fate of this innocent child left alone on the wide prairie at nightfall ? j "How did you come here, child?"' said I. " " I's little Mr. Quimbo," he explained with • dignity. " I did turn in a big wagon wiz a white top, an' I tooked a walk, an' I went all aseepy, and zis morning de wagon was all j , 0 ^ ; i t "Who was in the wagon?" ; , • ] , j | " My papa '11* mama, course," he answered with complacency; "an' Sam; he's a black man. An' my Kitty, an" Bo Peep. He's a lamb. Bo Peep is." 1 ' " What's your papa's name ?'' " Papa's * honey'—zat what mama says." "Nothing else?"asked I. "Nufii' 't all. S'pose I don't know?" said the midget. "Where wore you going in the big wagon ?" Here little Mr. Quimbo was at fault. He said his papa was going to a big river, but he knew no uicie about the matter. Plainly there was nothing for it but to convey little Mr, t.'uin.bo to Mendios, where I niiftht pos.-ib!y obS-tin hiV.rniiUion of the uagon. 1 camped down win, lor it '.-/as toil late to search further ffir lim-i-'r, picket.;"! Rangoon near by, and rolled tho child and myf in the blanket. 1 dicn't sleep much, but the httlw fell.iw hardlv stin(-d all niylit. Toward inorniiift Itangoon siipjied his halter, and cameaiid lav down dot-fc t<> me, trading c.ircumspectly, for fear of hurtins me. After he laid himself down he stretched his long nwt over and sniffed at the child with an air of astonishment. •'Its all right, old fellow,' said T si'-pilv. " We'll take care of him, won't we, itaiie-oon!" . . . . . I dor.cd and waked t:ll the western sky tiiriled dm-ker blue, the east a lighter grey. The stars paled and went out. The east turned pink, then rosy ond goldoii streaks shot up. It was sunrise. A fresh wind blow across the flower prairie. j I rose; to did Rangoon. The child still slept. I 'was investigating the contents of iny j^uapjao^ and wondering whether it would pay to sto„ to si,oot and cook game, for J was in j when a shcut of laughter made me turn-' 'j'lle young scamp was hanging for dear life to -jjallgCon\s tail! Rangoon was amazed. lis gave a jump aud v,-hieh swung the child about like a feather; but the boy still laughed and would EOtletgo. "Bless" my soul, c'-jild ! The horse might ^ j-,fe OUJ cf yOU J cried, and sprung t0%he rescue. But Rangoon knew better, He stopped laid back his ears, and shook his ; head. 1 got the midget away, and gave him a i fatherly . ' 1 caution, * xhen breakfast, and a fresh start. Littlo • Mr. Quimbo chattered like a nv.iptpie. lint toward noon he grew sleepy, ana by the time I struck the broad, quiet street of Mcndios ho , was .In asleep ll.-lV . j/ in my "... arms. , . | The inn was quite imposing. Soma ot the • windows had balconies. It was built m a hollow square with a large paved court in the ! middle. There was a fountain in tho court. j You entered under a part of the house through ; aieuru arched jj^i.ifir, passage, and the ^— clang r. -- of Rangoon , s J j hoofs " on the * tiags ' opened wide little Jilr. Qunnbo's eyes. Out came the host with many low bows and Spanish compliments. Out also came a ragged old wemau, who said she would take my horse. •'Is sc-;:or the doctor here? I asked m Spanish. , Before hs eould answer the doctor s pirtly form, perspiring face, and jovial voice mado answer for themselves. "Ransom, my dear fellow, you've been forever and a day. Here I've spent two nights iu this wretched old place. But, my dear fellow, whose child is that ?'" . " I's my papa "n' mama's child," said dignified little Mr. Quimbo. " I picked him upon the prairie, doctor. Do you know anything of an emigrant wagon that has passed hereabout?" . "They're all over creation : you might as well search for a needle in a havstacl^" said the doctor philosophically. " Hold on, though. Seems as if there was one that went outof here early this morning." He enquired in Spanish of the attentive innkeeper. "Si, eefi'-res—and in it was the Seiior Hayes, liis wife, who seemed like one distraught, and a rascally negro. They go to Broad's ranch; it is not far from here, five miles down the San Saba." "I must go on down there at onee, old fellow," said I to the doctor. "I'll be back this afternoon." And down the narrow trail by tho San Saba I galloped at the top of Rangoon's speed, with little Mr. Quimbo on the pommel of the saddle. By-and-by we saw the ranch, on a knoll overlooking a bend of the stream. " Dere's zat wagon now," remarked little Mr. Quimbo. " I desa I t'ink it's pretty mean—goin' an' leavin 5 me. 'Mos' dot a ruin' i i.ot to speak to'em!" j A negro sat idly on the shafts; a Iamb was ! tied to one of the wagon wheels by a long 1 fin rope. The negro looked up_ we rode • through the gates, jumped several feet, and gave a shriek. "Oh, hi—;iar> dar he is ! Dar lie is now, dis yer minute! Oh, lors-a- massy, Mars' Hayes, whar is you, anyway ! Hi! Mars' Hayes ! come out liyar, quick, dis minute!" And he performed around Rangoon a wardance startling to behold. Two men rushed to the door as I ascended the steps, the child in my arms. " Stranger—God bless you !—where'd you come by that boy ? Tell me quick lie seized me and the child together. " Is he yours':" asked I. "He's my brother Abner's. Abner, c-cme here." the men called through tho house. Then to me—" Stranger, you never see such a time as we've had* here since Abner and his v. ite Come tie- moiniu'. She's nigh about crazy cause they lost the br.y on the prairie, an' she goes ou like a cre'tur' possessed. There now." There was a ru=h from an inner room—a cry —a sob—and little Mr. Quimbj v.-as snatched cut of my amis. When Mr. Hayes had set his wife and boy on the settle—for she nearly fainted away—he made a charge at me. Kverybody else mado a charge at the same lime. Two or three got hold of my hands at ouce. and they were nearly shaken off in the excitement aud gratitude of these good pc-ople. " Hold on—hold on." said I when I got my breath. " Its sll right, friends, but I am a lashful fellow, you see, aud this is all quite too much, you understand." In a" hearty laugh that followed the tears were wiped away, and tho men became com- JMK cd. I can assure you I didn't get away from Bread's ranch that afternoon, ani 1 left next day under strict promise to see them again whenever I came that way. —. St. A teko'vs. 