ON THE COSTUME OF HAMLET. \- — — luumt'tf MKF.Ki.y. At a moment whoa thu doatli of Mr. Law rence Barrett and tho retirement (only tem porary, it Is to bo hoped) of Mr. Edwin Booth 1ms left our stage with no notablo representa tive of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark, it may bo interesting to pass in brief review soino of tho suitHofnablo in whioh one Itoynl Dane after another has 44gono slow and utatoly by" from the firat day that tho 44gho«t walked" until now. In doing thin wo must boar in iniml that there is no correct costume for the part, and that therefore while euch of those represen tatives has been right, thoy have all likewise been wrong. If, m a gicat critic has said, j Hamlet is each one of us, wo ought not to quarrel if afn de siiclc pluyer chose to enact him in a full dress suit of modern cut, with a satin lined Inverness for tho Prince's 44iulcy cloak." Hardly any play of Shnktfpeare'H is so full of anachronismH as Humlet ; bo that cvon if we could date the action with any precision, it would bo abyurd to attempt any great historical accu racy in presenting it on tho stage. Still, before seeing how the Prince of Denmark has been attired from time to time, let uu try from tho few data at our com mand to picture hiin in his habit as he lived. Though there is no roauon for believing — nor for diphelioving if it comes to that— that Sbak- apearo was acquainted with the Historic, Danica oi Saxo Grammatticus circa a.d. 1180- 1208), it !s pretty certnin that he must have meant to present thu same story as that chronicler, brcausc in the tragedy England is spoken of as 44 his faithful tributary," and as smarting from the Danish wwunl. Now tho Danish power in Europo was at its zehith in the lOfch and early part of the llth century, Canute, »who reigned from 1017 to 1035 a.!)., being tho first and almost the 'only king who united tlio Crowns of Deumarlc and England on ono head. Wo know that never aiuce that date was Eugland tributary to any other country, Consequently tho latest period at which it would bo possible to fix the dato of the play is the llth century. Wo know but little of tho Daneab this opoch, but that littlo is .enough for our present purpose. In form their costumes did not differ in any important particular from those of tho nations by whom they wero surrounded, and upon whom thoy preyed— Franks and Anglo-Saxons ; but they seem to have indulged a singu larity of tasto iu the mattor of color. From various passages in chroniclo and ballad wo loam that black ' wab their customary wear, and it so remains to the present day among the Scandinavian peasantry. Carndoc of Llancarvati speaks of them constantly us tho 44 black Danes," and the chronicles allude to the 44 black army " whose devastations form so con stant a theme of their records. In tho Dnuish ballad of Child Dyring tlio hero rides to a wedding feast clad in 44 black sendal." M. Planciid suggests for the Danes n common origin with tiioe other Scythians whom Horo- dotus mentions as wearing only black, and to whom he therefore gives the name of McianchlflctriunH. Shakespeare oither was not awaro of or ohoso to ignore this fact, as ho did anothor which touohes the matter of Hamlot's 4 4 customary suit of solemn black " more nearly. Adam of Bremen, who lived about 1127 a.d., informs us that the Danes never mourned for the death of eyen thoir nearest and dearest rolntions ; bo that, to bo historically correct, Hamlet should woar the royal scarlet of the reigning house of Denmark. One ingenious commentator, who had achieved this lattor piece of information without the former, suggests that this is the cause of the Queen's remonstrance with her son in tho first net : 44 Good H&mlot;, oast thy nighted color off." P.y the time they had come to reign in England silk was undoubtedly a tnntorlal with which tho Danos were familiar. Tho sendal alluded to above was ccitainly n .silicon fab ric. Velvet, however, was not known in Eu ropo boforo the thirteenth contury, and even then may nob havo been tho material which now goes by that name. Furs, of course, wore used y a nation who inhabited auoli a severe climate. The first authenticated pictorial representa tion of a royal Daue with which I am acquain ted is a portrait of King Oanute in cho register of Hydu Abbey, which was written in Ills reign. In this picture, besides his crown, which may bo merely symbolical, though kings at th&tdate; most probably wore their crowns ovory day, Canute wenrs a tunic, a mantle tied witli jewollcd corda on the shoulder, breeches aud hose bound about his sliiiis and held by jewelled garters. Ilis tunio is embroidered at the neck and wrists, to which suoii adornment was not Always oonfined. This same monarch gave to the Abbey of Groyland a silken vestment em broidered with goldon eagles ; and whon his tomb in AVinohoster Cathedral was opened, about a century ago, bands of gold and silvor which had ornamented his apparol wore found within. Those and numerous other instances would givo liconco to tho representative of the 44 sweot prince " for almost any degree of magnificence, always provided thabhcesohuwedvolvoQof which, however, his 44 iuky cloak " is almost always made nowadays. The date of tho' first production of Hamlet is uncertain, but ft must have been about 1600, as tho pl&y; was ontered in. tho Stationers' Register in 1602, and the first quarto bears imprint 1603. There is no audi uncertainty concerning his first representative, who was, without any doubt, Richard Biubage (b. 1566, d. 1619), and whose physioal appearance is said to have beon the reason for 44 our son " being 44 fat and scant of breath "—a phrase which is repeated in an elegy on the death of the actor : No more young Uamlot, though but scant of breath, Shall cry " Revenge " for his dear father's death. Ills costume was assuredly that of his own duy, the sUgo of that ttinc being above such minoC' considerations as accuracy of costume. A portrait of him in tlio Dulwioh Gallery shows him bearded, as I have no doubt that Hamlet was in tho eyes of his creator's gen eration ; and I have selected tho costume of a noble of tho court of good Queen Boss, from tho celebrated . picture of hor progress to Blackfriars iu 1600. His successor was Joseph Taylor, who also was instructed by Sliakspoare, and who played the part until thu theatres were closed by tho Puritans in 1642, When they were reopened, after tho Restoration, Thomas Bctterton (born 1635, died 1710) was coachod in tho traditions of tho part by Sir William Davcnant, who hnd seen Taylor play it. Bctterton is said to have appeared as Hamlet when he was 26 yoars old, and Pepys mentions having seen him in tho character in 1661, in which year he would havo been that age. He continued to play it for 50 years, and won the plaudits of two generations of wits and scholars in it. At first ho wore the drees of a courtier of the Merry Monarch, and afterwards played it in a cocked hat, powdered wig and streaming shoul- dcr-knots ; so lie, like Burbage, would seem to havc jollowod tho constantly changing fashions of his long life. In the year iu which he first played Humlet, King Charles gave Betterton hi own coronation suit to play Prince AIvaio in Love and Honor ; so I have habitod tho Princo of Denmark in a court dress of tbe year 1660 without fear of anachronism. A portrait of Betterton as Hamlet in tho Garriok Club iu London shows him in a very clerical costume, with a formal neok cloth, but this must havo been toward the ond of his career. Betterton is dressed in a black velvet court suit of the period, the traditional stocking down, a full muslin neck cloth, atul & full bottomed powdered wig with loug curls. Tho next great Hamlet was David Gar- rick (b. 1716 ; d. 1779), An eye-witness de scribes his appearance thus : 44 Qamlot, who is in mourning, appears hero with thick loosened hair, some of it hanging ovor one shoulder, ho having already begun to play tho madman ; ono of his black stockings is half way down his log, showiug the white understocking, and a noose of red garter hangs down the middle of tho calf." Tha mourning appoara from his portrait to be a full court suit ot black velvet cut in the stylo of the middle of thecighteunth century. Johu Philip Komblc (b. 1757 ; d. 1823), who appeared in tho character for tho first timo iu 1783, is thus described by his biog- ralmer Boaden: 44 Ho wore a modern court dress of rich black velvet, a star on the breast, tho garter and pendent ribbon of nn order, mourning sword and buckles with deep ruffles ; the hair was in powder, which in the scenes of feigued distraction flowed dishevelled in front and over his shoulders." And again, 44 He wore au ele phant suspended by a blue ribbon and a modern star." Boadon laments that Kemblo should have committed the anachronism of a departure from the Vandyck costumo 44 uf black satiu and bugles," to whioh 44 we have for so many years been accustomed," on the ground, apparently, that tho ghost's armor is not out of keepingwith the period of Charles I. as it is with that of George III. Tho celebrated portrait of him by Mr. Thomas Lawrenco exhibits an entirely different costume, apparently of black satin, in whioh ho wears his own hair and no order of the Gartor, though the elephant on its blue ribbon is con spicuous, and the star no doubt is tbore lurking among thu folds of the 44 inky cloak." A pair of obvious patent leather pumps are the only relic ofthocouit dress mentioned hy Boaden. His brothor Stephen, tho celebrated Falstaff, who was so onormously stout that ho could play the 44 fat knignt" without any padding, apnea ts to havo thought the precedent of Burbage & size a good reason for following his footsteps in tho part of Hnmlot, which he played frequently in an old-fashioned black coat, brooches and vest, shoos with buckles, and a largo flowing auburn periwig, and would scorn to have been as unronmiitiu iu Ids playing as iu his appeur- unco. Hdmund Kean (b. 1787, d. 1833) and his great rival Junius Brutus Booth (b. 1790, d. 1852) decreed tlio melancholy Dime in a continuation of Elizabethan and Vandyck styles, which might perhaps lmvo satisfied Mr. Boaden. The deep lace collar and cull's, together with tho star on tlio short cloak, dato i'toui tho lattor period, while the doublet ami trunk hose and fashion of the hair, shorter than Charles 1. was accustomed, to wear it, suggest a dato some twoacore years carlior. Hitherto it will bo observed that liowover anachronistic may havo been Ids 44 customary quit of solemn black," the Frinoo hmi boon ".suited at all point» liko a mon." Vc nowJ come to a period of petticoat government, when, as 1n the first instance we give, the guiso, or rather disguise, is such that tho sex uf the re presentative bocomcH almost a matter of doubt. Berhaps it was this fact which tempted so many notroRscs to essay tho part, as boforo this tune Mrs. bidden, and she but once, I believe, is the almost only recorded female Hamlet, while since their name its legion. Chnrlen Kean (born 1811, died 1868), who is celebrated for tho excessive and almost finical pains ho took to bo arch:eologically correct in his productions, was, it would seem, bnfflod by the difficulties of Hamlet, and costumed him as ridiculously as his predecessors had done, though, as observed above, 44 with a difference" He gave up wearing hi slooking ,4<lown gyved to his ankle" in the mod scenes, which was something (o bo rratcful for, Out ho retained the order and star on the oluak. It is true that the Order of tlio Elephant was founded by Ohristinn I., King of Denmark, and the star belonged to an order invented by Charles I. of England, but Hamlet antedated these monarchs by a few centuries. Macrendy (h. 1793 ; d. 1873) and Forrest (h. 1806; d, 1872) renowed the rivalries of iCcaii and Booth, nud, liko them, in Hamlet ; indeed, tho first outbreak of tbo hostilitioH which terminated only in bloodshed duriug the Astor-place riot on 10th May, 1849, oc curred during a performance of Hainlet by Macrc&dy; in Edinburgh about three years before that date. Forrest, who was in the audience, chose to hiss what he scornfully desig nated as the pas tic mouckoir ; this was a pieco of business used by Macreody as he said, 44 They are coming to the play ; I must be idle." To givo the impression that Hamlet's intellect was unsettled, no danced across the stage, waving a white handkerchief ovor his head. The audience were on Macready's side, and without knowing who it was that hissed, ho "bowed derisively and contemptuously to tlio plabo where he sat, and danced and waved the more." Both of these were potticoatcd Hamlets, and Forrest seems at one poriod of his career to white as black iti it, and which must have made him look very like a magpie. Fechter (b. 1824 ; d. 1879), the flaxen wigged Hamlet oi the last generation of piuygoora, also wore a skirt, and also 44 cast " bis 44 nighted color off " to somo extent, wearing, instead of an "inky cloak, "one of gray with black velvet hood. He is the first Hamlet, if we oxcopb Bnrbago (concerning whom we havo no oortain records), who wore a heard and moustaclio ; these, like his wig, wero blonde. The veritable wigis now in tho collection of The Players, and is decidedly of a redder shade tlum what is usually known as 44 flaxen," by which epithet it is designated both by George Henry Lewes in Actors and the Art of Acting, and by Miss Kate Field in her life of tbo great romantic notor. Tho muderu Uamlots are Air. Edwin Booth and Mr. IJenry Irving, both of whom havo more nearly approached to the possibilities of the authontio costuino (always supposing there is such a thing) than any others who have achieved fame in tho character, Dir. Booth carrying his attempt into matters of the minutost detail. Ho used to wear, for in- Rtanco, a dress entirely made of soft woollen stuff, tbe monotony of tho sombre color being relieved with purjde in bands on the alcoves, tho lining of the cloak, and the hose; atone time he substituted blue for this color. He. crosB garfcored his legs, and woro a short mantle fastened on one shoulder, presenting a very striking resemblance to tho portrait of King Canute, without sacrifice of either grace or dignity. This, it seems to me, is tho ideal way to dress tho melancholy Prince ; it is sufficiently possible and accurate to satisfy the student of such matters ; sufficiently strange to produce upou thu less cultivated mind au effect of 44 onoo upon a time," whioh in after all tho real date of the play ; while at tho BRine time it is graceful and becoming, and eminently helpful to tho actor in striking tho key-nute of tlio cha racter on his first appearance. -More recently Mr. Booth has worn a soft rich silk tunio And n cloak of plush, whioh !b certainly a grave anachronism, but possibly to be ac counted for by tbo desire to give variety to a costume entirely of black, which color ho now affects to the exclusion of any other. Lawrence Barrett's dress whon he first at tempted tho part of Hamlet was a copy of Mr. Booth's — black sorgo relieved with blue. Subsequently ho wore ono of tho strangest suits of solemn blAok that ovor the Dane was indued withal. It'was founded upon a dreHs worn by Lootard, the trapeze performer, and cousiatcd of a very closo fitting 4 shape," as it is called in tho theatrical profession, of black satin, profusely adorned with bead work and fringod with the same. This, with a cloak thrown over ono shonlder aud a hat crowned 44 with & forest of feathers," made of Mr. Barrett a gallant figure indeed, but 44 more an Italian lover than a Dane." His last Hamlet dress was of black embroidered silk crepe, with elaborate trimming of bead work, and generally of a fanciful no period in particular, but undeniably princely and pictur esque. When Mr. Irving first ossayed the part he was sovercly criticised for the 4<unfortunato choice of a costume of a strangely docked and confined kind," which prevented his pre senting 44a picturesque appearance on the scene.' I do not remember any very marked difference from bis present costume as hero represented, exoepe that be used to wear a voluminous mantlo of out brocaded velvet in lieu of the fur- lined cloak in which lie now enwraps himself from the nipping and eager air of tho platform at Eislnore. HiB doublet is of heavy black silk trimmed with velvet (,4but that's not much "), and his hose are of silk. Otherwise thoro u little amiss with his attire, save and oxcopting a most Mophistopholian hat and oook's feathers. I have never been able to understand why when the Comedy Framjaiao presented Hamlet, some five years ago, tlio powers that decide such matters should havo pitched upon tlio period of Francis tho First for the mounting of the play. Be that as it may, there is no doubt but that M. Mounct- fcully looked a princo fa it d pcimWc. 