WEDDING-RINGS. In RUssia) iis iti niany othfer countries, both husband ' iu'id wifu haVe ii Hiijr jlj testimony 01 The members of our own Royal Family adopt in. J plan. Tho Duku of Connaught wears on his fourth linger a, plain gold hoop with ' Marguerite' engraved inside ; his wife's ring bearing the name of 'Arthur.' And at the present moment a well-known London firm advertises gentlemen's wedding-rings as a speciality. The Prince of Wales gave his bride ft liuop with sis stones i beryl, emerald, rUby$ ttlrrjlioigej jacinthj and emerald} the initial forming hia Oivn pet nrtme ' Bertie.' It has always been redogtliSbd tttnoiiy lovers that there is a' special stone for' each month ill love's balondar; January is represented by tiie cilriict (coiistnhfcyj ; .February, j by the amethyst (sincerity) ; April, by the ilia-; niond (innocence); May, by tho einuiald (success iii love); June, the agate (ltjng life); July, tho chameleon (contentedmind); August,, the sardonyx (married happiness) ; Sijuteiiiber; tke chrysolite,, (clearness of in tellect) ; October opal: (fortune) ; JSfovem !?.r, I'jpiiiS (fidelity); Dt?ccmbor, turquoise (prosperity). ''When our QueCii was iin;.n'ipd| she distributed, in remembrance of the event, gold rings enclosing her likeness, but-so exceedingly small that; they were invisible except by means of magnifying glass : they, are . highly treasured amongst many' members of the aristocracy to. this day* i A wedding-ring need not of necessity be gold. Ero this niany loving' dotijfieS hVve been married, and legally married too, with, a curUiin-ring, and among these-wero people of np:ie3snote ,thah the then Duke of Hamilton and one of tho beautiful Miss,Gunnings. Iron rings have beSiVllnlcjS tcj do the,dii($of eoid; andsonietimbs even leather; Wb'reiiil of oiie bride; whoso finger, was encircled during the ceremony with a.; piece .'of kid cut from her own glove while the. very poorest olussos ■ were content with frusli rings. The Puritans abolWhed;$eddih[(:rihg3 altpgothbi-," iiiiii to tliis ' day, ,'. some ; members ! of the society of,,,Friends object to tli'eir use on account of of their heathen origin.. Time "was when they'-'were worn:. on tho.' thumb. When Goo'rge'Ii was king,1 as soon as the ceremony, was over, the bride re moved her wedding-ring from, jthe ring fini^eiv to the (^uinbji and the : traces uf the custom are still visioloiH i!oiiie piotuiesof , the pcriuu where'they are ^ depicted. This perhaps accounts for , tlio'. atv^:.' ^ ear W." husband on.-my thumb.. Another.class or: thumb-ling was ecclesiastical.. 'Brides of our day would hardly i'object; to;:tlio old custom that ftftei- the bridegroom had' placed the.' wedding-ring on the;' wife's fliiger ho should supplement it' by.seveial others»with geiiis. In early days tiiB'tttjpouslil cltcletHvta placed first on one iliigfer,- and':then on the other, before its filial rCsting-pkce, with l.hp words: ' In the iiamb of the ' Fathijr; tho Son, and the Iloly Ghost. . Amen.'-; Interesting ftslios of old days are the gimmal rings,, used both for; marriage and betrothal. They wero made of two or tlireo moveable hoops; .0110 of which was worn by daclr of the lovers during the betrothal ; but at the marriago the completed ring was united agaiii, undeserved for a keeper or wedding-ring, the hoops being kept together, by clasped hands,.and soihe times attached • to a heart.- ■' Ii) tho Kortlr of Europo the weddthg^ring opened in the centre, so that there was room for the finger to enlarge with age ; but iii this' case it Was not of plain gold, but chased and engraved. No doubt the doublo and triple gimmal rings originated in the old idea of a betrothed couple dividing ft coin, each keeping .half. ■ I will dismiss this subject with Dou^his Jer rold's view of (Ik; question : ' Alndc ! the weddin^-ving, like the i-injj 'of Siihirii, foi\ | good .or evil, .it circles the wholo world/— I " Cassoll's FiuniIy;-ftl»K«SMUc. Cakats.—It is very.likely you Iiavo heard piecca of gold jewelleiy, especially ring:;, •jj-oken of as do many carats tine. But I do I not believe you know t ho'inputting'of die ex pression, so I will I ell you. A ear,-it of gold receives its 11:11110 from the carat seed,or 3eod j[ the Abyssinian coral i'owcr. Tins was at one i>oriud made useful when gems or gold (uncoined) were used in Eastern trading, and so came about the peculiar and now general US3 of the word. Twenty-two carftl3 fine means that out of twenty-four parts hventy two are goM imd the rest alloy. ! 