Interesting Service. The close relationship which has existed in Eng- land between the Established Church and the Masonic body is being strengthened almost daily. The religious papers for December last report'an interesting service in Holy Trinity Churoh, Wool- wich. This service was attended by fully 200 members of tho Masonio body. Tho Freemasons assembled in the adjoining schoolroom, entering the church by way of tho vestry in procession, followed by the clergy. Those includod tho DEAN of HociiEsrart (himself a Mason pf upwards of fifty years standing) and many others. The Dean, in addition to his D.D. hoad, wore the handsome red collar of the Rosy Cross of tho 18th degree, while tho othor clergy wore the light blue collar of their degree in Masonry. The service began with the hymn 11 Lo, He comes,'.' sung to tho massive tune more often hoard half a century ago than now,' which went grandly with the man's voices.' - ? Even- song was sung by tho Vicar; the speoial Psalms, 15\. aud; '122, wero sung to full blown Anglionn chants, and the lessons X Kings VIL 18 to '22, and 2nd Thoss III; G to 18,' were read by the W. M. of the Kelson Lodge and the W. Af. of the' Pattison Lodge respectively. The Masonic anthem; " Behold how oood and'joyful a thing it ÍB," was sting, and I the hymn. boforo tho sermon was ; " Gracious spirit, Holy Ghost;"'.Tho: Dean ; ot Koohester prcaohed ono of ina characteristic sermons from the words from the : Book.of . Chronicles, " And he sot mssons to hew. stonoa toi.build the-house of God." Dr. HOLE pointed out that .every mau was.iuitiated a mason at his baptism, nud thut God had gi von ovary man a sito ou, winch to build His Church, but tho building must be carried on-in God's way.I Every man who followed that which was right in his own eyes was a bad mason.: The model to follow waa tho life of Jesus Christ. : Ho was no mason who waa impatient and could not wait. The true man wns ho who was doing his duty patiently, day by day, and doing it the best he could, booauso God had given it him to do. Christianity, which had abolished slavory, had dignified and enoblcd work, and Christ had turned tho drudgery, of work into light. It was brotherly love from the heart which sanctified the ancient Order nf Masonry. First, they must build a church in their own houses, and than they must ba missionaries, for they oould not love Jesus Christ without longing to impart that love to others. At tho close of tho sermon, the hymn " Oh Lord of heaven, and earth, aud sos," was sung, and a collection mado in aid of tho Royal Masonic Institution and Trinity schools.. After the sermou a carol, "It came upon tho mid- night clear," was touchingly sung, and tho Vionr ooncluded tho sorvico with the Masonio colleot, "Almighty aud Eternal God, Architect and Euler of tho Universe,''to which tho choir responded by singing the proper response " So mote it be," and the Benediction so ending: a highly ceremonial Bcrvico,_. ?? ?. ?_ 11 Presentation.-On Thursday . evening Mies M., M'Alpin, who leaves for Sydney to-day, was presented;by tho.toachers of St. Androw's Fresby terian Sunday School with.au address and volume of the."Sunday at Home," os some reongnition of her services as teaeher and organist in connection with the School: : Thc presentation was made'by Mr. H. Crlsford. and acknowledged by Rev. A. Barron on bohatf .of,tbe:rooipient... :,.-' I Business Changes.-Tho livery stables in .Queen-atreet, formerly under .the proprietorship of Mr. James M'Lean, aro. now conducted by Mr. W; (Werner. The shop in Frinae-strcot kept by Mr. .0. Giovanelli, ipainter, otc, is now ocoupied by 'Mr. Charlea Klaus.as undertaker and cabinetmaker.: :Mr. J.;M'Alpin, who haB been'a resident of Graf 'ton for somo 20 years, and carried on tho business of a bailor-maker- Uv Fltzroy-otroet, . leaves - for Sydnoy to-day, and will' he succeeded by Mr. Sun nors,, from, the Riohmond, and formerly of Harwood. The tinamithingibuBinesB for some years carried on by- Mr. WvJ.iGraham-at tho corner of-Prince and Fitzroy-streots is nowjeonduotod by Mewn Logan and Englert, .canssmiii i.-.-:ctj 