DUBLIN CASTLE. Have yon ever been to Ireland, that island sweet and gay, It is where the good St. Patrick drove all the snakes away, And the reptiles got so frightened they vainly tried to hide, And to escape the slaughter they committed suicide Just to escape the sisjigbter they committed suicide. But the ancient legends have it a certain pair got through, And were safely stowed away when St. Patrick said adien. They were hid in Dublin Castle secure behind the cracks, And there yon have the origin of the Dublin Castle hacks. There you have the origin of the Dublin Castle hacks. And by and bye they multiplied until their numbers stank, They were paid for secret service and their offence was " rank." It's money makes the hack to go when traitors yon mast test. And when the hack was paid well, why he trotted at his best. And when the hack was paid well, why he trotted at his best. I see the ghost of Sheridan, Grattan and Emmett too, And others to whose memory we we'er shall say adieu. By the shade of Dan O'connell, if they re- quire a hack, What would they give to mount upon a Dublin Castle crack ? What price a jolly mount upon a Dublin Castle hack. I saw the shades of Billy Pitt and bully Castlereagh, And they're getting up a union the devil now to pay. The latter he was mounted on a gallant captain's back, " Gee up," he said " there's cash galore, my Dublin Castle hack." Gee up, says he, there's cash galore, my Dublin Castle hack. I've read the tale of Hercules the stable cleaning ont. By the putting of a river the other way about. And now Morley, under Gladstone, intends to sweep the cracks. And replace with square officials the Dublin Castle hacks. .----- «fn^urättf^fiTnacEi-'- ?. Now this purging of the castle of satraps and of spies. Will soon clear the air of Ireland of treachery and lies, And the English and the Irish will now stand back to back, And both jump upon that hybrid, the Dublin Castle hack, And jump upon that hybrid, the the Dublin Castle hack. It's a step in right direction from former measures cruel, And the man who cheers for Morley is in the proper school. And here's three cheers for Gladstone who's given hacks their gruel, And who's working now for Ireland and for her rights-Home Rule ! He's working now for Ireland and for her rights-Home Bule. G. T. B 