POETRY AND TRIFLES. j ORIGINAL POETRY. THE COLONIST'S RETURN. Across tlie seas at laut I caine, My ain door land to see, Tlie land I dreamed of many a Unie, Beyond the tjoullicni nea. The land I left full forty years To win the Antral ian ¿old, And lolling neath a ljinnlnjf sun Hov found me worn and old. Ah ! minc old friends have left their place, Their children fill thuin now. Thc old klrkyard Ahaus many a crave Loved nome* of long ago. Thc I ii 11 H alane, keep Killi ttie auno, Tho hum rms lo Hie sea. But minc old friends, wv dear old friends On earth I'll never see. Though Itack agni» 'Us all in vain I sean caril well-known scene. Tho light of other days had gone, The villatrc of my drouin. Thc same old spot cannot brine liaek The happy boyish days, I cannot take thc life 1 left Their ways are not my ways. Thc toilsome life, thc hard-earned wage, Thc dreamy plodding si rife, How chanced indeed from inciiinrv's talc lu this, the real If J. I wunder sadly hy the hum» Or flown the sunny lune. Or to thc schoolhouse mure more take Thc old remembered way. A ghost au)one these living men, An alien far apart, Thc chance h not in hill or jil cn 'Tis In thc old man's heart. To childhood's haunts I dared return, By life's long conflict wont, A stranger, ami a foreigner, In the land where I was born. CRAIG ELLACHIK. I When « man gets ahead of you ill life it is au easy matter to run him down if you don't catch up with him. The Speaker of the Mouse is in deadly peril when every member on thc floor wants to gel his eye. Description has been beggared so often that it ought to have gone into thc hands of a trustee long ago. , There is nothing like printer's ink if you wish something that will stick closer than a mother-in-law. It was probably the man who married a rich wife who first started the joke on the difficulty of finding a woman's pocket. Therese no disgrace in being poor. Thc thing is to keep quiet anet not let your neighbours know unythiug about it. He : " My dear, don't you think it is bad form for a woman to drink champagne ? She : " It may bc bad forln, but I am sure it's good taste. After thc play.-" He : " These dramatists have such a monotonous method of making their lovers propose. " She: " Ves ; but they do propose, and that is the main thing." A difficult case.-He : ".Will you love me if I give up all my bad habits? She (pro- testing) : " But, George, how could you expect inc to love a perfect stranger Ï" Common sense is, of all kinds, thc most un- common. It implies good judgment, sound discretion, und true and practical wisdom applied to common life. A letter received byan Americau from a Parisian friend, a gentleman of some literary note in his own country, states that ho is learning English by thc aid of a small text- book and u dictionary without any other in- structor, and he adds, " In small time I can learn so many English as I think I will tn come at thc America and to go on the scalfold to lecture." A lady belonging to a community called thc " Sisters of St." John the Baptist," in New York City, was spending a month in one of our backwoods districts. Going to thc post office shortly after her arrival she asked it any letter had come for Sister Bernardine. The rural postmaster looked bewildered for a moment. " Sistcrwha?" bc asked. "Sister Bernardine," repeated thc lady. "A Sister of St John the Baptist." "Well, I should rather think not," replied thc man with an uproarious laugh; "I guess he's been dead years now." 