THE DEVIL’S OWN. AN AUSTRALIAN STORY BY MRS. RICHMOND HENTY. (ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.) CHAPTER XXIV. The panic continues—prayers inter- mixed with cries of despair, weeping hand in hand with voices of bounce and braggadocia “A thousand pounds, captain, for a boat—a boat for three only, mind. I am not going to kingdom come with a wholesale cargo of canaille. No, no, but a boat I must have,” says the baronet, dictatorially, in an angry excited tone. The captain, poor man, looks more like some wreck of humanity with his care worn face as he shouts orders, and is in a dozen places at once, trying to arrange for the best, pacify the passen- gers, and save his ship and his character; but amidst all his anxiety he manages to say in a tone half cynical,half- disgusted, " My good sir, I wish I was rich enough to be even half-owner of a boat. No, no, the ladies first, gentlemen after, I used to be taught as a youngster—I haven't for- gotten it. The boats are being lowered, sir." Fortunately it is a calm night, though black darkness shuts out the whole scene beyond the ship’s lights. A flash of lightning and a distant growl of thunder— remains of the late warring of the elements on one had noticed during the revels—is the only trifle to dismay the passengers, who are all en masse watching the boats being lowered. “ The ship wid break up before morn- ing, so save qiu peut,” says a facetious Christy minstrel, with dangling coat tails and the remains of a pasteboard shirt collar. “ Whose for the first boat; don’t all speak at once, or there’ll be a pretty how do—don’t. Stalls, 10s; dress circle, 5s; pit, that’s the bottom of the boat, 2s; walk in ladies and gentlemen, lots of room in the boat, if the bottom don’t come out, or the whole precious arrange- ment with its select individuals, turns over. “ Is that a shark I see before me ? ” There is no doubt if the world came to an end suddenly there would be some one to coach a joke or treat lightly the solemn event. Its a way they have got, these cynical believers in life and nothing else. However, in this case the world did not come to an end, nor did the boats come to grief, nor did the Banga- lore break up before morning. It was much ado about nothing as to the panic, but only to be quieted by landing the affrighted travellers on terra firma, not far off, as soon as was possible. “ I wish them joy of old Perim and its defences,” said one of tho stewards, as the last boat but one put off laden to the water with passengers. “That there barreynite was in a funk, and what for I wonder. Such as he is has no business with a conscience. Its only we poor devils that are supposed to be blessed with the objectionable article. What? you there, or is it your ghost Monsieur Gustave ? Your gentleman was shouting and tearing about after you like a caged lion. Won’t you catch it, my friend.” “ Let monsieur shout if it is a pleasure to. It can do me no harm,” said Gus- tave, as he watched the boats out of sight and lighted a large cigar. " Phew,” said the steward. “ls that the way of the wind. Well, now, the coast is clear, suppose we adjourn to the supper room, there’s no end of good things there going to waste—chicken pies and all the rest of it, with pounded glass by way of a digester, like the ostriches. Come on ; I don’t suppose I shall have much rest to-night, and the boats will be back soon. Oh, as to the ship, she’s all right; can’t run away anyhow, and the captain will lighten her and get her off. It may take a day or two, and likely cost a good penny, but lord, mistakes will happen in the best regulated fami- lies and the best regulated vessels. It was the lightning to-night, I heard old Professor Gumsquirk, or some such name, one day lecturing on the effect of electricity on the compasses. There’ll be the insurance companies to answer, shoals of them—come on ? ” said the steward, leading the way cheerfully. “ I don’t mind helping you my friend, if I can help you at all,” said Gustave pleasantly. “You see, I’ve travelled a good deal, and do not see the good of being transported innocently to Perim if the Bangalore can hold me high and dry. Meanwhile, when the boats return, keep it dark about my existence, do you under- stand. I am supposed to have disap- peared when the boats were lowered, I’ll make it worth your while, for be- tween you and I, I cannot stand that man Sir Hubert—his tantrums and his fads. I’d rather lose my quarter’s pay or hand it over to you, do you hear? no harm done. I’ll give him the slip if I can manage it.” “I suppose I am safe in giving you a lift, Monsieur Gustave,” says the steward questionably. “ Certainly ; I am well known by the highest families,” said monsieur. “Well, Tim and I have a bit of a cabin to ourselves, you collect your traps and go in there and go off fast to sleep. I’ll call you when wanted; come and have some champagne first. My stars, what a work we shall have clearing up,” said the steward to a brother steward, as they looked in blank dismay at the supper table. Later on the boats returned and were filled again with passenger’s luggage, if not passengers, but no Monsieur Gustave answered to his master’s call at Perim when the baronet, after standing hours, shivering with cold, watched with anxiety for his courier, and more particularly his jewel case, left in Gustave’s charge when they parted company as the first boat left the stranded ship. “ Depend upon it your man came with the first batch, Sir Hubert, and is wait- ing with your traps in some comfortable quarters at Perim,” said a passenger. “I'll make it hot for him if he isn t,” said Sir Hubert, walking away, cold and angrily disposed. But to add to the sensational budget that night, up to a very late hour in- deed, when rosy st eaks of sunrise ap- peared, there was no appearance of Sir Hubert Armytage’s courier, Gustave La- grange, ashore, nor was there any ap- pearance of Mr. Stanton, who was last seen in a state of frantic despair as the first boats put off with his wife and his cher ami, Sir Hubert Armytage. “ Poor old Stanton, I am sorry for him,” said his men friends. " Poor silly fool to believe in such a woman —serve him right,” said his women friends. 