entitle. .^OJENCK OF THE DAY. [liv A B.Su.] 'i he use of artificial cold is becoming every •icextended ; in Australia we have for si.mts time been faauliar with practical applications of freezing m ctfimection with t'm exnow in more jj.rjation of chilled meat, and i » iit „... nierous ru,. a am,lj apiiliances ances on on a sinailoi smaller scale in the , ;servation o{ dai ry p rwluco; but in Emop B „ ^ facihties exist at present for the :.p- ^licatio!1 of L. o!d to a!l sorts of p-ir;.',-^ W-ause of the ease of obtaining c>:npre.-:sed C.-U bonic acid gas ill the form ol a liquid in stiong iron drums, it is necessary only to let a little of tho pas escape to get an intense cold in the stream of it. This i3 now being used in surgery to produce insensibility to pain for minor operations. The idea is an old one in dentistry, where the c-ther spray was v.tfd to cool and deaden the gum. round the bi.se of the tooth to be extracted, but many people found the disagreeableness of having tiu-h an intense degree of cold so slowly and !.wkvardly produced in the mouth worse than the pain o'f extraction. But with the carbonic m any part of the body very quickly, it is only neceseary to coil the tube round the part to be affected and turn on the gas ; the cold has not to penetrate far till the part can be deeply cut without produciug--y \nnii. Of course there [ is tbe discomfort of the cold, but KOit people I make light of that compared to the pain of a wound. Where it is undesirable to give chloro- ! * ftlD1 the freezing method in painless surgery • i will be valuable. J cother instance of the spreading use of ( produced artificially is afforded by the | ition at the Paris Morgue of an extensive it for freezing and preserving for any j ted time the lurge number of bodies that i i to be kept there for identification. It ; certainly be of great assistance to the j law generally to be able to keep a body found under suspicious circumstances as long as they desire. ai:d men who as Jurors have ever been calii'd upon to inspect r. brother man's body in an iirivana d stage" of decomposition should be g];:j to hear of the time coming when the [ Jui'oi' will be spared the worst horrors of such ; ill i-vpc-rience. It is certain that the 1 Paris Morgue will become a livelier attraction than ever Jo that pecuiiar-minded public that haunts it and takes a giuesome satisfaction ill gloating over the ueiiness of death. What wouid riot the old J'jjry;;tian Pharaohs have given to have endowed "the Pyramids with a huge freezing pkiiit to keep their bodies nndecayed for time? We are often told that in uiaiiy rvsp'jots our boasted nineteenth c-nttiry with all its science has not attained to the knowledge of tbe old Egyptians, but in their speciality of embalming they are clearly distanced by the authorities of the Paris Morgue. . . . Dr. Tylor, the President of tho Anthopologieal Institute, in his last addrass returns to of bav endowed . _ or which they had borrowed in contact with the white man. Thus the w great spirit of the lJed Indian novel is merely "a reproductionof : the idea of God which the Jesuit missionaries • tried to impart, and the same sort of thing has been at work in connection with most savage religious, D ghosts and demons have been exalted to gods and degraded to devils. The true nature of many savage religions remains still to be worked out from the languages and pure traditions apart from the private inter- ; pretations of travellers and missionaries. It is well that Dr. Tylor should get this thoroughly impressed on anthropological workers all over the world, so that in their own enqui- . ries they may be guarded against similar mis- ' takes ..; because , it ,, is ^ an old . impression . with certain people that there is no nation so debased as to have no idea of a God and of the sinfulness oi man; but scientific research on the superstitions of certain savages has proved this to be quite a mistake, In connection with the diverse means used in Australia for the destruction of rabbits, such as trapping, shooting, and poisoning, and also with the large sale of rabbits for food, the question is often raised as to whether there is not danger of poisoned rabbits getting amongst those sold to the public, ar.d so proving a menace to health. Various experiments have been tried recently by feeding large quantities of ~ c the d flesh of poisoned animals to dogs without producing any sign of poisoning in them, and it is _ well known that savage tribes which use poisoned arrows in hunting their food, suffer none of the effects of the poison themselves. As a matter of fact the quick-acting poisons do not reach the flesh in any appreciable quantity. Thus while people will be wise to preserve a prejudice against using the flesh of an animal known to be jjoisoned, they may allay all fears as to disastrous results following the accidental introduction of a poisoned rabbit into the publio food supply. j Progress is being made with the working out of the theory that the microbes of most infectious diseases do their mischief through the agency of poisons which they produce, and a considerable number of these poisons have 1 been isolated from the artificial cultures. But the most interesting point is to demonstrate the presence of theEe poisons in tbe body of the sick subjcct. It is known to be one of the functions of the kidneys to throw such poisons out of the system in the urine, and a recent French investigation has succeeded in separating cut from the urine the poisons of scarlatina, diphtheria, and the mumps, and proving them to be identical with the poisons obtained by cultivating the microbes m broth. The poisons are quite definite chemical compounds, whose constitution will soon be worked out, and in the light of that knowledge it will be jiossible, no doubt, to discover chemical means of breaking up the poisons in the system i into harmless products. The poison of the mumps when tried on small animals proves to be very virulent; but, fortunately, it never seems to bo produced in large quantity at one time in tbe human eystem. 1 A Dutch experimenter has carried out some striking experiments on the antagonistic action of certain poisons to one another. He used the : frog's heart as his test subject, as this can be cut out and kept alive by itself for a long time, j The action of this isolated heart when de- j pressed by muscarine could be revived by <Sigi- I taline, and muscarine mixed with digitaline produced less depression than muscarine alone. This is typical of the change that experimental methods are working in the science of medicine, when the actual effects of drugs can be seen and measured, instead of the old chance empirical method of casting them into the system to do nobody knew what. By similar means the proper antidotes to the microbic poisons may yet be demonstrated. Professor Pictet, of Geneva, who made himself well known some years ago by his liquefaction pi oxygen has with two or three other physicists spezialised ever since in the study of intense cold. He has now erected at Berlin a laboratory for no other purpose than the establishment and maintenance of various low temperatures. The institution will be of immense use to the physicists of Berlin, for in many branches of physics and also of chemistry great interest attaches to the behaviour of bodies at low temperatures. For instance one investigator wished to determine the elastic properties of mercury in the solid state. In Professor Pictet's laboratory he had some mercury frozen and so hardened with cold that he was able to make a tuning-fork out of it; another got chloroform pure at once by a single crystallization by means of intense cold; cognac by a single freezing acquired at once the mellowness given as a rule by years of storing. Pictet has also mado a most im- • portal „ conductors of heat becomes far less marked at very low than at ordinary temperatures. He does not expeci to get closer than within 200° of the absolute zero of temperature at which the molecules of bodies would be at rest, and the bodies would be devoid of all heat. Although tho work in most of the rvstronomical observatories is largely reduced to the routine operations of observing the posi tions of heavenly bodies and calculating corrections or taking photographs and measuring up on them at leisure, there are plenty of freelances who Ueep the sun, moon, and planets under constant surveillance to get evidence of changes going on in them that will give a clue to their conditions, while others watcli the nebulie ot interesting stars. The sun, as is only right, absorbs tho createst amount of attention, and the application of the spectroscope to limited areas is gradually giving an accumulation of information as to the velocities reigning in thu great whirlpools of glowing vapour, and in tho gigantic eruptions. A Hungarian observer puts on record the velocity of a protuberance which he had under observation as about 700 miles per second. Until this is corroborated by other observations it must be considered uncertain, but the fact is worth noting that euc-h an enormous velocity has been put on record. A new use has been devised for waste glass, which at present, unless it is good enough for remelting, is an unmitigated nuisance; pieces of different colour aro mixed together, placed in moulds and heated till they are soft enough to be pressed together into blocks, which can be dressed aud cut for use as a decorative facing instead o£ tiles. The same idea is also applied in the production ot stained glass windows without the use of leads. The pieces of coloured glass aro laid side by side, according to the design, are then softened and pressed till they adhere at the edges. Tho design is thus brought out in panes of any desired sis?, 