THE DOCTORS SHOOK THEIR HEADS. <<I wooi-n give a million dollars for a stomach," said a wealthy Amerioan recently. Now, a million dollars (£200,000) is a deal of money, but he was not able to buy the article even at that price. Mr. Thomas Gaskin, of No. 8 Poplar Row, Darley Abbey, near Derby, is not so rioh as many, being a gardener, but he w&s; ready enough to give all he had for one thing lie hadn't got. Here is his story, and he shall tell it in his own way. Mr. Gaskin goes on to say:—"Up to eight years ago I had never lost an hour's work through sickness. In December, 1882, whilst living at Beeston, near Nottingham, my appetite fell away, I had dreadful pain after eating, a bad taste in my mouth, whioh would fill with water and slime, the latter so thick and stioky that I often had to remove it with my fingers- My chest used to ' fill up,' and my throat would swell so I couldn't button my shirt at the neok. I vomited a great deal, oliioily ft yellowish-green phlegm. I had a raoking oough, and would oough and strain till I bled at the nose and the blood rushed out of my ears. I became exhausted and short of breath, and had to call the doctor, and was in bed five or six weeks. "I then went as out-patient to the Nottingham Hospital, and after attending there for six months was very little better. I got so thin that I was like a ghost walking about, and my friends said it was all up with me. For eighteen months I kept octors recommended me to try a change ot ir. So I oame to Darley Abbey, and my ormer master cave me an indoor reoom- endation to the Derbyshire Infirmary, Derby. I found, however, that all the beds in the hospital were full, and I saw my olub doctor and also two dootors at Derby. The first one said, * You are in a galloping eonsumption and mist die;' the other dootors, after sounding my lungs and ohest, said nothing, but shook their heads. "Getting a trifle better,my old master allowed me to do what little I oould in his gardens and grounds; and some days I worked a little, and then would be away for a few days. Things went on like this until Deoember, 1888, when I caught cold, got very short of breath, and broke down completely. I was always coughing and Bpitting up phlegm, sometimes as much as a teacupful at once, and teas afraid to go to sleep for fear the phlegm would choke me. At tnis time the whites of my eyes turned yellow, and my eyes were bloodshot. My lips and mouth were dry and parched, and I often broke out into a cold, clammy sweat. My tongue was like a piece of brown leather, and I could keep nothing down. I lost over a stone weight in three weeks. " I managed to get up for a few hours at a time, but was so weak I had to take hold of the furniture to move a few yards. I was always tired and weary, and, Bitting or lying, was never at ease and got no real rest. Too weak to read, I often sat tor hours looking at my hands—nothing but sldn and bone—and was so nervous I couldn't bear the least noiso, and the children at play quite upset me. " The doctor kept on attending me, but he said, can do you no goods I can only patch yon wp, because your lungs are diseased.' I then gave over taking his medioine and tried everything I could near of. One thing was oough cure from London that oost ' 22s. a bottle. But nothing did any good, and my friends who same to see me said, . jy en, you won't cough much longer; you have nurelv to prepare for another world.' '- Atont the middle of March, 1889, a neighbour named Joseph Tatham, who wonts in the paper mills at Darley Abbey, gaid to me, 1 Tom, did you ever try Mother Seigel's Syrup!' and told me how he had been oured after being in the hospital. He •poke so muoh in praise of this medicine, I sent my wife to Derby and got a bottle at Mr. Smith's Stores in Viotoria-street. After the first dose I had an evacuation blaok as ink, and vomited. Then I fell asleep and felt rested when I awoke. After taking the medicine for three days my breathing got easier, my food kept down, and in a few days more I was able to go out for a short walk. By the end of a fortnight I went to see my master, who asked what had wrought the improvement, and I told him, as I tell everyone, that Mother Seigel's Syrup had saved my life. I commenoed work at onoe, and have never lost a day's work since. " Of oourse, my strength did not return all at onoe, but after taking Seigel's Syrup for six months I was strong as ever in my life, and have continued so ever sinoe." In giving his consent to the publication of this remarkable statement, Mr. Gaskin requests us to refer all doubters to him or to Mr. Eeetley, head gardener, Darley Abbey, who is acquainted with all the facts alleged. Mr. Gaskin has lived at Darley Abbey 22 years, and bears an exoellent reputation. Now, what was the complaint from which he suffered? Not galloping consumption, certainly (at one of the doctors thought), or he would )Mve galloped into his grave in less than three months, instead of growing worse for eeven years. His oomplaint was chronio inflammatory dyspepsia (or chronio gastrio catarrh), which has lung symptoms like oon- •umption, for which it is so often ignorantly mistaken and wrongly treated, when the right remedy, Mother Seigel's Syrup, was used the disease yielded, as all diseases of the digestive tract do yield to that magnifioent preparation. We heartily congratulate Mr. Gaskin on bis reoovery, and commend the faots of his caBe to all thinking people.— (ADVT.] _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 