jteiffisting & useful' information 1 FOR ' J Tim HOUSEHOLD- ! Sick-room Cookery— This (says " A Lady of Scot land," writiug in tho Agricultural Gazette) is a branch of the culinary art .that, differs, in some essentials, from tlic rules tliet guiuo the oidinuiy cook. For the sick everything must bo seasoned with a sparing Irixd. for spices and condiments, that would provoko the appetite in a healthy subject, will prove distaste- ' 'ful to a sickly one. and even aggravate, certain dis- . orders. Little sugar, absolutely 116 salt, and poppers, if at all, ill tho smallest pioportion, is tho rule; tho ; exception must be in cases where the nurse, of her i own knowledge, or acting under tho doctor's orders, is I certain no harm will follow. A weakened appetite I soon turns against, a too frequent repetition of the | same food, aud it lies with the nurse to contrive some i harmless novelty to tempt it. While, therefore, slio oust attend strictly to the prescribed quantities of j medicine, she may exercise her own discretion as to food, provided she has somo acquaintance with tho effects of the different kinds on the human body. Vegetables arc rarely snitablo for invalids ; stewed fruits, on the contrary, are medicinal, and often iii"hly beneficial. Authorities differ greatly in their estimate of starchy foods, somo of them holding they are in no sense nutritious, and, if taken alone, must lead to starvation. Miss Nightingale has said of arrowroot " that it is only useful tis a vehicle for administering wino hut, on the other Jiand, people have been known to live for a monlu at a time entirely on arrowroot, and water, and been grateful to starchy food ever after. Arrowroot and corn flour are now believed to bo most useful agents in the sick room ; whilo there are so many preparations of invalid food, each with peculiar properties of their own, tho intelligent nurso need be at. ho loss to vary her patient's diet. Rut, high on the list of invalids' food must be placed uat.ineal gruel, the strengthening properties of which arc hut imperfectly understood, and certainly deservo to bo better known. In one case of extreme weakness, where the patient was to all appearance sinking, three tablespoon fuls of oatmeal gruel, to which was added medicinally, one spoonful of spirit, given every two hours, worked such a wonderful change for tho better as to astouLh the medical attendont, and lead him to commit, what had been an almost hope less case, to the nurse — with tho remark, " Just go on with vour nursing." Gruel is mado tlms: I'ut five tablospoon fuls of oatmeal— less or more as it is wanted thick or thill— and mix to a liquid paste with cold water; then stir it into a pint and a half or two pints of boiling water and strain through a sieve I close enough to keep back all the grains ; boil it in ! an enamelled saucepan till about tho thickness of I good cream. If properly made and sufficiently boiled, ; it will get thicker as it cools. Plain or raspberry 1 vinegar, spirits, sugar, salt, or even a little butter may j be ndded. ! Beef-tea is so well-known as to need no recom- j mendation. yet inexperienced people aro sometimes j at a loss ill setting about tho making of it. One ounce I of beef to six tablespoonfuls of water i3 a proper pro- S portion for good beef tea. Cut tho meat into dice ; I put it into a stewpan, and add cold water in tho j above proportion. Let it stand away from tho fire for 10 minute;, as certain parts of beef are only 1 soluble iu cold water ; theu put it to heut very gradually, aud at last boil it 10 minutes. Chicken for soup should bo boiled six hours in a covered stono jar sot iuto a pan of boiling water. Gelatine added to beef-tea, or chicken soup, makes it more nourishing, and also makes a change for the patient. Soak -ioz. of it in ;'r pint of cold water ; add to it a cupful of bccf-tea or chicken soup, aud stir it over tho fire till U10 gelatine is quite dissolved ; when cold it will be a firm jelly, almost as good as calf's-foot jelly, and made with much loss troublo. Restorative Jelly. — Put loz. isinglass, A dozen cloves, loz. pounded gum limbic, 2oz. sugar, and a pint of the best medicinal port wino into a bo.vl ; let tho mixture stand covered over for a night ; theu put the bowl into a saucepan of boiling water, and stand it near the firo till the isinglass aud gurn arabic are quito dissolved ; pour through a pipcc of muslin, let it stand till cool, and then cut it up into squares. Baulbv-wateu is ono of the best diluents iu any febrile disorder, or while a patient is under blister. When barley, in any shape, is given to an invalid, it should first be soaked in boiling water to removo tho acid. In making barloy-wnter; it should simmer for an hoar. A handful of raisins boiled in it makes a more palatable drink, whilo it is no less whole some. j Cream of Barley is a cooling and nourishing form of food, and may CesateljmnliiihyoHsd'hiLachj. Cut up half-pound of lean/real, put it" in a saucepan, with a pint of cold water, and add two ouncos of barley previously soaked in boiling water. Boil together for six hour;, adding a litt.lo water as it waste;. Pound the wholo in a mortar, and rub it through the tummy sieve with the liquor. Invalid CuSTAiin- — TI10 yolks of two eggs and the white of one, heal en up with a cupful of milk, put iuto a buttered teacup, and steam ten minutes. Tub Value of the Onion. — While tho onion stands at a disadvantage among vegetables on account of its nronomiccd and not wholly agreeable odour, it is, J clout. tie;;, one 0? the must, valuable and healthful j products of the garden. This value is not confined j to it; use as an article of diet, sinco the efficiency of | onion poultices ill cases of croup and similar diseases ; are tou well kuown to need repetition. The roasted j heart of an onion, placed in the ear ns hot as it can bo borne, will often relievo cases of earache when other ! remedies fail, and a very excellent cough syrup is j made by putting ono half cup of minced onions into a j cup each of vinegar aud molasses, simmering on tho j stove for half an hour, and then straining. A tea- j spoonful of this syrup taken frequently will relievo severe cases of co'ughhiid hoarseness. It is claimed that onions, as an article of food, are excellent blood | purifiers, greatly improving tho complexion, and, of j course, entirely harmless. As a nervine, tboy aro very beneficial, cither cooked or raw, and, if eaten in ! the natural state, U10 addition of a little salt or pepper ! makes tlicm more palatable. Tho largo imported , variety are much less pungent aud disagreeable to tho 1 taste than smaller native growth, but equally efficient ! in remedial action. The Attic.— Nothing is more discouraging to a . good lionsekeepor than to move iuto 11 house with a ! neglected attic whore tho debris of all the previous housekeepers has been allowed to collect. It is im possible to calculate how much dust and tmwhole- soi:iencs3 drifts down through the house from such a neglect ed spot as this. A good housekeeper has no Buclfncglected spots. Her house cleaning does not twin wit h the storey under the attic, but with tho iit.ric iteelf. There arc ghosts enough in a forgotten at tic to furnish a volume of mysteries. It is not on uncommon thing for peoplo to consign to the attic their worn-out shoes, their cast-off bounets and hats, their decrepit, furniture which has passed usefulness, all their old belongings, in prospect perhaps of some general resurrection day which never comes. Thcv move av.av and another tenant comes, who follows the example which Ins been set by his pre decessor. Thus debris and dust and the imwhole- somcness that come with them accumulate. Thcrois nothiii" morn absurd that thi3 practice of hoarding up trasii. The attic of a house should bo kept as clear as possible from all articles which are not of positive value, in order that it may be freely dusted j nud swept, like any other portion of the house. A : simdo woollen garment or old wool liat may alone i bring moths enough to infest a whole honso if left : neglected in the garret. Let attics be kept clean and ! cellars dry if you expect to live in a wholesome , hou=e. punsERYES— German Recipes.— Poars in : viue-mr : Winter Berguuiot or other small pears must I bo peeled smooth, leaving on the stems, and either left whole or halved and tho kernels taken out. To 1 evcrv pound of pears allow half a pint of vinegar, | 6oz. of sugar, a st'ckof cinnamon, und- a dozon cloves. Boil these0 ingredients a few minutes, then lay in the pears, and let them simmer till a pin goes I easily through them, but not long enough , to reft en them. Take out the pears, draiu them I on a sieve, and lay them in the jurs. Boil down the syrup thicker, and when cold pour it oyer j tho fruit. Should the syrup becomo thin in a few i davs, boil it over again. Quince cakes : Boil the | quinces whole, without peeling them, till quite soft ; | then peel and core them. Work the pulp through a coarse sieve. Allow lib. of sugar to lib. of fruit SJCoistfcU tho sufiur with a lltfclo water, and boil it until beads form ; then put in the fruit, and boil this, with constant stirring, te a stiff, smooth jam. Make little travs of white paper, fill them half an inch thick with the fruit, and put them to dry in a cool oven, or sprend the mass. out thin on plates, and when somewhat dried set them to get cold. Cut the fruit into any small shapes. Those dried on paper are removed by dipping the paper into cold water. Quince jelly : Ciioose quinces that aro quite ripe and yellow, wash and wipe, but do not peel them. Slice them and take out the kernels, put tho slices in an earthen preserving pan, shako, and press theui down ; pour in boiling water, enough barely to cover the fruit, boil it until tho colour deepens aud it becomes quite soft, then pour it into a jelly bag, or press tho fruit through a napkin and fine sieve. In either case tho juice must be filtered three times, till it runs quite clear ; then add fib. of sugar to lib. of juice, and bail until it thickens to a clear syrup, and forms a hanging network 011 a silver spoon dipped in. Fill small glasses, and lie them over tho next day.— I Q'!ccn- . Barrister— A gentleman with a grievance. A iiu'uist of brief accomplishments. 3 Sin: wus my idyl when 1 wooed, My ideal wh'cu I won ; My idol when in after years, yfujt idle she bad nose, 