-t-' COMiTON-Sh^HS IX SPECULAjrrVJi imuwr. (By Vcrax in tho Melbourne Argm.) \\. " Semper ega auditor bullum? Nuiiquuimic rt nanam vexatuv totieija.'* lu spite of the frequent remarli;, that common-sense is the rarest of senses, wo may yet maintain that it is still the main guide of our lives and actions. Tho rule is so general that the excep- tions alone excite attention, and give rise to the cynical epigram. In most matters where right reason is of im- mediate and practical importance, and where the bod effects of personal bias or aberration are promptly in evidence, common-sense holds sway. In the large field of commerce, for instance, men have an intense (if un- conscious regard for, and habitually in- sist on, a rigid application of logical method. If they relax their strict system of inference, if they allow them- selves to be persuaded against their better judgment, if they yield to the in- sidious fever of the prevailing boom, and shut their eyes for thc moment to the conclusions which thc dry light of pure reason lins pointed, tim penalty is .speedy and heavy. The disease works its own remedy by destroying all those who aro subject to it. A busy merchant is strictly a logical machine. His day is spent in drawing inferences, with a rapidity which is so astonishing as to make the process seem instinctive, from data of the most varied and complex character. He sifts the false from tho true, the bare fact from the plausible presentation, the plain un- varnished tale from thc concoction which is intended to deceive. He is applying all day long the practical syllogism in full consciousness that if there is an error in his premises, or if the conclusion is not legitimately drawn, his pocket will promptly and inevitably register the fallacy. He is, therefore, in so far as he is successful, the embodiment of common-sense, which is nothing more thnn pure reason, unclouded by per- sonal bias-tho " sense " which is com- mon to all when individual "non-sense " is eliminated. Or consider the scientific inquirer. Ile is engaged in ascertaining and classifying facts and in drawing correct , inferences from them, i.e., in discover- ing thc true explanation of their occur- rence. His mind is ever open to fresh considerations ; one single new fact may reverse thc opinion of a life-time. And if parental affection for some pet theory, or a personal desire to support some special school of thought, leads him to attach undue weight to one set of facts and to detract from the consequences of another, ho is, so far, unscientific, and weakens thc force of his authority. A scientific man who shows bias can only guide those who are already determined to follow him. In every department of practical life we may trace the same method at work in a more or less perfect form. The lawyer docs not admit a fallacy into his argument, unless he thinks he can trust to his skill in concealing it. The farmer docs not sow his field on the anniversary of his wedding regardless of the weather, nur docs he decide when lo sell by the date on which Easter falls, regardless of the state of the market. Trains are not run (at least not on commercial railways) at hours when there can be few passengers. Ko one, in order to make money, buys dear .ind sells cheap if he can help it. The schoolmaster who wishes to increase his numbers docs not confino his curriculum , to the study of Egyptian hierolypliics, but draws it up to meet the require- ments of the day. A Ministry, unless , riding for n fall, does not bring forward a policy known to be acceptable only to a minority. A man with a prospective income of £i a week does not rent a . house at £2. When any of these things happen we all cry out that there is a want of commonsense somewhere, ¡iud its effects are not long in making themselves felt. When, however, we turn to the Held , of speculative inquiry-in which wc ¡ may include for the purposes of this article not only doctrines and opinions which are "incapable of scientific , investigation, analysis, or demonstra- tion, but also subjects, such as political economy, which do not readily admit of experiment, but have to be treated by the deductive or historical methods then wc lind thc ordinary rules of evidence and reason laid aside as useless encumbrances, and anyone who attempts to advocate their cause derided ns a " crank " or self-complacent idiot. The siuuc man who in office hours is a strict and rigid thinker, when in hebdomadal routine he turns his atten- tion to matters speculative, is ready to swallow wholesale doctrines, opinions, and statements which, if they affected his business, he would instantly subject to rigid scrutiny, such as is now prac- tically exercised only by a minority who have learnt that every department of human knowledge is to be taken on its merits, and that none has a prescriptive right to unquestioned acceptance. One cause of this is not far to seek. The effects of being wrong or right in speculative beliefs are not of immediate occurrence. What is the value of hold- ing a sound view of the future existence of dogs compared with a sound estimate of the value of a certain investment or of thc effects of a certain policy ? In the one case a fallacy may never be discovered ; in the other tho result cannot be delayed beyond a few short months. This state of things is much to be regretted. For the. ultimate well-being of society truth in speculation is fully as important ns truth in scientific and practical affairs. And there can be. little doubt that if men had always applied to their political and speculative opinions the same hard common-senso that they have exhibited in commerce, science, and everyday life, tho world would be several centuries in advance of where it is. In taking a few examples to illustrate our meaning tho writer must deprecate any supposition that lie is setting up .ba*, i . Iiis own ideas of thc guidïngs of common sense ns necessarily correct. The in stunc.es aro merely given as subjects on which each individual is not only al liberty, but is bound by tho laws oj intellectual honour, to exercise his own judgment as far ns ptssible without bias, in accordance willi such powers oi raison as belong to him. A writer who sets himself up as a leader of speculative opinion in some directions, and who, wc may own, with- out prejudice, appears fully qualified for thc apostleship as far as literary qualities go, tells us that we must be- lieve that tlie great artistic geniuses of history were inspired. Now, here we think that common sense would want a definition (as exact as possible) of inspiration. As ordinarily understood it would mean that some outside intelligent supernatural influence breathed into the artist the ideas (if not tho details of execution) which lie em- bodies in Iiis production. We put in thc words " intelligent and super- natural " because we can hardly think that our writer holds that a play based on an actual dramatic occurrence in real life, or music purely imitative in its character, could properly be called in his sense "inspired." It is in this hitter sense that newspaper paragraphs are sometimes said to be inspired : or this .article might be inspired by a long course of illogical sermons and magazine articles. Taking, then, thc above definition of inspiration, let us see hew Hie idea works out. For that is thc prompt demand of common-sense. Let us take Beethoven, who, as far as the present writer's idiosyncrasy goes, demands ns much stupendous reverence as any genius in time, as much, in fact, as Marshall Hall can instil, and more. And let us take the 2nd movement in the 5th Symphony, which is ns sublime a conception as ever artist's mind begat. Good fortuno happens to have given us record of the way in which Beeth- oven worked hy preserving the rough notes from which this marvellous result was finally elaborated. Thc leading subject in the shape in which it first occurred to the composer's mind was of a most elementary character, of a kind that anyone could hit upon, com- monplace and unpromising ; and it was only licked into shape nfter many trials and alterations, the various develop- ments of which arc on record, each an improvement on thc preceding. It may he true, as we certainly be- lieve it is, that noone except Beethoven ' could have obtained thc same result out of the same materials. But the point that wc wish to make is that it is very hard to reasonably introduce " inspira- tion " into a method of this character. Setting aside the supposition of direct inspiration of each bar and chord, which is hardest of all to accept, how cnn even the main outline of theme be considered of supernatural origin when it was only the outcome of continuous human toil, starting from a point which was neither sublime nor even dis- tinguished ? At what point docs the in- spiration commence ? At the 2nd, 4th, 8th, or penultimate stage of develop- ment? Or is the claim to inspiration only reached with the final exquisite realisation! In that case it seems de- cidedly unfair to give all the credit to inspiration instead of to the previous mental effort. If a man totally ignorant of musical science, and without a particle of music " in his soul," were to sit down and write out the score of an elaborate symphony of the first order of excellence, we might begin to believe in his inspira- tion. But when the claim is put for- ward on behalf of thc productions of a man who was horn with a strong bent towards music, and passed through a long course of study and development (distinctly traceable throughout his com- positions), then we think that common- sense would require much stronger evidence than is brought forward before admitting him to be something more than mau. Space necessarily confines us to thc consideration of only ono form and ono instance of genius. It would be an easy task to carry out the same line of argu- ment in other brandies of art from Homer to Browning, premising only that thc details in each case require to be known before any opinion, can fairly be formed. Again, to take an illustration trivial in itself, but strongly typical of the illogical attitude (fi wish to combat, the existence iu dogs or the noble quality of disinterested affection is supposed to prove against all possibility of contra- diction that dogs have an after life. We own to a deep regard for dogs though not quite so deep as for Beet- hoven-and if the afterlife were any good to them, and it were in our power to grant it, it would he theirs. But let us test the position by the ordinary canons. From the existence of a feeling in itself cnn only he drawn-(a) the fact of its existence, (h) the inference that thc feeling had a cause. Wo mean,. of course, in the language of the schools, " efficient cause." (The tí nal canso in this case, no doubt, is that Oriel may make more delicious fun of us). The conclusion that such a cause is the possession of a soul is arrived at by analogy from human beings, who also exhibit disinterested affection, and have souls. Tho real crux (hen lies in the question whether thc possession of noble and unselfish emotions by mun proves his future existence, and what we want is something to show that the existence of such feelings cnn only bo accounted for by the hypothesis of the supernatural soul. For if, for instance, any good reasons could be" brought forward for concluding that our emotions (including the highest) have been naturally evolved from the environment of social existence, then the hypothesis of a soul as thc cause becomes very doubtful ; for we hold that it would he common-sense tu prefer a natural explanation of a pheno- menon, when odored to a supernatural. There may or may not be sufficient ovidencc to induce belief in a natural origin of emotion, but we submit that until such evidence has been fully examined (and if inadequate, discarded) no supernatural hypothesis can logically bo entertained. Common-sense might also fairly argue in more simple fashion as follows. If the exhibition of noble emotions proves an after life, the possession of base, and degraded feelings ought to prove the doctrine of annihilation. And if, as often happens, an individual is com- posed of ii mixture of the noble and thc base, he ought to pass futurity some- where between being and not being, unless his personality can bc split up, and part perish while part lives on. Then there is thc belief in ghosts. Ghosts always have thc decency to ap- pear draped, and this drapery ought to make any man pause before nccepting the ghost. Have cast-oil" clothes or winding-sheets also an after life 1 Or is there a ghostly tailor who fits the shade with its impalpable habiliments 1 From the pulpit lut us take one broad illustration. Whenever any mystery is being discussed of unusual difficulty we aie invariably told that there arc som« things into which we must not inquire -which wo must not expect to under- stand. Our reason is finite, and can- not hope to cope with or embrace the infinite. What is overlooked is the fact that, ticing human, wo require human reasons to induce us to believe that there arc mysteries which must remain closed to us. It is just these reasons which are not supplied to us. Finally, let us take one current dogma of the protectionists. " Pro- tection lowers prices." No doubt the men who give utterance to this doctrine believe what they say; but we could not have a better illustration of our contention that common-sense is ex- cluded in certain matters of inquiry. It is not of much use proving to demon- stration that protection does just the opposite. What has to bc attacked is the underlying habit or attitude of mind which makes such a conclusion possible. Wc cannot but recall Lecky's fine account of the decay of belief in witchcraft. It was not refuted and destroyed from without, but died away in consequence of a change in the general point of view-of tho growth, in fact, of the rational or common-sense spirit. There is apparently more than one fetich yet remaining, which will no doubt in time pass through the same process. If these remarks hasten in but an infinitesimal degree, the arrival of that time, they will be more than justified. 