WtfISf>E!$ AT TJiE WIflGS. By "Quince.'1 '1 Carmen Up to Data" is a marvellous hit, and Mr. Lonncn, who is the life and soul of that piecfe, is a marvellous artist. Bis Bogie Man is an absolute treat. His face in that scene .would make the fortune of any Hamlet who knew how to look nlm that when the ghost came on. In Hi&B; Leth- bridge tbe company boasts the most graceful and elegant of dancers, and tbe rest of the people are all very good. On Friday, 19th inst., they leave by fepecial train at 11.15 after thfe performance for Sydney, where ibey will arrive on S&tnrday; at seven in Ibe evening. Thence they .will go by the fast steamer Percgrifii to Brisbane, arriving on Monday morning, and playing on Monday night The feat of travelling a Ihonsand ihiles, and otily losing one night's appear ance is a real triampb of management. Afterthe Brisbane lrip thfe company appear in Sydney at Her Majesty's Theatre. It is announced that Mr. George Bignold's last ten nights will be devoted to the representation of 44 lii the Banks." It is to be regretted that up to the present time the truly magnificent performances given at the Princess' Theatre have certaiuiy not received adequate support from . the public. The gifted manager himself has by his perfect impersonation of widely different Characters and. Hi most careful, elaborate, and c&Stly; preparations deserved far better luck than has attended his efforts. HinDON Chambens has turned his b&ek; ubdn btisbrangfers Jikfe. Captain Swift, lovers of other mcpTs wives like Julian. Cross, and profligates like 'the Honourable Herbert, and bafe written b fehfirming find felcgaht iitile pure and pretiy as -ah untouched daisy. The gate is Ifeften, that a dismissed 6weet- beirt teay take it as a feign that he is forgiven. He do6s not see _ it jfor twenty yeete. When he doe! see it he understands it, h&ppily;, and after twenty years all ends wcii. It nefed not be.saiS that Mre.. Broach is pfeifcct as life lonely but lovely oid maid, but no one expected that Mr. Brougb could be as he is, remarkably effective as the k>fe« In the "GrfeV Mare,1' Messrs. Sims and Baleigh have t&ken; thfe ojd French comedy Lis Pities tie Movchi, wfeli-kh&tffi; here as a "Scrfep.of Paper," and liavfe thhied it into a yfejy hfe&t; Cidplfeasfltit play, which is beauti fully acted hy Messrs. Boueicauti, Brough, Tiiheradgfe, Ward, fend Fabert, Mrs. Brougb, Miss Tehiple, and the rest. TbeJcatureof the piece ia tbe forcible performance of a household fiend, a jealous, suspicious, deceitful, conscienceless virago by Miss Templfe. This young lady is so accustomed id play bread and butter misses that it is qnite.cn arming Jo sefe her a6 a spitfire. She tnakes the xbost formidable persbnage that evfef frOred trhltegown, find her performance will cause many fin unsuspecting bachelor to reflect tipoti tn4 frequency with whioh the gentle Naomi TAghe dfevclopfes iiito the awfe- rnlmfiim Jmitt Mfiiwell. ?fim"Ure8i BtSfiea" u now foily.six years1 old, having been first played in I84G K& one of . tfie original cafet ia alive. Mrs- Yatw, the original Geraldine. Madamb Gelerte, the original Miami, .dud Ufb JTifs TVilliflvn.' <4iJ» nviAinal VaIIv O'Uh.1 job'e. , .. GbHfe, iiJtj, art Idles, Webster! I Bedford, Wright, O. Smith, and tbe rest, and so it thfe author Bncksttfftfe, who fiifed in alfaihohses hi hiiflsfelf bad founded. Bui the dreiiia itlf ltvfefe and thrives, And <diew a good house it the Alexandra oh Saturday, when MiSS Hftriqn Willis played Miami very well indeed. - _ . . - Crouch, who ' wrote " Kathleen Ma- vourneen.'V is still Bring, old and poor, in Philadelphia. Mrtu KxNiuji is playing "Jane" feuccees- fully in Sydney. She might do worse thftu play it here. Feed. Bibcocks as to have a well-deserved benefit this afternoon -at the Gatrick Theatre. Clobi Mebtvale has reappeared on the stage, in Sydney, as Dorothy. In the present do&Hh; of first-class singers she should bfe a welcome addition tb the com pany. r . i ayr. uufe hiusic hallfe have been doing well lately, and Dan Tzacey, who has found thfe Gaiety Theatre bete remunerative, has tifefen tb| HMety Theatre in Sydney also, where his Vaudeville Iroupe are playing to knbc&ahiin;, undeierirod by their last failure, are hard at work on a new xiantiofii drama lor the Adeiphic. FnxeEBALD Bbob.1 Oircus is tiATfeUing wowid a&d; doing good hogine&a.; 