TBLE PROCEEDINGS OF THE PLATYPUS CLUB. [Edited by Pesgdis.] The members alw;t ; s huve a great and glorious time when ihuy dine with the Doctor, remarked .Iu!.i» ;n he placed my soud before me. U11 W'eilnescLiv eveniiisr they met at his house, hikI as he is a perfect host the proceedings were most agreeable. The Doctor has the faculty of drawing his guests out in a remarkable degree. Each one mvu'.s to consider it a requirement that he should justify his presence by reciprocating in the mentiil entertainment as far as he able. There are no shyness, no self-depreciation, no suspicious distrust of each other's sincerity — no *k uncom fortableness' as I might say— on such occasions. Every one is en rapport with his surroundings. The man who can produce this delightful condition of mind in his guests is a rarity : bat he does exist, and we hare a splendid specimen of him in the Doctor. Ail the members of the club iivere nresent. After diuner there was some witty crossing of blades, with a good deal of light humour, fleecy and sweet as the snowHake on trifle pudding ; and anon the conversation got more satisfying, and yet retained a due appreciation of the beautiful withal— to follow the simile and quote Gilbert I might say it reminded one of the tender bloom on cold gravy. And then, as the fragrant, rosy wine went round, the company became more mellow, and arrived at poetry. I think, despite their individual dissimilarity of intellect, the members are all poets at heart, and I discovered that a larger number of them thumb the seraphic lyre of Apollo than I had suspected of doing so. Somehow I fancy that Jubb writes verses himself. I said nothing, but listened attentively to the continuation of his narrative. The Lawyer asked the Doctor to read them a sonnet of his own, which he (the Lawyer) had heard of trom a young lady. The Doctor at once cheerfully complied, and gave the following : — O.v Burmsg a Letter. Above the taper's pyramid of light I hold her farewell lines, and see the teeth Of flame gnaw inward from the marge. Beneith A host of sooty rlafees— a sorry su;ht — Droop sadly down. I watch their noiseless flight As they sink wrinkled on ths cold, bare ground, A heap of cinders dead, a dreary mound, Whilst I sit lonely in the sUent night. In ashes black shrinks up my once warm heirt; The joys of life are gone, the woes remain. In vain I seek for comfort from above. Bat In! between my finger- tips a part O£ her last tearful note I still retain, Half-scorched, bat bearing still the words, 'I love.' The members discussed this for some minutes, and the talk passed on to the sonnets of Wordsworth, whose power seems to grow with study, and to those of Shakspeare, whose divino music lingers upon us like a spell. The change from the narrative of the first octave to the subdued, sad key of the concluding sestette in the Doctor's attempt brought up quotations from Leigh Hunt. The Doctor read his lines with great feeliug. I'm half inclined to think it means more than a mere bit of literary gymnastics to him. The 'Wanderer evidently thought the sentimental element required a cor rective, and therefore he volunteered to read a little thing he Lad knocked to ^jther during a dull hour in Melbourne 1-ist week. He called it Aixowixr; for Tire Wixd. (X Topical Song.) ' Yon have not allowed for the wind, Hubart,' xud Locksley, 'or that had been a better shot.'— Ivanhoe, Chap, jriii. When bold Bobin Ifooil roamed in merry Sherwood, Hi- quiver and bow sliiug behind. Hit nrcher skill trying he'd sho -f. a tmck riving, Because he allowed for the wind, The wind; He alwars allowed for the wind. If you'd Journey throuah life without worrv or strife This maxim keep strictly in mind— In every transaction be warv in action, And always allow for the wind, The wind; Be sure you allow for the wind. Landbooniers moke sure they'll big fortunes secara When in Syndicates they po ic blind; How their foolish hopes dwindle when, buag goes the swindle! They didn't allow for the wind, The wind; They wouldn't allow for the wind There are magical pi'-ls to cure all human His (Made of gamboge and breadcrumbs combined); Your quack makes no mull in the fine art of gulling ; He knows how CO allow for the wind, The wind; Very largely allows for the wind. If the girl yon win has, they say, lots of tin, By all means have the settlements signed; But keep the wife's dower within her own power — She'll be sure to allow for the wind, The wind; You won't need to allow for the wind. If the piece you're in draw3, to win public applause You sometimes to sag are inclined; Don't strike out too wildly, but just draw it mildly; Good, actors allow for the wind, The wind; Watch the house and allow for the wind. There's Jimmy Munro, great financier we know, To leave a big suiplus d- ij. j- :L He slid, ' You can'c miss it;' but Ber./s deficit Shows Jim don't aUow for t'ie wind, Thew.'nd; Jim seldom allows for the w* id. Sit Graham the Kni-ht's : 1 a tsi.'ble plvjht; A nvMion he wants, and can't find; All day Ion? he racks bjs noor br_rn for fresh, taxes. But can't raise, nor a'-ow for. the wild, The wind; Sir Graham can not raise the wind. ?\\\ ne. -whisky, aud beer, he ha3 made them so dear Inat cold water we drirlc when we've dined. He saj j we don't jiiuilge it to makeup his Budget To cir«Hi anil allow for the wind. Thevlnd; To aid Berry in raising the wind. If you'd journey through l!*e without worry or sUife ThU luar'm keep strictly in ni'ml — In eveiy transaction be wary in action, Ana always aJ'ow for the « ind, Thew Intl; And always allow for the wind. The Wanderer's effort started a chat on Music Hall songs, and several lively remi niscences of evenings at the Pavilion, the Criterion, the Aquarium, and other haunts of bygone days were supplied. It tran spired, that two songs which were popular in London a few years ago were written by a member of the Club. The Poet next gave the following : — SMOKE. Puff! puff; And the smoke from my pipe forms a cTond, As it curls in the air. And encircles my chair, It looks like a newly- spun shroud. The lingering traces Form mystical faces. Lit up by the fire's ruddy glow, And images faint. Of forms fair and quaint. Which dissolve in the air as they go. Puff ! puff t And my fancy roils on like the smoko, Ever flitting and roaming Like bats in the ^'anrirur. Fresh fancies the dying invoke. There are spectres, and ghosts, And goblins in host--. There are faces from ont the dim post, There are fairies, and elves. And devils themselves. Each hurrying after the last. Puff I puff! Whilst the embers burn low ia the grate. And still never heeding Each fancy succeeding, I note not the hoar getting late; Till my pipe I put by And with half-closing eye, Oae last face iu the smoke I can see ; And for ever and aye, Tho' the smoke float away, WD1 that face sadly linger near me. The Iconoclast professed a thickness of understanding about the face that lingered sadly, and asked, in a tone of well simulated innocence, whether people got delirium (remain from tobacco as well as from alcohol. He smoked away pensively, though, while the Poet was reading, and I know he felt, from experience, that the verses drew a picture of a certain, mood that most smokers are familiar with. The Naturalist next read a rhyme, which he called ' Lines to a Rabbit ; written in a Country Churchyard.' 'Grey?' asked the Professor. ' Jfo ; a kind of whitey- brown,' replied the Lawyer. ' A iuYAyard JFliitey-Broicnmtf tinge, maybe I' said the Statesman . 'Order.1' said the Doctor; and the Naturalist read this : — Lacking all the mild amusement That your weary traveller crave3, Here I find enoncb. inducement Wandering among the graves; Townships frequently are smitten With l'ompeian loneliness, And in such a case 'tis written ' Of two evils choose the less.' Down the hill the cooling breath of Morning creeps, the grass to fan. While I stroll and read the death of Brother John aud Alary Ann; And I'm half-inclined to wonder Whether, like a Queen of May, John and Mary Ann hereunder. Know I'm walking on their clay. While the speculative habit Takes the bit and hurries on, Near my feet up starts a rabbit, Like a wtaith, aud, lo ! 'tis gone. Impious beast, to bait and burrow, Heedless of the sacred dead. In this home of tears and sorrow! Maledictions on thy head! Stay! Thou art the Makers creature! I will take niy curses back. Better thou than yonder teacher, Prosing in his coat of black Of the awful Stygian river, And the nieidzTof asphodel. Where the shadowy forms for ever Hurry down tho path of hell. Mixingsulphur slag for others Is some fellows' only joy. I would not, dear friends and brothers, Bob you of such sweet employ; Bale it up in not anti ladle 1'onr it out in ghoulish g!ee Over all, from prave to cradle, But don't splash ic over me. Bunny! When I'm calmly lying Cabin'd in this last of cribs, And tfce worms are bent on trying Steeplechaser through ciy ribs. When my hopes and fears are over, All my weariness and care, If you are a careless rover On rcy grave, you're welcome there. There shall be no stone of marble Graven with flapdoodle lies; Leave it to the birds to warble Any lauding threnodies. Theirs are songs that never flatter, Ever sweet and true and glad; Over all they chirp and chatter. For we all are good and bad. These same songs will suit exactly Both my enemies and friends. Though the first may paint me blackly, Yet the Ia*t will make amend-,; These will hold that I am soaring Harp in hand through azure air, Tnose, that I'm beneath the flooring, And as hot as I can bear. You could tell me all about it. Brother John and Mary Ann, And, as I'm inclined to doubt it As a very tinpot plan, I should like to have a minute With you both, to clear it up. But your place, when once you're in it, Nfc'er again its door will dup. Each must be his own explorer Through the Valley's unknown maze; That has even been a floorer In these scientific days : But you, Mary, cannot tell me, Though you be in realms above, More than every tlotver can spell me— That our Makers name is Love. Bunny, staj ! Til softly whistle To you; we shall yet ha friends ; And this crisp and luiiky tlii.-Ue For abuse sh:di make umeiids! I'm no squatier ? But a sexton, Hidden by a thickset, shrub. Said— 'Don't be afeard you've vest 'ini, lie's a tame un from the pub!' The old waiter folded up his notes and replaced them in his pocket-book. I thanked him for the entertaining half hour I had spent, and told him that I much appreciated what I had heard. 'Are you fond of poetry, sir?' he asked. 'Yes, Jubb.' ' Really, sir 1 I have a little thing of my own here' ? I placed a graLuity in his hand, and walked absent- mindedly away. 