tTbe National Besodation. HEtD AT The MASONIC HALL, MELBOURNE, ••:•':. FEBRUARY 24, 1892. ''"^S Reprinted from "f ; 7 ."of , ^ 18^2.': The members of the National Association made tln-ir annual meeting, which was liold ls->i night in the Freem a so ns'-li al 1, the occa-ion for an imposing political demonstration, representatives . of " the Comitry party and the newly-formed Young A'ictorian Patriotic League joining lorces . villi tliem /or that purpose; ICcen interest was taken in tlic proceedings, and considerably before S o'clock the liall was crowded, both as regards the floor space and the galleries. The vice-chairman of the association, Mr. K. S. Inglis, presided in the aiisence tliroufh illness of the president, Mr. James Jlae.loosnll. He was supported by a number of gentlemen, among them being Mr. 3. B. ruTt. rs.m. M.L.A.. Mr. It. Murray Smith, Mr. James Campbell, Mr. E. tangton, Mr. £. Harper, M.L.A., Mr. L. L. Smith, M.L.A., Mr. J. M. Bruce, Mr. W. .Knox, Mr. H. lint Vr, .Mr. J.G. AV.Wiluiot, llf. JiMiller, Mr. 1). II. M'Gn'gm, Mr. W. E. Johnston, Mr. E. Jnudt. Mr. R Madden, Mr. 3. Tlnclian, Mr. A. S. Kin-. Mr. J. Oatto. Mr. C. H. liavvi. y.r. G. Cres;'". Mr. V. A. Keating, jjfe'tL Kili'.le. . ... Tlie CiiAii'.VAK said tliey m.et thnfc T.'JM as an association in conformity with llieir rule wliicb provided that the annual meeting should be held in February. Jhev had been only seven months in existence, lint the council of the iass'ofciatinn had wisely determined that, in- £te.i'i of having a mere - formal meeting- for liie presentation of a report, they would invite some of the most promment~polit:cau men to give' their Views oh some : of the prominent questions which would ogitate their mimls nt the general election. (Cheers) It was bo-l>e regretted .-that their president (Mr. .lames Macdougall) was absent ihntugh illness : but lie (the chairman) felt p!"a-e<l to preside . over so large .and. in- :!nen:ial a meeting. He trusted that a fair lrar'nig would lie given to all the speakers. 'U'-'iv hear). "Hiis n time 'if importance «hin> it l(ph«fjSeil;;<e\>ar_ ,n|iir*)n'bid .Hie bAaesluf thef»loh>\\.*atheart to /take one side'or tlie other.. (Hear, hear). Hie moved tic adoption of the following report ;—'-'. • " We take this opportunity of submitting n brief report .of Uie nsbociation'e operations 5n -order to conform with our rules. Daring the association's existence a number of public meetings' have been 1icld in the suburbs to' expound our views, with - th result that uamenras branches have been established around the metropolis, aiid.at the jsanie time con. &ant; • corn*spondenoe : libs -been' kept op Willi nhe various country- districts, .where a liumber'of pamphlet^ have been issued. ^The result is ythat our cause has'taken a frood'holdin the 'provinces,- and that our:pn>gtaanoe jhas been generally adopted. .The deiiartmoiit of our opera-tjons devoted to electoral registration has done very satisfactoly work: The apathetic section ;of the public were aroused to a sense - of their duties before the time expired for the" issue of electors' lights, the result bang *Wble in the luge accession "to - the suburban rolls. Tills, combined with the. operations - of the Bolls Purification Act, will have a mariced influence in favour of the peace and progress candidates at the next flections." • • •He congratulated • the association on. tlie amount of work it had been able to do. It .bad affirmed, not only' in Alelbocnie and suburbs, but throughout the country districts, tlie desiraliility of taking •decided action at tlie coming election. (Cheers.) It had also done good work ill connection with tlie Sectoral roll. It. was surprising that so many young meii did not'take advantage of their •right to vote, but he could assure them that -when Hie new roll came oat it would be seen that there Iiad been a large accession to (lie .numbers . of manhood suffrage votes. (Cheers.) . The,, motion was , seconded by . Mr. F. "Madden, and carried unanimously. ' - EE STOEATION OF PUBLIC CBEDIT. Mr. J. B. PATTEESOS, 1LL.A-, who was received with prolonged cheers, moved the first resolution. TheyJiad totakeintoconsideration how they desired to be represented for the next three yeais; and the term of Parliament itsejf did notbyanvmeans expressorrepresent tlie influence, of that Parliament for good or ill. There might be., many sections and groups ol parties ; but, in.his .opinion,..tlie central consideration after all was that there were two.distjnct parties in this community. One ninst be regarded as tlie party of order— [hear, hear)—which, according t!o tlie laws of nature and the evidences of experience, led to national prosperity-. .(Cheers.) -The other party, by its teaqhiiig, was j ustly, entitledto be.called the party .of-^anarchy. ..(Cheers-and; interruption.) Such teachings led to national decay. {Cheers and " No, ho.") ,They r had liadnlritter experienceof the arrogance and tjTannj- of one* party—{cheers and. /'.No, no")—^which . Iiad ripened into • pablic e respect for the other, and they hid the advantage, of knowing : wbat waaVati^ed for tlife gobcL ol the commanity end wliat was not wanted.: Now . was the tjme to speak biit plainly^ and' for. .public.'men to jxssert what they meant. lie conld .'point'",ont-ja few .things that, we did not want... "Vve did not want s, continuation of . toe present 'depression, nor die elevation to. political power of any set of men to increase our misfortunes. (Cheera and interrriptioiil) ; T?Te did hot .wish, to foster any fonn of terannyor bpj- cott in tlua community. i(C3aeers.)..,We did not want to confiscate other f people's earnings and shirk liabilityonrselree. (Clieers.) We did not want to increase the voting power of the. metropolis aha.cripple the country districts." (Cheers.) We' would do our best to avoid the calamity of hahditig over tlie.government ot this lxiautifal county to a commhhistic crowd who were howling nlxmt fiie streets. (Prolonged cheenng.1 That was very plain speaking—remarkably plain speaking. -(Hear, . hear.). . Now ., he wished to speak of some things we did .want Wo wanted to rtstore prospentyjntbis pommnnilj', and to pay our-.way with' bur,.own money. (Cheers.) . We were resolved ...to maintain order, and .to uphold constitutional authority ^any cost. .'(Cheers.) ' We wanted to encourage the investment of capital, so that onr great resources might be develop^ and jour products increased; Thecall list, as agmnst that .of the dividends, WBS an iLdmirable lesson to those' who desired to drive capital out of the country. They all wanteJ employment to be plentifnl and proSiable jn every branch of industry, and they.looked to priial^ehteiprise as the fotmdationof success. ' (Cheers.) He inight jBay further— although he trusted his friend, MtBhiela, would not be offended—that; mey. .wanted a Coremment .with a"policy imd with, the courage to proclaim that polity without procrastination. (Cheers.) And having .proclaimed that policj", a Government 'was wanted with trackbone to cany it orifc : .We had had -no Government in ' this Vxraiitty since the first week in January, and now ; the Premier, it was authoritatively stated, 1 would make no epeecli until the 19th March. That was flouting die community. -Close On the day of tlie general election we knew nothing of the policy of the men in' powers .> , • .. ! ••• ' and tfirrefAretlie aHi'rr parties had to make up a polfe'outside tlru Government, nnd-tliat was radically unconstitutional. (Clu- or^) He had given tliem somelhing like what he colled his confession of faith, and lie regarded that nutting as something like a triple alliance to give a guarantee of pence audjsecnritfJortheiutiire^ (Cliceis.) Jn the ^Kfettiw before Trim there wep;old heads viikii-Kiid - experience, the Victorior patriotic.. .— . . The conntiy party were tlie practical party of progress in tliis 00011:15". "1 hey desired to foster and encourage agricultural an J Horticultural, mining, and niiinufactnnng industries to Iteutmost, and if it was desired to gain the(ffiE.upr.ofjt]>e farmer it_would be necessaryTo n-coguise his claims ami treat him justly in matters both of legislation and administration. (Cheers.) .lhe Notional Association inscribed on its banner the \ronls dear to the Kritish race everywhere, viiL " Freedom and Personal Liberty." (Cliecre.) The Young Victorian Patriotic party unfurled tlie Hag of patriotism. «itli patriotism tlie progress of these rolonies need know no bounds. With these three sections or parties combined for good, what advancement we won Id have here! And if united to resist the poisonedMooirines lieing taught—the deadening intlnciice of which was not known to those who pn«cril>ed the poison—these iYparties/do'oinsolidated,could take into their : ranks men from, every;walk of life. A great deal had liecn said about the " one man one vote." it'ran trippingly on tlie tongue like • theprettle «fthe parrot, uild a great many • iwere caught bv ithe music who knew nothing ...aboutthe qiattrr. As the result of one vote 1 we had .these hard-working lalionring men 'like hislogical frii'iid Hr. Trenwltli in l'arlia- -itient,' the muff Mr.' Hancock, and the spruce ''and kind-hearted Mr. Maloney.' (Laughter.) ; i Aricl' yet round the city ot Melbourne and "the Suburbs from the.lips of these men who were' continually clamouring, for one man •onevote^e had many other vain conceits. 'Thething itself was not so very l«d at the " Proper time,'but it came, like Hamlet's ghost, in such ^questionable shape that we had "only to'speak-to it, and, depend upon it, it '.Would ^vanish away. If ever there was_ a "time when 'we were called upon in tlie interests" 6f this colony to put our minds together, to put the national train on .'patriotic rails, that time was now, and the 'coming strn^gle would not lie the end but "-tlielieginriing. (Cheers.) The general elections' would' introduce into Parliament a "-liunilier iit young men, a numberof new men, • and lie ttnsted .to see a higher and nobler •political life, liecausp we hod lieen drifting ainl drifting, and men had Ijecome indifferent -t o Hie great* interests of die colony, till at last we begaii'l to look to some hero, or some patent nietlicine, for rescue. That was a re- 'Jlectioh tipon our common sense, lie felt Iconvinced that if they presented themselves 'before the public under tlie standard of pro- ,eress, friedom^and lil>erty and if the three •parties'. Combined, the public would not be appealed lo in' .vain. He was glad to see this 'Inljre 'gathering, lie'was glad tliat public Reeling was aroused. In France and other <jirt)'ntries the great charge was that the best •men did pot come forward. Those men were 'akhataed uiface a matter of this kind, which "was liota Istmple matter. Tliese men did not Tare*'to'.present themselves liefore public criticism. - lie was pleased and delighted to W'"present at this great gathering, and he hnd .mfich pleasure in submitting the following-resolution :— .'**iThai.,Uiis meeting rrsanls it as imperative for restoration t of industrial prosperity that the credit fhe. colony aboald be strengthened, and .niUi£hie object advocates eocfa increased taxation, jcgopted.prith geneta! Ktzcndiment, as will place the ^jnan'ceB.-on a thoroughly sound basis and Justify -a:-moderate' expenditure 00 reproductive public (OhcetS.) ' = ; • _ Mr. R. M c r e a t S m i t h , who was received with cheers, seconded tlie resolution. Mr. Patterson had dealt so broadly and comprehensively with the general question involved in the foundation and progress of the National Association that he proposed, in following that gentleman, to address himself cliieHy to the financial details of the resolution, which appeared to him to be a series of pretty well mdisputablefiropositions. He supposed no one would deny that credit was absolutely necessary for the progress of any new country. In proportion as the natural resources of any new country were great, and in proportion to the energy and activity of its inhabitants, was the necessity for appealing to older countries for a supply of that necessary capital without which these resources could not be utilised or that energy demonstrated. Itwasdesiraliletliattliatsupply of capital should be judicious, constant, and lilieral. With regard to tlie judiciousness of that supply Sir Graham Berry in his remarks the other day seemed to think that the English capitalist was to some extent responsible for our present situation, -inasmuch as he had almost forced on Sir Graham, when Agent-General, rather more money than he wanted. That capital had been lent to us with the implied obligation that we should use it wisely and well, and if we failed to do so the fault was not with tlie English capitalist—the fault was our own. With regard to the liberality and constancy of the supply we had hud nothing to complain of up to the present moment. On the 1st of January, 1SS3. tlie debt of this colony was £22,000,000; it was now, or was on. the 1st of January, 1892, £43,COO,000. So that in Government capital alone we had derived from the mother country in the short space of nine years £22,600,000. In addition to that—he took no account of the Treasury bills which were to be negotiated—according to Mr. Hayter's statistics the borrowing of the various public and municipal bodies amounted to £6.000,000, and he thought it would be a very moderate estimate indeed to take the private borrowings as equivalent to that, which made up a total of about £34,000.000, which during nine years the colony had received from tlie mother country. This no doubt was responsible for two evils— firstly, the excessive land speculation, and secondly and more important, the gigantic and reckless expenditure to which our apparent prosperity had tempted the Government. The expenditure of 1SS7-8 was large enough, but that of tlie following year was more by half a million, and that again was topped by the expenditure of 18S9-90, which exceeded it by a million and three-quarters. As everyone knew, the reducing of expenditure was difficult, and the succeeding Treasurer had been forced into an expenditure which landed the colony last year in a deficit of over £200,000, which, if increased by unrecouped advances, would amount to over £700,000. Under these circumstances it was not surprising if our credit had rather waned; but what, it must be asked, had we done with this mass of money? Much of it. he feared, had been wasted. (Hear, hear.) Railways had been made, as he had heard it said, starting from a publichonse and ending in a swamp, public works undertaken which served no useful purpose, and, as regarded private ture,- palatial houses and ronrmm V 4 - built for which there were 110 wonder, therefore, our credit had snfflLi tlie extent shown b.v the late j General recently when lie etfled tion to the fact that our 31 S SOfJ ' debentures floated at 103 were now Jrni,"? able at 91, a loss of 12 per wmV^ meant of course that in every roiliim might borrow now we should lose ctmL? with that operation, £120,000' juS: instance was furnished by the city oiw? bourne loan, which during the earh„?,, of his own term as Agent-Geneiii* floated at 101 gross, or Mill net Metropolitan Hoard of Wurks at presort unable to float a loan of exactly the amount at any reasonable rate. The ooeS was what steps were now to be taken, W® credit was absolutely necessnty to tH we were to go on progressing. Th, 1* step that must occur to everyone «< trenchment—the setting of our "ananas,i an equilibrium, and making income anj« penditurc balance. Nothing produced stronger and more direct effect mx. financiers of Great Britain than an eaoS tion of the public balance-sheets veni year. When they saw that a conntrr attending' to its financial business'2 making its ledger balance, itscreihsj/r garded as safe, and they hastened to etitn, their gigantic, savings to the coa* of that country. Therefore, men of j sides would agree that die first ti® necessary to be done was to adjoSoS finances. That, however, conld notbed» to any large extent by retrenchment £ trenchment hastily carried oat va t» an unmixed good. It was certain to info considerable hardship and injustice, udg, die least evil of the previous reckless a travagance was that it rendered the backward so difficult. The gaps mostt£v fore be tilled np mainly by new taxation. 6 himself, thank goodness, was notTrasu: of the country, and did not enty pootm Shiels his task. That gentleman *onU, doubt find some means of bridging ore a gap, but this after all would only aung to temporary relief. We must turn on* tention to the development of our indnsoj; resources, especially to our export lmaas (Cheers.) Years ago, both in swakinju writing, he pointed out the extraordinaryd* crepancy between our imports andeipn In 1890 the imports were £9,000,000 m* than the exports, and though last Tenth difference was lessened to about £6,(W,i, we had not yet as regarded our expanse back to the level of 1SS0. We alisolntdjo ported from this colony more in 1880 thus 1S91. Considering the increased poimlam the enormously increased expenditure, of the sums lavished upon us by the note country, was not this an extraorik? and unsatisfactory state of things to erfrvg in the community ? (Hear, hear.) To pv duce the change desired we must par tion strictly to reproductive work, and,i!i corollary, abandon nnreproductive woi 1 was no nse digging holes and filling tie up apain. -The subject was a difficult ® and in this connection he must allnde toii unemployed problem. If we could sliq make certain of full work and Ira wages this would be a paradise h the working man and everyone da (A Voice.— What do you do for alin^!' He could only say that he fancied k worked quite as hard as, if not a little birfe than, the author oi that interjection. (Chn and laughter.) An extraordinary errorra of these men made was that no one wrats with any honour at all, no matter vhati man did, whether he worked with his hoi or his hands, unless he belonged to & sacred ranks of those injudiciously in! falsely called the labouring classes. (Chem It would be a good thing if the working mn could receive good employment at wages, and he fully recognised the respond bility which the Government had to under? ataperiodlikethiSjbecausetheGovermcntm arnialwavslKi.tWn, the lareest employer of hliwur i" the country. The Government : tliedifficult situation and do their, "ft lessen the depnas.onwh.eli previous, ' V.mcc had caused. It, might he vco" h ,r ion'Mr. Shiels aiul Mr. Munro to have to .„'«•«• for the sins of their predecessors, but ,T^rnmnit w;M continuous, and must ^"^nsiuiitH.*. H,c 1,elpot fioveniment omUl only lie temporary, ;„,1 must ouiiSnud in the narrowest poss1 c limits, and brought to an end as soon nViwssil'le. All classes were in the same U,at ->n'l suffering alike. There had ™ no rivsscs amongst them, who to" not listened to the siren .voices. i lie land boom, and had not found as a result an attenuated income and unsattsfac- [oS hank balance. (Cheers and laughter.) The wage-eaniinc class could not expert to free from the -depression. The waffs had " .„ temporarily — only temporarily they Iwiwd depleted. If the same rate of wages ',,',. k,,pt up, it must be dmded amongst tlie sninllcr number, or if among tile larger number, the rote of wages must be reduced. Ill thev could do was to try to get rid of the rfenivsiion as soon as possible, and take care tint it did not occur again. W ithout having , P sliL-l.test wish to question the sin- „!ritv or earnestness of the labour le-iileis he said that it was bccause lli'ev did not appreciate or understand the nuwrtant fact he had just mentioned, ",„'l because the objects they aimed at were i„ nossible, and Iwcause any attempt at their Ilisation would be very damaging to the sifitr—it was for these reasons lie felt bound o,i thp present occasion, as he had donemany ., ti,„e l>el'ore, to urge a strenuous and united fniiKtsitioii to those 1-ilKiur leaders. (Cheers.) Tlie realisation of their aims would lie more disastrous even to the wage earners tliem- X s than defeat would be. Their defeat would conduce to the advantage of tlie state at l.ir-e and to their own class in particular. Cheers and " No, No.") He earnestly asked all who thought wiili him to lav aside all minor considerations m the coming contest. Every one of them had some particular predilection or particular dislike; but let them set aside all minor considerations "and address themselves to tlie task which would tax their energies to tlie utmost, of restoring Peace, progress, and prosperity to tlie country to which we belonged. (Cheers.) He trusted tlie opposi- tion would lie strenuous, and he welcomed, as Mr. Patterson liail done, the great assistance which the Young Victorian Patriotic Association ,vas al.out to render to the cause „f law, onler, and progress. (Cheers.) Ue hoped the league would go on and prosper, possessed ot youth, enthusiasm, enei®-, and ot education, which would rightly guide that enthusiasm and energy; and they could commit Victoria with conhdence to tlie help and guidance ot that patriotic association. (Cheers.) He wished before sitting down to *-iy a few words to that vers- large class of decent orderly people who professed not to understand politics, who went their own road and paid t'leir own wav, olid whose political aspirations were limited, like Mr. Pickwicks, to shouting with the crowd, and, if there were two crowds, with tlie larger. (Cheers). The ti ne was past for that sort of tiling. .They could no longer halt lietween two opinions^ It was not sufficient to mean w»ll b} tUeir country, if they never carried out tiiat meanin- in anv possible direction Their opponents, aid rightly too, took the trouble to Set votes. All ought to make up their minds for one side or the other. The gemsal population of the country was thoroughly in favour of progress and order; and if they acted unitedly he felt certain they would 1»e successful, and their victory would be lieiielicial, iiotonlyorcliielly to themselves, liut to everv man, !«• his opinions what they might, who was interested in the progress and prosperity of tlie colony. (Cheers.) The resolution was carried almost unanimously. 