Presbytery of the Hunter. This Presbytery met in the Presbyterian Church, West Maitland, on the forenoon of Wednesday last. .Sederunt: Rev. A. Jennings, Moderator; Eev. W. Bain, Clerk ; the Very Bev. the Moderator of the Assembly, Dr. White ; Rev. J. Benvie, Rev. J. S. Laing, Rev. J. Lamont, and Messrs. Brown» Gardiner, Scott, Paterson, and the representative from Muswellbrook, elders. The Rev. J. Miller, a member of the Presbytery of Sydney, being present was associated according to custom. The Rev. J. W. Davies, Weet Maitland, was elected Moderator during the current six months. The case of the trustees of Presbyterian property at Paterson was considered and disposed of. A petition from the congregation at Wallsend now without a fixed minister- praying for modera- tion in a call to a minister, waBlaid upon the table. The prayer of the petition was granted, and ar- rangements made for meeting the congregation with a view to giving a call to a minister. The report of the committee on the "Presby terianRecord," a small periodical published under the authority of the Presbytery, was read and received. A motion to the effect that the commit- tee be discharged, was unanimously adopted. The practical effect of thiB motion is that the periodical shall be discontinued. This saved the discussion of a motion by a member " That the words on the title page ' published under the authority of the Presbytery of the Hunter,' be in future omitted." The consideration of the proposed new Temporali- ties Act was transferred to next ordinary meeting, when it was hoped copies would be in the hands of the members. Reports were given in on the Week of Self denial. The rules of the Aged and Infirm Distress Fund were adopted. A motion for the next meeting, calling the atten- tion of the directors of the Presbyterian newspaper to its interference in the matter of the adherents of the congregation at Wallsend, was handed to the Clerk. Presbytery, after sitting from 10.30 till 1.3C, adjourned to meet at Hamilton on the third Wed- nesday of August. MEETING IK THE PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH. The Presbytery, at previous meetings, considered whether an evening meeting might bo found useful, conducted by members who had been present during the day of meeting of the Presbytery. This evening meeting would not be a meeting of Presbytery, though conducted by its members. The Rev. J. Benvie, at a previous meeting, was in- structed to make arrangements for such a meeting at West Maitland. The evening was very un- favourable, and friends prophesied a failure j but, notwithstanding the wet evening, a large number of people attended. The subject chosen was not one which could be expected to draw together members of the general public. It waa one which, however, would tend to deepen the spiritual life on the part of thoBe who made the question personal and practical. After the meeting had been opened by singing a psalm and prayer by the Rev. J. Lamont, the Rev. J. Benvie introduced the subject for the evening, " The work of the Holy Spirit in the Christian Church." The church was not the product of mere humanity. It was not like other systems, a humanism. The Christian man was the work of God. There were times in the history of the Church and the world, when certain truths required to be emphasised. Men did not obqp them. They were familiar with them, even professed to believe and be influenced by them, yet practically they ignored them. He was afraid lost this should be said of the church of.the present in reference to the great truth and fact that God Himself was the creator of the Church-that Church found in all denominations. He feared lest the chasm be- tween the Church and the world* should widen. The remedy lay in the presence and power of God, not in mere extarnalism. He then gave an outline of the division of the subject, which could not be fully considered, owing to the unaccountable absence of two members of Presbytery : 1. The work of the Holy Spirit in convincing a man of his sin and leading bim «to Christ. 2. His work in regeneration and sanctification. 3. Evidence of the withdrawing or withholding His work. 4 Evidence of His presence ano! power. 5_ How men resist His work. The first point was in- troduced by the speaker, when the following lines of thought were indicated: The work of God in convincing a man of his sin; the difference between His work and the work of natural conscience ; the terminus of the work of the spirit and the work of natural conscience : the one led to Christ and the 'other left the man very much as he had always been. The experience of every man was not alike ; and therefore the practical question was not whether a man had been properly convinced of sin, bub whether he bad found Christ. The Very Bev. the Moderator of the General Assembly, Dr. White, introduced the second point : the work of God in regeneration and sanctification. "Ye must be bom again" formed the basis of his address. The indwelling of the Divine Spirit pre- pared a man for serving God on earth, and gave him a fitness for the presence and enjoyment of God hereafter. Regeneration effected a mighty I change in the human soul; and the work of sanctification, being continuous, purified and elevated all the mental and moral powers of man, i The doctor dwelt specially on the change of mind, its progressive power, and its necessity. Prayer was then specially offered for the mani- festation of God in the work of conversion and sanctification, for all who profess ts be and call themselves Christians, for a spirit of love and unity, and that che prayer of Christ Himself might be fulfilled-'That they all may be one." The Bev. Mr. Bain introduced the third and fourth ¿oints : Evidence of the presence and absence of the Holy Spirit. He dwelt especially upon the latter, and hy inference on the former. The history of the seven Churches in Asia afforded the root ideas on the. subject. The absence of the Spirit was manifest in the continuous increase of lukewarmness, coldness, and indifference to the great realities of sin and salvation ¡ in the increase of mere religious sensationalism ; in tho rise of externalism void of sanctifying power j in the rise of much wordliness in the Church ¡ in the prevalence of mere formality. The remedy for every evil which afflicted the Church, and for the healing of every wound, would be found in the presence and power of the Holy Spirit operating in the means of grace. The Rev. J. Benvie introduced the fifth point . How men resist and quench the Holy Spirit. He felt himself on somewhat difficult and delicate ground. Christ had spoken of a sin against the Holy Ghost. It was difficult to define that sin j and much controversy had arisen as to its nature. He did not believe one present had committed that Bin. If he had he would not be present, and would be thoroughly ' hardened in a, total antagonism and indifference towards grace and salvation. The apostle had spoken Of a " sin unto death," and a " sin not unto death." One guilty of the former appeared to be beyond the limit of prayer. The speaker then dwelt upon the principle or fact that the character of a man was gradually moving towards a terminus of unchangeable good or unchangeable evil. The law of habit was a law of our minds, according to which w e came under the power of good or evil. Every time a man resisted the suggestion or impulse to turu to God and forsake sin he weakened the power i of the suggestion or impulse. The Holy Spirit was the great origin of all intellectual and moral truth i the common light of the understanding came from Him. The speaker warned his hearers against resistance to the force of moral and spiritual truth, but they should be fonnd destitute of all conscious desire towards God and salvation. Six psalms and hymns on printed slips were sung at intervals during the evening. The singing waa sweet and simple, and fitted to draw forth the voice of the congregation. Expression in the music is never overlooked by Mr. Eldridge. The last hymn will not be forgotten. " God be with you till we meet again" will find its echo from time to time in the heartB of all who were present. , The whole service occupied about two hoars. The subject was solemn, and at the utmost removed from ordinary week night topic« ; yet we venture to say that nothing save interest and satisfaction occupied the minds of the people. Albuminuria, or Bñght'B disease, is one of the most deadly com- plaints that attack debilitated constitutions. Owing to over exertion and over consumption of nerve force, the system becomes gradually weak- ened, and relaxation Bets in. The thin membranes of the kidneys are the 'first to go ; and medical authorities state that SO per cent, of the deaths nowadays occur indirectly from Bright's disease, though the patients and their medical advisers never even suspected the presence of such a deadly foe. The function of the kidney is to separate the waste fluids from the blood, to purify it, and this process is carried on by what is termed by physiolo- gists " osmosis." In weakened systems the mem- branes become relaxed, and the albumen of the blood finds its way with the waste fluids through the kidney walls and passes from the body with the urine, the patient's health and strength thus gradually failing. Beyond the presence of albumen in the water, albuminuria has not any positive symptoms; but general weakness, which always leads to these serious disorders, always signifies its presence by special signs. You may get headache, spasmodic toothache, torturing neuralgia, pain in small of the kock, disinclination to work, heavy, ach- ing limbs on waking in the morning, bloodshot eyes* N poor appetite, or constipation. These warning symptoms must not be neglected, or as sure as a rat hole will sink a ship, so sure will the patient's life be sacrificed. The remedy indicated is Clements Tonic. This will restore all organs to a proper, healthy state, and ensure correct perform- ance of the processes of digestion, assimilation, perspiration, secretion, and elimination. Clements Tonic has a record of cures effected such asno other medicine ever secured, and we are willing to prove our representations by outside evidence. Philip Cronin, Esq., East Maitland, writes: "For the last four years andnine months I suffered greatly from nervous debility, acoorapanied with liver and kidney complaints. My water was very thick and scanty. I used three bottles of Clements Tonic, and am now completely restored to my usual vigor, can rise early in a morning and perform my work with pleasure, and was never so well before ; and the gratitude I owe Clements TOBÍO cannot be des- cribed in words, as I thought there were no hopes of my recovery,' but by the use of this remedy I feel quite a new man, and shall not trouble the doctors again." Mr. J. J. Duggan, Maitland, writes:-"I have great pleasure in testifying to the effiacy of Clements Tonic. I Buffered greatly from abuse of alcohol when at Grafton four years ago, which affected my head so mnch that I felt almost insane. The effects of Clements Tonic were wonderful, ond it is a pity so many suffer when such a noble cure is available." Thos. Farrell,. Esq , contractor, East Maitland, writes:-"I most gratefully tender my sincere thanks for the miraculous cure effected by the use of Clements Tonic. I have been suffering for thirteen years from what is commonly known as a bad back, with pains in my side and hips, caused by camping out and over exertion in lifting heavy bales of wool. I am forty and married. My wife said to me three weeks ago, ' Tom, yon seem to be declining very much. You ought to try a new doctor, or I am afraid we must soon part.' I however declined, as all the leading doctors had been consulted without , avail. She then persuaded me to try a large bottle of Clements Tonic, which I did, and now I, feel completely restored to good health, thanks to Clements Tonic. 