THE STORYTELLER Wolfenberg. By William Black. Author of 'Sunrise,' 'The Strange Adventures of a Phaeton,' ' Green Pastures,' and ' Piccadilly,' and other popular novels. Chapter XV.— A SIGNATURE. And yet, while this dark problem of life and fate was being worked out under our very eyes, it was an excellent thing that we could turn aside from time to time and forget it, and be well content with Peggy's cheerfulness, and good humoured ways, and happy enjoyment of the passing hour. She was not a person of mature years, it is true ; but she had a sharp observation and a good memory ; and she had seen something of the world and of human nature. The worst of it was that you could never tell whether she was truthfully relating her own experiences, or whether Bhe was, out of pure devilment, romanc ing ; in other words, manufacturing l**s. Who could believe, for example, that she ever saw, in the streets of Boston, Mass., U.S.A., a man stop at a shop.window and seriously proceed to set his watch by an aneroid barometer P ' You are so horribly incredulous.' she ex claimed, as she was briskly walking up and down the quarter-deck before breakfast, with an occa sional glance towards the white barracks and the domed churches of Sebastopol. ' I suppose, now, if I were to tell you of the man ? ' 'What, another one?' ' Do not interrupt,' she observes, placidly. 'This man was also absent-minded; for, being driven distracted by the irregularities of the various clocks in his native town, he sat down and wrote a letter to Greenwich Observatory, begging the people there for goodness' sake to write back and let him have the exact time. So I have been informed, at least. But I suppose you wouldn't believe that either?' ' When you lie awake in the morning, you seem to think of a good many queer people.' ' Oh, that's nothing to what I could tell you,' she remarks, with oheerful composure. ' But it's little use talking to you ; you are so suspicious. I dare say, now, you wouldn't believe me if I were to confide to you the great project that Sappho has in her mind P' ' What project?' ' Well, she is most furiously indignant — and I think naturally indignant — about the inhuman way in which bacilli are treated ; and she is de termined to get up a National Society for their Ero tec tion. She says they have as mum right to ve in the world as we nave ; and yet they are subjected to the mo«t merciless persecution — everything done to destroy them — and savagely cruel experiments made on their living bodies, without, in any recorded case, the use of anaes thetics. She is going to rouse the humaner in stincts of the people of England ; she will appeal to Parliament ? ' ' She may spare herself the trouble. Next session of Parliament is to be devoted to a bill enabling the British working man to cremate his deceased wife's sister.' ' Will you listen?' she says, imperiously. ' I can tell you, England will speak with no uncertain voice about this bacillus question. There is to be a procession of the women of London, headed by the Bishop ; and they will march to the Royal College of Surgeons, and make a demonstration there. Exeter Hall is to be hired for a month. There will be a Children's Protest against the destruction of their little playfellows ? ' ' Oh, get away ! Do you see who has just come on deck ? Now be prepared to withstand a charge of cavalry, if ever you were in your life ! ' Yet the approaching enemy has no great ferocity of outward aspect. She is a small and slender person, of elegant figure, with the gentlest of eyes and the most winning of voices. And it is with an air of truly angelic innocence and sweetness that she says : ' Why, Peggy, you've never had a chance of telling me what you thought when you were standing on the battle- field of Balaclava. It will be of the greatest interest to Sir Ewen to have you describe the appearance of the place, looking down from the Third Redoubt, you know, into the famous valley. You see, so few English visit the Crimea ; and every one wants to know whatever can be learnt about the charge of the Light Brigade ; and you had such an excellent view of the Causeway Heights and the Fiorkine Hills ? ' Then Peggy, tall, proud, indignant, thus answers : ' I will no longer be insulted. I am going to seek out Miss Penguin ! She, at least, treats me with a little humanity. And I am her confidante. Ah, if you only know what you lose by being so cynical and hard -hearted ! Why, at this very moment she is engaged on a poem ; and do you know what the refrain is P After the first line of each verse — (Pile high the blazing fire !) and at the end of each verse — (White heats of wild desire !) What do you think of that ? But you won't see it. Not a bit. Such things are shown only to people who have a little human Bympathy about them ? ' Here the bell rang ; and for a moment Peggy stood confounded and uncertain. Then, without more ado, she put her arm within the arm of that diminutive fiend, and we all went down to breakfast together. Now, whether it was that the Russian officials had revived their suspicions of us, or whether it was they had grown so fond of us that they were loth to let us go, certain it is that there was a good deal of trouble about our getting away. In deed, it was not until close on noon that the welcome vibration of the screw told us we had started on our travels again — welcome, because we had become accustomed to the continuous sound and motion, and were impatient of lying idly in harbour. Of course all were on deck now to witness our departure, as we slowly steamed out between Fort Konstantine and Quarantine Bay. And the centre and soul of our particular group seemed to be Amelie Dumaresq, who appeared to have wholly thrown aside her temper of the pre vious day, and was now abounding in complai sance. Perhaps it was to obliterate recollection of those intractable moods, or perhaps she had some ulterior motive ; at all events she was most affec tionate towards our womenfolk, and was trying to win their favour by all the arts at her com mand. Naturally, the talk was of the incidents of the previous night's ball ; and she was most enthusiastic about our Russian guests and all their manners and ways and customs. ' Do you know that that particular dance is only danced on very special occasions ?' she went on. 'Didn't you think it very quaint and pic turesque — the little spring in the air ? ' ' The Russian steppes have always been famous,' murmured Peggy, under her breath. ' And don't you think it was most considerate of our third officer to take the silver coin that was offered him?' she proceeded. 'Oh, didn't you hear ? Well, he was at the top of the accommo dation-ladder, looking after the people getting away in the boats ; and I dare say the lamp did not show his uniform very clearly ; and when the Russian officer, on leaving, handed him a franc, or the equivalent of a franc, I think Mr. ? showed great good sense and good taste in taking it and saying nothing about it. It was a harm less mistake — and — and, perhaps the Russian officer did not notice Mr, ? s' uniform ; and, surely, it was better to be considerate, and not to offend any one by a refusal — when they were our guests Then, as she was chiefly addressing our women friends, her talk drifted on to dresses and diamonds ; and nothing would do the young lady but that she must go away and fetch her own jewels, for the inspection of the curious. She was absent only a few moments ; when she returned she brought with her a rosewood casket mounted in silver, and, sitting down,, proceeded to take out tray after tray. Certainly, the encrusted masses of diamonds she now produced more than confirmed what her mother had confided to our Mrs. Threepenny-bit on the previous evening ; here indeed was a shining and superb display, even in cold daylight ; her companions, eagerly interested, looked on as Bhe revealed — with a little affectation of indifference, perhaps — these succes sive treasures. ' No, I am not satisfied with them,' she said — her eyebrows carelessly raising themselves. ' There are plenty of them ; and most of the stones are of good quality ; but the different pieces are too scattered, too dissimilar. I must have some more comprehensive design. Some day or other I will have them taken to a first-class jeweller in Paris or Vienna, and get him to draw out sketches for a general and uniform resettirg ; don't you think that would be advisable ?' Tin n she fitted in the trays again, and carried away the valuable box to her cabin. Now, when women show their jewellery to each other, it is a confidential kind of thing ; it implies intimacy ; it is as if t*iey were talkingover secrets. And so, when MisB Dumaresq returned on deck, she came back to this little circle, and resumed these friendly and familiar relations. It was quite clear that she was determined to captivate every body ; and undoubtedly she could make herself most fascinating when she chose : there was a musical quality in her laugh that it was difficult to resist. Even her mother came in for a share of her blandishments ; and we could see that the poor woman, though affecting to repel all this coaxing and flattery, was immensely pleased none the less. And Wolfenberg ? ' Ernest,' said the young lady (as if by way of complaining), ' why is it you are able to look at the bpautiful side of things, and forget that any thing else exists. I'or example, when you see a ship in full sail — in sunlight — on a blue sea — and surely there are few things more beautiful than that. — well, that is all you look at, that is all you think of ; whereas other people have to go further — they know that inside that beautiful appearance there is a hideous mass of ugliness and meanness — foul language, rum-drinking, tobacco-chewing, anger, jealousy, greed of wages, everything mer cenary and vile. You go through life with a series of exquisite visions always around you : you live in a succession of fairy palaces. It isn't fair. Why should you have such a faculty ? Why should you enjoy such immunity?' ' ' Immunity from what ?' ' said he, in his tolerant way. For he never argued with her ; he only offered suggestions — timidly watching her eyes the while for consent. ' I'm afraid, Amelie, I cannot live in a fairy palace any more than any one else. To do that you would have to be a ghost. So long as you are a human being, you have to take the very substantial knocks and buffets that human life administers— and make the best of it.' ' My dear Lady Cameron,' she went on, turn ing to her next victim, ' what a charming picture that will be of your sister when Mr. Wolfenberg has thought out some idea for it ! It is precisely the face that will lend itself to his imagination — calm, mysteiious, and thoughtful. And what beautiful eyes she has — and a dignity and repose of expression, too ; singular in one so young. Mr. Verrinder is a fortunate young man to be able to give such a commission, and to find an artist able to undertake it.' Peggy looked startled, as well she might, for this was the first she had heard of the projected sketch ; while for a second a shade of annoyance over this premature disclosure passed across Wolfenberg's grave and pensive face. But Miss Dumaresq took no heed ; she was off and away again in her airy endeavours to captivate the hearts of our small set ; but more especially, as it seemed to us, was she determined to win over the stern and uncompromising miniature despot who holds us in her iron rule. Soon we were to discover the meaning of it all. For some little time after leaving Sebastopol the lonely and desolate shores of the Chersonese are flat and uninteresting, and we had hardly looked at them ; but when you have passed the Cape and Monastery of St. Georgia, they gain in height and dignity ; and again, when you have gone by the narrow strait leading into Balaclava harbour, the (Continued on page 822 .J ' An odd kind of book for a young lady to be reading,' Mrs. Threepenny -bit observed to Wolfenberg. Crimean coast rises into a series of precipitouB cliffs that are lofty and picturesque enough, with their baxe and splintered summits and their lower slopes powdered gTeen with trees. Cold in colour was this coast, even while the sun shone along the ruddy-grey crags ; and cold in colour was the sea, because of certain thin and wandering clouds ; but, nevertheless, Miss Duma resq must needs begin to talk of the beauty of ihe Russian Riviera which we were now approaching, and of its magnificent mountains, its perfect climate, and its princely estates and residences. ' So I have heard,' said she ; 'for, of course, I have never been here myself. But don't you think,' she continued, addressing herself insidi ously to Mrs. Threepenny-bit, 'that we ought to have the assistance of Mr. Hitrovo ? As we sail along, he could tell us the names of the people who own the palaces. I have been looking at a rather antiquated map, and I see Prince . Woronzov, and General Narishkin, and Count Potocki, and the Prince of Ligne, and a great number of others ; only we ought to know if the same people are there now. And Mr. Hitrovo should be able to tell us, naturally ; and I am sure he would be so glad if he could be of any service. May I go and fetch liim?' So this was the origin and object of all her skilful flattery and fascination — to procure for him a friendly reception in that little corner of the quarter-deck usually occupied by our small circle ? Well, we could not easily decline, whether wo were interested in Prince Galitzin and Count Potocki, or whether we were not. And, to tell the ? truth, when the young Russian did come along, be seemed to be conscious of the humour of the situation ; for, as a matter of fact, he, never having been in this part of the world before, had literally nothing to tell us ; while Amelie Duma resq, anxious to retain bim, and anxious also that he should produce a favourable impression, kept plying him with questions, which he vaguely answered with a certain smiling indifference. It was Mrs. Threepenny-bit whom mostly she strove to get interested in che young man ; and ber in genious and subtle endeavours to do so were almost pathetic to witness. But Mrs. Threepenny-bit, as some of us have discovered, is a person whom it is rather difficult to cajole. ' He seems to think,' she had said on more than one occasion, 'that he has only to look at you with his wonderful eyes, and that that is enough. And I suppose it is enough — for a girl ; but for older people — no. M. Paul Hitrovo iB ? altogether too lazy, too nonchalant, too well satisfied with himself. But as for his good looks, there's no denying them ; and perhaps it is chiefly as an artist that Amelie Dumaresq worships such a beautiful young man ; for, in truth, he does not appear to take much trouble about paying court to her.' However, tbe present circumstances were quite exceptional. The small woman had but recently arrived at the conviction that there was some kind of understanding, if not an actual engagement, between these two ; and did not this transparent stratagem on the part of the young lady afford some confirmation? Accordingly, she talked to Paul Hitrovo, studying him the while ; and Amelie stood by, listening intently, and putting in clever little suggestions here and there to help him. Wolfenberg, some way apart, did not join in the conversation ; he was regarding those two younger people, and seemed plunged in a profound reverie. Miss Dumaresq did not chance to look in his direction ; she was altogether engrossed in having this deck-alliance cemented. Might not the young Russian hereafter be assumed to have be come ' one of us ?' Peggy, like Wolfenberg, was silent ; she did not approve of the intrusion of strangers. But Peggy was not silent when, a short time thereafter, she found an opportunity of separating herself from this little group. Another member of the charmed circle got up and followed her — fol- lowed her across to the rail, on which she leant with both arms folded, pretending to examine the features of the mountainous coast we were passing. 'Tell me,' she said, in an undertone and yet rapidly, ' what did Miss Dumaresq mean by talking of a portrait of Emily ? Is Mr. Wolfen berg going to paint her portrait ? And what has Mr. Verrinder to do with it ? Really, I think I ought to have been consulted in this matter. What is it all about ?' ' It isn't exactly a portrait,' one tries to ex plain to her ; 'and there has hardly been any thing done with it yet, until Wolfenberg finds a subject. It is a sketch on the deck of a ship, and your sister has kindly consented to act as a model.' ' But what has Mr. Verrinder to do with it ?' she demands. ' Why should his name be intro duced?' ' Well, the sketch is a commission. Don't you think a young man of property is very much to be commended who spends his money in buying pictures ? It is not a common form of extrava gance nowadays.' 'I know this,' she says, with a certain severity, ' that Mr. Verrinder is going about a great deai too much with Emily. And it isn't fair on his part. I won't have it. What does she know about such things ? She is too amiable to repel his attentions, even if she understood them ; but she . doesn't understand them ; she is too young ; she is a mere child.' ' Children of 18, especially when they are of the female kind, sometimes understand more than you might imagine.' ' But Emily ! ' she says. ' Who could associate her with secret interviews and stolen glances ?' ' Or missing the battlefield of Balaclava?' 'It's all very well,' she goes on, unheeding; ' but I will not have the Baby's innocence im posed upon. Tears and years hence she may begin to think of such things ; and even then I don't believe Bhe will ; she is much too serious-minded to encourage any young man. If you had studied ber character as thoroughly as I have, you would know how entirely different she is from other girls of her age ; and no one would be more shocked and indignant than herself at the idea that she was likely to fall into any such entanglement. And so Mr. Verrinder will have to learn to efface himself a little, and retire into the background.' She would probably have continued this subject, about which it was clear her mind was consider ably concerned, but that those other people now left their places, and also came over to the rail. jFor we were approaching that part of the coast, from Alupka onwards, where the Russian nobility have their seaside residences ; and some of these looked very imposing, amid hanging gardens and abundant foliage, with the vast limestone cliffs towering behind. Amelie Dumaresq, no longer doubtful of the success of her scheme, was in the very gayest of spirit®, chattering to everybody at once, and making cruel sport of Hitrovo's in difference and his ignorance of his native land. 'Why, you knew you were coming to the Crimea, did you not?' she went on to say. ' Oh, yes, I suppose so,' he answered her. ' I had no special wish, however.' ' You simply came on board, and let them take you wherever they pleased?' said she. ' That is about it,' he responded, inattentively, looking towards the shore. ' Well, you are the most extraordinary per son !' she exclaimed, with a familiarity of tone and address of which she was herself perhaps un conscious. ?' Will you allow me to inform you that over there, amongst those trees, is the Palace of your Emperor?' ' Oh, really ! ' he said, without much concern. ' That is Livadia, then?' 'And you not to know!' she cried, with her merry black eyes laughing at him. ' At all events, when we get into Yalta, you must come ashore with us and show us that at least you can speak a little of your own language.' She turned to Mrs. Threepenny-bit, and said to her, with a pretty expression of innocence, ' I had always under stood that French would serve you everywhere in Russia ; but it didn't do so in Sebastopol, did it? However, it will be all right if Mr. Hitrovo goes a«hore witli us at Yalta, won't it 'r And it will be so much more convenient if we make one party ; don't you think so ?' The smaller woman did not answer. She had been trapped and tricked into this arrangement, she hardly knew how. But there still remained to her the alternative of politely declining to go ashore at all. Yalta now lay right ahead of us ; we were slowly steaming into the spacious bay. And if the cold colour of the Russian Riviera had some what disappointed us, we had at least to confess that the situation and aspect of this remote little watering-place were very beautiful indeed. The background a range of mighty mountains, grey and ruddy grey in their sterile altitudes, but darker where the far-extending forests hung along their precipitous slopes ; at their base a series of lower hills smothered in deep green vegetation ; here and there, among tbe vines, and figs, and cypress, a red-tiled Swiss-looking chalet, with projecting roofs and verandahs ; perched on one of these wooded heights, a pretty little white domed church, with its gold crosses glittering in the sun ; then down by the beach a long and straggling settlement of houses and bathing establishments, many of the former surrounded with gardens. Altogether, a fresh, bright, cheer ful-looking place, snugly nestled under that gigantic mountainous rampart, and rejoicing in a luxuriance of verdure that was doubly welcome to the eye after the arid wastes and plains of the Chersonese. But as for going ashore ? Hardly had the sullen thunder of the anchor-chain echoed through the silence of this open bay when Amelie Dumaresq, all eagerness and joyousness, came hurrying along, bringing with her her mother and also her captured Russian ; and it was clear she meant to carry us off with her in the very first boat. But Mrs. Threepenny-bit hung back a little. She glanced towards Wolfenberg. ' Do you think it is worth while,' she said to him, ' so late in the afternoon ? We shall have the whole of to-morrow to wander about. And a place like this always looks best from the ship : you spoil it by landing.' She turned to the young lady. ' No, thank you ; I think we will wait till to-morrow.' ' You are the laziest people !' Miss Dumaresq cried, laughing. ' Come along, Mimsey ! ' And therewith she got her mother safely down the accommodation-ladder and into the boat ; and presently they were on their way to the distant landing-place, across the slow-heaving and pel lucid green water. Mrs. Threepenny-bit again turned to Wolfen berg ; he had been leaning on the rail, absently watching the embarkation. ' It is a wonderful thing to have youth,' he said, ' and a quick and warm pulse, and a vivid and eager enjoyment of even the veriest trifles. But in her case it may deceive you. She has the faculty of being so entirely absorbed in what is immediately around her, her wayward moods and impulses are so real to her at the time, that you might think she had abandoned other and far more important ideas or interests which, as a matter of fact, she has not abandoned at all.' ''Oats-pease-beans,' for example?' she said, with a smile. ' Miss Dumaresq was extraor dinarily enthusiastic about that subject — for the Bpace of half -an- hour or so !' ' I should not at all be surprised,' said he, gravely, if she were suddenly to take that up, when there was a proper opportunity, of course, and so concentrate herself upon it that she would put aside this voyage and all its circumstances as a matter hardly even to ba remembered. Her mind is curiously tenacious of certain things : you never can tell when she may dismiss her present interests as insignificant, and revert to deeply - cherished purposes and ambitions. At any instant she might brush aside these temporary pre occupations and show you her true self.' Was he still, then (the small woman might have asked herself), fondly hoping for a resumption of his old relationship with Amelie in spite of all that had happened during these last two or three days ? But at this moment an apparently trivial incident occurred that entirely changed the current of her speculations. We were idly walk ing up and down the after part of the deck, past the now vacated chairs. On one of these, which had 'A. D.' stamped on the back, a paper covered volume had' been left ; and Wolfenberg, pausing for a second, took it up in his hands. The title outside was ' Memoires du General de Marbot. I. Genes — Austerlitz— Eylau.' ' An odd kind of book for a young lady to be reading,' Miss Threepenny-bit observed. ' She is masculine in her literary tastes,' he said, simply. ' And I hear from her that the author describes certain episodes in his military career with extraordinary force and vividness; and also that he does not scruple about revealing the hideous horrors and sufferings of a campaign. That is no doubt what recommended the book to Amelie — she likes the downright truth ? ' He was thoughtlessly turning over the pages. But of a sudden he stopped— stared blanHy for a second — then abruptly he closed the volume again, and put it down as though he had found some poisonous thing there. His lips had quickly grown colourless ; he seemed bewildered ; for an instant or two he appeared hardly to know where he was. This emotion, which was only too evident, his immediate companion affected not to perceive ; without attempting to disturb or distract him by talking she merely resumed that negligent stroll up and down which had been thus casually in terrupted. Wc were to hear more of this occur rence later on. Au the dusk fell, the people came back to the ship ; while ashore, the lofty mountains were gradually deepening in gloom ; and in the town small dots of yellow fire had already become visible. Out to sea, on the other hand, masses of lowering purple cloud had gathered along the southern horizon ; and from time to time there flashed acrosB them quivering glares of lightning. We began to wonder what we should do in this open roadstead, that has no sort of protection whatever from the south, if a gale were to spring up in the night. Already there was a slow, heavy, oily swell coming in that might have been taken to presage a storm. How about our holding ground? Or should we have to get up steam, I and clear out, and face whatever might be ap proaching ? j But all these vague and unprofessional alarms eventually resolved themselves. With the dark came peace, and silence, and the calm of moon light. By slow degrees the scene before us assumed a strangely fantastic and unreal appearance ; for while the vast spaces of forest thr.t covered the slopes of the mountains were obscure and unde cipherable, far above these the precipitous lime stone peaks and crags, rising into the serene heavens, shone a spectral grey. The little white town, too, with its innumerable points of golden fire, seemed to come out of that mysterious back ground of sombre foliage ; it looked as though it hung in air, over the black and unseen sea. Nevertheless the silence was not absolute ; across the intervening space of water we could hear some faint sound of music — so faint, indeed, as at times to be almost inaudible. We had sought out our accustomed nook along by the wheel-box ; and on this evening it chanced (for a while at least) that we three were alone. ' Peggy,' said Mrs. Threepenny -bit, almost whispering, ' I have something so singular to tell you. Did you notice, when we were walking up and down this afternoon, that Mr. Wolfenberg stopped at Amelie Dumaresq's chair, and took up a book she had left behind her ?' ' I saw you looking at a book, certainly,' Peggy responded, ' but I paid no particular atten tion.' ' And neither did I at the moment. But all of a sudden, as Wolfenberg was carelessly turning over the leaves, and talking of Amelie's love of literalness and vividness, he came to a sheet of note-paper that had most likely been used as a , mark ; and then something very strange appeared ' in his face, and he hastily put the book down again. Whatever it was, he was much moved ; I could see that ; but, of course, I did not speak ; and he said nothing.' The small woman hesitated, and seemed a little embarrassed. ' Yes, I will confess,' she said, in the same low voice. ' I was curious — more than curious — I was anxious ; my sympathies are so entirely with him— I am so sorry for him in his solitary position — that I could not but want to know what now had happened to him. You see, only a moment or two before he had been speaking of Amelie, and he appeared to think there was still a chance of her all at once throwing aside these present entanglements, and going back t» the old relationship that used to exist between him and her — the relationship she was so proud of when she j first explained it tome. And this thing — whatever it was — seemed to startle him out of these dreams, for there was never a word more about them : you would have fancied he had received some sudden blow. Well, as soon as I was left alone, and saw my chance, I went round to Miss Dumaresq's chair and took up the book. I had no right to look, of course — but — but I did. And almost directly I discovered what had affected him so deeply. The sheet of note-paper may or may not have been a mark for her place in reading ; but, at all events, she had been amusing herself by scribbling things on it ; and there, as you could see at a glance, was Paul Hitrovo's name treated in different ways. But that was not all. She had gone on — with such musings in her brain as it is easy to guess at — to write, in a Bmaller hand, the words ' Amelie d' Hitrovo ' — obviously an experi- j ment to see how the signature would look ? ' ' But what madness to leave such a thing lying about on deck !' Peggy exclaimed. ' She must have been interrupted, have quickly shut up the volume, and then have forgotten all about it,' the smaller woman said. ' And these pencilled words were what Wolfenberg must have seen. That was the answer to his vague forecasts, his last despairing hopes about what the future might even yet have in store for him.' ' Surely it is better he should know the worst at once,' her companion said. ' Peggy, there is no 'better' in such a case,' the other responded, 6adly enough. 'There can be nothing but tragic misery — for him, at least ; what else can there be ?' Peggy hesitated. ' Something quite unexpected, perhaps — she is so wilful and headstrong — with a character so j impetuous as hers is, it is impossible to say what j might not happen ? ' But here sue found her arm furtively grasped by her friend, as a warning. It was Wolfenberg himself Who was approaching them. ' Why do you sit in the dark ?' he said, in his grave, and placid, and kindly fashion. ' Why do you not come and look at the moonlight and the hills ? I little imagined that it was the shores of southern Russia that were going to give us a glimpBe of the celestial mysteries.' (To be continued.) 