Chapter XXX — A Double Exile. Hail, dark .mother of wanderers, parched nurse of lions, amidst thy sandy wilderness grief and dishonorjmay forget themselves—with thee man is only man ! He leaves that other half of himself, reputation, yonder in the orowd, and in these solitudes becomes a crea ture of thews and sinews, valuable only for his strength and endurance, for the ran"e of hi3 eye and the truth of his hand. He ha3 done with the outward shows of life aud with all nice differences between good and bad. Here, worth is to be measured by the hunter's fleet nf-ss of foot and honor by the marksman's aim. Y'hat a man is counts for but little; what ho can do for much. In that aching misery which possessed him when he left England John Vam-iuart looked to the de3erb as his best refuge. The hunter's life in Mashona larid gives scanty leisure for brooding over the ruins of a home in England. Tho early march, the rough life, tho necessity of providing for the sustenance of his party with his gun leaves the head of the expedition brielfcst time for introspectivo thought. His slumbers are for the most part dreamless, or his dreams are of lions prowiiDg by the camp fire; not of the lost faces at home. Bast of all, his conscience is at ease, for face to face with mar. in his mo3t primitive aspect he loses the. habit of weighing his past acts and com paring, with futile regret, tho things he his donb with tho things lie ought to nave do.n'. Eor Yansittart there could have been no better refuge than the desert. Hero if hi3 heart wounds wore not healed his consciousness of sin wa3 deadened. Here, where no exaggerated value was set on humau life, he could remember Harold Marohaut's death with less intensitj' of pain. Here, where the black man freely turned his kaito or his gun against his fellow man,amischaue3 such as that ot Elorian's Cafe seemed a small thing— the fortune .of war, a spurt of anger, au unlucky blow, and there an end. Every man must die somehow; and it may not be the worst doom to drop down in the fulness of youth and vigor, knowing not the slow agonies ot gradual extinction, the torture of dying by inches. Yansittart's thoughts were tempered by his surroundings. His character took new colors in that vivid life, in that lapse backward from the civilised and the complicated to the primi tive stage of man's history. It was as if Time hsd turned his glass and the earth were young. The wild race of Cain, the outcast, could have been no wilder than these woolly-haired fob lowers of his, who were faithful to him because he was a good shot. Nature, the "great consoler, helped him to forget his grief by forgetting [himself. Here, face to face with nature's mightiest forces, man's sense of his own personality dwindles to the faintest shadow in the vastnesa of his sur roundings. Instead of Trafalgar-square he has the falls _ of the Zambesi, instead of the languid club lounger ha has the elephant and the lion for his com panions—the purring growl of the lion instead of the gossip of the smoking-room, the trumpet of the elephant instead of the chatter of the dinner-table. Surely it is good for a man to be alone in the wilderness—alone save for the_ company of followers who may change their minds about him and murder him on the slightest provocation. It i3 good for him to feel his own insignificance among men who value him only for his powder and shot aud who will lose their reverence for his white superiority with the spending of his last cartridge. Here he must needs forget that pride of place which at home wa3 a part of hi3 being. Here there are no tradesmen to fawn upon him, no servants to touch their hats to him, no women to praise him. Small food for vanityhere, where the darkies call his smooth flat hair dog's hair, and his sunburnt, sinewy arm an ourang outang's arm. Hera if the women fawn upon him it is not for his smiles or ,.hi3 ifavor, but for beads or printed calico, such vivid orange or scarlet fabrics, figured with stars or half moons, a3 Man chester weaves on purpose for the Torrid Zone. Here if the men are true to him it is because he can feed them and pay them. He is in a world of stern facts, where sentiment and sophisti cation are unknown. The atmosphere suits him. The primitive interests of this primitive life help to shut off that other life where all is gloom, the life of thought 'and of memory. Sufficient for the day, that is the motto here; food forjthe day; Eafety for the dayj fuel for the camp fire, cartridges for the guns. Beside them, behind them, ahead of them stalk dangers thatrfEurope knows not. Danger from beasts of prey; danger from men as cruel; fever, starvation, death in many Ehape3— all the vicissitudes of a. life between the desert and the sky. Fortune[favors[him in hi3 desolation of spirit. A happier man might have been Ie33 lucky. A man more careful of his life, with more to live for, might have hardly escaped scot free from all the dangers of a rarely-trodden route. Travellers far more experienced wondered afterwards when they heard the story of this man's travels and the impunity with which he had done desperate things. His daring had been the audacity of ignorance, they said. If he had known the extent of the peril in such a route, with so small a party, with such inadequate prepara tions, he would have been a madman to attempt it. Had he answered them truthfully he would have told them that he was a madman when he attempted it; mad with the agony of a life that was blighted; mad with the bitt°r memories of lost happiness. Of these wedded lovers, parted in the noon tide of their love, one carried his wounded heart [to the wilderness and sought for tran quility of spirit in a life of movement and peril;- the other, the weaker vessel, had no such large resources. The life of adventure, the everchanging horizon, were not for her. She could only creep to some quiet haven and sit alone and brood upon her grief. She went first to Avranches; then late in the autumn she took a fancy to the solitude of Mont St. Micheb the quaint monastio citadel, the fortress on rock; and here, when the last of the tourists had gone and the equinoctial gales were roaring fiercely round the Gothic towers, she took up her abode in an apartment specially prepared for her by the cheery patronne of the Inn at the Gate—an apartment upon the ramparts, with windows looking wide over the sea to Coutance and Jersey. Benson, who had a constitution of iron, complained bitterly of this wind-swept rock, yet had to own later that her health had never been better. Eve stopped here late into the winter, sketching a little, reading a great deal, wandering on the sands in all weathers, and sometimes wishing that her foot3tep3 would take her unawares to that portion of the bay where, as in the Kelpie's flow, sorrow might find a grave. An imprudent ramble in the marshy fields between Pontorson and the Mount, which left her belated in the mists of a November even ing, resulted in congestion of the lungs. She had contrived to lose herself among those salt meadows as completely as ever her husband had lost himself in Mashonaland, and it was eleven o'clock when she and her whimpering attendant tottered along the causeway leading to the gates of the fortress, footsore and weary, their shoes worn out in that long tramp over the coarse grass and the sandy hillocks. Benson telegraphed to Miss Marchant Eernhurst,8 and Sophy appeared on the scene as quickly as boat and rail and a wretched fly from Avranches, with harness eked out by bits of rope, could bring her. Sophy was broken hearted at this cruel turn which her sister's bright fortunes had taken and agonised with remorseful retrospection. It was she, perhaps, whose imprudent tongue had parted husband and wife, had destroyed that happy home. Sophy hated herself for the folly of that reve lation. Why could she not have let well alone? Why could she not have left undis turbed that happy state of things by which she \- herself had profited so richly ? Looking back upon her conduct of that fatal week she saw that it was her own disappointment which had soured her, and her own selfish vexation which 1 r.d made her so angry with Vansittart. It s.was a long time before Eve was well enough lor serious talk of any kind. She rallied slowly and during a monotonous days of her convalescence she was treated as a child, who must only hear smooth and pleasant things, but when she was well again, quite well, save for that little hacking cough, which seemed to have become an element of her being, Sophy ventured to approach the subject of her domestic sorrows. "Ihave been utterly miserable since thA day I.left Charles-street," said^Sophy, seated beside. Eve's easy chair and resting her fore head on the cushioned arm as she talked, so that her face was invisible. "I have hated myself for speaking of your husband as I did —only upon hearsay. After all Mr. Sefton might have misinterpreted Jack's conduct. It might all have been a mistake." "It was a mistake, Sophy." " Ob, I am so glad. You found out at once that Mr. Sefton was wrong." "Yes." "Thank God! But then," looking up at her sister in blank astonishment; "if that is so, why are you parted, Jack and you ?" "That is our secret, Sophy." " But wily, but why ? I can't understand. There could be only one reason for your leaving him when you loved him so dearly. Nothing but the knowledge of his infidelity would justify " "Stop, Sophy," said Eve peremptorily. "There is nothing gamed by speculating about other people's business. My husband and I have our own reasons for taking different roads. We have never quarrelled, we have never ceased to care for each other. I shall love him with all my heart and mind and strength till my last breath." "I guess your reason," answered Sophy, nodding sagaciously. "He is an Atheist and you, who have always been a good Church woman, could not go on living with an un believer." " Oh, Sophy, do you think I should forsake him because he. was without hope or comfort from God 1 Why do you tease me with foolish guesses ? I tell you again the reason pf our parting is our secret—a secret that wilk go down with me to the grave." Sophy's eager imagination ran riot in the world of mystery. Politics, freemasonry, hypnotism, theosophy, nihilism, hereditary madness, epilepsy, hydrophobia, a family ghost, a family fatality. .That' lively mind of ' hers touched each possibility, rejected eaob» egaMcayranfmii afn flew off to the next. And lastly, with a sigh of relief, she exclaimed— "I am more thankful than T can say that it was not my imprudent tongue which partsd you." An hour later, walking alone on the ram parts, she told herself that in all probability this desolate wife was only throwing dust in her eyes and that Yansittart's inconstancy been clearly demonstrated in accordance with Seftoii's story. It would be only like a devoted wife to violate truth in order to vindi cate her husband. p'Pride and love would alike urge her to deny iier husband's infidelity. (To' be continual. J 