WIT AND HUMOUR. “ It's a solemn tiling, young man,” said the broken-hearted father, *• to come into the home of an old man and take away his only daughter, the light of his household, and the prop and solace of his declining years. But von have inv blessing, and I wish you every joy and-“ Hut I won't take her away, sir.” intcrinpted the young man, inexpres sibly affected. Wc’il both stay here." “ J0HN, I wish you wouldn’t go to balls and parties; it is very bad indeed.” “ Father, didn't you and mother go to balls and parties, when you were young " Yes, my son, but we have seen the folly of it.” ‘•Well, I want to see the folly of it, too, GUKST : “I say, landlord, your foot! is worse than it was last year!" Landlord : “ Impossible, sir 1" “ You are married now, Mr Gazley,” said a life-insurance agent to a newly-made Benedict, “ and you really ought to take out a policy on your life.”—“^Gracious 1’ replied Gazley, frightened, ” is it likely to prove fatal?” Two tramps, one of them a young man, the other well advanced in life, had just left a house where they had been supplied With a'bountiful dinner. “I say. Bill," queried the, younger of the two, ”, where no you s’pose we’ll get our supper ?”—The old trnmp turned on him in disgust : “ Here you’ve just had your ;dinncr, ” he said, “and you begin to wonder where you’ll get supper. If that’s the kind of disposition you’ve got, young feller, you had better quit the profession and go to work." “ Yes,” said the merchant, “ I always mark the most expensive of my goods os ‘ sold ’ during the holiday season. Then when women read the signs it makes them crazy to have the same article, and they are so disappointed that I finally promise to try and get them another—which, of course, I have no trouble in doing. Oh, it's a great scheme, I tell you, and never Laiior Agitator : “ My friend, are you not in favour of the eight-hour move ment ?”—Abe Lazy (the tramp) : “ Move ment ! who ever heard of me bein’ in favour of any kind of movement ?” Little Tommy was having his hair combed by his mother, and he grumbled at the operation. “ Why, Tommy, you oughtn’t to make such a fuss. I don’t, when ray hair is combed.”—“ Ye3, but your bair ain’t hitched to your head.” Scene (deck of steamer, which is passing through the Sound of Mull). English tourist (to German do.): “ You seem to have been greatly benefited by your sea voyage.” —German tourist: “Yell, mine vrendt, you vos see I had been bedder as good as firsdrade; lmdt veil I vos leave home, och ! I heed so bat, all der doctors in the vorldt eouldt do me no harm ! ” A Pkoiii.kh.—“ rapa.”—“ Well ?”—“Do cardinals dare to wear their red hats in the presence of a papal bull ?” Rather Strange.—“ I’m surprised at the noise that Niagara makes."—“ Why ?” —“ You’d think there was enough water there to drown the sound.” “ Ve must begin and cut down our oxpenses, Jakey.’,—" Vat for, fadder r l’izness is goot.”—“ Yah, Jakey. And ve must make it a leetle petter ! ’ A Reasonaiilk Request.—“ W’nat can I do to induce you to go to bed now r asked a fond mamma of her five-vear-old boy.—"You can let me sit up a little longer,” was the youngster’s reply. “ What is the matter, landlord ? You seem greatly upset.”—“ And for a v or} good reason, sir 1 In the ruins you have just been shown over there was a ghost that brought us a crowd of sight-seers.”— *• Well r”—“ Why, he has just given me notice to quit at the quarter's end!” “ I don’t think much of that feller Brown you introduced me to the other night.’’—" You are very candid. Why do von dislike him " Oh, you eau argue with him all day long, and yon can't con vince him of the simplest point. He makes me sick.”—" Makes you sick ? Ah, yes, 1 see. In other words he disagrees with you.” Alumnus (meeting his old professor, after greetings) : “ I’m glad to hear. Pro fessor, that you are going to lecture in our town on your favourite oldtime topic. Professor : "Acs, yes. But 1 have divested it of technicalities—in fact, recast it—so that it will reach all persons of very limited acquirements. Hope to see you there.” • Pom ini's Highland Laird (to strange policeman, wHo has dared to pass the great man without touching his hat) : “ A constable ought to be the very pink of politeness, and should touch his hat to his superior. I am the Maetartan of Maetartau, and all these mountains belong to me, sir.” —Policeman: They’re nae in my beat, though.” Here’s a piece of advice To put in your casket— That is, never bo foolish Enough to ask it. Fontenellk, when ninety yenrs old, passed before Mme. llelvetius without per ceiving her. “Ah!” cried the old lady; “that is your gallantry, then? To pass before me without even looking at me!”— “ If I had looked at you, mndarne,” replied the old beau, “ I could never have passed you at all.” Akmellini, the banker, a notorious miser, entered the office, and very carefully went through all the work done by his youngest clerk. He was perfectly satisfied, and said to the young man : “ What salary do you get from my firm ?”—“ Dp to the present, nothing, signor.”—“ Very good. From the first of next month 1 will see that it is doubled.” " That fellow. Hall, ought to bo banished from polite society; lie’s a perfect booby.”—“ How so, Mr Touchey?”—” You remember that bon mot I made at dinner r” _•• Yes.”—“ Well, he was ill-mannered unougli to ask if it was original with me. That shows how unsophisticated he is.”— “ Yes, nobody but an ignoramus could have thought you were Sidney Smith.” ■ How He Came by His Name.—There is a man in Washington who has a most uncommon name, and a newspaper in the city tells how he came by it. His mother was on the look-out for something original, and one day, before his christening, she noticed on the door of a building the won! “Nosmo.” This struck her fancy. Now for a middle name ! Later, coming along by the same building, she saw on the door the name “ King.” Ah, this was what she wanted ! Nosmo Ping Jones' he shall be!" she said ; and he was christened so. On the way home from the church she passed the same building ngain. The doors were all shut, aud, behold, those with the names on them which she had selected had on them now, not “ Nosmo King," but “ No Smoking !"— and her heart was broken. A certain doctor who was noted for a keen eye to business was driving along the street of a country town wh-’n his horse took fright and ran away. He was thrown violently out of his trap and rendered senseless. Presently he recovered a little from bis unconsciousness and, noticing the crowd which had gathered about him,asked," What’s the matter, gentle men .’ Anybody hint.’ I am Dr 11. t an be of any service .’ ion Irishman had a little shoemaker s here for many years he plied his trade, ; an honest living. One day he was i to see on the opposite side of the a sign which read, “ Mons. Lafarge, ker. just from Paris." 11c was very int,and felt that monsieur was pnach his grounds. The next day he came .h a sign which read. " Pat Connolly, iker—never saw Paris, but defies com 