THE TEHTH COMMANDMENT. [By Abchheacon Faehab, D.D.I Thou shalt not covet."-Exodus xx. 17. Observe firsb that this is a unique command ment. Search all the laws of all the world and you will not find one which resembles it. The sixth, the seventh, eighth, and ninth you will find in all codes, though only as prohibitions of crimes which are amenable to human. justice, and not as heart- searching rules of self examination. which Christ meant them to be. The Tenth Commandment is the complement of~ all the rest; it shows that God requires of us nou only outward virtue but inward holiness, that He demands in us sacrifice of the will, from which wicked actions spring, that sinful imaginations ^ ctime against Him, as well_ as wicked act3. Human laws can only prohibit crimes of which human eyes can take cognisance; the hearts of men are beyond their reach. The tyrant can only command the outward obedience of his slave, but he cannot subdue the fierce rebel lion which rages in that slave's heart; he can not hush the unspoken curses which blight him with the white lightning of their heat. He makes no attempt to order what he is impotent to enforce. The heart of fallen man is only the chamber _ of unclean imagery like that which horrified the pro phet Ezekiel when in the house of God his eye surveyed the dark idolatries of alienated Judah, but it iB shrouded in impenetrable darkness, it is the hidden knowledge, the mysterious depths of that individuality which in each of us is an island surrounded by an unvoyageable sea. None can enter, none can even approach the heart, but that Divine Legislator who wo aid fain transform it from a haunt of devils into a sanctuary of God. The unique command which prohibits not only commissions but con cupiscence can be uttered by God alone. And herein the ten commands on Sinai anticipated the eight beatitudes of the Sermon on the Mount. The law says, " Thou shalt not desire;" the Gospel says, "Blessed.are the pure in heart." And from this Divine statute we see one marked by Divine ? wisdom and supreme^ tenderness. It is a commandment pre-eminently spiritual; it cuts at the root of all formalism and of hypocrisy; it shows ua that each man is not what he seems to be to men, but what he is in the eyes of God. The lesson which the Tenth Commandment teaches us i3 that _ God must be obeyed, not with, eye-serviee as men-pleasers, but with singleness of heart. "As he thinketh," says Solomon of the dis sembler, "so he is." Priests often lead men to be content with the cleansing of the outside of the cup and the platter, yet the law with its demands for human sincerity might have taught them that all outward formalities are an abomination to _God if they be offered as sub stitutes for justice, humility, and love. Even the heathen say that the God with whom wo have to do is one with whom nothing avails except heart obedience. "Wickedness and injustice," says Aristotle, "lie in the inten tion." "He,"says Juvenal, "who thinks in silent wiokedness within himself incurs the guilt of the deed." And this command is tender as well as unique, for it is designed to save us from error; it is meant not to terrify us but to toiD; it reveals to us as with a flash out of God s eternity when and ho.7 work of our life has to be done; it says to us as fclvj prophet Jeremiah Eaid to Jerusalem.-'>0, Jerusalem, wash thine hearb from wickedness that thou mayest be saved. How long shall thy vain thoughts lodge within, thee?3 Ib says unto Solomon, "lveep thy hearb with all diligence for out of it are the issues of life." Ah, there is the difficulty, Ib is quite easy to be outwardly respectable, most of us are ab least that; it is easy to beep the letter of the Com mandments, by».b to obey with all our hearb, with all our mind, with all our soul, wibh all our strength, to keep the law in its entirety without reservation for one darling idol, one or k080?1 sin> to keep it always in wilful boyhood, _ in fretful youth, in tempted manhood, and in disillusioned age-which, of us is thus an upright man and perfect? Still, alas! is this possible when we have nob been faithful in the past? Now this com mandment shows us that there is no sound cure for any disease without the removal of the cause. Can a polluted fountain send forth sweet waters? Are good fruits borne from a corrupt tree? Ah, my brethren, the salt must be flung into the bubbling spring or the stream will be full of death, and the roots of the corrupt tree must be taken up, nob merely its buds nipped or even its branches lopped. To leave off old sins is something, and even much, but it is not enough. We must nob only stop sinning bub stop desiring to sin. If we would still like to sin we are nob regene rate ; we must die to sin. This is what Sb. Paul meant when, haunted by the agonies of personal experience, he says over and over again that we musb have the true circumcision of the heart, that we musb crucify the flesh wibh its affections and lusts, thab we musb mortify the deeds of the body, mortify our members thab are upon the earth, evil desire and covetous ness, which is idolatry; for because of these things the wrath of God is ever arriving upon the sins of disobedience. It is this concupis cence, this evil impulse, which musb be hushed within us by the Spirib of Chrisb. The lusb of the flesh, thoughts of our bodily appetites, the lusb of bhe eyes, the vain desires and passions of the mind, the braggart Yaunb of wealth, our mammon worship, our selfishness, our arrogant vain ambition-these we must derascinate. Ib is at the rcot of these thab the axe of this com mandment is uplifted, until they are hewn down and cast into the fire; Moses as well as Christ will teach us that we are not converted and we shall nob be safe. " Thou ehalb not coveb." The literal mean ing of the commandment is, " Thou shalt not excessively or wrongfully, thou shalb nob un lawfully or irregularly, desire anything which thou canst nob innocently and uprightly possess." Perhaps you think, " What- harm can a mere desire do when I have not even expressed it? What wrong can there be in such an airy ? nothing, such an impalpable thought ?" The answer is twofold. First that airy nothing, that impalpable thought as you call it, is a very real thing: ib is seen in heaven, ib is heard in heaven, in heaven it needs forgiveness, and conse quently that thought will,, if dwelt upon, be certainly the prolific mother of all sins; ib is the cockatrice's egg which brings forth the -offspring, of the. fiery flying serpent. Guilty longingB are the avant-couriers of the perfor mance of guilty, lusts concealed, in the guise of a harmless infant, the guilty ouriosity, the guilty lingering on the confines of temptation; the guilty wish pushes open the wicket gate, and then when ib has j done so ib springs inbo the menacing stature of a giant demon. What great harm you say is there in a mere guilty look, a mere guilty wishj a mere guilty longing if it stops there ? Well, are they so harmless u they stop there? Do they stop there? The guilty look of David ab Bathsheba from his palace roof, the guilty longing of Achan for the ingot of gold, the guilty desire of Ahab for Naboth's vineyards; did nothing come of them I In the: first case the bad desire -led to idolatry, in the second it led- bo theft, and in the third ib led to murder. The sole way to keep ourselves from the 'infinite possi bility of .sin is only to follow the exhorta tion of St, James-" Cleanse your hearts, ye -sinners, purify your hearts, ye double minded. It is with the latter .form 01\. - with. the covetousness which is idolatry^ that the" extension of the commandment chiefly deals."-...It warns us .against the greed of accumulation and. the thirst for gold. Is it not .an awful.thought that besides all the other mass of sin which the .desire for money is constantly causing among .mankind even the Apostle could be perverted by the love of gain? ' - . And have we not the fearful proofs in every, generation thait the love.. of money ? is: still the root of all men's .evil? Does it nob make the heart bleed to think of women rich in a-good man s love, of men high in reputation, and DGSiQGSj of students eminent in attainments, who even in these- few lasb'.mbnths have also been dragged by the lust of ill-gotten gain into the unshakable misery and mire? And do nob- nations also find the lesson, does not .England find it ? Is there no fear that avarice, the counter selfishness of capital and of labor, should fall like the star wormwood of the Apocalypse1 and poison all her streams with deathful bitterness? Is there no fear of cut throat competition from selfish luxury in one class and raging envy in another? Was not this the utter curse and the blighting rum of mediaeval Spain?. Did not Cortez say to Montezuma; "Send us gold, for we Spaniards have a disease of the heart that can only be cured by gold." " Since first the dominion of man was asserted over the ocean" -with these words a celebrated book begins three thrones beyond all others have been set upon its sands; the thrones of Tvre, of Venice, and of England. Of the first of these great Powers only the memory remains, of the second ruin, the third, which in herits their greatness, if ib forgets their example may be led through brighter eminence to less pitied destruction." This com-nand menb says to our England of to-day, " Which wilb thou be, the freeman of Christ or the bond slave of mammon? Which wilt thou-be, the protector of the helpless or its destroyer? YVhioh wilt thou be, an example to the world or its corrupter? Which wilt thou be, the evangelist of the world, or its beast of burden? ±uch thou arb beyond all nations and art ever becoming more and more rich, Bub wealth means weal, means well-being, it does nob mean riches and woe to thy weal, mi of thy riches lose itself in «Pe' Pblegethon of drink or in the scum and sludge of selfish accumulations. If so thy glory, as the great statesman said, " sha.n fade like the Tyrian dye and moulder like the Venetian palace." And to myriads of English men at this moment who, tossed with the mad intoxication of an insatiable greed, sell honor honesty, uprightness, peace, to get rich, bartering with the eternal God, to them the Tenth Commandment says. . to be rich to God, godliness ls.6r6at gam; if a man be content with thab he will be secure. "Take heed, said Jesus, "and beware, for man's hfe consisteth nob in the multitude of the things that he possesseth." But this com mandment teaches us something more than contentment, lovely, indeed, and full of happi ness as a virtue. Utter content is but the passive form of the most fruitful of all virtues, it is self-sacrifice: out he wjo has *eeased to desire will rejoice aJso to abstain; he who desires to cease that selbsh greediness for what does not belong to bT> or what he ought largely bo share with others will be eager .to give with wise gene rosity, he will find, that herein is happiness. St. Edmund or Canterbury, one of our sweet f iisau^ A uae<^ *eave bis money on the sill of the window of his staircase for any one SnSUH W (?; and sometimes he woull °7>ev sayin£> "Ashes to ashes, dust to dust. Another great man said "We have no time to git rich, the ex Hnmfn power of ?00(i ambitions leaves no time for meaner passions." The lives of such saints poured silent contempt on gold and tow great is their reward! They are up raSJfW? v6 base.temptations which su? We toeing, moiling multitude. Sb. Paul commandment the first com mandment thab promises, bub though the promise is unexpressed every commandment is oT7(^,D^a?- n-tl t*16 richesb promise, hpHfl r618 fc°mpanied by its immense K6', -Love taught us by bhe sixth has bliss, purity taught us by the seventh has heavenhness; honesty taught us by the eighth the- of the tongue taught us by the ninth has perfection; and this tenth commandment, whilst being +£e fS° > £1 1 6 others, combines all the others blessedness.". Self-abnegation, the subdual of. concupiscence, means that the soul is satisfied with God. Dissatisfaction is the necessary curse of worldly life. "Vanity of vanity, says one of the best known novels of the-century, "which of us has what he desires a na havmg it is satisfied ? Answer me, children of the world, votaries of self indulgence, slaves of gold, answer me and confeB3 your misery Can you have your souls in this heap of mud, are you such poor mean beings that it is a sufficienb end of life for you to have a good balance at your bankers? Or have not you too heard bhe sound of harpy wings over your ledgers and your gold? Those harpies are the ghosts of vicious, fretful* lawless passions, the vain, meagre spirits of . wasted energy and the unappeased flames of unsatisfied hope." Contrast wibh this the peace of those whose passions are subdued, and whose heart is given to God. God gives him exactly what the world cannob give-perfecb satisfaction. The picture of the world is Wickedness shall bum like fire, no man shall spare his brother, he shall snatch on the right hand, and be hungry, and he shall eat on the left hand and nob be satisfied; bub the good man is satisfied from himself, bhe meek shall eat and be satisfied, they shall be satisfied with the goodness of God's house, God shall give them drink of His pleasure as out of a river " Covetousness means a curse, bub he who give^ all to Christ gains all from Christ; he who will lose his life for Christ's sake shall always find it. Can you imagine a more struggling and apparently miserable lob than that of some poor harmless missionary in the depths of Africa? Not long ago a dyin'g missionary wrote home from the wilds of Africa-"Tell my family and all my friends t'oat I rejoice to have left all for Christ. Wer.e my sacrifice to make again I think as I iie here dying in a strange land I would make, it again a thousand times. I would not change my lot for all the happiness of. the world.-' And lastly, since this commandmenb is thus deep and broad, it is n.ot strange that it should have wrought) most jjaemorable effects in the spiritual history of mankind. It brought to two men convictions which have ohanged the conditions of the world and of the Church. It made St. Paul the Apostle of the Gentiles, it made Luther the herald of the Reformation. St. Paul tells us that the day had been when he felt no sense of sin. Sin was dormant in him; it lay like_ a torpid snake amid the flowers of his self-satis faction ; he was unconscious of resistance to God and alienation from God, but tliis com mandment-"Thoushalt not covet, thou shalb not desire" detected and evoked the sin within him. He saw that his accurate legality was the whitewash of the grave; he saw even hia persecuting zeal was nothing better than arro gant and jjaEsionate selfishness, and thus in the death of sin,Christ found him and made him alive unto God. Paul, the furious persecutor,. was changed by the conviction brought by this; commandant into the Paul the loving evan gelist ; Saul, the hated Pharisee, was changed into Paul the holy apostle. No less mighty was the work it wrought for Martin Luther. The law which forbids concuDiscence led Luther as St. Paul to Christ. " This German beast," said Leo X., " cares nothing for gold a strange phenomenon when all the priests and all the world cared so much for gold; but because Luther did not care for gold, and lived and died a very poor man, it raised the hearts of myriads of men to seek their treasure, where he had done, in things above where Christ sitteth at the right hand of God. Ah! may we learn the lesson as a nation and a church, and in our individual hearts, say only '' Can we be delivered from the self-will, which in a nation shows itself in social godliness, in deep seated corruption, inidolatry, mlies, and fraud?" In a church self-will is manifested by partisan ship and subterranean intrigues ; in a society it creates an atmosphere of gossip, scandal,: and spite; in each individual heart this self will is a source of overflowing egotism, of claimsof exaggerated self-importanoe; anabject passion or admiration of self. Only Christ can deliver us; and the end of all: command-1 ments, and of this commandment most of all,; is Christ. The commandments in our English service are most happily linked with the com munion. We cannot have the joy of the \- one without obedience to the other. If we lose the commandment to the nation we lose the Gospel to mankind. When the law has taught us to embrace the Gospel, the Gospel enables us to fulfil the law. . It turns a deathful letter into the promise of life, it turns the fire of Sinai into the dew of Hermon, and Moses and Elias are side by side with our transfigured Lord. Covetousness springs from perverted self-the death of self is the life of Christ within us. But we cannot by our_ own power_ slay self. The law firit evokes in us the resistance to a holy will, and then convinces us of our guilt: then shows us our own utter helplessness; and last of all, drives us helpless and self-condemned to the feet of Christ our Lord, to ask there with tears of penitence for His freely-given grace, and to find our sole hope and help, to find our very life and light in Him first, Him last, Him most, and without end. 