[?] BY 'YEBAX,11 (Author of 'The Double Event,' -,« Hard Hit,' 'Jockey JaoVy &c.;) SPEOIAtiLY WRITTEN FOB THE .' REFEREE.' (All, BIGHTS EESEEVED.) CHAPTER XI.— AH UNPOPULAR 'WIN'. S i 1\/TUSKETET twenty to one. Hore, 1»JL I'll lay a thousand to fifty. Five hundred to a pony.' Such cries could be heard all over the ring at Eandwick on tho Metropolitan Day. . ' It was quite evident Musketry's chance of tho magic circle. ' '? . . 'When Loo Key heard the odds on offer, ?ho sought out Ward, and asked him what he should do. 'Shall I put more on ? It looks bad. I have not got such odds. You're not play ing tho double, aro you?' 'Not a bit of it,' said Wards 'but our very good friends seem to have an idea he will bo scratched at the last moment. They scent another Molbourne Cup busi ness. If I had any money I'd take another thousand or two at thoso odds.' 'Would you?' said Loo Key. 'Rather. Twenty to one about an even money chance. That's what it amounts to, my friond of the Flowery Land.' , ? 'But he couldn't win on Saturday,' said Loo Key, doubtfully, as he thought over the horso's ignominious defeat on that day. , ' . 'He didn't win, you mean,' said Ward. 'Myruost innocent Key this is becoming quite interesting. Our very good friends tho books fancied ho didn't win on Satur day because ho could not. Of course I nover told thorn such was not the oaso. Bless their sanguine hearts, they fancy they know such a lot;' 'You're a ennning one, Ward,' said Loo Key, with evident admiration for his worthy friend's scheming. ' Not a bit of it. I don't think he could have won. Tho horse that won that race will win the Cup.' 'Nonsense,' said Loo' Key, opening his eyes wide. ' Fact, I assure you. The gallop, did Musketry all tho good in tho world, and ho will win to-day right enough. Put a couple of hundred more on him.' 'I will,' said Loo Key. 'And then when^ou've done that, take a thousand to iifty for me,' said Ward. 'You have got quite enough already,' said Key. 'My dear opium merchant, you are mis taken. All my spare cash has gone on the horse. I think you had bettor put me that fifty on. He'll 'run all the better when I whisper tho fact in his ear.' Loo Key grinned unpleasantly, but he said: ' Very well. You shall stand in another thousand.' 'That's tetter,' said Ward. 'I have come to the conclusion you are a very sonsiblo man.' It had been Cyril's Melrose's intention not to go to the races, but the temptation was too strong, and he went. He did not believe Ward would have the audacity to start the horse, muoh less win with him. Phil Barter had been keeping- Loo Key in sight, and when he left Ward he fol lowed him, and saw him back Musketry srreral times. ? ! 'This is a rum game,' said Phil to him self. ' If Cyril would not be so pig-headod ha might win moro than ho has lost. I hate a man won't listen to reason. No one will ever catch mo cutting off my nose to spito my face. I'll take that ' childlike and bland' gentloman'3 tip, and have a hundred to five again. Hallo ! Cyril, here you are. I'm going to have another fiver on thiB stiff customer.' 'You're a fool if you do,' said Cyril. ' If tho horse had a chance he would have ?won that weight-for-age race ou Satur day.' ? 'Don't believe tho beggar tried,' said Phil. 'I don't often lose my temper, Cyril, but by jove you're enough to make a saint perform wonders in the way of big language. Here's this chap Ward playing one of the cutest games I ever saw, and you won't bo in with him. Why, man alive, ifs a chance you will never get again.' ' Yon have got hold of tho wrong end of the business,' said Cyril. ' I tell you I know Ward too well. He's in with the books, and that flat of a Chinamen will lose his money.' 'Don't you believe it,' replied Phil. ' Loo Key's no flat. As a rule a Chinaman of that individual's calibre is worth five ordinary Britishers. Ward is standing in with him, and for once in a way the books will be the victims. I know it does no6 sound feasible that a bookmaker should ever be victimised, but I am open to bet some of them will get a nasty knock over this business. One thing, they can afford it, and before the year is out they will get it all back with interest.' ' Yes ; certainly, you can book me a hundred to five,' went on Phil to a book maker who had asked him if he would back Musketry. ' Come and have a look at the horse and see for yourself,' said CyriL 'Shan't know much more if I do see him,' said Phil. ' I'd sooner back Ward than the horse.' . . ' Musketry certainly did not look fit; to run. The knowing one3 voted him more like a lord of the. harem than a horse in training to run a fast two miles. Already he showed signs of sweating, and his neok and chest wero wet. 'There'3 a beauty to run two miles,' said Cyril ; ' he'll be nearer last than first. Come along, Phil, I'm going, to have a pony on .the favorite, Harold.' The half hour before the race had struck, and Musketry was not scratched. Still the books laid him whenever they got a chance, and occasionally backers were found sanguine enough to take the long odds. Musketry swept down the coursa in his preliminary gallop with the foam flying around him, and very few people took much notice of him. 'Now, what do you think of him?' said Cyril, as he stood next to Phil Baxter in the steward's stand. 'Just as much. as I did before/' said Phil. 'He moves well enough.' ' ' No need to describe tho race. . People could hardly believe their eyes. A horso with nearly nino stone on his back cutting out the pace at that rate, and sailing along at the. head of the field as though ho meant stopping there. ? Could it be possible that 'half-trained stallion could last two miles in such con dition? ? . : , Nonsense, he mu3t fall back, and then glasses were' levelled on- the ''favorite, Harold, to see when he would make his run, and cut this outsider down. The favorite did mako his run. His jockey soemed to havo suddenly come to tho conclusion that Musketry was a little fajo far away, .and .it was quito time ho ought to show that he was not going to ??ura matters all his own way. ' So Harold's jockoy 6hook his mount up, and was soon on Musketry's girth. 'I told you so,' said Cyril ;' see the favorite's' tackled him. It's all over.'- 'Not a bit of it,' said Phil; 'Musketry's going as well as ever.' 'Wait until they are fairly in the straight,' said Cyril. ' They did wait, and then it suddenly dawned upon the bookmakers that the 'dead 'un' was running uncommonly like a winner. '? By — — if he's sold us I'll te even with tho beggar,' said Moss Levi, and he was not the only one who registered a similar voiv. At the distance Musketry came sail ing away, and galloping well within him self, won the Metropolitan by a good, three lengths, while the favorite struggled in third. At first the crowd seemed unablo to realise the fact. ..''Here was the horse they, had already dropped their monoy on for the Melbourne Clip literally making a show of his field, and only half fit. Then it dawned upon them that they had been sold unmistakably. Backers object to being sold, and when they are angry have sundry ways of Bhow ing thoir displeasure. As Musketry came into the weighing ring there was a dead silence. When Ward took hold of his head with a triumphant smile on his face it was too much for flesh and blood to stand. . A howl of indignant discordant sounds, growing loudor and lounder, seemed to make tho course ring with noise. ' Swindle.' ' Blackguard.' ' Thieves.'' 'Warn him off,' &c;, wero some of the expressions hurled at Ward by the in furiated crowd round the railing. Then a regular volley of groans and hoot ings of all descriptions wero poured forth. Ward seemed to take no notice of this, but he know very well what it meant, al though ho did not care a straw for the opinion of tho people. A rush was made for the gate to see Musketry come out. As Ward led tho horse towards the open ing the gatekeeper said : 'I'd advise you to wait a bit, Mr. Ward.' '.'Not I,' said Ward. 'What do I care for tho howling blackguards ;' and he led tho horso out. f His audacity seemed to have a good effect ou tho crowd. It is wonderful what one cool man can do in tho midst of an excited multitude. 'Here, stand aside,' shouted Ward. ' Let tho horse come through. Ho's a bit fresh, and ho might damage a few of you.' He snddenly jerked Musketry's bridle, aud the horse became restive, and soemed inclined to lash out. ' Hanging's too good for you,' said a man closo to Ward. The trainer pushed him aside and went on. ', Matters wero becoming serious when a couplo of policemen came up and endeavored to keep back the crowd. 'Let 'em alone,' shouted Ward. 'They won't harm me. It's not mo they're after. Why don't they get at the owner.' 'You're the owner,' yelled three or four men near enough to hear the words. 'Am I ?' said Ward. ' That's all you know about it.' 'Who scratched him for the Cup ?' shouted another. 'I did,' said Ward. 'Must obey orders.' Eventually Ward got tho horse to the sheds, and as he watched him being rubbed down, the crowd continually jeered at him. There had never been a more unpopular win at Eandwick. Cyril Melroso waa terribly mortified at the success of the horse, and his anger against Ward knew no bounds. The man had behaved shamefully, and had doubly swindled him. Phil Baxter did not envy his friend's feelings, and thought silence was the best. They walked across the paddock, and al most unconsciously came near the crowd round Musketry. Ward was having an altercation with two or three excited people, and when he caught sight of Cyril, suddenly stopped, pointed at him, and said : 'If you want fo know why Musketry was scratched for the Cup, ask him. He's the owner.' Now, many people frequenting the race courses knew Cyril Melrose was reported to be at least part owner of Musketry, if not the sole owner. Ward's words acted like a lighted match applied to a bundle of straw, and always ready to find a fresh object on which to vent their spleen, the crowd turned on Cyril. Both Phil Baxter and Cyril heard Ward's words, and the hitter said, ai he advanced towards him : 'You sconndrel. How dare you tell such infamous lies,' and he raised his fist as though he would strike him. ' Come away, Cyril,' said Baxter. 'Don't talk to the blackguard. He iBn't worth it. Everybody knows what he says. is ad ? lie.' But Cyril was excited, and would not . bo calmed down. ' I'll make you pay for this,' he said to Ward. ' Boo hoo,' yelled the crowd, and several of them jostled Cyril and Baxter. ? ' Stand back,' said , Phil. 'If you* don't know manners we shall have to teach you.' 'You're worse than he is,' said one man, pointing at Ward. ' Ifs a cursed swindle, that's what it is. You swells are no better, than other folks. You're a lot of beastly, robbers.' 'Come away,' said Phil, and he dragged Melrose along. 'You, ought to be chucked out of the paddock. How much did the bookmakers give you to scratch him ?' 'Nico man to, run a bank you are.' Such expressions of opinion were hurled at them us they, went away, and Cyril fairly boiled with rage. It waBnot an enviable position for a man in his circumstances to be placed in, and he felt it koonly. Not only had ho been duped himself, but other people fancied he had duped them, and the im pression would be hard to dispel. The scene would, no doubt, be ex aggerated in tho papers. Some budding journalist anxious ro create a sensation would, work it up in glowing language. It would bo all over Sydney to-night, that Cyril Jlolroso ? had beon hooted at for soratching Musketry for the Cup, and aen have the cheek to win theMetrop. His conduct would bo soverly commented upon, and the goneral verdict of ' serve him right ' bo passed. Cyril felt ho could not blame the crowd. Had they known all the circumstances it might havo been different. It was very hard he should ba made to suffer for. the deeds of such a man as Ward, but he could see no help for iti- What he dreaded most came to pass next morning. Mr. Hathrop spoke to him on tho subject and expressed his regret that Cyril should have acted in such a manner. Cyril explained everything, and this eased Mr. Hathrop's mind, but he said : ' Why did you go to the course at all ? There was no occasion for you to do so. If you had remained away nothing of this painful nature would have happened.' 'I know it was foolish.' said Cyril, 'but I had no idea Ward would dare to will with the horso. J nover even thought ho would run him.' ' Let this bo a warning to you, Melrose,' said Mr. Hathrop. ' In future I should avoid such company.1' 'I will,' replied Cyril. 'Depend upon it, I have had a severe and unpleasant lesson. Cyril's wifo felt deeply the humiliation put upon her husband. She had fancied him weanod from his in fatnation for tho turf, and now she saw he still hankered' after his old love. Flora Holroso was not a woman to up braid or lecture her husband. She gave him a few kind words of advice, and he even chafed at this. That something was radically wrong with him, Mrs. Molroso felt convinced. It was more than mere racing troubles, and she trembled to think how far he had gone. She could not bear the sus pense, or to see Cyril dull and moody, ho who was always bright, loving arid cheerful. Then Rupert had his troubles, and was in sore distress about Mary, and sho had to comfort him, ' Cyril, what troubles you ?' she said one night as she leaned over his chair. ' Nothing, Flora. What make3 you think I am troubled?' he asked. 'I am sure you aro not yourself, Cyril,' she said. ' I have been anxious about you. Do not lot that vile racecourse scene haunt you. Put it away, and think no moro about it.' ' It is not that,' said CyriL ' I had forgotten all about it, Flora.' ' Then what is it. Let mo share your trouble. I am your wife, and I have tho right to know all about it,' sho said. ' I'm not very well, that is all, Flora,' ho replied. ' You may not be well,' sho said, ' but your mind is troubled, as well as your body. Ha3 anything annoyed you at the bank. Is all right there ?' He started and looked at her, and then dropped his eyes, as he said, angrily : 'Of course all is right at tho bank. What on earth put such a silly fancy into your head? What do you suppose is wrong there ? You don't fancy I am about to bolt with the contents of tho safe, do you ?' ' Cyril, don't. You pain me. Such a thing could never happen. , What I moant was, had anyone in the' bank offended you ?' 'No,' ho said. ' Do not bother me any moro, Flora. I've quito enough of the bank when I'm there, and don't care about talking of it when I come home.' Sho said no more. A feeling of unde finable dread seemed to Have come over her. The heavy clouds demoted the approach ing storm, and Flora Melrosa felt she was groping in darkness. There was a mystery sho could not fathom. Sho never doubted her husband. Had anyone hinted to her he could do wrong, she would have repelled the accusation with scorn. Flora Melrose had gone out of the room, and Eupert was talking with his father. - ? As she was returning; she heard her son say : ' I wish you wonld have a glance over Mario and Co's account, father. There's been a mistake in it, I think.' Through the half-open door she saw her husband's face. Cyril had suddenly turned white , as a ghost, and a hunted frightened look had come into his eyes. It was a few moments before he replied. To her his voice seemed strange, as he said : ' You must bo mistaken, Eupert. Marie and Co's account ib all right. I have paid particular attention to it on account of tho largo overdraft. I will look through it again, but I am suro it is correct.' ' If you have had itin hand I am sure it is, father,' saidEupert, smiling. ' I'm only a young man and, perhaps, over-anxious.' ' Oh, I can make mistakes,' said Cyril. ' I'm not infallible. AVhat a grand night. I'll have a cigar.' They went outside and did not know Mrs. Melrose had heard their conversation. Sho tried not to think about it, but could not banish the doubts that had arisen in her mind. Cyril Melroso was at tho bank early next morning, and the first thing he did was to examine Marie and Co's account. ' It was evidently in need of correction, for he made several alterations, and was occupied for over an hour with it. (to be continued.) 