Some Dental Remini scences. I have been dabbling a little in dentistry for the past few days', and as far as I have gone I can't say that I hanker after it as a means of rest and relaxation. I had much rather Bit in a barbci'e cbair, and bare him pour bay rum down my ncok and ask ma if I didn't want a ecu foam or a eoilp eradicator. Aβ unpleasant and annoying to the Bonsitive Boul as that is, it ia a Bethoven symphony alongside of a rest in a dentist's ohair. It almost makes a man wish be had been born without teeth, when he oome? to having them filled. I mentioned tbis little l>oll mot to my dentist but he only grunted and told mc not to spit on the carpet. There is something so dieoonraging to conversation in tho regular cpuiee o( dentistry that one bates to have tbo life knooked oot of a little pleasantry by a mercinary minded tooth dootor. A man can think of a good many thingo while a man's Get and a eet of boring apparatus is operating iueido bis jawe, but he can scarcely find words to give his thoughts ex pression. Then wLcn Iho merry ripple of persiflage flows forth with the saliva at some intermission of the trugedy, be hatC? to have it received as cooly &a; civil service application for offioe. This makes the last of tho Mnobeth fillinge that I have had re-placed. There were six of them at first, twelve years ago; all put in by tbo same master hand. One by one they parted from mc. Some of them willingly, yea gladly, in oompany with a pieoo of molasses candy, others broken off abruptly in tbo fi.ll tide of tboir strength and usefulness by a stray bit of oyster shell. I had a pjirl once who loosened a large front filling with one of her warm, voluptions kietea that drew liko a mustard* planter or a now pieoo of euation hose. This last one I shook out of a teeth- chaltoring con test where some one was telling ghost stories in the dark. Henoeforth Macbeth and I will bo B9 though nothing had ever passed between Uβ. I carry no raoro of bio bi. sulphate of zina around with mc and I am glad of it. My first dental experience happened in tho early part of my career, but I never think of it without a reooil of horror, whatever that The dentist, whose tooth-jerking emporium and jaw-dislooatiog parloie I patronised, went by tho name of Maobclb. Be looked like a man who would stoop to murder, if tbo man wa? smaller than he or he bad him down. I did not patronise him from ohoice but from policy. He run a half square adv. in the paper on whioh I then worked, and one morning whtu I complained of a tootbaoho, tho editor cu?getted that I should go to Macbeth. Mr. Macbeth kept o small showoaea full of teeth at tho bottom of tho stairway leading to bis biaueped becaar, and the dootor who did bueinr?son the floor abovo, also had a small, but choice collection of aristocratic corns on tho other side of the stairoase. The effcot, as wo artists cay, was harmonious but etartling. Persons would Btop as they went by to look at tho showoascs, juet as they do in front of a photographer's d'Bplay, nnd point out Mnjor Taylor's thrco-pronged molar or Mre. Judgu Tuley'j troublcsomo bard com. When I wont to Mr. Miobetb, I told him that a toothaohe was troubling mc, and that I had a large, important looking tricuspid that I would like to add to hie collodion. He said that ho didn't usually put any but the teeth of actresses and professional men in bis display, but that he mi|;bt make an exception in my case, if I would givo him a ten-line local in next week's paptr. I promised the local, and a good position ot top of tbo column, next reading matter, provided be gave my tooth tho same in his case. That was wbon 1 was young and proud. Now, I havomy teeth pulled, not necessarily for exhibition. Then I took a seat, opened my mouth and waited, while Macbeth made his txulorationn. When he relumed from the interior, ho unid there was no need of pullim- die tooth r.t all. That it ought to be filltd. !?' -Iso announced with gladsome Eurekanca.-, m.t ho 11110 dis covered five other large, underground cavities thai ought to bo stopped up. In my guilder innocence I told him to go abend with the contract. Then ho jabbed a etitk of wood inl.o my month to hold it open, while ho rummaged around among tho assortment of raips ho dope 00 (Ho. It jtcting ccmo of the Ices deadly instru ment-, ho selected bin favorite weapon and placed hirueelf in an elleuuivo attitude. He placed hia left band across tho bridge of my note to steady himself, arid hia hand ivns ac culd and clammy as tbo touch of a diiar de parted friend. I tried to remoustrate with him, but ho had already begun operations, and I could only think up things that J would say when I got loose. Alter slaking out hia claim, ho began to bore for quartz. Every onoo in a while his gimlet would slip end jab a hole in my jaw. Then he would twiat it out, brace his feet more Qraily agaicst the woodwork, Bad jab away again. Ho bo went on, tapping a vciu hero, striking paying dirt ihero, and running into a blind lead some plaoo else, till all six of tho cavities were tilled. Mr. Macbeth'* treath was neatly as itrong as his arm, and cups noar Inking tho place of chloroform. Ilia hands also lead ruo to beliovo that bo had bad tnikoy bash la? breakfast, and had boon dealt tbo neck. Out I did not complain. When raau has bin wonlh full of email crobars and nail panohes, 'v> id foolish t<l utter a word of complaint ?I'ir.ut anything. When I got a chance to get up and beat :> honorable retreat, I did co. I think Mac i'.'h must havu taken mc for (ho late Mr. Mt'UaO. 'Van demand for i.3 leather bee brought ?i.<i kbUtftvuo into iraicicout danger of cs. rvir-n, nnd r-.it-ifuri'S are iD oonttinflnlio!) '. s icsi.ic.i'i' ;.',(? vit'. l ;;liter cl tut tjiiiua! Ktbel: ''What iio you tbink of Jpb!ots' ogn?uncrit io MifsSocra?' , Jicli : " He migbt do.wone." Kih'l ; "He will—ho is (joirg (o many her." ?'Wliy, Capper, tbia isn't a bit the hind ct a lioiiec I cuppoEcd you would build.' , " No, I'm rather surprised myself, but the firohiicot is vtry noli satisfied." 