A Gilded Youth's I'a«5?a' ? Oh, tell tne nf rural glarlo, Of fresh, free air and npunJingrille, And iw**a «<?r: of \7hnn shades, Of seething rivers, sun kissed billt. Go, bumpkins, take your All of them, Whilst I 'mid peaceful pleasures stray Such u tbc tea nt five p. v., The german and the matinee, Let others hunt the timid roe, The bounding stag, the subtle hire, Whilst I in solitude will go And stalk the oyster in bis lair. Let restless spiritn hunt the snipe, Of prairie chickens slay a host, And still the plover's pcusive pipe \ But giro me calm nnd quail on toast, Qo, ribalds. toy with finny tribes, And tbink to take their lives no sin | But give to mc, and Bparo your gibes* The peaceful joy of terrapin, From bibbling brook and rippling rill, Mft'l roystercM, ao drink ; 'tis vain, I only ask to drink ray till Of f;izcn absinthe and champagne* Let coarse young swains in folly stray, With rosy maids with hair a-curl« I only a*k A neat coupe And supper with a ballet girl. Ye madcap wights, who rise at dawn, Insatiate to dig and delve, I do not envy ye; but on I'll slumber till tho hour of twelve.. Attune your pipes, attend your flock*, And toot your llutes, if joy it bring*) I am content to have a box Wlion Adelina 1'atti sings. With Cliloe fair, and Phyllis sweet Disport ye in your sylvan ehrino ( An heiress with a fortune neat is much more in my simple line. Go, breathe your incensedaden air With fragrance of the clover bloome l Its odors never can compare With Monsiour Lubin s nicoperfumes, flo revel in thy rosc-clad cot, Voluptuary sybarite, A brown-atone front shall bo my lot Heplete with simple, pure delight. Th0 Last Man-There ja one individual that wc have always felt great sympathy for, and that is the last man in the procession. Ho doo&n; t want to be the Inst man, of course, but irfcplacable fate put» him there and there beseem* to stay. There's no way of getting out of it. Did you ever wait long enough to see the last man in a groat street parade ? Of course there must be a last man in a procession as there is a head mau to lend it. He is that thrice unfortunate individual who closes up the rear. He grows tired of waiting, long bo. fore the procession gets under way, and has half a mind to break ranks and go home. The crowds press on him and little boye jeer him. Then, as the long procession moves down the street, be in conscious all the time that every body will bo weary of the show by the time becomes along, laboriously bringing up the war, and no matter how well he may march, no one is going to pay any attention to him. His only utility weema to be to keep the big express wagons from crowding on to the fel. lows preceeding bini Tho rear of a long procession always stragglea more or leas, and it becomes neces sary for those .composing it to break into a sharp run frequently, in ordqr to avoid get ting left altogether. Then it is that the Iant man hiw a very distressing time of it. Dogs chase him and bark at hi.i heels, He is cut of! by a wagon at a cross street, which whips in and preventa bis joining tha main body, and if he isn't nimble enough to jump over the wagon, ho is liablo to get mixed up with all oorteof vehicles and curaed by thed-ivors individually and collectively. Sometimes he ia compelled to niako a long detour of aide and parallel streets in order to catch up with the procession again. Tho populace are not favorably disposed to tho last man, somehow, There Is a disposi tion to hoot at him, and mischievous fellows have been known to throw obstacles in his way to trip him up. Wo have seen him trip on a hoop, stumble over an old wheelbarrow, roll over a barrel and be knocked down flat by an express wagon going half a block. Youoau't help admiring tho persistency of tho man and his ovident determination to bring up the rear at whatever personal sacrl. flee. It id a thankless operation, though. VirginiaI'r&ditioa.-Onco; in the life of every man ho hears the seven whistlers' call, They aro strange birds on whom mortal eyes have never rested, the whistle of whose wings sometimes falls upon the startled ear. And there is always a port rnt of something momen tous for good qr evil, even though they may not '"drea their welfd " for weeks after the seven whistlers' call. Like all portents, their coming is mostly in the gloaming. For then, after all, is tho "witching hour." There is in tho quiet of a eccluded country side in tho twilight shadows which falls from tho heavens a mystical Rignificance of another world, and of tho flimsy nt ructure of tho veil intervening, which is to be found at no other hour of the twenty- four. It is then, by same lonely wood pond, or in some valley circled by woods, that this hush is broken by a faint, far beat, distinct note in the air, not on earth or in the sky overhead, taken up and repeated six times, and ever growing clearer and more distinct, and finally pealingaway with arii9h of wings and a sound of passing like that which in all the Mediterranean isles singled tbe death of " the Oreat Pan " when Chriet was born, Wovela.-Many novels, interesting enough and well written, are only calculated to lead the mind astray. Novels, like other books, are made to sell, and so competition is lively, authors via with each other in the effort to fill the pages of their works with the most interesting exciting plots that the imagina tion can invent. It is not to that claw of novels known to be decidedly obscene that reference is made. These are condemned, professedly, by society, and in many of the States their sale is prohibited. Hut the popular mind is often so closely allied to tho openly impure literature wo condemn, as to be scarcely worthy a belter name than that which is reputed. Tho language, it is true, is cautiously'selected to clothe the thoughts, but tbe sentiment is olfensive to purity and moral character. Yet this is very largely tha class of novels that is most eagerly sought and read. Unhappy marriages are largely the result of such novel reading, and to the same cause may mainly be attributed the separations and divorces of tbe present day. Owning ft Homo -a man who is work ing to (ueure a small piece of property sub stitutes a new and distinct ambition for a re mote and vague one. Day dreams about large estates and princely inoomes may be very amusing, but they are not half so pro fitable as a division of a lot one hundred feet by two hundred, with a snug little dwelling house upon it. With this before him, a man will rise early and retire late, turning his band cheerfully to any and every kind of work. He will have a motive for rigorous economy which will make it a pleasure. He will have tho vision of tbe last payment be fore bim as a perpetual motive to moderation in passions, economy in expenses,a bstinence from expensive pleasures and from expensive companions. Thus it will come to pass that a judicious debt, incurred at the beginning of a journeyman's or labourer's career, will become his good genius, watching over bim, inciting him to all industry and self-govern ment. pit ia ft critical moment in life when middle ago awakens a man from the Illusions that bave been crowning tbe earlier years with inward glory. 8orae aro willing to let the vision and the dream pass into easy oblivion, while tbey hasten to make up for Jost time in close pursuit of tbe main chance, Others can forgive anything sooner than their own ex ploded ideal, and the ghost of their dead en thusiasm haunts them witb an embittering nre&enee.; '" 