THE THREE TABERNACLES BY THE BET. T. DIE WITT TALMAGB, D.D. " Let us make three tabernacles." Our Arab ponies were almost dead with fatigue as, in December, 1889, we rode near the foot of Mount Hermon, in the Holy Land, the mountain called by one " a mountain of ice," by another a glittering breastplate of ice," by another " the Mont Blanc of Palestine." Its top has an almost unearthly brilliance. But, what must it have been in the time to which my text refers ! Peter and James and John were on that mountain-top with Jesus, when, suddenly, Christ's face took on the. glow of the noonday sun, and Moses and Elijah, who had left the earth for centuries, came out from the heavenly world and talked with our Saviour. What an overwhelming three ! Moses, representing the law, Elijah, representing the prophets, and Christ representing all worlds. Impetuous Peter was so wrought upon by the presence of this wondrous three that, without waiting for time to consider how preposterous was the proposition, he cried out, " Let us make three tabernacles ; one for Thee, one for Moses, and one for Elijah." Where would they get the material for building one tabernacle, much less material enough to build two tabernacles, and still less, how would they get the material for building three ? Where would they get the hammers ? Where the gold ? Where the silver ? Where the curtains ? Where the costly adornments? Hermon is a barren peak, and to build one tabernacle in such a place would have been an undertaking beyond human achievement, and Peter was propounding the impossible when he cried out in enthusiasm, " Let us build three tabernacles." And, yet, that is what this congregation have been called to do and have done. The first Brooklyn Tabernacle was dedicated in 1870 and destroyed in 1872. The second Brooklyn .Tabernacle was dedicated in 1874: and destroyed by fire in 1889. The third Brooklyn Tabernacle was dedicated in April, 1891 and in that we are worshipping to-day. What sounded absurd for Peter to propose we have not only done, but, in the mysterious providence of God, were compelled to do. We have been unjustly criticised by people who did not know the facts, sometimes for putting "so much money in church buildings, and sometimes for not giving as much as we ought to this or that denominational project, and no explanation has yet been made. Before I have done with the delivery of this sermon I shall show that no church ou earth has acted more generously, and that no church ever conquered more trials, and that no membership ever had in it more heroes and heroines than this Brooklyn Tabernacle. And now I mean to have it known that any individual or religious newspaper or secular newspaper that hereafter casts any reflection on this church's fidelity and generosity is guilty of a wickedness for which God will hold him or it responsible. One year it was calculated through a syndicate of newspapers that this church was doing nothing in the way of liberality, when we had that year raised 94,000 dollars in hard cash for religious uses There has been persistent and hemispheric lying against this church. We have raised during my pastorate, for church building and religious purposes, 998,000 dollars, or practically 1,000,000 dollars. Not an Irish famine, or a Charleston earthquake, or a Chicago conflagration, but our church was among the first to help. We have given free seats in the morning and evening services to 240,000 strangers a year, and that, in twenty years, would amount to 4,800,000 auditors. We have received into our membership 5,357 members, and that is only a small portion of the numbers who have here been converted to God from all parts of this land and from other lands. Under the blessing of God, and through the kindness of the printing press, my sermons now go every week into every neighbourhood in Christendom, and are regularly translated into all the great languages of Europe and Asia. The syndicates having charge of this sermonic publication informed me a few days ago that my printed sermons every week, in this and other lands, go into the hands of 25,000,000 people. During the last year, I am authoritatively informed over 2,000 different periodicals were added to the list of those who make this publication And yet there are ministers of the Gospel and religious newspapers that systematically and industriously and con tinuously charge this church with idleness and selfishness and parsimony. I call the attention of the whole earth to this outrage that has been heaped upon the Brooklyn Tabernacle. I have never before replied to these injustices, and probably will never refer to them again, but I wish the people of this country and otter countries to know that what they read concerning the selfishness and indolence and lack of benevolence and lack of missionary spirit on the part of this church is, from top to bottom and from stem to stern, falshood. What is said against myself has no effect, except, like that of a coarse Turkish towel, the rubbing down by which improves circulation and produces good health. But this continuous misrepresentation. of my beloved church, in the name of Almighty God I denounce, while I appeal to the fair-minded men and women to see that justice is done this people, who, within a few years, have gone through a struggle that no other church in the land or any age has been called to endure—viz., the building of three tabernacles. I ask the friends of the Brooklyn Tabernacle to cut out this sermon from the newspapers and put it in their pocket-books, so that they can intelligently answer all falsifiers, whether cleric or lay. And with these you may put that other statement which recently went through the country, and which I saw in Detroit, which said that the Brooklyn Tabernacle had a hard financial struggle, because it hsdall along been paying such enormous salaries to its pastor, Dr. Talmage; when the fact is that after our last disaster, and for two years, I gave all my salary to the Church Building Fune, and in addition to serving this Church gratuitously for two years. actually gave 6,000 dollars for building purposes. Why is it that people could not do justice, and say that all our financial struggle as a church came from doing what Peter in my text absurdly proposed to do, but which, in the inscrutable providence of God, we were compelled to do—build three tabernacles ! Now, I feel better that this is off my mind. The rest of my sermon will be spun out of hosannahs. I announce to you this day that we are at last, as a church, in smooth waters. Arrangements have been made by which our financial difficulties are now fully and satisfactorily adjusted. Our income will exceed our outgo, and Brooklyn Tabernacle will be yours and belong to you and your children after you, and anything you see contrary to this you may put down to the confirmed habit which some people have got of misrepresenting this church. When 1 came to Brooklyn, I came to a small church and a big indebtedness. We now have this, the largest Protestant church in America, and financially as a congregation we are worth, over and obove all indebtedness, considerably mere than 150,000 dollars. I have preached here twenty-three years, and I expect, if my life and health are continued, to preach here twenty-three years longer although we will all do well to remember that our breath is in our nostrils, and any hour we may be called to give an account of our stewardship. All we ask for the future is that you do your best, contributing all you can to the support of our institutions. Our best days are yet to come; our great revivals of religion, and our mightiest outpourings of the Holy Ghost. We have got through the Bed Sea and stand to-day on the other bank clapping the cymbols of victory. Do you wonder that last Sabbath I asked you in the midst of the service to rise and sing with jubilant voice the long-meter Doxology ? Praise God from whom all blessings flow, Praise Him all creatures here below, Praise Him above, ye heavenly host, Praise Father, Son. and Holy Ghost. Tes, twenty-three years have passed since I came to live in Brooklyn, and they have been to me eventful years. It was a prostrated church to which I came, a church so low down it could drop no further. Through controversies which it would be useless to rehearse it was well-nigh extinct, and for a long while it had been without a pastor. Only nineteen members could be mustered to sign a call for my coming. As a committee was putting that call before me in an upper room in my house in Philadelpha, there were two other committees on similar earands from other churches in other rooms, whom my wife was entertaining and keeping apart from collision. The auditorium of the Brooklyn church to which I came defied all the laws of accoustics; the chur«h had a steeple that was the derision of the town, and a high box-pulpit which shut in the preacher as though he were dangerous to be let loose, or it acted as a barricade that was unnecessary to keep back the people, for they were so few that a minister of ordinary muscle could have kept back all who were there, My first Sabbath in Brooklyn was a sad day, for I did not realise how far the church was down until then, and on the evening of that day my own brother, through whose aid I entered the ministry, died, and the tidings of his decease reached me at six o'clock that evening, as I was to preach a half-past seven. But from that day the blessing of God was on us, and in three months Me began the enlargement of the building. Before the close of that year, we resolved to construct the first Tabernacle, f It was to be a temporary structure, and therefore we called it a Tabernacle instead of a Temple. What shall be the style o£ the architecture was the immediate question. I had always thought that the ampnitheatrical shape would be appropriate for a church. Two distinguished architects were employed, and, •efter much hovering over designs, they announced to us that such a building was impossible for religious purposes, as it would not be churchly, and would subject themselves and us to ruinous criticism ; in other words, they were not ready for a revolution in churcH architecture. Utterly disheartened as to my favourite style of architecture, I said to the trustees ; " Build any thing you please, and I must be satisfied," But one morning a young architect appeared at my house and asked if we had yet selected apian for our church. I said " No, and what we want we cannot get." "What style of building do you want," he asked. And taking out a lead pencil and a letter envelope from my pocket, in less than a minute, by a fewcurved lines, I indicated in the rough what I wanted. "But," I said, "old architects tell us it can't be done, and there is no use in your trying." He said, " I can do it. How long can I have to make out the plans?" I said " This evening at eight o'clock everythinf is to be decided." At eight o'clock of that evening the architect presented his plans, and the bids of builder and mason were presented, and in five minutes after the plans were presented they were unanimously adopted. So that I would not be in the way of trustees during work, I went to Europe, and, when I got back, the church was wellnigh done. But here came in a staggering hindrance. We expected to pay for the new church by the sale of the old building. The old one had been sold, butjustatthe time we must have the money, the purchasers backed out and we had two churches and no money. By the help of God and the indomitable and unparelleled energy of our trustees (here and there one of them present to-day, but the most in a better world) we got the building ready for consecration, and on September 25, 1870, morning and evening dedicatory services were held, and in the afternoon the children, with sweet and multitudinous voices, consecrated the place to God. Twenty thousand dollars were raised that day to pay a floating debt. In the morning old Dr. Stephen H. Tyng, the glory of the Episcopal Church, and the Chrysostom of the American pulpit, preached a sermon, which lingered in its gracious effects as long as the building stood. He read enough out of the Episcopal Prayer-book to keep himself from being reprimanded by his Bishop for preaching at a non-Episcopal service; and we, although belonging to another denomination, responded with heartiness as though we were used to the Liturgy " Good Lord, deliver us !" During the short time we occupied that building, we had a constant downpour of religious awakening. Hosannah ! Ten million years in heaven will have no power to dim my memory of the glorious times we had in that first Tabernacle, which, because of its invasion of the usual styles of church architecture, was called by some " Talmage's Hippodrome," by others " Church of the Holy Circus," and by other mirthful nomenclature. But it was a building perfect for acoustics, and stood long enough to have its imitation in all the large cities of America, and to completely revolutionise church architecture. People saw that it was the common-sense way of seating an audience. Instead of putting them in an angular church, where each one chiefly saw the back part of somebody else's head, the audience were arranged in semicircle, so that they could see each other's faces, and the auditorium was a great family circle seated around a fireplace, which was the pulpit. It was an iron structure, and, we supposed, fireproof, but the insurance companies looked at it, and, after we had gone too far to stop in its construction, they declined to insure it, except for a mere nothing, declaring that, being of iron, if the inflammable. material between the sheets of iron took fire, no engine hose could play upon it. And they were right. During those days, we educated land sent out from a lay college under our charge some twelve hundred young men and women, many of them becoming evangelists and many of them becoming regularly ordained preachers, and I meet them in all parts of the land toiling mishtily for God. ~ [Tribe continued!) Long prayers are neither edifying to man nor pleasing to God. Dr. Arnold said : ' I would rather send a boy to Van Dieman's Land where he must work for his bread, than to Oxford, to live in luxury, without any desire in his mind to avail himself of his advantages." 