Some Dental Remini scences. I have been dabbling 8 little in dentistry (or the past few days, and as far as I hare gone I can't say that I banker after it as a means of rest and relaxation. I had much rather sit in a barber's chair, and have him pour bay rum down my neok and ask me if I didn't want a Bea foam or a scalp eradioator. As nnpleasant and annoying to the sensitive eonl as that is. it is a Bethoven symphony alongside of a rest in a dentist's chair. It almost makes a man wish he had been born without teeth, when he comes to having them filled. I mentioned this little bon mot to my dentist bat he only grunted and told me not to spit on the carpet. There is something so discouraging to conversation in the regular course of dentistry that one hates to have the life knocked ont of a little pleasantry by a mercinary minded tooth doctor. A man can think of a good many thingo while a man's fist and a set of boring apparatus ia operating inBide his jaws, bat he can scarcely find words to give his thoughts ex pression. Then when the merry ripple of persiflage flows forth with the saliva at some intermission of the tragedy, he hates to have it received as cooly as civil service application for office. This makes the last of the Macbeth fillings that I have had re-placed. There were six of them at first, twelve years ago; all pnt in by the same maBter hand. One by one they parted from me. Some of them willingly, yea gladly, in company with a pieoe of molasses C8ndy, others broken ofi abruptly in the full tide of their strength and usefulness by a Btray bit of oyster shell. I bad a girl once who loosened G large front filling with one of her warm, voluptious kisses that drew like a mustard plaster or a new pieoe of suction hose. This last one t shook out of a teeth-chattering con test where some one was telling ghost stories in the dark. Henceforth Macbeth and I will be as though nothing had ever passed between us. I earry no more of his bi Bulphate of zinc around with me and I am glad of it. My first dental experience happened in the early part of my career, but I never think of it without a recoil of horror, whatever that is. The dentist, whoso tooth-jerking emporium and jatr-dislooating parlors I patronised, went by the name of Macbeth. He looked like a man who would stoon to murder, if the man was smaller than he or he had him down. I did not patronise him from choice but from policy. He run a half square adv. in the paper on which I then worked, and one morning when I complained of a toothache, the editor suggested that I should go to Macbeth. Mr. Macbeth kept a small showcase full of teeth at the bottom of the stairway leading to his biousped bazaar, and the doctor who did businesson the floor above, also had a small, but choice collection of aristocratic corns on the other side of the staircase. The effect, as we artists say, was harmonious but startling. Persona would stop as they went by to look at the showcases, just as they do in front of a photographer's display, and point out Major Taylor's three- pronged molar or Mrs. Judge Tulej'a troublesome hard corn. When I went to Mr. Macbeth, I told him that a toothache was troubling me, and that I had a large, important looking tricuspid that I would like to add to his collection. He said that he didn't usually put any but the teeth of actresses and professional men in his display, but that he might make an exception in my case, if I would give him a ten-line local in next week's paper. I promised the local, and a good position at top of the column, next reading matter, provided he gave my tooth the same in his case. That was when 1 was young and proud. Now, I have my teeth pulled, not necessarily for exhibition. Then I took a Beat, opened my month and waited, while Macbeth made his explorations. When he returned from the interior, he said there was no need of pulling the tooth et all. That it ought to be filled. also announced with gladsome Eiurekaness, ih&t; he had dis covered five other large, underground cavities that ought to be stopped up. In my_ guileless innocence I told him to go ahead with the contract. Then he jabbed a stick of wood into my mouth to hold it open, while he rummaged around among the assortment of rasps he kept on file. Rejecting some of the lees deadly instru ments, he selected hia favorite weapon and placed himself in an offensive attitude. He placed his left band across the bridge of my nose to steady himself, and hia hand was as cold and clammy as the touch of a dear de parted friend. I tried to remonstrate with him, but he had already began operations, and I could only think up things that X would say when I got loose. After staking out his claim, he began to bore for quartz. Every onoe in a while his gimlet would slip andiab a hole in my jaw. Then he would twist it ous, brace his feet more firmly against the woodwork, and jab away again. So hs went ' on. tapping a vein here, striking paying dirt there, and running into a blind lead some place else, till all six of the cavities were filled. Mr. Macbeth's breath was nearly as strong as h*s E^tm, and came neas taking the place of chloroform, His hands also lead me to believe that he had had turkey hash lot: breakfast, and had been dealt the neck. But I did not complain. When man has his month full of small crobars and nail pnnches, ha is foolish to utter a word of complaint about anything. When I got a chance to gel up and beat an honorable retreat, J did so. I think Mac beta must have ta^eg me for the late Mr. Mc.Dug. THE demand for its leather has brought tho kangaroo into imminent danger of ex tinction, and measures are in contemplation for re3trietins the slaughter of the animal. Ethel: "What.do you think ofJoblots1 ergagement to MiBS Sears?" .Tack : " He might do worse." Ethel: " He will-be is going io marry ber." "Why, Casper, this iBn'fc a bit the kind of a house I supposed yon would build." " No, I'm rather surprised myself, but arcbiteot is very veil satisfied." 