In the Days of the A MILITARY NOVEL. G. 1L. H E N T Y, Acthoe op flie Curse of Cavno's Hold," "A Hidden Foe," "Tlio riugao Ship," "With Clive in India," to. l-AXL QUEENSLAND EIGHTS EESEEVED.j CHAPTER XIII.—{Continued.) /^J| LL felt better and more cheerful Ml 11 after having taken Borne coffee. firTa ' It is difficult to believe, jSSj Miss Hannay,' Richard said, that this is all real and not a sort of picnic or an early start on a hunting expedition.' ' It is, indeed, Mr. Richards. I can j hardly believe even now that it is all true, and have pinched myself two or three times to make sure that I am awake.' ' If the villains venture to attack us,' "Wilson said, ' I feel sure we shall beat them off handsomely.' ' I have no doubt we shall, Mr. "Wilson, especially as it will be in daylight. Tou know you and Mr. Richards are not famous for night shooting.' The young men hoth laughed. '"We shall never hear the last of that tiger story, MisB Hannay. I can tell you it is no joke shooting, when you have been sitting cramped up on a tree for about six hours. We are both pretty | good shots—of course I don't mean like the doctor, but we always make good scores with the targets. Come, Richards, here is another lot of things. If they go on at this rate, the sepoys won't find much to loot in the bungalows to-morrow.' Just as daylight was breaking, the ser- I vants were all called together and given | the choice of staying or leaving. Only some eight or ten; all of whom belonged to the neighbourhood, chose to go off to their villages. The rest declared they would stay with their masters. Two of the party by turnB had been on watch all night on the terrace to listen for any sound of tumult on the lines, but all had gone on quietly. Rathurst had been working with the others all night, and after seeing that all his papers were carried to the court-house, ho had troubled but little about his own belongings, but had assisted the others in bringing in their goods. At daylight the major and his officers | mounted and rode quietly down towards the pnrode ground. Rathurst and Mr. Hunter, with several of the servants, took their places at the gates in readiness to open and closo them quickly, while the doctor and the other Europeans went up to the roof, where they loaded and placed in readiness six guns each, from the store in the court-house. Isobel Haunny and the wives of two captains were too anxious to remain below, and went up to the roof also. The doctor took his place ! by them, examining the lines with a field-glass. The officers halted when they reached the parade ground, and sat on their horses in a group, waiting for the men to turn out as usual. ' There goes the assembly,' the doctor stud, as the notes of the bugle- came to their ears. ' They even are turning out of their tents. There, I can. make out | Forster, he has just mounted, a plucky fellow that.' Instead of straggling out on to the parade ground as usual, the sepoys seemed to hang about their tents. The cavalry mounted and formed up in their lines. Suddenly a gun was fired, and as if at the signal, the whole of the infantry rnBhed forward towards the officers, yell ing and firing; and the latter at once turned their horses and rode towards the courthouse. ' Don't be alarmed, my dear,' the doctor said to Isobel. ' I don't suppose anyono ! is hit. Tho sepoys are not shots at- tho host of timeB, and firing running they would not ho ahlo to hit a haystack at a hundred yards. ■ The cavalry stand firm you see,' he said, turning his glaBs in that direction. 1 Foroter is haranguing ticm. There, thrco of the native officers are riding up to him. Ah ! One has fired at him! Missed! Ah! That is a better shot,' as the man fell from his horse, from a shot from Mb captain's pistol. The other two rushed at him. One he out down, and the other Bhot. Then he could he seen again, Bhouting and waving his sword to the men, but their yells could he heard as they rode forward at him. ' Hide, man, ride,' the doctor shouted, although Ms voice could not have been heard at a'quarter of the distance. • But instead of turning Forster rode right at them. There, was a confused melee for a moment, and then his figure appeared beyond the line, through which he had broken. With yells of fury the troopers reined in their horses, and tried to turn them, but before they could do so the officer was upon them again. His revolver cracked in his left hand, and his sword flashed in his right. Two or three horses and men . were seen to roll over, and in a moment he was through them again and riding at full speed for the court-houec, under a scattered fire from the infantry, while the horsemen, now in a contused mass, galloped behind him. " 'How then,' thedoctorshouted, picking up his rifle; 'let them know we are within range, but mind you don't hit Forster. Fire two or three shots, and then run down to the gate. He is well mounted and has a good fifty yards' start of them.'" Then taking deliberate aim he fired. The others followed his example. Three of the troopers dropped from their horses. Three times those on the terrace fired, and then ran down, each at the doctor's order, taking two guns with him. One of these was placed in the hands of each of the officers who had just ridden in, and they then gathered round the gate. In two minutes Forster rode in at full speed, then 15 muskets flashed out, and several of the pursuers fell from their horses. A minute later the gate was closed and barred, and the men all ran up to the roof from which their muskets were fired simultaneously. ' Well done,' the doctor exclaimed. ' That is a good beginning.' A minute later a brisk fire was opened from the terrace upon the cavalry, who at once turned and rode rapidly hack to their lines. Captain Forster bad not come scathlcss through the fray, his cheek had been laid open by a sabre cut, and a musket hall had gone through the fleshy part of his arm as he rode hack. ' This comes of fighting when there is no occasion,' the doctor growled, when he dressed Ms wounds. ' Here you are charging a host like paladin of old, forget ful that we want every man who can lift an arm in defence of tbis place.' ' I think, doctor, there is someone else wonts your services more than I do.' ' Yes ? Is anyone else hit.' ' Ho, I don't know that anyone else is bit, doctor, but us I turned to come into the house after the gates were shut, there was that fellow Bathurst leaniDg against the wall as white as a sheet and Bhaking all over like a leaf. I should say a strong dose of Dutch courage would be the best medicine there.' ' You do not do justice to Bathurst, Captain Forster,' the doctor said gravely, j 1 He is a man I esteem most highly. In some respects ho is the bravest man I know, hut he is constitutionally unable to stand noise, and the sound of a gun is torture to Mm. It is an unfortunate idiosvnoracy for which he xs ■ in no way accountable.' 'Exceedingly unfortunate, I should say,' Forster said with a dry laugh. ' Especially at times like this. It is rather unlucky for Mm that fighting is generally accompanied by noiBe. If I had suoh an idiosyncrasy, as you call it, I would Wow out my brains.' 1 Perhaps Bathurst would do so, too, Captain Foratcr, if he had not more brains to blow out than some people have.' ' That is sharp, doctor,' Forater laughed good-temperedly. 'I don't mind a fair hit.' '"Well, I must go,' the doctor said, somewhat mollified; ' there is plenty to do, and I expect, after theBe fellows have heid a council of war, they will be trying an attack.' "When the doctor went out he found the whole of the garrison busy. The major had placed four men on the roof, and had ordered everyone else to fill the hags that had been prepared for the pur pose with earth from the garden. It was only an order to the men and male ser vants, but the ladies had all gone out to render their assistance. As fast as the natives filled the bags with earth the ladies sewed up the mouths of the bags, and the men carried them away and piled them against the gate. The garrison consisted of the six mili tary officers, the doctor, seven civilians, ten ladies, eight children, 38 male servants, and six females. The woik, therefore, went on rapidly, and in the course of two hours so large a pile of bags was built up against the gate that there was no probability whatever of its being forced. ' How,'the major said, 'we want four dozen bags at least for the parapet of the terrace. "We need not raise it all, but we must build up a breastwork two bags bigli at each of the angles.' There was only just time to accomplish this when one of the watch on the roof reported that the sepoys were firing the bungalows. As soon as they saw that the Europeans officers had gained the shelter of the courthouse the sepoys, with yells of triumph, had made for the houses of the Europeans, and their disappointment at finding that not only had all the whites taken refuge in the courthouse, but that they had removed most of their property, vented itself in setting fire to lie build ings, after stripping them of everything, and then they amused themselves by keeping up a straggling fire against the courthouse. As soon as the hags were taken on to the roof, the defenders, keeping under the shelter of the two parapets, carried them to the corners of the terrace, and piled them two deep on the parapet, thus forming a breastwork 4 feet high. Eight of the best shots were then chosen, and two of them took post at each corner. 'How,' the doctor said cheerfully, as he sat behind a small loop-hole that had been left between the bags, ' it is our turn, and I don't fancy we shall waste as much lead as you have been doing.' The fire from the defenders was slow, but it was deadly, aud in a very short time the sepoys no longer dared to show themselves in the open, hut took refuge behind trees, whence they endeavoured to reply to the fixe on the roof, but even thiB proved so dangerous that it was not long before the fire ceased altogether, and they drew off under cover of the smcke from the burning bungalows. l6obel Hannay had met Bathurst as he was carrying a sack of earth to the roof. ' I have been wanting to speak to you, Mr. Bathurst, ever since yesterday even ing, but you have never given me an. opportunity. Will you step into the storeroom for a few minutes as you come down ?' As he came down he went to the door of the room in which Isobel was standing awaiting him. ' I am not coming in, Miss Hannay. I believe I know what you are going to eny. I saw it in your face last night when I had to tell that tiger story. You want to say that you are sorry you said that you despised cowards. Do not say it ; you were porfectly right; you cannot despise me one-tenth as much as I despiso myself. While you were looking at the mutiueers from the roof I was leaning against the wall below well nigh fainting. What do you think my feelings must be that here, where every man is brave, where there are women and chil dren to he defended, I alone cannot hear my part ? Look at my face, I know there is not a vestige of colour in it. Look at my hands, they ore not steady yet. It is useless for you to speak. You may pity me, but you cannot but despise me. Be lieve me, that death when it comes will he to me a happy release indeed from the shame and misery I feel' Then, turniug, he left the girl without another wcrd, and went about his work. The doctor had, just before going up to take his place on the roof, come across him. 1 Come in here, my dear Bathurst,' he said, seizing his arm and dragging him him into the room which had been given ■up to him for his drugs and surgical appliances, 'let me give you a strong dose of ammonia and ginger; you want a pick-up I can see by your face.' ' I want it, doctor, but I will not take it,' Bathurst said. 'That is one thing I have made up my mind to. I will take no spirits to create a courage that I do not possess.' ' It is not courage; it has nothing to do with courage,' the doctor said angrily. ' It is a simple question of nerves, as I have told you over and over again.' ' Call it what you like, doctor, the result is precisely the same. I do not mind taking a strong dose of quinine if you will give it to me, for I feel as weak as a child, bat no spirits. "With an impatient shrug of the shoulders the doctor mixed a strong dose of quinine and gave it to him. An hour later a Budden outburst of musaetry took place. Yot a native showed himself on the side of the house facing the maidan, but from tbe gardens on the other three sides a heavy fire was opened. ' Every man to the roof,' the major said, 1 four men of each of the rear corners, three to the others. Do you think you are fit to fire, Forster ? Had you not better keep quiet for to-day; you will have opportunities enough.' ' I'm all right, major,' he said care lessly. 'I can put my rifle through a loophole and fire, though I have one arm in a sling. By Jove!' he broke off suddenly, 'Took at that fellow Bathurst, he looks like a ghost.' The roll of musketry was unabated, and the defenders were already beginning to answer it, the bullets sung thickly overhead, and above the din conld he heard the shouts of the natives. Bath urst's face was rigid and ghostly pale. The major hurried to him. ' My dear Bathurst,' he Baid, ' I think you had better go below. You will find plenty of work to do there.' ' My work is here,' Bathurst said, as if speaking to himself, ' it must he done.' The major could not at the moment pay further attention to him, for a roar of the fire broke out round the enclosure as from the ruined bungalows and every bush as the sepoys, who had crept up, now com menced the attack in earnest, while tbe defenders lying behind the parapet re plied slowly and steadily, aiming at the puffs of smoke as they darted our.. His attention was suddenly called by n shout from the doctor. ' Are you mad, Bathurst ? lie dcwn, man, you are throwing your life away.' Turning round the major saw Battinrjf standing upright hy the parapet, facing the point where the enemy's fire was hottest. He held a rifle in hi3 hand, but did not attempt to fire; his figure Bwayed slightly to and fro. ' Lie down,1 the major shouted. ' Lie down, sir,' and. then as Bathurst still stood unmoved he was about to rush forward when the doctor from one side and Captain Forster from the other rushed towards Bathurst through a storm of bullets, seized him in their arms, and dragged him hack to the centre of the terrace. ' Xobly done, gentlemen,' the major said as they laid Bathurst down, ' it was almost miraculous your not being hit.' Bathurst had struggled fiercely for a moment, and then his resistance had suddenly ceased, and he had been dragged back like a wooden figure. His eyes were closed now. ' Has he been hit, doctor ?' the major asked. ' It seems impossible he can have escaped. What madness possessed him to put himself there as a target ?' ' 2Co, I don't think he is hit,' the doctor said, as he examined him. ' I think he has fainted. We had better carry him down to my room. Shake hands, Forster, I know you and Bathurst were not good, friends, and you risked your life to save him.' ' I did not think who it was,' Forster said with a careless laugh. ' I saw a man behaving like a madman and naturally went to pull him down. However, I shalL think better of him in future, tliov gh I doubt whether he was in his right senses.' ' He wanted to be killed,' the doctor said quietly, ' and the effort tbat he made to place himself in the way of death must have been greater than either you or I can well understand, Forster. I know the circumstances of his case. Horally I believe there is no braver man living than he is; physically he has the consti tution of a timid woman; it is micd against body.' ' The distinction is too fine for me, doctor,'l'orsttrsaid, as he turned to go off to his post by tlie parapet. ' I under stand pluck and I understand cowardice, but this mysterious mixture you speak of is beyond me altogether.1 The major and Dr. Wade lutedBathurst and carried liim bolow. Mrs. Hunter, who had been appointed chief nurse, met them. 'Is he badly wounded, doctor?" ' Ho; he is not wounded at all, Sirs. Hunter. He stood up at the edge of the parapet, and exposed himself so rashly to the sepoys' "fire that we had to drag him away, and then the reaction, acting on a nervous temperament, was too much for him, and ho fainted. We shall soon bring him round. You can come in with me, hut keep the others away.' The major at once returned to the terrace. In spite of the restoratives the doctor poured through his lips and cold water dashed in his face, Bathurst was some time before he opened Ms eyes. Seeing Mrs. Hunter and the doctor beside him, he made an effort to rise. ' You must lie still, Bathurst,' the' doctor said, pressing his hand on his shoulder. ' You have done a very foolish thing, a very wrong thing. You have tried to throw away your life.' 4 Ho, I did not. I had no thought of throwing away my life,' Bathurst said, after a pause. ' I was trying to make myself stand fire. I did not think whether I should he hit or not. I am ; not afraid of bullets, doctor; it's the horrible, fiendish noise that I cannot I stand.' I 4 I know, my hoy,' the doctor said ! kindly, 4 but it comes to the same thing. You did put yourself in the way of bullets when your doing so was of no possible advantage, and it is almost a miracle that you escaped unhurt. You must remain here quiet for the present. I shall leave you in charge of lire. Hunter. There is nothing for you to do on the roof at present. This attack is a mere outbreak of rage on the part of the sepoys that we have all escaped them. They know well enough thoy can't take this house by merely firing away at the roof. When they attack in earnest it will be quite time for you to take part in the affair again. How, Mrs. Hunter, my orders are absolute that he is not to be allowed to get up.' On the doctor leaving the room he found several of the ladies outside, the news that Mr. Bathurst had been carried down having spread among them. 'Is he badly hurt, doctor ?' 4 Ho, ladies. Mr. Bathurst is, unfor tunately for himself, an extremely nervous man, and the noise of firearms have an effect upon him that he cannot by any effort of his own overcome. In order, as he says, to try and accustom himself to it he went and stood at the adge of the parapet in full eight of the sepoys and let them blaze away at him. He must have been killed if Forsterand I had not dragged him away by main force. Then came the natural reaction and he fainted. That is all there is about it. Poor fellow, he is extremely sensitive on the ground of personal courage. In other respects I have known him do things requiring an amount of plnck that not one man in a hundred possesses, and I wish,you all to remember that his ner Tontness at the effect of the noise of fire arms is a purely constitutional weakness, for which he is in no way to be blamed. He has just risked his life in the most reckless manner, in order to overcome what he considers, and what he knows that some persons consider, is cowardice, and it would be as cruel and, I may say, as contemptible to despise him for a con stitutional failing as it would be to despise a person for being born a humpback or a cripple. But I cannot stand talking any longer. I shall be more useful on the roof than I am here.' Isobel Hannay was not among those who had gathered near the door of the room in which Bathurst was lying, hut the doctor had raised his voice, and she heard what he said, and hent over her work of sewing strips of linen together for bandages with a paler face than had been caused hy the outbreak of musketry. Gradually the firing ceased, the sepoys had suffered heavily from the steady fire of.the invisible defenders, and gradually drew off, and in an hour from the com mencement of the attack all was si'ent round the building. ' So far so good, ladies,' the major said cheerily, as the garrison, leaving one man on watch, descended from'tbe roof. ' Wt have had no casualitics, and I think we must have inflicted a good many, and the mutineers are not likely to try thut guinc on again, tor they must seo that they, are wasting ammunition, and are not likely to frighten us. 2fn\v I hope the servants have got thTen ready for us, for I am sure We'luve all excellent appetites.' 1 Tiffen is quite ready, major,' Mrs. Doolan, who had been appointed chief of the commit sariat department, said cheer fully. ' Tlie servants were a littlo dis organised when the firing began, but they soon became accustomed to it, and I think you will find everything in order in the hall.' The meal was really a cheerful one, the fact that the first attack had passed over without anyone being hit raised the spirits of the women, and all were dis posed to look at matters in a cheerful light. The two young subalterns were in high spirits, and the party ware more lively than they had been since the first outbreak of the mutiny. All had felt severely the strain of waiting, and the reality of danger was a positive relief after the continuous suspense. It was much to them to know that the crisis had come at last, that they were still all together and the foe was without. ' It is difficult to believe,' Mrs. Doolan said, ' that it was only yesterday evening we were all gathered at the major's. It seems an age since then.' 'Yes, indeed,' Mrs. Rintoul agreed; ' the night seemed endless. The worst time was the waiting till we were to begin to move over. After that I did not so much mind, though it seemed more like a week than a night while the things were being brought in here.' ' I think th6 worst time was while we were waiting, watching from the roof to see whether the troops would come out on parade as usual,' Isobel said. ' When once nncle and the others were all in, and Captain Forster, and the gates were shut, it seemed that our anxieties were over.' 'That was a mad charge of yours, Forster,' the major said. ' It was like the Balaclava business, magnificent, hut it wasn't war.' ' I did not think of it one way or the other,' Captain Forster laughed. ' I was so furious at the insolence of those dogs attacking me that I thought of nothing else, and just went at them; hut, of course, it was foolish.' 'It did good, the doctor said. 'It showed the sepoys how litttle we thought of them, and how a single white officer was ready to match himself n gainst a squadron. It will render them a good deal more careful in their attack than they otherwise would have been. It brought -them under our fire, too, and they suffered pretty hpavily, and I am sure the infantry must have lost a good many men from our fire just now. I hope they will come to the conclusion, that the best thing they can do is to march away from Delhi, and leave us severely alone. Now what are your orders, major, for after breakfast ?' • I think the best thing is for everyone to lie down for a few hours,' the major said. ' No one had a wink of sleep last night, and most of us have not slept much for some nights past. "We must always keep two men on the roof to he relieved every two hours. I will draw up a regular rota for duty, but except those two the rest had better take good sleep. We may he all called upon to be under arms at night.' ' I will go on the first relief, major,' the doctor said. ' I feel particularly wideawake. It is nothing new to me to be up all night. Put Bathurst down with me,' he said, in a low tcne, as the major rose from the table. ' He knows that I understand him, and it will be less painful for him to be with me than with anyone else. I will go up at once, and send young Horpur down to his breakfast. There will be no occasion to have Bathurst up this time. The sepoys are not likely to be trying any pranks at present. No doubt they have gone back to their lines to get a meal.' The doctor had not been long at bis post when Isohel nannay came up on the terrace. They had seen each other alone comparatively little of late, as the doctor bad given up his habit of dropping in for I a chat in the morning since their conver sation about Bathurst. ' Well, my dear, what is it?' he asked. ' This is no place for you, for there are a few fellows still lurking among the trees, and they send a shot over the house occasionally.' ' I came up to say that I am sorry, doctor.' 'That ib right, Isobel. Always say you are sorry when you are so, although in nine cases out of ten, and this is one of them, the Eaying so is too late to do much good.' ' I think you are rather hard upon mo, doctor. I know you were speaking at mo to-day when you were talking to the others, especially in what you said at the end.' ' Perhaps I was, hut I think you quite deserved it.' ' Tes, I know I did, hut it was hard to tell me it was as contemptible to despise a man for a physical weakness ho could not help as to despise one for being horn humpbacked or a cripple, when yon know that my brother was so.' ' I wanted you to feel that your con duct had been contemptible, Isabel, and I put it in the way that was most likely to comb home to yon. I have been .disap pointed in you. I thought you were more sensible than the run of young women, and I found out that you were not. I thought you had some confidence in my judgment, but it turned out that you had not. If Buthurst had been killed when he was standing up, a target for the sepoys, I should have held you morally responsible for his death.' ' You would have shared the responsi bility, anyhow, doctor, for it was you who repeated m/ words to him.' ' "We will not go over that ground again,' said the doctor quietly. ' I gavo you my reasons for doing so, and those reasons are to my mind convincing. Sow I will tell you how this constitutional nervousness on his part arose. He told me the story, but as at that time there had been no occasion for him to show whether he was brave or otherwise, I considered my lips sealed. Sow that this weakness has been exhibited, I consider _ my self more than justified in explaining its oiigin.' And he then repeated the Btory Bathurst had told him. 'You see,' he said, when he had finished, 'it is a constitutional matter beyond his control, it is a sort of anti pathy. I have known a case of a woman courageous in all other respects, who at the sight of even a dead cockroach would faint dead away; one of the most gallant officers of my acquaintance would turn pale at the sight of a spider. Certainly no one would have thought of calling either one or the other a coward, and cer tainly such a name should not he applied to a man who would face a tiger armed only with a whip in defence of a native woman, because his nerves go all to pieces at the sound of firearms.' ' If you had told me all this before I should never have spoken as I did,' Isobel pleaded. ' I did not go into the full details, but I told you that he was not responsible for his want of firmness under fire, and that I know him in other respects to be a brave man,' the doctor said uncompromisingly. ' Since then you have by your manner driven him away from you. You have flirted, well, you may not call it flirting,' he broke off in answer to a gesture of denial, 'but it was the same thing, with a man who is undoubtedly a gallant Boldier —a very paladin if you like—but who in spite of his handsome face and pleasant manner is no more to he compared with Bathurst in point of moral qualities or mental ability than light to dark, and this after I had like an old fool gone out of my way to warn you. You have disap pointed me altogether, Isobel Hannay.' Isobel stood motionless oefore him with downcast eyes. ' "Well, there, my dear,' the doctor went on hurriedly, as he saw a tear glisten in her eyelashes, ' don't let ns say anything more about it. In the first place it is no affair of mine, and in the second place, your point of view was that most women would take at a time like this, only, you know, I expected you would not have done just as other women would. We cannot afford to quarrel now, for there is no doubt that although we may put n good face on the matter, our position is one of grave peril, and it is of no use troubling over trifles. Yow run away, and get a few hours' sleep if you can. You will want all your strtngth before we are through with this business.' (7b be Continue//.) 