OP THE DAY. A new modd. for Ui ereoinf. cloak (a writ» on " Drees for die New Year," in the Biandard, says) 3a of rich grey aad blaofc brocaded satin, with a large vide. ^llar, iintb b&a;, (uid fronts of black Thibet lamb or aatradwn.^he eofter, looser wool baring Ibe best appearance. Htm cloak is far-lined, and reaches down to tbe tett, covering the gown. A shorter halflength opera cloak, of white brocaded velret, lined with golden-brown satin, bas the upright collar, and fronts of the new Visor for, which much resembles marten-tail, and is - becoming very fashionable for trimming purposes, for which its anweis very well. A collarette of white Thibet Iamb fur makes a charming addition to evening dress, end will be found cosily warm and comfortable. A mixture of colours forms the most striking features in the latest Parisian creations in millinery. Either the flowers are of different colours, or the rosettes of ribbon of different colours. Thus, in one model, peach colour, vert d'eau, and rose de Chine, are the colours used for the narrow satin ribbon rosettes ; in another, blue, pink, and grey. Feather, crowns, lined, of course, are another feature ; black ostrich feathers over heliotrope velvet, wide strings of this colour coming from the back, and the raised brim lined with tne velvet drawn in full pleats, the tips of the feathers falling over and forming an edging to the brim over the forehead. Another bonnet is a sort of beef-eater shaped mass in dark blue velvet, with pale pink and greyish green rosettes of frayed out silk, the strings being of tbe velvet. A white terry velret bonnet, with white ostrich feather crown, was charming. In this,' the velvet was full inside the front of the brim, and a diamond bntterfly set adorned the folds to the left eider A striped white velvet bonnet was studded over on the left side with sparkling jet butterflies, the wide silk strings, cut on the cross, fastened by the same ornaments. Black satin hats, in quite a new shape, are fashionable. They have brims lifted on one side, and are simply trimmed with either black or coloured ostrich feathers on the crown. One of the smartest, and, at the same time, cosiest,- of driving coats is made of fine sealskin, and has a deep roll collar, which can either be turned up to protect the back of the neck and ears, or turned down, showing the scarf. This coat is cut doublebreasted, fastening Vith large tortoise-shell buttons, with loose, straight back, and long, straight sleeves, set in rather high and full on the shoulders. Its' loose fit makes it very comfortable to drive in, and yet does not interfere with its style. For a wrap worn over the habit when driving to cover it is most convenient. The same shape in a soft, thick, rough fawn cloth, with roll collar of beaver lined with squirrel or some warm material, is, of course, less expensive, and answers the same purpose ; the buttons for this would be either of bone matching the cloth, or pearl. These are only three-quarter length coats. High collars and shoulders maintain their popularity, and fur jackets and cloaks are made much in this fashion. We present a sketch from a Regent-, street shop window of a seasonable and warm astrachan three-quarter jacket. Bodices for tweed gowns are ( Wddon's Ladies' Journal says) comparatively plain in make, sometimes tight-fitting in Newmarket form, sometimes with a deep tabbed basque, while those opening to show a waist of another material are extremely smart. For home gowns greater scope is allowed, and these bodices are in many cases of the corselet make, with the npper part fulL Where two materials are èmployed, or where the material is to be trimmed with passementerie, velvet, or fur, the corselet bodice is in high favour. Among the pretty belts shown Ibis season is the Swiss shape in velvet, beaded and Jewelled most elaborately, and finished with a deep beaded fringe. The long Newmarket jacket is very serviceable in cold weather ; one of the newest models is in tweed in brown and blue check, the blue being very faint. This is lined with a soft woolly material, it is loose in the back, fitting in veiy slightly to the waist, with one pleat and buttons on the back seams. The collar is a deep- roll, tbe sleeves made with deep cuffs. A soft hat of the same material, with wing feathers, looks well worn with it. WOMEN take part in the discussions of Wisconsin farmers' clubs. Tne editor of the Port Pima Begiiter has his office and register connected by telephone. Yesterday Mr. Skidd, of Little Falls, an old friend, called on the editor and expected to remain for dinner. The editor hurried to the telephone and shouted to his wife: " Mr. Skidd will be up with me to dinner, lay an extra plate." " Now," said the editor, " Mr, Skidd, you may converse with her." As the gentleman was about to approach the instrument these words were plainly heard: "Yon tell Mr. Skidd we don't keep à hotel on wash-day." Mr. Skidd excused himself for a few moments, and was next seen eating fried clams in the Bainbow Salooa on the corner. TJU following verdict was given in writing by the foreman of a coroner's jury in Nebraska : " We are of A Pinion that the Decest met with hir death from Yiolant Infirmation in the Arm prdust from sum Nnoan Cause." TUB speaker is a tall, parchment-faced woman carrying many bundles, and accompanied by a poodle dog and a little man, who looks unhappy enough to bsner husband. She appears at tbe door of a smoking carriage. " Quice nil, madam," says one of the occupants. " No, sir, there is room for one, and I and my husband will sit in it." 8he sniffs, and exclaims, fiercely, " James, it is'a smoking carriage." "Yes, my love," replies the husband, humbly. "I won't go in there." " Madam," says the solemn gentleman, rising in his seat," one moment ; we will express onr regrets ; my brothers, three cheers, subdued cheers, please, so as not to éhock the lady's nerves." They cheered, and she slammed the door. * SCXSET Cox made rather a good point on Judge Kelley, of Pennsylvania, when be called him tbe " perturbed ghost of pig-iron." Judge Jfelley received the hit with a pig-ironical smile. TSBKTSOH declines an offer of5000 dois, from an enterprising American for a poem in which a tragedy is averted by " Eixx's Bitten." We - despise a man who'll fool away such a chance of asking money. Send Bixx to us.—Bosiou Paper COMFOETABLE EVENING COLLARETTE. STYLISH ASTKACHAK JACKET. 