TOLD ON THE LATE WATCH. \ Thero were five of the gang in the reporter's room ami only one paclcet of plug-cut tobacco. Plug-cut tobacco is generally used for pipes, but reporters prefer cigarettes, and that is why they were not us happy as they might have been under other circumstances. It was Monday nigh t and everybody disclaimed owning a nickel. It was also too late to hope to encounter au "angel,' and all things considered the late watch bad-reason to feel sad. An "angel," by the way—and this pur parcuihttc—is.one of the few streaks of sunshine that illumine the darkness which invariably besets the latter half of the reporter's fiscal week. It is a party who possess a purse, a thirst, and a con vivial disposition. Often reporters go out looking for "angels" just the same as they go out on details after murders and things; and it is truly wonderful to note the number of journalistic friends that one reporter can meet between the moment of his first meeting any given " angel ", and accepting his invitation to have something in the nearest caravan sary. Even more beautiful still it is to watcli the diplomatic way in which the lucky one will pilot his open hearted comrade past even three or four reputable licensed victuallers' establishments, if he knows that there arc a couple of his equally thirsty comrades hanging around the door of a fifth one beyond. But this talk about " angels" is digression. It was Monday night, and' there were 110 "angels" at all in the dismal reporter's den at police headquarters. "This is what I call tough"' said Harkhell, as he rolled another cigarette in a covering of copy paper. " Tough is my eye!" ejaculated Kane. " Why, you've nothing to do but sit here and wait, wliile lots of fellows are plod ding through ten miles of mud for two sticks of copy, and don't kick at it cither." "IIow's that!"" chorused the other four, with the interest begotten of sym pathy. ""Why, that is what the fellows have to do who cover night police for the New York agencies. If I'd a nickel for every time I've covered that assignment —wc call a detail an assignment back East—I would not he trying to twist I cigarettes out of Wilson's plug-cut to night." 1 " I remember one night I was doing East Side stations, when I happened 011 what looked like a good sensation at the Bellcvuc Hospital. The episode is one that never fully found its way back in tbc eighties, but it is one that I have never been able to get out of my head, and if you wait till I roll myself another cigarette I'll tell it to yon." The reporter carefully tilted back bis chaii as lie spoke, and with his heels balanced 011 tbo desk in front, proceeded to help bimself from tlic only packet of tobacco in the place, and to curse the quality of said tobacco with deep and earnest fluency. When he had finished Lis self-imposed task, lie let his heels fall with a bang. " Now boys," said be, " I'll toll yen how a girl's grit knocked the bottom out of au Al store. " It was neaily midnight when I got to Bulluvuo Hospital, and, so far, I had not picked up a line of news in the sta tions along my route. I looked over the book for u list of eases. There were half a dozen broken legs and tilings, a few contusions and split scaljis that were not worth even a local brevity ; and then, with 110 particulars of her hurt or aliment, was written the name ' Carrie Stein.' " iVow Carrie Stein is as common a. name among Gei mans as May Smith would be among English people ; never theless it interested me then, and tasked the attendant what was the matter with the woman, whoever she was, and why her illness laid not been regularly en tered on the register. " -Well,' said hu, ' we're iust waiting for developments and I guess it is a coroner's case anyhow. There's an otii • cer over tliere wiio will toll yon more than I can. He is waiting for the coroner to cotue and take her ante-mor tem statement.' ''Luckily I knew the officer. He was from the lhtli Precinct; I lmd met him on a couple of other eases previously and we had become quite friends. "He told me the story tersely enough. Carrie Stein was a young girl and a beautiful one. Wlmt her real name was she refused to tell, and there was nothing whatever in her possession whereby she could be identified. " ' She's Dutch, sure said ho, ' but for all that she do he a rale lady. She's dying, too,an' that's as sure sis God made little apj iles.' " Then lie told mo the rest of her .story. Some one had ruined her; who it was, the girl refused to tell. She had gouo to one of those criminal practitio ners in which all big cities abound, and his treatment had killed her. She gave the doctor's name quick enough,'said the officer, 'an' Sergeant Duggau's gone to arrest him. They'll be here'right away, and the coroner wid 'em; an'deu we'll get her deposition, an,' please God, the mail as is responsible will be after swingin' for murder.' " Even as he spoke tlie door opened uud the sergeant entered with his pri soner. Behind him came coroner Eid liiaini and four other reporters, who had 'got 011' to the story at the l'.Hh Precinct station. " They were nil dripping wet and shivering with the cold, for it was a dreary night outside. All were excited over the prospects of a big story, tiiat is all except the wretched doctor, who was pale as a. ghost with terror, and whoso nose and forehead were reeking with big beads of perspiration. " ' lily God.'' he said, ' I never did it! It's a lie! I never saw the girl. It's ' Shut up,' said the sergeant. 'What are ycr holleriu' fori* Who said you. done anything r " At that moment one of (he hospital physicians came into the office. " ' Coroner,' said he, ' if you want that woman's ante-morlem statement you had belter hurry tips tail's. Shu's sinking fast.' " We wasted uo more time, but all got into tbe elevator, the police and-tlieir prisoner eulcring first, while we boys fol lowed with the coroner. " I can remember what followed as plainly as though it occurred hut yester day. "We all crept into the ward stealthily. The gas was turned so low (hat the beds louked like while catafalques in the gloom "and you could hear nothing but the moaning of wretched women as they trembled on beds of pain, and occasion ally the short sleiiiorious grunts of others endeavoring to suppress unhidden shouts of agony. Three big block folding screens had been placed around 011c cot, and to that we were beckoned by one of the nurses. "On the bed behind the wall of screens lay Carrie Stein—one of the loveliest Women T have ever set my eyes on. She was tail and dark. Great masses of wavy black hair were tossed about her pillow, and her clear cut features were simply patrician in ilieir regularity. She liad one of those Cupid how mouths, and black eyes that gleamed like coals in lier foverishuuss. One could see by her thin narrow hands and almond-shaped nails that she had never hud to work for a livelihood ; in line, she was gentle born, and, as the officer had described her, a lady. " Slic tried to smile when we clustered around her bed, and even endeavored to greet us, hut- was too weak to do so. " The coroner was a little hit nervous. It was a hard task for him to tell sucli a sweet looking girl that she was about to die ; hut she saw the loulc of trepidation ou his face and understood it. " ' I am dying, sir!' said she, ' I know it.' " You have seen those blank forms on which they write ante-mortem state ments. Well, Eiduianu hacl a bundle of them- in his pocket,- and he handed tlicui to me.; ' You eau write quicker than I eau, ICaiic.' said he, ' jot down what she says, while I question her.' " There was a little table at the head of the bed, and, using it for a desk, I en deavored to write out her story. "' You know you are going to die ?' "' Yes, sir.' " ' Do you know this malt "The 'Sergeant brought his prisoner to the bedside. " ' Yes, sir.' " ' She doesn't 1 I swear she doosu't !' cried the wretch : while the Sergeant seized him by the neck as though to throttle him, and whispered in his ear, ' Don't shout before women folk fliat are dying !' '" 4 Did he do anything to you '' con tinued the Coroner. " o"'l looked at the wilting scoundrel, and then buck to liei* ques tioner. *' 1 Ho killed me,' she whispered, and then she closed her eyes. The nurse held a little glass of brandy to her lips, but the girl was slow to re vive. 1 watched her and saw that her hps were getting blue, and that the black rings bcneutlj her eyes wore deepening. Outside the screens, and through the daik passage way of th» ward the accused practitioner was stalking up and clown between the beds .ike a madnuut. " ' I am not guilty I am not guilty!' I heard him say ; and then he would go up to the eot of some suffering woman and clutch her by flic arm. and reiterate ' I am not guilty !' " i lie girl revived a little, and tlic ex amination continued. She told all the particulars of her visit to the physician. She gave her ago us nineteen, her birth plaee Germany. " ' "Whereaboutsin Germany asked the Coroner. " ' I will not tell.' " 'And your name r " ' Carrie Stein." " ' Is that your real naiuor' " Yo ; but it will do.' " ' But what is your real nnmer' "'I will not tell.' " 'Some extra data about how and when she met the physician were coaxed from the dying girl, and then, for a second time, she fainted away. As soon as she recovered the examination commenced again; but not a word could be got from Carrie that would implicate any one but the doctor. " The end was drawing very near, and for the third time the coroner attempted to secure the name that might be tbo link totlio girl's entire history, j " ' You had a lover,' he said. I "'Iliad' " ' Does he know that you are dy ing f' " The tears came into her black eyes as slio answered ' Yo.' ' Y on t you tell us his name r' " 'Yo she answered; and the third tunc a gleam of a smile shone through the pallor of her face. " ' And why won't you:' wheedled the Coroner. Carrie Stein gave a gas]'. Iler thin fingers clenched, and with a last effort, she raised herself on her elbows. I can see her eyes now, and feel the stare she gave first at me, for I was nearest to her, and then at Coroner ISidmann. It was a stave of triumph, an exulting gleam of conquest. " 'Whyshe cried.' Why 1—Why will I not tell you :' " ' Ach Gott! loh liubo, Ich Hebe" ('I Jove him, X Jove him.') " iSlie sank back, and ber eves closed «?«•. :l'"1 tUc ,mrso hastened tolielp her. As she did so, the coroner turned around mm faced ns reporters. Boys, said he, and his voice sounded husky; 'Boys, that girl is a brick. u" may want a story from her, but I respect grit. I'll be hanged if I'll ques tion her again for (he name of the man that betrayed her She loved him vou sec, and some of us have had lovers our selves ."' "I °u have no occasion to question her, Coroner,' interjected the hospital physician at this point. ' Gentlemen,' lie continued, 'we had bettor go down to the oflice: Carrie Stein is dead.' " Enw.viiD A. il'onrnY. 