NEWS AND NOTES ik a NUTSHELL THE BUSY MAN'S COLUMN. I San. Fine. Mod. .Sbov. Clear, Strike. Parades. (Reketo. Crisis over. Jtmlstrywin. Corcioor'aDay,' Iwdyawtiaii, Maideodmntoe. Vtgoroavinvoetrte,' Beer lu approved. Sfasolson- tfas Corner. Wrrnn will (i yaiin Fifty-rtiroe to thirty -two. Excitement atBrokenfiUL Sbeep-obcari&g; by machinery. SUskt«artiiqaaico nLGumlagaL Sir M. H. Jtevteaaconrteved ab-'FHsco. Spring peaspocta brighter across the Surrey. Mr Us&rodnterviswsXsrrdRrpoa-o-iho; Hew Hehridm. Royal HoericaltoratSoeistyteriiQlb'show |4»-mocrow. Adelaide 'Cbaogo vciynUck. Broken Hills, 57s 6d. Standing Committee on<RiUwaya-coat the olony L16,1G4. Mr Morley sympathises -withho- Jrish evicted tenant, To-morrow's developments at- thoBarrier anxio ualy mwai te d. 'a24,(H7 paid by Victorian Government in .sort butter bonuses. Bar silver is a farthing lower— 3s l|d per -ez— in London-yesterday, Tennessee miners anxious tolynch -odo of their, leaders a traitor. Typhoon and eartbquako wreck-towns and kill 600 persons in Japan. Canadian barquo and all tho crew lost in Alcoa Bay. South Africa. Very acceptable rains in tho southern and oath. western parts of N.S.VV. Bain general thronghout South Australia, Including tho northern districts. Lockout of journeymen tailors in Wan. hotter, Sheffield and Newcastle. Thlrty-six' silver mines closed at Idaho, U.S., owing to tho low price of silver. Frco labor obtained in place of railway nionlstson strike in New York state. Government opponents admit to-day that . tho no confidence motion was badly arranged Tho Labor Party will support Mr Ralli, Mr Mor!eyi» opponent at Newcastlc oo- ffyne. Railway Unionists in tho United States enraged at their defeat by the railway com- " Excessive duty ' alleged by an Insolvent ; In Now South Wales as tho canio of his failure. The Opposition defeated bat not down- 1 east. They state they will have thonumbors next time. i Raid on Chinese gambling houses at Beudigo. Fan-tan. Thirty Chineseand one Syrian captured. Somo splendid quartz obtained from 'M'Lcan's Reef, near Stawell. Vlold about 9cz a ton. Dopth less than 20ft. Mctbonrno firms and companies obtained L16.070 of tho export butter bonus, and sonntry factories and producers, L7168."" Thomas Wiliiains, said to be tho oldest man in Western Australia, has died at Northampton, in that colony, aged 101. . In accordance with bis speeches and vote, Mr W. T. Carter haa creased the floer. Ho pow hangs up his hat in tho Opposition room. i The Government now has four whips, two rf whom aro Ministers— Mews pnttrimand Peacock. -Moreover, they aro capable \- whips, r J Arthur rtillbome Hamilton, of tbo Grand Hotel, Quecuscliff, has filod his schedule Liabilities set down at L25,55r>, and assols l«3O,018; , Jt is said Lhat members in'tho Ministerial Corner supported the Government because the other sido did not tell them for whom intl lor what they wcro required to vote. | Several members of thu Ministerial Corner itate tbat they would bnvo voted for the no tbnfideace motion if they bad born favored ith more confidence by tbo movers in tho (natter. j A member of the Cabinet ridicules mo tactics of tho Opposition, He saye there is t want of policy as welt as of polish in their Ityle. Members say the same of the Pre mier's metaphors. j " The ghost still walks" at Coburp. Last night tho idiotic apparition waltzed around Bell Park aod scared tbo life out of somo gonng ladies ou their way homo. A number if young fellows have resolved to lay tho Ni (host out if they get a chance. . The improved geld returns from tho Bcniigo and Ballarac mines aro making themselves apparent in the records of the i Melbourne Mint! Last week considerably over a ton of gold was received, and 260,000 sovereigns (about two . tons) were turned ont. ' Tho trial of William Henry Govs, builder and contractor, of South Yarra, oh tho : charge of perjnry, was entered on in the Criminal Court this morning. The prosecution arose out of a recent land case tried In tbo Supreme Court la which Goss, who was the defendant in an action brought by Thomas G. Hnytcr, aware that be had never been in Haytcr's office on «>cetlain date. Judgment was given in the Sefendant's tavor, and the plaintiff then latd asi information against him for perjury. 