tOVE BETTER THAN SACRIFICE: AN INTERNATIONAL CONFLICT. BY OSCAR PARK. " "n. L CHAPTER HI. STRAINED RELATIONS. They were to start at eleven the next morning. To a message from Mrs. .Burdick, asking Miss Mowbray whether she would not go with them, the girl had sent an affinnatfee answer. It was a visit she had wished to make, but she had not wished ihat Signor Marconti should be of their party. She felt annoyed that Mrs. Burdick should bavfl mentioned the iirouoscd- excursion while he was present, and vet she was not. so unjust as to visit upon ihatladyeventliegentlest of reproaches. I was unfortunate ; that , was all. Signor Marconti had plainly not lost a certain real or assumed devotion, wliich liad.declaied jtself some months before when lie liad met- her in London, and which offended her without her being able to cay clearly why, beyond- the .feet that it was dis tasteful. Nothing in the nature of a proposal liad ever been made to her by him, and she could not say that at any moment of their ac quaintance this man's conduct was other than that of a gentleman, making allowances for the differences of expression belonging respectively to the Saxon and Latin races. - Nevertheless, in all his intercourse with her there was a warmth which chafed her constantly; though it never ap proached a limit where shefelt justified in resent- 1 TJ J i-a l.m nnnr C<1«a «/\f nn vn Xn<T It. lb aiiCUIUU LD1IC1 uuw iiiaucuu uiu uui/ uwc tomake one of the party to the catacombs if he, too,wasto"be of it ;andshe hadquite made up her - mind that she would lemain with her father for the day. Not that there was. any necessity for her services. He always deelared peevislily to every such offer of hers, that his servant suited him better than anyone else. She went to his sitting-room when she left the party in the drawing- room and gave him an account of the evening. She concluded it by"feaying ".They are all going to the Catacombs to-inorxows and for a drive on the Canipagna and lunch. They asked me to go, but I prefer not." - He had not looked at her or spoken during her account. Now with his eyes still on the wood fire before him he asked — "Who are to go, do you say?" " Mr. and Mrs. Burdick, MrkTliorndon, Signor Marconti, and the young gentleman who spoke to ns in the Forum to-day, Mr. Dormsen." " I wish you to go with them." She looked at him in surprise. He never spoke In this way hut for some reason.' of weight with him, and she could not conceive what it might portend. But her response to _Mrs. Burdick's inquiry was — "Yes, I 6liall go with you." There were two carriages forifche party, and as they drew up at the doors of '"the hotel Signor Marconti stepped eagerly forward to assist Miss Mowbray ami secure a place by her side. Her eyes had caught the movement, and she impulsively turned to Dormsen, who stood near her, and said, 'Will you ride with Mm. Burdick and me, Mr. Dormsen ? " ; Dormsen, with a quick flush qf lplcasnre, stepped before the Italian without noticing the purpose of the latter, over whose face passiM an angry scowl. But- Dormsen saw nothing of ifrand, after assist ing the ladies to their places, followed them into the carriage. The second cartilage held the other three gentlemen. They drovefflpwn the modern Via Nationale with its monoipnous rows of tall and ugly buildings ; througli themarrow streets of the older and poorer quarters the Capi- toline and the Quirinal ; nfelie spot where Tarquinia drove her chariot niphe dead body of her father ; past the /rgqiuppi&es; of the Colosseum ; then between tbfelgatilened slopes of the Palatine and Caelius, lands of this deserted qnarter of 'Tldjne.;-, through the ancient walls by the gate of Sliastianand into the Anpian Way. They halSBBanateway opened on a broad gravel waIM||P|||k: -" > "I have arranged," said SjralMarconti, as they all stood together at riiemiaanee, "tor a more extended walk throiighaSBicomhs than visitors usually have." They passed on to the steep«jrway, made at some recent date for a more wnpnlqdious descent to the passages below. J?o given a long lighted taper, and presemly tiieylfitood far under- " ground on the uneven surfaceoFHie uppermost of these dismal tunnels.. Everyonefpows, at least by description, the general featurcsf the Catacombs, but no one can conceive exceptvby personal ex perience the horrible depression which ever gathers weight as you wind qnward in that in terminable grave. U pon all our party there came a sudden silence, as the last ray oksunligli t faded and their fitful torches threwstiange. ghost-like gleams into the channelled spaces, branching ever and anon from right and left they advanced, or on some pallid bones and Skulls grinning at tliem from the opened niches they. were passing. They were walking in a tunnel, whose roof rose scarcely above their heads ;! the floor uneven and rugged ; the Avails so close together in places that t heir clothing almost touched on each side the rudely excavated stone. On theywent, turning and winding, noAv on a sharp descent, and even, as it seemed, plunging" deeper and deeper into the depths of the earth. It became too fearful to endure in silence, and a gaiety that was evidently forced and unnatural echoed along the galleries. A remark, wliich cojuld he -tortured into the sem blance of a jest, would arouse, jpeals of laughter. To think in silence was torture. The place was enough like a tomb, without those endless graves, to shake the stoutest heart unfamiliar with its horrors ; but to everyone the hncofiined skeletons half disclosed from" amid .their black shadows under the passing glimmer of the tapers emphasised the terrors of the place. That man or woman must have a heart of stone, a spirit of wood, who can go unmoved through the Cata combs. He is not a coward who shrinks from it, and whose lip pales in those hideous vaults ; but he who really feels the nameless terror and endures it is blessed with a courage of generous proportions. " Shall it never end ?" muttered Christopher Dormsen to himself, as they seemed to go deeper and deeper. - He alone of theta all appeared to have no heart even for the affected hilarity of the others: A cold perspiration caught the light in innumerable tiny drops ail over his" face and forehead. It was not the warmth of that ! ' underground air, for he shivered from time to i time as though chilled. It weighed upon him j more horribly than a nightmare, from wliich we ' struggle in vain tobefreed. The close walls seemed j .to press upon his lungs, and the breath, came i laboured as with an effort. . To him it was not i the consciousness of the uses to which these awful pits were put.; not the graves and their fleshless j bones that made tile torture so great, but the i sense of confinement, of suffocation, of slow death ' in hopeless gasps for air. He did not speak. He ; heard the voices — the laughter of the others, as in a dream one hears the speech of others from some vast distance. His mind cauglit no sense of what was said. He was walking just In front of Miss Mowbray and behind Marconti, who wasfollowing the guide, ; Mr. Burdick was the last. His interest was not so j keen as to make it probable he would wander from the party, so that they were very sure to remain a compact body, while he was the last and the guide first. Some remark of bliss Mowbray's caused the Italian to turn towards her, and, as he did so, his eyes fell on Dormsen's face. Itwasinipossiblethat his keen vision should not detect the other's dis tress. His glance rested but an instant on Donnsen,and he turned back again and walked on .without speaking, though he had clearly looked i behind him with tbepuroose of making some reply 'to Miss Mowbray. His bloodless lips became com pressed, and his eyes peered down the unexplored .passages they passed with avindictive light which Was certainly not roused by -the emntv Gloom into winch they looked. There are men with whom fancies rise into the dignity of facts upon the unaided impulse of their own passions. We think ordinarily that motives to deeds of wrong must be justified to the common sense of mankind ; but, as always when we generalise, we make our rule too narrow, or omit to allow for the excep tions. And it is trite to say that in no field of ; possible knowledge are exceptions so many and so inexplicable as to our general rules of mental phenomena. Mr. Burdick, from his post at the rear, gave assurance from time to time of his presence. His voice now sounded along the line before him, though mu filed by the close and winding walls and roof. ' ' What a dreadful waste of labour this Li 1 Couldn't they grow mushrooms down here ! " "Mr. Burdick," said his wife reproachfully, ' you are incorrigible. I believe you would turn the cathedrals into wine vaults if you could have four way," «'Nq. no." he answered; "they don't use i these things for any purpose now— except fa exercise." " Yes, if this fellow walks us about much more," said T'lormlon, in a somewhat indignant tone, " I shall wish we bad one of youi waggons down here, Mr. Burdick, to take us back. I think we have walked a couple of miles into these endless holes, and they are all quite alike for anything lean see. One group of galleries and shelves and family vaults and bones is just like another group. How they ever got to their own, or distinguished it when they did get to it, is more than 1 can understand." He had scarcely spoken, when a sudden turn brought theiu to the foot of the steps l>y wliich tlieyTad entered, and a glimmer of day light broke upon them. Without retracing any of their steps, but by a wide circuit, tbey bad again reached the entrance. When tliey stood once more in the day light even the least sensitive among them felt the relief — the dear boons of light and untram melled space. Dormsen walked quickly away towards the waiting carriages, and Mr. "Burdick followed liim, leaving the others chattering over the strange experience with a rebound to joyous life that was no longer affected. Dormsen stood with uncovered head, wiping the moisture from his forehead and panting hard a« though from some severe physical or mental strain, when Mr. Burdick came up to him. " It shames me," said Dormsen, apologetically, " that I am so much affected by that grave." " Oh, nonsense ! " was the reply, " we all felt queer. It's an uncomfortable hole, or scries of holes rather. But I followed you up because I wanted to ask you something. You'll excuse me, I know. I'm a blunt fellow and usually say what I think, and ask any questions that come iuto my head. Do you know this Italian, Mr. — what's his name — Marconti 1 " 4 T cow' liim VAefiWilnir aav f-lin rP 7, 4 si the first time. I do not know him more." " Has he any grudge against you — dislike ; you for anything, you know ? Ever get in his j way ? " j " How could it he, Mr. Burdick ? No, I am ! sure not. We have nothing in common ; no." j " Well, he looked at you once while we were | down in the Catacombs, as though he would like i to bury you there and leave you. If I was in j your place I would keep an eye on him, unless I , was prepared to let him have his own way." j The others were comiug up to them, Signor Marconti walking with Miss Mowbray behind j Mrs. Burdick and Mr. Thorndon. " I hoped to have come in the carriage with you, i Miss Mowbray,!' he was saying. "Do you think I should have joined your party for the society of the English ennuyt or the American ? " " They are my friends, Signor Marconti. I hope you will speak well of them, or at least not ill, whatever you may think." "No, pardon, Miss Mowbray! Not your friends.' There cannot he a common ground between you and them. You cannot think their thoughts. And the other — Monsieur Dormsen — he is a hoy ; but I envied him his privilege." He was watching her face closely, and saw the quick flush which overspread it and faded as quickly again. He placed his- own interpretation upon it, but in fact it only arose because his words recalled her impulsive act, by which she had spared herself tins man's companionship in the ride. There was no opportunity for more. They had reached the carriages and were soon .seated and on their way to their picnic ground, wliich was to be under the shadow of the arches of one of the Aqueducts, whose long lines stretch across the Canipagna. It was in deference to a whim of Air. Burdick's that the place was selected. To liim these waterways wore fascinating in proportion to tires r absurdity. _ ' It was one of the mildest of the Roman winter days, and the shadows tempered the warmth of the sun with their welcome shelter. The rolling level of the Canipagna stretched away on all sides; here to the haze hoveling above the sea ; there to the long, gray walls of the ancient city ; and before tliem — to right and left — to the foot of the Alban mountains and the Sabine hills. The fresh grass-sprang in thick tufts about (lie foot of the massive pillars of the Aqueduct, and . green lizards flashed here and there among the leaves or over the grey stones. No sound of life reached them. Beyond and within the circle of those dis tant walls what life had throbbed for long ages ! And there along the line of the Appian Way lay the ruined tombs of those who had walked" the streets of the marble city long before the walls now looked npon were built. And all about lay the desolate fever-plagued wastes, where once had been blooming gardens and waving fields of corn. "How much more vividly," exclaimed Clara Mowbray, "I can picture the old life of Rome when I get away from its distracting mixture of all the centuries, and only see its great walls from a spot like this. My fancy can put what it will behind them now." " I could be more enthusiastic about it," half grumbled Thorndon, "if they had made their water- pipe tight. That is the second drop this , Aqueduct has leaked into my neck."' , " Oh, this sort of thing," said Mr. Burdick, glancing up at the old arch above them with a look of disgust, " this sort of thing is a sliam. ; When 1 think. of the general inutility of such a contrivance, and the shameful waste of labour : and money in " j "Mr. Burdick!" interrupted his wife," have you ; any conception of the delight of an unalloyed j holiday?" j " Or of conversation without vulgarity," said j Marconti, in a tone pitched so low as only to reach i the ear of Clara Mowbray, near whom he had I placed himself. j " It is better than coarseness," she answered, , without looking at him. He bit his lip and turned presently to Dormsen. j " And yon, Mr. Dormsen, you find this expanse ; more generous than the Catacombs of St. Cal- | listus. ' " Yes, the Catacombs were appalling. I shall not repeat my visit. " "They are not pleasant, Mr. Dormsen. It is j not pleasant to be lost in them, should you think?" "Why do you suggest such a horror?" asked Miss Movvbray. "Has it ever happened?" Mrs. Burdick in quired, with a shudder. "Ah, yes! I will shew Mr. Dormsen some day," he said, as be turned again to that young man, " something interesting in one of the Cata combs. I will trice him to the spot where a man once perished in awful agony. A few steps more would have brought him to the light, but he died iu the darkness and loneliness and horror of his sure fate." Dormsen rose and walked away without reply ing. Marconti looked after him with a sinister smile on his lips, which Mr. Burdick noted, if no one else did. Clara Movvbray was conscious that some spirit, not altogether a fitting guest at a pic nic, wasmovingin their midst, but the feelingpassed as the lunch progressed, and a more jovial temper asserted itself among them all. Even Marconti yielded to its influence, though that was not so remarkable perhaps, since his was a nature that could plot and parley at the same time. And Dormsen, while lie never could be wholly himself with a spirit so antagonistic to his own breathing the same atmosphere with him, yet felt, as die could not help feeling, the influence of the bright day and genial air and, more than all besides, the delight of a companionship which was beginning to move liim with strangcforce. So the early after noon wore on and the shadows were growing towards the east when they started on their return drive, IT« be coniinuaL\ XL 1.AMDLADT was complaining mat sne couldn't make both ends meet. " Well," said a border, " why not make one end vegetables ? ' Happy is the father whose children are so young that he oan delude them into the belief that the pro cession is all there is of the circus. . Silver dollars with holes in them are painfully numerous, but they are not half so painfully \- linlaa nrifknilf. fl.T)V fill VP r dolLuS &TOUHQ; HUWcruuo (» uwitB —v — — them. Ak hVgTipli5 wp.nf, to New York and put up a sign "Established in 1804," and rather prided him self upon the antiquity of his establishment. The next day his Yankee rival across the way burlesqued his sign in this way; " Established yesterday. No I old goods on hand " A little fellow five years old, who had been wear- I ing undershirts much too small for him, was one day, after having been washed, put into a garment as much too large as the other liad been too small. Our six-year-old shrugged his shoulders, shook himself, walked around, and finally burst out with, " Ma, I do i feel awful lonesome in this shirt!" Harvard students are organising s total absti nence eociety, " free from pledges, bigotry, and importunity, ' and based on " common sense, self- respect, end gentiemanliness." The society will favour total abstinence, but a member will be allowed freely "to withdraw from the organisation whenever he finds the practice of its principle too much for hisr 