FICTION". A GHOST ON A BICYCLE. A GROUP of cyclists were seated round the fire in the comfortable inn of Ponty-Pridd, in North Wales, Their talk was of thrilling ex periences on the bicycle, and just as the interest was beginning to flag Tom Bodkin asked whether any of the company had ever seen a ghost upon a bicycle. Nearly all of them laughed at the idea. 'Don't laugh, gentlemen,* said Bodkin, quietly, * I saw one !' * The thing happened in this way. To begin at tbe beginuing, Dick Naggs and myself were running neck-and-neck for a dear little girl who I shall call Sophie ByleB. ' Sophie was a tormenting little witch. She flirted with both of us in a thoroughly impartial way; and, if either of us at tempted any of those foolish remon strances thBt fellows desperately in lore will sometimes venture on in such pro voking circumstances, she would only toss her dainty little bead, and, elevating her slightly retrousse nose, shrug her shoulders disdainfully, and say, * Please don't speak to me any more, Tom'—or Dick as the case might be. ' Now, Dick and I, strange to say, were the best of friends, although we were the best of rivals. We bad been chums - for several years, lodging in the same 'digs,' j and getting on together capitally, j ' When we discovered we were both hopelessly gone over Sophie we had a long talk over the matter, and the upshot of it was that we shook bands over a fair agree ment to go in for ber, each of us, fairly and squarely, and let tbe best man win, neither taking any mean advantage of tbe other. ' Things went on nicely under this work ing arrangement for about six months. I often met Dick riding back after visiting Sophia at her suburban cottage near Step aside, and be as often met me, but no oftener for it was in the bond that such visits should be exactly equal in nntnber. ' We always laughed good humouredly at each other when we met thus, chaffed each other about our prospects of success, and went off and had a drink ; so you see we were houourable chumB. ' For some months we led this sort of life, and nothing could possibly be more satisfactory to either Dick or me—unless either of us would take ourselves for ever to Jericho, out of tbe other's way. But as this was a very remote contingency in deed, we accepted the situation in a spirit of beatific cheerfulness, and made the best we could of it. 'Sophie bad only one relative living— but that was quite a sufficient number, i It was her father—and he was a terror. ' Among the virtues Mr. Byles rejoiced in—and they were too numerous to par tieuiarise—was that of rigid honesty. He had never got into debt to the extent of i penny in his life, he used to boast, and he detested the people who did. ' The old man seemed to have a sort of impartial liking for both Dick and me. He didn't object to our paying our ad dresses to his daughter, but Beenied to be fryingi like ouselves, to find out which of us she liked the better—perhaps with equal unsuccess. At any rate, he always met us civilly, and chatted to ns in his own dry way on such interesting topics as the weather and the crops, the stock and sharemarkets and tbe like. * 'Dick and myself were then in the joy ment of a modest income each—quite enough for him. for be was not of an ex travagant turn ; but hardly enough for me, for my tastes were more luxurious, 1 However, financial matters were uot in Dick's case, any more than my own, ever thought for a moment in connection with our mutually dear Sophie. We would have taken her without a penny—but we knew very well she wouldn't come whenever she made up her mind. ' One evening I met Dick riding home from Stepaside, after one of the regulation visits, as t was going out to take his place. He jumped down off his bicycle, and came over to me in a state of perturbation. 'Tom,'he said, 'I'm in great trouble, old fellow. 1 have to go away for a fort night. There's a maiden aunt of mine very ill, over in Hamburg, and she wants to see me. I m to be her heir, you see, and I can',t possibly refuse.' " * I don't see why you should old boy,* 11 replied ; ' neither do I perceive why you should get so dreadfully agitated. You're i a tacky dog, so you are—coining iu for a fortune.' ; Don't see it!' he cried opening wide bis eyes in astonishment. ' What Sophie to do in my absence 1' ' Don't trouble your head about that,' I answered. * She'll get along just as usual, I'm sure.' 'But you—you won't eurely take any advantage of my absence, Tom % If I had your promise on that I'd feel quite re lived.' ' Well, that's rather hard, Dick," I re turned. 'I don't see why my arrange ments should be affected by yonr maiden aunt's proceedings. The old lady is not goiDg to make me her heir.' 'But don't you see, Tom, that my ab sence would be giving yon an unfair ad vantage % You're too honourable a fellow, I know, to avail yourself of it.' ' Look here, Dick,' I said at length, af ter he bad gone ou in this strain for a while, * I'll go this far to oblige yon: I'll not come out here again for a fortnight. If you're back by that time, well and good. If you're uot the bargain is at sn end.' 'Do you give me your word on that Tom 1* he asked brightening np. ' I do,' I returned ; ' you may haunt me when yon die, if I break it. Now be off.' ' We shook hands and parted, and then I informed her of our arrangement agreed upon. She aaid she didn't mind, as she was going to a friend in Wicklow for a week. Bat I thought she was secretly vexed all the same. *1 was discussing my breakfast one morning about a week afterwards, glancing over the newspaper now and then ns I j feasted, when snddenly my eye caught ( the heading—* Fatal Railway Accident to a Dublin Gentleman.' 11 Immediately looted at the item, and, to my horrot, found that it related to my unhappy friend, Diet. He had jumped ! out of a railway carriage when in motion, got jammed between it and - the platform, and was killed. 'The news upset me a good deal, al though I could not help feeling that it cleared the ground for me in one import ant direction. Still, I was vety much j attached to poor Dick, and I couldn't I bring myself to visit Sophie for a couple ; of days after I beard the sad tidings, in j order to break them to her. * The year was getting fast into the sere and yellow leaf; brown October had | brought ita short and its (sometimes) lovely moonlight nights; and it waB on one of these—b glorious one it was—that I started off, with an equally-balanced | admixture of grief and hopeful elation at my heart, for the bower of my Sophie— my owu Sophie, as £ fondly hoped soon to call her now—to unfold my gruesome tale. I had got about half-way towards my ; | destination, when it occurred to me that I ought to strike a match and have a quiet puff of the soothing weed, as nothing j could be more in keeping with the peace ful quiet of the scene. So sooner thought of than done; and I was in the act of re mounting with pipe aglow, when my eye | caught sight of another rider coming in the same direction, but at a considerable distance behind. * The circumstance cansed me no emo tion in particular, and I forgot all about it, as I sped on afresh. I slackened my pace j to spin out the distance until I had finished my pipe and was drawing on easily to wards Stepaside, when some instinct or other made me glance backwards down the road again. 'The other traveller had gained npon me with amazing celerity. He was now , not more than 40 or 50 yards behind. * What a wonderful resemblance he bore at that distance to my dead friend Dick 1 His garments looked white in the ghostly moonlight. Dick, when riding all last summer, had worn a suit of white flannel, as the stranger's seemed to be. And it appeared to me, as I paused, tbun der-stricken and trembling, for a moment in my ride, that his form was exactly that j of my dead friend. ' I was never superstitious, yet now for an instant a feeling of awe came over me ; j but, as X wobbled to the ground off my machine, under its influence, I began to curse myself vigourously for a womanish fool, and, jumping up with the celerity of ' fully recovered spirits, I set my steel steed off with a lively start, and began to race away from the awesome stranger. 'I went at a aparkiing pace for some time; but X could not help turning my bead backwards again soon, to note how far X had left him behind. ' Horror of horrors ! He was gaining on me still 1 ' He was only a few yards behind. I could not distinguish his face; but the figure and the way in which it sat the machine, were the same as Dick's. ' Again I spurted madly. Great beads of cold sweat burst out upon my temples, and au icy feeling crept through my frame ; even to the marrow of my bones, despite the heat into which the exercise had thrown me. My terror lent me strength. I must get away from this horrible phan tom, even though my heart should snap in the effort. X tore along the road now like a maniac. ' I was just turning the corner of the , rustic lane which led up to Sophie's bower, wheo my machine came plump against a form engaged in doing the same from the lane side of the angle. The consequences were disastrous to both travellers. . ' Machine and myself threw a double | somersault over the body of the pedes - train. When we both regained onr feet I j thought I should turn iuto stone when I j encountered the Gorgon-like eye of my intended father-in-law!' "Hang it, man !' he shouted, as soon as he recognised me and found bis voice, ' what the dickens are ye staring at me for, instead of apologising for nearly kill ing me ? One woald think you had eeen a gbost! * X have seen a ghost, sure enough, sir,'. I answered with trembling lips ; * the ghost of my poor dead friend, Dick; and see, there it comes.' The white figure had arrived at the j corner of the lane, full in the ghastly glare of the dazzling moonlight. It dis mounted and advanced towards where we stood. I held up both my handB to shut out the fearsome sight. . " Don't come near me,' X cried, in an ! agony of-desperation, until yon tell me j whether you are a man or the ghost of ; my dead friend, Dick!' ' The thing laughed ; it was a horrible human laugh. "Ho ghost, sir,' it replied, as its coBtse chuckle ceased,' but a messenger from a ; man who has ghosted you long enough in vain for this little bill of £7 30s. for! clothes Mr. Tippet, the tailor, of Grafton- i street. Here 'tis for you, sir, now ; and if you don't pay it by 12 o'clock to-mor row, I'm instrncted to invite yon to an interview with the Recorder, at Green street Court House.' This was my romance of the wheel. It shattered my day-dream, and lost me my Sophie. Old Byles turned on me witb all the scorn of an enraged money lender who never owed a man a penny, and bade me : never again to show my face at the cot tage ' The fickle Sophie ratified this decision, { and shortly afterwards married a wealthy pawn-broker who had, a couple of months j before, laid his third spouse nnder the sod in Glasnevin ; and X am left here alone ' with^ay^ithful^j^dej^ 