Ladies' JLqre. Ladies Letter From Paris. November 7. The Countess dc Jfnris possesses a aiumuuu * Necklace that was once a gift from Napoleon I. to the Empress Josephine, •who left it to her daughter Queen Hortcnse. The latter, under the reign of Louisa-Philippe, being in want of money asked the King to purchase tho neck lace for 400,000 francs : expert declared tlic gems to he worth only 350,000 francs; his Majesty accepted the offer, and directed the ex queen to he paid 700,000 francs. At Preach dinner parties, it is the custom in carving poultry to help the most distinguished lady guest first, and to the right wing. Tho origin of this politeness dates from theinarriagre of Charles IX,. at whose nuptial banquet the first turkey introduced into France was served; the bride was helped to the right pinion, and the King to the lefr. The pilgrimages to the cemeteries on All Saints Eav were very numerous, thanks abovo all to the weather. I noticed an increased at tendance of men, possibly because the festival of the dead fell on Sunday. There must have been an enormous trade in the sale of flowers for the decoration of graves. Every member of a family is expected to deposit a souvenir. The best moment to visit a cemetery, that of Perc Xiochaise or Montmartre for example, is at dusk about a quarter of au hour bofore the guards commence to lugubriously call out 41 gates are closing." Then the chapel sepulchres shed a dim religious light from their votive tapers, making the solemn stillness more melancholy. Prom behind some tomb or cypress a kneeling figure rises up ghost - like to bid adieu to lost ones for another twelve month. One fancies the dead are sorry at your going. The " funeral omni buses1* have proved a great convenience, and cave • expense; they are intended for small purses; accommodate 24 persons, who pay 1J franc for a seat to the cemetery and back—the extra nurros cemeteries are six to nine miles from the city. Now a carriage to contain four persons will cost 28 francs. These mortuary omnibuses* resemble the omnibuses in use by the Bank of France for its clerks. They are painted brown, and the livery of the driver is of the same colour. Madame Sarah Bernhardt, like Tam O'Sh enter, is now " o'er a' the ills of life victorious." Her enemies swore by Juno that she was 55 years of age. Tho certificnto of her baptism has been found. She was born in Paris on October 22, 1844. Her mother was a Prussian, and a dress maker ; this can hardly explain why the grand Sarah would never perform before a German audience since the 1870-71 war. The name of Sarah's "father" does not figure on tho baptismal register. Although the exqui.fito "cooing" quality of Madame Bernhardt's voice has lost its mild freshness of morning the Theatro-Francais is inclined topardonher abrupt departure some years ago, and receive her again into its family of type-artists. She has been a grandmother for two years, and her delight is to make dresses for dolls and her drawing-room a theatre of puppets. Her daughter-in-law is a genuine princess, and Her son is an artist. # ; By the law of 1882 every child in France is ; bound to be instructed if not at a public or private school, at least at home. In the latter case the children must be periodically ex amined at the local Hay oris office before a jury composed of an inspector of schools and two gentlemen and one lady, who possess academic diplomas. The first examination tinder the new law has just taken place for children of both sexes between the ages of 6 and 13 educated at home. The cases were few where children illustrated ignorance to be bliss. The parents of the latter promised to comply with the law, failing which the authori ties step in and train np the child in the way it should go. The increasing numlier of cases of parental cruelty to children has led to the formation of a soriety of ladies for the prevention of such •unnatural conduct. The law is very rigorous in France against trespassing on the rights of parents. Opinion is not quite in favour of taming the victim into an informer against its family persecutors, though no expense would be spared to bring the latter to justice. The relieving officers of the Public Charity Board are volunteers only, and except in extreme cases would hardly interfere. Good intentionod ladies visit the popular quarters, net "slums," for such really do not exist in Paris, and distri bute pamphlets, with instructions how to act, wherever a known case of child-cruelty exist*. "Where complaints are reiterated the matter is banded over to the police. A few old maids and old bachelors have been subject to somo annoyance by the police making inquiries about the alleged ill-treatment of their off spring. The new manager of the National Opera, who enters on his duty in January next, in tends to supply Parisians with cheap promenade concerts, composed of first- class music, such as exist in London and other capitals. The inability of the French to comprehend cheap and good amusements explains why the theatres are empty, and why respectable con cert rooms do not exist. Paris now counts two lady dentists, who bold professional diplomas. Their extraction claims to be painless; a smile from the operatress doubtless 44 physics pain." In the rural districts of France, where medical aid is far distant, the local convents generally possess a nun who can extract teeth. I saw one of these ladies once operating, and she acquitted herself brilliantly. In the country districts every patient insists on reoeiving the extracted tooth ; it brings luck, ihey say. II. Benan relates that in Brittany the old women carry their extracted teeth to the cemetery for interment in the family grave. Some time ago a petition was signed by Bnasias ladies praying the Princess of Honaco to influence her husband to close the gambling place in his principality. Tho prince is "willing to do so if he "be secured a revenue from other sources. Besides, the gambling tables pay all ! the taxes of his subjects. France has already ! purchased part of the principality; she is willing to buy tho rest and abolish the inter national evil, if tho European Powers consent. Convoke an anti-gambling congress. 