Agricultural Depression and Lazi ness. The eternal and inexorable law that the ouly price of good things is labor has its application ! to the subject of agricultural depression, ears President Jordan, of Leland Stanford, jun., j University, in an article in a recent uumlier of | the Forum i Though the euemy has sown tares ' iu the tax laws while the farmer has slept, this alone cannot cause agricultural depression, nor can inordinate pensions, wasteful subsidies, and the tyranny of capital combined, if the farmer i himsalf were not, in some degree, at fault. At any rate, the remedy is in his own bands, and, while striking a blow at the cauBe of injury, he should look at himself, to see what part of the blame is due to his own weakness and lack of foresight. The " relentless hell" of poverty which, Henry George sajs, yawns beneath civil society, is due to the presence of a horde of men who would gain something for nothing ; the natural penalty for laziness is one of the important ele ments in our so-called agricultural depression. A notion having been spread among country people that thedwellers in towns do not have to work hard for a living, has caused the farmer to think he ought to take his rest, and the interest on the time thus borrowed is becoming a heavy coqdiRi' ibrtV rneniuidbbys around the rail road station at Cloverdale, where a crate of live chickens was the sole contribution to the train's load. These were farm boys, who ! ought to have been at work in the fields, and village boys who might hare been doing some- trnng somewhere. These idlers on the station steps were embodied ghosts, dead to all life and hope, with only force enough to stand around and gape. At my destination 1 saw sixty men and boys, who had no need of cures of any kind, because they were already dead, standing on a street corner, listening to the noisy vendor of a rheumatism cure. Most of these were farmers, whose neglected farms lay bathed in the sunshine, the earth ready to re joice only at the touch of a hoe. Back on the old farm, in New York, where I was born, the spot which my father won from the forest, and on which he lived in freedom and independence, knowing no master, dreading no tyrant, he bad poorer tools than are uow used, poorer build ings, inferior facilities for transportation, lower prices, and uncertain markets: still be knew nothing of agricultural depression. When crops were small, and prices low, he simply worked the harder, I find on that farm, to-day tenants who barely make a living. I find un penned fruit trees, wasted rorest trees, broken thrifty labour." An old woman in Tennessee expressed a great economic truth in these words: "Poor folks has poor way#," If a man spend a day in the harvest time in efforts to send a fool to the Legislature, or a knave to Congress, should he complain if the laws the.fonb and knaves make add to his own taxes ? Who but he is to blame if the laws ostensibly made in his interest simply shift the burden from one of his shoulders to the other? If he stand all day in the public square, spellbound by a tramp with an accor dion, or, still worse, if be lounge about on the sawdust floor of a saloon, talking the vile stuff we agree to call "politics," never reading a book, never thinking a thought above the level of the sawdust foor, need he be surprised if bis opinions do not meet with respect r It is not che&Der; memav the former nod. J... men ; men whose time is money, and whose labor is worth the labor of other men; men who know how to do the beet thing in the beet way, and can thereby do their part in alleviating industrial de pression." A busy man the oldtime farmer was ; and being busy, he found time for every thing. He read bound books ; he enjoyed the pleasures of travel ; he educated his family ; he kept intelligent watch on all the affairs of the day. He did not find time to stand on the station steps, in the middle of the afternoon, to watcb a thousand trains gobv,onathousnnd consecutive days. He carried no handicap load of tobacco and whisky. He went to the country seat when he had bueinese there ; be went wfth clean clothes, and came bock with a clean conscience. He had not time to spend each seventh day on the conrt house square, talkirg the dregs of scandal and politics. 