CRUMBS. Mr. W. J. Blacker, JLF. Cricket, cricket, nothing but cricket. Anew phase of the Windsor traeedy. If your beard offends you pluck it out. Would no one give one vote to Wharff ? Have you heard of the Windsor tragedy ? Swaraton'e "grog" stopped. Poor fellow! Obit-Mr. E. Gartrell, of Upper Mitcham. Deeming s patent shaving sear-a broken bottle. Obit.-Mr. Edwatd Ward, a genuine Free trader. Birth at the Zoo-Madam Leo Felis of a daughter. Father O'Flynn won the Grand National Steeplechase. The Rev. C. H. Spurgeon'a personalty sworn under £11.000. Dr. Elliott, of the Elder Expedition; has arrived in Adelaide. Detective Cawsey has stopped the supply of brandy to Deeming. Mr. Wharff soared a duck's egg at the Noar hriga election fight. Candidate Wharff scored a big 0 at the N c arlunga election. Walt Whitman is dead. Another great man banded in his checks. Judge Dash wood has been " Testimonialzed" by Noarlunga eleotois. That lioness is a fashionable mother-puts er infant out to nurse. A doubtful Lord has been charged at Ho art with deserting his children. Anarchism in France is going a bit too far. All the Judges are marked men. "One of Them"repliesto Dr. Wylde regard ing bathing on Semaphore Jetty. The Crumbman extends his hand in a fond farewell to Mr. J. Medway Day. The baby lion will have to be brought np under the wing of a carriage dog! Countess of Meath is a thoroughly eraoeful, practical, and eloquent lady orator. Mr. John Hammer has imported ten magni ficent carrier pigeons from Belgium. Mr. J. Medway Day, who nas been on the Register for sixteen years, has retired. A "cricket on the earth" yon know la " like a little 'leven below." Another young lion at the Zoo. The mother doesn't see the use of bringing it up. Does the single tax not involve free trade? and how can Protectionists support it? Henry Taylor threatens to stump the Dis trict of Light on the single-tax racket. Cut honi ? "Does Giblets move in the best sooietyj" "Yes, he has to move; he never payB bis debts." M. Loubet threatens to close the Catholic Churches in France if the prieBts talk about pplitios. The Chairman of the Moonta and Wallaroo Mining Company had not a very cheery report to make. The Rainhill Jury had not muoh trouble in agreeing to a verdiot of wilful murder against Deeming. Some people say it would have been better if Deeming had cut his throat instead of hiB moustache. . The butter industry to have a fillip An ex pert to come here ana assist farmers by giving them advice. Billy wants to know when Mr. Topia come along-all fee dinks, no Pater, sitee under tree, you catch 'em fish. The Home Secretary sees no reason why he should reduoe Mrs. Osborne's sentence. There fore he won't do it, ' The shareholders of the Bank of South Aus tralia are promised that they will get £19 per Bhare. That looks wtlL Earl Russell is in for some more litigation. Miss Williams did not approve of the way in which he referred to her. Isn't it rather a bad beginning to encourage young men to discuss problems about'which their elders know nothing ? Mrs. Hargreave evidently oonld not appre ciate her jewellery after the sad part it has played in a domestic tragedy. "She flung herself at his head, and yet he married her cousin." "Oh, well, a woman can't throw straight, you know." On Saturday, March 26, at Oarnivora House, Zoological Gardens, the wife of Leo Felis, Esq., of a daughter. Both doing well Owing to the low price of copper the Directors have decided to adopt the "free and open tendering" system at Wallaroo. English Jury returned a verdiot of "wilful murder" againBt Deeming. Any other verdict would have suited him just as well. When people (says Cynic) learn to pick up and connect social political and religious events they can see the flood of prophetio waters. Mrs. Frost-Now, Benny, if you go skating without permission you'll catch it. Benny Frost-Why, it isn't contagious, is it, mamma? If buyers stood out for what they paid _ The ghost of jobbery would soon be lata.-Truth. Spurgeon received his. inspiration from the highest source, while' Bradlaugh looked no higher than man for his impulses." So Bays Selby. Every baby is the sweetest baby in the world. You were once considered the sweetest thing in the world, although you may not look it now. ' The ultimatum of the Directors is that open tendering-or freedom of oontract under another name-must replace the plan hitherto adopted. fe In an ordinary sum one adds all the figures to get the product; in the affairs of life only the line affecting the individual a party is reckoned. "Twenty-two special telegraph clerks are employed and fresh wires have been laid on to Rainhill in order to meet the demands of the Press." When one reads of the lengths to which President Harrison has gone, memory recalls the impotent means resulting in the French Revolution. The highest endowments of human nature consist in the exercise of love and charity, which would be superseded by Bellamy's co operative 6 tore. The Corn Trade News, under the head of "South Australia," has an artiole on the wheat market by "Our Own Correspondent, Khill, Victoria." Madame Sara Bernhardt has added litera ture to her varied accomplishments. She has Sublished a oharming ghost story in- a San 'ranoisoo journal. Generous to a fault.-"Yon have forgotten something," said the inoffensive waiter. "Never mind," said the irascible old gent f "you can have it." Lady in the Grand Stand 'Where are the English?" "They are batting" was the reply. "And are they both English?" was her second enquiry. : Kindred Spirits-"Yes, sir, said the man from Colorado to a new aoqnaintanoe; " I be lieve in free silver." "Sodo J,"said theother ; "lam a burglar myself." There is no denying the fact that the Eng isbmenhavehadarnnof luck this time, but the Australians might have had it if the penny had fallen the other way. Some Sunday semoes assuming so varie gated a nature as to remind one of an event that occurred in the Temple (writes Pessimist! when all were turned out. There is in Newark, New Jersey (U.S.A.), a sign over the street in one of the worst parts of the city-"Lodging and a drink of whisky in the morning for 10 oents." Bilkine-.* How do yon do-had the grip yet I" WilkinB-"No." B.- "Oh, I am. sorry for yon. What on earth do you talk about when you meet people?" The pqlioe who had charge of Swanston might juat as well have lent him a razor or a revolver aa to "have allowed him while alone to have access to a glass bottle. To a large tatimber theatres, &o.f; merely pre cede later dissipation, while to young people they are regarded as the' salt which only can savour a day's work, writes Cynio. Good people too apt to take it as a mattep of course that they live in: times of peace and prosperity, * forgetting that, Under their soft cushion there may be a hard seat, writes Cynio. '' A' "heartless contributor fiends the following . . dreadful effusion:-May as well Giffen with ' a good Grace. Australians Bean got out cheaply, and not Able to Trott across often enough. When boarding in Sydney Deeming tried to ' make himself out a Freemason, saying that he bad lost his insignia. He tried to get intro duced to a prominent Mason, but it is be lieved failed. Those who point to America to illustrate the beneficial resultB of democracy, should re collect its votaries are only yet making the puddiDg tbey will *be made to eat, nolens nolens quoth Pessimist. A Bunch of Keys.-Tom Collins-" The singing of the Lonelyville Choir reminds me of an experience I had the other night." "What was it!" "It took me half an hour to strike the right key." The Probable Cause.-Brown- " What baggy, sloppy-looking trousers Henpeck wears." Brown, jun.-"I heard mother say that his wife wore his trousers at home, and I guess that is the reason." A Solicitous Employer.-Penwiper-"I would' like to tret off to-day, sir." _ Head of Firm-"Oh, that's all right, Penwiper; you needn't say any more. I hope your dead grand mother will have a good time!" The Government are firm in their determina tion that they will not entertain in any way the claims to employment which are made by people who have not been residents in South Australia for a period of at least a year. An area:bell pull. The rector's wife-" And , how have you managed to pull along this winter, Mrs. Murphy?" Mrs. Murphy "Sure, ma'am, wid the helpo' God and a , few servant girls, I've pulled t'rough." Mr. Stranger-" Have you no Orphan Asylums in Chicago!" Mr. Granger "What need have we of such an institution? Under our liberal divorce laws every child haB more parents than he knows what to do with." Some mean fellow entered the Mount Gam bier Institute reading-room on Friday and cut the portrait of Mrs. Deeming from the Register of the 23rd March. A reward of £5 is offered for information that will lead to his conviotion. Somewhat Hardened.-Old Niok U'Teene to his young wife)-My first wife was always cold and distant. Hike the sweet confiding , way you nestle up to me. His young wife Oh, I don't mind it. I used to work in-a tobacco ' 'factory! The First Requisite.-Mr. Dreptin-Look here, old fellow, excuse my frankness; but why in thunder don't you nave that child's hair cut? , Mr. Foresite-Not for worlds, dear boy. , I intend to make a professional pianist out of him! Mr. -Younghusband (coming home, finds his wife at the stove)-" So you're doing your own cooking 1" Tell me, now, what is that you are cooking at that stove, Molly ?" Molly-" You xnuBbrt have so much curiosity. I don't know myeelf yet what it is going to ne!'' Strictly Business.-Operatic Manager-"I can't afford to pay you over §17 a week and expenses, and you must permit me to an nounce you as receiving $1,000 a night." Madame Highnote-" Make it $20, and you may announce me at §2,000 a night." The Rev. Osric Copland, formerly _ of Brougham - place Church, North Adelaide, after'eight years'successful work at Prahran, Victoria, has resigned the pastorate of the Church., The resignation is on aocount of his family, and will probably take effect in June next. Swanston was shown what was purported to be a sketch of himself. On seeing it he de ' clared it to be a deliberate attempt to preju dice the public mind against him, and that if it occurred again he would not be responsible for his actions. Of course that does not refer to the Journal portrait. There is one point in common with all cigars, and that is they contain ascetic, formio, buty ric, valeric, propriomc, prussio, and carbolic acids; creosote, eulphureted hydrogen, pyri dine, veredine, picoline and rubidene, and, therefore, one must not expect to get a good one for less than threepence. "The simplest axiom in morals-and it never pays in the end to violate it- teaches that if a man agrees to work a stated time for a stated wage, and gives mere eye-service in return, he is robbing his employer just as truly as his employer would be robbing him if he oheated him oat of his earnings." " It is gratifying that the international con tests have been characterized by the kindest social amenities, which it is hoped may have an enduring influence for good. So far as Australia is concerned it will not stop upon the steps of the pavilion nor fade away at the Kates of the cricket ground." That's Sparks to Sheffield. Twenty-eighth South Australian Ministry (from Maroh 25 to June 6, 1876):-G. C. Hawker, M.A., M.P., Chief Secretary; C. Matin, M.P., Attorney-General'; A. Blyth, M.P.* Treasurer; T. Playfoid,M.P.,Commis sioner of Crown Lands and Immigration; J. P. Boucaut (now Judge in the Supreme' Court), Commissioner of Publio Works; W. . Everard, M.L.C., Minister Of Eduo&tion.; ? 1 Twenty-ninth South Australia^ Ministry' (from June Q, 1876, tojQotbfe.Se, 1877.) Sir Heniy Avers, M.L.C.I .Chifif Secretary,' J C. JBrav (now; AseflMjeneraU Attorney . Generalthe late. Sir, *R,;, D,- Tyea surer; Hon._J. Carr, OomttlSijpMrp*CroWn' Lands and Immigration,; ,Jq]jnQoJ,ljon ismce , : k"4sj>te0)i <^mxniasio?ier> oY^Qiown" finds' jjind «emier ; Hon.. E. wiri., (now, M. Li C,j, .^n^rof Aj^ioi4tm«^d^uo?>ttop. ? The tradition is th'atVotoe upon -a time" «the inviding7Norsemea were approaching the riootSsh camp in the'dead of night, silently . and uhperoeived, with tVe intent ef Surprising the unsuspecting natives, i'hen .raie' of the foremost of (the marauders e6t hi^bare fool on' a thistle, aiid involutitaRly lea'ptf^uiS swore. The gotind rohsed ;the Scots, '^vho;bpmpleteTy defeated the foe, and jn commemoration of the : Ant adopted tne'priotly ;plfliit«is4hb national1 (OmUem. ; "Thirteith Sduth Austrijiaii 'Ministry. [From ?October 26,1887, to Bepfcemljer 27,1878. J The jlatefjir williakn', Mot*an, !Ghiet Secretary; the late Hon. Charles Mann, . Attorney fGeneral'; the Hon.JamesPennBouoaut (now. a Judge in the Supreme Cdurt),Premier *nd Treasurer; the Hon. T.Pls>yford(now Premier of the colony), Commissioner of Crown Lands, and Immigration; the Hon. G. C. Hawker, M. A., Commissioner of Public Works; the late jHon. Neville Blyth, Minister of Education, " The single- taxers may be pare patriots, bub it ie, nevertheless, a strange ooincidenoo that) nearly all who advooate "the system have not, never had, and probably never will have, an acre of ground, their prmoipal contribution to therevenuebeingthroughthe Oostoms, and they. ask the landholders to believe it would be a food thingto abolish the Customs, th'uspraoti cally relieving the single-'taxers from any con tribution, and throwing the whole burden of taxation on the land." That's what Speaker Coles thinks about the single- taxers. OBITS.-"Good Queen Bess" has now been absent from this sublunary sphere 289 years this vety day. Every body knowB everything about every great event of her life. That French writer says, "Elizabeth divigeaat eon activity vers de grands objets, et lui (the English) donna .nn nouvel apanage-la mere line nouvelle patrieles deux mondes." That English biographer says, " With great energy of character, Bhe united much vanity; though herself the most beautiful and accom plished of women, she was violent and haughty." Lord Brougham says, "She led a life of indulgence with her favourites little sanctioned by most Protestant historians; still . with all her faults we must not foiget how much of the cause of progress we owe to Eliza beth ; when she came to the throne England was only a second-rate kingdom-she left it at least as one of the first. Ince and Gilbert say-"She was tall and commanding, learned, sprightly, and agreeable; despotio in her government, and a perfect mistress in the art of dissembling. Her beheadal of Mary Queen of Scots, perhaps an unavoidable act, is a great and indelible stain upon her character." Our Histographical Crumbman says-"Let ushope that the recording angel as he wrote it down dropped a tear upon the record and blotted it out for ever." Amen. OBITS.-The 18th day of March was the 121th anniversary of the death of the Rev. Laurence Sterne,' at the age of fifty-five years. He was by birth an Irishman, was educated at Halifax, in Yorkshire, and at Cambridge, and became successively the Vicar of Sutton, Prebendary, of York Cathedral, Rector of StUlington, and had the additional living of Coxwold, in Yorkshire, conferred upon aim. He also published a volume of sermons. He is best known, however, as the author of "A Senti mental Journey in France," and "Tristram Shandy." But this iB what one of his biogra phers says about him:-" He was a coarse minded, licentious man with very little of the * reverend' about him, but with a command of sentimental language with which he endea voured to cover his moral delinquencies." Rather a Sterne rebuke that, but this is what Garrick wrote: " Shall pride a heap of sculptured marble raise Some worthless, unmourned, titled fool to praise; And shall we not by one poor gravestone learn, here genius, wit, and liumour, sleep with Sterne?' . OBITS.-Ninety-eight years ago this March 28, while Robespierre was yet in power and deluging Paris with blood, Jean Antoine Nicolas de Caritat, Marquis of Condorcet, whom the tyrant had imprisoned on suspicion of his being a Girondist, was found dead in his bed. He had taken poison to escape the ignominy of the guillotine. He was then fifty-one years old, and had spent the greater part of his life m the peaceful pursuits of a mathematician. But who shall anatomize that wonderful organ, the human heart? D'Alembert, who knew him personally, says '' He was a volcano covered with snow." Cool headed, warm-hearted. When the convulsive throes of that revolutionary earthquake that shook France to its dark foundations and overthrew both the altar and the throne (fine sentence that) were first felt, Condorcet was President of the Legislative Assembly, and subsequently he was member of the National Assembly and of the Jacobin Club ; but when he was arrested he literally had not " where to lay his head." Curious enough, just four months later, Robespierre himself broke his jaw in attempting to blow his brains out, and waB guillotined. FAX.-The man who first struck oil in America did the State some service, and that other fellow who first discovered a subterra neous reservoir of natural gaB did ditto. Some croaking pessimists are shivering at the thought that at the present rate of consump tion all the coal mines in the world will be exhausted in about a thousand years. Perhaps so, perhaps not; wait and see. But suppose that at the depth of a dozen miles or so some enterprising Yankee should discover an un limited supply of natural gas, what would you then say, Mr. Pessimist? Well, just read this extract, and drop thatcroaking, my good man: -"Natural gas as a fuel has been in use about 15 years. There are now employed in its transmission for fuel purposes 27,350 miles of pipe mains. In Pittsburg alone there are 500 miles, and the consumption of gas there repre sents an annual consumption of 7,000,000 tons of coal." Only fancy- 20,000 tons of coal saved every day of the year in one city only! FAX.-When yqu read about the extensive libraries founded in ancient times, you must not conjure up in " the book and volume of your brain" a lot of quarto and octavo volumes bound in half calf and lettered. It is recorded that when Julius Caesar set fire to Alexandria 400,000bookBbelongingtothelibraryfoundedby Ptolemy Philadelphus 200 years before Cesar was born, weredestroyed, butprobably the great majority of these were only short poems, letters, or treatises of some sort written upon the inner bark of trees, upon skins or papyrus, any one of which might be read right on the reel in ten minutes. And I opine that many thousands of the volumes of the library founded by Constantino the Great at Constantinople A.D. 335, and which was also destroyed by fire A.r>. 447 were of the same, oharaoter. Who knows? But amqng them where the imperishable and in imitable works of . Homer. And we are in formed that " they were written in golden letters on the great'gut of a dragon 120 feet long!", XOBFTS. - Our indefatigable anUqnirian Crumbman has, after long research among the dusty archives of thepast, ascertained that the . savage sentence of death was executed upon the ifamous Athenian, statesman and General : Phooion, Maroh SO, B.o. 317. Youmay r» ;meimbet that hew&8 the diaoiple of Plato,"the. jdisoipleof, Socrates, the disciple of the gods, And of Xenocratesthelnoorruptible. He1 wag 1 very eloquent, and .had the. temerity to oppose even Demosthenes himself when that great main endeavoured -by -the thunder of hiB oratory to rouse the Athenians to declare war against the "Maoedoniaqs. But when the war, actually broke cut, he .displayed the courage of a hero, the cpnstanpyof p Spartan, and the virtue of a true patriot,.notwithstanding the lepeated i attempts of both Philipand Alexander to Qeduoe him from MB . allegiance Do his beloved ' tpbnntijr.;in spite of fcia: splendid virtues ' wd talehfcs, and, .though .heheld /the General- - ehip pf Athw wrto-four fcimeB,he was accused of^Beaohery,fwaS.depo8ed, fled, arrested, oon- , demned,'add'execrated.' . i r 