CORRESPONDENCE. MR. PARKER'S DEFENCE. To the Editor. SIR-Mr. Parker has both you and your evening contemporary at a decided disadvantage by way of effective reply to his defence as published in this morning's West Australian. But the case is different when he attempts to speak at an indignant public through you. The daily Press having failed to assist Mr. Parker in his original Opposi- tion designs during the first session of Parliament, Mr. Parker gave up the Opposi- tion ghost on the eve of the second session in that, memorable York speech wherein be deprecated any " obstruction" being offered to a Government which he couldn't overawe is the first act. It would appear from the Colonial Secretary's quotations from Hansard, to justify his change of front, that his Parliamentary utterances prior to February last' have not been chronicled and are forgotten by that section of the community, who were foolish enough to put; faith in a gentleman whose latest act is but the fitting sequel to a political career of indecision. Under the old political system his erratic transformations are said to have, been numerous, but not remarkable enough to prevent his posing in England before the Select Committee as the representative of the popular party in West Australia's position, however, which he failed to sustain to the satisfaction of several close observers in the House of Commons. Mr. Parker having made such statements as that under the new Constitution fully 90 percent. of the adult population of West Aus ~ tralia would be enfranchised it remained for a member. (who must have been well! instructed from a reliable source) Mr. Chan-' ning; to leave, on the pages of the English; Hansard his opinion of Mr. Parker and his; mission in the following, at present, remarkably applicable words: "Mr. Parker! possesses the representative of the Popular; Party, but I have considerable doubt, as to his legitimate claim to figure in that part. He gave as a reason for wanting this: Bill, that, as soon as the people get this Constitute tiOn they will be able to sweep away the property qualification, and the restrictive! franchise, and they will take steps to break; up the land monopoly in Western Australia,; by passing a Land Tax and Succession Duty, ; similar to that passed in other Australian: colonies. I doubt this view, and believe that, put forward by Sir F. N. Broome. The whole history of the origin of this Bill shows that it! has been promoted and shaped by a narrow clique of moneyed men who do rule and have ruled, and was to continue to rule, the destinies of Western Australia." .: M Might I ask what serious steps Mr. Parker has taken since the advent of Responsible! Government, to fulfil the pledges alluded to; in the foregoing extract, beyond a few words: recorded in Hansard as the result of his labours during the first Session P By mutual consent the independent section of the public looked to Mr. Parker to create at least the nucleus of an Opposition, and not to Mr. De Hamel: or Mr. Canning or Mr. Loton. It may be an answer to the Press, but not to the public, to say, practically as Mr. Parker does, that because he was afraid of the Press he disclaimed, after twelve months, the title of leader with all the responsibilities which even his nominal acceptance of it carried in the eyes of a trustful and independent section: j of electors throughout the colony, who were; willing to give the volatile and versatile politician another chance in the absence of a. better liberal. In my opinion, Mr Parker is indulging concert to an unwarrantable extent when he insinuates that the public (for. it is, to them he is really speaking) believe that the Opposition is paralyzed his accept-; ing £800 a year. I take it that it is not the public's regret at his actual loss so much as: their consciousness that he has delayed by his indecision, the work that could have been carried on by a less clever but more faithful politician than the gentleman, who took ' twelve months to make up his timid mind before actually going over to the enemy. It is just as well, likewise, that Mr. Parker, in the superfluity of his sudden confidence to the public, has told them under whose auspices he was sent to the mother country to fight the battle of Liberalism Messrs. Shenton, Burt, Marmion and Venn?: honorable gentlemen who have at one time or other all-opposed (as it is believed they do now the extension of the franchise. This throws an extra candle-power on Mr. Parker's assertion to the Select Committee that the people of Western Australia would not take Manhood Suffrage from the bands of the British Parliament, and the information generally lights up correlative things. It, moreover, justifies his joining the Ministry, but it does not justify his waiting so long to do it and, in the interim, misleading himself with an idea, and the public with a delusion. Yours, etc., P. P. J. ROWE. Perth, October 14. 