HOW SHALL WE DECIDE THIS QUESTION V Now, which is the worse—to have no appotito for your dinner, or to have no ilinuor for your appetite ? There are lots ol people on the one side or the other of this question. When " good digestion waits on appetite and health on both," that is the ideal attitude of a person towards his meals. But most of us are not blessed in that way ; we either have too much food without an appetite, or a vigorous Appetite without enough to satisfy it. Different folk will answer this question differently, yet the common souse of it is that, within reasonable limits, it is better to have an appetite without a diunor, because, short of the starvation line, a hungry man is a healthy man ; whereas a man who ought to eat and doesn't feel like eating, stands in need of " alterations and repairs." To illustrate. We recently received a communication in which the wiiter says, *' I was afraid to eat." Did he fancy his food was poisoned, or did his nature rebel against thei,nourishment he lived on / If the latter, why ? Let him clear the mystery himself. He says, " In the year 1889 1 changed my work fram railway <porter*to signalman. I had been signalman twelve months, and then all at once, BO to speak, 1 did not feel myself. My mouth tasteu bad, so that ordinary articles of diet seemed to lose their flavour; the palate to put it iu that way, appeared to have nothing to say to them. One thingwaB like another, and none was good. My tongue was coated and furred, with a dark line down the middle and yellow fur round it. My breath was offensive and my appetite poor, with pains through the chest and shoulders, which were always right before 1 had eaten anything. Then I was greatly troubled with wind. It would gather so it felt like a ball in my throat, and act as if it would choke me." We cannot wonder that under those circumstances our friend failed to do justice to his meals. He adds that there was what he calls a>" pricking sensation" at his heart, as though it were touched with some sharp instrument. Then, again, at times he was attacked with spasms, the agony of which was so severe that the isweat trolled ioff him. " I dreaded, ' he •ays, the thought of eating, and many a scanty meal have I made, for i was afraid to eat." "After a time I got into a low, weak, nervous condition, and felt miserable, as if something was going to happen, and this caused me to lose a good deal of sleep." What ho means by the fear of " something going to happen " is, of course, the fear of some calamity, such as the loas of his post tion, his own death, or the death of somebody dear to him, This was due, as he intimates, to the impoverished state of his blood (the life bearer), his unstrung nerves, and to the brain enfeebled by lack of nourishment. The night of this form of illness is always full of ghosts and goblins, the creatures of a restless and ungoverned imagination. M With great difficulty," he say9, "I stuck to my work' for I had a wife and family de pending on me. So I strugglod on, but what 1 suffered for over two years is past my powers of description. I am sure no one has suffered so much as I have done." In the latter statement he is undoubtedly wrong. One's own pain is one's own, and is always harder to bear than is one'B notion of his neighbors pain. There is a countless multitude who are all the while going through the same wretched experience,! only we dont happen to come in touch with them Well, the writer finally mentions that after all medical treatment had left him where it found him he chanced to tread in a book of a case exactly like his own having ibeen curcd by Mother Seigel's Syrup. " My wife," he says," got me a bottle at Mr. Langstaff's, in Woodlesford, and after using its contents the ailment left me and has never returned since that fortunate day. 1 should like the whole world to know what it did for me. I have been .employed by the Midland Bailway Company for eleven years. "Apperley Bridge, near Leeds." Wc publish this by Mr. Hunt's desire, in order that part of the world at least may know how thankful he is and for what reason. (Signed) GEOBUE HUNT, " Carr Bottom Koad, 