D?w TWISTER'S PATIENT. ERASMUS TWISTER was seated in his consulting-room counting up his fees, when his much be-buttoncd boy brought him a card. 'Ah! Dr. Briggs is in the waiting-room ?' asked the great Twister, alter reading the name. ' yussir.' 'Good ! When I sound the gong sliow him in.' ' Yussir.' And the boy of many buttons retired. The well-to-do doctor looked at the card and chuckled. He put away his fees, and looked at his watch. He had nothing to do, but it would b« in very bad taste to let his young rival know that ; ao he kept him wniting in the adjoining room while he trimmed his nails, yawned, turned over tho pages of an illustrated mugaxine, and yawned again. Once more he looked at his watch, and as he hud kept his visitor wait ' ing twenty minutes he sounded the '.'ong, and taking a sheet of paper began to wri'.oa prescription. ? Buttons introduced Dr. Briggs— a young man of thirty or thereabouts, thin, anxious, with carefully-brushed clothes of professional ? cut, u little worn and shiny here and there. 'Good morning, Mr. ? Ah ? ' 'Briygs.' \- ' Mr. Briggs, to be sure. Kindly taUo a ccat — I sliullbe disengaged in one minute.' ' ; . ' Don't hiirry-oijLiiuu?,mnm;k~I h-V'-.' - '?V Thank you. Hum — yes — ah — just so.' And then tho elder doctor put away his paper, and turning his clmir round faced his visitor with the most affable smile, and said, 'And now, Mr. Briggs, how are we thiB morning? How are we getting on with our new practice, hey ? Lots of patients— lots of fses— rising inaii---brilliant prospects, hey?' 'No, sir. Up to the present time I have not taken a single fee. Jones, who sold ine ; ? „ the practice, cheated me, sir. I trusted his word, and I have been shamefully deceived.' 'I'm very grieved to hear this. Tut ! tutj very distressing indeed. And you ' 'lavoawife and a young family— two or. three children, Mr. Brjggn?' ' Three, sir. My wife's money and my jwn are sunk in this practice, aud the con stant anxiety and disappointment are break ing our hearts, sir — slowly.' 'Dear, dear. Very shocking, to be sure. What, not one patient V' The doctor tried to look ns if he regretted his brother practi tioner's ill fortune. ' One only, sir, and it is not certain that I shall get anything out of that ono, without your assistance.' ' Anything, in reason, that I can do you may be »uro 1 shall do willingly. Anything — in reason.' ' I will expluin it to you,' said Dr. Briggs, and after a pause he proceeded witli some embarrassment — ' the case is a peculiar one. I am commissioned to find an authorised medical man to act with me in certifying the insanity of a young woman, whose parouts desire to place her in a lunatic asylum. ' Mr. Uriggs dropped his eyes to the floor; Dr. Twister regarded him \v1Lh a glance of suspicion. 'Nothing can bo more simple, my dear Mr. Briggs, and I shall have ere at pleasure in acting with you if I find that the young woman you speak of in insane— aud of course you would not make such a proposal to me unless you were perfectly convinced of the fact yourself.' 'That is the dilliculty, sir,' eaid Dr. Briggs. 'The young woman is perfectly reasonable on every point save one ; aud on thut she is as mad us cun br She insists that her father and mother are conspiring to put her in an asylum in order that they may get tbo handling of a large sum of money — ?ome fifteen or twenty thousand pounds — which bocomes hers at the ago of twenty one'' ^ ' 19 it^ a fact that she ia heiress to thab ant* mother stvciiuously-dcaji * s''° 'lils n0 'nouey uiW ' ' tho dmi^Mer- is mad'r' ip^osked Dr. Twister, fixing his eyes on the r unfortunate and needy young practitioner. Dr. Briggs sl :fted uneasily on his chair under this scrutiny, and replied ovasively — ' In tho absence of proof to show that the . father mid mother are liars I am bound to believe them ; and, believing them, I can only regard tho girl's assertion as a proof of insanity.' 'Very true.' Dr. Twister was far too ?.. ... prudent a doctor to let his suspicions be seen. 'Unfortunately,' said Dr. Briggs, 'unfor- tunately the appearance of tho parents is against them.' ' How, my young friend ?' 'In conlidcuco I must inform you, sir, tlint .Mr. -and Mrs. Barker— that is their name— are:; tho most villainous-looking nouplo I have over seen. One would be inclined to bulieve the daughter rather than tho parents— -if one ullowed oneself to bo prejudiced by nppeuiances.' ' Of course, appearances in many cases wei . deceiving. Miss Barker is not repul :. sive?' -N'ot at all. She is plain, but her con dition excites cumpussion. Sho is young, and she is emotional. I admit tliut nine out of ten dootors would sympathise with her. v ? : . . and agreo that her parents were conspiring infamously to destroy hor for their own base ends. I admit, sir. that I hesitated to accept : the commission offered me, and that I should fear resentment from any doctor but you, who know my position, and how necessary a : .' patient is to tny existence. I knew that at : , V': least I might depend upon your impartial S ,- f. consideration of the case if 1 laid it before , i y°u-' M ' You did quite right. I shall be at ' |e liberty to-morrow afternoon, and we will go 4.:; B together and see Miss Barker. Depend upon ' W Iti I will consider hercase with strict inipar r- i tiality.' .- j. Dr. Twister sounded tho gong nnd rose. Dr. Briggs expressed profuse thanks. ; 'Two o'clock — afternoon — to-morrow,' * ' laid Dr. Twister, smiling blandly, us Dr. Briggs, fumbling with his hat, bowed him \- lelfout of the room, i ' i - 'Hm !' said Dr. Twister, when he wan , - ilone. 'This will about finish my pre 1 ' sumptious young rival I If, as I expect, I ' ' , _ Iind that he is trying to shut up a poor girl in ah aevlum, my lady patients shall know r ' 'it, and there'll be an end of auy sympathy with my young friend, Dr. Briggs.' T ' ' 1 1 At two o'clock the following day the two &S;^*^/rr^-\Soctof'8 repaired in Dr. Twister's ' pill-box ' ] ft ' -? ? to the outskirts of tho town whern the 1 Barkers lived. Tlioy stopped bofore tilt '? , great iron gates of a ranged, uncultivated ' garden, which xurroundeii a dilapidated and long uninhabited house. A murder had been committed in the house, and tlio ghost ? ' ' / nf the murdered individual was said to haunt . , the place. For this reason, or becauso of . ? its particularly gloomy aud dismal appear -: \f: .? , mice, the house had beon to let for five years. . ' If Miss Barker was not actually mad, A'';'. incarceration in such a prison would be U' \ likely to make her so. This was the thought \- ' that passed through Dr. Twistor's mind ' *8 he looked through the gates and across : the weedy space at the weather-stained 'iY'/ ? house with its curtalnleits windows. A high ; y. . , wall skirted the grounds ; the gates were locked. ' - Dr. Briggs pulled the piece of string that ? v communicated with the boll; tho bell i. , answered with a note like a funeral knell, 'ft ,: A bent woman, with ragged groy hair, *nd a coloured handkerchief bound over one , * 1 eye, came from the house. '£r. 'Mrs. Barker,' whispered Dr. Briggs. 'Hm. Husband's been beating her, I lupposet' 'I don't know. Her eye was all right ' festerday.' ' Oh, it's you, is it?' said Mrs. Barker, nelng Dr. BriggB, and then she slowly anlocTced the gate, and took care to relock It when tbe two dootors hud paos?d through, 'I« Mr. Earlier at home?' asked T)r. Brigqs. ' \ es. You'll find him iu the front room. I'm a doing n bit. o* wahlnng.' She pointed to a row of ragged stockings and shirts dangling on a line stretched between two stunted trees. 'So I won't trouble to go indoors if yon can find your way.' '? I can find my way perfectly well,' said Dr. Briggs ; and ho led Dr. Twister up tho steps, across the unswept hall, and into the front room. Three chairs and a deal table constituted the furniture. A pewter pot and a cluy pipo lay upon the table, and in one of tlie chairs sat a man in his shirt sleeves sleeping, with his chin 011 his breast. A more blotchy, villainous-looking man could not be imagined. 'Mr. Barker,' whispered Dr. Brigcs, and then he began to scrapo his feet and cough to signify his presence. Mr. Barker with a loud grunt raised his head, looked at his visitors stupidly through his half-closed eyes a minute, und then said, as he suddenly recognised Dr. Briggs, 'Ask your pardon, gents. 1 didn't 'speel you quite 's early. If my wife wasn't such an old fool she'd a let me know.' With many apologies of this kind, Mr. Barker rose, put on the coat which lay on the floor, and smoothed down his short, stubborn crop ot' hair. I ' I suppose you would like to see Martha,' j said he, when these personal attentions were j completed. j 'Of course; and the sooner the better, . if you please,' said Dr. Twister, majes tically. j ' I'm 'bleeged for to keep hor locked up, : in case she should break out voilent, don't ye know,' said Mr. Barker, taking the key off d nfiil ill the wall. He led the way upstairs, unlocked a door, and, throwing it open, revealed his daughter. Sho was a pale, thin girl, very neatly nnd simply dressed ; she sat by thoopon window, which overlooked a brickfield, and had a book in her hand. Dr. Tv.'ister regarded hor for two minutes in silence, and then turning to Mr. Barker and Dr. Briggs, he said, very coldly — 'I wislt to make my examination in private. Allow me to close the door.' This lie did, leaving Mr. Barker and Dr. Briggs on the outer side. Dr. Twister was closeted witli Miss Barker for a long time. ' I cannot form an opinion as to the state of Miss Barker's mind until I have seen her several times,' said he to Mr Barker. ' I shall call again about this hour to-morrow In the meantime, you must give her as much liberty as she requires, that Imayseo if that diminishes the hallucination— if hallucina tion it bo— under which she at present suffers.' ' Liberty, sir,' said Mr. Barker. 'You don't suppose I'm going to lay myself open to all manner of trouble on account of her violence, do you ?' 'I will answer for it that she is not violent. No doctor — that is, no doctor with a reputation to sustain — willgiveacort.ificate until he has proved to his own satisfaction that his patient's disease is not curable by simple remedies.' ' Well, I don't mind letting hor havo the run of the garden.' ' That will suffice. Ntw, I am to under stand from you emphatically, Mr. Barker, that there is no ground whatever for your daughter's statement with regard to tho inheritance of her auut's property?1' ' Why, blow me, sho ain't got no aunt — and never had one, as I know on. I can't say no more than that. As I said to Dr. Briggs here, I can't prove that nothing ain't which never wasn't, except by saying of it, can I I' ' Vory good. I shall require that state ment in writing to-morrow.' ' I don't mind putting rny hand to paper as fur as that goes,' said Mr. Barker, after some consideration. The doctor made a short bow, and retired with Dr. Briggs. ' My young friend,' said Dr. Twister, when they were seated in tho brougham, ' this is one of tho clearest attempts at !?raud which ever came under my notice ; Jnd were it not for consideration of your innocent wife and children, I should Qenoii-i^e-you at oiisfl-as-uL participator in this most 'infamous conspiracy. ? ' Oh, my dear sir, I beg you to have mercy on my poor wife, mil to think of my desperate situation.' 'Ido. I also think with emotions of the tenderest kind of that unhappy young woman.' 'You think there is not the slightest causo fur considering her a lunatic.' ' Not the slightest in the world. She is as sano as I am. But what might result rum the treatment of Mich a villain as her father I will not undertake to say. From such a futo I um resolved to save her if it is possible.' 'How, sir?' 'That is. my secret,' said Dr. Twister. ' As you value my mercy, and as you dread exposure, you will second the efforts I make on behalf of that poor girl.' ' Be assured, sir, that I shall.' Dr. Twister made half-a-dozen visits to Miss Barker. Then he made a proposal to I Mr. Barker. He undertook to take chargo of Miss Barker for twelve months free of expense But as Martha would be 21 in tix months, her father emphatically refused to accept tlio offer. ' She is my daughtor,' /aid he, ' and she don't leave 1110 until she inters improper asylum. Not she.' Tlion Dr. Twister mado a strong resolve. I ' .Mr. Briggs,' said ho, after paying the sevonth visit to Miss Barker, ' I am resolved to save that girl at any oost, and I make no hesitation of disclosing my plan to you, as I can punish you at any moment by revealing your part in this nofarioiis scheme if you attempt to thwart, or if you refuse to assist my project.' . 'I um in your hands, sir, und my conduct will prove my gratitude bettor tlmn my words.' ' Good. Now, I have nrranged with Mies Barker — whom I find to be a young woman of decent education, of good fooling, and not iinpleusing appeiiVunce— to escape from hoi father's custody. Further, I have obtained a license and shall make her my wife. To-night, by means of a ladder, I shall carry her oft, aud to-morrow I shall havo a legal right to protect her, and save her fortuuo from falling into tho hands of that scoundrel her father. This will necessnrily tako me away from my patients for a couple of days at the least. During that time you will attend to them— and littleas you may expect such generosity — I shall pay you for your services, shall take you round with me -'this afternoon, and you will carry out my instruc tions with the utmost cure.' Dr. Briggs overwhelmed his magnanimous rival with the expressions of his gratitude, aud culled Heaven to aid the succcsslul carrying out of the great Dr. Twistoi s humane scheme. Dr. Twister carried oft' Martha Barkor aud mud« luir his wife. He was in constant communication with Dr. Briggs and his patients, and finding that everything was going on as well ns could be wished, ho extended the length of his honeymoon. Indeed, with a wifo who would sooti be in legal possession of eighteen thousand pounds 110 could afford to neglect his practice, und take thut holiday which ho had so long denied himself. He found his wifo n very agreeable woman, and had no reason to repent his marriage until towards the end of tho month, when his wife exhibited symptoms of a most alarming kind. She said bIio felt much better. The change liad done her good ; and she began tu doubt tho truth of that statement she had made in her illness. 111 fact, shu felt sure tliat her dear ' Kns.-y ' need not trouble himself to send for a lawyer to investigate her case and seek her missing aunt, for she was positively certain that she lmd no rich uuuti und tliat iter supposition as to the inheritance mus but an idle fanoy, which would not longer trouWle her now that qhe was settled and happy. t » . i * . £ ' | Meanwhile, Dr. Briggs was becoming the idol of l)r. Twister's |Mtients, anil tho best part of them declared that henceforth they would never have that stupid old doctor, with his pompous airs and noxious incflicu cious drugs to attend them. This was very agreeable to poor Charlie Briggs, and he spent many a pleasant, even ing with his old friends,.!. D. Barker (of tho T.R. Mashborough) and his wife— who without their wigs and paint looked no more villainous than any other pair of low i comedians — in congratulating themselves on I the happy idea which had occurred to them i in the time of their adversity, whereby Dr. I Briggs had obtained a practice, and Mr. aud Mrs. Barker, a well-to-do husband for their poor, pluin Martha. For the blow which Dr. Twister had incurred there was no remedy but timo. It would have ruined him to expose the facts, and although he saw plainly that he had been duped, he never attempted to punish those who had taken him in, for their retalia tion was to be feared. He was very bitter 1 j witli his wife for some time, but I10 wisely I decided after awhile to make the best of a , bud bargain ; and Martha responded so ! readily to his kinder overtures, aud showed i herself — us many plain wives do— such an | amiable, considerate, and lively companion, 1 that, he camo in tiie course of time to regard ; his bargain as a good one after all. One i thing it did, it taught him humanity, and j the result of that lesson is that sometimes j the two doctors, their wives and children, 1 and Mr. and Mrs. Barker, sit down to dinner at the sumo table— and enjoy it. — Man of, the World. j A rHEKOMENAL HORSEMAN, j The greatest physical achievement ever accomplished in America was tho ride of F. j X. Aubrey from the plaza of Santa Fe, ! N.M., to tho public square at Independence, i Mo., a distance of nearly eight hundred! miles, through a country a largo part of j which was then a sandy desert, and inhabi- ; ted by warlike Indians. I It was in the year 1851. Aubrey was a| short, heavy-set man, 38 years of i age, in the prime of manhood and: strength. His business for .ten 'years as a ' Sunta Fii trader had made him perfectly j familiar with tho trail and all the stopping 1 places. He was a perfect horseman, ahd ! although thore were great riders in those j days, none of them cared to dispute the palm with Aubrey. . For a wager of £200 he undertook 10 ride alone from Santa F-5 to . Independence in less than six day. Ho sent I half-a-dozen of his swiftest horses ahead to j be stationed at different points for use in the ride. He left SantaF^atasweepiiii.'' gallop, ' and that was the pace he kept up during nearly every hour of the time until lie fell fainting from his foam-covered horse in the square at Independence. It took him just five days and nineteen hours to perform the ieat, and it cost the lives of several of hin best horses. After being carried into a room of tho old hotel at Independence, A'ubroy lay for furty-eight hours in a dead stupor before he came to his senses. He would never have recovered from the ahock had it not been for his won derful constitution. The feat wns- unani mously regarded by Western men us the greatest exhibition of strength and endur ance ever known on the plains. [ After his ride he became tho lion of th« j West, und'was dined and feted at St. Lnuis though he hnd been a conquering hero. He finally met his dentil at the hands of a friend. One day, iu 1854, in an altercation ' with Major Richard H. Weightman, the' great rider was stabbed to the heart, and ' dropped dead in a Santa F£ saloon. He wus buried in an unknown grave, and all thnt is ' remembered of him is hit remarkable ridK FAIRLY GOOD B'ISHING. Cor.oSFr. T. P. Keator is the biggest li — , I mean the best story- teller, und the bost advertising man, vjl'.o ever escaped Iromi Congress. i ? j ' 1)13' v55'fi'nd..gQafHi.i'hln^ oufc thore'ftl nquired a friend, ^rtly after the Colonel's I return from the StUr»nf Washington. ' Well, yes ; proHy fair. But at first 1 1 thought it was a pou- country, for I threw a lly for a whole day ill Siioi|ii:ilumo river, nnd only caught twenty mountain trout. That discouraged mil. Didn't try it ugain until tho salmon trout began to run. 'You found it better tlion?' suggested the friend. j ' Yes ; a trifle. We were at Black Jack I Creek, near Sidney. Thero were soveral fish ' there. The fact is, that when wo wunted to cross the stream, we found no difficulty in using the backs of the salmon for stepping stones. Passed over dry-shod every time 1 We took a couple pitchforks', hnd loaded u lumber waggon-box full in threo hours. Haven't done such work since -1- holped in the hny field when a boy.' ' Was that the extonb of your Washing ton fishing?' inquired tho friend'. ' No. Westopped off 011 tho other slope of the Cascade Range, arid tried our. luck in the Green river. But thero's 110 sport in fishing in that stream.' ' 'That's quoer,' exclaimed the friend, : 'I supposed thab was one of the best trout streams in Washington. Perhaps you hap pened to strike it on a day when the fish were lazy.' ' Lazy, great heavens 1 Why, man all vo ! the fish there are absolutely suvn'go. We actually had to get behind'a tree for a clmuce to bait our hooks. No, sir, there's no sport forme in that kind of fishing.' I A GREAT SCHEME. I 'I say, old man, could you'let me have' a Imlf-sov. until to- morrow ?' said Williamson to M'Drouth, as he mot that, gentleman coming but of a public-house .tho . other morning.! ' I caine down town without my purse through mistake; but- if . you can lend me half a sov. that will 'do me for to-day.' ' Awfully 'sorry,' was the reply ; ' but ? I've only got a live-pound note, and 1 dou'ti won't tobrcnk it.' ? . ' Why ?' nsked the other. ' Well,' 'r ioined AI'Drouth ' it's this' way ; It iviinu -u hour of mid-day yob, and since eight o'c.i.ok I've hud six beers and two gKsses of whisky on that i'S noto, . and the scheme's too good to spoil.'. ? ? . - ? 'I don't understand,' remarked William son, with a puzzled expression. ' Don't you ? ' retorted ?' Mae. ' Man alive! it's quite . simple. vr I called- for whutover l iwanted. in .each - case, 7 drank it, und throw 1 dou'n-;the:i5-^iolo,-iiw payment.-! In every ? pub ?.(.il've ' trmd'- yet1' jthe ^bar. keeoer had no change. ? See?. Tu, tu. - Must', bo going ' IT WAS AN ACCIDENT. ? 'I onuehstakd,' remarked the, polite reporter to the close-mouthed, manager of a western railroad, noted for. its poor time, 'that there was an accident' 011. your road last night.' ; 1 ' Oh, do you ? ' was the sarcastic roply ' Yes, sir,'. 'Do you know anything about it?' ' Only that it happened^ to the train which was due here at 8. IS.' ' That train . came in promptly on time, sir,' said the maaagor firmly... 'v \ ? . 'Are you sure of that?' ' Of course I am.' 'Thanks. That must have ' been the accident referred to,' and the reporter dodged out safely. ' . She (at her desk) : 'Dear, please tell me how to spell costume. I'm writing to mother about my lovely new gown.'. ? He: ' Well, are you ready.?' She : ' Yes.' He: ' C-o-s-b, cost.' She: 'Yes.' He: 'T-o, to.' - She: '.Weill' He : 'M-e, me— £20, as yet unpaid,' She : Yea're * wrctgn,' ? 