LOCAL NEWS. The famous American drama 'Struck Oil' was produced In tbe Town Hall last uigbt by (he Maggie Moore Dramatic Company to a crowded bouse, and bd sxoellent and enjoyable performance was given. A lively interest was aroused at Ibe outset which frequently Increased aud found vent iu warm applause, wbile at other times a Bympatbic silence be spoka stronger aud more emotional feel fug ns tbe many touching phaBeB nf tbe story were passed. Mies Maggin Moore as tbe central figure, Liezie Stofel , de lighted the spectators witb her sterling perforjAKP. Her act ioif, changing witb such 0^H|ffect from grave to gay, wsb moBt p^^K, and her stuging was cbarm iDg, a cHr laughing eong taking (be bouse bj^Brm. Tbe John St*fe( of Mr. John For^f was a very creditable per form ince, and tnauy of the scenes witb Lizzie were very good. Mr. Charles Hill made such a success of Eben Iskmner, tbe hypocritical villain, tbat a etorm of boot ing invariably greeted bis appearance. Miss M. Melville gave a very homely and natural interpretation to the part of Susan Stofel, *bd the other members well sustained^ be balance of tbe cast. Tbe piece was nicely mounted and went without a bitch all tbrougb. To-nigbt a double bill will be presented, commenc ing with ' Tbe Cnild of tbe Regiment' and concluding with an exceedingly amusing farce enti'led 'Tbe Chinese Question.' in wbicb Miss Maggie Moore appears ts advantage. To-day Ib Asceusion Day or Holy Thursday. It baB been concluded that it was established not later than tbe second half of the third century. Its commemoration is recogulsed by Bt. ChrysoBtom among tbe principal holy days of the Crucifixion, the PaBBinn, the Resurrection, and the Pentecostal out pouring of tbe Holy Ghost, and be styles it 'the illustrious and refulgent day of the assumption of tbe Crucified.' St. Augustine epeafcs nf It as 'tbe day on which we celebrate the ascension of our Lord tn Heaven.' There will be local services to-day ia the Roman Catholic, Lutheran, aod Anglican churches. At St. Paul's there will be Holy Communion at 7 aod II a.m. and Evensong witb sermon at 7.30. Spscial collections will be made no behalf of tbe choir music fund. Next week, as tbe week preoed iug PentecoBt, will be beld as a week ot prayer in connection witb tbe Wesleyan, Anglican, Presbyteriau, Baptist. Primi tive Methodist, and Congregational churches of this town. The laBt meet ing will be beld in tbe Town Halloo Whit Sunday afternoon at 4 p.m. These signs ol unity snnuta draw out large gatherings of people and Influence for good those whose hearts have been nude sad ' by our unbappy divisions.' Tbe first meeting will be held In St. Paul's schoolroom on Tuesday evening next at Sp.m. The first of a series of monthly tem perance meetings to be beld during tbe winter mouths by tbe Total Abstinence Society, came off In the Temperance Hall last nlgbt and was only moderately attended. After the singing of a bymu the Rev. R. R. Eva (chairman), explained as president of the Society that It was tbe iuLenlion of tbe committee to bold monthly meetings to promote the oauee of temperanos, whlob would be made as attractive as possible. He hoped tbat tbe working men of tbe town would take an interest iu ibe Association, and before tbe end of the year the membership which was now very small would be over 100\. Tbe success of tbe meetings de pended on tbe support tbey received from temperance mnu In tbe way of rendering reoitatlmiB, solns, &c.;, which he asked for. The Rev. E. Ynungman (chairman of the Ministers' Association) delivered an Interesting address for the oause of temperance in a forcible mauner. Dur ing the evening several ladles and gentle men rendered solos, reoi tattoos, &o.;, and the ineetiug was not alone enjoyable but Instructive. This social given by Ibe Wesley an Mutual Help Hualeiy nit Tuesday evening proved a most enjoyable one. Tbe schoolroom, the platform end of whlob was nicely decorated with pnlplants, was comfortably ill'ed with people. Tbe Rev, K. Ynungman nooupled the chair, and after making a few remarks respecting the sociely, annnounoed the reepeotlve items on the programme. Tbe musical part was taken by Misses, Soulhenden, Wiles, and Jones, and Messrs. Walker (flute), Half and Eilwood. Reoltatlona were given by Miss, Miller and Messrs, Crystal! and Morrow ; and selections were read by Rhv. C. Wiles, Messrs. Mackenzie and Kemp, and tlie chairman. Refreshments were provided and banded round by tbe ladies, and a very pleasant evening was brought to a olose by all heartily elnglnit a verse of tbe National Anthem. SoDTifEBDKN AND Co. will hold tbelr usual sale of prime TaemaolsD Fruit thle afternoon at 8 o'olook. Tub weekly Petty Debts Court was| held yepterd ay, before G. L. Lukln, E-q , P.M., when, out of 15 oases But down for hearing, ilie following wern decided by the Bench Undefended i R. Abraham', inn,, v. — Htnldkn ; goods sold, £8 Oa. 41. Verdict for plaintlfl, with S-. costs, lirenuau and Guragbty v, Mitlhewsou; hire nf hor«« and harness, £2. Verdict for platntltr, with 5r copI*. W, It. Gond wiu v. William King ; mmds sold, £7 14«. Od. V- rdle.t fnr plaintlfl, with 5-. onsts, and £1 In. professional copIs. Mr. M'Gram appeared fnr (he plaintlfl Maryborough Newspaper Co. v. G. 8. Wilsnn; goods sold, £4 6s. 61. Verdict fnr plaintiRa, with 6s, enste, Brnnnau and Gsraghty v. G S Wilson ; goods sold, £2 6'. 8Jd. V-rdict for plaintlfl, with 6'. costs. Defended : John Appel v. James Barrett; rent and rates due, £21 16'. Mr. M'Grath appeared for the plain tiff and Mr. Mnrtou for thn defendant Verdict for the plalmllt fnr £14, with an allowance nf £1 2s. 61. for rates due, £2 2». professional costa, IT*, witnesses' ex penses, aud 4-. 61. costs of court. The following Is a list of tbe immi. grants tbat arrived hsre per R.M.S Jeiungs, from London, for Maryborough and Bundaberg, on Tuesday last : — Females : Elizabeth Donovan, Margaret Donovan, Alios Hooker, Kale Klrby, Annie M'Ciuakey, Elsie Piokntt, Ada Wring, Lilly Wring, L'rnlsa Benuett, Bessie Bennett, Bridget Fitzgibbon, Alice Fitzgibbon, Eliza Green, Lizzie Green, Ellen Green, Suean Mill, Edith Bowles, Minnie Bowles, Harriett Bowles, Ellz« Tinkler, Emma Clover. Males : Albert Cornish, Thomas Cornish, Wm. Ward, Wm. Green. Edward Madden, Jno. Wallace, George Rowel I, George Clover, Charles Clover, Albert Clover, Thomas Cook. Wui. Foord, Thomas Hutuin. Tbe Bundaberg batch went on to their destin ation by train. and those fnr Maryborough who did nnt go to friends are located in tbe Depot awaiting engagement. It may be mentinued says the Courier as BeomewbBt curious circumstance In connection with the execution nf Deem ing, that (he news nl the execution was probably published by the London papers even before It appeared in tbe earliest issue of tbe afternoon papers in Melbourne and other Australian cities, and In fact— according tn local time — some Ave hours before the execution actually took place. The difference between Melbourne and London time is 9 hours 40 minutes, and tbe bour of execution being 10 a.m., or 20 minutes after midnight, London time, tbe news being cabled to England with the utmoBt despatch, would have reached there in ample time for the morning papers. The election of a member lo fill the vacancy in the Bundabere district caused by the death nf Mr. W. Adams, appears to be exciting great interest, and the Mail states that 10 candidates have neen named, including Sir Chailes Lllley. The labor organisation are deliberating over s selection of three numes, and will probably finally choose G. C. Casey, the organiser, who is now in Bundaberg. On the other side several citizens at preseut appear inallned to stand in tbe same interests, but t-Horts are belug made to I combine forces aod nominate one candi date only. The question who shall retire j bids fair tn cause some trouble. We have received a copy of the splen did facsimile of 'The Queen's Letter to tbe Nation,' published by Her Majestv's commands by Raphael 1 nnk and Sodb, fine art publishers, London. Tbe letter ts surrounded bv b beautiful border, exeouted by Mr. Poynter, R.A. Tbe de sign is composed of an architectural framework witb thirteen allegorical figures supporting a panel on which tbe Queen's letter ia displayed. Tbe whole of tbe profits realised by tbe sale of tbe facsimile letters will be devoted lo ' I he Gordon Boys' Home,' aud other charities aeleoted by Her Majesty. We have received from the British India und Queensland Agency Company, « copy nf (heir fifth annual issue nf the ' Handbook of Information' for 1692 93. The volume is as usual well compiled, most of tbe reading matter having been re-written and about 30 new illustrated plates added. Tbe Company deserve praise for disseminating iu this manner interesting and reliable information about the various shipping ports of tbiB and other colonies Ten thousand copies of this handbook are distributed throughout tbe country. The lecture on Bach and Handel, witb choruses and solos from those masters' workB, takes place in the Presbyterian . Cburch tbla evening. The cboir have been iu bard praotice for eotne time past aod should aoquit themselves well. Several organ solos by tbe organist will also be given, and (be evening ehnuld be a most profitable aud pleaeaut one. , Theie will be a collection taken up to go towards the organ fund. We have received a neatly printed copy of thesoog 'Tbe Old Flag and tbe New,' from Messrs. Jack and M'Kenzie, Bris bane. The words are by Frank Ayrton, tbe comedian, and Frank Eugarde Ib tbe composer. The song has been sung witb great success by Miss Maggie Moore In Sydney. The police continued yesterday at 4 a.m. and again in the afternoon tn drag for the body of tbe lad Herman Sybrooski, who was drowned at tbe Granville boat ferry lauding ou Tuesday evening, but without success. At tbe Police Court yesterday morn ing, before G. L Lukln, Esq., P.M , a 'drunk' who bad imbibed too freely on tbe Queen's Birthday, wascautioned and discharged. The Eight-hour Demonstration annual meeting takes place to- night, when a new committee will bn appointed, and preliminary arrangements made for tbe demonstration tbis year. The ' Y' U uion will be at borne at tbe Oddfellows' Hall to morrow nigbt, and ft is expected tbat a vary pleasant evening will be spent. The monthly meeting of the Primitive Methodist (Ms rob street) Band nf Hope will be beld In the Marnh street Oburob on Friday next, 27tb instant. Tub weather beoame more unsettled yesterday, and last nigbt wae showery witb a strong southerly wind. CAI'T. HI'KNOB, of tbe May (says the Mail) is still iu town, though bis vessel Is lying at the Heads ready for ses, He awaits the final visit from the Polynesian Inspector, Mr. H, St. G. Caulfelld, wbo, we understand, Is expected to be on board some time on Thursday. Tbe May bss *0 boys on board returning to tbe lelBndg, many of wbom have expressed tbelr Inteotlon of again coming to Queens land. Several of tbeBe boys bave beea from three to ten years lo tbla colony, and are merely anxiouB to eee tbeir friends, THE trader Ariel will be toned to Mary borough on Saturday next for repairs. We understand tbeBe oannot be etteoted In lest tban a month.— 