Intercolonial Cricket Match, South Australia v. New South Wales. ADELAIDE, Decembee 16. The intercolonal match between New South Wales and South Australia waa begun on the Adelaide Oval to-day in pleasant warm weather. There were about 2000 people present, indudingthe Earl of Kintore and* suite. Camphin was left out of the Sydney team. Moses winning the toss, sent his side in on a perfect wicket. A disastrous start . was made, as Jones lifted Giffen's third _ball fairly into 'the hands of Reedman, who is the safest fieldsman in South Australia. Bannerman was joined by Moses, and these two soon settled down. The erratic fast deliveries of Jones enabled them to score several fourers, and a long partnership seemed to have begun, when Bannerman, in faying to block a yorker, only managed to snick it into the dip's hands. Two for 39. Gregory, next man, foolishly ran himself out, and the discouraging total of 48 for three wickets appeared. Donnan, who then joined his captain, opened very gingerly. When only four he had a narrow escape from being caught by Giffen off his own bowling. He soon settled down, however, and with Moses well set and scoring dowly but surely, the total was increased steadily. Jones, Bee dm an, Fred. Jarvis, Lyons, and Parkin were all tried with the ball, but Parkin was the only one who troubled the batsmen. Moses especially seemed troubled, and when he had made 62 he gave Blinman a chance which was too high for a player of such small dimensions to hold. Donnan had reached the same total when Jarvis should have stumped him easily off Parkin. Donnan was a yard out of the crease, but Jarvis lost the ball ere he whipped off the bails. In the next over Blinman at ?mid-off missed Donnan. One hundred was in advertently hoisted for Moses,, whereat, the crowd applauded ; but one of the three runs made j ust before by the left-hander was short, and when he was bowled next over he was one short of the century. During a four and a quarter hours1 innings Moses only gave one possible chance, and he was eventually bowled clean round his ltgs. The fourth wicket in creased the score bv 151. Iredale joined Donnan, and when only 2 should have been easily run out when attempting a short run. Donnan wasneariug the century, and played cautiously. Again he was luckv, Giffen , at point, failing to holda warm chance off Iieeaman's bowling wheu Donnan was 97* The fielding throughout the afternoon was wretched, even balls along the ground being fumbled. Beedman and Fred. Jarvis were smart, and the elder Jarvis, with the gloves, was brilliant, notwithstanding his one slip. George Giffen bowled splendidly without any luclk. Decembee 17. The match was resumed to-day. There was a large attendance. The visitors, with four wickets down for 244 runs, continued the batting, and were all disposed of for 337 runs, after two and a half hours' play. Iredale was out lbw before he got set, but Callaway and Donnan made another stand. Jones, the fast bowler, was then put on, and after yorking 1 Callaway, .he beat Donnan with a beautiful ball. Youili played a good not-put innings for 36. Giffen soon finished up the,. rest. .The South Australians' fielding was much better thanon the previous day. Lyons and A. H. Jarvis opened for South Aus tralia. After making a single, tbe wicket keeper . was stumped by Wales off Calla way, the umpire's decision being much ques tioned by the crowd. Lyons made things lively for a time, until he was bowled by Pierce for 16\. Wilkinson fell to the Eame bowler for 9, and Beedman also succumbed to Pierce after making 11. He played one back into the bowler's hands. Trill and George Giffen, however, got together, and the partnership remained undissolved at 6 o'clock, when stumps were drawn. George Giffen played careful but taking cricket, remaining not out with 53 runs to his credit. Hill batted ex tremely well, playing the bowling with confidence. His score was 46 runs. Each, however, gave a diffi cult chance. Callaway and Pierce bore the brunt of the bowling, the latter getting three wickets aud the former the remaining wicket. Newell was also tried. .. December 19. (.;..The match was, resumed to-day. There was a. 'fair attendandg,^ which increased considerably after lunch. ' The picket was still good. Giffeo, 53, and Hill, 46, resumed batting to the bowl ing of Callaway and Pierce. Wheu Giffen was 55, Wales' missed, a difficult chance.of .catching him at tho wickets off Callaway. At 166 Pierce bowled JliU. for CO. The batsman was well received for his serviceable innings. Fredk. Jarvis failed- to score, and so did Parkin, but a elight stand was made between Giffen and Blinman until the captain was caught, his total being 75. He played careful but useful cricket. Shortly afterwards an adjournment was made for lunch. Delaney and Blinman put on a fair number of runs, but when Blinman had made 25 he bad the misfortune to play Pierce on to his wicket. He was batting extremely* well. Jones, the last sian, was all amiss at the second ball he had from Pierce, and the innings dosed for 212, Delaney being not out, 2. -The local men followed on, Lyons and Giffen ?starting. Both men commenced with a determina tion to wipe off the debit of 125, and the . score mounted rapidly. Lyons, after being missed by Newell when he was 4, hit with increasing vigour in. a way which inspired the crowd with the greatest enthusiasm. When the total was 66 Giffen was clean bowled for 10 by Pierce. Arthur Jarvis followed, and another prolonged stand was made. At 173, after several changos of bowling had been resorted to, Jarvis, who played a nice clean innings, marred, however, by a previous chance, was caught by Jones, off Pierce. The burly wicket keeper batted exceeding well. Hill, who performed so creditably in the first innings followed, but at 195 Lyons, when he had scored 124, just four ahead of Donnan's score, was caught by Wales, off Iredale. TTill was bowled for 9 by Newell. The stumps were then drawn, the total being 195 for four wickets. Decembeb 20. The South Australians resumed their second innings to-day in the presence of a fair attendance. The weather was tropical. Beedman, the not out man, and Blinman made a. capital stand, which was not terminated till after lunch, when tho latter, after playing an excellent inn ings of 30, was dismissed through the instrumentality of Donnan. Beedman took his score to 73, when Donnan alio brought about his downfall. Beedman played sterling aricket, and did not give the -ghost of a chance. His performance was most meri torious, and the fieldsmen thowed .unmistakeable joy ' at his removal. Of the rtat, Fred. Jarvis, who played somewhat recklessly, was the only one within reach of double figures. Wilkinson, F. Jar vis, and Jones were all dismissed by Pierce, for small scores. Parkin remained not out with 3. When New South Wales, in their second innings, had three wickets down for 39, Jones jumped out to the ball from Jones, the South Adelaide fast bowler. The leather rebounded from Jarvis's pads,^- and the University man was otit. Soon after the same bowler scattered Moses's wicket, with a beautiful ball. Gregory made 13, when Giffen, who was trundling well, caught him off his own bowling. A stand was made between Bannerman and Donnan. The latter made 20, when he got out in the same way as Gregory. He played splendid cricket. Bannerman was stonewalling in his own particular way, and for an hour contented himself with playing Giffen back, not adding even a single to his tally during that period. Alt last he got the South Australian captain beautifully to leg for 4. Youili shaped nicely until a fast one upset his calculations — five for SO. Bannerman played with dogged defence until time, although five minutes before time Giffen was supposed to have caught and bowled him. Mr. Seazcy gave it as not out. Decehbeb 21. The ? match was concluded to-day. With five wickets down for 86 runs, and with. 120 more rune to make to win, the visiting team continued its second innings, the not-,out men of yesterday's play, Iredale and Bannerman, going to the creases. The wicket was not very much impaired consider ing that it had had four day b' play upon it, and the weather was slightly cooler. Although when Ban nerman and Iredale made a bit of a stand New South Wales seemed to have a chance of pulling off the match, yet when these two were dismissed there waa little doubt as to the result. Five minutes before the usual adjournment for lunch all the visitors were disposed of for 148, South Australia thus winning the match by 57 runs. Bannerman took his score to 30, and Iredale batted well for 36, but with the ex ception of these, Callaway was the only one to reach double figures. Giffen was the moBt successful bowler, although the deliveries of Jones troubled the batsmen. The following are the scores : — New Sooth Wales.— First Innings. Jones, c Beedman, b Giffen ? 0 Bannerman, c Delaney,bJarvis ? ? 16 ? Gregory, run out ? Moses, b Giffen ? ^ Donnan, b Jones ? t J - Iredale, lbw, b Giffea ? 22 Callaway, b Jones ... ... ? 19 Youili. not out ? ? ...' 36 Newell, cA.IL Jarvis, b Giffen ? 5 Pierce, b Giffen ? -. ... ? 3 Wales, b Giffen ? 2 Byes ? 7 Leg byes ... ... ? 6 Total ? &37 Bowling Analysis.— Giffen, 445 balls, 32 maidens, 133 runs, 6 wickcts ; Jones, 216 balls, 8 maidens, 93 runs, 2 wicketa ; F. Jarvis, 132 balls, 6 maidens, 45 runs, 1 wicket ; Lyons, 36 balls, 2 maidens, 11 runs ; Parkin, 132 balls, 6 maidens, 40 runs ; Beedmau, 24 ball?-, 2 maidens, 2 inns. South Austeaija. — First Innings. A. H. Jarvis, st Wales, b Callaway ... 1 Lyons, b Picrce ? ... 16 Wilkinson, e Gregory, b Pierce ? 9 Beedman, c and b Pier.?e ? 11 G. Giffen, c Moses, b Pierce ? 75 Eil, b Pierce ... ... ! ? 60 F. Jarvis, e 'Wales, b Pierce ? 0 Parkin, b Callaway ? ? 0 Blinman, b Pierce ? 23 Jones, b Pierce ? 0 Delaney, not out ? 2 Sundries ? 15 Total ? 212 Bowling Analysis.— Pierce, 27;) balls, 13 maidens, 111 runs, -8 wickets; Callaway, 292 balls, 7 maidens, 65 runs, 2 wickets ; Newell, 90 ball's; 8 maidens, 20 runs ; Jones, 18 balls, 2 maidens, 1 run. Pierce and Callaway each bowled a no-ball. -i' ? - . ] South Atrsrit a t.ta. — Second Innings.' Giffen, b Pierce ... ... ?... 10 A. H. Jarvi®, c Jones, b Pierce ... 40 ?Lyons, c Wales., b Iredale ? '...124 ? - Hill, b Newell ? ... 9 Beedman, b Donnan ? 73 Blincian, c and b Donnan ? 30 Delaney, b Donnan ? ? 3 F. Jarvis, c Jones, b Pierce ? ... 13 Wilkinson, c Donnan, b Pierce ? 3 Junef i c Bannerman, b Pierce ? 6 Parkin, not out ... ? 3 Sundries ? 16 Total ? 330 Bowling Analysis. — Pierce, 236 balls, 2 maidens, 154 runs, 5 wickets ; Newell, 162 balls, 11 maidens, 59 runs, 1 wicket; Callaway, 84 balls, 5 m&idens;, 30 runs ; Gregory, 48 balls, 2 maidens, 10 runB ; Jontn, 42 balls, O maiden, 3 runs; Iredale, IS balls, 3 maidens, 2 runs, 1 wicket ; Donnan, 54 bolls, 2 maidens, 26 runs, 3 wickets. New South Wales. — Second Innings. Jones, 6t Jarvis, b Jones ? 6 Moses, b Jones ? S Gregory, c and b Giffen ? 1ST Donnan, c and b Giffen ? 20 Youili, b Jarvis ? C Iredale, c and b Jones ? ... 86 Bonnerman. c and b J01103 ? ... 30 Callaway, b Giffen ? ? 10 Fierce, b Giffen ... ? ? ... 0 'Wales, c Jarvis, b Giffen ? 6 ? ? Newell,- not out ... ? ???... . ft Sundries-... ? ... - ... - ... --..;14 148 Bowling Analysis.— Giffen, 250 baUs,lS maidens, 58 runs, 6 iricketa ; Jarvis, 96 balls, 6 maidens, 27 tors, 1 wicket; Jones, 150 balls, 4 maidens, 49 runs, S wickets. 