AMUSEMENTS. THE DIIAMA. &D.; Mr. Walter Bentlcy may not bo a genius, but few. capable of forming a dispassionate judg- ' m'ent will deny him tho credit of possessing marked, if not great, ability. What is of more : importanoe to an actor also, he is studious arid--' ever on tho watch for self improvement. Ho - is not abovo accepting a judicious suggestion ' whero ids own reading and rendering of passages may appear defcotive, and whore' it can be - logically demonstrated that ho is in error. Tnese arc excellent recommendations, especially in a young man who comparatively is oiily upon tho threshold of his career. Per contra, how ever, Mr. Bentloyidhighly susceptible to flattery, and his ogotiam and vanity exuteise an unmis takable aud unfortunate iutluence upon his act ing where he forgets for a time what is duo to his art no less than to his audience. An in stance in point was afforded on Saturday night, when ho appeared iu his favorite character of Hamlet, The effect of this was to bring out in BltlUllg IVAIUl OUIUW VI _ AiiO WAJ uue» .i|i«»uvivii »»» . most glaring imporfectious. His impersonation was not by auy means equal to others iu which ho had previously appeared in Melbourne. It lucked that scholarly preoision, that philoso phical tone, the clear inciaivencss of the cameo, that strength, body aud intellectual grsudeur of tho Hamlet voougiiiscd by thoso who have had opportunities of witnessing the noble Dane portrayed by some of the greatest lights 01' the stage. It was iu parts sieve .ly, hysterical aud - full of affeetatiuu, and a tendency to achiuro olap-trap effects. Here and there the actor would re-assert himself and rise superior to his mannerisms. Then lie allowed tho part to absorb his individuality, and ho felt and seomcd what he represented. The fino satire when replying to the devious fntcrroga- . tones nud senile sido observations of l'olomus becamo moro truoulcnco, linrsh, orucl and un seemly. To liis mother, the Queen, he was simply brutal, and tho new business intro duced w on alluding to tho pioture of tho tw 0 brothers was in veiy questionable taste. In pointing to lieaveu he might havo felt justified 111 supposing his dead father there, if the poor ' ghost had not complained that ho was for " tho - day confined to fast in fires till the foul crimes' ' done in tits days or nature wero uiuim uuu- purged away." Then iu pointing downward in the opposite direction it could have only a future significance, inasmuch as "mine uncle" was still very much iu the flesh, and had not yet taken his passage below. To Ophelia, Mr. Bcutloy wus fitful. So far so good. But iu his overwhelming emotion, when lie kneels, sobs, weeps, shrieks, rises, rushes to aud fro franti cally, ho was moro like a denieutcd fomalo than - a man with a set purpose firmly fixed in his - mind. To tho ghost he was only ounven- tioiially respectful, - 'Possibly 'this might have: ariseu from tho manner iu which tho supernu- : tural visitor was represented 011 this occasion. I11 any caso, tbo usually, dutiful uud reverential , youth seemed testy ami semi-reproachful, and , " followed " not with tho etrnuge uud awestruck iuquisitivencsB of one who dares his fate, but rather as though he proposed to kick' tho ghost off, tho platform. To Horatio aud Murcellus lie was rough , and almost' uncouth, and to tiio gravedigger supercil ious aud contemptuous, thus weakening the force nnd siguittcn.ion of his philosophical re flections upon the : transitoriuess of ' human greatness. TTiesoliloquy, "Tobooruottobo/'was delivered without any apparent relevancy. Tho: preceding passages weic cUdcd, add the curtain suddenly rises Unclosing the Prince, who iuoon- tiueutly proceeds to cogitato . upon tho immor tality of the soul and tho possibilities of a here-. after. Ho remained iu a sitting attitude, throughout, until lie rose tooliuch the argument, and turned to salato Ophelia. Tliis rendering, we feel disposod to think, weakens the effect of tho scene. Some of tho best actors represent or have represented, it differently. Hamlet is seen moodily advnnoiug from tbo baok of the stage, with his bead bowed and hands claspod, revolving in his mind tbo awful revelation nmde' to him by hie father's ghost: and his own in ability to avenge the murder, whilo orowdiug upon bis excited nnd almost distempered irnag-' inntlon oumcs thoughts that lctid to the supreme overmastering' questions of death and the future- state. .He is so deeply engrossed that ho heeds not tho prying eyes that gazo upon his vagaries.. He throws himsolf wearily into a seat, and pro-, ceeds with tho opening lines of the soliloquy in. slow and measured eadoiice. Thou, rising its the flood of imagery increases in volume and his. mind is uplifted by .the train of thought and wrapt in a strango reverie, ho Btaudsaud re flects aloud, at times in smooth and unimpas- stoned language, and at otbors allowing himself to bocorriedawny by his phantasy. This render ing is at least dramntie, and at tiie same time natural, though perhaps conventional. Why Mr. Bentlcy departs from it is not quite ap parent The Prince's interviews with the players wero giyon in . tho notor's best stylo, but the sceue of the play and that of the Qitocn's chamber were tho very rovorso. The great draw hack of Mr. Bontloy's Hamlet is its uttor lack of sympathy. The color's voice is harsh and grat ing, emlhis inauner isuotgeniat. The unmistakable, nationality of the man serves to neutralise the illusion sought to bo convoyed. Infinite pathos may bo oommunicntcd to tho part' of Hamlet.' Weak ami vacillating, infirm of purpose, sur rounded by treacherous friends and envious - foes, he feds his utter holplessnoss, nnd at ' tirnos his. proud spirit in despair seems to vent itself in sad, though not effeminate, bemoaning ; and unless this feature ' in tbo character is properly emphasised muoh of its forco and beauty seem lost. Mi is Feasor's Ophelia was irritating; It was of tho whimpering order. A woman of such a stamp it would be impossible that Hamlot qould lovo. > Where ho yoliemontly : advisos.hor" to botnko . horself to a nunnery and' remain there, slio positively snivcllod liko a school girl ordered, to lior room for some breach of discipline. In the mad soeno her. peculiarities of stylo wore not so apparent, but she was not by any means equal to. tho task assigned lior. The gentleman who playod the ghost seemed anxious to improvo Shakspearo by introducing a little humor into tho part, and if this woro liia object ho succoctlod in a manner not to bo endured. A moro amusing ghost never visited the glimpses of tho moon. His.teapot.attitudo ' when admonishing Hamlot— that is,, with iriglit hnnd outstretched and tho left arm carefully rolled, into tho form of a cirale, thus showing the profile of that familiar domestic utonsil of which gossips aro said to bo so enamored— -was poonliar in.itijolf, while coupled with a voicothat seemed toappealfrom tliobottomof hiaboots— tho aotor's, not tho ghost's— and finally the lapse of memory manifested and.', made so glaring by tho prompter's efforts that the point could hot bo lost on ahyono in tho house, produccd a combination of faultiness whioh could not pass mjip.tor under the most favorable roviory. Homer ijjf '.pormittod . to .'nod, birt ! the per; turbed (). spirit- of Hamlet'a father . should not bo ohargeablo witht forgetting what he hnd intended to. say to his son at their first intorview. Mr. Sass made the King altogether too respectable, if ho is to bo gauged by the irriliue a uatlllimu Ul Itio tt|i|H!Uinuuv mm vmurnr ter. Mr.. Carey's Polonins was. simply negative, as was also Laertes. Mr. Emery's gravodigger was admirable, dry, .sontontious, antique, not parhnps so ontortaining ns tho voiuloring given by Mr. Croviilo and tho Into Johnny Hall, but just as offeotivo and greatly more in kooping with tho drama. During tho wook tho Silver King has boon repeated. Owing to tho curiosity that has boen aronsod by tho interesting oorres- pondenco in The Age in reference to tho visit of tho Rov. Alexander Marshall to tho Princoss's Theatre in ordor to witness tho representation, orowded houses havo bocn the rule. The season closed on Friday evening with a benefit to Mr. Bontley, who now loaves on anothor New Zea land tour. The Lost Paradiso is to bo produocd this evening. The Villago Priest lias, caught on with the publio. The Bijou has been crowded nightly, and tho enthusiasm of tho audiencos appoars to increase ratiior than diminish. Mr. Tithoradgo's Abbo is greatly admired, and deservedly so, wliilo Mr. Brough's Torqninio is a mnstorpioco of not ing in its way.' Tho excellence of tho company .< all round is mado more and more manifost nightly, so that tho management may bo con gratulated upon having accomplished a success indeed. - . Mr. Aloxnnder. Mayne,- tho popular manager of tho Bijou, is. announocd shortly to take a ' benefit at this theatre. "IVo hope jt may. prove a" bumpor, for few have cvor dosorved it hotter at the hands, not only of the publio, but of the pro fessionals generally. It is over six years since suoh a recognition has been accorded this gentle man, and proportionately to ids modosty and ' unobtrusiyeness should be the- patronage: ac corded. : , Tho Alexandra was reopened on Saturday niglit.by the members of tho.Groenwood family, who may bo fairly congratulated upon tlicir v venture.' Tho piece solected for tho occasion was My Swootheiirt,. in whioh Minnie Palmer made her fair.o and fortune, and both in the staging and noting the new management showed every desire to pleaso and satisfy tiioir patrons. Miss Maribel Greenwood has an oxeollent stage preseneo and attrnetivo stylo, and was enablod to play the part of Miss Flootor oxoollontly. Alias Agatha Greonwood took tho part of Tina, and gave a very natural and pleasing represen tation of tliia ohnrming oharaotor. Tlie inciden tal songs, danoes and business 'generally wore all above mere averago merit, and, judging from the liberal applause uooorded, tho company may olnim to havo accomplished an unequivocal sucoess. Tho Gaiety company was roinforeed on , Saturday night by Mr. Fortosane, of the Evnngelina troup. Mr. Fortesouo was assisted by Aliss Viola Fortesouo, the Sherwood Sisters, MiBs Konsloy and others, all more or less very eapablo artists. The Biokards and Cogill aombination at St. George's Hall seems to be doing good business. Tboir programme is varied and attraotive,, and the businoss generally is vastly above tho average, I The Waxworks lias been supplemented by .the figures of tho two lioroes, Cnrmody nnd Bogors, and what with tho glassblowers,' Laqey, tho humorist, and othor attractions, the museum has been a source of spooial entertainment to strangorB . and country visitors throughout the wook. . , ... I.- Mr. Bland Halt and. Iiis company are playing a month's :aoason in Brisbane, beginning ;with The Bolls ot Hnselmero. On his way. back from the Queensland oapital Air. Holt will' call at Newoautloand play four wcoks in- thattowii. The personnel of tho company is praotioaily tho same as it has" been bo long, oxcept that Miss Harrio Ireland is dividing leading' businoss with £ Aliss Edith Blando. Air. Holt's future movo- || monts are pnoertnih, , but ho ; lias definitely 1 decided to disband tho company ho has oon- H trolled so long. ' M Mr- Qcorgo Bignold has undo arrangements with Air. -Williamson for tho produotlon of Tho 13 Silver King in Sydney, and will himself appear M fi" tho firel time ns Wilfred Denvor, while Alessrs. Sass and Hans Phillips will play tholr 3 former r#cj.as Tho Spidor and Corkett respec tively, Miss Henrietta Watsou has boen specially oiigngcd ns Nollio Denver.' Mr. Big nold is expootihg his oousin, Lionel Bignold, tho woil known comedian, to . arrive shortly, am it Is Intonded that he shall make his diSbflt in his original character of Nioodomns Diokenson in The English Bose. According to the Sydnoy paporB, Air. "Walter M Raynham, wiio for many years past has 'Inked his fortunes with those., of tho Loni j!fi| don Gaiety Company, has . been induced 'to 'H "Jverold assqoiatibps, by making a' prolonged in Australia, if ' is understood 'that Air. \- 1"! Rynham has sighed ; for a year's engagement with Alessrs.- Williamson 'and Alusgrovo, moro ospeoialiy with a view to tho production of tho Christmas -pantomime at tho -new Lycoum Theatre. It is stated to bo probablo that Aliss Addic Oonyors, of tho London Gnioty Company, will bo " principal boy " in tho Christmas produo tlon with whioh Alessrs. Willinmson nnd Alus grovo aro to open tho new Lyoeum Theatre, in Sydnoy, whilo Aliss Katio Barry will he seen in tho same lino of business at tho Melbourne Princess's. I.:': . Airs. Bernard-Beero was interviewed ' al Colombo- Sho ' profossed hcrsolf doliglited with Australia, nnd remarked that whilo Mol- bourno preferred tragedy, oomodyjwns more to tlie taste of Sydnoy. As for tho climate of Australia,, that suited her. admirably,,, and ontiroly sot lior up again. Air. Stand ing modifies his ouiogios with a refbr eiico to tho filthy condition of Alolbodrno and tho offeiisivcuess of tho 'people, who, ho says, seem to havo an idea that they could re pudiate their debts, separate from tho old country, and maintain tiioir independence by means of tho small handf ul ot men whioh 'con stitute their army.: His nrtistio success in ' Mel- boinno,.ho says, was complete ; so that he was Bpcaking entirely without animus when he said it was the most tin-English plaoo ho had boen to in an English colony, and had a strong Hiber nian suggestion, coupled with a flavor of xuusvuisui, . yoining irom iur. ocanuing, wnoso lamentable breakdown is still fresh .in tho memory, of : playgoers, this .oritioism without prejudice is admirablo indeed.' 