HE WAS IN LUCK. A TALL, dignified-looking gentfeman stood j facing an unoccupied house in a, prominent West Side street the other day, closely scanning a large white sign which hung iii the front door. The house "was a. handsome modern structure, two storeys high, and had evidently been built by sorue -wealthy man for residence purposes, but was now adver tised as being "For Kent." . The tall man had just finished taking observations and jotting down the owner's address in a small notebook, and was turning to leave, when a neighbour cauie along and pleasantly remarked: " It's a. pity that a fine house like this should stand idle for such a lo-ag time." " Why, how long has it been idle f' " Weil, the last tenant moved out two years ago, and the owner can't find another who is brave enough to live in there." " What's the matter with it? Danger of collapsing?" " Oh, 110. The house is built solid enough. The great trouble is that it's haunted." "Yoft don't say I" And the tall man seemed to grow- more interested; " It's a fact. Every Wednesday and Friday, just at midnight, the people in the neighbourhood are startled hy a series of wild, blood-curdling yells ; aud immediately alter that two white figuves appear at the upper windows. I've seen them myself;" and the good man shuddered as lie thought of it. " Have you any idea whab rental the owner demands for the WioJe ho use 1" " Yes, I heard him t^ay he'd let anybody have it for live dollars y>ei.' niontili." " Five dollars a lnor.eli ! Ct rent Carsar ! but that's a bargain. Guess I'll cake it before some other fellow gets niiead v& me." "But wouldn't you be= afraid, of living in a house infested with spooks?" "Oh, I'm quite used to t'nem. I am a j spiritualist, and as I hold my seances every ! Wednesday and Fric'iiy night, those spooks ! will como in very handy. You'll excuse me, I sir, while I go and hce the owner and sign a lease for ninety-niim Tears." | And as he walked oil', he muttered to i himself. [ " Five dollars a month, and two full-fledged . ghosts to boot! Tiiis is. indeeci, a bargain." 