THE WILD WEST WIND. (DArLY NEWS.) The gale that with scanty warning burst upon us early in the week was quite in keep ing with the character of the month. October has earned itself an ill repute for rough weather. The historical great storm -the gale that overthrew the first Eddystone lighthouse, destroyed a million pounds' worth of property in London alone, and sank six British war ships at their moorings-was late on in November. lint it was in October four 'years later, that Sir "Clondosley Shovel's squadron was lost among the rocks of Suilly. The fatal gale that drove the Royal Charter ashore on the coast of Anglesea was in October, while the tem. pestuona weather of this week is almost exactly on the anniversary of the great storms of .1877 and 1881. The landscape will wear .quite a different look when these .tormy days are past. Already the trees are stripped of half their foliage. In the air there is a very rain of falling leaves. The woodland raths are strewn with the tattered draperies of' ash and elm, of beech and sycamore. Everygust that tosses the white poplar scatters new flakes of sllyer on the grase, while fiery leaves of creeper are whirled like flames across the murky asey: In the open spaces of the wood, -tholeavre dead Are driven, like ghosts from an enchanter fleeng. Overhead rattle the dismantled boughs. The great trees bend to the fury of the storm. Low the haughty forest brothers fhnd and tremblo !-how they falli How they cling on one aoother'a s Arrms !--ach crshes each and mothono 'Till, tangled strangled, down rome all; And the wild winds through the ruin Are howling, hising, and lallooing. WVith redoubled fury the tide comes roaring up the beach. Over outlying rooks thunder the great surges, and when a fiercer wave leaps high over the dark reef \- the wild winds lift it in their grasp, And hold it up, and shlike it like a fleece. The dark line of seaweed that, like the figure of some mighty serpent, follows the windings of the shore, grows with each flow ing tide. For When descends on the Atlantit The gigantio Rtom:lwind of the eaineox, Landward In hiswrrth he ecourges The tolling snurgesa Laden with neaseed from the rocks. And floating slowly in among the drifting sea wrack, or hurled up high and dry upon the shingle, broken spars, all scarred and splintered with battering on the rooks, tell all too plainly. of wrrc.se ueon the main,. Of hlIps dismarted, Ihat were hamled, And sent no answer back again. Too often; alas the obbing tide loaves yet sadder jetsam. on the shore-white, still figures, lying faoe down . upon the yellow sand; to be-lifted reverently, perhaps, but yet by strange hands, and committed with brief rites to the comrne of the ancient grave. yard round "the liltle grey church on the windy hill," where the low, green; nameless ridges are the sole memorials of lost mari ners. On these wild nights, when we lie awake and listento the storm ; when it howls about.tbo gables and shakes the windows in their frames; when, above the rihi' of the rain, we hear Paver wilder, fiercer. grader, : Like the trumpels of Iskander, *All the noisy chimneys blow; let us bestow more than .a mere passing thought.of :pity on the.thousands of poor souls who " toil for iu, bleed for us, hunger and sorrow andesin for us," :afloat upon the wild North Sea. On these nights; it my be, many a brave ship Is"driving:throtgh the blolc, impenetrable 'darkness; : dismantled, dismalted, helpless, hopeless, drifting tp.her doom. These are nights when it 1* well;tq think of the gallant lifoboat crewar thaf faca unflinchinglythe angry, waves.; -:.,' ? 4 