rp J J -p-i MYSTERY OF THE ABBEY. • • CHAPTER XCII. It is my home, but no familiar face Is here to welcome me : desolation's breath, Like the hot Simoom, bath passed over it, Marking its path by death. —HEIR OF THE SEPT. At the end of the gpcond day's journey, the carriage of Lady Mowbray, with Ellen and th9 female keepers, drove along the shady avenue of Cairow Park, acd stopped in front of the mansion, which presented a lonely, deserted appearance. The Bhuttera were all closed—no outward signs of the place being inhabited. The orphan sighed deeply, and hid her faca in her hands, to conceal the tears which, despite her resolution, would flow, when she remembered the difference between her present and former reception. There was no kind Mrs. J army to receive her—no Sir William to welcome her; a chill fell upon her heart as sh8 entered the great hall. The poor girl felt as if she had crossed the threshold of her tomb. The ayab, and two men-servants upon whom her ladyship could rely, were the only inmates of the place. The bronzed cheek of Zira became of a yet deeper hue as her bright eyes encountered the reproachful glances of her foster- child. They seemed to atk her if such was the recompense she merited for having preferred the life of her nurse to her own safety. Despite her apathy, the Indian woman was moved. " She does not know too yet!" she murmured. Whether this proceeded from any sudden feeling of repentance, or resolution she bad formed in favor of the being she bad hitherto BO cruelly persecuted, time will show. The prisoner—for such the orphan again was in the hands of her persecutors—was conducted to her chamber, at the end of tbe picture-gallery, which she had foimerly occupied. Well did she remember the first night sho took possession of it—the affectionate kindness of her murdered uccie the grateful attentions of tbe worthy old housekepper; and tbe change to l»>r present desolate state became doubly paiuful from the contrast. *« This is your chamber!" observed her aunt, in a supercilious tone; " you will not quit it till you renouuee yonr disgraceful attachment to this Henry, and yield to the wishes of your natural guardian I" '* I shall quit it before the period which you sp vainly hope for J" wm the reply, " When?" demanded the heartless woman. " When I am taken forth to be laid in the siroe vault with him whose arm is now powerless to protect me!" answered Ellen. " If the spirits of the dead are permitted to •watch over those they love while living, I feel assured that my uncle is at this moment grieving over my injuries] There is •strength and even eoiisolaUGD," she added, in the conviction !" " Perhaps," said Lady Mowbray, " you znay find yourself removed to a worse place should you continue obstinately blind to jour own good." Her nieco looked as if she felt that no ylace could be worse than her present prison—no guardian more hateful to her than her unreeling relative. "The mad- house!" continued the spoaker. " I am not mad !" exclaimed tho orphan, mournfully ; " or if I am, the cruelties you «nd my guardian hive inflicted upon me have made meBO ! Your persecutions may make the yrava my only refuge; not even you can deprive me of that—it is a sad, but sure one. Aunr," she add.;d, . willing to make a last appeal to the womanly nature of her ladyship, " l;ow have I •wronged you, that you shou!d bring the light of my young days to darkness so profouad no ray of hope can penetrate it ? You have a child—one whom doubtless you love. What would you feel to sec her thus oppressed and trampled oa—tortured till reason is almost shaken from its throne 1 Mercy—mercy V " You know the price at which tny affection will return to you," Baid tho cold, artful won*an. "And at that price," exclaimed Ellen, proudly, " I would scorn h ! Wtak and friendless as I auj, I would not br.ak t-hn •word 1 had given to the meanest of Gjd's creatures—much less to the noble, geui-rous being whom it is my pride to love t r Ey •what right," warming with indignation, " do you presume, nndanie, to exercise euch an authority over me ?" You are neither of my blood nor kindred ! My very soul revolts at euch barefaced oppression !" " Insolent!" said her ladyship. " Insolent!"repeated her victim ; "impossible ! since language has no words sufficiently strong to characterise your baseness!" " The authority of the Chancellor!" " He has been imposed upon !" " The opinion of the physicians !" " They have been bribed or deceived ! The very means you have taken to obtain possession of my person—the precautions to secrete me here—prove that you are aware of the infamy of your purpose ; but it will be baffled yet! The hand of Heaven will rend the mask of seeming virtue from your, treacherous vis»ge, and expose you to the contempt and scorn of the world—a degraded thing, who meanly descended, for a hireling's pay, to pander to the passions of a villain !" " Ellen !" " A murderer!" added the almost frantic girl. " Yes, in the sight of Heaven, I accuse you of the murder of my uncle; end you, madam, in heart, if not in act, as his accomplice!" The countenance of Lady Mowbray turned deadly pale, and her features absolutely became distorted with rage, to find herself thus braved by one whom she regarded as a mere child. The evil passions of her vindictive nature were roused—her pride was enlisted ia the contest; and she mr-ntaliy vowed that no human power should prevent the accomplishment of Ellen's union with Meeran Hafaz; so bitterly at that moment did she feel towards the pers cuted girl, that she absolutely raised her hand to strike her. At the eight of the outrage offered to her ^foster-child, the hitherto impassible Zira interfered ; her capricious disposition could lead her to plot against the happiness of her charge herself—even to destroy it— but it revolted against permitting violence from another. " Back I" she exclaimed, calmly, but resolutely; "the child I nurtured at my bosom is not a slave! Do not fear, JSUen!" she added, in a voice slightly broken by emotion; " I am here to protect you; this degraded woman shall not harm jua whilst I have life 1" " Degraded!" repeated ber ladyship, •with mortification and rage; " such words from the servant of Meeran Hafaz 1" "We are both bis servants!" observed the ayah; "since ho pajs us both! My wages consist of kind words and looks—of the confidence he reposes ia and the happiness I fssl in serving him—me he respects ! Your wages are the gold which prodigal hand b^i heBped upon you— the gems which glitter on yout withered neck! Trust me, out master knows the value of euch service—he recompenses it and despises you!" "Turn that woman from the house!" exclaimed Lidy Mowbray, transported beyond all self-command by the bitter taunts of the speaker. The two female keepers advanced to execute the order they had received ; but, although accustomed to have violent "contests with their pitir-nis, and stroDg of limb and courage, they were like infants in the grasp of the resolute Zara, who dashed them from her as coolly and unconcerned as a tigress might be supposed at freeing herself from the attack of a couple of wolves. " She is no woman !'' observed one. Her grip is of iron 1" added the other keeper, rubbing ber shoulder, where the ayah bad placed her hand. " No matter 1" said their employer; " call up the footmen 1 Either this insolent creature quits the abbey, or I do I" " You may do as you please !" answered Zara, with a glance of contempt; " I shall remain! Like most weak miuds, anger hath made you mad ! Suppose for an instant that you could succeed in removing me from my foster-child—I should but have to go to llie village, and declare that the wife of Colonel Mowbray bad the niece of their late master a prisoner in tho abbey—that she had sold her like a bale of merchandise to Meeran Hafaz ; more than a hundred arms would be enlisted in her cause; they would drive you like a leptr fcoai the place, aud rescue her! Bat why do I waste words ?" she added, with the cossciousnecs of one perfectly aware that her power w; s unassailable. " Till the future husband of MUs D> Vera arrives, I am her guardian! Neithw you nor the female fuvU'S iu your service shal c-xercise the ieast control over her !'' With looks of disappointment and anger, Lady Mowbray and the keepers left the room. No sooner were they gonp, than Ellen approached the 8yah. " I cannot thank you," she said ; " and yet I feel grateful for the protection you have afforded me ! O Zira ! why not continue to pursue the path of penitence and virtue ? Save me from Meeran and his destroying love. Save me, and the patt shall be remembered only as a hideous dream 1 Save me, and I will bless you !" The Indian woman seated herself, without a word, upon the pile of cushions which we have previously described as part of the furniture of the chamber. " Will act pity—will not love for the child you nurtured," cont inued the fair suppliant, " move you ? Will not her returning affection compensate you for the frown of Meeran—to say nothing of the approval of your own hpart ?" " Leave me 1" muTmured Zara, hoarsely. " The Indian woman has given her word. She would die rather than break it." With a sigh of disappointment, and a look of pity and regret such as an angel might have cast upon the nature it had failed to move, Ellen retired to the window, apparently to gaze upon the park, but in reality to hide her tears. "Heaven help me!" she mentally «jiculated; " my last hope IB gone!" The. prisoner arid ber gaoler spoke no more that night. The stone was loosened —not removed. At an early hour the following morning the domestic^ assembled with terrified looks in the servants' hall. Each had a tale to tell of the extraordinary manner in which they had been disturbed daring the night. It seems that, alarmed by the heavy tread of a footstep in the long, gloomy corridor into which their chambers opened, thoy had ventured to peep out, and beheld a wild, fantastic-looking person, whose head was crowned with a wreath of leaves and flowers, pacing up and down the passage. The footman—the same who had been 60 insolent to Joe Beans—declared that the ghost—for fiuch he persisted in called itkept muttering something about blood ; he distinctly heard the word. The account of tho two keepers was even more shocking; the mysterious visitant bad obtained access to their bedroom— although they had, as they declared, doubly locked the door—and made repeated signs lo induce them to follow him ; they oven hinted at their intention of quitting the place—ft waa too tnucii fcr their nerves. Nerves! and yet, in tha exercise of their heartless vocation, thoy had Hseistad and boon instruments in ecenea which might have mado strong men weep. "For tclj part, Tummas" observed the' aristocratic footman, "although I have a very great reepect for my lady—who knows how to 'predate a confidential servant—I eball start!" His companion remained silent; perhaps he thought more of the promised reward, bray's chamber rang violently-—^^bv'the ( Th?re was a hesitation murdered baronet, in. re ' as io who should "answer it. j " It is not my place,"' observed Thomas, j " £Tor mine!" exclaimed his c >mpanion, conceitedly, "My lady should have brought her own woman with her. I am a young man, and the colonel is remarkably jealous; it would not b<j prudent I These lad if s," he added, " had better go l" The signal was repeated yet more vehemently than br-for<\ " Lord .bless us!" said one of the female keepers, "perhaps the black lady ia a strangling on her!" " She is vicious enough!" chimed in the other. . This suggestion, which was considered as more than probable, deci led them. All four of the speakers rushed in a body to the door cf her ladyship's apartment— no one would go clone. Just as "they reached the corridor, the bell rang again. Barbara Botch, the elder of the two females, with a courage borrowed, most probably from her morning draught, tapped at the door. " Come in !" exclaimed a voice. " I can't, my lady," replied tbo woman, shaking the lock; " the night-bolt is down." A noise was heard like the drawing of the bolt, and the two keepers entered the room. They found Lidy Mowbray in a stato of great excitement sitting up in her bed, her ft-atures ghastly pale, and her eyes glancing wildly round the room. " Search the room I" said their employer, faintlv ; " there is Eome one concealed in it!" " The women did as they wero directed— not a closet was left unexplored ; no one was to bo seen. Tbey looked at each other in silence. The windows were fastened, and to all appearance there was no other entrance than the one by which they came in. " There is no one here," observed Barbara Botch. " Has your ladyship seen him ?" "Seen who?" " An old man, who looks as if he had just risen from the grave—his features are so pale and death-like—wish flowers and leaves about his head. He has nearly frightened the servants out of their wits! I am sure the house is haunted !" " Haunted l" repeated the lady; " ridiculous ! Some such person as you have described certainly did gain admittance to my room, and stood moaning at the foot of my led—even had the insolence to touch the clotheB, as if to awaken me, and motion me to follow him ; but X am certain the fellow was human !*' The two keepers shook their beads incredulously. " How could he get in, my lady ?" demanded Barbara. " Or out added her companion. " The night-bolt was down when we knocked, and the •windows are fastened still!" This was exactly what Lady Mowbray wished to know, and was determined, if possible, to discover. Hastily throwing on a loose wrapper, she sprang from the bod, and searched every part of llie room. Not content with examining the closets, she sounded the walls, by tapping against them. To all appearance they were solid. "This is inexplicable!" she murmured, with an air of vexation. The women looked as if they considered it awful. " I shall change my room !" added her ladyship, after a few moments' reflection. Her hearers thought that it would be of little U6e; they related, in turn, how they had been terrified during the night by a similar apparition, and concluded by expressing a desire to leave tbo abbey. It required all the reasoning of their employer, backcd by promises of increased recompense, to induce them to. remain. Under pretence of assisting her to dress, Lady Mowbray—upon whom the adventuro had made a deeper impression than she chose to admit—kept them in the room till she was ready to descend. Secretly she prayed for the arrival of her husband and Meeran Hafsz—for r.no-her such a night, the felt ftmred, would leave her alone iu the mansion with l.h«? syah—whoai sue already doubted—and Ellen. Jjfcr directions, the doors wore kept caiefull^ locked, Jfot a window 1 was per- i ( mitted to be opened—that if »ny of the, inhabitants of the village chanced to pass through the park, they might not perceive the house was inhabited. The precaution was an unnecessary one—for, since the murder of the lamented Sir William, few eleoping* by" the sad complexion of her thoughts, had been equally Wed by a visitation. The same figure had appeared at the foot of her bed, moaned, and invited her to follow him. At first she deemed that her imagination was playing her one* of those fantastic tricks with which ib sometimes bewilders waking reason ; it was not till the phantom, or whatever it was, had disappeared, that she fancied she could trace in it a resemblance to old Martin. Bitterly did she then reproach herself that she had not obeyed its mote invitationit might have led her to liberty. To her astonishment—the ayah, whose sleep was generally so light that a breath would break it—had not onoe stirred; a spell seemed to be upon her. By the light of the moon, wbicb partially illumined the old panelled chamber, the orphan noticed something glittering upon the ground, at the foot of the pile of cushions upon which her faithless nurse was reposing. She recognised the long, keen knife which Zara, like most of her countrywoman, invariably wore; to Bteai from her bed and secure it, was the thought and act of an instant. No sooner was the orphan in possession of the weapon, than a fearful calm—a repose like that of death—fell upon her spirits. She felt that she was mistress of herself and destiny. It seemed as if it were no longer in the power of her enemies to make her false to her plighted faith; even the idea of Meeran Hakz became leas terrible. Cirrfully enfolding. the instrument in h-r handkerchief, she placed it next h<;r heart—resolved that it should become its sheath, rather than another head than Hanry Ashton'a should e'er be pillowed near it. A sad charge had come over the inhabitants of the Home F»rm. Matthew Ashton still drove his team and sowed bis fields. The world went prosperously with him; but his heart was heavy—he missed our absent hero. It seemed as if he had no longer an ofcjpct to toil for. As for his dame, she was even more changed ihan her husband. Her temper bad become sour, fretful, and peevish. Her dairy, once a model for the wives of the neighboring farmers, was negtected, her butter no longer quoted as the best in the.market. " What's the U6e of working," she used to observe, " when we are so' near the grave ? Harry's footstep?," she added, "will never follow as to it I" This speech was generally addressed to her husband, on which occasion the old man would only smske tbe faster. On the morning after the scene of confusion we have described had taken place at Carrow Abbey, tbe aged couple were seated in the little parlor,' at breakfast, when one of the servants entered to inform his master that the sexton of the parish wished to see him. " The sexton 1" exclaimed the dame, sharply; " and what can he want with farmer ? There be no one dead here I Send him away." Her husband thought differently, and directed tbe eccentric old fellow to be admitted. His curiosity was roused5 there was something strange in Chettleborough calling upon any one. In fact, it was a rare thing to encounter him out of the precincts of the churchyard; he did not seem at homo anywhere else. He was much better acquainted with the gravestones than his' living neighbors, and probably liked them better. As the tall, gaunt figure of the earthdel ver stalked into the room, Mrs. Ashton thought she had never seen a more illfavored visitor. , I have come to you, farmer," he said, " because I don't feel quite easy in mv mind!" " Hadn't you better go to the doctor replied the dame. " That is not what he mefens," observed her husband, who understood the speaker's manner better than his wife., " Something has occurred to unsettle him." " He looks as ugly," thought the old woman, " as if he bad seen a ghost; not but what he ought to bs used to them by tins time!" Our readers will recollect that ho lived is a coracr of the churchyard. '' "What has occurred, Master Sexton 1" demanded the farmer; " something respecU iog poor old Maitin | His visitor nodded in the affirmative. " Speak oat, man!" " Can't!" " Whyl" Chettleborongh most ungallantly pointed to the lady. " Never speak before women !" be said. Oar female readers, we feel certain, will admit that this was more than sufficient to try the patience and temper of tbe most amiable of their sex; not that Mrs. Ashton was precisely the woman most entitled to that appellation—for she mattered something in which the word " bear " was distinctly audible. _ The farmer took his hat and invited his visitor to follow him to the little garden in front of the bouse. As soon aB they were standing under the mulberry-tree, beneath which was a well-filled row of bee- hives, Chettleborough stopped. "Sir William be dead," he said; "par- Bon is away—Master Harry and Joe Beans gone, the Lord knows where; so I come to yon, as the next sensible person in the parish, to tell you that there be strangers in the abbey!" " Pooh, pooh!" exclaimed Matthew Ashton. " Old Marlin has seen them I" " How shonid he get in ?" " He knows more ways than any living thing to enter the house," replied the sexton. " I have several times missed him, but I made my mind easy, for I knew where he was. He returned this morning, after a long, r absence than usual, and has been raving ever since about Miss Ellen and a black woman ; rely upon it, farmer, I am right—there be some unlawful doings at the Hall r " It shall be seen to," said the utcle of our hero, after a moment's reflection. " If Miss Ellen be at the Hall, villainy is at work—it shall be seen to !" : CHAPTER^XCIIR. A habitation fragile and unsure llaih he that buildeth on tbe vulgar mind. The wurrener devoted the greatm portion of the night which followed the visit of the wily agent of Meeran Htfaz, to sa • ing through a portion of the massive lcr of .his cell/ The" bar shot into tho soliil granite, and consequently ould only be tampered with when fastened. The sbarpbiting edge of the spring saws .slowly but surely cut through -the well-tempered bar. Daylight dawned as he. bad about halfiiuisbed his operation. Although there was slight chance of detection;—for thq bolt.once drawn back, no indications rf tbe attempt . coald be perceived—the prisoner thought it moBt prudent to remain, under .pretence of indisposition, all day in his eel), so as not to give a chance away. u One night more," he muttered, as, tired with his eQons, he threw himsell Upon his narrow pallet, " and I shall be free! I have often, in my .youth," he added, " dreamed of other lands, but never thought to lay my bones in them! No matter—with gold I can live as merrily in India as in England I" The door of the corridor in which the cell of the speaker was situated. opened into the day-yard; it was regnlarly locked every night after • the turnkeys had taken their round -; this, however, did* not pre sent any serious difficulty to the plan of his escape—for directly over it was a grated Bperture, for the double purpose of ventila tion and light, quite large enough to admit of a much stouter man than himself passr ing through—that is, provided the iron bars were, removed. Sideler calculated that he could saw them in about two hours. Although considerably fatigued, the tuffian was too much excited to Bleep, but lay upon his back, mentally measuring the chances and difficulties of his position, Suddenly he'recollected a danger which he had not previously calculated ; the door of his dungeon grated heavily upon its hinges every time it was either opened or shut, and his fellow-prisoners would be certain to heir him, even if ho succeeded in cutting through the lock, and : might raise sufficient outcry to cause an alarm. " I must have oil," he thought, " to oil them !" The difficulty waB, how to procure it. A copious breakfast, which remained untasted, was placed upon the little deal table, •close, to the window of the' cell. The "warrener s'at near it/with his arms folded, lost in profound; meditation-; his usually voracious appetite had deserted him—thick coming fancies ^crowded upon bia mind; the attempt, to escape might fail, in which case what remained? The mob, "with their .epger, curious faces turned towards him— l boir yells, perchance—tho grip oF tbe hangniau—-tbe death gtpuggle-rfmd after death !—he shuddered as he thought of that. So painful had his reverie become, that he felt considerably relieved when old Mike, with his stealthy, cat-like step, came gliding into the dungeon. Any society was preferable to his own reflections. The old man cast a greedy look npon the table. " Perhaps I intrude?" he said. " Njt in the least," replied the prisoner, forcing a smile, " on the contrary, the sight of a human face is welcome." Mike gave one of those peculiar smiles; perhaps he thought to how few the Bight of his face was welcome. ^ " One of the keepers told me," he continued, " that you were ill, so I thought I would drop in in a friendly way." " III!" repeated Sideler, passing bis hand over his bloodshot eyes; " I should think I am ill—and enough to make me ! The air of this accursed plac* is thick and heavy—I can't breathe her*! I feel the slow throbbing of my pulse—can almost hear the beating of my heart! I pine for the free air and green fields—they nevor appeared such luxuries as since I have been deprived of them !" The old man nodded his head, as if to intimate that he perfectly comprehended the feeling. " Besides," continued the speaker, " when I try to eat, I have a choking sensation in my throat I" "That's because you eat alone," observed Mike, from tim9 to time cisting a kuugry look towards the brrakfast table. " When I first camo here I felt as you do —cared little or nothing for food; but I soon got over it—my appetite returned, and now I am so usrd to the place that I should regret to change it for the green fields you talk of; the 6Jght of trees and flowers always sets rae thinking !" Tho warrener to«.k the hint, and invited the speaker to share his meal with him. Mike needed no sec>nd invitation, but, s'ating hioisdf at the table, commenced an attack upon the food with the earnestness of a man sharp set, and conscientiously bent on doiug j a-tjce to the good things Wore him. Chop after chop disappeared, t \ tho envy and admiration ' ot' Will S tloler, •It strikes ms, my friend," he observed to his visitor, who threv himse'f hack in his chair with a sigh of r/ pIoMon, after making a meal which a plou 0 'hm»B might have been proud of, " that you do not often come across a good breakfast 1" . *' S'ldptn, exwpt nn hanging mornings!" was the reply ; " arid that is generally once a week!" " Hanging mornings !" repeated the prisoner—a very unpleasant eurp-'cion crossing his mind. " Why on that morning more than any o*her ?"' " I'll tell you!" said the old man, in 4 confidential tone. lie moved his chair, in a friendly tfray, nearer to'tbe warrener, who dre w bick the stool upon which he was seate i, with an invo'uutary shudder. " You know that I am generally present on sucb occasions 9"' " I have heard so !" drily answered the prisoner. "Well, then," continued the narrator, " as soon as the chaplain has given the signal, and the executioner ha3 drawn the bolt, the sheriffs and their friends hurry off to the governor's room to breakfast. Such a scramble and such a spread—fowls, tongue, beef! Talk of my appetite—you should see them 1 To be sure, they aro obliged to be up early, in order to get through the mob to the prison, and that, I pappose, gives them an extra whet! Enough, however, remains for the turnkeys and—you know who I meau ?" "No, I don't!" " The hangman 1" added Mike. " They are a good-natured set of fellows, and generally invite me to pick a bit with them." "What!" exclaimed Sideler, with disgust ; " do they all sit at tbe same table with such a wretch ?" Mike regarded him very much like a man whoso feelings were deeply wounded. Perhaps he was a friend of the muchabused functionary of whom they bad been speaking; or his long residence in Newgate had upset his previously-conceived ideas. "And why not?" ho said. "I. can assure you that he is considered a very respectable person." " I never saw one," observed the warrener, with a sickly look ; for, like most rustics, be had a most unphilosophicstl idea of tho dignity of tho office in question. " That, may account for your prejudice," skill (li? ol4 man, with a forgiving smile—. which had, however, something sinister in it. "What is his name?" demanded the prisoner. " Mat Cowls." " And his age?" His visitor seemed to reflect for a few moments before answering. " I can't exactly say," he replied. "It's rather difficult to gui-ss his age; but I should think he is not much under fifty." Sideler noticed with satisfaction that the speaker was nearer seventy. " He is a thin, wiry man," continued Mike, " with black hair and very bushy whiskers, and when dressed in bis best suit of black and a white neckerchief, looks almost as well as the parson. In fact, when Potts, the city grocer, was sheriff, he took him for one, and chattered with him very pleasantly uutil he found out his mistake—which I don't think he ever forgave." "I should think not!" observed his listener. " Did you ever hear how Mat came to be made hangman ?" inquired Mike. " Never!" " Well, then, I'll tell you," resumed the visitor; " for somehow I begin to feel quite a liking for you !" The prisoner—whose suspicions of the speaker, whatever their nature, were entirely removed—extended his hand, which Mike shook most cordially. " Thank you !" said the warrener. " I hope we shall become better acquainted." " Not unlikely 1" replied Mike ; and the warrener again noticed that peculiar smile which had previously annoyed him. (To be continued ) 