"IN DIRE NEED." Br INA LEON CASSILIS, Author of "The Gray Woman," "The Strange Event at Atherton," "Count Ivan Dmitri," "Between Midnight and Dawn," "The Third Passenger by the Night Mail," &C-;, &c.; CHAPTER I; FABTE5 "So, that fl to be the end of it, Rena ?? "Yes. You might have known before this that I WAS not likely to put up with a divided empire." Thev were standing together under the trees of the old wood, through which they had often strayed hand in band; the man "passion pale," yet his hand- Bime features stern and haugkty; the girl as proud as he—a beautiful creature, for whom a man might easily break his heart. It was an eld story; she unduly jealous, too young to be merciful and make allowances. He, of too haughty and imperious a temper to defend himself when met with hasty and unjust reproaches, too deeply woundsd to make allowances for the youth and inexperience of his betrothed, or to take nto account that the very uncertainty ef her position prompted to jealousy. For Ernald Euston had wooed and won Hen a Gray in secret. He was of ancient family, and high social position, and he must marry, or give dire offence to his mother, to whom he was devoted,and who was old and infirm. But he had fivfd his passionate heart on the daughter of a poor half-pay officer. True, flie was of gentle birth, and beautiful; but certainly not of his "set"; so for the present, at any rate," their betrothal must be a secret. Hut Km a was proud, and inclined to be jealous. Her lover could go up to London and mix with the world from which she was shut out and, being ap- unfettered, lie was free to flirt with whom he would, and perhaps desert her altogether. Some exaggerated reports of what were in truth only ball-room Oirtations had readied Bona from seemingly trustworthy sources. An unavoidably prolonged absenco was believed to be deliberate, and the girl met her lover with reproaches and accusations; even implied, in her an^er, that his word of denial would hardly be sufficient proof of his innocence. His haughty temper was at once on fire; he was cruelly wounded, too, and that.made him the more unbending. His answer was a r«>ru=al to exculpate himself in any way; if Rena could not trust in his love there was nothing more to be said. So Rcna said: "If you will not defend yourself it is because you cannot. In that case we had better part." Perhaps Euston had hardly expected that she would carry things so far as this; he was accustomed to have his own way, and be deferred to: he was imperious and somewhat exacting; but he could not imagine that this tender, clinging girl would actually throw him over. He did not believe that she meant what she said. I'.esides, his passion for her was so absorbing that she »«i?><, in her heart, hr.ve faith in him. It staggered him that she should seem so ready to break the tie between them. But Itena's pride was good for any amount of folly just now, and though a few words from her lover would have brought her to her s n^cs, thnse words he would not utter. lie answered her last speech in a quiet, constrained wav. "Very well. Then we part'r 1 hope, if you should honour any other man with your love, Rena, you will liave a little more faith in him than you have in me. Good-bye." He did not offer his hand; but lifted his hat and turned away, leaving Rena standing there, haughty, erect, still quivering inwardly with her wild resentment, yet with a dazed, stunned feeling creeping over her—the sense of having flung her life away, and Icing alone in a world that was henceforth •nly illimitable blanks of misery! CHAPTER THE BREAM This was not early June, nor the •wood where Emald Euston and Rena Gray had so often kept tryst. It was Christmas time in the north country, many a mile from Rena's southern home. The snow lay on the ground and whitened all the trees about Dunmore Grange, but within were big fires and bripht faces and merry voices. Mr. Grantley's pretty daughter Lottie had been a school friend of Kena's, and asked her to spend Christmas with them. "We are not a large party," she wrote, "but a very nicc one, an<J yoa are a host in yourself. Do come !" Rena did not feel much of "a host in herself " now. She was drinking deep of the cup of affliction, for within a week of breaking off her engagement she would have piven all her future life to re- ff call Iier lover; but pride, and a sense of shame, forbade. Ernald had sent back her letters without a line, and she had returned him-the betrothal ring and other gifts, and his letters. He had accepted the fiat; he would not return if she made the amtndt, and sometimes the bitter thought crossed her that he was glad to regain his freedom; and yet she would never forget the anguish in his dark eyes when lie said, '"So, that is to be the end of it, Rena." She heard of him now and then during those dreary six months, but he made no effort to see her. It was clear that all was over; all the love and worship went for nothing; it would not save these two, who loved each other as passionately as ever, from making shipwreck of their lives. At first Rcna was inclined to refuse the invitation, but her father and aunt wished her to go; there was no valid reason for not doing so, and, after all, it would be some distraction,though she would have to seem happy when her heart was breaking. There were ten altogether in the house-party, including Mr. and Mrs. Grantley, Lottie, and her brother Fred, the guests numbering six; and the young people were all gathered together round the library fire the evening before Christmas Eve, talking, and telling stories, more or less supernatural. "I don't believe in ghosts and dreams," said Fred Grantley, "it's all bosh !" » "It isn't!" cried Lottie. "What do you say to that story of the man who dreamt that he was to go to tie assizes—you know the one I mean !" "Chestnut ! " cried a school chum of Fred's. "I Bay, Rena—what do you say ? " "I believe in some dreams and presentiments,™ aaid sha. "Do foa ? Have you ever had any P" "No; but I have heard of cases the truth of which I cannot doubt!" "Hm!" said Marie Winter, a young woman of much "common-sense." "Do you mean that if you had one of those vivid dreams that are the regulation thing you'd obey it ? " "Yes," returned Rena at once. "But it must come three tim<«l • cried Fred. "That isn't necessary. Ever «tfng depends on the impression the dream leaves on your mind. I have dreamed the mos: vlvjrt dreams that yet left upon me no impression a purpose." "But," said Lottie, "suppose you dreamed yon must go to such and such a place—would you go, without the least idea of why you were to go ? " "Certainly I should," said Rena, who had the courage of her convictions, "that is, if the dream gave me that strong feeling of compulsion." "I call that superstition," said Marie. "It's too occult for me," added Fred's schoolmate, Tom Laseby. "Give U6 another chestnut, Fred." "I'd like to liaTe you put to the proof," said another of the part}', addressing Rena. "I expect If the dream told you to run some danger,your ' conviction ' would give way;" Rena only smiled, and turned her large eyes to the fire. She did not care to explain before a thoughtless, laughing group that she believed such " messages'' were divinely sent, and no harm could possibly come to anyone obeying them, whatever the apparent peril. Lottie, who saw that her friend was unwilling to be ''baited " on the subject in hand, and was herself far from sceptical, broke in here with a suggestion that they should quit " bogey " talk, and play games and the cue was taken up with avidity. But when Rena went to bed that night she lay for a longtime Etaring at the fire, and with her thoughts of Ernald Euston—who was never for an instant absent from (hem—were blended tpemorica of the talk that evening about presentiments ana dreans, ana 6lie fell aMor-p at'lgst with a .curious sense of lEmaio'8 arm oemg about her, and his kirs on fed lips: tliat was nothing new, only to-night it was Etronger than it had ever been before. When ete appeared at breakfast the next morning, they all said that she looked very white. "Did you see a ghost last night ?" asked Fred, "or dream a prophetic dream ? " Bena laughed, and only said she "was always pale," she had not seen any ghost. But after breakfast she excused herself for the present from the decorating party, as she had some letters te write. As she passed Lottie, she said quick and low: "Will you come up to me for a minute o» two?" Lottie nodded, and went on with her work ; but presently she threw down her bunches of holly, and ran up to Rena's room. The face which the latter turned to her startled Lottie. Rena's eye* seemed to burn; her cheeks were deadly pale : but there was a look of settled resolve on the whole face—the look of a person who has made up her mind to something, and will go through fire to attain her end. Lottie came forward quickly. "Rena," she said, "what is the matter ?" "Promise me first," answered Rena, "to keep secret what I am going to ask and tell you. I know of old that you will keep your word, and that yon are secret if you choose to be." "I promise," said Lottie, intensely curious, but apprehensive too. "Thanks. Then, Lottie,—where is «the Old Mill Road to Travis.?" Lottie stared. "What an odd question," she said. "It's the road that takes you to Travis, a village about three miloc fw™ When yo-J get outside the Grange gates you turn to your right; the first on ycur left is the Old Mill Road; it. goes sharp down hill for about a mile, into quite a hollow,and then up hill, and near the top of the hill is an ol* disused mill, a little way back from the road." . "Is there any other road to Travis ?" "Yes, a shorter and better road. Travis is nearly four miles by the Old Mill Road, only three by the other one." A perplexed look came over Rena's face. She pressed her hand to her forehead. "Strange!" she muttered; then she caught Lottie's hand and drew her to a chair. "Sit down," she said, "I want to tell you something." Lottie obeyed, wondering. Rena, seating herself on the fender stool, clasped her hands together, and went on, v.itli a kind of suppressed excitement in "..^r voice and manner. "Lottie, don't laugh at me; no, I am cure you will not. You remember our talk last night ? Well, it was running in my head when I went up to my room, and while I lay awake, and it may have had something to do with what followed; but still it does not really account for it. I dreamt that I was in the library, sitting alone by the fire, when you came in and gave me a letter. There was no address on-the envelope, but I knew that the lette/ v.-as for me. You vanished at once. I opened the letter, but the writing was strange to me. I read these words: ' You are sent for by one in dire need. Go by the Old INI ill Road to Travis at four o'clock on Christmas Eve. and go alone." I woke up T jrith a start, it was broad dawn, and I was all quivering." . "But Rena," exclaimed Lottie, amazed, "you an't mean " "I mean," said Rena firmly, "that I am going that road. Stay! You remember what I said last night, it was not a boast; I could not disobey that message. You see the test has come, and I am ready to meet it. The dream sounds nothing in the telling, it may seem nonsense. I don't know a soul in these parts escjpt your people; there can be no one in Travis wanting me, aad if there were, it would appear the most natural thing to take the quickest route; but 1 have just that overmastering conviction of which I spoke, that I must go by that road this evening, and go alone." "Rena—no—no! you mustn't indeed!" cried Lottie. "It will be nearly dark, and what's to become of you at Travis, if ever you get there ? It's nothing but the influence of cur talk; you were excited—you are still." But Rena interrupted. "If you talked for an hour, Lottie dear, I should go all the same You don't know how I feel. It is not my will, but a power within n:e that is ruling me. I have no fear, though the road is lonely, and it will be dark; nt> harm can possibly ccme to me. The message come*, to me from Heaven, and I must obey it. You ha?e promised to keep my secret." Yet still Lottie tried to dissuade her friend; in ten; and something of Rena's absolute conviction forced itself upon her companion. Rena regarded „_sr dream as Heaven sent; it was like "mes voix" wlv.ch guided Jeanne d'Arc, and perhaps after all ifie was right in believing that no harm could iiappen to her. Once or twice during the day Lottie asked her Jriend if her impression remained unshaken, and Rena's answer was always the same. After luncheon someone proposed a walk, but the elders objected, on the ground that the sky looked very snowy. Lottie looked at Rena, but the latter did not change countenance. She went away to her own room about half-past three, and Lottie followed her, and made one last effort to persuade her against this mad project. But Rena was resolute. "I am safe," she said, "and mind, no one mv>r"t follow me! I am to go alone." Lottie cried, and embraced and kissed the girl. "If anything happens to you," she said, "I shall never forgive myself." "Nothing will happen, Lottie ; and if it did there could be no blame to you." Almost on the stroke of four, Rena left the Grange. She wore a short fur- trimmed coat, and a close fur cap. The air was very cold, but her blood was at fever heat. She went out fearlessly into the gloom and turned up the long white road. CHAPTER m. THE FULFILMENT. Just as Rena gained the Old Mill Road the snow began to fall. The wind, which had been rising during the afternoon, was now blowing freshly, and whirling the snowflakes about, but Rena, though for a moment her heart quailed, pushed on bravely, she iwver dreamed of turning back. The snow fell faster and thicker, and as she struggled forward, feaW-blinded sometimes by the snow, Rena began to feel something like despair, and yet her conviction remained unshaken. But to reach Travis in this snowstorm would be impossible. If she could only get as far as the Old Mill she might be able to find shelter. Had she passed it ? , She had got tlirough the valley, and was commencing the ascent, when suddenly she paused. She fancied she saw a tall man's figure. Yea, there teas someone! And suddenly the figure turned and came towards her. "Don't be afraid of me," said a clear, rich-toned Voice, "I will do yon no harm!" For a second Rena's heart actually ceased to beat. Then she stretched out her hands with a half sob. j "Ernald!" she said. Her hands were caught in Euston's warm clasp. "Great Heaven!" he said hoarsely, "you—Rena— out here alone ? " Then, not waiting for an answer, he added instantly, "Come with me—the Old Mill is close here—it will shelter us both." He put his arm round her, and half carried her across the road, through a little bit of field, and Rena could discern the rugged outline of the Old Mill. ^"hatever he felt, however madly his heart was beating, he seemed able, even under these circumstances, to master himself; he had not uttered a single word of endearment; he held the girl n6 closer than he was obliged to do; she felt that he was implacable; there even flashed across her the thought whether he was married; she had not heard of it, but it might be. How he came to be here she did not think to question. Euston went up the little steps that led to the door of the Mill, which stood half open, and yielded to the touch. They could discern that they were in a small room, destitute apparently of all furniture, and with a little square window guiltless of glass; but it was shelter at any rate from the pitiless Snow, and Euston closed the door. "I wish 1 had a light," he said. "I have nothing but some matches. I'll light one in a minute and look round a bit." He shook the snow from biz Ulster, and taking out a handkerchief flicked the jKtow from her coat; while -<>ok off her cap and ok it, and drew off her gloves, which wer® auitet. ' "Avou* cold?" Ernald asked then ; "are your feet*?" "N am-not cold; my feet are dry, thanks. right. *^Cow tell me what brought you out at at this time in the country ? I heard you were fing at the Grange—I am with some friends near "lis. Have you lost your way ? " "No said Rena, trembling inwardly yet, glad ia way—for it gave her more assurance that*y could only see each other's faces as dim white irks. "I was going to Travis." "Goiito Travis—at this time of the evening—in such w<her—alone! are you mad ? " "No.* " Are iiur friends at the Grange mad to let you go tie? By Heaven " He stopped, setting his teeth then be added more gently: "Why did you do iiRena t 9 "Therlas semfone there—who "wanted me'."the girl faltel. She would not tell him of her dream; he. flung \r back on herself, he seemed so hard and stern; anhow was the dream being fulfilled ? But her expiation was hardly satisfactory. "I don*lmderstand it," Euston said. "If yott had Jxr^Oy^Travis it was preposterous for your friends to\t vou go alone; and-they must have known thathis is the longest way. It is lucky for you I happed to be strolling out by this road." He did n. say that his object was just to see the place whenRena was; -scant comfort for his hearthunger, butit leas; something. "I was maing f'r the Mill," said Rena, feeling more cbillectn .lif.irt than in b-->dy. "You woii probably have passed it. There will be no gettir away to-night from here. I am very, very sc>ri> f- you, child." "It doesn" matter," *aid the girl quietly. "It does—fa- you. I have nothing with me; not even a flask < brandy; but there may be something for you to sitipon He Jighted . series of niatclie3, and inspected the place. Tber. was little enough to inspect, but under the wiriow there was a low bench. Euston dusted it witfchis handkerchief, and dragging it to the side fartlut from the window, placed it against the wall. "Sit down thre," he said to Rena, and she obeyed without a wore The place was very cold, but she was not conscias of it yet; the glow of passionate feeling still kep Ber blood at fever temperature; byand-by she woul inevitably chill down. Euston walkec to and fro at the farther end of the dismal littj chamber. He was doing fierce battle with himslf, and he was losing,not gaining. He could only kep himself in hand .at all by not suffering himself JO lapse for one instant into tenderness. Could eveihe have dreamed of such a meeting as this after tiat miserable parting six months ago? The strangoess—the romance of it appealed strongly to such a nature as his; and to have her with him alone, tnder his care, in his hands, her very name thrown entirely on his honour—ah! she could trust him u this!—was intoxicating happiness. But was sle unchanged ? Still jealous and distrustful ? If he dropped his pride to plead and explain would she believe now the word she had doubted ? By-an*d-by he stopped in his walk, and asked Rena if she was told. She answered "No." She had not stirred this half hour. He could see the dark figure sitting tliere, and she watched his tall form passing to and fro, to and fro. If she might only go and throw herself at his feet, and ask forgiveness; but always she was held back, she so dreaded a rebuff- "You must be cold," said Euston, pausing once more, breaking another long silence. "It is no use to deny it, Rena." He came nearer. "I am a little cold," the girl confessed, "but it doesn't matter." "It matters everything." He began taking off his titter. Rena rose quickly. "No—no," she said, "you most not; I have a warm coat, and you " "Nonsense, child! I am a strong man, and you a fragile girl. Sit down again, and let me put the vlster round you." Rena obeyed silently because she could not have spoken without bursting into a passion of sobs. He put the coat about her tenderly enough, and said kindly, "Don't worry about me; my undercoat will keep me as warm as I need to be." Another hour went by. Rena was growing chilled even under the furred ulster. She was bora and bred in the south, and Bhe felt the northern cold keenly. Euston came up to her by-and-by, and bent down. "How do you feel now ?" he said gently. "Never mind me. I wish you would take back the coat. "How can you imagine I would do such a thing f You are cold—I asi sure of it! " "I can't help it!" Rena half whispered. "J am not used to such climates." "Poor child!" He stood still for a minute; then he bent down to her again, laying a light hand on her shoulder. "Rena," -he said quietly, "this won't do, you will catch a serious chill, and be laid up. You must let me take you within my arm, and so keep you warm." Rena's heart rose up in one great throb, and stood still. "No—no! " rushed to her lips, but did not pass them. She half rose. "Then put the ulster round us both!" she whispered; Iier voice failed her to speak otherwise. "So'- " he answered, "that will be better! " He Bat down by her, and passing his arm round her, drew her close to him, folding the ulster about them both, but the major part over her. " Lay your head against me! " he said under his breath; and drew the dear head down on his heart that beat so madly under the light pressure. There was scarcely any more power of self-control now that she was in his arms, folded to his breast; and she was trembling from head to foot—not with cold now, he knew. He did strive for a minute, but it was of no use. He pressed the slight form yet closer to him, and bent his face to hers. She felt his hot tears on her brow, and as she half lifted her face, his warm, quivering lips were on hers, clinging to them in long passion of rapture. It was minutes before they stirred, save that the girl's arms stole about her lover's neck, clinging to him —she pleading, yielding, giving herself up to him anew, but more utterly, more perfectly than six months ago, for now she was changed, softened, repentant; and when at last for an instant he lifted his head, she whispered brokenly, "Forgive—forgive!" "Darling!" he said passionately, "there was wrong in both, but most in me. 1 made no allowance for your youth and ignorance; 1 was bitterly wounded that you could doubt me; I was proud, and would not explain." "Hush! Oh! Ernald, you break my heart 1 I ought to have had faith. I have made you suffer so! " She bowed her head, sobbing; but he bent down and lifted her face, and kissed the tears away, eoothing her tenderly. "It is all over," he whispered, "we are heart to heart once more, dearest; we have both suffered too much for our folly to be parted by it again. My senseless pride kept me from you, Rena. 1 thought i you would still doubt me, and still I would not ! stoop to explanation. "I want none, Emald; I ought never to have I wanted it. Before a week was passed I would have j given all the world to have thrown myself at your ' feet, and beg your forgiveness; but I was afraid—I thought you might turn from me thinking I would doubt you again, when the first impulse of sorrow was over!" "My darling!" pressing her yet closer to him. "How could 1 have turned from you ? But perhaps the longer suffering has been best for us, we both needed the chastening. If I could only see your dear face distinctly! My lips must take the more, because my eyes can do so little." Rena flushed even in the darkness, but she nestled to him in a bewilderment of happiness, and let him kiss her at his will. They took no heed of snow or wind. They dift not know whether it was winter or summer; they forgot all about the anxiety of friends; this dusty, deserted shed was all the same to them as a luxurious room, with crackling yule-log in the chimney. The thud of the snow was as musical as the ripple of the flames. That is, if they heard it at all. L Probably they. didn't;. they neither he§.rd nor . knew anything .1.:- outside j- of ~ r each other. Were they not lovers ? Lovers, too, who had been parted »nd met thus strangely, to plight their tooth anew t -It is'a blessed time for niakmg pea^, ErnaW «id at last in a hushed voice. "ChnsUnas Eve! and it must be Christmas morning now; the beUs tiil be ringing bv-and-by. How strange that we Xould meet in such a place, at such a time. Rena. tell me-how was it you came here ? The <*irl started, and looked up. She had almo.t forgotten her dr«am; it rushed back upon her now, fraught with a new meaning. Ernald," she said, "it was a dream that brought me!" "A dream! . , tt Yes oh ! I understand now—God is very good to us, Emald. Listen!" And she told him of her dream last night of lher intense conviction that sho must obey it implicitly. Ellston listened in silence, and when she had Lshed sat for a long time still, silent, his lips on hers At length he said, low and tremulously, "was not I one in dire need, Rena ? It was my spirit that bade you come. Heaven kno^when but for this, we should have Oroken ^ fooli-b barrier of pride and distrust which each haa helped to build between us. And I came this way to-ni°ht—no, last niglit-to see the house m which "vou llved-to be near you. if only for a little w^ile. Was I obeving some instinct, as you obeyed the message that went from my heart to yours ? And so we met, and you are mine again! Nay, you were always mine! but you are leaning on my breast as you used to do, and love is conqueror; love far sweeter than in the old time—isn't it so, dearest ? And Rena answered by drawing his face down to hers, and pressing her soft quivering lips on his. CHAPTER W. ; RESCUED. When the tardy dawn broke Euston surveyed the chances of getting away from the Mill. The snow had ceased some three hours, but it would be lying knee deep, if not more, in the valley of the Old Mill Road. There was no dwelling nearer than the Grange, and Travis was even more unattainable. "It is most likely," Euston said,"thatyour friend Lottie will have told her father of your expedition, and they will come out on horseback to search for you on this road. It is our best chance to wait for them; indeed, I don't think it would be possible to get through the snow at present. If no one comes, we must e'en make the effort. I can't have you starve," turning to her and taking her in his aims again. But presently both sprang up. A loud shout rang through the frosty air. It's Mr. Grantley's voice! "cried Rena. clasping her hands, "and that's Fred! Oh! Emald—they're coming! " They sprang to the door, and presently saw three •horsemen struggling through the snow, which rose almost to the horses' withers. Euston uttered a shout that made the welkin ring again, and Rena waved her cap wildly. They were answered by renewed shouts from the riders, but it was a long time before these could gain the Mill, though once out of the valley progress was, comparatively,easy. Then there was embracing, and laughing, and sobbing, handshaking, and explanation. No one thought of scolding Rena for her rash expedition; how could they, when it had ended so happily for her ? Besides, her dream had come true, though she was very penitent for giving so much anxiety and trouble. "Oh! that's nothing," said Mr. Grantley heartily, "we're too delighted to find you alive to mind what's past. Now you people must eat and drink something before you start home. We've brought food and wine and brandy with us, and then, Mr. Euston, you must mount the led horse, and take up Rena—you see, we didn't reckon upon two ©f you. Good Heavens, child, what must have happened if you hadn't met Mr. Euston!" "Ah!" she said, flushing a little, and with a light in her dark eyes, "but I was to meet him. I told Lottie no harm could come to me." "Oh! you dreamer of dreams!" said he, but he looked thoughtful, for all that. By-and-by, when the horses had had a rest, and the prisoners were refreshed, they all set out for the Grange. It was a toilsome journey; but they made very merry over it, and whenever possible, Euston dismounted, and led Rena's horse, and when at last they reached the Grange, a fresh ovation awaited them, the explanation of Ernald Euston's presence on the scene adding a still more delightful touch of romance to the whole drama. Was ever a happier Christmas Dayeven at Dunmore Grange, where Christmas was always a happy season—than this special Christmas Day of the year of Grace, 188—? Emald Euston was of course made one of the family, and straight*- way found a place in the hearts of the old and the young people alike. Lottie told Rena, laughing, that she was jealous of her, but she added, in another tone, "Rena, I'll never mock, even in fun, at such dreams as yours. How different your life might have been if you had yielded to my dissuasions." The people of Dunmore and Travis were surprised when they heard that the Old Mill had been bought by a London gentleman, the husband of the beauti- ful young lady who spent a recent Christmas at Dunmore Grange. The Mill was not altered, only kept in repair, that it should not fall to ruin. What could Mr. Eusfam want with the place, and was it true, as had been said, that on the wall, just above a half worn-out old bench, were painted these words: "By one in dire need"? Lottie and her parents knew, and Emald Euston and his young wife knew; it was nothing to the rest of the world, A witrrER in Lippincot's Magazine says: "Woman is primarily a being who listens," and a graceless and libellous wretch at our elbow says, " Yes, at a keyhole." THE English complain that leather is found in American sausages; and American manufacturers will be so good after this as to take oil the collar before using. A TRAVELLER on a miserable lean steed was hailed by a Yankee, who was hoeing his putupkins by tho roadside: " Hallo! friend," said the farmer, " where are you bound ?" " I'm going out to settle in the Western country," replied the other. " Well, get off and straddle this here pumpkin-vine. It will groiv and carry you faster than that "ere beast." A MAN who had been unfortunate several mornings in succession in purchasing eggs, declared that he would rather be able to tell a good egg from a bad one than to be President of the United States. "TALK of opening oysters," said old Hurricane, "why, nothing's easier, if you only know how." " And how's bow! "* inquired Starlight. " Scotch snuff," answered old Hurricane, very sentreniously. " Scotch snuff." Bring a little of it ever so near their noses and they'll sneeze their lids off." " I kbow a genius," observed Meister Earl, " who has a better plan. He spreads the bivalves in a circle, seats himself in the centre, and begins spinning a yarn. Sometimes it's an adventure in Mexico—sometimes a legend of hi? loves—sometimes a marvellous stock transaction. As he proceeds the ' natives' get interested—one by one they gape with astonishment at the tremendous and direful whoppers which arc poured forth, and as they gape my friend whips 'em out, peppers "em, and swallows 'em." " That'll do," said Starlight, with a Jong sigh. " I wish we had a bushel of the bivalve:- here now—they'd open easy." RIDIKG out from Murfreesboro' towards Nashville, I turned to the right, to strike a part of the battle' ground, and in going half-a-mile I found three roads branching off. All looked alike, and puzzling over it I rode back to where a negro was working alongside the road, and asked : " Can you tell me where tliiit right-handed road leads to ?" " Yes, sah. You keep • right on dat road an' you'll riz a hill. Den you'll go freu some woods. Den you'll go down hill an' cross \ a branch an' go up anoder hill an' be right dar!" "Eight where?"' "I dunno, sah; but it's a plain road." " Where does the middle one go to ?" " Wall, you'll go freu de woods fust. Den you'll come to an ole mule balked wid a load of wood. Den you'll wind aroun' a hill an'take aslantto de right, and by keepin' straight on you'll see de place/' "What place ?" " I dunno, sah, but I reckon you'll find him down in dar, somewhar'." " And the other road ?" " Dat's de bes' one of all. Arter you branch off you'll see a fence. Den you'll turn to de right and see a big log ba'n. After you pass the ba'ii you'll likely see my brudder Jim cuttin' out cotton. l)oan' mind hitn, but keep on across de branch, slew aroun' to de left a lettle, an' arter you riz de liill you am nil right." " How aU right ? Where'll 1 be then?" " 1 dunno, sah ; lie nebcr up as fur as dat. If yon dean' want to see nobody, nor go nowhar', nor find noffiu,' you'd better stick to the pike. You'll i meet somebody on the pike wholl tell ye whar to make p short cut to hit de'zact plantashunJ" • ..,.,.. THE superintendent of theXacliine Canal, Canada, jiiscourages bathing in that estuary by ^confiscating the costumes of the bathers. The other'clay a ilrail was obliged to walk home wrapped np n « fluu - 1 | barrel. \- • " {Copyright.% 