AT THE BEEHIVE. MOSQUITO. Geelong is a town from which nothing but talcs of sombreness and melancholy are expected, Yet Geelong has had the honor of opening the present electioneer- ing season under the most lively auspices. There is a certain big fat doctor down there who is aspiring for Mr. Munro’s seat- There-is also. Mr, .McGinnis, who keeps n sixpenny restaurant. Naturally, the keeper of a sixpenny ’atin’-’ouse does nor look with an admiring eye on a big fat man whenever ho finds him, and Ivast of all when he finds him on an electioneer ing platform, when candidates of all sorts aro fair game for whoever likes to take a shot at them. Dr. Dranc, the politico medico in question, opened his campaign last Saturday night iu the market square of Geelong, with an “ open air.” There was a good crowd around, including McGinnis. Ho was in great form, having well primed himself for the occasion, JI« took possession of the doctor's meeting, and in spite of yells, " Go and look after [your Irish stew,” treated them to a dis- I jointed lecture on the wrongs and misfor tunes of Ireland anywhere between the siege of Limerick and the bursting up of the Parncllite party. Then ho turned on the big doctor, jeered him about the advice ho could give on the political situa tion, and most impertinently wanted to know whether ho was going to proscribe for the country’s ailments without being paid the professional gaiuei. McGinnis was in rare form for a row. Bat ho was odo against a couplo of hundred or so, and in this case, as in most others, tho big battalion conquered. He was deftly seized behind, ran out of the crowd, and thou he thought it best to subside. For Geelong, it was an exciting scone as long as it lamed, and it was also a characteristic one, too. If you, dear reader, kept a sixpenny restaurant would nob tho eight of a fat man be a constant irritation to tho nerves and a* menace to tho profits 1 The Geelong doctor is very stout, hence McGinnis's objection to such men having tho impudence to aspire to prominent places. Jack and Spratt have fallen oat. It occurred at Castlemaiue, and took placo this way. A great mania the Salvation Army was to lecture in the barracks there, and it was announced to tho faith ful that admission would bo by " silver coin,” which, in plain English, means that a three-penny bit will not be refused. But somehow or other, and after the doors were opened, the parties who wore .running the show changed their minds and began to ask for sixpences and shil lings, otherwise "oat you go.” Amongst those Who turned up with a threepenny in his capacious fist was Jack McKenzie, Jack, who is 6ft 9in high, is, by-tho-byo, the giant of Oastlemaine, and ono of the offices whi-.-h he fills in the local economy is tho saving of short people when they aro in danger of drowning by sudden Hoods in tho creek. But on tho evening of the lecture the upstanding advertise ment which for a long time Jack's great height has given to the Oastlemaine branch of the Army, and his services to the borough os chief flood rescuer, did not stand him in stead for tho deficient three penny piece. They wanted sixpence, tho doorkeeper evidently thinking that admis sion for one of his size was cheap at the price. Perhaps it was, but then Jack didn’t like being hoaxed in that way— brought there on the “silver coin” racket, and thou to bo told that a couplo of thorn would be required. So he kicked up a great row, and there was a scene of riot and devilry at the door of the barracks, whore nought but peace and brotherly love should dwell. Gibers than Jack were in it, but Jack was the leader. The leader on tho other side was Sprntt— Major Spratt—and that was how Jack and Spratt ft-ll out. The big one has now shaken his heels at the army, has been writing violent letters to Commissioner Coo robes at headquarters, has got uo satisfaction there, and now in a most un holy and rebellious frame of mind is wait ing about for Major Spruit’s next visit to tho town. He vows that he just wants to see him again—rthafc is all! Till they “soother” over the enraged giant it will, perhaps, be advisable for the major, when he travels between Melbourne ond Sand hurst, to go round by the Hoathcote route, or to give his enemy a still wider ty-.*rth, th-n, by Ballarat, Maryborough, and Inglewood. Speaking of the Salvation Array, is it not rather late in the day for perky little Shoppee and his mates in the Ballarat City Council to be catching them up, harassing them with heavy fines, and then sending them to prison for offences which, if they are offences, worse ones are going on daily and nightly in every town in the country? The head and front of their offending is that they want to march the streets as heretofore, so as to liven up people who are not consumed with bigoted or class prejudices against the army and its peculiar ways, and here and there attract to their services some poor heart- sore and dejected beggar for whom the orthodox churches and clergymen are doing nothing. The eight or nine young men and women who have been sent to gaol this week for marching without the little great man’s permission, are said to be quite happy over it. And well may they be so for though as regards its making martyrs of them, such crowns of martyr- dom are more easily worn nowadays than when they were fitted on by the Shoppees of a few hundred years back, they have nothing to be ashamed of. The sentence of the court carries no stigma with it; it is only the inconvenience of being kept in the same place rather longer than is con- sistent with one’s natural predisposition for slightly altering his location occasion- ally. I wonder what Mr. Shiels, the Premier, who is a just and liberal-minded man, would think of these humbug goings on of the City Councillors and justices of the peace at Ballarat if they were brought under his notice. I don’t think that it would be a very hard task to get the Premier to order their release. Surely, what is permitted in Melbourne, and here, ; and in every large and small town in the colony, can’t be very harmful to Ballarat. Let Shoppee and the envenomed liquo- party, and the bigots and Pharisees of Ballarat let the Salvationists alone. For notwithstanding their fooleries and their strange ways, they do more real good to fallen and falling humanity in one short month than very much better men than those above referred to do in a life time. Mr. Shoppee- he is a little consequen- tial chap of about 5ft 5in, plump and per- tinacious, refuses not a drink, and never misses a chance of getting himself para- graphed in the Ballarat papers, and he keeps a shop for the sale of cups and saucers, kettles and pots, knives and forks, bedroom utensile and so on- has evidently been so eagaged this week prosecuting the Salvationists, that he hasn't found time to send a message to the Governor congratulating his friend on the birth of his little boy, together with a little mug selected from his stock for the use of the said little boy when he's able to sit up and take his breakfast with the rest of his lordship's family. Anyhow, I haven't seen it recorded in the Ballarat papers that he has done so; and now it is too late for Shoppee to link himself once more in a special paragraph with an aris- tocratic name. Old Fitz, another old tuft-hunter, but of a rather different stamp, got in before him—stopping the business of the Metropolitan Board of Public Works till the members good- naturedly gave way to the whimsical old gentleman's whim, and placed themselves on congratulatory terms with the Governor. ‘ It la perfectly.trap, lj>ayq {pertained, ’ that only aboiit lulf tntf eabfaeh-fati tty? Williamson street jobbing rank aro licensed. Such being tho case, and tho Council not having kept faith with tho men who paid for licences, they should in a body go round to tho town hall and re quest a refund of their guineas. When men pay for a .privilege they expect to have that privilege reserved to them. But (ho Council has not carried out their part of the contract. It in broken, there fore there is no contract, and tho men should have their money back. After tho reception which Dr. Quick got from the miners’ delegates and tho local miners at the A.M.A. ba'.quot on Tuesday night, it should look ominous for the sitting members that there is to bo a contest in Sandhurst shortly for the Legislative Assembly. As one of ihe reporters who was there, privately dc scribes it; “ There was plenty of applause when the other speakers and Iho members of Parliament rose one after fho other, but it was mostly of the regulation, regular banquet stylo of applause—you know what I moan. But when Dr. Quick got up, it fairly made mo cast tip my eyes and my ears too. I was aston ished, never thinking before that tho doc tor had such a hold on those people —and many of them from very distant parts of tho colony. Tho applause was spon taneous, full, hearty, and lasting, and so long continued that they didn’t give the doctor a chance to speak. It was a mag nificent reception ; that’s the only word for it. Had I been Burrowes or Bailes, or ono of those now men who aro said 1 1 have a design on the electorate, I wouldn’t have enjoyed it—not a little bit.” There, I think tin reporter has graphically docribed the incident, and tho deduction is obvious. In tho North Eastern district one of the richest landowners was, whilst at his work cutting chaff, drawn into a chaff cutter, was mangled up, and died in great pain. What docs a rich man want fjoling about such a dangerous machine as a clmffcutter? Are there not plenty of un employed about everywhere who would have boon glad of tho job, and as tho cele brated Bobby Moffat, of Ravenswood, of eccentric and drou'hy memory, used to observe, what does it matter when a poor man loses bis life when he hasn’t anything worth living for? Tho death of tho north eastern land owner whilst saving perhaps 10s a week and 8s for tho rations of a mao, reminds mo of a somewhat similar tragedy which occurred on ono of tho reefs in the earlier days of Bendigo. A line manly young fellow, one of tho partners in n newly, opened and very rich mine, though it was no longer a necessity for him, continued at his work, which was to drive tho engine. Ono ufaht whilst thus engaged, his newly married—and therefore it is thoroughly safe toassumo, much beloved—-young wife brought him his supper. Going through tho crushing battery with tho tea and the toast and the other things in her hands, looking for her husband, her dross caught iu tho large belt of the driving wheel. In an instant the poor young woman was whisked off her feet, in less than another she was dashed against the shafting, then tho life was crushed out of her, and ia another instant her dead body was thrown out from between the belt and driving wheel on to the floor. It was a terrible sight that met tho young man’s eyes as they gathered up the remains, "And that woukln’t have happened,” he mournfully exclaimed, "had I not been here, keeping some man out of a billot who is iu want of ono.” Ho never drove the engine again. That one lesson was enough. It was not greed or meanness, however, that caused him to stick at his work, only that ho liked to bo employed. There's a boy at Raywood who hit a bullock a pelt on tho head with a stone and killed it, thus saving another hoy from being gored. If when you were a youngster you ever, for amusement, tried to smash in old bullocks’ npads with stmes, only to find that you could make no impression on them, you will appre ciate tho alleged prowess of the youngster at Raywood, who, with one straight sho‘, brought down a big l.vn bullock. Is the lad a descendant of David with his little stone and sling, or does tho blood ran in his veins of that Irishman who, when showing a cockney sportsman around the game preserves on his master’s estate, used, simultaneously with the cockney bl«z ; ng off his gun, to shy a stone at tho woodcocks so aa, he said, to **make mro of them.” Or possibly tho Raywood bqy’s education has boon similar to (hat of the women and girls of Thibet. There from their childhood, through beingaecustom-’d to mind cattle, and a well-directed stone on the node being tho handiest way of turning a cow that is going in the wrong direction, or one on tho rump of expedit ing her movements when an acceleration of speed is desired, stones, in the hands of th-'so well experienced women have become really terrible weapons. Or possi bly tho Raywood bullock slayer has been taking lessons from the stone throwing blackfellows of North Australia. There a blackfellow on a piece of country where he has only to sto.»p down and snatch up handy-sized stones for throwing purposes, is mo o than a ma'ch for a police ‘roopor or other man armed with a revolver. The blackfellow cm begin pinking his enemy long before the holder of the revolver gets within npge, and when the latter comes closer, ho can keep up such a furious! stream of a*ones—nearly every one of' which hit* its mark—that the while m in at last is g’ad to clear out as fast as he can. Or possibly—tho Raywood story wants the support of a f w veriffa-xtpry ; affidavits. , The skimmed and water milk prosecu tions at Eaglehawk were very aerioui matters to the panics concerned. More serious than the Sues is ‘ho ions of thein pugfomofa confidence, iu these thfags arc/ remembered for years, through one neigh bor constantly reminding the other when asked the very common question, "Who’s a good milkman to deal fr m?” At Eaglehawk, they seem to do thesx things with a little more municipal,c >uiag < and .honesty than, in B mdigo. When here, some time ago, the city health olfimr and the inspector unearthed a number of milk 'selling frauds on the ratepayers, the'Oity Oruncil were afraid to prosecute. Milk sellers have votes, n-id milk selkrs deal at shops. How would it do, however, for Sergeant Fahey to make another swoop, pot witty a vioy to a prosecution, of course, as .jihe 0 juncjl couldn't ttyink of i‘~t-'>ut just to‘ let the ratepayers make q rough calculation of the quantity of milk they have been ghosted out of since the city analyses figures wore published early last year. At Eaglehawk, it is related that one sharp old practitioner in the milk and water lino had an astonishingly narrow pEcape. Hp was driving round with hia capF' when tyo jjaw {-Sergeant Qleeson stopping ttye. other cArtg. f §uspeQtfag wfi it up, fie drove off as tyard as bis horse could go, apt} very shortly bad the whole of his morning's milk wliepe ttyoce was no fear of its rising in judgment him, His customers had no milk that day, and wlien they £fked him vhy, did tye fall styem it was because Sergeant tyad giy|n them*'qubh a scare? Not lie. He* that ft #ag bp cause ,f ßoqny” apd " Poley ” hud stayed out in the bush all night, that “Magpie” and "One-Eye” were going dry, and that "Blossom’’ and "Bobtail” hsdii’t calved yet, though he was expecting them every day. So that satisfied the customers, and the milk they are getting is excellent; But some of those who were fined and ex posed nr oaw f al lyj ealo us ■ at the ’cute dnn escaping. Says Mrs, Muimac O’Sbannassy in hcr.wrathfalqess, “/If tho felly hadn’t gin (hat pound to the Barginfafor the ifor 'tKe blessed churchy he’d have been there in tho ceort beside the rest of UB, If I cud have given a pound it’s not mo wad have been there nay t her.” This is rough on the sergeant, but I suppose, as ho in just about closing ft long and useful career in the “foorce,” he’s long boon used to insinuations of that kind. 