A FATAL PAST. CHAPTER VI. LOVE'S YOUNG DREAM. BY DORA RUSSELL, Author of "Footprints in the Snow, &c.;, &c.; Had anyone asked Francis Roche what he thought of Brackenford during the next few days, he would probably have answered that it was the most delightful place in the whole world. So at least it seemed to him. Lady Eonismore was the most charming woman he had ever met, he had told himself many times, and Lord Ennis more was the jolliest, the kindest, the very best fellow he knew. The atmos phere of the whole house was so genial and full of life that young people were particularly happy there. And more than once, as the early November - day closed in, Francis Roche had met by chance among. the dusky fir trees a bright faced girl, herself the very in carnation of youth, hope agid happi ness, ■ •' This was Helen Drummond. Helen had always walked about the grounds a great deal alone when she stayed at Brackenford, and she saw no reason why she should not do so now. Some hop' Francis Roche had discovered this. They had encountered each other on a certain evening on one of the narrow paths among the firs; Helen taking her usual exercise before she dressed for dinner, and Roche on his road to the house, having left £he sportsmen on the hills somewhat earlier than usual. : ,' . They were very pleased' to meet each other. The cold misty air had brightened Helen’s bright cheeks, and Roche could just see the glad look in. her eyes, and the glad smile on her bps. when she recognised him. ■ \\\ i 1 1 never expected to have the -good uck to meet you at this hour,’ said Roche. ; ‘That is because you do nett know fT w^y s >’ answered Helen smiling. Tins is my favorite hour, and nearly every afternoon I have a walk in the we north-country people ■. does Miss Sinclair say V Roche, also smiling. • I am not one of Miss Sinclair’s pupils, said Helen. ‘She gives me ' ll n} u sic sometimes when I am ere, and that is all—l don’t like Miss Sinclair!’ ... * sa graceful looking- woman, ! think.’ ° ’ • Yes, perhaps—but she’s not true, Dot honest-I am certain she is not.’ ' , Resided opinions you have!’ latio[, n Iau S hed , a girl’s bright, glad ‘Of course, I have,’ she said. I like f eo P e ’enuenselv, or I dislike them ■omensely.’ ■ 10 P e then you don’t dislike me, 'oimenselyf ,‘ i a . u Shed again, and this time p V e R a little, but it was too dark-'for- Roebe to see her blush.- -'. V iv a - v R tu rn with youl’ said Roche, anH n *u 1 ‘ I- too like this hour, ,v- u 6 , stillness . ft nd the mist, and _ ostly look of the, fir trees.,. But' n ®t afraid, Miss Drummond; wittf ln a lon ely place 'like this a U an - v onc to take care of you ? ghosts ] ,U not dfraid °R robbers and °°. tdd robbers get into the for lau S ,liD g’;' a,ld aa me f n . t S ’ . • m sure they won’t hurt one* * never did'any harm to any ventlv^ R ''T P • saicl; Roche, fer and I” 5 tone and manner were £ t;tothe y° u ug:girl’sheart. two r Was the first walk that these- r eo^e R° o b- beneath the Beforp f/"’ >ut was nofc the laSfc don P n P arted on this first oc'ca- Dieet t' C 16 as b®R Helen if she would S® a " a iu to-morrow. «s f 0 b a R the jolliest walk/ he said,' the wall e 7 min utes they stood behind' 0 one of Lady Ennigmore’s • conservatories before parting, ‘ the jjolliest walk X ever had in my whole |life, Miss Drummond—do you think I you will come out at this time to |morrow?V:-rv.‘v? '•;• | ‘ I hfearly-always have a’turn out at i this\ hour,’; answered .Helen, lightly, | ‘butl most go in now—l -some j tea before r l.:dress.’ 1 .... V j -Roches followed Helen,.into Lady Ennismore’s -drawing-- room aV'few I minutes .after ; this. Some ; country j visitors were , there drinking. tea, and j Helen-was: standing with her sealskin • hat in her . hand, .talking.in her usual i bright animated way .to these •visitors. ! 11 ''They'were two'maiden sisters of the : Rev. Peter Prescott, rector of Morton i bury. The Rev. Peter was a, bachelor, land Miss Prescott' and Miss Dorothy ; Prescott' 1 ‘lived 1 ? at the rectory 1 house, ■which was.half a mile out of the little town. They were two elderly, faded ladies these, full of good works, but jealous of : their reverend brother, i Mortonbury was a good living, and j Peter was ./simple about women his ! sisters said, so, neither, widow nor maid ■was very, welcome at the .rectory. •They guarded Peter as jealously as;the : cat does herkittens. " Peter was on the . wrdng side of forty certainly, but the Misses Prescott knew (perhaps from : experience) the, deterniination of de signing females in want of .husbands. They therefore watched the rector with; lynx eyes. The Rev. Peter, indeed, was no ; doubtr well worth looking after in the way of matrimony. The rectory of Mortonbury was itTthe gift of a great ducal house, and while at college Peter Prescott had had the good fortune to risk ; his own life one day in a very ' gallant and successful effort to save the life of young Lord Algernon, who was the second son of the great ducal house, and who would certainly have : beeu- drowned-but for the bravery of i Peter Prescott. Lord Algernon did not forget this. 'Peter got his first curacy in a manu facturing town,--and- labored there in ; his quiet, unobtrusive way for many years. Then, at the age of. 90, old Mr Moon, the rector of Mortonbury, re tired into the sparsely filled graveyard of that town,. where people rarely, die, except when full of years. Upon this event occurring, Lord Algernon reminded his fatherj the ■ Duke; that if it had not been for Peter Prescott, that the Duke would now have had no second son. The Duke accordingly desired the rectory of ’ Mortonbury, worth over two thousand a year, to he presented to the Rev. i Peter Prescott, who was still con tentedly working amobg his knife . grinders. Had Peter suddenly been elevated : to the peerage he could not have been 1 more surprised. Years and years had passed since he had fished Lord Alger non out of the waters of the Cam, and he had never seen him. Two brace of grouse had certainly every year arrived at the curate’s humble lodgings :in Sheffield, with Lord Algernon’s compliments,.but this was all. Peter used to smile to • himself sometimes when he got the grouse, remembering the white agonised face of the young lord in his death-throes in the fiver. But Peter made no sign and asked :no favor. Lord Algernon had for gotten him he supposed, and the Sheffield curate was a very humble minded man, and was content that it should be so. ! then his utter surprise when ithe duke presented him with a living ; worth £2OOO a year, and when he re ceived a kindly, well expressed, and grateful letter from Lord Algernon. ‘ Do not suppose,’ wrote his Lord ship, ‘that I have ever for a moment forgotten your great bravery, when at the risk of your own life you undoubt edly saved mine. But I waited to tell you this, until something worthy of you fell out. They tell me Morton bury is a good living, and that there is a nice rectory-house attached. ..May. you live in it long, my dear Prescott, arid if the Rector of Mortonbary will; honor me occasionally with an invita tion to visit him, nothing, will give me greater pleasure than • to grasp once more the honest hand which .plucked me so gallantly from the, grasp of death.’- 1 ! A tear dimmed Peter Prescott’s grey and serious eyes when he read this letter. He had been unjust to this true-hearted gentleman, he was think ing, and to be unjust was grievous to' the soul of Peter. He sat down and wrote a few words to his'noble, friend; —cold, even stiff words, perhaps; but had Lord Algernon seen him kneeling with his long, lank figure, and with his lean hands clasped, while he prayed in heartfelt accents, that all blessings, might fall on Lord A.lgernon’s; head,- •Lord Algernon would have understood, •better the man’s simple and tender nature. As it was, Lord Algernon felt, that■ lie had done his duty, and, paid, his life debt, and the Rev. Peter Prescott was congratulated on all sides. His parishioners presented:, him with an address and a silver salver; his vicar fawned upon him, and as for his vicar’s daughter—well, Peter felt more at 1 ease "when " he' saw" the last of Sheffield. But he went away with the good will-of-all- men.-— Woraeu-had-scarcely looked ab’liim). was ■leaf), ihe?:!was,> ugly,; -th l ereforer:w ; iifvt charms had llie- in /tHeieye* dt jvoinenj 1 They mostly-, look Vo ~the,. husk, and not to the grain within. But if he had no lovers among them he-had no enemies.; ‘He was a good-creature, they said, and none of them had heard the story of his having saved XiOrd Algernon until the.unexpected gift of the rich'living told the. Vale. i But if this gift gratified the simple, kindly heart of Peter, words cannpt describe how it gratified and delighted the somewhat narrow and soured hearts of his. two maiden sisters.., ~•! j These' ladies , were ; then Imng, to gether in ' a small; country; town, in ia poor,; little chouse, where; their -father, the late Rev. Peter Prescott had been perpetual .curate o ver 40 years., . They were leading only : a; very meagre and struggling ' existence, - though" - their brother, the curate- at Sheffield, in variably contrived to spare them £w a year out of .his own scanty income. For the rest they.kepVa day school for young ladies, -but young: ladies did not .flock in any overpowering numbers to the Misses,, Prescott’s establishment, j When, therefore, one morning there iarrived a letter,with the Sheffield post jtnark from Peter, to tell his sisters the ■good and unexpected news of bis pro ruotion, these, poor, ladies were almost iovercome with joy. Dorothy, who had |a tendency to heart disease, nearly Tainted; but„ contrived nevertheless to jread to the end of the.letter,first.before. Jshe gave in.’ j This letter not-'orily 'contained-the : jnews of the Rev. Peter’s appointment* to the rbctofy'of Moftonbury*' but it contained also a kindly and generous!y worded’bfier to hisOtwd .poornsisters of aihome at the new rectory-houseM ■ ■ -They-tell-rae-it-is-a-pretty-heal thy place,’ wrote the kind Peter, ‘and I trust, my dear sisters, that some happy days of rest are,now before you, and that you will both live long to enjoy them. Give, up your little school, of. course, at once, and come to Morton bury as soon as you can. I enclose a cheque for accidental expenses;’ and so The cheque was for.'fifty...pounds,., arid the hearts of the Misses s Prescott' | wei'b greatly uplifted.' They wlio~had” ihad; suphrtsombreVgrey-tinted;"', lives jfonhdcthemselves3.su an rit jmosphere of- sunshine, prosperity and ■ flattery. Alr , They , ,held. Vv their meagre I necksjv ihigherV than,- their. wont,, arid; ; walkedr -with; proud-, and related ’.foot , steps during the rest of their stay. in. ’tbe'.little country town where often and, , they had had such;a-hard pinch ; for daily bread. Then they sold their scanty furniture,' and' 1 ? went to . live at ■ at theVectory house at Mortonbury. They foup’diit to ?be a /■* place fit for the residence of the .highest gentleman :iu;- the. laud;’; Miss’. Dorothy wrote to one : of her s old friends' in the little country town, where-they- had kept the school. Old MwMoon, the Tate rector, had 1 been, a man of-;taste; and of wealth, ■ ' and there;;,were fcqnseryatories , arid vineries at .Mortonbury,’ • and flower beds glowing in all the beauty:; arid; glory of summer, when the two faded sisters arrived" there; 'just when the evening sun’was setting’over the grand grey Irills'inthe background. ’ Tt seemed scarcely real at first this great change, and then .little: by little thbi'Misses Prescott* got accustomed to their new position, and ; settled down ini.:’,their ■ comfortable - home.• ' The butcher came for orders, ’and, ’ they. almost , forgot ’ the time when they could scarcely get credit ’for the end of a neck of mutton 1 Yet, perhaps, it was the memory of the hard times long ago; that made them watch their brother so jealously if an unweddcd woman approached the rectory. At all events they did watcli him. When Helen Drummond and Francis Roche went into Lady Ennismore's, driiwing-rooni and found them drink ing tea there, the Misses Prescott ware both thinking of their brother, and thinking of him with some uneasiness.. The cause of this uneasiness was that ■ the Rev. Peter Prescott had been seen a day or two before talking iri the main -street of Mortonbury to Miss Sinclair, Lady Ennismore’s governess. Thus, ithe-Misses Prescott felt uneasy, and ; their visit on this occasion to Lady. .Eunismore. wascaused by this feel iino- ... V - ‘ And: ypur ; daughters, Lady : Ennis .more,’ Miss Dorothy was saying just os Francis Roche entered the room, - I hope they are well T jQuite well,’ answered Lady Enhis ■ more, courteously.. : ; ?. Arid—and,’continued Miss Dorothy, with a little hesitation, ‘have you still the same young person to- Overlook, their studies that you formerly-Tiad?’-' Miss Sinclair ?’ Oh, yes,’’said Lady,' Eunismore smiling, for the. Misses, Prescott’s anxiety about their brother was well knowriin-the place. ' ‘Miss Sinclair!’ said Helen Drum mond in her bright frank way; ‘Oh ! she’s quite an institution here, . Miss Dorothy. ’ Do you think her very (handsome ? All gentlemen’'think: her: iso don’t. they_Mr_ Roche,. 'arid-so graceful looking V '■■■ ; Roche laughed,Tor he saw the girl ’was amusing herself. .. , 1 XOf course I admire -her,’-he said. ; - | ‘I see nothing in her to admire,’ [said ;thajt a moment before she: had. pre tended- -she scarcely .-knewwlietlier Miss Sinclair was at Brackenford or not. At this moment Miss Sinclair, and jjulia and. Maud'Bingham entered the drawing-room. ;; , . , 7 . _* I ‘ I could not get*'the silk matched in [the village, Lady Ennismore,’said Miss. 'Sinclair, .alluding to some silk, for Lady (Ennismore’s embroidery. ‘But if you Swish jt,,l can write for ,it .to town this evening?’ ■ ’ | j‘ Thank you,’ said -Lady Ennismore. |‘l don’t know,’; she added, ‘ whether [you - kno w these-ladies,- Miss : Sinclair ? (Miss ,;Miss ’. Sinckir- f-Miss (Dorothy Prescott.’ | i The,three kdies bowed at this intro duction—the,, , Misses : Prescott, -very istiily, Miss Sinclair very graciously. ’ «J; have not;, bad the pleasure of meeting ’you before,’; said Miss Sin clair,' inh'er calm, lady-like way, ■* but Si know your brother, the ! rector, very well—wc have just met him.’ ' } ‘ Audacious; .hussy,’ thought Miss iDorothy," and she gave an audible !grunt"of disapproval and moved un : ■easily.on her chair. ' ■ ‘ He gave us such a beautiful sermon 'on Sunday,’ continued Miss Sinclair. ‘He seems 'to understand the human heart so well.’ An amused smile quivered for a moment over Lady Ennismore’s lips at these words. Slie was cleverer than her governess; and Miss Sinclair s own feelings were too blunt to understand the feelings of others. ‘My brother is no fool, answered Miss Dorothy; ‘ he is not easily taken in.’ ‘ No, indeed, I should think not, said Miss Sinclair, with a calm lady like superiority of tone to Miss Dorothy’s quick irate words, for the poor jealous sister’s uneasiness was beginning to dawn on the governess’ blind. ‘But clergymen must be so greatly tried. I dare say people often go to him and pretend to be poor, and all that kind of thing, just to get money ? And it must be so hard to j refuse, an, appeal of any kind, don't iyou think : so, Lady-Ennismore ?- i * My good friend, Mr Prescott, .would not, I am sure, like to refuse anyone,’ said Lady Ennismore. ; , , ‘But he can see through people,’ said Miss Dorothy, with surprising bit terness of accent, and then' she sud denly paused, for the, Rev. Peter Pres cott and Lord Ennismore at this instant actually/ walked into the room.' _ ' ‘ Well, Miss Dorothy, and who isj it that can see through people?’ said the genial lord, advancing with out stretched -hand, to .the rector’s sister. /.Were you talking about me, when I’ve got: my bran .new.; glasses on?’ And Lord Ennismore gave his hearty laugh. , ■ I' ‘ Miss Prescotc was speaking'of her brother,’ said Miss Sinclair, in her soft, even-toned’ voice. —‘She-was- saying’ that Mr Prescott’ (and Miss Sinclair smiled at Mr Prescott as she said these words) ‘ is not easily taken in by people who try to delude him.’ ‘ Ah, my friend 1’ saM Lord Ennis more, laying his big brown hand on the rector’s lean shoulder, ‘ you wait till some pretty young woman tries to 'delude you, you’re easily -taken inj- br^not. all the/sknfe, iP'resdo€t/ she again" his jovial laugh rang throught the roora, ‘ women can- make fools of us.just’wheneve'r it pleases them.’ rb of Hortbnlmry ~blushedfrom.. .Ennismore said this,-, and. Miss .Dorothy Prescott from rage.’Llm. Ti’A'V - v ‘-That’s a strange’ 'tliiiig '-to•'say. gl think, 1 Lord Ennismore,’ she said. j'tj ■fAWhat,,:tliab’ ; women can make foqjs of us ? Ah, my dear lady, Bye, no doubt if would 'tell 'us'the'.-itruth that you .have- been at Eye’s work yourself before now,’ ’And again Lord Ennismore laughed: f;; This compliment rather ; mollified Miss Dorothy.: -But still she'-felt that’ itwas her duty. to.go. ..... . Martlia,’ she said,'looking at her elder, sister -and gathering her-;various and many-tinted wraps together; ‘itjis time we were moving-—Peter, you will see.us home? 1 ,/■..■•• .V. Once more Peter-, blushed. ,; j - t-j .‘I have promised to—ah—dine with Lord Ennismore/he said. :■ / Miss Dorothy gave a nervous shiver. ‘You had better see us home, Peter,’ she repeated. , i .‘Nonsense, nonsense,’:>‘said' v nLord Ennismore. ‘Stay and dine),with us yourself, Miss Dorothy.’ \ | / ‘ It.. is. ’ impossible,’ , replied r- Sliss Dorothy,, thinking of her dress. -”j i ‘Then’ I’ll see "you 1 home myfjelf,’ answered the genial Irishman.- ‘.-You wouldn't take a young inan like,! my friend, the rector here away from ah these charming young ladies! isb, ; no, come along, Miss Dorothy, I’ll see yon safely homo.’ ; ) Miss .Dorothy gasped twice, ami then yielded. It was dnngcrons ito leave Peter, but it was something to ho escorted homo by a lord, and so Miss Dorothy yielded. 1 As Miss Dorothy, and her sister quitted the room, the rector sat meelcly down on a chair, feeling exceedingly foolish. He had scarcely done so, when he found Miss Sinclair sitting bext him. :’ ■/■/•.;■/. : ■ ‘ //i /‘I was just telling your sister/, she said, ‘ how; charmed I was with ■■your sermon ,bn Sunday^—you ; understand the,human, heart so, well, Mr Prescott.’ -For the third time • since ;.lfe:!l(ad entered the room, the - - Rev/‘Peter blushed. - ■ . •; ‘l—l—try to get along,.he said’ ■ fYou know everything, I think,’ said Miss Sinclair, modestly. //You are indeed gifted.’ . ,'/i ; [ Peter grasped the' ar'm of his/cliair. He felt powerless, while this/glib tongued woman kept'Whispering > her jlattenes.in.iijs ,ear. ..... \ {To he continued.)' T *■ [ 