THE PONY MR DANCE. : ' . AN INDIAN DRAMA -ON THE PLAINS— WILD BIDING AND SPIRITED ACTING. (jut .tax ralph, is " harper's.") The sun blazed down on- the great camp that afternoon and glorified thepiacesotbatit looked, like a miniature Switzerland of anbwy peaks. But it was hot, Mid blankets were stretched from the tent tops, Mid the womeu sat under them to catch the air aud escape the heat, The I salaried native policeman of the reserve, wear ing & white stovepipe hat with feathers, and & ridiculous blue coat, and heaven knows what other absurdities, rode around, boasting of deeds he never performed, while a white cur made him all the more ridiculous by chasing him and yelping at his horse's tail. And then came the grand spectacle. The vast plain was forgotten, and the great campus within the circle of tents was transformed into a theatre. The scene was a setting of white and red tents that threw their clear-cut outlines against a matchless blue sky. The andience was composed of four white men and the Indian boys, who were flung about by the startled horses they were holding for us. The players were the gorgeous cavalrymen of nature, circling before their women and old men and children, themselves plumed like unheard of tropical birds, the others displaying the minor splen dour of the kaleidoscope. The play was " The Pony War Dance, or the Departure- for Battle." The aeting was fierce— not like the conduct of & mimic battle on our stage, but performed with the desperate zest of men who hope for distinction in war and may not trifle about it. It had the earnestness of a chal lenged man" who tries the foils with a tutor. It was impressive, inspiring, at times wildly exciting. There were three-score young men in the brilliant cavalcade. They rode horses that were as wild as themselves. Their evolutions were rude, but magnificent. Now they dash past us in single file, and next they come helter skelter, like cattle stampeding. For a while they rode around and around, as on a race course, hut at times they deserted the inclosure, parted into small bands, and were hidden be hind the cartainB of their own dust, presently to re-appear with a mad rush, yelling l"ke maniacs, firing their pieces, and brandishing their arms and. their finery wildly on high. The orchestra was composed of seven tom toms that had been dried taut before a camp fire. The old men and the chiefs sat in a semi- circle behind the drummers on the ground. AH the tribal heirlooms were in the display, the cheiished gewgaws, trinkets, arms, apparel and finery they had saved from the fate of which they will not admit they are themselves the victims. I never saw an old-time picture of a type of 6avage red man or of an extrava gance of their costuming that was not revived in this spectacle. It was as if the plates in my old school books and novels and tales of adven ture were all animated and passing before me. The traditional Indian with the eagle plumes from crown to heels was there ; so was he with the buffalo horns growing out of his skull; so were the idyllic braves in yellow buckskin fringed at every point. The shining bodies of men, hare, naked, and frescoed like a Bowery barroom were not lacking ; neither were those who wore masses of splendid embroidery with coloured beads. But there were as many peculiar costumes which I never had seen pictured. And not any two men or any two horses were alike. As barber-poles are covered with paint, so were many of these choice steeds of the nation. Some were spotted all over with daubs of white, and some with every colour obtainable. Some were branded 50 times with the white hand, the symbol of peace, but others bore the red hand and the white hand in alternate prints. There were horses painted with the figures of horses and of serpents and of foxes. To some saddles were affixed coloured blankets or cloths that fell upon the ground or lashed the air, according as the home cantered or raced. One horse was hung all around with great soft woolly tails of some white material. Sleigh- bellB were upon several. Only half a dozen men wore hats — mainly cowboy hats decked with feathers. Many carried rifles, which they used with one hand. Others brought out bows and ariovs, lances decked with feathers or ribbons, poles tump- with coloured cloths, great shields brilliantly painted and fringed. Every visible inch of each warrior was painted, the naked ones being ringed, streaked and striped from head to foot. I would have to catalogue the possessions of the whole nation to tell all that they wore between the braBs rings in their hair and the cartridge belts at their waists, and thus down to their beautiful moccasins. Two strange features further distinguished their pageant. One was the appearance of two negro minstrels upon one horse. Both had blackened their faces and hands, both wore old Btovepipe hats and queer, long-tailed white men's coats. One wore a huge, false, white moustache, and the other carried a coal - scuttle. The women and children roared with laughter at the sight. The two comedians got down from their horses and began to make grimaces, and to pose this way and that very comically, buch a performance had never been seen on the reserve before. No one there could explain where the men had seen negro minstrels. The other unex pected feature required time for develop ment. At first we noticed that two lit tie Indian boys kept getting in the way of the riders. As we were not able to find any fixed place of safety from the excited horsemen, we marveled that these children were permitted to risk their necks. Suddenly a hideously painted, naked man on horseback chased the little boys, leaving the cavalcade and circling around the children. He rode back into the ranks, and still they loitered in the way. Then around swept the horseman once more, and this time the naked rider flung himself from his horse, and seizing one boy and then the other, bore each to the ground and made as if he would brain them with his hatchet and lift their scalps with his knife. The sight was one to paralyse an onlooker. But it was only a theatrical performance arranged for the occasion. The man was acting over again the proudest of his achievements. The boys played the parts of two white men whose scalps now grace his tepee and gladden his memory. For 90 minutes we watched the glorious riding, the splendid horses, the brilliant trap pings, and the paroxysmal fervour of the ex cited Indians. The earth trembled beneath the dashing of the riders ; the air palpi tated with the noise of their war cries and bells. We could have stood the day out, but we knew the players were tired, and yet would not cease until we withdrew. Therefore we came away. We had enjoyed a never-to-be-forgotten privilege. It was as if we bad seen the ghosts of a dead people ride back to parody scenes in an era that had vanished. It was like the rising of the curtain, in response to an encore, upon a drama that has been played. It was as if the sudden up- flashing of a smouldering fixe lighted, once again and for an instant, the scene it had ceased to illumine. 