CORRESPONiDENCE. •r . - .: .... % ,?¢ , .:-. THE HOSPITAL DISPUTE. TO TiE xiorrn. SmI,-I will not crav;e your inilulgence, or even ask you to please pardon my taking up so mucli of your space, like your correspondents in your issue of 2j5th October,.'who took plenty of time to hatch and tunoetheir little produicts. I have not giaduated inthe University of Billingsgate, and will content my self by stating that I regret 1\;r. ElliottY has decided to take ,off hi~s armnouri and so dejrive the public of anotlher exhibition. A- grip of the hammerlock given was due to his " jumping juniors" and cowardly inuendoes. Perhaps he is going to Tiinbuctoo-a much-hackned phrahse -wheere he will be more in touch, and your readers :may yet be treated to occasional interesting reviews froom his pon. of the people,. products, hospital disputes, and volcanoes of tlhit little known place. : A second Don Quixote, that charm ing character so graphically described by Cervantes, has put on his gloves and is viciously tilting' for a fall. A? friend observed this morning that there were several ways of effecting a cheap method of advertising, and one was to publicly parade, in the columns of the . local press, one's private ;lduties and the performance thereof, with what the'. writer calls a wholly and entirely private institution. This, like many 'self-inspired puffing paragraphs,,: which from. time to time ap)pear in' your columns and have been called attention to in other quarters, every honourable professional, man eschews-treading as it does a dangerous ,inclined plane between a hitherto honourable calling and an individual whose advertisements de face every hoarding in Northumber land, and are an eyesore to all self respecting people. T•he writer is not animated by a desire for pecuniary gain; feelings of peirsonal ambition, or a wish for common.. applause, and being inde pendent of ~;' clheapnl jiF does not, though known to you, encumber your columns with his 'name, followed by half the letters of'the alphabet. He has an ardent wish, however, to get at tlh corn of truth in wordy chaff, and the personal focus' of 3:our: two codr respondents, with their hblterniate liopes and fears, show thalt they have no desire to know the truth for the truth's sake, or they . wo~1d st;udy a more just and generous appreciation of the works and opinions of otlhe labourers. fn boyhood's days I visited a show where the chief, attractiol was :the specially tirained and wonderfill pu;ppets,. whlich could squeak voci ferously when thile exhibitor, ",Old Malaibar," tickled their auricular ap penridages, but . the: species proved Ihybrid. In certain stages of existence it is nice to have your hair stroked and to be told tlint you are' a very good, obedient boy, nand this being the ihatclhing season, the, inclemency of the late. weatlher .necessitates chickens s~heltering themselves under the wings of an old rooster. :i'r. Elliott, with foear and trembling of the ghost at hisi elbow, is trying to. :see throurgh tie goggles of this spectre, t ., .,: . i..Pigeoi' fanciers know: two species oelled trumpeters and tumblers. The first obtain their name friom the pecu liar voice, iinliko th' at of any other; and tho '"coo "'o is" riapidly repfeated: The second have aishot beak, 'andi are slpecially distingtished :lby the siingi lar habit of turlbling over backiwards durig flight. One of the sub?races tlhe Indian lotan"or ground tumnbler if slightly 'shaken and placed oh' the ground; w.ill immediately b'egiri tiirmb ling head ,over; heels until thl?ken up and soothed. If not talakoen up,:' ~ome of them will go on trunbling till' they die, and .IDarwin says thatl ' these binds : generally i':bemin' to' tuhubleo al?ost as..soon as t..:ly fliy. Are tie present medical officors 'of the N.U .UF.SD. :unaitarei becauseb the public arid their cobmiitti dcaniibot be; of,' a .?ertain standiiing 'adviertisemient w'ihich appoered in thie Sydneq .oihriig .Heraled: " Modical- iApplicants, for the position of medical officer to the Eriendily Societies' Dispensari', : New castle, ::iro .:: advised to applly to i.:Dr; Eames,' secretary Nortlierin Medicil Association of NoeWcastle.", This ad vertisemont lapsod from want of funds ,or other cause, but it had been con siderod so injurious to the Frienoudly Societies that thie ruling body of?'tha~t instituto. issued a circular, which I en close, defying the Northlrn e odical Association, among other tlrings, to point out a single breach 'of medical etiquetto on tie part of any of the numerous gentlemon in their employ ; and accusing the members of tie said association, while sering thlein, of hiaving had cortificates placing mone bers on thelir funds issued by quacks, and that boys were engaged to dis- i penso stock mixtures prescribed under 1 a private formula, &c.;, &c.; Of the mnumerous medicos, all of :whom I presume were 'geontlemen, who suf fored and :received unfair treatment, 1 Iduo.ieto' thbS.EistOnc' of-tifis:liinrfare, it might reasonably be asked, Where! oh, where. .are they ? Had the predecessors of the present occupants at the institute pursued tho same .miserable trimming tactics the medical .dispensary instead of the Northpfi~g M~edical Association would have legn defunct, and Nos. IX and and X, by which they are. designated and better known to the public, would have had no positions to occupy in Neowastle. Independently of the circular en closed I will take the statements made by the opposing representatives at the late trial-statements on oath be. it remembered, which appeared in your columns of 6th March, 1891, and in which his Honor stated, " He liked to hear the merits of a case, and sift thle points accordingly." . - Friendly societies' representative: "In a con versation about his duties I gleaned that he was in sympathy with the Medical Associatiori. . I asked if he was a' member and he .said that .ho was not, but that his sympathy was with the combination. I thea said to him, 'You :are not yet in our employ, and if you will take my advice you will not accept it, as a man with your views will never .do.'" Medical representative : Witness denied that the medical .men had boycotted Dr. Ferguson, but they- :paissed a resolution that in the event of the plaintiff being dismissed they would not meet his successor. This will re fresh and attract the public mind to the truly boycotted, and accounts for the munerous and still-coming successors, and the respective .representa tives who' gave this evidence on .oath may be left to discuss and adjust the'little problem while the public look on. ; If the contention and course of policy pursued by Nos. IX and X is approved of by their em ployers, in the face of the foregoing diametrically opposed evidence, the public, as well as the friends of those who have. been sacrificed and cruelly driven from Newcastle, are likely to become insurrectionists, so far as the management is concerned. Nos. IX and X, however, with their employers, the N.U.F.S.D. committee, and their constituents may be left to work this out witlh the public also looking on. Apart from them, however, it is equally understood in the necessary quarter -that one of their medical officers is not a free agent in the mat ter. I am sorry he is leaving New castle, becanse the untruthful and spiteful means whereby he tries to blind the people's optics will not prevent the facts of the hospital dis pute, and what largely helped to lead up to it, becoming public property, if he will only, pro ternm., possess his soul in peace. His successor, already diagnosed, will take office with 'a just appreciation of preceding events, and will have no excuse to state outside thle institute that he was betrayed into accepting the post. From the depths of my " wretched heart" I close with an humble suggestion to the commit tee and subscribers of the hospital for their consideration. Avoid the jealou sies generated, and the expenses in curred, by contested elections to the staff, and let the same be composed of all the legally qualified men in New castle and suburbs, including the 'Fri6ndly Societies' junior medico and his prospective colleague, and trust to the moral fibre of the: people to sup port a deserving institution.-I am, &c.;, Q T ' .. tIY E(2)., 