BOOKS AND READING. BY EEV. J. C. EIEI3Y. " Of making many books there is no end, and much study is a weariness."—Eccles, xii. 12. SOLOMON thought many books were made in his days. What wonld that wise king have thought if he had lived nowadays, and had seen the multitude of books constantly being made and sent forth? The writing and printing of books is constantly increasing. Books come forth from the great publishing houses in abundance, and by mails and post-offices and the noble army of booksellers are scattered like snow over the world. Wherein does the present differ from the past? Well, one of the greatest differences of past and present is the vast abundance of books nowadays. If there had been a large number of books in the oldeD time, they would have been useless, because the enormous mass of the people could not read. Thanks to the systems of public and national instruction in Western Europe and North America, the great majority can read. The same may be said of Australia. It may be said that this is the first generation in which all can read, and especially it is the first in which all women can read. Now the women, once vastly inferior, are slightly superior in the proportionate number of readers. The signs of the times are that, aided by the missionaries and the Governments, all nations will soon be readers except the Russians, whose rulers, for their own purposes, keep them in ignorance. Sing together, sing together, ye writers, printers, and publishers; soon all the nations will want books. Encrmous are your future profits of trade. THERE ARE BA.D HOOKS. Among others, the young lawyers and their clerks form one of the regiments of volunteers in London. I have read that they call themselves " Satan's Own." Whether they do call themselves this I cannot certify, but this I do know, that there are many books which are indeed " Satan's Own." They defend the kingdom of evil, and are the soldiers of perdition. Be not simple, and fancy that all books are good just because they are printed. It is quite possible to print malicious untruths, deadly errors, and evil temptations. There are books written by men and women of literary genius full of fire and inspiration, but the fire is from hell and the inspiration is from the Evil Spirit. There are books which defile the mind with base and impure imaginations, and kindle unclean passions to uncontrollable madness. There are books against God and chastity, Christ and justice, which hold holiness up to scorn and defame the noble. Shun such books as you would shun deadly vipers. Young people, beware, of bad books. There is a nasty, wicked sort of person in the world who is very fond of lending a bad book—a known had book. If any one ever offers to lend you such a hook, you will do well to be angry with virtuous anger, and ask such a person if they desire to insult you, or wish you to have a defiled mind ? There are persons who seek to make an unclean living by selliug such books. If any of them come to you, tell your father or your mother about it. Heads of families should keep a sharp look out for bad books, and if you find any, put them at once into the fire. Only take care that they are bad books. WHAT ABOUT NOVELS. Well, most people like a novel; that is a prose work of imagination, and have done so in all ages. They have found novels in the buried cities of Nineveh and Babylon, and in the papyrus scrolls of Egypt. Satan has a set of novels which teach and support evil. Never read these. God and Christ have a set of novels which support God's Kinghom, and all that is fair and lovely, and of good repute. " The Pilgrim's Progress" is one of God's novels. This has been translated and published in nearly all languages, and has led many sinners to seek salvation, and has helped many pilgrims on their journey to the heavenly Jerusalem. I hope that you have all read "The Pilgrim's Progress." It is one of the greatest of books—one of the chief glories of English literature. In it you find character depicted by the hand of a Master, and the choicest and strongest and sweetest English. " Uncle Tom's Cabin" was one of God's novels and was a chief weapon in the hand of the Almighty in the destruction of negro slavery. It melted the world to tears, and afterward roused the North to a resolution to make an end of slavery. What a wondrous power lies in that book for good! "Who can read the death of Evangeline or of Uncle Tom without feeling the presence and power of the Holy Ghost. No Christian father and mother could wish their boys and girls to fall under a holier ornobler influence than that of Mrs. Emma Jane Worboise. One old member of this church and congregation. bought all Mrs. Worlbojse's books on purpose to lend, and lent them rouiid for years.v • Only eternity will show the. good dbrio by this'good work, ffatb^rs^nd'mot! should have a care about what novels fall into their children's hands. They should only allow them these books through safe hands. In this connection I should like to pay a tribute to Mr. Rose, the Librarian of the Port Institute, for I"feel that this district is under great obligation to him for his management of the Port Institute. Mr, Rose has not been narrow; he has sought to secure the best works of the best authors, but he is very careful that no improper books shall be found in the library. Parents may have confidence in the books to be found in this library, and I may say that, as a whole, we have a library in the Port of a first-rate general character, which is a*glory to the Port and a credit to Mr. Rose. I think the most profitable investment anybody can make is to pay 5s. per quarter to the Port Institute. Por this money you have ac cess to a perfect reservoir of good books. Twaddling tales like " The Young Ladies' Journal," which seem to be written by the mile, and come out in monthly doses of twad die aud agony, debauch the mind and unstring its noble powers, and should be avoided by all persons of sense. One mercy is that these tales contain no impurity, but I am glad that there are now journals which interest and enlighten young women in the mysteries of dresses, bonnets, and cookery, and do not contain these iuane love stories. " The Girls' Own Paper" is a capital thin-*. I hope that all you mothers of girls have a care to bring it into your homes. READING SHOULD BE PROPORTIONED. I should not like rice morning, noon, and night. I like a little variety in my diet. Variety is both charming and beneficial. No one should read all one sort of book. Least oE all should the young or old give way to constant reading of tales and novels. People become intoxicated by excessive novel reading, just as they do by excessive rum-drinking. I have known wives and mothers read navels front morning to night, neglecting their homes and children. Persons of that naughty disposition should not read novels at all. There was a lad in the Sydney Customs who read himself into a mania of novel reading, and had to be sk.io up where he could get no novels or he would have become permanently insane. Just before the French Revolution, Mai ie Antoinette wondered that, the people starred when they could buy such nice pastries at a halfpenny each. Even if they could have found the halfpence, the people could not have lived on pastries. Novels are only pastries, and should, like pastries, be used with strict moderation. History, travels, and the lives of groat people, poetry and good essays, should be your chief reading. Rend newspapers so that you may know how the living, actual world around you wags, but do not be a mere reader of newspapers, read books. Do not read too quickly ; some reading is the mere application of print to the eyes, and gives little light and gladness, but destroys the sight and damages the brain. Says one of the ancients, " Read much, but not many books." CAUTION IN RECOMMENDING BOOKS. Have the fear of God before your eyes in all your dealings with books. Think twice before you recommend a book. You must think not only whether o book is good, but also whether the book is fit for the person to whom you would recommend it. There are books which experienced and intellectual persons .may read with advantage which would be destructive to young people or those ot inferior education. Never give the razor aud the carving-knife to the baby as playthings ; babes in understanding should not have many books which are profitable to persons of capacity. They will as surely injure themselves as the babe would injure itself with the carving-knife. GOD'S OWN BOOKS. Aa there is a regiment of books, " Satan's Own," which march and war under the black flag of perdition, and seek the moral and eternal ruin of them that read, there is a grand regiment of books which mny be called- " God's Own." These march under the banner of the Cross, and tend to the enlightenment and salvation of them that read. Among these are the great poet,s Chaucer,"Shakespeare, Milton, Dryden, Young, Pope, Goldsmith, Wordsworth, Tennyson, and Browniug; the great works on history, travel, and science, and also the great masterpieces of the great Christian theologians. But the Book of books is the Bible—that Book which is filled with the breath of the Holy Ghost, and which is so nourishing to all that is good and noble in the soul of man. The Bible is the only book which is able to make us wise unto salvation. In all your reading make a place for Bible-reading, and, when you read, learn, mark, and inwardly digest. Of the Bible Sir Walter Scott said— " Within this awful volume lies The mystery of mysteries ; ^Happiest they of human race To whom-their God has-given graca To readj to fear, to hope, to pray, To lift the latch, to force thei way ; * And better they had ne'er besep born MrfeP:^*^ to doubt or read,to .scorn." 