THE SORCERESS. Bt mrs. oliphant, Author! of "The Chronicles of Carlino ford," "whiteladiks," "adam graeme," etc ' , ' All Rights Reserved. Chapter XX. Mrs.; Kingsward said nothiiiB of tho com munication lier husband had made to hor. Did " she understand it ? Ho went about heavily all day pondoring tho matter, going and ooming to her room, trying, in vain to make out what was in her mind. But hp could'not divine what was in that mind, hidden froin him in those veils of individual existence whioh never seemed to him to Iiivvo been so baffling bofore. In tile aftornoon she had hoard somehow the voices of the elder bpys, and iiad asked if tiiey wero tiiore, and had sont for thetn. Thin tu,o M., r«itn .1. _ mud on their boots and the scent of tho frosh air about them, Btood huddled together spoccti- less with owe and grief by the bedside when their father came in. They did not know what to say_ to thoir motiicr in such circumstances, lliey had never talked to her about horsolf, but always about themselves, and now they were entiroly at a loss after they had said, "How are yon, mamma ? Aro you very bad, mamma ? Oh, I m so sorry ' and " Oh, I wish you wero better." What could boys of 12 and 14 any 1 For the moment they felt ns if their hearts wero broken, but tlioy did not wont to stay there ; they hail nothing tosny toiler. Thoir pang of sudden trouble was confused with shyness and awkward ness, and their consciousness that she was altogether in another atmosphere and another world. Mrs Kingsward was not a clover woman, but she understood miraculously what was in those inarticulate young souls. She kissed them both, drawing each olose' to her for a moment, and then bade them run away. " "Wore you having a good gamo ? " she said, with that in effable feeble smile. "Go and finish it, my darlings." And they stumbled out very awkwardly, startled to meet their father's look as they turned round, and greatly disturbed and mystifiod altogether, though oonsoled somehow by their mother's look. They said to each other after a while that she looked "jolly bad,", but that she was in Buoh good spirits it must be all right. Thoir father was as much mystified as they, but he was troubled in consoiouce as, if he had not spoken plainly enough, had not made it olear enough what " hor state " was. She had not asked for tho clergy mail — she had not asked for anything. Was it necessary that ho should speak again ? There was one thingslio had ncai her, but tiiat so fantastic a tiling, — a photograph, one of the quantities of such rubbish the girls and she had brought home— a woman wrapped in a mantle floating in the air. " Take that tiling away," ho said to Moulsey, It irritated him to see a frivolous thing like that —a twopenny-halfpenny photograph — so near his wife's bod.' "Don't take itaway,"she said, in the whisper to whioh hor voice had sunk, " it givos me such pleasure.", "Pleasure I" lie cried, even to speak of pleasuro was wrong at suoh a moment. And then lie added, " Would you like ino to road to yon ? W ould you like to see anyone ? " "To see anyone? Whom should I wish to see but you, Edward, and the ohildren?" " Wo haven't been— so religious, my dear, as perhaps wo ought, "stammorcd tho anxious man. 1 If I sent for — Sir. Baldwin perhaps, to read tiie prayers for tho siok and— and talk to you n little?" She looked at him with some wonder for a moment, and then she said with a smile, " Yes, yes ; by all means, Edward, if you will like it." " I shall certainly like it, my dearest ; and it is right— it is what wo should all wish to do at tho " He could not say at the last— he could not say when, wo ore dying — it was too- much for him ; but certainly she must under stand now. And he went away hurriedly to call the clergyman, that no more time might be lost. " Moulsey," said Sirs. Kingsward, " have we come then quite — to the end now ? " " Oh, ma'am I Oh, my dear lady ! " Bloulsby said. ' " Sly husband— seems to think so. It is a little hard — to leave , thorn all. Whore is Boo?" "I am hero, mamma," said a broken voice; and tho mother's hand was aaught aud hold tight, as she liked it to be. " Slay Betty come too !" "Yes, lot Betty come too. It is you I want, not Sir. Baldwin." ' "Mr. Baldwin is a. good man, ma'am. He'll : bo a comfort to thorn and to the colonel." ' " Yes, I suppose so ; ho will bo a comfort to— your father. , But I don't want anyone. 1 haven't done vory muoh harm— " "No! oh no, ma'am, nono !" said Bfoulscy, while Botty, thrown on her knees by the bed side, tried to smother her sobs, and Bee, worn out and feeling ns if sho felt nothing, sat and hold her mother's hand. "But then," she said, "I've never, never, done any good." " Oh ! my .dear lady, my dear lady ! and all the poor poople and all tho children." " Hush ! Bloulsey. I never gave anything — not a bit of bread, not a shilling— but bocause I liked to do it. Never I oil, never! from any good motive.' I always liked to do it. It was my pleasure. It. never oost me anything. I have done no good in my life. I just liked tho poor ohildren, that was all, and thought if they wore my own— Oh ! Boo and Betty, try to be bettor women — different from me." Botty, who was- so young, crept nearer and nearer on lior.kuecs, tjllshe came to the head.of . the bed. Sho lifted up her tear-stained face; . "Slotheriob, mother! aro you frightened !" she cried.- - - ' ' ' ' Sirs.. Kingsward put forth her other arm and ; . put it feebly round the weeping girl. "Porhaps I ought to be— perhaps I ought to he j" she said, with a little thrill and quavor.' ' "Mother," said Botty, pushing closer and closer, almost pushing Boo away, " if I had been - wioked, evor so .wioked, I shouldn't be frigh tened for you." "A heavenly smilo oamo ovor tho mother's face. " I should think not, indeed." And then Batty, in the silence of tho 'room, put her hands together, and said, very softly, ' Our Fathor, whioh art in Heaven — : "Oh, ohildren, oliildron, cried Moulsey, "don't break our hearts! She's too weak to boar it. Leavo her alone." . "Yes, go away, children dear, go away. 1 I have to rest— to seo Sir. Baldwin." Then she smiled, and said in gasps, "To tell the_ truth— I'm— I'm not afraid ; look—" She pointed to the picture by her bedside. " So easy — so easy 1 just resting — and the Saviour will put out his hand and take me in." Mr. Baldwin came soon after, the good rector, who was a good man, but who believed be bad the keys, and that what be bound on earth was bound in heaven — or, at least, he thought be believed so— with Colonel Kingsward, who felt that be was thus fulfilling all righteousness, and that this was the proper way in which to approach the everlasting doors. He put away the little picture iu which Catherine of Sienna lay in the hold of the angels, in theperfect peace of life accomplished, the rest that was so easy and so sweet— hastily, with displeasure and contempt He did not wish the rector to see the childish tbing in which his wife had taken pleasure, nor even tbat she had been taking pleasure at all at such a solemn moment ; even tbat she should smile the same smile of welcome with which she would have greeted her kind neighbor had she been in her usual place in tbe drawingroom disturbed her husband. So near death and yet able to think of that ! He watched her face as the rector read tbe usual prayers. Did she enter into tbem, did sbe understand them? He conld scarcely join in them himself in his anxiety to make sure that sbe felt and knew what was her " state, " and was preparing— preparing to meet her God. That God was awaiting severely the appearance of that soul before him, tbe colonel could not but feel. He would not bave said so in words, but tbe instinctive conviotiou in his heart was so. When she looked round for tbe little picture it hurt him like a sting. Oh, if she would but think of the things that concerned her peace — not of follies, childish distractions, amusements for tbe fancy. On her side the poor lady was conscious more or less of all that was going on, understood here and tbere tbe prayers that were going over ber head, prayers of others for her, rather than anything to be said by herself. It tbe midst of them, she felt herself already like St. Catherine, float ing away into ineffable peace, then coming back again to hear the sacred words, to see the little circle round ber on their knees, and to smile upon them in an utter calm of weakness without pain, feeling only that they were good to her, thinking of ber, which was sweet, but knowing little more It was the most serene and cloudless night after this terrible day. A little after Colonel Kingsward bad left the room finally and shut himself up in his study, Moulsey took the two girls out into the garden, through a window which opened upon it. "Children, go and breathe the sweet air. Ill not have you iu a room to break your hearts. Look up yonder — yonder whore she's gone," said the kind nurse who had done everything for their mother. And they stole out — two little ghosts, overborne with the dreadful burden of humanity, the burden which none of us can shake off, and crept across the grass to the seat where she had been used to sit among the children. The night was peace itself — not a breath stirring, a young moon with something wistful in ber light looking down, making the garden bright as with a softened ethereal day. A line of white cloud dimly detached from the softness of the blue lay far off towards the west amid the radiance, a long faint line as of something in the far distance. Bee and Betty stood and gazed at it with eyes and hearts overcharged, each leaning upon the other. Their young souls were touched with awe and an awful quiet. They were too near the departure to bare fallen down as yet into tbe vacancy and emptiness of reawakening life. "Oh," they said, "if that should be her !" And why should it not be? Unless perhaps tbere was a quicker way. They watched it with that sob in the throat which is of all sounds and sensations the most over- whelming. It seemed to tbem as if they were watching her a little further on her way, to the very horizon, till the soft distance closed over, and that speck like a sail upon the sea could be seen no more. And when it was gone they sank down together upon her seat, under the trees she loved, where tbe children bad played and tumbled on the grass about her, and talked of ber— in broken words, a little phrase now and then, sometimes only "Mother" or "Oh, mamma, mamma," now from one, now from another— in that first extraordinary exaltation and anguish which is not yet grief. They did not know how long they had been there when something stirred in the bushes, and the two big boys, Arthur and Fred, came heavily into sight, holding each other by the arm.; The boys were bewildered, heavy and miserable, not knowing what to do with them selves nor where to go. But they came up with a purpose, which was a little ease in the trouble. It cost them a little convulsion of reluctant crying before they could get out what they bad to say. Then it came in broken words from both together. " Bee, there's someone wants to speak to you — at the gate." " Oh, who could want to speak to me— to night ? I cannot speak to anyone; you might have known." " Bee," said Arthur, the eldest, " it isn't just — anyono; it's— we thought you would per- hapei — — ' " He told us," said Fred, "who he was ; nnd begged so hard " Then there came back upon poor Bee all tho other trouble that she had pushed away from her. Her heart seemed to grow hard and cold after all the sottening and tenderness of this dreadful yet heavenly hour. " I will see no one, no one," she said. "Bee," said the boys, "wo shut the gate upon bim ; but he took hold of our bands, and — and cried, too." They had to stop and swallow the sob before cither oould say any more. 1 ' He said she was his best friend. He said he couldn't bear it, no more than us. Andlfyou would only tpeak to him " Boo got up from her mother's seat, her poor little heart swelled in ber bosom as if it would burst. Oh, how was she to bear all this, to bear it all, to have no one to help her. " No, no, I will not. I will not," she said. "Oh, Boo," cried Betty, "if it is Aubrey — poor Aubrey. Sho was fond of him. She would not like bim to be left out. Oh, Bee, come, come and speak to him. Suppose one of us were alone, with . nobody to say mother's name to." " No, I will not," said Bee. " Oh, Betty, mother knows why— she knows." " What does she know ?" oried Betty, plead ing. "She was fond of him. I am fond of bim without thinking of you, for mother's sake." "Oh, let me go.. I am going in, I am going to her. I wish, I wish she had taken me with her. No — no — no — I will never Bee him more." "I think," said Betty to the boys, pushing them away, " that she is not quito herself. Tell bim she is not herself. Say she's not able to Bpeak to anyone, and we can t move her. And —and give poor Aubrey — ob, poor Aubrey, my love. " . The boys turned away on their mission, cross ing the gravel path with a commotion of their heavy feet whioh seomed to fill tho air with echoes. Colonel Kingsward heard it from his study, though that was closed up from any in fluence outside. He opened his window and came out, standing a black figure surrounded by the moonlight. "Who is there?" he said. "Are there any of you so lost to all feeling as to be out in the garden of all nights in tho world on this night ?" Chatter XXL Aubrey Leigh bad been living a troubled lifo during tbe time which bad elapsed since the swallowing up in the country of the family in which be had become so suddenly interested, of which for a short time he had felt himsetf a member and from which as he felt he could never be separated, whatever arbitrary laws might be made by its head. When they dis appeared from London, which was done so suddenly, he was much cast down for a moment, but as he had the fullest faith in Bee and was sustained by her independence of character and determination to stand by him whatever happened, he was, though anxious and full of agitation, neither despairing nor even in very low spirits. To be sure there were moments in which his heart sank, recalling the blank counte nance of the father, and the too gentle and yielding disposition of the mother, and Bee's extreme youth and habit of obedience to both. Ho felt how much there was to be said against himself, a man who had been forced into cir cumstances of danger which nobody but himself could fully understand and against which his whole being had revolted, though he could say but little on the subject. And indeed who was to understand that a man might yield to a sudden temptation which he despised and hated, and tbat he could not even explain that this was so, laying the blackest blame upon another — to a man, and still less to a woman, which last was impossible and not even to be thought of. He might tell it perhaps to his mother, and there was a possibility of help there, though even there a hundred difficulties existed. But ho was not wound np to tbat last appeal, and he felt at first but little fear of the eveutual result. He was assured of Bee's faithfulness, and how could any parent stand out against Bee ? Not even, he tried to persuade himself, the stern colonel who had so crushed himself. And she had received his first letters and bad answered tbem, professing her determination never to be coerced in this respect. He was agitated, his life was full of excite ment and speculation and trouble. But this is nothing dreadful in a young man's life. It was perhaps better, more enlivening, more vivid, than the delights of an undisturbed love mak ing, followed by a triumphant marriage. It is well sometimes that the course of true love should not run smooth. He thought himself unhappy in being separated from Bee ; but the keen delight of her determination to stand by him for good or evil, her faith in him, her championship and the conviction that this being so, all must come right in the end, was like a stream of bright fresh water flowing through the somewhat sombre fiat of bis existence. It had been very sombre in the early days of what people thought his youthful happiness — very pat, monotonous, yet with ignoble contentions in it. Bee's sunshiny nature, full of lights and shadows, had changed the whole landscape, and now tbe excitement of this struggle for ber changed it still more. It might be a bard battle, but they would win in the end. Whether be, a somewhat unlucky fellow, would have done so was very doubtful— but for her the stars would fight in their courses. Everything would be overturned in the world ratber than that Bee should be made miserable ; and since she bod set her dear heart on bim on bis behalf too the very elements would fight, for how otherwise could Bee be made happy ? — the argument was without a flaw. This was his reasoning, never put, I need not say, into any formula of words, yet vaguely believed in, and forming a source of the bright est exhilaration in bis life, rouBing all com bative influences by the power of that hopo of succeas which was a certainty in such a case. This exhilaration was crossed by the blaokest of disappointments, and threatened to become despair when for days he had no sign of exist- ence irom Bee ; but tbat after all was only a keener excitement — the sting of anxiety which makes after satisfaction more sweet, And then he was consoled to hear of Mrs. Kingsward's illness, which explained everything. Not that Aubrey was selfish enough to rejoice in that poor lady's suffering. He would have been shocked and horrified by the thought. But then it was no unusual thing for Mrs. Kingsward to he ill ; it is not unusual, a young man so easily thinks, for any middle aged person to be ill — and in so many cases it does not seem to do them much barm; whereas it did bim much good — for it explained the silence of Bee 1 And then it came to Aubrey's cars that Mrs. Kingsward was very ill— worse than sho had ever been before, and that all tho family had been summoned, that she was dying. Such rumors spread liko wildfire— they get into the air, nobody knows bow they come. He went down to the village nearest Kingswnrden, and found a lodging there, when this nows reached him, and endeavored to send a note to Bee, to let ber know tbat be was at band. But in tbe trouble of the house this note sent by a private baud, always in tbese days an unsafe method, was somehow lost and never reached her. He bung about the house in the evenings, avoiding on various occasions an encounter with Charlie, who was not friendly, and with the colonel, who was his enemy. Tbese two were tbe only members of tbe family visible outside tbe gates of Kingswarden — until he managed to identify the two boys, whose disconsolate wanderings about pointed tbem out to bim, and wbo did not know, therefore bad no hostility or sus picion of the stranger who inquired after their mother so anxiously. Everybody inquired after their mother. It was nothing strange to them to be stopped on the road witb this question. It was thus that at lost, hearing the final blow had fallen, Aubrey had ventured to eond a message, to ask for a word from Bee. The thought of wbat the girl must be sufforing in her first grief, and to feel himself so near her — almost within hearing, yot altogether shut out — was more than Aubrey could bear. He pushed in within the gate, into the shelter of the shrubbery, and tbere be stopped short bound by _ Invisible restraints. It was the home of his love, and yet it was the house of bis enemy. He could not take advantage of tho darkness of the night and of the misery of the moment to violate the sanctuary of a man soul stricken by suoh trouble. But from whore be stood he could see the little group of shadows under the tree. And how could he go away, .and not say a word to her — not take her in his arms, tell her bis hearf was with ber, and that be was a mourner too. "Ask Bee to speak to me. Ask her to speak to me— only for a moment. I am Aubrey Leigh," he said to the two brothers, taking an arm of each, imploring tbem. Tbe boys did not know much about Aubrey Leigh, but still they had heard tbe name. And tbev were overawed by his earnest ness, the sound of hiB voice, which, full of passion and feeling as it was, was strange to their undeveloped consciousness. They took bis message, as wo bave seen, and then there came a mysterious moment wbicb Aubrey oould not understand. He could hear what was said, but be was conscious of a resis tance, of denial, and that Bee did not make a step towards bim ; that she reooiled ratber than advanced. Though ho oould scaroely see anything distinotly ho oould see that— that there was no impulse towards bim, but rather tbe revcrso ; tbat Bee did not wish to come. And then the harsh voice of the colonel broke the spell of the quiet — of the mournful tranquil night, wbioh it was so easy for a roused imagination to think was penetrated, too, by tho sentiment of sorrow and of pcaoe. The colonel's voice put every gentler vision to Sight. " Is it possible that any of you ore out here in the garden — of all nightB in the world on this night." Oh, the very night of all nights to be there, in tho first awe and silence, watch ing her pass, as it were, to the very gates of heaven ! Peihaps it was unawares from Bee's mind that this idea came to his — to watch her ascending, trailing clouds of glory, aa the poet said ; but that was tho spirit coining, not going. These thoughts flewthrough hismindin tbesbock and irritation of the colonel's voice. And then the shadows under the tree seemed to fly away nnd disperse, and silence fell upon all around, the groat ghostly trees standing up immovnblo like muffled giants in the moonlight, their Bhadows making lines and heavy clumps of blackness on the turf, the late roses showing pale in the distance, the garden paths white and desolate. A moment more, and the harsh sound, almost angty, of the colonel's window shutting, of bolts and bars, and a final closing up ot everything, came unkindly upon the hushed air, And then the moonlight reached the shut up bouse, all unresponsive, with death in it, with one faint light burning in the laigc window up stairs, showing where the gentle inmate lay who needed light no more. Strange prejudice of humanity that puts out all the lights for sleep, but surrounds death with them, that no careless spirit may mistake for a common chamber tho place where that last majesty lies. Aubrey stood alone in this hushed nnd silent world. His heart was as heavy as a stone, heavy with grief for tho friend who bad passed for ever out of his life. He had not known per haps till now what he too had lost — a friend, wbo would not have forsaken him, not a very strong champion to fight for bim, but a friend that never, whatever might bo said, vvould have refused to hear him, refused to givo him her sympathy. Had Bee, bis own Bee, refused? The young man was bewildered beyond the power of thought. TVas it bis fault to have come too soon? Was it an outrage to be there on the night of the mother's death? But thoro was no outrage in his thoughts, not even any selfishness. It was ber be bad been thinking of, not himself ; that she might feel there was some one whose thoughts were all hers who was her self, not another, feeling with her, mourning with her, her very own to take half of ber burden. He had felt that he could not be far away while Beo was in trouble — tbat oven to stand outside would be something, would some how lighten her load, would make her feel in the very air a consciousness of the mighty love that would cleave in twain The lading of a single pain, And part it, giving half to bim. His heart which had so gone out to her seemed to come bnck confused, with all the life out of it, full of wonder and dismay. Had sho rejected bim and his sympathy ? Was it tho fault of the others, the boys, who did not know what to say ? Was sbe angry that be should come so soon ? But it was now, immediately, on the very stroko of the distress, that love should come. .lit- stood for a long time silent, bewildered, not knowing what to think. Was it possible that she could have misunderstood him, have thought that he bad come here only to beguile her into his arms, to take advantage of an opportunity. It pained poor Aubrey to the heart to think that sho might bare thought bo. Ah, Mrs. Kingsward would not have done it, would not have let Bee do it. But she lay there, where the light was, never to say anything more ; and Bee, Bee 1 He got out of the little park tbat surrounded Kingswarden by the stile near tho villago, some time after, he did not know bow long. He thought it was in the middle of the night. Tho moon had set, everything was dark, and all the cottagers asleep. But time is long to watchers unaccustomed to long vigils, and the lights were not out at the small inn in the village where he was lodging. He found the master of the house and his wife talking at the door in subdued tones over theeventof theevening. "Shewasalways a weakly body, but Bbe'll bo sore missed, tho woman Faid. "She kept everything going. Tho colonel, he'll not have a servant loft as will put up with him in three months. You take my word. She kept all straight. Lord, that's bow women mostly is — no account as long as they're living— and then you finds the want o' them when theyre gone." " Here you are, mister," said tho landlord, " we thought as you was lost. It was a fine night, tempting for a walk. But it's olouding over now." "Oh, no, sir, nought of the sort," said tho woman. "My master here ho never goes to bed afore the middle of the night be don't, and it's an excuse for not getting up in the mornin'. But you'll have to be early to-morrow, Gregg, you take my word, for there'll bo undertakers' men and that sort down from London, and I'll not bo bothered with them, mind you that." " I suppose you're right this time," said tbe man. "They drinks a deal to keep up their spirits, being as it is a kind of depressing trade." " If I hear you laugh again like that !— and the missis lying in her coffin ! Don't you think, sir, as he's got no feeling. He puts it off like witb a laugb not to ery. I was kitchenmaid up there, and he was groom, in the old days ; and many and many's tbe kindness she done to mo and mine. Ob, and suob a pretty lady 1 and sweet —and a young family left just at the ages that most need a mother's care." "They're all ages, Molly, if you come to that." "Well, and don't they want a mother's care at all ages? Wbat would you do with my children if I wns took, John Gregg? and the colonel he's just a helpless man like you are. The only hope is sb Mies Bee will turn out like ber mother. I always thought she favored missis, though some said it was the colonel she was like. It's a dreadful charge for ber, poor thing, at her age ; but if she takes after the missis there will be some hope for them," the woman said, " I thought as Miss Bee was going to be mar ried ?" said the landlord. "Oh, that's all broke off," she said, "and a good thing too, seeing what's happenad, for what could ever little Miss Betty do V Aubrey, who had lingered listening, went slowly up the narrow wooden stair to his shabby little room as the pair locked tho door and put out their lights. He heard thorn carry ing ou their conversation in tbe kitchen under neath for a few minutes before they too in their turn clambered upstairs to bed. " Oh, that's all broken off, and a good tbing too." He kept saying these words over and over miserably, as if tbey had been tbe chorus of some dreadful song of fate. (to be continued.) 