RECALLED TO LIFE; OR, FJfcat a ^Jagnara Oigi for Love. A TALE OP THE OLD WORLD AND THE NEW. tuthor of 'An. Oceaa Secret,' 'Darker than Death,' ' Riches to Bnin,JJ &c.; [Ail Rights Reserved.] (Ccxnmenced in the Evekhtg News ef May 16.) BOOK II.— LAND OF CAPTIVITY. CHAPTER XXIII. The Scuttling of the ' Kangaroo.' — Strangers in a Strange Land. JIIAPTER XXIIL— The Scuttling of the Kaxgakoo.— Stuangees in a Steaxge Land. The voyage from Eobart Town to Mel bourne is now made in 48 hours, and many vessels are, as a rule, met with, on the way. But such was not wont to be the case 3@ and more years ago, and the Kangaroo lieiug a small boat, with very weak engine power, was three days beating up the eastern coast of Tasmania against head winds and somewhat rough, seas, and only entered Bass's Straits on the fourth. Here the water was smoother and the ?weather warmer, and the escaped convicts held a council of war as to what should be done next. Their primary desire was to land alone on the coast of the Australian mainland. They even wished to do tliis as a ship wrecked boat's crew, abandoning the Kangaroo some way out at sea,-for she was almcst as capable of telling tales on them as were her captain, her mate, or the solitary sailor who alone remained of her original crew. What was to be dona with these men? This was another puzzling question. Brad shaw, who was only inclined to- naercy when a merciful course was also a safe one, proposed that they should all three be bound hand and foot in the cabin, and that then the Kangaroo should be scuttled and abandoned when on the point of going down, they, of course, sinking with, her, but only one convict- constable, and he was not the Rev. Alfred Simpson, supported this proposal. George Grant then suggested that all three men should be landed on one of the many uninhabited islands that dotted the straits, with a boatload of provisions, which would assuredly last them until they could attract the attention of Borne passing ves sel ; that then they should steer north, until they sighted the mainland of Austra lia at some point or other, when they should scuttle the steamer and land in one of her boats, such, boat having the name of some imaginary vessel first painted on her bows in place of the word Kangaroo. This proposition of Grant's was at once carried, the suggestion afc its conclusion being warmly approved of ; and the Eeve lend Alfred Simpson theraupon declared that there were a couple of pote of black and white paint in a locker in the forecastle, and that he could therewith change the rame of Kangaroo upon the boat's bows The third convict-constable then made the confession that he had been engineer on board a Thames steamboat in his younger days ; whilst Grant declared that as he had been once able to steer a yacht, no matter in how rough a sea, he didn't see why he shouldn't be able to steer a steamer just as well ; and Bradshaw vowed that no one could scuttle a ship better than a carpenter, and that he was a carpenter by trade. These respective declarations gave the refugees confidence in each other, and so that same afternoon Captain Spence, with his mate and solitary sailor, were landed on a green little island of some acres in ex tent, with enough water and provisions to last them, with care, for several weeks ; and then, picking up her boat, the Kangaroo continued on her course, Brad sliaw, by common consent, having first thrown into the sea every drop of intoxi cating: liquor that was on board, for now that they were left entirely to their own re sources it waB highly requisite that they should keep all their wits about them, as well as a very sharp lookout for all the rocks, reefs, shoals, and sandbanks that Lass's Straits was known to abound ?with. Their two chief dangers were the falling in with any other vessel, and the falling short of coal, for the Ksjigaroo's bunkers ?were nearly empty, and she hadn't a single .^ail to hoist to compensate for her loss of Bteam power. Portunately for the refugees, and most unfortunately, as it afterwards proved, for ?society at large, neither of these much dreaded probabilities came to pass. The most perilous of all the days of their voyage, for now theywere crossing one oi the highways of the ocean, -wore slowly on, and acme where about the ensuing mid night an almost full moon, shining down upon a sea of glass, showed them, about iour miles distant, the long lonelr coast line of the Australian continent, lying, though they knew it not then, between t^ape Otway and Port Fairy. The carpenter's tool chest was now had recourse to, and, with the help of an im mense auger, several holes were bored in the Kangaroo's sides below water mark, and as soon as she began to settle down the boat -was lowered, and the escaped con victs, the men now all dressed as sailors, got into her, carrying with them all the money and other valuables that had be longed to her former captain and craw, a tag of biscuits, aud a keg of water, for -hey knew that they might land many miles distant from a human habitation. Ere they had'left the Kangaroo a quarter ii a mile behind them she went down, stern foremost, disappearing altogether from view. With her there was, at all e vents, one dangerous secret buried in deep Water. In a couple of hours more they had run their little .craft ashore an a beach of fine Ra-ud, backed at a little distance by grey Dili's composed of a kind of shale. Abandoning their boat and scaling these, they looked upon a wild, undulating, tree less track of country, and a single house of some size, the latter being at 110 great dis- . taace off ; and they had almost made up their minds to seek shelter thereat, when they suddenly bethought them of their closely-cropped hair and shaven faces, which, to anyone sharper than ordinary, would at once tell the tale of what they had so recently been. They therefore determined to walk in land all throught the night. BOOK III.— A LAND OF GOLD. CHAPTER XXIV. — Muhdeeee's Gtjllx — Srs Mystebious Sailoes. Pass we over a few weeks of time, and chang« we '£he Bcene to a Victorian gold field GalledjjM'Ivor, a dismal fiat, or nearly so, surrounded by hills, and with a small river, f.« Sr hie li'-in' Australia is called a ' creek?' winding sinuously through its midst, jiand;. ''thousands and thousands or men f*;cra#ing ' and ' panning ' the *' washdirt '-j£falong both sides thereof in order to separate it from the gold, which in either in^aiice is left behind. These men, evidently come from every country under the sun, even tattoed New Zealanders and yellow-skinned, slit eyed, pigtailed Chinamen being amongst tlie number. Englishmen, Irishmen, and canny Scots seem, however, to be by far the most abundant, and the hardest working as well, and these are, as a rule, attired m red. or blue Lraribaidi snirts, moleskin or cord trousers (secured around the waist by a leather belt, and their extremities tucked inside almost knee high boots), whilst slouched soft felt hats shield their faces somewhat from the burn ing sun and their eyes from the dazzling glare. These rough- bearded and bare and brawny armed men generally carry revolvers and bowie knives in their belts, for, hard work as it is to get the gold, it is exceptionally much harder work to keep it, since there are hundreds of idle fellows ' loafing' about the diggings who would sooner grow rich by robbery or even murder than merely take the chance of becoming so by the sweat of their brows. A little way back from the creek is the township, consisting of hundreds of dirty tents and rough bark huts, for in Austra lia the trees change their bark instead of their leaves, and the latter peals off their monstrous trunks in great slabs, which are very tough, and so well adapted for build ing huts with, since a very decent sized one can be knocked up in a few hours. Towering above such primitive and crazy erections are two or three large wooden stores, in either of which anything can be bought, from a satin dress to a red herring ; and several big drinking booths, such as may be seen on English racecourses, each having a flag floatiug above it with its name emblazoned in conspicuous letters thereon, such as the ' Welcome Nugget,' the ' Pick and Pan,' the ' Whip and Whim,' the' Golden Age,' and so forth. In one of these a lucky digger will some times spend as much as a couple of hun dred pounds in a single evening by ' shouting,' or standing treat to everyone who will drink at Ms expense j the favorite beverage on such occasions being cham pagne, at five guineas a bottle, poured into a bucket, then, fortified with half its quantity of brandy, and, lastly, dipped into and drank out of tin pannikins. Then there are also dancing booths, wherein Scottish and Iriah lasses, who per haps not a month ago came out to the colony barefooted, now flirt and waltz in silks and satins ; whilst on their bare necks and arms gleam jewels that would win admiration in a Belgravian drawing room. Near by, too, is the Eldorado Music Hal], wherein fifth-rate variety actresses are nightly showered with solid gold nuggets in lieu of bouquets, such nuggets varying in size from peas to walnuts. The waiters here are, with only one exception, young gentlemen of birth and education, who, having arrived out from home intending to make their fortunes at the diggings, have found that that can only be done by the man of thews and einews, with the arms of a blacksmith and the stamina of an alliga tor. Outside the township, and all over the great plain in fact, are scattered, some tolerably close together, and others a good stone's throw from each other, diggers' tents and bark huts, interspersed with thousands of heaps of earth, some as yet no bigger than hay cocks, but others larger than the largest ricks, and close to these latter rise the ugly shapes of ' whips ' and ' whims,' ' drums,' windlasses, &c;, one and all be tokening that the human moles who have thrown up those heaps of dirt in their search for the precious metal have got so far down into the bowels of the earth that some kind of machinery is required to raise what remains of it to the surface. The gold of to-day lies so deep that it costs as much to reach it as to get at iron, coal, or copper in England, and a capital of £50,000 is considered none too great to commence operations with, but, at the time of which I am writing, diggers often found gold less than a dozen feet down, and very seldom went deeper than half -a 100, 9 out of every 10 of them preferring to abandon a claim, unless it -was turning out an extraordinary rich one, and to try their luck elsewhere, directly anything beyond spade and shovel was required iu the working. In some even of the more shallow claims a couple of men (the miners almost in variably worked in pairs) would be earn ing a couple of thousand pounds a day, whilst all around, even those which lay -within a few yards of them, less lucky diggers would be getting scarcely enough to purchase their bread and cheese with. In euch cases the success of the few often won the jealousy and the hatred of the many, for it was by no means all brotherly love upon a goldfield, and not infrequently that jealousy and hatred led on to jobbery and murder. A tent Tras anything but a stronghold, and a silent slit in the canvas -with a bowie knife from -without whilst its occupants were wrapt in the deep sleep that heavy and long hours of work were so conducive to made opening -wide enough for the eager thieves to creep through, who, having secured their prize, would gener ally bear it off, and as quickly as possible throw it down, and afterwards burjr it in their own claim, from whence it could lie re-dug up and brought to the surface as though it had reaUy been found there. At all events it would be almost impossible to prove the contrary. If the sleeping men woke up, 10 to 1 they were murdered ere they could defend themselves, by the unscrupulous intruders, on the principle that dead me n tell no tales, and then, in the depth of the night, their bodies would be dragged forth and hurled do wnsome worked-out or abandoned mine pit close by, scores of which were to be found in all directions, almost holding out a direct encouragement to murder by silently pro claiming themselves to be ready-made graves ; indeed, a drunken man not infre quently found a grave in them as well as the assassinated one. Murders at last became so prevalent at M'lvor that many diggers carried their gold every evening, and before dark, up to the police camp, ?which -was pitched on the nearest hill, where it could, overlook the entire-plain, and from which a score of sword and revolver-armed mounter troopers would turn out at five minutes* notice to keep or restore order whenever 'twas nesded. There alone was comfort and rigid dis cipline to be found. In front of the police barracks was a tall | flagstaff, from the summit of which the Union Jack proudly floated,1 and all gold placed under its protection was deemed by the great majority of diggers to be as safe as though already deposited in. the cellars of the Bank of England, and once a month it was sent down to England under a. strong escort, there to be homeward shipped aboard one of the great Black Ball or White Star liners, many of which eclipsed both in speed and safety the steamers of those days. But though, as we have said, a great many of the diggers entrusted their gold to Government protection, receiving a receipt for the same, no matter how small the amount, a vastly larger number of them went on in .the old careless, happy-go- . lucky, aad highly hazardous fashion, so ! that there -was still plenty of profitable work for thieves and murderers upon the M'lvor, and they were a elasa of men who, as a rule, did not neglect tneix opportuni ties. * * * * We have said that the plain, whose aspect as a goldfield we have been at some pains to describe, was surrounded by hills — round-topped hills, most of them heavily treed to their very summits. As a rule these hills were intersected, and in some cases riven asunder, as it were, by narrow valleys, or rather gorges, locally called gullies, most of them having ! a stream running down their centre, oft I times in a succession -of little cataracts, alternating with deep silent pools where the ground became level for a little space. Rare places for gold finding were some of these gullies, though too far off from the lively, noisy, rowdy, digging township to be a favorite working ground for the many, especially for the timid ; there was so much more chance of a man being mur dered on his way home after an evening spent at the music hall, the dancing booth, or the grog shanty. One of these narrow gorges was -called Murderer's Gully, because a -wandering swagsrnan, or over-lander, had there in wanton bloodthirstiness killed a harmless black fellah who had found him lost and h^lf-starved in the bush, and ha.d put him oi-. the way to the nearest settlement. Some said that he'd slain and eaten him in order to get the strength to reach suca settlement, but public opinion was at variance on that point. Anyhow the inhuman brute had butchered the poor native who had saved his life, and that black fellah's ghost was said to haunt tho gully, calmly waiting for vengeance. On that account the gloomy gorge was held in universal dread and detestation, and though it was believed that no end of gold was to be found there for the seeking, no one had the pluck to go and search for it, until, at last, six sailors and two women were discovered to be camped there, and to have marked out their claims therein. That they had done so became ere long the common gossip of the entire digging township, and many there were who warned them that their foolhardiness in camping and working in Murderer's, Gully, where the black man's ghost was still thirsting for vengeance, would end in some terrible disaster to perhaps the entire party. The six sailors were, however, men -who laughed grimly at such, warnings, and they -were, in addition, individuals who kept themselves very much to themselves ; and though, after a little while they frequented the grog shanties and . the dancing booths of a night, they drank and danced sparingly, and seemed to have a much greater inclination to listen to what other P eople had to say than to indulge ia talk ing themselves. As to ' shouting,' which is the Austra lian phrase for standing treat, they were as generous and open-handed in that respect as sailors proverbially are, but ere they had been many weeks at M'lvor a strange notion got about, and slowly grew in strength, that it was unlucky to drink with them, and so many people had been found murdered, or had altogether disap peared from, the neighborhood -who a night or so previously had been known to have got drunk at their expense. A good many people both thought and declared that the black fellah's ghost was in some way answerable for all this ; but men, with a more practical and less imaginative turn of mind soon began to suspect that living men of bone and muscle might have a great deal more to do both with, the proved and the Buspected tragedies than the black man's wraith, and the reader may feel dis posed to take the same view of the matter when we reveal the fact that the six seem ing sailors were six escaped convicts from the neighboring colony of Tasmania. CHAPTER -XXV. — ' Shodij) It Be Jack Webb He Wm Not Be Likely To Leave This Hut Aim.1' , Having, said so much about Murderer's Gully, let us now shift the scenes of our story thereto, and, moreover, to the interior of a neat nut of slabs, with a weather proof bark roof, which in its appearance affords a marked contrast to a mere bark hut half a dozen yards away, and a still greater one to the two 'tents of smoke and dirt-blackened and much-patched canvas that stand side by side a little further' up the gorge. Its interior is in keeping with, its ex terior, for it. is divided into two compart ments, each of -which has a rough wooden, sofa by way of bedstead, whilst the outer one possesses, in addition, an equally roughly hewn table, and a couple of three legged stools. A flour barrel, an old box, a tin billy and frying-pan form the re mainder of the furniture, but the earthen floor is beaten down hard, and kept scrupulously clean, and the spade, pick, and tin dish which stand in one corner are almost as -bright as a cavalry trooper's sword. This outer room, about nine feet square, has two occupants at the moment when we Introduce the reader thereto — a clear complexioned, golden-haired, violet- eyed young woman of' 25, with a sad and anxious expression of countenance, and a man who looks at least 40, though in point of fact he is much younger — a man -who is pale-faced, lanthorn-jawed, and bearded and whiskered up to his eyes, -which eyes seem to be sunk deep into his head, aud to hare the expression of a hunted wolf. The woman is poorly, though neatly, attired, whilst the man wears the dress of a sailor, but soil-stained, as are also his boots, and in his belt he carries bowie- 1 knife and revolver, as, at that period, did most diggers. His countenance has a sullen and a dogged expression as he mutters rather than remarks — ' An honest life ? It's impossible for me to lead an honest life, and you should know that as well as ever I do, Bessr. Had Bradshaw and his two mates been able to find the enormous wealth here that they yearned after their greed might have been satisfied, and all things consequently have turned out welL Alas I such hasn't been the case, and so other men's pockets have had to yield the tribute which mother earth witholds from us, and Jack Webb and I have been obliged to help collect it whether we like the task or no. Our lives — or liberties — which are infinitely more precious .to us than life — would have been betrayed and forfeited had we refused to do that fiend's bidding.' ' Would it not be possibie for us four to escape from this place and from, our detes table companions ?'' Bessy demanded pas sionately, yet in a low tone. ' Australia is almost as biij as Europe, and if its cities and townships refuse us safe shelter it has many a trackless wild into which no one could, trace us. For the rest, we are well seasoned to hardships and endurance, and it would be far better for us, both in the present and in the future-7-in this world and in the next I mean — were we to join a tribe of wandering aboriginals, and in time forget our language and even our religion, than to do as we are- now doing — use the one to lure the unsuspecting unto death, and remember the other yet (defy and vio late almost every divine precept that is contained in it.' ' BesBy, don't think worse of me than I deserve — than I yet deserve, at all events — for neither Bradshaw nor that even yet more fiendish parson has yet succeeded in bullying either Jack Webb or me to commit a murder. No, I swear to you that they have not.' ' Then matters are better than I feared ; for last night, or rather early this morn ing, you returned home with your bowie knife blood-reeking and two barrels of your revolver discharged, as I could tell by the blackened muzzles and the smell of burnt powder ; and directly you had gone to your work this morning poor Lucy came to me in a condition of most distressing horror and fear to tell me that she had found her husband's bowie knife blood reeking in similar fashion to your own.' ' Yes, yes. all that was to deceive tha tyrants who still hold us captive as thoroughly as though their handcuffs -were yet upon our wrists and their iron chains upon, our legs. Bradshaw and the parson have many a time declared that they could never thoroughly truBt Webb and myself until we had plttnged as chin deep in crime as they themselves have done. Again and again, they have temoted and bullied us in vain, but two nights ago they be took themselves to arguments there was no resisting, aiid last night we came home with our knives covered to their hafts in a fellow creature's blood, which not only did we show them, but also the dead body of our supposed victim.' ' Your supposed victim ?' exclaimed Bessy, -with a shudder of apparent doubt. ' Yes,' answered Grant', ' we came across a poor wretch whom somebody else had butchered — a common enough incident on the M'lvor now-a-days — so it was a dead body, though etill a warm one, which we thrust our knives into and fired our revolvers over. Fortunately those -who had slain him were alarmed by some cause or other into making of£ before they had robbed him, and so a goodly booty fell to our share. It more than aught else convinced Bradshaw and his two mates that the man had really been our victim, and Ben was quite amiable as he remarked to Webb and myself : « Now that you have had your baptism, of blood you are at last really one of- us. We can now hang you two as easily as you can hang us three, and so, being- birds of the same feather — crimson feather — we can fully trust «ach other, and for the allsuffi cient reason that no longer can a single man-jack -of us hope to win pardon from the Government by betraying his mates j' and then they all laughed, and Jack and I were the heroes of the hour.' ' Oh,Georg«, when your prison-door was burst open at Port Arthur, and you were told that .you -were free, I heard one. of you— I know ' not which — exclaim in accents of thanksgiving * Recalled to Life!' Alas, it seems to me now that you were preserved for a living death — a moral death at all events.' (TO BE CONTDrtJED.) 