A WONDER OF WONDERS. professor richard ih mel bourne. some marvellous cures. They camo to scoff, bat remained to pray. This might truly bo said of many of those > who attend tho nigntiy tomcat given at tho Atlionnum by lfiofcssor Richard, j of Paris. That is to sty they come as un believers, but leavo tho ball perfectly cou- rtncod of tho ccnaincacss uf the man and of tbe wonders of his cures. As arule, tbero are few more sceptical people than newspaper men who will meet yon when you tell them ot tomethiog of a doubtful nature, with the words "provq it/' In this frame of mind wo muni confess at the ootflct, we went to tho Athcnrcura last night, and it is only fair, also, to confess that wo consider tho professor did prove it, aud that up to the hilt. Of coorse, the usnal crowd was in the ball, and yet a crowd remained ontiido unable to get io, bat waiting about the en trance to hear of tho tnarvclbus cures performed later on. Policemen were busy keeping them back, but in their zeal thoy also endeavored to keep out of the building members of the Athenauim, which was rather rough, to say tho least of it, And then a blundering attendant at the door tried to keep our reporter out— a most hopeless task, it need hardly bo said, for a minute after Tin: IIlraLD found itself seated at the table in frout of the platform. The Professor was hard at it— that is to say ho was giving the English language a treat, and pulling the audieoco into a real pood humor by his introductory lecture. Not that it should bo called a lecture— it was altogether too light and interesting for that. The hall was brilliantly illuminated— it was evident tho Professor did not intend to hide his light or his deeds under a bushel. The sea of faces that beamed towards him bad every opportunity of scanning his work in its minutest details. Aud among tho budicuco were a number of medical men who were quite carried away by the marvels which they witnesacd. Amoug these wns Dr Sparks, of Collins street, who declared that hu had never seen more conuiuo or such wonderful carc3. Amongst t he stories told by the Professor wns ouo of a woman who had not walked for 20 years, but whom he had cured on tho previous night. And," said tho Prolessor, to-day she walked down from North Mclbouroo to thank mo— walked down, remember, dis- dainiue alikoyour trams and cabs, joysomo in tho freedom of her limbs aud dis- dainiog any means of locomotion. And the hall raug with cbcers, and the woman hereolf stood up in the body of the hall to testify to tho truthfulness of tho Professor's statement. Then tho work of the evening began ; aud good work, extraordinary, marvsllous work it was. First a Mrs Williams ascended tho platform. She came recommended by a reverend gentteman of Abbotsford. Sbo had l>een deaf for years, nnablo to bear hcrsolf or any otherpcrson speak, and tho Professor used his magic power, for really it i9litt1c less than magic. Tbe result was that the woman heard questions and answered them, and her faco beamed with delight at tho miracnloD9 re covery of her hearing. Grateful she must ever bo to tho man who cured her, . But tho noxt cttBo was still more wondcr- fuL Mm David Bayno was carried on to tho platform by two strong women. She catno recommended by tbe Mayor of Rich mond, who wrote to testify as to ths poor ness of her circumstances aud the genuine ness of her case. She had not been able to walk or even stand for over three yean — it was a case of naralysts of the legs. The Professor admitted at once that ho might not be ablo to cure tho woman— that it wus a very hard case—" but he would do his best," And his best was the very best— it is almost beyond belief It Is needless to detail exactly what tbe Professor did or how he did it, but in less than ten minatcs that woman got up of her own accord and literally walked up and down tlio stage, amidst thunders of ap plause. There could bo no each thing as de ceit or collusion. Tbe woman came too well -recommended for that— vide the oame of Mr G. W. Freeman, tho Mayor of Richmond. The next cose was that of nn apparently fino, strong, stalwart man. But ho had to bo . carried 1 the stage upon a chair. Lee troubles again. Dad not walked for many years, .no'friends, no relations, un Irishman by birthAnd occasionally took a whiskey. And the, .audience roared as if they envied bim that ' much any way. in name was John Johnstone, and he camo re- commondcd as a genuloo case. "This is an honest ghost, let me tell you." And this case was undoubtedly an honcit one. Dr Boyd, Mr IngUs, J.P., of Fitsroy, and others testified to it. Tho man had no; walked for five mouths. Well, be walked now ; and tbat within twelve minutes after comioc within the power of Professor Richard ? How it is dono we know not. Wo can simply affirm that Itwas done; and n man who was carried on to the platform walked off it of his own accord— free a a bird. Then cimc Patrick O'Dimoghuc. Hi was a similar case. He was tcrou.ntendcd by bis priest— his troublcsalro were those ol the legs. IIo could not waik— indeed ho could not stand— ami like tho others had to be cur ried on to the pluiform. His countryman had suffered from sciitica— Dononbun wan a martyr to rheumatism, which luul kept his tect off tho ground for years. Well, he. loo, simply tluug down lu crutches after ten minutes of the Profrsior, and leapt about the staco with jov, only afterwards to walk off the platform without any assistance what ever, and take his place among the audience, amidst their moat enthusiastic plaudits. This was tho list cure of tho evening, the ocmalndcr of tbo night, t ill 10 o'clock, being devoted to the amuBument of the people iu other ways. How theso cure were effected wo don't pretend to say ; but we do most unhesita tingly affirm tlio truth ol nvcry line we have written, and leave tt to tho public to draw their own contusion. Take it how wc mav, the Professor » a wonderful man. 