tTbe IRattonal Besoctatkm. ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF HELD AT The MASONIC HALL, MELBOURNE, FEBRUARY 24, 1892. Reprinted from “ The , Argus " of Thursday, February ' 25,' 1892. ! The members of the: National Association made tlieir jnriminl’/ meeting,; which was .held last night in- the Kreemnsons’-lmli, the Occasion for . nn itnpo3ing ' political demonstration, representatives of . the Country party ami the newly-formed Voting Victorian ;l‘ulri6tic League joining lorces with theinfor that purpose. Keen interest was taken in the proceedings, and consider abiy before 8 o'clock the hull was crowded, both as regards the lloor space and the gal-i Juries. ‘ ^ The vice-chairman of the association, j Sir. 11. ,:S. Inglis, presided in the absence through illneBS of the president, Mr. .James Mucdougall. He was supported by a number of gentlemen, among them being Mr. J, lb Patterson, M.L.A.. Mr. it. Murray Smith, Mr. •lumes^Campbcll, Mr. K. Langton, Mr. K. Harper, M.L.A., Mi-, L, L; Smith, M.L.A.; Mr. .1, M. Hruce, Mr. \\\\\ Knox, Mr, JI. llutier, Mr. J.G.W.W’ilmot, Mr. 1C.Miller, Mr. J). .U,M‘Gregor, Mr. \V. JC. Johnaton.Mr. J3, Jowett, Mr. V. Madden, Mr. J. Ihiclmn, Mr. A. S. King,Mr. .1. Cutto, Mr. 0.11. Davis, Mr.'G. G. Cres«‘in, Mr. \\*\ A. Keating, Mr. L. Kiddle.. The Ghaikman said theywere met that, night as an association in conformity with, their rule which proviiled that the annual meeting should be held in February. They had been only seven months .in existence,' but the council of' the 'asso ciation . had ' wisely determined that, in stead of having a mere formal meeting for the presentation of a report/they would in vite someof the most prominent political men 'to give their views on joine of tLe ' prominent questions which would agitate tlieir minds at the general election. (Cheers) It was to he regretted that their president (Mr. .lames Macdougall) was absent through illness : but he (the chairman) felt, pleased to preside over so. large and in lluential a meeting. He trusted that a fair hearing would he given to' all the speaker. (Hear, hear), This was a time of importance wli^n 'itl behoved every mitii who had the ipterest'pf; t|ie, colony, at heart to,take one side or the'other. .(Ilrar, lienrj. He moved; tin? adoption of the following report, i—', ! “We Ink** Oils opportunity of. submiMlug a brief report of the assoeial Ion’s opemlinux In ‘order lo conform with our rules. During, ihe .asocial,inn’s existence a number of puhlio meetings have lieon held in tho suburbs to expound our views, witli the result tint utuucrouK brunches hnvc lieen esuiblisliod around the metropolis, and nt the same time.con* stunt correspondence has heen kept up with the various: country districts, where u numher of pamphlets have been issued. The result is that our cause has taken a good hold in tho provinces, ami that our progmmmo has been generally adopted. Tho demrtmeiit of our operations devoted to electoral registration has done very satisfactory work. The apathetic section of tho puhlio were aroused to a sense of tholr duties heforo tho time expired for the fssuo of electors’ rights, the. result being visible in the largo accession to the suburban rolls. This, combined with tho operations of the ltolls Purilleatlon Act, will have a marked inllueneo in favour of the peace and progress candidates at tho next elections.” Jle congratulated the association on the amount of work it had been able to do. it had allirmed, not only in Melbourne ami suburbs, Imt throughout the country districts, the desirability of taking decided action at the coming election. ((Jlioeis.) It had also done good work in connection with the elec toral roll.. It. was surprising that so many young men did not tukeu advantage of their right to vote, hut lie could assure them timt when the new roll came but It would be .seen that there had been n lurge accession to the numbers of, .manhood : sulTrnge votes. (Cheers.) ; . The motion was seconded by Mr. K Madden, ami carried unanimously. RESTORATION OF PUBLIC CREDIT. Mr. -J. li. l'A’iTKitsox, M.D.A., who was re ceived with prolonged,cheers, moved the first resolution. They hail totukemtoconsiderntiou how they desired to bo represented for the next three years ; and tho:tcrni;of Parliament itself did uotby any means exprcBsorrepresent the influence of that Parliament for good or ill. There might be many sections and groups ot parties,; but, in bis, opinion, tho central consideration after all was that there were two distinct.parties in tins/community, (hie must he regarded as the party of order— (hear, hear)—which, according ito the laws of nutiiie iiml the evidences of experience, let! to national prosperity. « (Cheers.) , The other party, by its teaching, ,wus justly entitled to be called the party of anarchy. (,(Qheers and interruption.) Such tenoliingslod to national decay, (Cheers-nhd Xo, hof”)l!. 'riu’^'hiiil had a latter experience of f)ie tin’ce/aVul tyranny of one. party—(cheers nndi.<,“ No, no")-—which had /ripened into-a*. public respect for the other, and they'lin’d'the advantage of knowing, what wns/wmitM.'ftjr the good of the community and'..what',wnsnpt wanted. Now.,was- the. time, to, ispeuk pout plainly and for, public men. to assert wlitife they meant. .He/; could . poiiit ; out,:iv few tilings that,,wo did .not want. . did not want n continuation of;tho.prc8eiit depression, nor the; elevation .;to political power of any set of mien to increase ,our mis* fortunes. (Cheers hnd interruption,.)^ S]iTn did not wish to foster any form of. .tyranny or boycott in this community.; (Choer8.;)ji;,\Vn did not .want to confiscate other.ipeople’a earnings . and shirk ,liability ourselves. (Chqers.) We did not want to, increase! the voting power of the, metropolis,and,cripple the country districts. (Cheers.).f We .wpuld do our best to avoid the calamity of.,banding over the government of this beautiful country to a communistic, crowd .who,,were howling about the streets. (Prolonged cheering.) That was very plain speiiUingTTrenmrkably plain speaking. (Hear, ..hear.)Now. i |ic wished to speak of some things,we did want. We wanted to restore prosperity in this,com* munity, and to pay our way ^vith pur own money. (Cheers.) We, were, resolved.,tp maintain order, and to uphold constitutional authority at any cost. (Cheers.): We wanted to encourage the investment of,,capital, sp that our great resources might he.developed} and our products increased. The call ]ist,,as against tlint of .the dividends, wns.an, mb mimble lesson to those who dcsired.to, drive capital out of the country.- .^They.uU- wanted employment to he plentiful and profitable m every branch of industry, and they, looked.<to private enterprise as the, foundation of-sue* cess. (Cheers,), lie might.. say., fuitherr-* although he trusted his friend,;Mr. Shieis, would not be offended—that they...wanted a Government with a policy, and with tlie courage to proclaim that policy.without;pro*i crastination. (Cheers.) And having pr.o* claimed that policy, a. Government was wanted with backbone to carry it out. We had had no Government in this country since the. first week in January, and now the Premier, iv was authoritatively stated, would make no speech until the llltli March. That was flouting the community.; Close on the day of the general election we knew nothing of the policy of tlie men in {, powers and therefore the other parties had to make : up a policy outsidethe Government, and that I was radically unconstitutional. (Cheers.) I Uc hud given them something like what he called his confession of faith, and he re-1 gun led that meeting as something like a j triple alliance to give a guarantee of peace ; ami security lor the future. (Cheers.) In the; \f ranks 'he''saw before him there were old heads j '/of. wisdom andU'xperienee, and there jwero . jfyouiig men of vigour ami intellect! (Cheers.); LAiid.therefore-tljey welcomed to tins meeting I the Victoriar patriotic youngsters. (Cheers.) j The country party were the practical party | of progress in this country. They desired to foster and eneonrnge agricultural nn:l horti enltural, mining, and mamilaeturing in dustries to the,utmost, and if it was desired to gain the.favour of the fariher .it would he necessary to'recognise’his claims and treat him justly in mutters both of legislation ami administration. (Cheers.) The National Association inscribed on its banner the words dear to the Hvitish race everywhere, viz., “ Freedom and Personal Liberty. (Cheers.) The Voting Victorian Patriotic party unfurled the Hug of patriotism. With patriotism the progress of these colonies need know no bounds. With these three sections or parties combined for good, what advance mentwo would have here;! And,if united to re sist the poisoned doctrines being taught—the (leadening inlUieueo of which was not known to those who prescribed the poison—these ,parties, socopsoliduted,could take into their ranks men from every walk of life. A great deal had been said about the “ one man one vote.”1 Jt ran trippingly on the tongue like the prattle of the parrot, ami a great1 many were caught by the music who knew nothing about,the matter. As the result of one vote we, lmd these hard-working labouring men like his logical friend Mr. Tvemvith in Parlia ment, the mult Mr. Hancock, and the spruce htul kind-hearted Mr. Maloney*' (Laughter.) And yet round the city ol Melbourne and the suburbs from the lips of these men who were continually clamouring for one nmn ' one vote we had many other vain conceits. The thing itself was not so very had at the proper time, hut it. cume, like Hamlet's ghost, in such a uuestimmhle shape that we hud only to speak to it, nnd, depend upon it, it would vanish away. H ever there was n time when wo were called upon in the in terests of this colony to put our minds together, to put Hie national train on patriotic rails, that time was now, and the coming struggle would not he the end hut the beginning. (Cheers.) The general elec tions would introduce into Parliament a number of young men, n numherof new men, nnd he trusted to see a higher and nobler political life, because we laid been drifting and drifting, and men had become inditVerent to the great interests of the colony, till at last we began to look to some hero, or some patent medicine, for rescue. That was a re flection upon our common sense. He felt convinced that if they presented themselves before the public under the standard of pro gress, freedom, nnd liberty, anil if the three parties combined, the public would not be appealed to in vain, lb* was glad to see this large gathering, lb* was glad that, public feeling was aroused. In Prance and other countries the great charge was that the best men did notcome forward. Those men weie ashamed to face a matter of this kind, which was not a simple matter. These men did not care to present themselves before public criticism. He was pleased anil delighted to be present at this great gathering, nnd he had much pleasure in submitting the fol lowing resolution : — “That tills meeting regards it ns imperative for the rcstoiiilUm of industrial prosperity that the credit ol the colony should he hi l engt hened, and with this object advocate* such Increased laxaLlon, coupled with general retrenchment, ns will plaeu tlm nuances on a thoroughly sound • basis mid Justify a, moderate expenditure on reproductive puhllo (Cheers.) ■ ■|3 Mr. R/MinuiAY Smith, who wag feccjycil with'cheers,'seconded the rcsnlutionf ‘ Mr.' 1'ntlerson had dealt so broadly ami com* prehensively with the general question in* voiced in the foundation ami progress of the National Association that he proposed, in following ; that .gentleman, to address hiiu^ solf|!ohiell.v|‘; tci-( the, fuiundinl details sbf (.tW ■ rtjatjluiitjnjwhlch.appeared to him to baja, Ikeries of pretty, well indisputable propositions.^ He supposed no one would deny that credit was absolutely, necessary for the progress of any new country. 1 In propoition as the natural resources of any new country were great, and in-proportion to the energy and activity of; its inhabitants, was the necessity for appealing to older countries for a supply of that necessary capital without which these resources could >not be utilised or that - energy 'demo'nstrated. It wasdesivabte that that supply of capital should l>c judicious, constant, and liberal. With regard to Hie judiciousness of that supply Sir Graham Ilerry m his remarks the other day seemed to think that the Kiiglish capitalist was to some extent.ye* sponsible for our present situutio'm inasmuch' as lie had almost forced on Sir Gmhain, when Agent- General, rather more money than lie wanted. That capital had been lent to us with the implied obligation that we should use it wisely and well, and if wo failed to do so the fault was not with the Knglish capitalist— the fault was our own. With regard to the liberality and constancy of the supply we had hud nothing to com* plain of up to the present moment. On the 1st of January, 1883/ the . debt of this colony was £22,000,000; it was now, or was on the 1st of January, 181)2, 1*13,(500,000. So that in Government-capital alone wo had derived from the mother country in the short space of nine''years 122,500,000. In addition to that—he took no account of the Treasury hills which were to lie negotiated-—according to Mr. Ilnyter’s statistics the borrowing of the various public ami municipal bodies amounted 101(1,000,000, and lie thought it would be a very moderate estimate indeed to take the private borrowings as equivalent to that, .which made np a total of about 131,000,000, which during nine years the colony 1 had received from the mother country. This no doubt was responsible for t\vo,evils— firstly, the excessive land speculation, and secondly and more important, the gigantic j and reckless expenditure to which our I apparent prosperity had tempted the Govern* I incut. The expenditure of 1887-8 was large enough, but that of the following year was : more by half a million, and that again was topped by the expenditure of I881I-1H), which exceeded it by a million and three-quarters. As everyone knew, the reducing of expendi-I turo was dillleult, and the succeeding | Treasurer had been forced into an expendi* ^ title which landed the colony last year in a delicit of over £200,000, which, if increased by un recouped advances, would amount to over 1700,000. I’ndcr these circumstances it was not surprising if our credit hut! rather waned; hut what, it must he asked, had we done wilh ibis mass of money V Much of it, lie feared, had been wasted. (Hear, hear.) Railways had been made, ns ho had heard it said, starting from a publiehonse and ending in n swamp, public i works undertaken which served no useful purpose; and, ns regarded private cxpendi -ture, ipalatial houses and gorgeous shops built. lor which there wore no tenants. No wonder, therefore, our credit laid sutVered to the extent sliowu hy the late Agent* General recently when he called atten* tion to the fact that our TV per cent, dehentures Houted ut 108 were now only sale* able fat *01,>11 loss of 12 per enht.'jwinch mount':ol'Course that in every millipnf \we might .borrow now. we should lose, compared .whir- j Mult* operation, £120,000... 'Another instance was furnished hy tin* city of Mel bourne loan, which during the early period of his own term as Agent-General was lloated at U)1 gross, or 100.’. net, while Lhc Metropolitan Hoard of Works nt present was unable to llout a loan of. exactly the siune amount at tiny reasonable rate. The question was what steps were now to be taken, because credit was absolutely necessary to us if wc wore to go on progressing. The first step that must occur to everyone was re trenchment—the setting of our finances upon mi equilibrium, and making income and ex penditure balance. Nothing produced a stronger and more direct ctVect upon the linancicrs of Grout Hritnin than an examina tion of the public balance-sheets year hy year. When they saw that a country was attending to - it’s financial business, ami making its ledger balance, its credit was re garded as safe, and they hastened to entrust their gigantic savings to the custody of that country. Therefore, mom of fall sides wpuld agree that ,the .first, thing necessary to he done \vas to adjust our linances. ;That1, however, could not he done to any large extent hy retrenchment. He trenehment hastily carried out was not an unmixed good. It was certain to ihtlict considerable hardship and injustice, attd not the least , evil of the previous reckless ex travagance was that it rendered the path backward so difficult. The gaps must there fore be tilled up mainly hy new taxation.,lie himself, thank goodness, was not Treasurer of the country, and did not envy poor Mr. Shiels his tusk. That gentleman would no doubt find some means of bridging over the gap, hut this u.'cer all would only amount to temporary relief. We must turn our at tention to the development of our industrial resources, especially to our export business. (Cheers.) Years ago, both in speaking ami writing, lie pointed out the extraordinary dis crepancy between our imports ami exports. Jn 1800 the imports were £l),000,OUO more than the exports, and though last year this diiVerenee was lessened to about £(i,U(H),000, we had not yet as regarded our exports got back to the level oflSSO. We absolutely ex ported from this colony more in 1880 than in 1801\. Considering the increased population, the enormously increased expenditure, and the sums lavished upon ns by the mother country, was not this an extraordinary and unsatisfactory state of things to everyone in the community ? (Hear, hear.) To, pro duce the change desired we must pay atten-. tion strictly to reproductive work, and, ns a corollary, abandon unreprnduetive work. It was no use digging holes and tilling them up again. The subject was a ditllcult one, and in this connection lie must allude to the. unemployed problem. If we could always make certain of full work ami high wages this would he a paradise lor the working man and everyone else. (A Voice.—“ What do you do for* a living V) lie could only say that he fancied he worked quite as hard as, if not a little harder than, the author oi that interjection. (Cheers and laughter.) An extraordinary error many of these men made was that no one worked with any honour nt all, no matter what u man did, whether he worked with his bend or his hands, unless he belonged to the sacred ranks of those injudiciously ami falsely called the labouring classes, ({’beers.) It would be ugood tiling if the working men could receive good employment at high wages, and lie fully recognised the responsi bility which the Government hud to undergo utu period like this,because theGovcrmentwng iiim always had been, the hugestemployer of R"mljhuf‘ in tlio 'country.' The" 0ov6rinnent ■-"miial.'tiiciytliUilillUiult'siiiiiitioii' iniirdd' tliiSir ‘•'IMl'iW lifsseii the"dopicSsion which' provloua ,1, cxthVvitgniib'ehiid (aiuscd. ; 1( might lie very "li'nr.l oii'Jrf.: riliiiils iiiiil Mr. MnimV to liave to ‘"answer' fdf tin: Mina of their predecessors; lmt • 1 "n‘ ’ tioveriimeiit ■ was eo'ntimiMisp1 mid' must !;it(:eejiL;ita resjamsibilitiesllint the' help of IltIi'*V'(liiVemnieiit iio'iilil only he1 'temporary, "find iiltlst llc'eoiiliiftid.in'the narrowest pos '. slide liiiiits', uiid brought to' nil eml ns soon ■"iia'lpuaailill‘."1'All 'cliiasea were1 in the aiunn ‘"iiont: mill" siilVering alike. There hud •.'been, no "Ulysses amongst them, who lin'd hot listened to the siren voices 'of the' hind liooni, mid hud not found ns u result nil' ntteiiimted income mid uiisntisfne ; tory 'blink Imlnnce. (Cheers mill laughter.) •jTlih'wiige-enriiing class could not expect to • lie Tree from the depression. The wages Imd ' been 'temporarily — only temporarily they hoped—depleted. If the same rate of wages \- were kept lip, it must lie divided amongst the "smaller Tiuniher, or if among the larger '"minibcr, fche’rnte of wages mast he reduced. '! All t|iey'conld do ivas to try to get rid of the •TleprcHsibii as'soon as possible, anil take care "tlintit'dld'nol'ocuiir again. Without having • the1 slightest wish to ipicstion the sin 'ehrity 1 of" ; eaniesfuess of the" labour ■Teiideis,"'lie'1 skid' that1 it was • because they did" not 'appreciate or understand I the impiirlaut fact lie' had just mentioned, 1 Tim! because liny objects they aimed at Were ' impossible; and heeause any attempt at their leiUisation wotild be very damaging to the stiite—it was for these reasons lie' felt hound Oil tin! present occasion, as; he had done many " a time before, to urge a strenuous and united "Vijijiil-ctioiiTo those labour leaders. (Cheers.) ''Tlio'ivnlisntioii of their aims would he more " disastrouseven to the wage'earners them* " selves than defeat would he. Their defeat "would conduce to the advantage of the state •' ut! jiil-ge and to their own class in particular. (Cheers and “ No, No.”) lie earnestly asked all,who thought with him to lay aside all •'iniiihr considerations in the coming contest. "Kvery 'one of them had some particular "Predilection or particular dislike; but "let? them' set aside all minor eon " sidcriitions 'and address themselves to the "tusk',, which' would tax their energies to the ‘ utmost, of restoring peace, progress, and "prosperity, to the country to which v:e bc ■; longed. (Cheers.) He trusted the opposi . "tibii'woiilipbe strenuous, and he welcomed, ' 'iis'M'r.' Patterson hail done, the great assist niViio”which ' the ’ Young Victorian Patriotic ' AssAeiiifion tvils about to render to the cause "of lnw, order, ami progress. (Cheers.) He ' hoped the league would go on and prosper, . possessed ot yoitth, enthusiasm, energy, and "(if eduialtion, which would rightly guide that "enthusiasm and energy; and they could "coinuiit Victoria with conlidence to the "help, "iind guidance ol that patriotic 'dissociation. (Cheers.) He wished belore "sitting, down to say a few words ■ lb Unit very’large class of decent orderly '‘people who professed not to understand ' politics, who went their own road and paid 1 t'i'eir1 dwii Way, and whose political aspira tions, were limited, like Mr. Pickwick’s, to klihutihg with'the crowd, ami, if there were "twii"crowds,'with' the larger. (Cheers). The . tisic was past for that sort of thing. They 'ediilipiib inngi-T halt between two opinions. "lt'wiip1 not sullicient to mean well by their 'eomVtrjvif they never carried out that niean "iiig in' 'any possible direction. Their op ponents, and rightly too, took the trouble to ; get .votes,.. All ought to make up their minds • for "one side or the other. The general population of the country was thoroughly oliv.lfnvour. of progress and order; and .it,they acted unitedly lie felt certain they would he successful, mid their victory would he beneficial, not only orchielly to themselves, I'llut to every man, lie his opinions what they might, who was interested in the progress mid prosperity of the colony. (Cheers.) The resolution wns carried almost unani mously. ALLIANCI3. OF .POLITICAL ORGANI SATIONS :, ; ■ :Mr.;. Hohkht IIakl’KU, M.L.A., who was received wnh cheers- mul Home mild ** bbohooing,” moved the 'following resolu “ That InoMjmoh ns tho solo object of Iho National Association is tlio preservation of thu interest of nil sections, of (ha community, uml especially of the great producing interests, it is In the opinion of this meeting desirable Hint, every effort be mado to form effective alliances with organisations "having similar aims, in order that concerted action may lie taken at the forthcoming elections." It was nbout seven months since ho had the honour of proposing u resolution at tin* for mutton of this association. On that occasion there was a widespread feeling that our political alTairs had become utmost desperate, and that we were drifting into a position which would he disastrous in the extreme, and the formation of that association was the (irst sign of new life starting the mass in this country. The resolution lie had proposed .was one tlmt recognised the fact' that the National’ Association was not thu only exhibition', of n wide and deep feeling about the condition of this country. Other: associations had been formed to achieve the same objects, and it'was bis duty to propose that, while they recognised these associations, they sought to join with them hand in hand, .shoulder to shoulder, in order' to pull this country through. (Cheers.) The‘National Associa tion had been objected to oil the grounds that it was purely a conservative contrivance which was meant to take away the liberties of the people, and that it was intended to promote class interests. Those who made that charge had not read the programme of the association, else they could make no such assertion. This society was loruied to embrace all classes. Owing to the recent course of poli tics, it was considered necessary that new alliances should he formed, and that men in opposing camps should he brought together in order that the country might be saved. (Cheera.) If the liberals lmd not come into the association it was their fault, but he was glad to say that the chairman of the meeting was one of the liberals who had come in. (Cheers.) On the other hand, they hud been told that the association was too neutral and toe colourless. The promoteis of the associa tion showed wisdom in making the pro gramme neutral as far as party politics were concerned, hut there was no uncer tainty of sound as to its objects, which were to preserve and promote the right of personal liberty. (Cheers.) If this as sociation had done mulling more than to bring into being the Young Victorian Patriotic League there would lie no cause to regret the crisis which now existed. In a free and democratic country there was nothing so dangerous as apathy, and the apathy ol tin* young men who would have to govern in the future was the most dangerous of all. They were desirous of co-operating with these youtig men as a new regiment in the army, which they trusted was nmv marching on to victory. (Cheers and disorder.) The National Association sought to promote the interests of all the great producing classes of this country, and the country party in Parliament had recently adopted a programme which in every respect was covered by that of the National Asso ciation. They* ah rejoiced that at last the great backbone of the country—the great producing interests of this country—were waking up to their true interests, and were determined to be no longer sacrilieed. (Cheera.) Nothing would give him greater pleasure than to welcome n fourth regiment which would be composed of those respect able working men—(obei'in)—who were dominated by the Trudes-hull influence. (Interruption and cheers.) He believed that to no small degree we owed the failure of our credit to the thorough want of confidence generated during the last three yours by the belief prevailing that a class of socialistic agitators — (interruption ami cheers)—had to some extent succeeded in misleading a large body of the working classes, and were striving to get hold of the ! reins of Government. Our safety lay ill re j storing confidence, avoiding extremes, laying : aside all the various socialistic and com munistic theories—(interruption and cheers) —nnd practising industry. (Cheers.) Mr. U. D. Mkudku, seconded the resolu don. The National Association—(A Voice: “ National Ass.")—had paid the high compli ment to the Young-Victorian l'atriotioLeague of inviting its members to be present that evening, and the council of the latter had done Mr. K .lowettand himself the honour of asking them to explain why the league was created and how it meant to work. It was only right to take the op portunity of thanking the National Asso ciation, committee, members, and secre tary, who had from the first extended the right hand of fellowship to the league. (Hear, hear.) Chiefly because the National Association was composed of their fathers nnd older friends representing the pioneers who had developed this great country and built up thin great city, he wished to make it clear that the Young Vic torian l’utriotio League hud no desire to supersede those pioneers, or ask them to step aside and allow the younger men to try and govern this colony. The most satisfac tory evidence of this was, that the older politicians did not resent the entrance I of the league into the domain. They I wore, ns Mr. Harper hud said, but a | regiment in the great electoral army, but they would furnish volunteers for forlorn hopes, nnd they would always he found in the very vanguard lighting anarchy. (Cheers, groans, ami laughter.) One point he wished to make plain with some vehemence was tliat they were not uti offshoot of the National Association. The latter body never suggested or started the league, and the league woldd never lie absorbed by it. For years past, since the unfortunate abolition of party government, the country hud been asleep, and there bad been no way for young men to exercise political thought. This period of inactivity lmd been disastrous, be cause the generation which must supply the statesmen and workers of the future had.in consequence not been politically educated. The youm* men were, therefore, politically ignorant. (“ Hear, hear,” and laughter.) This was now to be remedied. The young men were to be taught to take up the mantle of the older men, ami would in time guide this country to the greatest height of prosperity any nation had ever attained. (Applause and ironical cheers.) As the result ot the indifference of the past, power had been boldly bid for by a band of unscrupulous and scheming agitators— (“Hear, hear,” ami groans)—and the remedy tor political apathy was to he found m united notion now. Of 250,000 Assembly voters 155,000 were between the ages of 21 and 40, so it would he seen that those whom the league was likely to embrace were as three to two to the vest of the community, ami had the power of actually deciding tiie ensuing elections. (Cheers.) A number of them imd awakened at last to the fact that they had political rights, and meant to advance them. They were getting tired of going to the alleged logical Treuwith, the humorous Hancock, and the kind-hearted Dr, Maloney—(laughter)—cap in hand, nnd ask ing these three gentlemen with bated breath nfor leave , to live-in their own native land. (Cheering.):- At present, wc wanted: pence, i,notyotcsT-(hear, hear)—work tor the tinem* ,, .ployed, not only the labouring classes, .but tor .clerks, shopmen, and even, some ...employers. That the league would,, do ..its best to obtain. Thu great strength of tlie \- Tradys-liall was derived front the young men (heur,Vhear)—ami many of these could by ' persuasion be brought to see he believed .j.tliut.their.interests were those of the league . —at least that this was our country as much as theirs. They should bo on the side of the '.league—(cries of “ No")—and by proper per* .suasion he believed many stragglers would be won from the socialist camp. (Cheers.) As Mr. Harper had said, the great blot upon our record at present: was cowardice—(A Voice—4* Where will you be when the time comes?")—but the league looked with faith to the people themselves, and'trusted‘that'they would no longer be seen going about whining over the situation. ; He experienced a sense of abasement to think , that Australians, the proud sons of a proud race," should, give way in tliis manner. (Cheers, and a -voice—“ Don't cry.") Just as1 no man spoke of his own private financial uiVairs, so we should • avoid as,/ far as. possible speaking. of; the national. finances, and if they were, men*, tioned it should be only‘to holster up our : credit, not to run it down. Notwithstanding that the league had over 1,000 members, ana .that it had twelve suburban meetings, to come, he had heard it described as a Hash in the pan. (A Voice—“80 it. is.") Perhaps it was, in the sense that it would set lire to a train of' patriotic gunpowder, which-they hoped would blow to the four winds of heaven the preachers of sedition, treason, and • anarchy. The league meant to do its best by organisation to tear this up root and brunch, (iiear.t hear.) 1 The members did not intend that their heritage1 should ile • aceml to the level of -the Argentine Jte f public, ■ and were resolved to work unitedly ion the restoration of- confidence, .THE HOME Fit ANODISE '' 1 versus .one’'man one vote. j.j’.Mr., James Qami’hkll moved— ••ii i« That this meeting Is opposed lo tho principle of •one man one vote as tending to throw the balance of apolitical-power into tho bands of the doss who have (iio settled Interests In the colony, nml advocates tho . due representation of thrift m any reform ol the 'franchise,'* ’ lie had had such a great deal to do recently tvith the one man one vote question, that he |‘was afraid he had got it on the brain. .(Laughter.) Ho had , a few ideas to •■lay before that meeting. ■ Some five 1 years ■ ago lie was in Japan, and'there, near " Yokohama, in the middle of a plain, stood a magnificent idol, one of the ,grandest works ever executed by man, some 55ft. high, and of so majestic an expression •that one had a feeling to fall down and do it 'reverence. Hut on going round to the back, ,nud entering.a little door, one was tempted ito burst into the exclamation of the Yankee on looking down into the hold of a ship, ,Why, the darned thing is hollow.” (Cheers .and laughter.) Lately tv great idol had been erected on the plains of Victoriu. (Cheers, . “ No, no,” and “ Yes; yes.”) We had been ’called)to bow down and do reverence be fore, it., There was a procession, dtcadecl by; Mr., Shiels or Mr. Munro, ■ho .'was : not ■ sure which,; .with a I. 1, 1 . • , . ... dulcimer, Mr. Tremvithwith a psaltery, mid Mr. Hancock * with - iv snckhut—(cheers ntul laughter)—and winding up the proces sion, ns a kihd of anachronism;'came Mr. Maloney with a penny whistle. . (Cheers and laughter). , .This, great. Victorian idol was called “one than oiie vote.” It wn beautiful, very majestic; but when they got inside they found- the “ darned thing was hollow;” (Laughter and cheers.) lie was a great admirer of the th’cory of one man one : vote.' .Startlingas it mightsoiiml, lieadmired ! the ^tlieoiy. ' it\ had, however, two trilling defects. The lirst was that it was; logically false—(Cheers, “ No, no," and “ Yes, yes ”)— and the second was that it was practically dangerous. (Cheers,1 <•; “ No,” and “ Ves.” The theory of the one. man one vote, briefly stated, wus that a ; man was entitled to a vote because he was a man. (Cheers.) Ah, did that not make the great heart of Collingwood respond? (Laughter, cheers, and interruption.■)-. He asked a ques tion the other day ami was * longing for an answer, .The fpiestion was, “ Are there any who believe in one man one vote—who believe in giving a man a vote for his man hood only—who would ! give a vote to a Chinaman? (Cheers, laughter, and interrup tion.) Would they give the .Solomon Islanders a vote,simply because they were men? They knew they would not. Hefore.they gave a man a vote they demanded something else beside mere manhood. (Cheers, “No, ami ‘‘ Yea.”), What made manhood great was not the physical semblance,pf a man but the morn] qualities in a 'tunin', (Cheers and interruption.) Would any gentleman who believed in one man one vote give, in his private business, equal rewards for unequal merits?-. Would they, then, in public affairs give equal political powers to those of unequal merits? Under the existing law they said that no mnnshould vote unless he could read and write.': (Hear, hear.): That was admir able and right, and proper, but did the sup porters of onp man one vote not see that it cut from under their feet instantly the ground that a man was entitled to a vote simply because he was a man ? There were certain qualities which must he in a man before he could exercise the franchise.; und he trusted Victoria would always insist on qualities, and say that men should prove them selves worthy of the franchise, beloreit could be committed to them. (Cheers.)’.There were eternal limitations in nature that man could notovorpass. The supporters of the one man one vote practically, said-they would put aside the laws of nature ami give .till .men equal merit and position. 'Hint was a funda mental fallacy trom the beginning.. 'There never could be good legislation, or a nation built up on wlmt was a false foundation to start with, Some people asked how the best men were to be found. 'That was n practical objection. All the dilliculties that could be w-m» . Wll>’ girding the dual vote were difficulties of mechanism ; but the ditlicully that could be thrown in the way of the one man one vote was that it was beginning with wnut was radically wrong at the start, ami must work out wrong, in the same way as a —n beginning with one wrong figure, A Voice.—What about New Zealand ? Mr. CAMi;m.:u..-They find to remember that the life of a nation was counted bv decades and centuries, and not by yearn ; and they had towuit to see how it would work out l’urthcrinorc, tlio politic'.! Iiistnrr of New /calami was not very encouraging.* (Cheers ) I lie one man one vote was dun,rerotis beenuse so fur ns this colony wus uon"-erncd it was likely to shift the balance of power into the wrong bunds. (Ulieem, ami pro onged interruption.) it wus obvious that lie wns stinging Ins opponents. (Laughter 1 Jheyhiui heard Mr. Patterson aa to theeli’eet of the one man one vole on the residentsnf the country; imdone of themost thoughtful things sf.Ul for ninny .years'wa^llmt.the profit citioa weru coiiwrs^jf’itivilisatuin. ;,\Vhut should be .(tone us ' far its possible was to,, liold the balance Ipf power in safe himds.us against unsafe hands.., They unshed to maintain the ( equilibrium, and,to ,have the power of the j country in jthe. lunula ’of .'the strong solid !. element'of society, which could lmild up a strong national life.', (Cheers.) They/might', ask; how. did the one hum one vote' .legislation; arise. It Was never really demanded by .a great consensus of public opinion.]* lint. jt had arisen, and had to he faced, and it lmd to he replied to, and it had been replied to by the dual vote. (“ Oh, oh,” and cheers.) When first- the dual vote was proposed, it was laughed to scorn by a large section of .people who had no idea of t’ie strength of public opinion behind the demand. They had discovered, as the Americans said, that the dual vote “ liad caught on,” ami what they were now praying for was a com fortable back .door .through which, to slip. (Cheers.) He could not say that the existing proposal of the dual vole covered all , the. ground. It would require to lie amended in many ways—it .would have to he enlarged. There should he a representation of thrift in other forms than that of property. It iwiis an open question whether education should not he represented, lie should be inclined to substitute for the term .“dual vote” the term “ home franchise.” . , (Cheers.) The men who owned homes were tlm solid men—(cheers) — and should have a voting power because they had homes., (Olieeis.) They were the very,salt of the community— the backbone of the nation. In their hands the franchise was safe. (Cheers.) '.This ,was a practical programme, which repudiated the miserable bastard political communism that so much laid been.heard of, and if they made tiiis their, programme they would make the pillars of the state, and set themdown on the foundation - of equity and justice. (Cheers.) » ; : .. ;, / Mr. K.; 'Jqwktt. seconded the motion. (Cheers.) The only moral justification for governing lay in the well-being oF the community. The valid claim (hut any man had to a vole lay not in the, fact that he was a nian, hut. in his.' capacity and desire to use . that vote ,for the' well-being of the community.' (Cheers;) , The claim .tlmt.0every, man . had a , right to the same :.vbtihg, power , was an attempt to establish the spurious' right, of, equality where jiio such equality existed. (Cheers.) 'file real object of the men who were behind this “one niaii one vote” proposal was to destroy the inlliienee of the working classes who were thrifty mill provident —(cliecrs)— to destroy.tlm legitimate political hilluenccof the former and the business man, the politi cal influence of the settled' interests of this country, because theykuew.tlmtHokmgasthis inllueneepfevaileditwouldalwaysstandin the way of their socialistic experiments and schemes of confiscation and disorder. (Cliecrs.) Their real object was not Ufraise the position of, tlm working classesvhut to usurp the control of the Legislature tor their own purposes,'1 to conliscnto property of tin? thrifty classes of the community, and to re venge themselves upon the employers of labour. (Cheers.) It behoved all law abiding citizens to subordinate all party tuid local considerations, and to combine together as one man to resist the attempted domina tion of the “labour party” and their “one man one vote.” (Cheers.) The motion was put, and declared carried unanimously, amidst loud cheers. Mr. 11. Bur ku moved a vole of thunks to thechuirnmn for his impartiality and (irmnesa in preserving order. 'flie motion was carried unanimously, ,and the meeting then closed. . ; i STILLWELL AND CO., FMKTKltB, 1954 COI.UNS STUKKT, '>J 