Lady's Letter from Sydney A shoal of country friends came to Sydney last week, en purpose to bny Christmas gifts. Is not it ?nrpriaiog that after grmmelihg and growling the whole yon— from about the 15th of January to the 15th of December — that 'there is no money' — out comes the pretty gold sovereigns to purchase the tempting goods in Sydney shops at Christmas tide? 1 really think there ought to have been another commandment squeezed into the table* brought down by Mosea from tho Mount, and it ought to have read— 'Thou eh alt not tempt.' Irrespective of the warning to tradespeople- it would prove of infinite comfort to tbe love-sick swains who are attracted, and then hopelessly for saken by hard-hearted flirts, who, when tempting them, have ao intention of being true to them 1 A lady insisted that I should accompany her upon her liberal mission of choosing presents, and de clared that at the risk of forfeiting her friendship for ever, I must look as if I enjoyed the prospect, lain getting just a little tired of inspecting the presents that other people are going to receive, and am feeling distinctly grateful to the Providence which ordained that Christmas should only come once a year. Before we had been to a couple of shops I dis covered the secret of the shopping mission. She manifested the greatest anxiety to secure some ' unique' toy, to present to the little girl of a fas einating widower, who is staying at the same board ing bouse as herself. We soon found most delightful things at the Strand. Indeed there wore so many contrivances to . please the little ones , (for truly Christmas is the ' Children's Hour'). We hesitated between one and another, and at last I spied an or chestra of harea, playing under the conductorsbip of a most wily-looking fox ; and as I thought it was a foxy purohase altogether ! it was deoided to have that one. She would have liked to buy something for the father too ; but I checked her prodigality. It would never do to be too precipitate where men are concerned, I told her. And then I managed to divert her attention to the contemplation of some curious purses, photo frames, etc., made of antelope skin, adorned with gilt corners. This antelope skin is an improvement on the lizard skin, lately so popular. It looks like Suede of the finest quality ; and I liked it so much that I was extravagant enough to order a blotting book for travelling to be made of it, lined with turquoise blue satin, deco rated with gilt clasps and monogram. I was greatly struck by saddles for riding which were made of alligator skin, mottled all over in such a curious manner ; and strange to say found ready purchasers. My friend observed my cariosity, and thought it was her turn to put the ' brake on,' so suggested that we should adjourn to the new restaurant , in George-street for luncheon. It . is always wise to shop ' in couples' for obvious reasons. At last I consented. I detest goine to new places, : and although we had excellent fare, I did not really ap preciate it as much as my old haunt, where for the small sum of one shilling you get a splendid lunch, beginning with soup,' and ending with dessert. I like to be under the friendly care of a waiter to whom I am well known, one who understands how much sugar I take is my lemon squash, and who doos not require to be told that coffee without cream in it, is a mockery to me. After lunch we went into the heart of the town, wbero the brilliancy of the shop windows fairly dazzled us. At the arcades at Farmer's, Jones's, Mrs. McCathie's, McLelland's and the jewellers, some more gifts were chosen. One of thcBe' was novel to me, and struok me aa being a capital Aus tralian present. It was a small silver and glass dish, to hold a lemon, and above it, in its handle, rested a special lemon . knife, made on tho saw principle, which enables ono to cut a lemon with out incurring any unpleasant consequences from the gushing ardour of the juice. And there was a par ticularly pretty electro-plated coffee set, with black coffee beans ornamenting the handles of the spoons and lids of the pots. I was also very much im pressed with a giant hock bottle, most slender and graceful in form, nade of twisted reed glass, with a silver top; and we lingered gazing, at all the temptations for such a long while, that it was only by a good Btroke of fortune that I managed to hail a cab and get my friend away in time to catch her train. I would not have permitted her to miss it for untold gold, because I had an important literary appointment — and ns you know the press is like time and tide, and waits for no man — or woman cither 1 Some women have such indomitable energy at shopping as to make the most fatiguing com panions. ' ?????? : 'i Of Christinas and new year cards there is a be wildering variety. Tho newest and prettiest for Bonding to friends across the sea, are photographic views of enchanting Sydney, harbor, and New. South Wales, mountain. , and river scenes, with sensible wishes printed in gold letters. The poor postmen will have enough to do next week ; indeed already carded envelopes full of affectionate' greet ings arc hailed with delight. ' In some cases, the' delight vanishes when tho postnmn'says '4d to pay I' and the' card remains in the cold. Speaking of presents. Have you noticed how fashionable ?' real, live' wedding presents have becomo lately ? Horses, and dogs arc the favorite animals selected. Tho .Queen has endorsed tho fashion by her gift to Miss Loftus lately of a beautiful white collie, in addition to tho usual Indian Cashmere shawl. In tending recipients of Christmas and New Year gifts' would be indeed surprised if they found dogs, kittens, horses, wallabys, kangaroos, or cockatoos awaiting them in the drawing room I They - would think Santa Olaus had gone mad. But, I think, a pair of Australian love birds woutd .make a bright und lively Christmas box. ' * . . . A word on dress fashion. 1 am glad to see that road sweepers are less and less tolerated, and by the next decided change of Reason skirts will be worn sufficiently short to clear the ground. But tho military clement, in onr out-door attiro is very marked. Two new coats called the ' Cavalry ' and the ' Patrol ' have come in. They are very smart garments, made of cloth of various textures, and rather too elaborately braided. They are quite as becoming as the ' Eton ' coat on young people, and may be worn with a blouse or waistcoat, and serge skirt. By the way, a cotton blouse, and blue serge skirt has almost become an uniform, for nearly every woman one meets is dressed in serge. And nothing is neater and more ladyliko. For everyday wear thore is nothing so useful as a tailor made serge coat and skirts worn with a variety of neat frilled shirts. A -wide ribbon or silk sash wound round the waist, and tied on one side gives a graceful finish to the toilette. The season has cer tainly been one of color. Everything of tho brightest is worn, and the shades are sometimes curiously blended. Boses on hat and bonnets have ntvar been more worn than this year ; and tBey are very beautiful, some that I saw at a garden party the other day, were quite dreams of beauty. In spite of the great variety in bonnet shapes, there are some women who look well in none but a dainty little bonnet. Such women revel in the dear little ' Marie Stuart' shape, which gives such npiquante look to the wearer, especially if she is pretty, The trimming round tho bottom of skirts is steadily ad vancing in favor, but it must bo very narrow; a tiny ruche, a row of narrow moire ribbon, or silk cord is all that is desired. There has been a whis per that leather will soon come into vogue ; ante lope skin having been already used for vests with effect, in England and Paris. I think fashionable women would even wear snake skin if Fashion issued the edict I . Sydney is now nearly empty, so we must look to the country for smart wardrobes; whither they have all wended. But, I tell the girls the only way to avoid misery is to leave your best frocks in town. Country hostesses will be just as pleased to show them to their friends, if instead of rustling silka, common-sense prints and ecrges are worn. Nown days it is much the style in the country for girls to discard their gloves, No doubt it is a comfortable practice when freed from the restraint of town life. But well-cared for hands is a luxury no woman can afford to dispise. It is a good plan to wear loose chamois gloves out of doors, to prevent sunburn and a general look of coarseness ; for there is no greater beauty than a smooth clean skin. The great secret to preserve a good skin is to take constant baths, and wash the faco and hands with water once a day. Friction is a tonio to the akin, therefore use a flesh glove to keep the pores in a healthy condition, and rid the skin of many disfiguromcutg. Wrinkles and crows feet arise from starred tissues. The best remedy that I know of is to sleep in a well venti lated room, and cultivate a happy frame of mind. It ia cnrionB what an absolute necessity change* is to all in the present day. Foople have doveloped a positive hypochondriaa malady for it und the doctors find it the best aure. Change of scene, and change of occupuMon, is a very pleasant prescription —especially (or the over-worked, anxious mother of a large family. Unfortunately there; are''* many whose limited incomes can barely afford to indulge in it once a year, and oar summer Christmas is, of course the time when they naturally wish to get away People have been planning this long while, and although the Railway Commissioners have reduced the excursion fares, still they are too high to meet anticipated trips. What ia to be done in the f aca of the revenue from railways showing a decrease nf one million pounds 7 People must only stop at home;.' At this joyous season of the year, with its round of mirthful delights, when smiling faces in thous ands of happy Australian homes beam in expectation of coming delighta, and good wishes arc echoed from lip to lip — far be it from me to mar tbe general re joicings by brooding over unavoidable ilia, but there are some to whom the wish ' A happy New Year' will seem like mocking their misery. In not a few instances these homes are rendered desolate by the drinking habits ot onr land, and the cries ascend to heaven of countless little ones who suffer for their parents' sin.'' What sad extremes encompass life? At Christmas time the servant problem vexes ten fold the mind of anxious housewives. The cakes and puddings have to be made, and ' that tiresome Maggie, or Polly, either asks for a week's holiday or gives notice !' It is terrible 1 The ' canny ' servant girl has a keen eye to a commercial, and household want, and so sets a high prioe on herself at this time of the year.' In New York now exists a system for protection of mistress and maid. They exchange characters on parting. The- mistress's 'character' shall state whether she haa beon ' mild-tempered or severe, liberal or prudent, fond of company, or not,' so that the in-coming girl will know what to expect. I think my readers may like a few recipes useful for picnics or out-door entertainments at this time ot tho/year. In the hot days of summer. Cooling drinks seem most in request, I will therefore begin with— -.'????' Fbdit Nectae. — This may be made with any kindof small, fruit, such aB raspberries, currants (black or red) blackberries, cherries, etc. Pick the fruit from the stem. Place one pound of fruit in a presurvine- pan over the fire with a quart of cold water. When the fruit is hot enough to squeexe easily, remove from the fire and strain through a cloth. Add the juice of a lemon and a quarter of a pound of white sugar, or . more, if required. ; This, when cold and iced, will be a most popular beverage. . ?; - ,? ? ? ? The following recipe for lemonade powder is very nice when home-made.— -Mix thoroughly half an ounce of citric acid with a quarter of a pound of castor sugar; to this add ten drops of essence of lemon. Mix all together, and put into a well corked bottle. When required for use, put half a teaspoonf ul of the mixture into a third of a tumbler ful of water. . I will now conclude my letter with a few verses from that beautiful poem of the dying fear entitled ' Midnight Ghosts, from the pen of ' Australio,' who was queen among women- journalistaof New South Wales. Indeed, I doubt whether she had a feminine rival in all Australia. The deceased lady was a daughter of Sir William Manning, Judge, of Sydney,'and the poem was written in 1887. It runs ; — Qhosta ! Ghosts I Ghosts ! they crowd around me to-night - I see them come, and I net them go in the old jeia'B fading So eerie they gleem at this midnight watch.'that I fain the hour wonld toll, And the nod old time with ita burden of gloom to the tomb of tho dead-past roll. Ghosts! Ghosts ! Ghosts 1 Palo shades of the ' might have been.' Into the realm of the ' never to be ' are passiufr away unseen. But shadows they leave upon haunted souls will brood through a lifelong sight Till the Father shows the 'wherefore' in the everlasting light. .: Ghosts! Ghosts! Ghosts ! Of kind deeds left undene, And tender words unspoken that some lost soul might have If only we had thought of it 1— hud dreamed of others' woe— Such spectres of despair could ne'er with eyes reproachful glow. , All wasted now and rising up to mock us In their death. They vanish— and new hopes flow in upon the New Year's breath. ' ' . . ? ? Hopes of better things to be in the new born eighty-eight ! Oft' neighbor!' first above ' dear self ' and all the crooked straight. , ? Will it be no 1 Ho spectres come to mock at the New Year's endj ? ? ???:.??.? ' v .-.. .' ???. Can we change our nature at toll of the bell and the old man in us rend? ? ,' :? Alas! Weak mortals must mortal bo and human - beings fail! ; .. „ But the aim lifts upward — one step Is gained— through the ghosts of, the ^undone' wail, , 