GHOST CUT GHOST. | You may imagine that.during my career j as a detective 1 have had some singular jobs 5 given me to work on. There waB one little 2 pisee of business that I always look back ji upon with a good deal of professional pride, [ although the ending was a very sad one. It j was a case of diamond out diamond—ghost, cut'.gho8t, I call it—and tcok up my time for j tbebetter part of six months. About ten miles outside the limits of San Francisco—I’m speaking of about twenty years ago—stood a large farmhouse. Thru house had been vacant for three years before I saw it. The original owner had been mur dered there, and the house and farm hRd passed into the hands of hi3 brother, who was a.New York gentleman- The New lorker being unable to find a tenant for ths house and farm which had passed into his handBj left them to take care of them selves. Now, a wooden house left to take care of itself is in a very bad way, and though for a time the house was not without tenants, they were not sueb as took upon themselves any responsibility for the necetsaiy repairs. Parties of two or three miners occasionally stopped at the house all night; these were its only tenants. But by-and-bye it was de serted by even these chance visitants; for word began to get about that the house was haunted. The panic caused by this report was such that for love or money you couldn't have hired a carpenter to enter it even in the day time. Of course I heard of the haunted house; but as detectives are never called upon to arrest ghosts, I felt no particular curiosity about it. One morning our chief put into my hands a case against an abst on ling secretary named Coffin, Coffin was the secretary of the White j Mountain Mining Company. All the funds j had been under his control,.and he had got away with some ten thousand dollars belong ing to the shareholders. My business was to findhim. .His landlady told me that he’d gone away without his trunks or clothes. The only things that were missis g were a suit of clothes, a stout pair of hoots, one or two clean shirts, some collars, a wide-awake hat, and a black valise. lie had left the town at night. No one had witnessed hi6 departure. Here was a good chance for a detective to work by iba inductive process—from small beginnings to work on and on from clue to due until he bagged his man. All that I could do was .to work all the roads leading out of the town. After about i‘ a week at this I found a farm hand who had seen a foot passenger resembling my man the morniDg ufter he .had absconded, I fol I' lowed this trail and econ became positive that I was on the right track. Coffin was a shrewd fellow. He. had planned the embezzlement and escape care I fully, and had made elaborate preparations for playing what we call the “chameleon game,” that is for changing biB clothing, headgear and face, at every stage. To this end he had possessed himself of a change or two of clothing, a stock of hats, and any quantity of whiskers; and he rung the changes on these very frequently. The black bag was the only thing that I had to rely upon as a pointer. Fortunately, a man on tramp with a black bag was not in those days a common sight ; and I had less difficulty in following Coffin’s trail than might be suppoeed. The first time I beard of him he was a smooth-faced gentleman, dressed in shabby black, looking for all the world like a broKen down gambler going to retrieve hiB fortunes in some mining camp. The next, he was a midd’e-aged doctor, with a flowing beard and heavy moustache. Later on, he waB playing the role of a company promoter, offering to buy up mining claims on behalf of an English syndicate. He was then attired in a check suit, a light bet, and side whiskers. At this stage I obtained positive proof that 1 was following the right man, and I thought I should have no diffi culty in laying my hand on Coffin. My 1 calculations deceived me. I found that he was “doubling.” and traced him almost as I far aB the suburbs of San Francisco, There I I lost all trace of him as completely as if the earth had swallowed him up. Months afterward, feeling vexed and dis appointed, I dropped into a saloon at the outskirts of the town to get a “liquor.” I bad had as pretty a dance after Coffin as any man need want, but the interest of the game supported me, and I was determined not to give it up. There were three or four 1 miners in the bar, and one of them was evi dently greatly excited. His companions seemed to be ridiculing him, and he was Retting what we call “ ugly.” I made my way towards the little knot of talkers and overheard the following conversation: “ So, you didn’t think muoh of your lodg ings in the haunted house, Bill ?” “No, 1 didn’t—no two ways about it,” “ What did you hear ?” “ ’Twasn t what I heard—’twas what I saw.” “ What did you see, then ?’’ “ Why, the doors openin’ and shuttin’ without anybody touchin’ ’em.” “ Nonsense, man 1” “ Nonsense be blowed 1 I tell you they did. And when I drawed my six-shooter and fired half a dozen shots clean through the ! door—makin’ the all-firedest row you ever j heard—the door kep’ openin’ and shuttin’ j and playin’ tunes, I felt like a gone sucker, | you bet. My heart- began to jump so under j my jacket that it’s a wonder it didn't knock I b button off. I wouldn’t go there again for. till the money in the State. But if anybody' here thinks I’m a coward, he’s only got to say so.” It suddenly occurred to me that I bad located Coffin. A vague suspicion of this sort, had, it is true, flitted through my mind before ; but now, without being able to ex plain why; I felt aseured that-, however im possible it might spem, Coffin was the ghost in the haunted house. Beyond the facts that the fame of the haunted house was wide spread, and that everybody knew of its exist ence, there was nothing to support my theory except the maxim of the most famous of all detectives—a maxim destined to assure his after-fame : “ Always suspect that which Eeems probable, and begin by Believing what appears incredible.” I determined to call in tho aid of another detective, and visit the pises next night. I 1 chose for my companion George Webber, one of the moBt esteemed members of the force, a man who had proved his worth. Webber was a mar of imperturbable calmness, and with great confidence in himself. He would have laid bis hand upon the most dangerous criminal as tranquilly as if he had been ac costing a friend. The haunted farmhouse was situated about a hundred yardB from the roadway. What once had been a garden was now a veritable jungle, given up to weeds and bushes. For tunately, although it was ten o’clock, the night was clear. Innumerable stars lit up the flinty sky. There was no light in the house, no signs of its being inhabited. The windows of the ground floor were broken, and some of the doors were open. We entered at the rear. A place of more sinister aspect I never saw. The plaster had crumbled from the walls; the flooring wasrottsn ; the ceiling looked as though it might fall at any time, the rafters being bent as if they supported a heavy weight. The sitting-room, where “Bill” had taken up his quarters a few nights previously, con tained a rough table and a few stools, which had been overturned. I could see that the door which led from it to the staircase had been riddled by bullets. There was a door way in the passage, but the door was gone! The door which led into the parlor opened noiselessly. Our lanterns revealed the fact that the tables, glass and ohairs had been overturned, thrown in every direotioD, trod den upon, shivered into fragments. Every thing denoted that this room had been the scene of a terrible struggle. The keyhole of the door whioh led into the cellar was sewn up with cobwebs. The cellar itself was (oil of dust anddebris. Eaoh ot sis had a lantern and'eaoh inspected for him aelf. Henning along the aide wall, I detected r. wire, and following this I found that it iiisnppeared in an old barrel. • Without dis turbing the wire, I removed the head of the narrel and found that the wire was attaohed to an old saucepan lid. A thorough examina tion revealed nothing farther; so we returned to the sitting-room. I did not tell my com panion what I had seen, and he ha'd dis covered nothing. Wo did not go upstairs, because wa thought it would be prudent’to postpone further explorations until the.next day. Meanwhile, we ’ darkened our lanterns and deposited them in a corner. The room wrs semi-dark. Our eyes and ears were on the alert; bun the house was still as. the tomb; we saw nothing and heard no sound. I had merely toio wy companion that I expected to make an important discovery. Of its nature he knew nothing 's waited in the meat acute degree of ex pectation and attention untilnearly midnight. All of a sudden we heard faint notes of musio, which laEted for a few minutes. ,By end-bye the music was accompanied by a voice. The sounds were,as fine and soft as the voice of a child, i was satisfied that the musio was the work of human hands and iho voice a human voice, but [ was consider ably startled. My companion looked very pale, and strove to rise from the place where be sat. I put my hand on his arm to prevent him. It was scarcely neoessary,; for; he could barely muster strength to whiBper, “Let’s get.” The musio was trailing away into feeble ness, when the staircase door began to .open and shut. I felt sure that the wire which I had seen down stairs had something to, do with this. I made a great effort to rise. To my astonishment, I could not move a limb. I could only bend forward and gasp; A power which I could not resist made me motionless and speechlees. Yet all the time I was burning to •' go ” for that door, but I hadn’t physical capacity to do so. My companion recovered first, and seizing both lanterns, dashed from the house and made for the roadway. I jumped to my fed and followed my companion. As I did so, I heard a tunk, tunk, tunk 1 down in the cellar. • ... I found my mate in the highway, his face as white as a Bheet. “What in thunder ails you, man?” I asked, feeling that the most creditable way of drawing my companion’s attention from my condition was to heighten the absurdity of his. “The ghost!’’ he gaaped, “I wouldn’t go back to that house to save my life.” There was nothing for it but to tell Webber what I’d seen and what I 6UEpscted. As 1 have said, my fellow-detective was as brave a man as ever took up a trail; and when I told him what I had seen, he became per fectly self- possessed. We spent the reminder of the night in layibg our plans; In the early morning he rode back to San Francisco to get the necessary apparatus lor oarty. ing them out. I remained to “ shadow ” the house. Just as it was getting dusk my companion returned, and wo re-entered the house from the rear, noiselessly, and with great caution. Kemoving my shoes, l madeniy way upstairs, where I fancied I detected a slight noise over head. There was no sign of this room having been inhabited. The old place was two stories high, with a garret at the top. The garret was evidently reached by a ladder, though none was visible. 1 surmised that tho ghost was in this garret, and that any one showing hia head above the scuttle would get it rapped, even if he didn’t get shot. There was a lar;.’6 cupboard facing the en trance to the garret, and in the door of it I bored—on a level with ray eyes—a few small i ) holes with a gimlet which I happened to have in my pocket-knife, first drawing it through my hair, to prevent its making the slighteet noise. My plan was to play the ghost for the benefit of the occupant of the garret—ghost, or no ghost. For this purpose Webber bad brought with him an old fiddle. I removed all the strings but oDe, told my companion to allow me to secrete myself above, and then to make a noise on that one string, accom panying it with a few groans and other muffled noises. I hadn’t been hid many minutes before I heard the darnedest row from beloiv. It wasn’t like anything earthly. At first it seemed like one shrieking in pain then it sounded like belligerent cats, and then it died away in a few complaining sighs. It was so woird that, although I knew very well that my mate was causing it, I couldn’t help feeling a bit queer. Pretty soon I heard a movement overhead; the scuttle-top was being removed. Next a ladder was thrust down tho scuttle. To help Webber to keep up the entertainment, I gave a few groans inside the oupboard. That brought a ruan down the ladder. He’d no Booner reached the foot of it than I collared him. It was Coffin. The moment I touched him he sank down on the floor like—like an empty sack. 'He Beeraed as if he hadn’t got a bene in his body; be was as limp as a jelly- fish. While I got him out into tfie open air, Webber searched tbo garret, and found all the missing dollars, bonds, &o.; We hurried Coffin baok to San Francisco, intending to lock him up. He waB Btill un conscious. and we were obliged to summon a doctor. Poor fellow 1 He never get over it. When he came out of his swoon he was.mad, and had to’spend the reBt of his days in an asylum. That’s the effect it has, sir, when a man really believes he has come in contaot with the supernatural, as Coffin did. “Whose cigars does Carver smoke?” “ Anybody's.” He : “ Chapley seems to me to be a man o! one idea.” She: “He is more fortunate than I thought.’’ A JIA.N never fuily realises the wealth of information he doesn’t possess till his first child begins to ask questions, He : “ I am a millionaire. Haven’t I money enough for both of us?” She: “ Yes, if you are moderate in your tastes." She : “ So you are engaged to one of the Musgravo twins ? How can you distinguish one from the other?” He : "I don’t try to.” SusDAY-school teacher: “Now, Johnnie, tell me what took all the snap out of Sam son.” Johnnie: “A home-made hair-out, ma’am.” He: “ Tell me what you think of my last poem, I want to finish it, as I have other irons in the fire.” She : “ I should withdraw the irona and insert the poem.” “ So your papa has gone fishing, has he?” said the minister to JohDny Cameo; “what kind of tackle does he nse ?” Hook and lyin’,” “replied the intelligent boy. “ I’d like to know why you hired a young woman for a type-writer?” demanded Mrs Hilow of her husband. “ So I could have some one to dictate to," replied the unhappy man. She: “What a fitting token of married love is the wedding-ring l” He : “It is. A ring has no end; and it also has no beginning. Is is absolutely with out variety; and is muoh easier put on than taken off.” , Customer “ I bought some medicine hero yesterday far my dog, and after 1 gave it to him it died. What do you mean, anyway ? I didn’t tell you I wanted to kill him." Druggist: “ You said he belonged to your wife.” It is no breach of. logia, to conclude that the man with the rum .blossom is a biroraing chum. ■ : 