• •t'gfl* Jui'ihjjjrj THE CONSTANCY AND POWER ' ^Ckl "1>r J oad, enclosure in Aberdeen whose massivegates bore the inscription, " The Williams Steel "Works," contained a curiopB andyet.not unpleasing combination pt the past arid the" present. In the rear stref ched'the furnaces, thefoundries, thje engine-houses, and the. warerooms, begirt, by masses of ore and slag, and vetted by viscid smoke aDd cloudy steam —the 'exemplification of progress. In the fore rose the vine-traced grey walls of the mansion, with '" yet; the Exemplification of comfort. A covered walk connected the works with the one-storied addition to the west of the parlour, and np'oni its door was printed "Eeuben Williams, Private Office." Thus the proprietor could go from, home to business and return without .exceeding the bounds within which he reiigned monarch'of all he surveyed. So it had been in the'distant past, when the gates had borne another name, and another form had strode to and fro with a master's air; and so he vowed it should remain, for wealth, especially new wealth, is naturally conservative. It was one bleak November afternoon that Bessie was singing at the oldfashioned piano within the old-fashioned parlour of this old-fashioned house of her uncle's—singing.an old-fashioned song of love and cheer with an ardour and delight that, alas! are also becoming oldfashioned. 'Of course her environments spoke of the olden' time, for they accentuated Reuben Williams' pride; they recalled to him that notable triumph of his early manhood which had given to him the home and the adjoining foundry of his employer; they stimulated his self-importance, so he would suffer no change. "Without, the snow drifted and the storm beat; but within, the great logs sputtered cheerily, and the holly and this evergreen in old-faBhioned festoons fortetold the holiday festivities. '' " Old Year, begone 1 thy strength is spent, With weight of woe thy back is bent. Orief, loss, and wreck have been thy lot, Begone, forgetting and forgot I Come, New Tear, come with generous hand, Anil shower blessings o'er the land 1 > Come, New Year, blithe with hope and glee, And bring my true love home to me I" J : .- • she sang, and as she did a mellow tenor voice accompanied her. A young man had stepped from the hallway and stood by her side, looking down upon her with a defiant tenderness in his deep-brown eyeB that brooked no concealment. "Is it you, JohnP" she cried pleasantly. "You are like Orpheus; you announce yourself with music." " The new year may shower blessings upon me," he said gravely. " What! do you expect to forge the lever that will turn the world within a month's timeP" " What don't I expectP Hew York May .prove a Bethlehem for me; out of if- jmay come my material salvation. There i8 a' possibility before me so dazzling 1 that fear to face it; and yet even now it may-'be' a probability, even tomorrow'it may be a certainty, a glorious c&rtainty;, that will bring me honour and richek.'but, above all, will enable me to say what I never <jould say before. Bessife, when that day comes, may I fihtah P" , : y& this critical moment, while she strove to ponoeal her embarrassment by totikhinfe with idle fingers the keys, and tfhili that broad chest was approaching nfearer' and nearer to her graceful head, unconsciously drawn by the attraction of loVe, the doof leading into Eeuben Williams'private office opened, and a pale, set face, intensified by small, black, snapping, furtive eyes, appeared. 'It was the face of 1 Thomas Williams the founder's only son and heir—in other words, the founder's idtol. "John, he-said,injtonesof excitement, " come here at once! It's business." i'At these.flatter Wi>rds_ John Eaven turned promptly itoward torn., , " fc Ybu may fmish New- Year's Day, Johni" bried-Bessie* mischievously. i k I will," he returned, as he closed the dffpr. ". . " ','"' ' ' ' ' ., " n. ' . 'i What is it, Tom P. said John, sharply, when they were alone within the office. Business from you is a'rarity.' "It's this,"replied Thomas, with ashen and lurking eyes. "Thebank'meBfeenger's just presented it, and as I said that'we'd send a cheque .for it, ,of course he left it." He handed a paper to John. "Whiat! A promissory note for a thousand dollars, signed Eetiben Williams, and due to day P Man, you must be daft. This house'never made a note sincie .it was established. Your father would die first. It's a'forgery." "It must be paid all the same," persisted Thomas, feebly. " Thomas Williams!" cried John, placing his hand upon the young man's shoulder, and holding his shifty gaze with his firm grey eye, " I understand against my will. This is your damnable handiwork. I'ye warned you again and, again what the end would be, and nowj the end has come. You are a forger."' \ I " Hush, 1 • yiou : : fool, for God's sake'! father might hear you. He is some-' where about.'' : ! " What if he should ? He will have to know it." " You wouldn't betray me* Would yon ? Me, your old friend ?" q "I'll betray no one; I will do myduty. A piece of forged paper has been; presented herer I must show it to my employer; it is for. him,to investigate." >" Yes.; and hdw long will it,take him, in his headlong ?fge, to uproot the whole:- truth P John, yoii jmust not. I : It is all right; everything will some day be mine.• He is old,: he is feebld;. apoplexy is sure to whirl him away tbefore long. Hide this in some way—you ican so; easily. He'll never suspect.; you knows how stupid he is. He doesn't know the, debit side of the ledger from the credit.. The only clever thing about him is his 1 reliance upon your ability. Do this for mei your old friend ! You will save my f eryjife; and when I can I'll repay youtenfold; I vow to God I will!" ," I cannot, and I would not if I could." " But he will disown, he will disinherit. me;.be will drive me penniless into the street," "You should have thought of this be- i fore." " But think of Bessie. It will break her heart, just at this time, too, when we are sd happy, and father is do pleased with our engageme&t.;" John started back, his face growing even more livid than that of his craven companion. "Your engagement!" he shouted.. "Bessie and you engagedP Impose sible P" . * "Why, yes: Didn't you know it? Father has had his heart set on it foryears. He promised me an iequal share in the business if I would marry her and settle down. So last night I plucked up courage. How easy it is, after all!; A nod and a wink and a statement of cash, and how happy she is! It's an assured position and plenty of rhino that will catch the girls every time. Why, just hear her sing!" From . the old-fashioned parlour the old-fashioned refrain was wafted in those • sweet old-fashioned tones— "Come, New Year, oome with generous hand, And shower blessings, o'er the land 1 Come, New Year, blithe with hope and glee, And bring my trae. love, home to meI" John groaned. He sank into a chair; he rested his head upon his hands. "It can't be true," he protested. " She 1 never liked nor respected you. I will not believe it;" and'vet, even as he spoke, he remembered now grateful was Bessie for her uncle's -care, and how potent an advocate is gratitude. " Don't be an idiot! See, here is her ring,- her mother's betrothal ring. She gave it to me last night. See the carious Greek inscription upraised upon it, 'AEI. That means ' Forever'—forever mine; don't you see P Do you think she would part with it except to her affiataced husband P" John took the ring and examined it as if he had never seen it before—that dear little ring that had ever seemed a very part of Bessie. He mechanioally put it on and off his finger. " No," he answered, despairingly, " I know she would not; but I can't understand it. Bessie engaged to you! It's a sacrifice; it's a sacrilege!" " Very likely. I suppose no one eould be attractive to her ladyship or worthy of her except your immaculate self. But you see I've got the scads, and they win every time. I should think, if you care so much for her, you would save her beloved from disgrace." John leaped to his feet. "Keep quiet, you hound, or I'll j throttle you l Come, I will do as you say. ' She shall not blush for shame on ;the first day of her betrothal. I'll take ftp the note. ' i have just about~3Seamount, though it's all ,1 hayp in |(the' world.' But, remember, if you do nofc try in the future to deserve, yqur-eood fortune, I will save her from sufpi a wretched fate." * ' i • ' "Otherwise you won't betray meP" asked Thomas, eagerly. ./,"'!. "You may trust me. There',s my hand. No, I'll not shake hands !^nth you, but I promise. Give me the nbt'eij I must hurry;' it is well-nigh two o'clock," and, distraught with grief and excitement, John hastened away. . " Go, .you fool!" commented Tom, "and the devil speed you! Lucky 'tis for me that I found that ring. But where is itP Blast me if he didn't carry it away on his .little finger. D d fi jE care, though.' He wouldn't break his {word to save his^neck. Even if he did, pop wouldn't believe him after his having taken up the note. So let him keep it. to remember me^by,".,, ' .That evening old sat at his dinner Jab^e- .puffing „»nd; : fuming, as was the • .arrpi-- gance. Opposite to him his -niece, (Bessie; upon either side were his son| Thomas, and his confidential clerk, John Haven. 1 Townsfolk, in speaking of Eeuben Williams, would often quote the homely adage, " There's naught like the luck of ia lousy calf," for even the best of them felt that there could be no wrong in envying him. In his youth he had been an ignorant, blundering workman in the Aberdeen foundry, shiftless, lazy, half drunken. One day he stumbled and kicked up a fortune. A new process of making steel was thus revealed to him so plainly that even his crassness grasped it. He established the Williams Steel Works, which he magnanimously allowed his former employer to manage. Years of prosperity ensued, and then this superintendent grew old and sickened apd died. It seemed as though the lousiness, despite, its monopoly, would speedily be led to perdition by the ignorance of the proprietor, but his luck failed him not. There was a young man employed" in the office named John Eaven. He entrusted him with the management as fully as he had his former employer, and the name of Eeuben Williams became great in the world of iron, .and Eeuben plumed himself as a jelf-made man, boasting jexceedingly. own WPljjjMBfuEped (decking it with all the qualities which he {did not possess. So he sat, pufEed and swollen with arrogance, but on this evening unusually silent. Aji Olympian frown darkened his brow; his food was untasted "before him. At length the servants left the room. Then he cleared his throat with a heavy haw,, he rapped upon the table with his knif e, and then he began— "John Eaven, so you have dared to. use the name of Eeuben Williams—of Eeuben Williams, sir—to meet your lawless extravagances! I met the • cashier of the Lockit Bank, sir, and he told me that you took up a note for a thousand dollars made by me—by me, sir—with money which you drew from your own account. I could scarcely believe my ears. A note signed by ; Eeuben Williams! What would the trade say P What have you got to say for yourself? That's what I, want to know, and pretty quick, too." " Nothing, sir," said John firmly. " Nothing, sir P And you think that I will overlook such a piece of rascality!: A note, by the Lord, for a thousand dollars, signed by Eeuben Williams I You trust to my tender heart, do you P There's where you fool yourself. I owe a duty to society, to my class, the moneyed class. I will not deliver you over to the authorities, but go, sir; leave my sight for once and for ever!" . " Oh, uncle! oh, John!" cried Bessie; " There is some dreadful mistake !" " You'd better look out, pop," broke in Tom. " The business will be cats and dogs without him." "Shut up!" snarled his father. "Who made it and run it for years if I didn't, I'd like to knoyr P" John approached the old man with hand outstretohed. "I'll go, sir. Will you say goodbye." " I'll not, then. Get out! By the loving Lord, what have you got on your finger P Bessie's ring—her dead mother's betrothal ring! Give it to her this instant, you scoundrel!" John turned toward her. "I beg pardon, Miss Williams," he began. \- But Bessie drew away "Tier "hand, {lief cheeks flamed, .^t-she .held, high, her .'head and loolced him m)l in the eyes. . ' . "Oh, you founij it, did youP": cried. "Well, keep it—keep jt until NeW' Year's-—I believe in you, never fear!". "'j.". And John, bewildered, yet happy, passed out of the house-" -' ; -w. • v!"..: -.. The next morning Thomas sat alone at his desk within the' private;<t®op, idly, scrawling words, and half Bentfeaeetiipoii the paper before -him. . Evidently this fingers were working independently of his brain ; evidently too, that organ, sq prolific of sin and .misery, was in a per-, plexed and confused, condition. His little eyes were half closed by a heavy frown, and the muscles about, his distended nostrils and narrow. ilips were convulsively twitching.. V, < , • ."Well, what's the : use p" he muttered, despairingly. " I might as well make ia iclean breast of it." > y Even as he spoke a light touch upon his shoulder thrilled him like an electric, discharge. Swinging about, he conk fronted his cousin Bessie, who was> gazing rather quizzically, upon him; Thomas mumbled something beneath! his breath which was not-rin the least a blessing. His complexion grew d dirty grey, its neplut ultra of blushing. > " A sensible resolution, Thomas," Bessie exclaimed. " Doubtless there is great need of •& thorough renovation. But what occasioned so prudent a course, if I may ask P" , Thomas hesitated, but fear swept some of the cobwebs from his brain, and set its sinister machinery at work again. "I was thinking, cousin," he began slowly, with a wicked gleam in his,ferret eyes, " that my love ior you was becoming a secret beyond endurance, and that I had best .confess it and learn my fate." " Oh, no, I know you too well," she retorted. " Love with you can be but a synonym for selfishness. You were thinking, of your misdeeds;, there was remorse, not passion in your tones. Come, tell me. What did you do to John?" " Oh; it's John, is it P" sneered Thomas. "I always knew in my heart that yon cared more for his little finger than you did for me. You were .so blind to his faults, so lynx-eyed towards mine. I've done nothing to him; he has done him* >elf, and pretty thoroughly, too. J con* gratulate you upon your love for a forger and a thief!" " I will never love a forger and a thief, and there's an answer for you, Master Tom! Tell me, what did you want of : him yesterday when you called him so hurriedly into this office ?." "I wanted to warn him," said Thomas, doggedly, "How dare you try to deceive irieP Haven't I known you from a little boy, when there was nothing safe from your fingers P Haven't I helped you again and again with my own poor savings P Don't I. hear what people say, of your riotous living P. Oh! Tom, Tom, there was a time, after all, when we were bits of children and played together, that your heart was pure and free from guile ; yes, and when you used to!plan what you would . do when you were a man. And all those. ambitions were .noble! I can't help taking an interest in you, though I'm convinced that you've cruelly wronged your friend. Tell me all the truth. I will explain it to: your father. I will intercede with him. He loves you as he loved your dead mother—he would forgive. Aid then John could come home, and we would all be very happy together as we used to be in those dear olden days. Tell me, Tom." And Bessie leaned forward and soothed his head with her hand as that dead mother might have done. But he shook her away angrily. " Let up on such-hysterical nonsense !' he exclaimed. " I've got nothing to tell except what I have told you. And let me warn you, my lady, that if you don't cease gossiping about mjr affairs, I will land your immaculate paragon behind the bars, and then you can mourn for the dear'olden days with a vengeance." She turned from him. As she reached the door she drew her form to its fullesrt height, and faced him with blazing eyes. "Let me warn you, sir, in' return," she replied, "that I will uncover 'life "truth of this transaction, and if 1 I find, that you hare abused John Eaven's love and loyalty, I will reveal it- to' your father even if your life depended upon my secrecy. And more-Met -me advise y ou, when next your sins overwhelm you, : not to permit your fingers to idly write the name of Reuben Williams, as that paper before you testifies there is a similarity in the signature that might be considered suspicious." With this Parthian shot, Bessie closed the door with a slam of inexorable determination. And Thomas rested his head upon his hands and groaned. V. John Haven told the truth when he said that great possibilities existed for him. By dint of hard labour he had discovered a new principle in the forging of steel. He had been awaiting only the full possession of his patent rights to announce his success to his employer and to ask the hand of his niece. He now left Aberdeen in a whirl of excitement. He had been deceived, he had been robbed, he had been abused. So be it, then. He would not defend himself until he was independent. He would go, but he would return armed with wealth, the single weapon that could humble this haughty old man. As for Tom, he forgave him, for his deceit had revealed to him a glorious truth well worth a thousand dollars. As for Bessie, he kissed her little ring, for it said " Forever" to him. He hastened to the city, he consulted with his lawyers, he argued with capitalists, and he convinced them. He worked all day; he planned and studied all night. Within ten days a company was organised to control his invention. He was manager, director, stockholder. Beyond this he had a cosy fortune on deposit in the bank. Had he not attained the success that would win him honour and love ? But, skilled craftsman though he was, he was ignorant of the frailty of the human mechanism. Through all this incessant rush of business he had disregarded a sudden dizziness, a pain at the base of the neck, a feverish, burning sensation that again and again returned to him. He disregarded them, but the disease whose forerunners they were grimly and steadily advanced. It was during the week before Christmas that one night he was returning to his lodging through a cross street in the upper part of the city. He was strangely weak. But no matter. His affairs. were happily arranged; on the morrow he would return to Aberdeen. On .the morrow! - Oh, blissful time, that could not come too quickly since it bore within its gracious arms the one whom he so dearly loved ! It was snowing thickly, steadily, drawing a white veil effectually over the meagre light of the struggling lamps. He paused for a moment and leaned against a tree box, too ill to notice footsteps stealthily approaching. There was a dull descending crash; the heavens shot forth a million stars and swept around and underneath him. He fell like a sapling before the stalwart axe of the woodsman. "Hey, Jimmie!" muttered a husky voice. " You work dis side and I'll work dat. Speedily, lad! This haint no Sunday school picnic." Two forms bent over him for an instant, rifling every pocket, and then like shades they glided away. And still it snowed thickly, steadily, covering the man as if with a pall. Thus he was found, unconscious, stricken with fever, stunned by the crushing blow of the sandbag. His pockets were empty; nothing remained that might reveal his name or residence save a gold ring upon his little finger with the Greek letters " 'AEI " upraised upon it, and to this he clung with resistless strength when the hospital nurse, thinking that an interior writing might furnish a clue, strove once and again to remove i f . VI. In the meantime matters were proceeding from bad to worse|in the oldfashioned house in Aberdeen. Reuben WilliamB had taken hold of the business as a mulish labourer might grasp a weighty beam. He found it too much for him; he dropped it. Son Thomas then assumed charge, with an eye keen to his own desperate affairs, but in. different to all else; and so it happened that peculation and i..competency soon, produced serious straits for the Williams Steel Works. The men became dis satisfied, customers grew suspicious, and commercial agencies issued confidential reports sufficient to ruin the credit of a Midas. Bessie no longer sang the old-fashioned refrain within the old-fashioned parlour. She had formed a purpose, and she acted. Intuition had revealed the truth to her, and she resolved to prove it—an easy matter for a true woman's intensity. Shrewd inquiries gave the information to her that the note which John had paid had been made to the order of Isaac Scjiwartz and Son, brokers, and that Mr. Thomas Williams had negotiated it with them. This was sufficient. With the grim determination of her sex when love is Buffering, she awaited her opportunity. It came, as had the former denouement, at the dinner table. Mow, the suspicion that he did not know anything, which had lately come to Reuben Williams, made him more bearish than ever; for self-made men are never so arrogant as when they feel the necessity of hiding defects in their handiwork. So Reuben was especially aggressive and surly. He chiefly vented his spleen upon the absent John. There was no name within vituperation's dictionary that he did not call him; there was no crime within or without the decalogue of which he did not accuse him. "The sneak!" he was saying. "I believe that he has been robbing me for years. No one but a man like me could stand the drain of such rascality." " Uncle," exclaimed Bessie. " I won't hear you say such dreadful things of my John. I know that he is the soul of honour, and I love him. There! If the truth were known, it's your own son you would be abusing." " Thanks, cousin," said graceless Tom, rising in his place, more colourless than ever. Yes, pop," he continued, "I guess the jig's up, and I'm glad of it. John's the saint, and I'm the sinner. I forged your name. There's a lot more out, too. The business is all in a muddle; orders have been countermanded ; the men are going to strike ; there are big payments to be made on the first of the year, and nothing but wind to meet them. The devil's to pay. It's too much for me. I resign. Now kick me out!" During this unique confession old Reuben puffed and snorted and grew crimson; then a childish sense of helplessness seized him; his arrogance fell away like a detected disguise. " Don't go !" he cried, feebly. " You are my son, you know. God -knows I wish you were abetter one; but still you are my only child. Tell me what to do. I am so bewildered." " Get John back as soon as you can," advised his heir, resuming his seat with a sigh of relief which was half a sob. " Yes, uncle/' said Bessie, passing to his side and stroking his foolish old head, "send for John. He understands the business, the men love Uim, the customers trust him. In a day's time he will bring) the house of Reuben Williams back to the fore again." " But where is he ?" asked the old man, with a gleam of pride in his eye. " I'll find him," she replied, " never fear. I know that he has gone to New York. I will take the afternoon train and visit Aunt Catherine. I will have him home again by the 'new year, and this trouble will die 'with the old. Tom will stay with you, and be a great comfort, won't you, Tom P" '* Perhaps," said graceless Tom. VII. The afternoon express was flying along its path of steel as if rejoicing to have left behind the monotony of the interior and to be nearing the changeful activity of the metropolis. Within a chair in the parlour car sat Bessie Williams, gazing out upou the wintry scene, the ice- bound river, the distant mountains -capped with snow. She was thinking of John, of how she would surely find him. Though he had always been reserved in speech regarding himself, she knew that for years he had been patiently endeavouring to accomplish some design, for she had often watched the light burning in the attic chamber long after midnight, and had seen his figure reflected upon the curtain, bending over the bench which he had placed there. She remembered his words, " New York may prove a Bethlehem for me; out of it may come my material salvation," and so she was as hopeful of purpose as she was constant of heart. The burring roll of the wheels seemed to hum that old- fashioned refrain— Come, New Year, come, with generous band, And shower blessings o'er the land I Come, New Year, blithe with hope and glee, And bring my true love back to me. What had she said to him? "You may finish New Year's Day." Yes, and he had said, "I will," and he never broke his word. So the new year surely reserved his return as its most precious gift to her. A: newsboy passed through the aisle laden with magazines. He placed one upon her lap. She glanced it over, and, finding an article of interest, she purchased it; then, with a petty carefulness, which was her trait, she took a pencil from her watch guard and wrote her name and city address upon the fly leaf, thus •— "BESSIE WILLIAMS, " 106 East — street," Then she concentrated her ranging thoughts upon reading. And the train rushed and roared, the river widened its icy stretch, bleak heights, flecked here and there by the snow that the gale had not snatched away, shot up their opposing frowns. There was a turn. The river disappeared ; there were darkness and a rumble of discontent; the pent smoke and steam shone dimly through the windows, fantastically shaping into pursuing ghosts. Then light again, and the train slackened and halted within the vast station. As Bessie hastened down the long stone walk she noticed a box in the angle of the building marked with this inscription:— "HOLIDAY OFFERINGS. "Place your papers and magazines within for the use of the sick in the hospitals." She hesitated a moment at the thought of the article yet unfinished, then she pushed her magazine through the opening, and joined her aunt, who awaited her. VIII. It was New Year's Eve. Cold and storm and snow without; warmth and light and joviality within many a home. The old year was dying—dying the death of despair, but no mourners eased his passing with their tears. Evil and long had been his days, therefore let the old king die. Long live the new king of hope, of prosperity, of good-will to all men! The wind shrieked, but the wayfarer heeded it not, for amid its lulls he could hear the bursts of childish laughter. Let it rage and struggle in vain, he still would press forward, contented in the thought of the happy, expectant faces watching for the mysterious bundles which he sheltered so assiduously beneath his overcoat. Light and warmth indeed within the hospital walls, but no joviality, no laughter. Silence, broken only by the delirious mutterings of a fever-stricken patient and the whispers of the two physicians who sat beside him. " Bessie! Bessie Williams!" cried the sufferer, " come to me ! I seek you; I cannot find you. The darkness gathers about me, the stars no longer shine. Hark how the storm beats and. the snow drifts ! Bessie! Bessie Williams! come to me!" " A mysterious case, a desperate case," said the elder physician. " And yet his vitality is strong. I do believe that if we could find this Bessie Williams, whoever she may be, her face would revive his intelligence, and he would recover; yes and-speedily, too. You have no clue to his family or friends?" " None," the othir replied. " He had been beaten and robbed. There was no distinctive mark upon him except!the ring upon his little finger that he kisses so. That has the Greek letters 'AEI upraised upon it." "That means 'forever,' doesn't itP Well, it may be forever with him by morning if the fever doesn't turn." " I've iiever been so interested in a case before. There is something so pathetic about his constant calling for that girl. It teaches one that there is such a thing as true love after all. If I could only find her. I thought at first that I would advertise, but for aught we know she may be in Australia. The world's a weary waste for such a search. The man's a gentleman and a good fellow beyond a peradventure, and I would;do anything to save him." " That speaks well for your heart, old man -, but remember we can't afford to be emotional. Well, good-night. I would continue the-treatment until midnight if there is no change, and then the drops.'- The young doctor sat by his charge watching him. with eyesof commiseration. Attenuated, cadaverous, and ghastly, the sick man lay, with,cavernous eyes fixedly glaring, and fleshless hands picking and rubbing together. A dark, ragged beard accentuated his mortal, pallor. Now he would preBs the little ring to his lips, now he would cry out in tones of agony the name of his. beloved. And in the distance one might .faintly hear the mellow chimes ringing out the old and heralding the new. The young doctor gave him the medicine, he laved his brow, he smoothed his pillow, and then, when a momentary quiet seemed to creep over him, he sat at the table near by, upon which were writing materials, periodicals, and a student lamp. Indifferently he picked up one of the magazines and turned oyer its pages. " Bessie! Bessie Williams !'* moaned the patient, and the gale without shrieked, as if in mockery of his impotency. The young doctor glanced from his reading. As he did ; so bis eye caught a writing on the flyleaf. It was this:— "Bessie Williams, 106 East street." In an instant he seized pen and paper, and wrote a note, as follows:— " Miss Bessie Williams. "Dear Madam,—An unlcnown man, delirious with fever, continually calls for some one of your name. He wears a ring marked 'AEI. If yon know him, come at once, for your presence may save him. Be lies within Ward B of the Hospital.—Yours respectfully " James Bbaham, M.D." He summoned an attendant, and despatched him with it at utmost speed. And in the distance one might still faintly hear the mellow chimes tolling the old and joyously clanging the new. •:• IX. It was midnight. The youtig' doctor still remained at his post. Without, the ' storm still beat, the snow 1 still drifted; within, there was silence, no longer broken by plaintive entreaty. The patient lay as if dead. The turmoil and strength of the fever had disappeared, and in their stead an enthralling debility had settled. His eyes no longer fixedly glared; their leaden lids had Veiled them, perhaps forever. Froin the distance faintly rang, from neighbouring steeples grandly swelled, a welcome to Time's youngest child. The sick man stirred; he looked up inquiringly. " What is it?" he murmured. " The New Year," the doctor replied. "The New Year!" he cried, his strength reviving under shdden excitement. He raised himself upon his elbow. "The New Year!"Tie repeated, brightening wi th hope. " Why, the New Year will save me! • Gome, New Year, blithe with hope and glee, And bring my true love back to me 1'" Even as he faltered through the simple lines the door opened, and, all rosy from the dash of the storm, with her dark garments bespangled by the drifting snovr,;Bessie glided to his side. . " Yes, John, the New Year has indeed brought your true love to you," she murmured, tenderly. " Bessie," he exclaimed, a look of intelligence, of recognition transfiguring his wan features—" Bessie,; I , knew that you would come when I. called so often to you." : ./'."' He grasped her little, Wa^m hand within that fleshless hand of hisihathad so faithfully guarded herring. / He s^njc back upon the pillow. He slept as peacefully as a child. "He is saved—saved by love !" whispered the young doctor. .And iii the distance one might still he^r faintly the mellow chimes annopneing a futuie of peace, and-good-will, '. Years passed ,.by, ; ! sliding ... .to ..the harmony of ha'ppinesSj' hujt.the jenclosure at Aberdeen still contains,the,exemplifications of progress and, of comfort. Tom still sits at the desk in, the private office upon the swinging stool; but jhis brain no longer throbs with, f evil perplexities, ,his i, fingers idly,, j>etray,, no criminal, secret. He bends his 'books resolutely, and never leayes them during business hours save . Tftben he l affectionately aids his old father in hip daily walks through the works. And Reuben Williams no longer strut^ with arrogance, though he takes an honest pride in the vast enterprise that bears his name. No longer does he . trust in his own infallibility. In response to inquiries and suggestions, he now has but one answer—''Ask niy partner, John Raven." And Bessie often BingB the oldfashioned refrain within the oldfashioned parlour; but blithe, childish voices now accompany her.. And when the mellow chimes tell the passing of each old and .proclaim- the birth of each new year, the sick in the hospital are tenderly remembered by John Raven and, his wife; for theif holiday offering is a thank offering to , love.—Condit Cbahe in N.Y. Times. A gentleman of Leighton Buzzard, with the perhaps not unsoggestive name of Sell, having written to, ask Mr. Gladstone if it is true that some years ago a Mr. Inee, of Wigan, left in trust to the right, hon. gentleman and to Cardinal "Woia,"asum of £200,000 "for promoting the spread of Romish doctrines andjiogmas in England," has received the following reply from Mr. Spencer Lyttelton"I am desired, by Mr. Gladstone, to say that the statement to which you have drawn his attention ia a malicious rumour, and utterly devoid of foundation." Mr. Gladstone's secretary might even have kept the " malioious" for use on some more serious ocoaeion. . , ALL ^SAINTS' WINES. G. aUTHEBIiAND SMITH AMD 0«o, ALL SAINTS" VTNEYAED, WAHQUNTAH. (EOS BOUBXE 8TBEET, HELBOUBNE* 