'TO MAKE YOUR FLESH CREEP.* Some Prize Ghosts from Mr-] Stead's Collection. 'Real Ghost Stories' is Mr. Stead's latesjj publication. Here are some of them. : — THE CLAIEVOTANT AND THE HTJBDEKEB. The idea of using the clairvoyant as af spiritual sleuth-hound to track down an un- known murderer has always been a faseinatina* one. A Swedish doctor gives an account of a case in which everything in the vision tallied! with the case afterwards got together againstl a particular man,. who had a feud with the murdered man, but who got off with a sort o£ ' not proven ' verdict : — The clairvoyant was hypnotised in my wife's' presence, and then ordered ' to look for tha place where the murder had been committed; and see the whole scene, follow the murderer* in his flight, and describe him and his home and the motive for the murder.' Miss Olsen then spoke as follows, in great agitation, some* times using violent gestures. I took notes of; her exact words, and reproduce them herei fully: ' It is between two villages — I see a road— « in a wood — now it is coming — the gun — now ha is coming along, driving — the horse is afraid of the stones— hold the horse! hold the horse! now ! now he is killing him — he was kneeling when he fired— blood ! blood ! now he is running in the wood-^-seize him ! — he isr running in an opposite direction to the horse in many circuits — not on any footpaths. He. wears a cap and grey clothes — light — has long,! coarse brown hair, which has not been cut foe along time— grey-blue eyes— treacherous looks — great dark- brown beard. — be is accustomed to work on the land. I believe he has cut his right hand. He has a scar or a streak between his thumb and forefinger. He is suspicious and a coward. 'The murderer's home is a red woodent house standing a little way back from the road* On the ground-flcor is a room which leads inter the kitchen, and from that again into the passage. There is also a larger room which does not communicate with the kitchen. The church of Wissef jerda is situated obliquely tot your right when you are standing in the pas* sage. 'His motive was enmity'; it seems as if htf had bought something — taken something — a; paper. He went away from home at 8ay- break, and the murder was committed in tna evening.' Miss Olsen was then awakened and, like all my subjects, she remembered perfectly whaft she had been seeing, which had made a ver j. profound impression on her. Everything tallied, as it turned out, down t(S the sear on the hand. The clairvoyant hadt never seen the mur derer in her lifeand kneq. nothing of the circumstances. a sister's deeaji. Here is a thrilling sailor-story bearing on? the subject of apparitions at the moment o£ death : — A great gust of wind seized the half- slackened maintop-sail and sent it fluttering into fragments. At the same moment the ship reeled nearly on her beam ends, and! above the howling of the gale we heard a sudden cry of despair. I was horrified to see an apprentice, J ? P ? , sent whirling headlong from the masthead into the sea. Even yet I can see the look of agony stamped on his upturned face, and I can hear the very tones of his heartrending cry, ' Oh ! Lucyr Lucy,' as he disappeared for ever in the dark', ness below. After the storm abated the captain made a careful note of the exact time of the occurrence, the position of the ship, and the other par' ticulars. He seemed struck at my mention of the exclamation I had overheard falling from the poor fellow's lips as he clutched in vain all the yielding air. 'Ah,' he said, 'that must have been big sister, Lucy V ? , to whom he was greatls, attached.' The rest of the voyage passed withoufi incident, and as soon as the ship arrived aft Liverpool I made my way to the tram whicoi was to take me to Manchester. ^ I was walking idly along the platform wherj I saw the face of an old gentl9man, who^ witb: a young lady on his arm, was elbowing his way through the crowd. His resemblance to''oue lost mate was so striking that I stood and! looked at him. The young lady's eyes ham pened suddenly to meet mine. Instantly she gave a violent start, uttered a low scream, and exclaiming — 'Oh, look, there's the face of mj£ dream !' stared at me as if fascinated. Har | companion gently tallied her, and half led, half i earned her to the nearest waiting-room. A3 i he passed he begged me to come with them aud ?banded nie his card. j \- When we were alone the old gentleman ? explained that the sight of my faca had j reminded his. daughter of a very peculiar and ? j unpleasant dream, to which she still persisted j in attaching importance.. i He said — '.At the..] present moment, indeed, we ' are on our way to ; discover if the owners of my son's sbip have j received any news of its arrival.' j leaid — '''l am an apprentice of tUe G — — , ? and have but lately left her lying in thu harbor.1' : 'Then,' the voung lady cried, 'I must be i right. It must be true. 'X'vras the man's face I saw gazing at him as he fell. I saw ; Joe's ship in the midst of a fearful storm ! and him clinging to the slippery shrouds. A bright flash seemed to pas3 before my eyes, and I save him falling backwards into the sea. I saw your face in the momentary gleam, and I awoke, perfectly terrified to hear the sound of nsy own name — 'Oh, Lucy, Lucy' — whis- pered' in my ears.r- ? The expression of my face must have con veyed bnt too well the meaning of my silence. ; 'My GodJ' cried Mr. ? , 'is it true then? Is he dead?' I stammered, 'Too true, sir. Yes! every word of it ! I was beside him at the moment, and even tried to save him.' On comparing notes we found that the dresm took place the very day, and allowing for the difference in longitude, even the very hour when the accident occurred ! A TERRIBLE BIDE. The scene of the following ghastly adventure is a solitary country road at night. We skip the rider's previous dream, and come at once to the 'creeps'; — ' Nothing remarkable occurred for the first half-hour. The moon was shining brightly. By and by the route went straight through a cutting where the hedges were a little higher than ordinary. On arriving at this point he noticed that his horse changed his easy trot into a walking pace and seemed somewhat uneasy. However, the cutting was passed, and again they were on the moonlit road, which he could' see stretching away in front over the undulating hills. Cantering along thev had not proceeded far before the animal dropped into a walk again. Encouragement and caresses were vain, walk he would. Suddenly the horse came to a dead halt in the middle of the road. The suddenness of stop ping nearly unseated the rider, but he urged the animal forward. The horse was induced to walk on again, although apparently very uneasy. They had not gone many yards before the horse stopped again so suddenly that he had to clutch the animal's main to prevent being thrown headlong upon the highway. What was the meaning of such strange behaviour? Then there flashed through his mind the circumstances of his dream. 'Fes, there were all the accompaniments of his picture— the bay horse, the moonlit road, the sadden stoppages. Surely it was a warning. Twice had the creature halted, and he recollected his dream made him the third time fall head_ foremost on the road. He got off, and, throwing the bridle over his arm, coaxed the horse to move onward. He noticed that the animal was covered with perspiration, as if after a hard gallop, and that he was trembling violently. Repeatedly, too, lie glanced searchingly at the hedges. What could be the matter? The strange conduct of the horse became yet stranger. More suddenly than before the animal came to a dead halt. The animal ?was in deep distress. His nostrils were dis tended ; sweat covered his limbs ; bis eyes were tsent in one direction, with every symptom of terror. Not seeing anything remark able at first in the direction in irhic-h the horse was gazing, Foster tried to urge him onward ; in vain ! Passing round to the other side of the animal's head, Foster was induced to look more closely towards that portion of the somewhat low hedge which the horse so intently regarded. There in the moonlight, hanging, bending limp and apparently lifeless over the hedge, was the body of a tell man. With arms out stretched, the figure seemed touching the ground with its fingers, the legs being on the other side of the hedge. What was his horror to see the body move ! Slowly, mechanically, the long arms were outstretched ; uplifted ;_the body swayed up. up ; and there in the bright moonlight was the man's face. How ghastly it looked ! The glassy eyes were staring at the young man, whose blood seemed chilling in his veins. Motionless, upright as an elm, with outstretched arms, stood the gaunt spectre. Its throat was cut. There stood the group. The horse terrified ; the young man speechless, terror-stricken ; and the hideous something seemingly regarding them with his stony gaze, while blood appeared to flow from its lacerated throat. How long he remained Foster could not afterwards tell ; but, after an interval that' seemed an age, the horrible vision began as slowly and mechani cally as before to bend its erect body forward, until it resumed its former position hanging Over the hedge. With a mighty effort the young man induced the horse to move on once more, but on look Ing back he was startled again to see the erect figure of the nocturnal spectre— uplif ted arms, ghastly features, and blood-red throat Just as slowly.as before the tall body bent forward, the arms dropped down, down, until some intervening bushes shut out the horrible apparition from view. Foster reached home near midnight. After wards he learnt that a- man had been mur dered on the very spot where he had seen the tall figure. AN EEEIE STOEY FKOTI THE SHETLAND?. Here is a sample of the narratives repeated in good faith by the superstitious folks or the femote Shetlands : — One day in 1830 a fisherman of the name of Grey found that when returning from fishing his boat stopped without any apparent cause. In vain he strained at the oars ; it would not move a foot. He looked over the prow, think ing it might have got entangled in seaweed, but the water was clear. He thought he might have struck on a hidden shoal, and rocked the boat. She rooked freely, showing there was water under her keeL Grey then looked over the stern, and to his horror he saw a man, Trhom be knew had been dead for six months, holding on to the stern-post. This man was one with whom he had had some little quarrel, and Grey besought him to free the boat, saying that he had hoped that death would have can celled all enmity between them. Without reply ing the man still held on, and at last, in despair, Grey took his axe and backed off the stern post, when the boat at once shot forward. The man, however, cried out that Greyjand he should meet again in six weeks. Grey, in great fear, hastened home and told his family and friends of the occurrence. In six weeks, at the exact time the dead man had named, Grey was found in the morning dead in bed. A son of Koberfc Grey, who saw the mutilated boat come in, was, at any rate keeping a sailors' boarding-house in Antwerp, but there are many in the Shetland Isles who well remember the circumstances and seeing the boat with the stern-post cut off. GHOSTS AGGRESSIVE AND TANGIBLE. Ghosts take many and various forms, and there are a few pretty terrifying ones in Mr. SteaiTs collection. There are diabolical floating faces and mutilated trunks. There is a ghost which inflicted its company on an unhappy living friend for a walk of some duration, which it enlivened with a long and detailed account of its violent death, and with the spectacle of its body ' burning from within, outwards unconsumed.' There are aggressive ghosts which pull off one's bed clothes, or grapple with one in a confusion of xnaterial and immaterial. There is even a ghost which attacked a railway porter at night accompanied by a ghostly dog, which actually bit the porter in the calf of his leg. And there is one which strikes us as the only instance we have yet come across of a ' warm, soft, and plump' ghost — but the poor thing only consisted of a hand and aim. But we will conclude with a very creepy tale which shows that a mutilated ghost does not always correspond with a mutilated corpse. The apparition may fit itself out, it seems, with the very parts which are missing in tb.6 mortal remains, to say nothing of making its presence known by an energetic smack on the back : — 'About the middle of the first decade of this century there lived in the little seaport town of Girvan, in Ayrshire, a young man and his sister ; they were warmly attached to each other. My grandmother, from whom I heard their story, was intimatelv acquain ted with the young woman. The brother followed the precarious and dangerous avocation of the fisher, and our story begins -with the loss of his life by the swamping of bis boat in a storm. 'For a week or two his sister was ineon \- solable; her mind dwelt in imagination on the loved form of her brother tossed amongst the weeds and ooze on the bed of the ocean, the food for fishes, and the dwelling-place for creeping things.' [At this stage the body was discovered in a rocky part of the coast, owing to a singularly vivid dream dreamt by a casual visitor to the town; an incident remarkable in itself, but auofc to our present purpose. The corpse, which ?was much decomposed, had lost the right hand. This mutilation made a deep and paia fnl impression on the sister's mind.] 'Ever and anon she would burst out into a fit of weeping, wringing her own hands, and bewailing the loss of her brother's band. 'This continued for about a week, until one night, .preparatory to going to bed, she had undressed ; but, before she had got into bed, overcome by the force of her emotions, she threw her face on the pillow and burst out weeping, and bemoaning the lost hand ; but scarcely had she done so when, with a cry of ^ear, she sprang from the bed. ' Her cries scon brought the other inmates of the house to her room, and when questioned die infonned them that when she had fclircwn herself on the bed she felt some one give her a slap en the backus if with rhe open hand, and ''?? ? ! ' '* that the place where ehe was struck was efcHl pricking from the effects of the blow, and put her hand over her shoulder to point out the place where she was struck. -?? 'They- examined the place, and over the shoulder-blade, in livid blue, was the impres sion of a man's tight hand.' 