the novelist. list ye landsmen r A llOMAXCE OF incidknt. uy w. Clark Russell. ,, thou OF "tuk wheck OK the ohosvenoh," * "aN OCKAN tragedy," "the frozen rilmtk," &c.; VULUMB 11. Chapter XIX. OFT THE ISLAND. The hrig slipiwd cleverly through the sea. It was like gently tearing through silk with „ razor to listen to the noise that floated nft ijom her cutwater. When I guessed the : to I'i; about three miles distant 1 hove I > vessel to. Von Bol's pipe slirilled with 1 \hat seemed to fetch an echo from "!\L jurlhest readies of tlie dark sea. Sen the sails were to the most the brig lay motionless under her topsails and standing "u-as ahout to go below to make a report to the captain, when the lumping shadow of Pol's hulky sliape came along the deck. '• Peg pardon, Mr. Fielding," said lie, with ., loutish lift of his hand in the direction of pis ma-head, "how might der captain be, si''-" . . i, "1 am about to inquire. "Doie vlias notting wrong, all handts hope 'r" . 'No: a severe bruise. Nothing more sol-ions, 1 trust." " Vims der brick to be hove to ull nigbt ?" " Vaw." "To eomblete der watering in der morning, 1 xooppose •' Yaw." " Veil, Mr. Fielding, der men hov oxed me to say dot it der captain vill give leave and she vims not too sick to be troubled by der noise, dey vould like to celebrate der recovery of der dollars by two or dree leedle songs before der vateh vhaa called." This was another way of asking for a glass of grog for all hands. There could be no objection. The men had been much exposed throughout the heat of the day, and what could more righteously warrant a harmless festal-outburst than the recovery and tran shipment of a hundred and forty cases of Spanish dollars? 1 entered the cabin. The lady Aurora was still at table, but had long since ceased to eat She lay back in her chair, her head drooped, iter hands folded in the posture of one waiting. When I entered she lifted her head and smiled, her eyes brightened, her lips moved in the first framing of a sentence ; no word escaped her ; she pointed to a seat ami half rose from her own chair, as though in doubt where I was used to sit. I shook my head, nodded towards the door of the captain's berth, then at the clock under the sky-light, holding up my lingers that she might guess I would join her in ten minutes ; and so I passed on, hot in the face, and wonder ing whether it would be possible for me to communicate with her without making a fool of myself—for a fool I felt every time I ges ticulated, which I now think must have beeu owing to my hatred of t he French. Greaves lay in his bunk motionless, on liis back, but he was free from pain. Galloon ■sit on a chest near his head. I reported the stiairs of the brig, the distance and bearings ■oi the island, and the like. He asked how the weather looked. "It is a heavenly night," said I. It is hot in this hole," said he. " Plague seize the awkwardness that tripped me and has tloored me thus! Cue knows not what to do tor a bruise of this sort. Hut patience— •that's the physic for every sort of bruise, whether of the bones or of the soul. Jim tells me the Iudy has supped." '* She has, sir." " 1 am 6orry for the poor thing; but where is the woman that does not always want ■something more than she has? This time yesterday she would have given her hair— angels Llive! what would she not have given ?—to lie as she now is, safe aboard such a vessel as this; and now that she is Bafe aboard—rescued from raw terrapin und the risks of the society of two Spanish sailors (and I must like their looks better before i give them a handsomer name than thai)— she craves to be with her mother—very ■ntltural, of course—who is, probably, at the bottom of the ocean, and she wants to be put ashore at Lima." I delivered the request of the men, as •expressed by Yan Bol. Oh, yes. Let grog be served out to all taiids; and the men may sing, certainly, isturb me? Not down here. And I like my people to lie merry. Fortune has fiddled to-day; let the beggars dance." Jimmy was in the cabin. I liade him carry a can of rum to the men, and went on deck, Weening, without knowing how to answer, a 0(Jk of inquiry from the lady Aurora as I passed her. "Ti^6 ,-,eU may ,na'te merry," said I to Bol. i here i8 grog gone forward. Tell them 1 wt the c&ptuin; is free from pain ; and will i ou keep a look-out in the waist—or in the lead if y°u hlce, 'tis all one—whilst I get a ™te in the cabin ?" in ^ot v'" I- liy der vay, Mr. Field vim ^j88 ^ere von hoondred und dirty, or ,, 8 von hoondred and twenty, cases hrJi1 ,ou ')0ar<it? Vert* swears to von „ " rei*un<* dirly; Friendt, von hoondred una ,we"ty* * myself uounts von hoondred ilia "ty"two- ^ere vhas a leedle vager in vlitts aH"8' V°n Jay of tt mttn 8 groR' <iot | 'ma:!e one hundred and forty cases," , h; , 1,ut are they all dollars ?" clX bur8ti,,e iu o a laugh, I left him to ,bin^ ^at thought, and returned to the —jjjg^d to the lady, and took the chair I of Publishing this work has been pur c Proprietors ot The AuttralaHan. usually occupied at the table. She rose, I came to my side with a bottle of claret, I poured Borne into a glass, and made as if she I would wait upon me. I was not a little con-1 | founded. Her handsome presence, her fine | person emlmrrussed me. My career had but j poorly <iualitied me. tor an easy address in I conversing with ladies. Much of my life had | been spent upon the ocean, in the society of | some ol' the roughest of my own calling. | For months at a stretch 1 had never set eyes | on a woman, and when 1 was ashore, whether in foreign parts or in my own : country, the girls I fell in with were not of a , sort to teach me to know exactly what to do | when 1 chanced upon the company of a i Senorita Aurora. j 1 did the best I could with tire imperfect j and monkey-like speech of tire hands und i shoulders to induce her to desiBt from wait ing upon me and return to her chair; and in j this 1 was helped by the arrival of Jimmy, to , whom 1 gave several unnecessary orders, i ' merely to emphasise to the lady the desire. 1 gesticulated that she should sit, and oease to dome more honour than I had impudence ; to support. | Presently she pointed to the bottle of! claret—there stood hut one bottle on the i table—and looked at me in silence, hut with an expression of such eloquence as Jimmy himself could not have missed the meaning of. " Wine," said I. " Vine," she repeated ; and then to herself, " Pi'mo—vine ; vine—vine." I She next pointed to the piece of salt \ beef. I "Meat," said I. " Meat—came ; meat—came," she re peated. She pointed to several objects. I gave her the English names, and she pronounced them deliberately, in a rich voice, invariably taking the Spanish equivalent to the word, as though she wished me to observe it. I sat for about a (junrter of oil hour over my Bupper, and then, looking ut the clock significantly, and then up through the sky light, that she might gutiier my intention, I rose, giving her u little bow. She rose also, and, pointing upwards, tapped iier bosom, most clearly saying iu that way—"May 1 accompany you'i" "Si, senorita," said I, expending, as I believe, in those words the whole of my stock of her tongue. A fine smile lighted up her face, and she addressed me ; and what 1 reckon she said was that it would not take me long to learn Spanish. She picked up her hat, and then, looking at the table, pointed, and, showing her white teeth, said, " lireud—pan; meat— came ; vine—vinoand so on through the words I had interpreted, making not one blunder either of pronunciation or indica tion of the object, saving that she called wine vine, and ham yam. I conducted her on deck ; I believe Yan Bo I had been surveying us from the skylight; 1 perceived his big figure lurching forward when I emerged, and liis way of going made me suppose that he had been looking through the skylight with his eur bent. "An old ape | hath an old eye," thought I. as I watched j him disappear in the darkness. The crew were assembled on the forecastle and singing songs there. 'They had rigged up two or three lanterns and sat in the light of them, drinking rum- and-water out of mugs, and smoking pipes. A strange voice j was singing at that moment; 1 listened, and | guessed it to be one of the two Spaniards, i The girl paused and listened too. She then ejaculated, " Ay ! Ayme !" and went to the ; rail, and gazed out to sea. { There blew a soft wind, cool with dew, out j of the south-west. I looked for the island, but the shadow of it was blent like smoke with the darkness. 'The ripples ran in faint, small ivory curls, and the water was full of roaming glows of phosphorus. 'The Spanish sailor censed to sing. A fiddle struck up, screwing and squeaking into a tune which immediately set my toes tapping; a hoarse cough succeeded, and then rang out the roar ing voice of Travers— " EUlit bells had struck, and the starboard watch was called. And the larboard watch they went to their hammocks down below; Before seven hells 1 bo caso it was quite altered, And broad upon our lee-beam we sight a lofty foe. Up hammocks and down chests, O, the boatswain he piped next, And the drummer he was called, at quarters for to beat. We stowed our hammocks well Before we struck the bell, And we bore down upon her with a full and flowing sheet! (C'/tows) And we bore down upon her with a full and flowing shc-e-t 1" There were more verses. The chorus was always the same ; it burst with hurricane power from the lips of the English seamen, who sang with passion, as though in defiance of the Dutch and Spanish listeners ; and, in deed, the matter of the song was headlong and irresistible. The lady standing at the bulwark turned her head to listen, but when the noise had ended she sank her face afresh, J put her elbow on the rail, leaned her chin upon her hand, and so gazed straight out into the darkness. | Much had she to think of, and her weight | of memory would be the heavier, and the colour of it the sadder for her inability to communicate a syllable of what worked in her bruin, when she thought of the wreck in which her mother may have perished, or of the livid cinder of an island on which she had been imprisoned for four duys, of her present condition, and of her future. I wondered as I looked at her whether, if she had my language or I tiers, she would be im passioned and dramatic in the recital of her adventures, or whether she would talk quietly, describe without vehemence of speech or motion, prove herself, in short, the dignified apparently cold woman I found her in her compelled silence or speech? This I wondered whilst I watched her with an irritable yearning after words that I might speak. What had been the two sailors' behaviour to her on the island ? Where and how had she slept of nights there? What had been her sufferings in the open boat ? Who was she? Was she visiting Madrid to presently return to South America? She troubled my curiosity. She was as a book written in an unintelligible tongue, but curiously and beautifully embellished with plates which enable you to guess at the choiceness and profusion of the feast you are unable to sit at. Now Yan Bol sang a song. His voice rent the night, and I observed the lady erect her figure as though she hearkened with astonishment. I walked nft to take a look at the compass, und to see that the. binnacle lamp was burning well. " Who is this at the wheel ?" "Jorge, seiior." " You don't speak English, do you?" The man understood me, and shook his head. "Pretty cool fists," thought I, "to send this poor devil aft, whilst you enjoy yourselves with your songs and pipes and grog 1 Here is shipwrecked man; what care you ! He is a poor rag of a man, and very fit to be put upon ; so it has been, ' Aft with ye and grip tbem spokes, whilst a better man than e'er a mumping Spaniard in all Americay comes fdr'ard and enjoys him self.' " But it was not p.- matter to be mended whilst the fellows!were lri'the full of their jollification. ; i <, " Como ne llama eistoi^' exclaimed a voice at my elbow, and arsmall hand, gleaming with rings, was projected into the sheen of the binnacle lamp. I started, conceiving that the lady wbb still at the bulwark rail, deep in thought or listen ing to the singing. "I do not understand," said L " '0w you call, seiior?" exclaimed Jorge. She pointed to the compass, wanting its name in English. I pronounced the word and she echoed it very clearly ; then lightly laying her hand upon my arm she took a few steps forward, and, pointing to the sea, asked again in Spanish what that was called. In this way I gave her some dozen words ; and when I believed she was about to ask for more terms she, with her hand laid lightly on my arm, led me back to the wheel, and, pointing to the compass, pronounced its name in English, then indicated the sea, uttering the word, and so she went through the list she had got, blundering but once, at the word "star," which she pronounced zar. By this time the singing had come to an end; the starbowlines, as the starboard watch was then termed, were dropping below; the lady went to the skylight and looked at the time; then, coming up to me, she put her hand out and said— Buetum noches, caballero." I answered, "Good-night, senorita." She shook her head; by the cabin lamp light bowing up through the open frames I saw her smiling. She repeated, "Good night, cabal lero," in Spanish. Seeing her wish, I said good-night iu the same ian guage, imitating her accent. " Ea admirable.'" she exclaimed, and then went toward the companion-way, meaning to go below. But I had resolved that this handsome amiable, lovely Spanish lady should be made as comfortable on board us as the resources of the brig permitted, and I detained her by a polite gesture whilst I called to one of the men forward to send Antonio aft. The fellow was turned in and he kept us waiting ten minutes, during which the lady and I stood dumb as a pair of ghosts, she no doubt wondering why I held her on deck, though she did not exhibit the least uneasi ness in her bearing so far as I was able to make out iu the starlit darkness. When Antonio appeared I requested him to ask the lady if she wished for anything the brig could supply her with. Antonio translated sulkily and sleepily. " No. seiior," said he, "the lady wants for nothing. She is wearied and entreats per mission to retire to rest." I was convinced that the villain had manu factured this answer to enable him to return speedily to liis own bed. But I was help less. When the lady went below I told Antonio to send one of the men out of my watch to relieve Jorge at the wheel, and I then de scended into the cabin to make a report to Greaves and to hear how'he did. Jimmy was clearing up for the night I inquired after the captain, and the youth told me he was asleep. " Has he complained of pain !" " No, master." " Where's Galloon?" " Along with the captain, master." " Has the dog been fed to-day ?" Oh, yes. He had a copper-fastened buster at noon—a heart o' oak blow-out" " Wl»at did you give him?" said I, not doubting the lad's affection for the dog, but fearing that the poor brute might have been overlooked iu the hurry and excitement of the dav. " As much beef-steak as he could swallow master." ' " There are no beef-steaks on board this ship," said I. " If the captain and Gallon were here we should have a concert But I believe you when you tell me that you have fed the dog." " More'n he wanted, master." I bade him put a spare mattress into my bunk—we carried a stock of spare bedding, a slop lot of Amsterdam stuff—and I then re turned on deck. Two hours of watch luy be fore me, and my heart went m a gallop and my brain in a waltz through the earlier port of that time. I found leisure for thought now: the hush of the ocean night was upon the brig; tio sound reached me from the fore castle. The stars shone brightly in the dark sky, and many meteors of crystal- white fires ran and broke over our mastheads, bursting like rockets immeasurably distant, and leav ing glowing trails, which palpitated for some minutes. The hope of the voyage was realised. Under foot lay half a million of dollars, and six thousand pounds of it were to be mine 1 la it wonderful that my spirits should have sang, that heart and brain should have danoed ? But with this noble fulfilment of the half hearted hope of many weeks was mixed the romance of the presence of a handsome Spanish woman in the ship. One thought of her as coming on I>oar<l with the dollars— as the princess of the island pining for civili sation and shipping herself and the treasure of her little dominion for the life and delights of a great and populous city of the Old "World. She it was, I think, that set my hrain a-waltzing, if it were the dollars which made my heart gallop and my spirit shout within me. I tell you it was an o.hl. intoxicating mixture of the picturesque, the heroic, the romantic for a plain young sailor-man like me to put his lips to and drain down. To be sure the influence of the Spanish lady upon me was no more than the influence of bright eyes, of white teeth, of a tine person, of a head of magnificent hair. And what sort of in fluence would that be. prayWhy, heart alive ! O what hut a mingling of light with thought, an arcana to haunt all fancy of other things, giving a sparkle to tiie commonplace, putting foam and sweetness into cuos of flatness. Do you who are reading this know how deep, know by the expenen.ee of months of weevils, corned horse, and the curses of constipated sailors, how deep is the deep monotony of life ou shipyard? If the depth ot this monotony be known to you, then will you understand wbyitsbouldbethat the presence, yea, the presence imrdy. of a handsome woman, her glances, the flash of her white teeth, the eloquent hinting bv movement and posture at a hidden shape of beauty, should mingle a few threads of gold with the coarse, grey, brine-drenched worsted of the sailor's daily life—of such a daily life as mine: should touch with lustre his mechanic habits and trains of thought us the wake of his ship in the night of the tropic ocean is l«?autitied with the (iery seeds and radiant foam-bells of the sea-giow. And now I have intelligently and poetically explained why it was that I walked out some time of the remainder or my watch on deck with my blood in a dancean 1 my spirits singing clearly. Hat as I paced I grew grave under tiie shadow of a fancy—not yet to call it fear. ' Suppose the crew should rise and seize the hrig'- This was a notion that was lixedly present to Greaves during the outward pas sage. because he had htcsru. when I doubted, that the half million of dollars were in the' shin in the cave, and upon that conviction j lie could base acute realisation of what mijht i happen when the. money was transhipped. ; 1\. on the other hand, had never seriously 1 considered the possibility of piracy. The money must be in the brig before I conld solemnly compass all the responsibility its possession implied. Bat the money was now on board, and six thousand poundsof it were mine, and my spirits fell as I paced the quarter-deck, looking around die wide gloom mid saying to myself—"Supposing this treasure of half a million of dollars should presently start the men into a determination to seize the brig 1 'There were but two of lis —Greaves and I—at our end of the ship, t ould we count npon Jimmy ? At the other end was now an addition of two Spaniards— cut-throats at heart for all one knew—with knives as thirsty for blood as an English sailor's throat fur rum."' Why should I have thought thus? Xothing whatever had happened to put fancies of this sort into mj head. Was it not the being able to understand that thirty thousand of tiie thousands in the lazarette were to be miue that set me reflecting with a sudden dark anxiety when the question arose, "Suppose the crew should rise and take the brig?" l" The needy traveller, serene and jay. Walks the wild heath, atid sings his toil an ay. Does envy seize thee? Crash the upbraiding jov, Increase liis riches, and his peace desuov : New fears in dire vk-Usi tude invade, The- rustling brake ak.ru;*. and quivering shade ; Nor light nor darkness brings his pain relief, Oi.e shows the plunder, and one hides the thief." 1 here was comfort, however, if not safety, in tins consideration : ret a man forward, from Bol down to Jimmy, had any knowledge of navigation. AA'har. then, would thev be able to do with the brig if they seized her? They , might spread a chart of the world and say, " Here we are i<of. and there is America, and there are the East Indies, and down . there is Xew Holland, and up there is China, j and if we steadily head in one direction, no : matter at what point of the compass the bovsprit looks, we are bound to run some thing down. whether it be a continent or one s o: the poles." AVell. that is how sailors might talk in a ! book designed for the young. Before the ' stamen forward rose and seized this brig. 1 that was now a very valuable bottom, as cargoes then went, they would ask of one another, " AA'hat are we going to do with the j ship when we have her ? AA'here are we going j to carry her, and, having hit on a spot, how ' are we going to navigate her there?" This I j chose to think, and, indeed, I had no doubt of it. and I drew comlort from die con clusion : l>ut all the satne, my spirits having sunk, remained low throughout the rest of my watch. ~ . I was uneasy. I caught myself arresting my steps when my walk carried me towards the gangway whenever I heard the sound of a man's voice. O, God, to think of what a hell of passions this tiny speck of brig was capable of holding! To think of the large and bloody tragedy this minim of the build ing- yards conld lind a theatre for? Never had I so utterly felt human insignificance at sea as I did this night, when I looked over the rail and searched the smoky void of the horizon for the smudge of the island, till, for the relief of my sight, I watched a 6tar. "I'll tell you what it is, AA'illiatn Field ing," said I to myself, "your blood is over heated, your spirits are over-excited. By this picking up to-day of a fortune—a noble fortune to yon, my boy—of six thousand ponnd6. and by the sudden and novel com panionship of a dark and splendid Jady, the pulses of yonrbody have beemset a-liammer ing too Fast. They must 6leep, or excitement will make you sick." Eight Itelis was struck. Bol came along, and I went below to see if the captain was awake. He oddiessed me on my entering liis cabin. I reported the little there was to tell. He said that the pain in his side was easier; that he could move without the anguish of the afternoon. " I shall lie by all night," said he, " and hope to be np and about again in the morn ing." Hie then inquired about the situation of the island, the appearance of the weather, the sail under which the brig lay, whether any vesselhad hove in sight, and added— "Ityon should awaken in your watch, go on neck ond fake a look round: though 1 trust Bol." I went on deck to give the Dutchman the ~ogsof the island and onr distance from Ig was sullen with sleep. Likely as not , 'pan whieh Jimmy had filled contained iireliquor than should have gone forward j"saidL "There «shift of wind that will put the ■ fpr leQ, with nobody to guess .and until were upon it." E^iii "bright look-out,*' be •B^Wered; "bntvould to Cott dere vitas •oinore look-ouU tde roe I I vfaat dam'dt-! I sick of lookin« out. I bov been looking out, ' l.v tumler. for o:Vr twenty year, and hov ! seen noting till -lis day : ami den she vims ; to be carried round der Hoom to Amsterdam , before slievbas all right.'' _ ^ , I 1 went to my berth. Hxcitemem nnd sub Ui.lod since niv tew words to Greaves. 1. i pitched into niy butik, and was sound , 'isleep in a minute. 1 was awakened by the | weight ot a heavy hand and by the sound ot a ! llC'°^\Ir°RFielding. I do not like der look ot ' i der veather. 1 believe dere vbas a gale of j i vind on her vay here." I i "What is the hour, Hull' n | i " She vhas a quarter past dree. ; | I went on deck, and observed .that the sky , in the north was as black as pitch, Oyer ' jiead the stars were dim and tew, but they , burnt freely and brightly in the south. 1: : caught a moaning tone in the wind, that had ■ ' considerablv freshened since 1 left the deck :. 1 and the brig, hove-to under whole topsails, : was lying o\er somewhat steeply, with the, ; seas to windward, slapping at her rounded ■ side, hissing off in pale yeasty sheets, and I dickering snappishly into the gloom to lee- . jWI1"Call all hands and close-reef both top- j sails." said I. . > ! I ran below to report to Greaves. A : I bracket-lamp burnt feebly in his cawn. He ; was wide awake, and his dark eyes, with the ; ' glance of the small yellow tlame upon them, j i looked twice their usual size. _ I I "It is coming on to blow, sir. j | " Well, snug down and put yourself to lee-. I ward of the island, anyhow.' , i shall I heave her to. then, for water-j " Judge for vourself. The brig is in your i ! hands, if it comes hard let her go. keep a ! sharp look-out for the island. Have you its ; bearings -it ! "Hoi should have them, said _ 1. i have been turned in since midnight, j I regained the deck. The_ creu were vawliug at the reef-tackles aud singing out at the main-braces to trim the yards for reel ing. There was much noise. The wind was | steadilv freshening, and through the groans ; and pipings of it aloft ran the sharp, salt hiss j of small seas, bursting suddenly, and with - temper under the level lash of the wind. 1 shouted to Bob who came out of the blacK ness in the waist. " Where do von make the island ? " She'll hear sou'-east." he answered. I stepped to the compass. . , . ., " There's heen a shift of wind since niirt* night. It was nor'-nor'-west, and now its come north. Since when f' . . " ow. she freshened out of der north in a leedle squall. Dot vhas when I called yon. I swept the wide, dark reach of the southern line of sea with the glass: but had the island been as big as Kngland it would have been , sunk in the peculiar smoky thickness of the ; dusk that yet, strangely enough, formed a I clear atmosphere for the stars to shine; through. I say I swept the ocean with the ; glass, but to no purpose. An eld sailor once . laudie l at me for using an ordinary day tele- j scopt3 at night. I told him that what would j mamiifv a coloured' object would magnify j a shadow; and he afterwards owned that! he talked out of prejudice; had looked _ through a telescope since in the darkness and , discovered that I was right. . The men reefed the topsails smartly, ana not being able to see the island, and not choosing to trust Bol's conjectures as to its situation, I headed the brig due east, setting ■; the reefed foresail and trysail alonff with] some fore and aft canvas to give her heels. It; blackened rapidly overhead; every star; perished. In a few minutes there was not a! IHit visible up in God's heights ; all the lire • was l>e!ow. and the sea was beginning to run ; in tinmes like oil burning. Tins shining in j the sea was a blindness to the sight, for it j brought die skv down black as a midnight; fo.' to the very sip and spit of the surge. « ef held on, crushing through it, for the wind , having swiftly swept up into a fresh breeze, j had on a sudden roared into half a gale, and j the brig was smokingforwards as she plunged, > with a heel to leeward when the sea took her, ; that brought the white and fiery smother' within hand-reach of the gangway rails. i I stood at the binnacle: Hoi was at my j side ; two hands were stationed on the '°°k-; out -'the crew remained on deck. They had j "Ot to hear that Hoi had lost the bearings of I Hie island, and though the watch might lie t called, no inan was going below on such a , night of sudden tempest as this, with a liurn- j cane awav behind the windward blackness, ; for all wtfkneiv, and this side the horizon as j deadly a heap of fangs as ever bit a slnp ui J tW"ini has glad if he lightned," said Hoi. ''It \ vhas strangeif der island did not show on der J starl>oard quarter there." .... . •' It was strange." said I, mimicking htm in j my temper, "that you should tall asleep in j vour watch on deck with land close aboard ye. ' " By Cott, den " , _ , . . Rain at that instant struck the brig in a, whole sheet of water. It came along with a roar and shriek of wind and wet. the cataractal drench was swept in steam off our decks bv the black squall it blew along in: the lieice slap of it tired the sea, ana we washed through an ocean of light, pale and gr^l"y Cott, den " bawled Bol. "Breakers ahead!" roared a voice from the forecastle. . " Breakers on the lee-bow ! cried another ^°ltwas like being blinded and shocked by lightning to hear those cries. They were paralysing. For an instant I looked and listened idly. 1 Then—" Hard a starboard every Bpoke ! Hard a starboard every spoke!" I shouted, and flung myself upon the wheel to help the men there, roaring meanwhile to Bol to coll hands to the main braces mid to get the fore tack and sheet raised. He rushed forward thundering. Never had Dutchman the like of such a voice as Bob ... ... The brig was in the wind ; she was pitch ing furious!v head to sea, the canvas thrash ing in the blackness, the gale splitting in lunatic shrieks upon every rope and spar, the strange, hoarse shouts of the seamen rising and falling in shuddering notes upon the clamour that surged above as the water rolled below. I had tied from the wheel to the side to j look for the land, and was straining my vision against the wet obscurity in va.n search ot the white water of breakers, or of the over hanging midnight shadow that should denote the island close aboard, when—the brig struck! a violent shock ran through the length of her; every timber thrilled as though a mine had been sprung under her keel. "Oh, God, that it should have come to it!" I thought. _ " Round with that foreyard, men, 1 roared; "don't let her hang! (font let her hang!" Again the brig struck. A sort ot raging chorus lull of curses and the passion of terror broke from the seamen as they Aramrwt. The rain cleared as suddenly as at hadbegun, the brig's head was paving off. and my heart swelled in thanks as she fisted over to larboard, trembling toa blow of sea that rose in a monntain of mils upon her **"*• . t" * * I " Where are you, Fielding?" shouted the voice of t>reaves, | I "Hero, sir." i He was standing in the hatch, gripping the companion for support, but his voice had the old ring. " What have you done with the brig?" "White water was just now reported. 1 don't see it. 1 don't see the land—yet we 1 struck." | " No," he answered coolly, " it was we who . were struck. There is no land. Look there —and there—and there \ Those are your shoals." At the moment of his speaking one of the sublimest, most beautiful sights which the 1 ocean, prodigal as she is in niarwls of terror • and splendour, can offer to the sight of man was visible round about us. In at least a j dozen different parts of the blackness that j stoojied to the luminous peaks of the seas 1; beheld flaming fountains, glittering lines I rising and feathering to the gale, coming and going, blowing pale and yet splendid—every J jet so luminous that the scoring of the i darkness by it was as defined as the track of j a rocket. They soared and fell in a breath-; ing way. some near, some afar, ever varying j their distances, and one snoied like an! escape of steam within a biscuit toss of our i weather beam, and the liery shower hashed on the wind betwixt our masts with a hiss like a volley of shot tearing the surface of water. "'A school of whales." shouted Greaves. " One of them plumped into us. Now, get ] your topsail aback, Fielding—get your top sail aback, and stop her till the beasts go clear, or they'll be butting us into staves. Jump for the well, and get a cast" 'The tnen, hearing their captain's voice, | were quieted. They came to the braces, and, j without disorder or any note of cursing terror i in their voices, brought the brig to a halt. 11 dropped the rod and found the vessel stauuch; sounded the well four or live times, and always found her staunch. The | wondrous luminous appearances vanished, and the blacker hours of the night before the dawn closed upon us in an impenetrable dye, but with less weight in the wind and with j less fire in Hie sea. . j " Furl the foresail and let the brig lie as she is till dawn," said Greaves, and walked | slowly from one side of the deck to the other, looking forth, pausing long to look; then, with slow motions, he went below, and stretched himself at full length upon a locker, with a hand upon his side. My watch came rouud at four ; but, in any case, I should have watched the brig through the darkness. Some while before dawn the wind was spent, the stars glowing, the sea fast slackening its heave, with the muck that had troubled and drenched us settling away in a shadow south and west. At last broke the day. Melancholy is day break at sea. 'There is nothing sadder in nature: nothing that so sinks the spirits of the watcher who suffers himself to be visited by the full spirit of the sight. On shore ; there is the chirrup and harmonies ot birds, the rosy streaking of the sky over the hill ! tops; the vane of the church spire burns, the j cock crows heartily, the farmyard is in! motion, the smell of the country rises in an 1 incense as the sun springs into the sky. Hut j at sea the cold iron-grey of the breaking ! mom is retimed in the boundless waste. There is nothing to catch the light of the springing sun save the clouds. The vast solitude briuis into the unbroken distance, and cold is the ashen sky, and cold the pic ture of the ship, as it steals out of the dark ness of the night. The melancholy, how ever, is but in the dawn's l>eginning. When the sun rises there is a splendour of colours at sea which you will not find ashore. The ocean is a mirror that reverberates the light j of day. Times are when the deep liings its own prismatic glories upon the sky. This ] have 1 marked at sunrise, when the Hash of the luminary has sunk into the heart of the : sea, when all is blueness and dazzle below, and above a sky of high impacted cloud, delicate as llowcrs and figures of frost aud j snow upon a window-pane, charged with the I colours of the great eye of ocean looking up at it. " There's the island," said I to myself. ' I snatched up the glass, and resolved the! tiny piece of shading upon the horizon into ' tlie proportions of the ugly rock of cinders. It was twelve or fourteen miles distant down on tlie lee quarter. "The deuce!"' thought L "What lias been our drift ? Where has the brig been running to? And yet Greaves told me be j could tru6t Itol!" I looked through the skylight, and imme diately the captain, who lay upon the locker, opened his eyes and fastened tnem upon me. " The island is in sight, sir." " How far distant?" I made answer. He asked a few questions, then bade uie eliift the brig's helm for the j rock to complete our watering. Twenty j minutes later we were standing once more for the island, with all plain sail heaped upon the brig, and a quiet air of wind blowing dead on end over tfie taffrail. 