By the Lotta Fountain. Three unknown, bat blighted individuals met at midnight under the reflections from the old iron of Lotta's Fountain. " This town is no plaoa for me," said the first. " Although I am the Original Matri monial Bureau, my fame is overcast. Mayer's Bureau for Private transaction with poor and hungry foreign princes has cooked my goose forever." " Look at me," -whispered a second. " I was portly and rich; BOW X am only a ghost of myself. I was an Endowment Association, and a party named Tobin exposed my little game of Assurance." " Foolish ones-T said a third. " Too have made bad breaks, and must lie low for a while. Bat yon, my dear Matrimonial, will still find Country Fiats and City Dudes. Ton, my respected Endowment Association can poll np stakes and go to Seattle. But I have no such resource. I am Completely Dished." He pulled aside his cloak, and gazing op oh him, they shrank in dismay. " Yon are light," they said, speaking to gether. " We cannot associate with yon any longer. A Life-Saving service that does not Save Life is somewhat of a blander. Go bury yoarself in a sand-hill." BENJAMIN Franklin was onee travelling in eold weather and saw no vaoant place at the tavern-fire where he eoold warn himself. He cried out the order: "Half a peck of oyBterB in the shell for my herse." Upon this, all the fire-place crowd rushed out to see a horse eat oysters. Very soon the bustler returned and said: "Why, sir, your horse won't eat th* oysters." " Wont he ?" said Franklin, now comfort fortably seated by the fireside; " well, then, bring them in and cook them and I'll eat them myself." A HOUSEHOLDEB discovered that a Bp ark bom a neighboring conflagration had fallen upon his own slightly slanting roof, andhsd set fire to the BhingleB. All the buckets and tubs had gone to the big fire, and there was no one to send after them, even had there been time for snch a measure; but the man was equal to the emergency. He rnshed to a pond near by, and deliberately sat down in the water. To ran upstairs and oat upon the roof was the work of a moment, and then he "sat on "the fire in. more senses than one, and saved the house. IT is characteristic of some good-natured men alwaj s to agree with those with whom they converse. It is with them a point of politeness never to differ, which eort of politeness is certainly a very amiable kind of tact. We have a capital instance of the value of this policy in the sensible speech of _ the man who, daring one of the Belfast riots* was asked by a mob what his religion was. He did not know whether his interrogators were Catholics or Protestants, but he looked at their weapons, thsir bludgeons, and their firearms, surveyed all carefully and answered : *' Gentlemen, I am of the same opinion as that gentleman there with the big axe." A COLONEII in the French army who had a great eye for neatness, but not much of an ear for music, took occasion one day to com pliment his band-master on the appearanoa of his men. . «. Their uniforms are neat, said the colonel, " and their instruments are nicely polished and kept in order, but there is ona improvement that I must insist upon." " What is it, colonel ?" " jou must train yon men, when they per form, to lift their fingers all at exactly the. same time and at regular intervals on their instruments, so-one, two 1 on^two if TEE eel lays its eggs, or brings forth its young alive, in the sea, where no one has -a chance to observe the process. Other fishes, like the shad, leave the ocean to spawn in fresh-water streams, bp.t this curious and slippery customer does precisely the reverse. The young eels, newly born or batohed, leave the salt water, and make their way in armies op the rivets inland. 