The Blotting Pad. Arbor Day Famed away. None too gay. Yet For each tree Planted we Like to see Wet. But the rain Gomel again, "We with pain <h t Bather riled . For each child Weather wild Wet. Poetry Cannot be , Writ if we •Let. . .Spiritsfoil. As they always do in "Wet •So weeport Verses short, Just a quart- < Btte. . . Don't be vex.t, 1 Better nest • . Time We hope yon ma; loot/or if by any chance our sanctum keeps dry or there should be a change of such; a nature to prevent our repeating our expressions of disgust at the •weather for continuing • Wet.' * .« Imitation is tbe. sincerest flattery, . some people say, and wo iodgbtio Jeel pieced that someone writing verses for a contemporary haa chosen to call himself a " Blotting Pad Contributor." It is . a.. mere trifle that the Blotting Pad never hada - contributor in its life. Whatever .it give; yon—good," bad, or indifferent—is its own: Of courtie, this is a free oountry, and a man may oall himself Shakespeare' if he likes, or Deeming if he prefers it. Some people, it is true, have •triot ideas With regard to literary taste, and would cavil at a pilfering of or meddling with another man's pen name. Batwe doteon compliment* and flattery, and therefore thoroughly appreciate that involved In the imitation of our weather-beaten ten-year-old' heading. If the imitation ever goes beyond the title it will, of course, bea, different thing. ' And all things are possible. Many a man has fanoied himself a rhymester whoin his youth wrote even poorer stuff than that referred to, and was almost BE ignorantjot the laws of prosody. Lest we should, be tempted to say anything unkind we will tjisngtf'tfit subject. Memory recalls the fact that the compositor who wrestled with onr execrable handwriting for last issue made ua make" straws" rhyme with "course.*' Of course the latter should have-been "cause." And " polite" in the same stanza ought tohave been "politic." Protection probably is the latter at all times, but its politeness has never been insisted on. But on Saturday night we shot the compositor and buried hie body iu the sand below Lennox Bridge. On offering to give ourselves into Custody, Mr. Latimer said it was useless, and there wes no need to take up the officials' time,since no jury would convict. The coroner has • even « "dispensed » with » an inquest.*' We bad a charming experience in Churchstreet, Parramatts, on Saturday night. All the world from all the country round parades it from aeven b'clook till ten, as all the'world knows. To ,ke in the world we try to go and do likewise,' but have often had some .little trouble in getting along. It appearcto be the idea of a great many of our young men— and for the (natter of that young women too— that the footj>»ths are made for thfcim to stand on and diaoasa anything, from' the viotoryof Gladstone to those oftheParramatta Oniei. Footpaasengers have been deemed provided for'1>y the rb^ way, Or it theyjwiu stick to the asphalt have had to dunbp the last figure of the Taiicefs—«n eternal grand chifin —from ttie Fountain to tbb river. '.Wd 'have! often eounteSth^ tost of fotcto^ OMWajr ahrtg' —bathavg ^ Saturday, a wsrtjsemberof "the foorce" vras told'offfto keepthe w clear. And be did it 1 Poliely-^Wi^Blooming Politefol" could not have beattfchim—but he did;it. And It was ante of theijagest variety—tweOa* nuta in faot—to os to follow in the wake of Hie arm of tbe law, and for nnee enjoy a walk that in its way ia a walk weUWorth taking—tint down Parramatta's principal street on Saturday evening. ^ ^ ^ It has a character ot its own, has Chnrabstreet, at snob times. Busidents in the city may smile at its being mentioned as a sight while theirs are available. Bat sll who know their Bydnejr are aware that the people to be met in its streets in the evening nivide themselves topographically as it were, with great rigidity. Those who frequent the middle part of the Georgp-street artery sdffier from those to be found south of the oathedrflljaa muoh as they do from those who 'promenade to the north of Hunter-street, or from the frequenters of Oxford-street. Parramatta's promenadere are not like rather, being a blend of her own, with eufiMeiSadmixture from without to make the crowd of featurday evening differ from that of any otherjpart of tbe week. As a study of •*nankind-itatt not to be beaten, and as one of womankindr.Bu|. -.Uiat 4a A lthing we -never study and infactive don't want to study anything to-day. This is getting too prosaio and serious, and goodnesB knows we have no desire to prose. * •• .. ... • » • Tbe members for Central Cumberland are on the warpath, «nd so mistake. Fancy, all fou r on the job at onoe, and all four demanding culverts, etc., for ail parts ofthe electorate. They Were at it on Wednesday, and the preternatural activity of the last few weeks appears -tos have been still further improved upon, till people of fin irreverent turn are asking'"*?hether-this r means,any thing. As if that sort of thing sver meant' anything but a lnudsble "anddisinterested desire to do their duty, to their constituents. It is. quite true that some people Mil persist in connecting this wilh the confidential Christmas. As if it were at all likely the fteidite's would venture,on each a «nov0,orhav6 the ghost of a chance of eucceBS in it. Now-aidays, Parliaments do not bel^ve.in the?'happy. dienatoh "—not even of buBinbBsj - - • • * The New South Wales lacrosse boys won their first match' against All-Queensland on Saturday by six soalB to five. Evidently a weU-coniastedtnatch, and one that is creditable to our team. Good M ite players are there are many quite as good Who could not go, ajnd if the match had,been played in Sydney the local team would have been stronger. As it appears, however, it is strong enough.. Three country matches baTe. to be played during the week, and a return -matoh igainat •Queensland «s ft whole on Saturday next. There are two players from our diBtriet—Lord and Epps, both of Granville's senior plilb, the Mio^icans. ' Harry Lord is finti' t>f the best all-found players in Australia, and EppB haB merits of his own. As a raconteur tie appropriates the maoaroone, and. we long to bear his accounts pi his interview with the .'Governor and the " Norman push." Between ourselves, we are expecting two or three • Bars • from * him for * the Fact • ' Very wisely those proposing to deal with the funds oollected for tbe Granville Cottage Hospital have decided not to aot hurriedly. The meeting which assembled last week was not a large one, nor could jit in any way be called representative. There are those who say that it is only those who donated who should b&ve;'fc voice in the matter, but this in itself is pretty comprehensive. Some gave money and some gave other assistance, and ever eo little of either must give some voioe in the matter of the disposal of funds. Ab yet no one seemB to raise any objection to Mr. Cfee's new proposal, bat to hurry matters'would 1 be to'ehurt it. • ' ' • : • * * "Trialby Jury" over ngain is good news. Local musical .talent is good talent and ought not to be left idle; • 'And Why not open, as well as operetta? We do> remember the local " Patience," and right good it was. -Othbrs of the same. Savoy pattern • would prove boons. -The costumes for tbe "Mikado" and the " Yeoinen " may be too costly, but those of tbe "Pirates" are not'eo~ nor are thbBe Of the " Gondoliers." And what is there against the evergreen •• Pinafore f" It was the lyricodramatic success of tbe century, and will .stand a'lot of wear and tear yet. 