The jfhatitdm Sliijl Of tllfi daprictirft GsdujJ; (BY S. E. A.) In 18— Heft Ifambiirg in tho barque Ramesos, bound for Rockhampton, a Queensland port. Whilo coming down tho Channel I loarnt from my second officer that he had been in the Vessel since she was lnttnchedi and tlmt for live years s(io Had Uebri botitttjiltldtJd and part owned by a Captitin Sitb'ta- cault, a Russian Finn, and who, after sailing her successfully and' profitably for that period, sold his slinro and invested all he had in a fine screw steamer of whioh ho took command, but on his first voyago in hor slio collided with another steamer, which received such injuries that she sunk shortly after, nnd & number of her passengers and crew Welit down with hot. Tho narratlvo of the survivors stated that the people iii ifiiu Dinning Duipj ucreiwieu unit shrieked; ntld bsggbd of Cdptaiu Skcta- catilt to stay by thbrii, and that ho did so' for a short timo, but only long enough to ascertain that his own ship was making no water, when- ho turned hor round, steamed ahead, . and disappeared in the darkness, giving ono prolonged blast of his steam whistle (as it soemod to the poor drowning souls in derision) ns he left thorn to thoir fate. Cnptnin Skotncault nnd his steamer, however, never renclied their port of destination, and wore never heard of aftor she vanished ffollt thd scene of tho collision with tho long hoWl of hor whistlo, nnd the presumption was that slio received injuries bolow the water line, Which did not immediately dovoiop n leak, hut afterwards caused her tu founder, for tho crew of tho othor vessel declared they distinctly heard tho cantnin call out to his enrponter to ascertain if she was making water, nnd that ho was replied to, No, sir, orory compartment is dry. My second, officer (Mr. Wilson) wont on to say that, tho Rambscs had ihndo a voyage to Cnllno, tinder command of i« Captain Williamson, so that I was tlio third master who had sailed hor. I askod him why Captain W. left hor, nnd ho hesitated nt first, hut on my pressing him he snid Captain W. was vory super stitious, nnd thero had beon a yarn amongBt officers and crow that Captain Sketncnult had beon seon on board tlio barque when at Ben, and that ho believed he had seen him himself standing on the foro part of tho poop. I laughed, being thoroughly sceptical in such matters, bat I asked the second mato to iuii mo Mru wnoro circumsbunces, ana x will let him sponk for himself, He said, I left London in the Rameses, with Captain W. bound to Cnllao. When she sailed Cnptnin Sketncnult hnd not left with his steamer. We hnd very heavy weather in tho Channel, and vory light N.E. trades, but thero was nothing out of the com mon happened until wo were in tho vicinity of tho Falkland Islands, wlion we foil in with n heavy gale of wind which obliged us to hoavo to under a close roofed main topsail. One nielit, during tho middle watch, I had charge of the deck, and was sitting on tho transom ensil abaft tho wheel, when to iny surprise I saw . a ' man . standing nt tho fore part of tho poop, and turn and walk along the weather side of tho dock : back wards and forwards . twice, whose .ap pearance did not resemble either the captain or any of the crew, so I got up and walked towards the break of the loop, the man being in front of mo. There was a moon, but every hour and then obscured by the scud flying' across her, but in a momentary break of tho clouds, I was startlod at the resem blance the figure before me bore to Captain Skotncault, nnd at the same instant I lost sight of him ; but ns the moon had densely clouded ngain, I per- Bunded myself that whichovor of tho crew it was, ho hnd gone down tbo ladder on to tho main deck, nnd I.Btood trying to distinguish him in tho obscurity that prevailed thero. I could not for tho life of me holp a little feeling of nervousness creeping ovor mo, although not naturally superstitious, and it wns quite a relief when the helmsman ran briskly up the ladder to loeward, to' re turn to the wheel, which I 'had allowed him to'lenvo for a few minutes, the tillor boing lashed " n-lee" as the ship was "hove to." I'.wiib still looking forward about the main deck when tho helms man said, in a subdued voico, "Tho captain, sir." I turned immediately, and I received quite a shock when I saw, standing nt the binnacle, not tlio captain, but tho figuro which had just boforo mystified mo, and which I was now con vinced resembled in a wonderful degree my old captain. Aftor somo hositntion I walked nft trying to convince uiyBolf it wns tho present captain who had corao up un seen by mo nnd was looking how sho was " heading." Tho helmsman had reached the whcol, ana appeared to ino to be peering into tho captain's fnco ; but as I got alongside of him tho hoam from tho binnacle light, as tho bnrquo gavo an unusually heavy divo into a son flitted across tho face of tho figure standing nt tho binnaclo, and I folt as if turned to stone, for I distinctly saw tho foaturos of Captain Skotncault, aud tho next moment ho walked quickly to tho front of tho poop. Any attompt at making mysolf believe I hnd beon sub ject to an ocular dolttsion wns dispelled by tho helmsman's enquiring . in a startled ."voice,-. " Who was that, sir? IIo's none of our puoplo." ' As soon as/ I could recover myself I replied', " Why, Captain Williamson,- of course," nnd I walked forward nt dnco, but I could see 110 ono from the brenk of tho poop. 1 thou returned to the binnacle, and the helmsman ngain remarked, " That Was not Cnjttniil Williilmsoii, sir." I rcpliod, very inttch ngninst my own convictions, " Of course it was," in a tono that gttvo no oncourngcmont for further remark. At 4 a.m. I wns reliovcd by tho chief officr, and 1 Wont bolow nnd knocked at tlto door of tho captain's cabin and re ported tlio weather, l-Io scorned irritated lit being Wolto, and said, "You might ItavO let me sledp if tliore is no chttuge of Weitthef." 1 replied, " I thought you tVould have hardly tilrtted in again." He said, "What do yotl ltiean ?" I said, " As you weeb' oti deck A little whilo nf.o." . Ho snid, . sharply, " I havo not wolto since 12 o'clock. I am not awaro I am a somnambulist." Ho evidently noticed something in my manner, nnd said, "Can't you explain yourself, . Wilson ? " And after Borne hositntion I told him about tho Btrango figure. He laughed my convictions to Scorn, itiid. siliclj " Wo 11 find Captain Skotncault iii the mottling; We have a stowaway on bonrd." I ttertt td ittf bunk, nnd was nervous enough to fasten tho door of my room. At eight hells tho next morning tho enrponter and chief officer searched tho ship unsucccss<i fully for stowaways. No one but my: self knew Captain Skotncault, so I had no support from the helmsman in my hallucination, ns it wns called by tho captain, though I aui certain he was no>t sceptical When, on arrival at Callao, after calling nt Malic, ftty English letters do- scribed the Collision - and the noil/ appearance 6f Captain Skotncttult's vessel, nnd that it occurred ott the' very- night I had Boon him on hoard the Rameses. Like Captain Williamson, my prede cessor, I laughed at tho second mate's yarn at its conclusion, for I was thor oughly sceptical in auvthing of the spirit lino oxcopt when enclosed in silky oak nnd iron hoops, but knowing that Jack as a rulo is superstitious, I re marked to Wilson that 1 would not toll the yat'n on board ngnin, or w;e should hiivo Sttetaeault breaking into th<is steward's pnutry ttud collaring thl- rest of tho snirita. , lis I did not oncourngo Wilson to broach tho mntter ngain, but in casually looking" into his room I saw sovoral bks on spiritualism, tho Night Side of Naturef &c.; No doubt ho had been reading upL trying to accouut for Captain S's wrnithf which I was euro ho implicitly believed he had sfcen, and to hnvo found bin making a fourth nt tiio Ctlddy table would not havo surprised him. Wo iiito crossed the equator, and had vory ligh and very scant South-east trades, and i looked ns if I was going to make a Ion; 8 passage, which iB especially annoyinj to a master on his first voyago witli nei " owners ; but aftor passing the Gape e , Good Hope, wo had a succession < T Wosterly and North-west gnlos, and e wns evident wo were making up for bn ' trades in ruuniuR down tlio Basting, i J Ono day tho wind foil light, nnd nnany ciock caim. inero was a neavy Westerly swell, and there wore hundreds of sea birds round tho ship, from tho pretty little wllalo and ice birds and Mother Carey's chickens to tho' molly- hawks aud mnjoBtic albutross with its lift expanse of iving. I had worked up my afternoon's sight, nnd I lit my pipo and went on tho poop. Tho ship was not steering, and tho rudder wns knock ing about moro than I liked, so I told tho second officor, whoso watch it was, to try if he could contract tho gear and reduce the pliiy of the tiller.' After ho hnd finished ho stood nbqft tho wheel, looking very intently at a mnguificent albatross which wns poisod in mid air just over the port quarter, perfectly motionless, and not moro than 15 yards from tho second mato ; the bird appeared to bo also watching, with his head turned a little to ono sido, something in the direction of Wilson who, when I looked at him wns ghastly pale.. " What's tho matter, Wilson?" I said, yon look as if you had seen a ghost. He looked at me, and without replying walked to tho break of tho poop. 1 wont up to liim thinking ho was ill, and again asked him what was the matter. Ho whispered "Did you see that nlbntroBs?"- I - said " Yob, I was thinking it wns the largest I have, evor soon." He said, " It has Captain Sketacault's eyes, Captain Benaud." I said, " Wilson, you mUBt be crazed." Ho became oxcitod and said "I am sorry I told you ; I am sure that bird is his spirit, as I am of my own existence." I Baid " Don't ho a fool ; don't lot tho men hear you, but go nnd get a fishing lino, and I'll soon show you how much of tho captain's spirit is in that bird." I culled ono of tho boys, nnd wo soon had a lino over tho stern, nnd ns soon as it drifted a fow yards from tho ship down swooped tho albatrosses, molly hawks and Capo hous, fighting and cackling to bo tho first to gorge tlio bait, and one after another tlioy wore hauled on hoard, hut not tho big albatross. He hung ovor tho storn, looking on, turn ing' his head from sido to side, but not showing any inclination either to go to tho water or tnko tho bait, although' every othor of the foatlierod tribe around us secuicd so voraciously hungry. 1. was annoyed at my want c.f success, and wlion tlio hell struck four, at tho first dog watcli, I made tbo boy haul in tho lino, bundle tho birds wo hnd caught bvorlionrd, ub they could not riso off the deck theinsolvos, and go to his suppe«'' At 8 p.m. tlio wind enmo nway.-ong from tlio W.N.W., and I so" by tho morcury it was advisable to get tlio reofs in tho topsails, whilo \veooulddo so com fortably, so I closo lvsofed tlio forotop- sail (tiio topgallant sails bad not beon on hor for days) and run hor undor tho doublo iwfe'd main topsail and foro course, nnd kept tho foro topmast stay sail up. Tho wind was " doad aft." All tlio timo wo wore roofing tho big alba tross wns hanging ovor tho storn, and somehow I potild not holp watching him, a"d. I felt glad 1 had fold Wilson ftdt'to speak about -iho bird to" tho. chief mm. ' At midnight the chief uinto eaine on dock, and I wont bolow to havo n smoke, but 1 wns soon after willed -by tho mate who, to my surpriso, said ho had hoard a steain whistle, but could not seo any smoke or vcsrcL 1 hnjl eat roady for a call, for 1 anticipated a rough night, and followed tho mato on deck nt once, ( nnd on gotting thero found tlio wind hnd freshened and tho sea waB heavier, and asterit, lew on tho horizon, wns an arc of dark cloiids which jnenut hail, or snow, or both, to follow..- I sent one of tho watch into tho mizon rigging to look for the steamer (there was already a hand on. tho foroya'rd) and I noticed tho big albatross was in his old Btation ovor tho stern. To le continued.) 