GENERAL NEWS; . German railway euglnears are experi menting with rails made of compressed paper, .whioh are said to be as superior to tbe ordinary steel rails as the paper oarriage wheels of trains are superior to those made of iron, German Judges are not promoted to the Bench from the Bar. They start on their judicial career as nasessors, receiving about .£60 a year, and gradually work their way up to the higher ranks of the profession, where they sometimes earn as much rs iSOOayoav. 'iho plum of the Prussian Judicature, iu tho way of salaries, is held by the President of the Oourt of Appeal, who gets .£700 a year, Deeming's sense of humour must have been strong upon him when he made bis will. It was a fine ironical stroke on hie part to leave Mr. Shegog, Governor of tbe Melbourne Gaol, the silver flask wbioh he deliberately Btole from a jeweller's shop. At the ninteenthshowof the Bull Dog Club, which wus held at the Westminster Aquarium, London, lately, 176 specimens, claiminer at least to ba thoroughbred, were on view in 22 classes. Tho hipfhoab value demanded for a aingle one cl those was o&300 ; .£2500 seemed to be a steady market price. Mr, P. B. Beresford Hope's Bedge bury Lion, many times winner of the 50 guinea challenge cups, stood foremost again. Amontf dogs under 451b. weight, Mr, A, John Ellis' Champion Grabber was ranked highest. Tho dog has won over 40 first and champion prizes, and the club 60 guinea cup Several times. Dr. Bedell Benison's Champion Fcroeps came senond, Iu the open class for dogs 651b. weight and over, Mr. Johu Siichfleld's Jwniny waa first, Eainfall registered this morning :— Carnarvon 1 point, Hamelin Pool 14 points, Northampton 5(i,Geraldton 30, Dongarra44, Greenough 39, Carnamah 35, Southern Cross 6, Now Norcia 12, Gingin 24, Northam 25, York 7, Boverloy2, Guildford 22, Perth 28, Claremont 20, Fremantle 24, Jarriihdale 8, Pinjarrah 7, Mandurah 20, Bannister 13, Williams 23, Vasse 15, Bridgetown 15, Kojonup 5, Mouub Barker 19, Albany 28, Bremer Bay 45, Esperance 44, Israelite Bay 06, Eyre 38, and Eucla85 prints. The famous Althorp library, the property of Earl Spencer, is in the market j and un less the collection is disposed of as a whole, will be dispersed by auction next year. Agiioullural depression and low prices, it is pointed out, havo made themselves so se verely felt by nearly all the great land owners of the oountry that no announce inent of the kind is now received with much surprise ; but non? tbe less is it permitted to do sorry for the hard necessity which commands tbe dispersal of the finest private library in the world, It contains fiom 46,000 to 60,000 of the rarest and most priceless books, nnd their condition is as remarkable as their rarity, There are nine block books, printed before tbe invent ion of moveable metal types, A copy of the Mentz Psalter of 1457 was sold a few years ago forJ26,000, and tberais a dupli cate of this extremely rare work at Althorp, Of old Bibles there are a large numbpr, and there are no fewu1 than iifty-Eovon copies of different works printed by Oaxron, When it is statpd that only ninety-nine books by Caxton ure known ami that the British Museum has copies of fully fiffey-six, the value of the Althorp collection is apparent, Among them are throe of wnioh no other copy ib known to be extant, Of early da sioal printed books there are very rauny of prioeless rarity, but it would be impossible even to indioate itj the short space of a paragraph a hundredth part of the marvellous library formed about a hundred years ago by George John, second Earl Spencer. In order to keen pneo with these times of increased activity Mr. I. Bolton, of the Excelsior Caniage Works, FremantK has made anangementd to enable him to meet ordtivi at tbe shortest possible notica and lowest uoesible prices, a list being nublisbed in our business columns. Mr. Boltoa bto been lavored with a largo share of buunees it the Port, and has among other orders burned out some splendid Parisian phtotoDH, dogoarta and trollies, aUo a large number of low spring drays and mrts with the latest improvements. He is now introducing a new style of English de livery van. On Tuesday night last, at the Meobanics' Institute, Freuaftntle, the usu&l; weekly meeting of thu Soots' Chuioh Literary Society was held. Tho Vice- President, Mr. J, H, Adams, oooupied tbe ohair, A. vory interesting leotuie was given by the Bev, G. Vavley on 'Central Africa.' There was a good attendance, A hearty vote of thanks to the leotmer terminated the pro ceedingd, The following paragraph, culled from the Hookaampton (Q.) Morning Bulletin, will bo of some interest s— ' Mr, F, A, Bcwker, who for nearly ton years has beon a mem ber of tbe staff of Messrs. Walter Held and Co,, merchants and importers, and since the floating of tho busineaa into a limited Company has held the position of Storetary to the Company, whb entertained at dinner lasb night in the Belmoro Amis on the oocasiow of his leavipg for Perth, Western Australia, where hu purpoEtJB enteri'g upon business on his own account. There were between twenty and thirty gentlemen presort, Mr, H, Y. tteid, mtm aging clireqtur of Mtaars, Walter Reid and Co., occupied the obaiv, supported by the guest of the evening and Mr. J. '1'. 0. Rankert and Mv J, M, Niell, and tbo vice ohair was taken by Mr, W. H, Buddi After dinner, the Chairman said ho would Biau mit to thorn but one to^st— the health of Mr. Bowker. Alany of thorn had known Mr, Bowkor far longer than he, but few, if any of them, had enjoyed opportunities of forming so accurate au estimate of Iur obaraoter, For three yeais now he bad been in daily, almoBt hourly, intercourse with Mr. tfowker, mid he had been to him a valuable colleague —ono whoso honour was his lif-, who was steadfast in all thingp, especially in bis friendships, and who was as nil times loyal to the core. Ot his own free will he was resigning a very impor! ant position. Ho preferred to step out and fight a lono hand rather than remain any longer in servitude. They might b i divided in their opinions as t ) tho prudence of that stf p, but i hey would allackno'vlolga that it indioated tbepre seneo of givnt forco of oVutraoior, an-l tlia/ wus an uV mont on which they might; rest bub. hopes of Mr. Bowkov'a Buocesa. Up a^ked them to join him in drinking heulth and prosperity to Mr, Bowkor, The toast was drunk with much enthusiasm - Mr. Bowker,in noltnowladging the compliment, said he was deeply Impressed with a sense of their generous good-will in inviting biw there that evening to wish him good luck ia the position he was entering on—an im« pi'egsioa tbttt would remain with hint fdr A very long period He was delightr d to thiuk ho was carrying away tbo goodwill and friendship of tho*e who had known him ro hw, and if be wwe as suooessful in gain ing the esteem of those he was going amongst he would have groat loaaon to congratulate himself, A number of gen tlemen afterwards contributed songs, and a couple of hours passed away very plea santly,' The traffic earnings on the Eastern Hall way for tho month ended tbe 20th of June last amounted to .£0,081 2a, 10d,, or £2,170 5s, lid. more than those for tho oorrespondiug period of 1891, wbioh were ,£4,8 10 163, lid, Tbo receipts from post en» gors and parcels wore -82,474 7». 8d,, and from goods ,£4,606 15s, 2d. Tho tonnage was as follows » June, 1892) 9,654 tons Vl\ owt., j Juno, 1891j 7,714 tons 19J ow1» ?% Tet another full hoiiso asEOmbled at th& St; Q oorgo's Hall last night to meet and greet tbe Pollard Liliputian Opera Company on their final return to Perth for a two nights, season, Tho pieco selected was 'The Mikadby in which we are disposed to think they outshine all their other performances, Master A, Stevens as Ko Ko kept tbo audienoo in a oonstaut state of merriment, and was applauded to the eoho, Master Bobby Olough roplaoed Miss Marion Mit. oholl as Nanki Pooh, and, sweet as is the little V6fi voice,';be 'wan .scarcely aBafciS' factory Bubstjttute for that very charming young lady, Miss Lily Everett as Yura Yum acted and sang excellently, and Mies Lily Stephens was a mostr-vMoious and ouarraing little Pifcti Sing, her singing of ? He's going to marry Yum Yum,' bo* ing twice encored with onthuslasm, The aoting of Master Percy as Pooh Bah was ns ' discreet and effective as overvan'd 'Master Quealy deserves inuoh credit for his dual impersonation of Pish Tush and Tbe Mikado, .Qrchcfatrft and oborus weWatfconi. pk'te and ' satisfactory as usual, To-night Miss Marion Mitoh- 11 takes a benefit in ' Tbe Pirates of Penzanoe,' and tho ro« markably clever company make their final appearance, after a prolonged and remark* ably successful series of seasons in Perth, which should be as satisfactory to them as it certainly has been to their audiences, The opera this evening will be fol« lowed by a short concert, including a tableau representing 'Tbe Death or Nelson,' and Miss Marion Mitchell will sing Pontet's ' Carrissima.' The Company will on itfonday procoad to Albany, where they will play a four-night season, and pro* ceeel thence to Adelaide opening at Hud son's Bijou Theatre in ' Tbo Gondoliers,' It may bo hoped and expeoted that not many months will elnpse ere tbe Messrs. Pollard, Manning and their Company pay anothor visit to Western Australia, Dr, ICeleall delivered last evening tbe final lecture to the men's olaes (No, 0) of cuq hc, dontvs Amouianoe association, m the Fire Brigade Boom. At tbe conclusion of the leoture Mr, Eoberb 0, Law, on behalf of the members of the class, corJiully thanked tbe learned leoturor for his valua ble services, and Dr, Kelsall suitably re sponded, Says a Melbourne paper i— Deem Ing's villain Windsor is tenanted ugiin. The pretty prattle of children enlivens it, but they haven't got a canary yet, and nobody oomplains of a ghost, as at Beaney's, A sale by auotionof Grown lands, was held at Southern Cross on the 6th Inst, The result of tbe sale was as follows i— Southern Cross Lot 54, purchased by Wm. Oats, for ,£76 j Southern Oross Ut ? 69, B, H, Barrett, .£61 1 Southern Gross Lot 78. L, K, Seiveking, .448 1 Southern Cross Lot 79, W, P, Jeffries, 457. The upset prioo for these lots was £80 each, \- ;- i ,?)?? ., »- . ^,_iui-. ???'»??* ?. ? -i ?? ?? The 'following, report by tbeObiof, In* spootorof Stook upon tbo condition of sheep in tbe Central Scab District for. last month appears in tbe Government Gazette, Tbe particulars given are tbe numei of tho otvnets. tho data ofinfentfnn. t,ha numW an-1 description of the sheep, and where quarantined or suspeoted(--1261— M, Lcgue June I6tb, 200 mixed, Old House paddock ; do, June 28th, 4000 do,, Ellen Pale pad* dook i L, 0, Buives, July 16th, 1000 ewea and lambs/QakoMla l do,, July 81st,, 1C80 nuxedj.Oakabelljl \ M, Morrissey,jun;, Sepfc. ember 18tb, 050 do,, Badad*, 0, and JJ, Foss Deoember 14tb, 1200 do., Arino. 1892— L, 0, Burges, February 8th, 1800 do,, Oaka« bella, John Pell, March 2nd, 700 do,, Gfldgy Oadgyi T, B, Bedhead, Maroh 8rd, fOOO do , Minniooka j L, 0. Burgea, Maroh 8tb, 240 do, Se 'veil's paddookj do,, March 12tb, 1800 do,, Aleninapaddookj B, Wilton, Maroh 18th, 800 do., Oooroo j J, S. Davis, Maroh 27tb, 7000 do,, 'I ibradden paddnoksj R, Wi'tow, Maroh 28tn, 1221 do,, Widgigully j Sbarpe and Mawhinney, Match 26th, 2700 do., Eradda paddock; M. Mor riBsey.jun., Apill lsfc,000 do., Cadgycoroonj S, Mark?, Apal Sji-1, 2600 do,, Earnong pad dook i H, & J, Bread, April 4th, 1060 do., - Mellembyej do., April 20th, 1048 do,, Min (linsffli'ftt j F. Crawford, May 81st, 452 do., Walkaway \ M, J, Morrissey, June Jet, 1298 . ewes, Melia j J, Fitzgerald, Tune 3rd, 0BQ mixed, Buddingbhftrra j J, McCarthy, Juno Otb, 820 do,, Boodargloj L.O, Burges, July 12th, 2576 do., Billabolong, 0, V, Poss, July 20ih, 050 do,, Wailpaj L, 0, Biirae?, July 28th, 578 do,, Alma paddock t Wainwright and Co,, July 80th, 1000 do,, Brookman's Hills. A Melbourne paper has the following i-» An Ameiican millionnirp, Mr, George Mont* gomery, and bis wife, have jolnod the ranks of tbe Salvation Army, They havo donned rbo ouetomary dress, and no doubt carry a bacmer apiece with effulgent humility, Ib has not transpired whether Mr, Mont* gomery has put bis millions as well as him* ' self into tbe ' A rray,' otherwise we d«ubt if his reception will be commensurate with hie self-abnegation, ' General ' Booth was always red-hot in the matter of converts, but be always kept a spare eye open for tbo main chance, ana in this oaee, having con verted a millionaire to the Lord, be will bo equally glad to convert the reoruit's money to— tho Lord knows what. 