Sydney Hunt Club. The members of the Sydney Hunt Club met at Parramatta railway station on Saturday last, at 2.30 p.m., for a run with the hounds. The weather was showery, and the ground slippery, bat, notwith standing, there was an attendance of between 30 and 40 followers, among whom were the master (Mr. W. Cope) on Waverley, Dr. Garrett on Johnny III., Messrs. R. W. Lenehan on Tudor, H. Francis on Peter Simple, J. H- Galbraith on Bantam, M. Ford on Wrangler, Eric Terry on Zoe, B. Cortis on Helios, Juliapi on Satan, D. H. Bucknell on Peer, J. M'Crow on The Ghost, H. W. Rogers on Tory, E. Braddy on Peter Jackson, W. Williamson on Tommy Ryan, W. Lamb on Dorothy, W. Hayes on My Lord, C. J. Lamb on Schnapper, W. Crew on Major, Montgomery on Redleap II., Cox on Lieu teiiaut, Triton on Meangra, Boyle *fcn Emperor, Master Len. Harrison on Piecrust, Luckey (the huntsman) on Woodbine, and Fitzgerald and Gordon {the whips) on Snake and Texas Jack respec tively. Mr. W. Williamson and Gordon took the drag away from Wentworthville railway station, across country to Prospect, where a wallaby had been turned down. Several checks were made in this run in order to break in the young hounds, and finally the wallaby was run into at' Prospect. An adjournment was then made to Mr. Roache's hotel, and shortly afterwards Mr. Williamson and Gordon were seen disappearing over the fence bolow the hotel with the return drag. After about 10 minutes law the hounds were laid oh. They ran very fast across the paddocks below Greystanes, and for a while it was no light task to keep with them, especially as there were some big fences to be negotiated. The horse?, however, all jumped beautifully, and wound up at the We3tern-road by taking the double at Fullager's in good style. The hounds meet again next Saturday, 10th instant, at Eyde, at 2.30 p.m., when Jordan's hotel will bo the trysting place. It is intended during the week to arrange runs, to take place at Kogarah aud Wood \- stock, as the committee have been kindly invited to bring the hounds up to these places. 