(Published every Tuesday & Friday morning IT isnot given unto mortals to command. success, but we may do more . deserve it." TUESDAY, -MARCH 22, 1892. SourT GIPPsLAND ELECTIO.N.-A meet ing of friends and supporters of Mr. John Draffin is advertised to be held in the Mechanics' Institute on Wednesday eveningat 8 p.m. The business of the meeting is to form a committee in support of Mr. Draffin's candidature. RECEIPT AND PAY OFFICE.-The follow. ing accounts are awaiting payment at the sub-treasury :-A. Cameron, D. Russell. Morwell.-C. Hampston, W. Mloir, W. T. Murphy, J. Cnhir, A. Burnside, C. Wil liams. Rosedale.-Dr. Nolanu, J. Farrell, B. Armstrong: GLENGARRY RACEs.-We would remind owners of horses that all entries for ,the above races must be In the lion. secretary, on or before 8 p.m. on Wednesday next, the 23rd March. From all we can learn there is every prospect of large entries, and we simply draw the attention of owners to the fact that as the weights will appear on the 25th inst., entries cannot be received later than Wednesday. -EAisT RDINm o ELECTrION.-It will be seet by advertisement that Messrs. Lawrenson, Whittakers and, Widdis: have lodged their nomination papers with the returning officer. Mr. Wildis announces that he will lay his views before the electors at a public meeting to be held in Upper Flynn's Creek school at 7 p.m. on Friday next. THi RAILwAY CoxMeSSIONEBS.-Our Melbourne correspondent writes :-The political sensation of the hour is, of course, the suspension .of the Railp.ay Commissioners. That one act has com pletely transformed the outlook, and demonstrates the exceednig great folly of burying a Ministry, or rather digging a grave for a Ministry till it is actually dead. When Mr. Shiels declined to speak till.the la c, the "Age" attacked hir' furiously. In its issue of Friday Ilast it said the Shiels Ministry was so intimately associated with the cause of railway reform that every true liberal must support it. Poor old "Argus," Mr. Speight has proved himself its " old man of the sea,'. and thanks to the Conserva tive organ's championship of the com missioner the Conservative reaction is at \- -ee..y' _ Unless Mr. Shiels .blunders he said before thes lines a?iain printr the Liberals will gather strength from to-day. The truth is the "Argus" overdid the Trades' Hall business; men with Jikglish blood in their veins would develop a certain sympathy for Old Nick himself, ifa paper abused him day after day, month after month. The " Argus"' black was too black, and the reaction, albeit a slight one, is setting in at a fatal moment. Tai Any of Recronzseo.--We, "Punch,' notice that among the new arrivals in this colony is a gentleman named Howard, author of " The Art of Reckoning." who is said to be visiting Australia for the purpose of getting his system introduced into the schools.- Mr. Howard could not have come to a place where a system of the kind is more needed. He will supply a long-felt want if he can manage to have it adopted not only in schools, but in banks, building societies, financial institu tions of all sorts, and in all the Govern. meat departments. Perhaps, if he is successful in his mission, we shall hear less of embezzlements eitidding over years, and remainine undetected till thousands and thousands of pounds have been stolen and squandered'n account of careless auditing ; of extravagant ex penditure with no result; of wild-cat speculations; of yearly deficits in the public exchequer and of bankruptcy all round. If Mr. Howard's "Art of Reckoning" will teach the rising genera tion, and as many of the generation already risen as are still teachable, to avoid these results of erroneous calculation he will have earned the .right to be considered a public benefactor. He will at first have some difficulty in eradicating the superstition, which still exists in the minds ot many good people, that under certain favourable circumstances two and two will make five, but. in the end the cold logic of arithmetical fact will prove triumphant. Yes, we have wanted "The Art of Reckoning" badly for years past. and it now remains to be seen what use we will make of it when we have got it. WESLEYAN CHuaCH.-The aniniversary of this Church was celebrated last Sun day, when Mr. Laid, a student from Queen's College, delivered three earnest and most impressive discourses to-large congregations. In the afternoon a har. vest - thanuksgiving -service was held, the preacher stating be was notawire d the fact or he should have prepared a suitable address. He stated, however, they all could. glorify God by observing the command given in the text,. "Follow thou me." The voice of duty was always peremptory, and all present should follow the dictates of their conscience, and if it was a right duty, do it without evasion. The church was dressed with fruit, pro duce and flowers, there being quite an abundant display in front of the reading desk. During the evening service the anthem, "Abide With Me," was well rendered by the choir, Miss Lloyd presid ing at the organ. The evening sermon was based on the latter part of the 18th verse of the 7th chapter of Romans, and the preacher showed that all had the same yearning as the philosopher Gerty, who in his dying moments exclaimed, "more light;" but it was the dignity of their nature to grapple with these thingas. It was not in their nature to attain to the infinite, although they might will to do so. They lacked moral strength, and there was a gulf between the supply and demand, but this gulf was bridged over, and a man could do all things through Christ The preacher was most pro nounced in his remarks to the ybung on the necessity of keeping good company, and reading' pure and wholesome litera ture. The anniversary will be brought to a close by a tea and public meeting to be held this evening in the Temperance Hall. " LAna? PeAcaz~s.-Mr. Wickes, had on view at Mr. Barden's establishment on Saturday last, some splendid peaches grown by him at his garden at Riverside, Cowe.r. The peaches weregrown with out the aid of irrigation and were as: fine specimens as we have eve' seen; they wr equally ?- good as thy lonked the ll-,.rbing ts.rlsis. - . GAZErrc NOTICES.-Grants approved. \--Jihn Fitzpatrick, Ma'ryvalr. Licenses aplirovcd: -- Walter Edney, Narracau Southi. .Licenses revoked or declared void ~--hm. Davies, Drouin West. ,Booih.--(Oi Saturday, next Messrs. l aidbiw nuid Graham will offer for sale at the Triralgon Mart at one o'clock, one publican's booth, oine fruiterer's do., and the right to the saddling paddock and gates in connection with the annual races at Toongabbio on the 20th April. BLACKWARRY. - A correspondent from Blackwarry writes that a party of three went fishing to Greig's Creek on Monday and caught 75 black fish in less than three hours, when they had to leave off for want of bait. The fish weighed from 2lbs down to about 1lb, and the place where they were caught was about 4 miles from Messrs. Tanner and Cummings butter factory. Our correspondent, who says he is not given to "blowing," states he believes that if a party camped out all night they would catch more fish in Greg's Creek than they could carry. INSTER.ATIOs.kL CaRICer.-The return match between Lord Sheffield's eleven and the Victorian eleven, which was com menced on Thursday last, was concluded on Saturday, the Englishmen winning by nine wickets. The scores were-Vic-. toria,'first innings, 157 ; second do., 100. Englishmen, first innings, 184; second innings, 57 for the loss of one wicket. Bruce was the only one who made any stand for the Victorians, making 54 and 50: RESULT O? MonniR CunROsrrr.-A little incident in connection with the murder at No. 57 Andrew-street, Windsor, occurred the other day, and has escaped the ubiquitous reporter. Three women, con sumed by that curiosity so marked in the sex, went quietly in the dusk to have a look at the scene of the tragedy. The front gate was locked, and the three females coolly broke the fastening. They found a step-ladder- which they placed against the window of the room. Mounted on the ladder, the trio were feasting their eyes on the broken hearth when the door of the room noiselessly opened and the figure of a man walked in. The women in their excited state of mind looked upon the man as a ghost, and with a triple scream they all fell off the ladder into a heap, where they were seized by the land lord of the place, who wished to give them in charge to the " ghost "(the care taker policeman) for breaking into the premises. Eventually, the landlord re lented and let the women go. They were (says "'Punch") half-dead with fright and are likely to repress their morbid curiosity for the future. HosrrrALIurrREwA xDED.--Hospitality is very often its own only reward, since as a rule it is the familiar friend who eats of your bread and drinks of your cup, who is rude to you as long as the acquaintance lasts, and ends it in some treacherous or hostile fashion. But it is not often that hospitality is so basely rewarded as was that of a certain barber, who was apt on a Sunday morning, after he had shaved. those customers who did not like to look briskly on the Lords day, to invite them to inspect his garden. where cunningly and temptingly laid out in an alcove were refreshments for the inner man. Sad to say, one of the recipients laid an inform ation, and he was prosecuted for selling beer on a Sunday morning without a license. In vain, says " Bohemia," did he plead that he had bought it the day before for the delectation of customers who had asked him to provide it-and in vain did he assert that he did not charge for it at all. He had to pay £62 fine, and costs, and more than that had to endure all sorts of references from the Bench to the various methods in which the act had been .from time to time evaded, and how they had invariably smashed the offender. for a good farm won dod wofelo'iThW8r that known as Mr. Jesse Hasthorpe's property, situated about five miles from the Moe township. It will be offered for sale by Messrs. Little and Borthwick, at Kelleher's hotel, Morwell, on the 4th April next, by order of the Mortagee. NEW COACiBUILDING ESTABLISHMENT, next Milligan's, Princes-street. All des criFtions of work done at Lowest Rates. Coachbuildiog in all its branches. First class smith always on the premises.-J. MAvZE, Proprietor.-Auvv. Council meeting to-morrow, when annual balance sheet and auditor's report will be considered. J. Thompson, the economical under' taker, and Cabinet Maker, Seymour-street Traralgon.-ADvr. Timothy Ryan, a State school teacher at Ardno, has been committed for trial, charged with a criminal offence on Edith Anne Wedd, a girl of 14; A man named Shallard committed suicide at Ballarat on Sunday evening by cutting his throat. He had lately been a sharebroker, and was suffering from despondency owing to financial troubles. Charles Washington Umphelby, late of Toorak, merchant, who died on the 20th February, 1892, at Magdalen, near Rose dale, Gippaland, by his will dated 6th, June, 1893, and a codicil thereto, dated 12th February, 1889, appointed his brother Thomas Letts Umphelby, of East Mel bourne. gentleman, and his son, Harold Marzetti Umphelby, of Melbourne, stock and station agent, trustees. He directs that the estate is to be realised and the proceeds invested, and the income paid to his wife during her lifetime, and after her decease he devises the trust funds to his children in equal shares. Value of e3al and personal estate, £17,680. A tman named J. H. Mlitchell was arrested in the bush near Bromley by Detective Mahoney on Wednessay last on a charge of having criminally assaulted his daughter, Lillie Mitchell, under 9 years i of age. The accused is a married man, 36 years of age, and resided with his wife and family at Burnt Creek. Mitchell in alleged to have committed the offence during the night, at his own house, about five weeks. The girl told her brot. her of the ooounrrenee, and he in turn informed his mother, who communicated with the police. Dr. Cooklon examined the child, with the result that a warrant wasissued for the father's arrest. It is alleged that the girl has been assaulted on @everal occasions, dating as far back I as August of last year. Mitchell was brought up at the Dunolly police court and remanded till the 25th inst. 