UNDER THE EGLANTINE. By Rose D Bo__m_. Unmistakable "lush'.' eglantine, albeit the flowers had fled and left only the hard green hips to tell of their presence ; but the delicate sweet briar fragrance perfumed the air, and the close leafy branches were invitingly shady in a land of uncompromising, Btiffnockcd eucalypt. What business the English eglantine held on soil sacred to classic gum and wattle Was beside the question for the noise it assumed the disguise of a special providence in favour of loafers bent on grassy Beolnsion in the drowsy afternoon. To its low | shade -we had gratefully betake ourselves with our books and our day-dreams, and from beneath that shade wo idly watched the trailing glories of the sunset flung upon the flushing, floating clouds. After all, the eglantine scarce looked out of place in the calm pastoral escape that quivered beneath the evening glow ; broad green meadows, swelling uplands, clumps of foliage, and grazing cattle, could anything be more distinctly un-Australian P Close your eyes to the peculiarities of tree form and you might fancy yourself in an En lish rural district. Pretty it undoubtedly was and terribly time with a depressing air of self satisfied respectability which might be due to the immediate vicinity of a vice-regal residence. Your typical Australian scenery is by no means respectable. Its ferocious heights and mysterious gullies, its wild bush vistas and tropical jungles, suggest lawless raid and nameless vengeance, savage romance and savage crime, anything and everything that defies the conventional humdrum and therein lies its invigorating charm. It may be gaunt, gloomy, ghastly, it is also majestic, vigorous, inspiring and I contrasted it wistfully with my languorous surroundings. But a sudden whiff of the sweetbriar recalled me to dreamland pondering regarding the old lady who had brought the first wild rose rootlets from the old country, thereby winning for herself the blessing of the wayfarer and the anathema of the agriculturist. "A curse upon it for an unprofitable- weed," says your practical farmer ; " root it up as one may, the thorny thing always crops up again." Just so. This is the kind of dogged persistence we naturally look for in gentle, delicate, faintly hand natures and the traveller, passing through a land studded with shell-like blossoms, for once blesses the virtue of tenacity. But who was the old lady who Unis sacrificed utility to poetry ? Did she realise what she was doing, and did she deliberately plan to clothe the land with dainty radiance and perfume that should evoke old-world traditions ? Or, was she merely a tender- hearted dame, with sweet personal memories which the eglantine recalled ? Had she wandered around it in childhood and buried her first dicky bird in its shade ? Had she and her lover exchanged first vows amidst its fragrance? "Was she a merry, motherly, housewifely granny, bent on preserving for the children such "hip and haw" jam as her own childhood revelled in P Or, was she a sad and stately dowager, communing oft with her rosary, and thinking regretfully of relatives immured in some old-world convent like yonder white building that gleams, spectral fashion, in the moonlight P Was she-a whisper floated down on the sweetbriar perfume and the forgotten words of an old ballad reached my inner sense Under the Eglantine, The pale, pink eglantine, . My lover's fingers would entwine . ' Among these silken locks of mine The while we worshipped at love's shrine near the eglantine. Under the Eglantine, The pale, pure eglantine, The breezes touched our lips like wine Below the white stars' silver shine The while he pledged his heart for mino Aucath the eglantine. Under the Eglantine, The pale, pink eglantine, I knelt and called in : scheme, have you bequeathed your remains to the flies ?" The voice was the voice of my little chum, an English lassie with a merry tongue, a "head running over with curls," and the face of a wild rosebud, but for the nonce her poetic appearance jarred upon me like an anachronism. " Daphne," I said, severely, " your name might as well be Dandelion for any romance you gain from it. Do lie still and dream !" " The flies won't let me," retorted Daphne, in a turbulent mood. "I've been fighting them for the last hour and envying you, lying there as calm as a rhinoceros. Where did you buy your skin ?" "Daphne!" , " Well, look here, Boheme door, its really disgraceful ยก we've been busy all day doing nothing at all. Do come for a walk." " I beg your pardon, I have been busy thinking, and if you hadn't interrupted me-" " Thinking doesn't count ; you're always doing that. Besides there is our earnest cow just going home to be milked, and you know quite well if we drink that milk on an afternoon's laziness we shall both got indigestion and drink it we must, or we shall break Dame Durden's heart, she promised to keep it warm for us. So you see you've got to come." I saw it. Daphne is like the sweolbrinr-incon- sequential, but persistent. I shook off the flies and rose to the occasion and both of us owning to a nervous temperament wo avoided the risks of brakes and dow, and betook ourselves roman- tically to 'miner, 'ammer, 'names on the 'hard 'high road. The road proved more romantic than at first appeared. A road must indeed be barren of interest that has no charm in the early moonlight, and the dusty way in question was sinuous and aromatic. Its trees assumed weird shapes. Here and there a blasted eucalyptus stretched up black writhing arms, or shone like a sheeted spectre. It was quite possible to imagine nameless terrors among the shadows. So we wandered on, feeling we were not walking In vain, and at length, weary, who sat down meekly on the wayside our port The moon, bursting asunder the clouds, flooded the earth with white light, and the trees, responsive to some subtle breeze, uttered that long drawn sough which is peculiar to Australia. Other wise the trees shake and quiver, toss up their arms, rustle their leaves and give you to understand that they are having a sharp skirmish with the wind. The Australian woodland knows nought of such riotous doings : ' cohn, dignified, motionless, it await the wind's message, and takes it up in one long, massive, penetrating sigh, like the onrush of waves on a distant shore. You listen at first, marvelling what the bound may mean for nothing stars. On it comes, nearer, stronger, with a gathering swish and roar ; then it gives a gasp as for breath, and wishes and rumble and sighs itself away again, and the trees remain impassive instruments of this muttered anguish. Almost you might fancy it the dumb wail of some imprisoned giant. But ere we had done listening to the wind's message, a more familiar rumble and a whirling cloud of dust announced approaching wheels, and only those who have lived in country depths can realise the attendant excitement. To the dweller among streets A post-chaise by the pavements brim A common post-chaise is to him, And it is nothing more, but standing on the brim of a country lane your commonest post-chaise is a great deal more ; it is an embodiment of anticipation, realisation, and possible delectation ; it excites curiosity, it involves the mystery of the unknown, in short, it is an event with a capital E. To discover the why, whence, and whither of that approaching vehicle, to descry its contents, was our obvionssooial duty even if we perished, dust strangled, in the attempt. So we calmly awaited the approaching whirlwind, and had time to note that its Phaeton drove two horses, when for the noises, close upon us, reared, shied, foamed, quivered, and gave evidence of going but their equine heads. Once more rising to the occasion we took a flying leap over the culvert into the ditch below, and then meekly nnd"iHlltiously peered over the brickwork to see wfiffih'or the horses were following. Our astonished glances fell on the face of the driver, looking ghastly in the moonlight, while a scared voice called to us : "in the devil's name, stand down !" We did more ; we sat down. Luckily the ditch was dry. But had it borne " the decaying beauty of a stagnant pool," our respect for his Satanic Majesty would have impelled us to the same course : ambassadors from below are not to be trifled with. When at last our cars told us that quiet was restored, and we ventured to power again, we noted that the ambassador was carefully keeping his back toward us, and that never a glance was sent in our direction before the postchaise it was awaggonetto-rolledawuj-. We walked home somewhat mystified, somewhat depressed. Hitherto our surroundings had borne the distinct impress of dull respectability ; but people who were on intimate terms with the powers from below could scarcely be respectable, and had no right to be dull. Was this land of eglantine likewise a land of hypocrisy, and had we stumbled on a place where witches habitually frolic ? There was one comfort about the affair, it was an adventure and adventure had been painfully lacking in our daily routine So, comparatively satisfied, we hastened to our milk and Dame Durden. But when Dame Durden. whose real name was MnoPollysyliable, heard our tale, she throw up her hands in genuine distress and crossed herself hurriedly. "Saints alive!" she exclaimed ; it's just the ill-luck that you've had they've taken you for the ghost and its double, and it's bound to do no harm ;" and straightway she proceeded to cross our foreheads too. Our excitement was intense. Ghost ! Was the place haunted? Why? Who by What was the story? But Dame Durden's lips were sealed; she evidently reported having said so much, and no queries would move her she would only adjured us to go to bed and sleep it off as if any sane female could sleep comfortably knowing that she had passed for a ghost or its double, and not even having ascertained whether the ghost was to spectably' blood-curdling ! For the next three days we wasted our breath on psychical investigations, but all were as reticent as our landlady-. Either they were afraid to tell, or else, never having been properly introduced to the ghost, they had nothing to tell. There was a haunted house in the immediate neighbourhood, but nobody had ever known anybody who had over lived in it. At last it transpired that it had once been occupied by benevolent Sisters of Charity. Clearly it was not one of them who had come back to scare people. Was the house haunted when they took it P Perhaps yes, perhaps no ; who could say ? This was all the answer I could extract till at last one cow municative old gentleman, gracefully doing " Government stroke " on the high road, pointed his thumb over his shoulder and observed con- fidentially, " Folks do say as she wanders over the way some days." She P Over the way P Over the way was the white Dominican convent already mentioned. Now and again in the evening you might catch a glimpse of the white-robed, black caped nuns strolling in their ample grounds. What had the ghost in common with them ? Time evening we crossed the little creek, and wandered near the convent fields, and suddenly, in the dim twilight my heart stood still. I could swear that She floated past, turning pathetic dark eyes upon me. She wore the white robe and black drapery of the order, but she wore it carelessly as one not used to its wrappings in her hand she carried a mass of silky black hair which looked bedraggled, and a red spot defiled her white raiment ; as she passed I heard a soft low moan, and then I know who it was that had been whispering the old ballad under the eglantine. I rushed home frantically. " Dame Durden," I cried, "I've seen her; she's a man, and she sang to me the other day under the sweet briar ; so you may just as well tell me her story." Dame Durden went quite pale. "I'd sooner have out my finger," she said I " it's the unluckiest luck that could have happened to you, but if you've seen her you may as well know the story. Mayhap we'll break the spell a bit." It was not a very exceptional story after all. She was just such a poor, broken-hearted little ghost as we got by the dozen in Europe, Asia, or America ; but the article is scarce in Australia, and valued accordingly. She was not an Australian either, but a warm, passionate Spaniard with English blood in her veins, and the English blood came through that same old lady who brought the eglantine across seas. In the wake of the eglantine had come the little Spanish orphan to be tenderly reared, but she arrived at an awkward time. The transgressions of the eglantine were already resented, and one burly settler who had a quarrel on with the transplanting old lady, swore that the course she was bringing on the land should fall on her own kin, and that none of the children of her race should be blessed or holy in their loves. The old lady, being superstitious, glanced with a shiver at the bright-eyed little Spaniard standing near, and, bent on averting the curse from that pretty head, vowed it then and there to the veil, and planned to send the girl home to a Spanish convent as soon as she was old enough to profess. But that day was far ahead, and the tiny girl loved life, and made merry, and gradually Shut up into a beautiful maiden, while those about her thought her still a child. And though she know all about the veil and the vow, she had plans of her own which included vows of an altogether different nature - plane which took her often away among the wild rose bushes to meet the young grandson of him who had laid the curse upon her. When the truth came out it was a case of Montague and Capulet over again, and one fine day the bleeding body of Romeo was found under the sweetbriar, and a young kinsman of Juliet's fled the country. Then it was that poor Juliet in her agony bethought her of her unfulfilled vow, and would have been off convent-seeking, but the convent doors were now shut upon her. Had she not, through her wilful wickedness, sent an unshaven soul into eternity in the midst of its sins P Was she, by after date repentance, to win peace while the soul of her lover wandered in accursed disquiet? The Church would have none of her-so, at least, she was told by relatives whom she had disgraced, and who would no longer raise a finger or pay a dowry to case her distraught mind. As for her joining a sisterhood where no dowry was required, that was not to be thought of ; family pride and family tradition forbade it. So poor Juliet took to wandering about the country side in the moonlight till her unhinged mind completely gave way, and then nothing would do but she must dress herself in man's attire, and go every night with the long black hair, which she herself had shorn, in her hand, to the bush beneath which her lover's corpse had been found, there to lay her locks on the ground and dabble them in imaginary blood. She died mysteriously, of playing, some said of suicide, others whispered ; anyhow, of a death which left an unquiet ghost to haunt the earth. When the good Sisters of Charity appeared in the neighbourhood, a spectre, clad in a garb different to that of their order, made them so pro- digiously uncomfortable that they speedily shifted their quarters. Then, later, came the stately white-robed Dominicans, who made no sign of being disquieted in their spacious abode, and so the chatter of the countryside diminished. " You see," concluded Dame Durden, " you was the order to which She'd been vowed, and so, perhaps, she couldn't annoy them so much ; but she often goes to them for sure, cure. Some think that She's justawaitin' and watching' in hopes of some men running away or killed' her self or doing of something else that's bad, and then she just got inside that there nun's shops and be part of the convent, the same as if she'd reckoned the vows, and be win her salvation. Oh, yonoodn'tbo starra'. I've heard of suchdoin's myself in the old country. Anyway, they do toll that, Saints' days-if you'll got the nuns to let you in to Shapely may see her there in the corner, in gowns that you can look through, again' and again' with her big eyes, to see if there's any man she can got inside. But it's a bad sight, and brings you no good, and I hope you'll never got to chapel saints' days. It's devil's work." Did I got there despite Dame Durden's energetic crossing, or did I only lie under the eglantine and dream of Juliet P Somotimo and some- where a voice whispered in my ear the end of the broken ballad, Under the Eglantine, The pale pink eglantine, I knelt and railed at wrath divine, I tore those silken locks of mine, I fainted in my grief Lupino, Anoatli the eglantine. Under the eglantine, The pale, pure eglantine, There lay a pool like blood-red wins. My love had pledged his soul for mine, My love had found Life's andras ! Anoath the ejzlontum 