TUB GLOBE TROTTER. THE DEVIL'S SNARP Vvpy i ?. *'''''* ???..,.? '' '^-Ni &vBl6ddSue1;$:ing Plant Discovered1 in Nicaragua. Tho Strango and Hiaoons Vogotablo Growth Found In tho Swamps of Con ttosand Iuorccllblo Vornoity. Leroy Dunstan, the woll-known naturalist who has spoilt nearly two yonrs in Oontrui Amorioa studying tho flora and fauna of tho oountry, relates the finding of a (singular growth in ono of tho swamps whioh surround the great lake of Nicaragua. Ho was engaged iu hunting for botanical and entomologioHl spooimena in this awamp, Whioh is known as Sin Sebastian')), when ho heard his dog ory out as if in agony from n distanoo. linnning to tho spot from whioh the animal's cries oame, Mr. Dunston found him enveloped in a perfeot not-work oft what seemed to be a fine, rope-liko tissuo of roots or fibres, the nature of whioh was unknown to him. Tho plant or vine seemed composed en tirely of baro, interlaaing Btems, rosomblinsj more than anything else tho brn.nchea of tho weeping willow denuded of all foliage, but of a dark, nearly black hue, and covered with a thiok. viaoid gum that exuded from their pores. Drawing his knlfo, Mr. Dunstan endeavored to out tho animal free, but it was oeeded in severing the flsshy, mucoular fibre. To his horror and amazement tho naturalist saw that tho dog's body was oovered with blood, while his haitless skin appeared to have been aotually suokod or puokorcd in spots, and tho animal staggered as it from weakness and exhaustion. In outting the vino tho twigs onrlcd like living, sinuous fingers about fifr, Dunstnn's hand and it required no slight frrce to free tho member from its dinging olanp, whioh left the flesh red and blistered. The gum exuding from tho vino was of a grayiBh dark tingo, remarkably adhesive and of a disagree able animal odor, very powerfal and nauseat ing to inhalo. The native servants who aooorapanied Mr. Dunstan manifested tho greatest horror of the vine, whioh thoy oall lasagonas dediable, the devil's Beine, or snare, and were full of Btoriee of its death- dealing powers. One ol these stories was of an Englishman residing in Managno, who, while hunting in the swamp a few years ago, lay down ba neath a tree whero a large ana poworful specimen of this singular plant wan growing, and inadvertently falling nsloep, awoke to . find himself enveloped in its web, and deBpito of every effort made to oxtrioatohim, poriehed in its deathly embrace. ixuuiuur o»ury was 01 an osoopea oonvict who had hidden in the owamp and whose bones had been found in the folds of the sagonas pnly a short timo before Mr. Dun Stan's visit. Theao stories, remarkablo as they oeom, are firmly believed in by tho people, but tho only threo spooimens whioh Mr, Danstan was ablo to find were all small uuuo, tuuuQU GUU UJUBUUtj Ol bUB largGSl WOUIO probably, if. extended in a straight line, measure nearly, if not quite, one hundred feet. He was ablo to discover very little about tho nature of the plant, owing to tho difflonlty of handling it, for its Rrnsp can only be torn away with the loss of skin and oven of flesh, but so near as Mr. Dunstan oauld asoertain its power of euotion ia con tained in a number of infinitesimal months or little suokers, whioh, ordinarly closed, open for the reception of food. The gum exuded seems to servo the two fold purpoaoof inoreaeing its teuaoity and of overcoming a victim by its sickening odor. The plant ib found only in low, -wet places, and usually beneath a larpe tree, and while dormant seems only a network of dry, dead vines covering the blaok earth for several feet, but ooming in contact with anything will instantly begin to twist and twine up ward in a horrible, life-like manner, breaking out with tho gum-liko substanoe Bpoken of before, and enwrap tho objeot with a celerity that is almost inoredible. If the nubBtanoe is animal the blood is drawn off and the caroase or refuse than dropped. A lump of raw meat beinc thrown it in the Rhort timo o{ five minutes tho blood will bo {thoroughly drunk off and the moss thrown aside. Its voracity is alrnoBt beyond belief, it devouring at ono time over ten pounds of meat, though it may bo deprived of all food for weeks without any apparent loss of vitality. Mr. Danstan attempted to bring nway a root of the sagenas, but it died daring his return voyago, growing bo fonl with a strong odor of real animal corruption that ho was obliged to get rid of it. A yoono lady at a refreshment bar bih rnounted a difliculy very neatly the other day, when she cftid to a gentleman who had omitted .to pay for his liquor, ' Sir, if you happen to lose your purao afterwards, re member that you did not tBbo it out hero.' ' Hamlet ' is a play for all time. It will never give up tho ghost. 