A Chapter of Thrilling Adventure. The story that h3s been.; laid beforo us this morning (says thoMelbourne. Evening Standard of the 9th instant) is = • , Of a More Stae33JNG Nature: : • than any already chroniciodv • It" goes .back .15 .. years, and tho scenes, are all laid in South Africa, 3t a time when thcAiamond fever, was raging, and the Eusso-Turkish war was near- ' ing. its close. • - In Cape Colony in 1377 three.boxes contain ing 5,000 sovereigns were one day mysteriously . abstracted from a rami cart travelling between Kingwilliamstovm - and Graharnstown. • The gold belonged to the Standard,Bank,. and was . taken over to the hotel, in Kingwilhamstown, whence the mail cart started, and here placed in the vehicle by Mr. Pointing, manager of the hostelry,-in the presence of the bank officials. One of them mounted the box with, the driver, and all went well until a certain half-way turnpike was reached, when the bills of lading had to be scrutinised, and the contents of the vehicle examined. Then it was: found that the ., gold was hot on board. It had disappeared in some unaccountable manner ; but - how. or ,«r where it had gone to remained a mystery for 6om'e time' after. - - v It was noticed that at about this tinio A: SEAPABisra- Engineer named "Buixt" . <v • 1 WnXlAMS was knocking about KingwilHainstcnvn, and in such a way as. to excite suspicion; in the minds of the police, for he had no ostensible means of support, though he represented him self as being, connected with a big engineering firm in-Eng land. He lived at the hotel where Pointing was manager, the "owner,of the place being at the time in the old country, having left Point-' ing' to look after his interests during his absence.' Pointing and Williams were fart, friends, and the faot that Pointing evidently knew something, of how the money had dis appeared. brought suspicion on both men alike. There was no direct evidence upon which either "could Be.arrested, and so it was decided-to keep them both under close aurveiUance. . .. Williams' began to find this sort of thing J-rathcr disagreeable, and determined to put' some distance between himself and the Cape.. Colony police' authorities as 6oon as possible. But has time for departure had not yet arrived. . , Ho resolved, to put up with'the risk a little longer,' rather than leave-the- country, and perhaps lose.the chance of sharing in the spoil. . -: The polico at last . 7 Determined to . Acr. Boldlv Against . Pointing, fearing that ho would sooner or later give them. the slip. So they pounced iipon him suddenly, one day and accused hiin of . the robbery; and he, takcnabackwith the suddennessof thccharge, tacitly admitted he was a party to the deed. , Tho bank, , more anxious for the money than for the vindication of the law,' gave tho thief to understand that if he would only lead' them to the place where the coin was "planted," they . would not prosecute him. He reluctantly con sented. The money, he told them, had been planted in a sandhill near tho town.. Thero were several such hills, but he could not tell then exactly which one. Two policemen, a bank official, and Pointing set out for the con cealed treasure. Pointing led them up one hill and down another till darkness came on, and they were, all tired, and the 5,000 sovereigns were as far away as ever. Eor several days after the search was renewedj but with, no better result.' Pointing had changed his mind. Williams had found on opportimity'of persuad ing him that it would be much hotter, to risk a / term of imprisonment, and have the' money when he camo out, than give up the money, and perhaps have to go to gaol after all. The hotel manager was at last placed on' his trial. Theevidenoo brought against him was con clusive." The jury found him guilty, and, much to his disgust, he left the court to Serve a Sentence op Three Years' Imprisonment. The position grew altogether too uncomfort able for Williams now. The eyes of tho polico were on him everywhere. It was known that . ho had played an important part in the robbery, and he knew he was suspected. While Point ing was on his trial, Williams assured \ hini he would see that ho was properly supplied with luxuries during his incarceration,- that ho would wait till he camo out again, and that then they - could lift tho "plant," leave tho country, and Sail for Australia-wrm tub £5^000. At any rate, Pointing asserted on his libera tion that such an understanding did exist between them, and how Williams on "his part fulfilled it remains to be seen. One morning, after tho liotel manager had begun to serve his sentence, a,-mysterious die appearance was reported. Williams: had not . been seen for some days, and no ono could say whore he hed gone or how he had taken his de parture. He had disappeared like a ghost in , the night, and no trace of him could ; bo found. Nothing more was heard of hinrtill about nine months latere whenra queer-looking little mau, evidently disguised, , got off the'coach at King-; williamstoTra.- No ono knew who the visitor was, ai^dos so many people were going and coming to the diiunond fiolds he did not cxcito ■" more"than ordinary. Notice.'*- The -little matt;' • ' wasnottoethor than••ltBnllyV'/Williams, who rhad.. **< • .. - * - Betusksd fob tub "Swao " When tub '.■■■■•■ Coast was Clbab. He-found 4t where. it was planted in the ■, gaud; and, laden^with sovereigns, . hp; mode ;his "way back'as quickly as possible .tirthe coast. 'On Arrival at the port of East London it was noticed he was very flush of cash. He gave; a' great spree at one of the .hotels, got. all his old * acquaintances round him, "and after a, really menytime of it',he Bailed for Lohdon. The gentleman who has supplied us with this information was at tho timo a prominent resi-' •'dent*;of-East-London,'and his bona-fidea aro undoubted. He knew' Williams well and all * about him, and has no donbt that the man who r committed the Windsor murder and the ac ' complice of .Pointing in. the South African , gold robbery are One md the Sasib Pebson. : . Williams was for some years an engineer on - ono of the Union Company's-Cape mail boats. • When at East London ho had to leave the ves sel, it was supposed, through a row with the men, who could not stand his arrogant disposi tion.- • He was known among seafaring men as , '.'Bally"'.Williams, because ;of the constant . swagger- he assumed and his notoriously • aggressive .manner. " •* ' ^ When Pointing" got out of gaol he went back to Kingwilliamsfcown to get the money he and Williams had planted, but found to his sorrow .. that Williams, who had promised to wait for • him, had been (here before him. It transpired sabsequentlyihat- Pointing, instead of patting • the boxes'of gold into tho'mail cart' \- Pur in Duaorr Boxes Instead, tho bank officials who wore standing by being deceived by tho counterfeit parcels. Williams's favourite topic of conversation on • board the Kaiser Wilbelm was " My travels in South Africa, " where he alleged bo had made -a fortune and "spent it like a man, sir." 