j A BDN05 Of YIOLETS, ! OB, I A SAILOR'S LASS. / A Romance of land and Sea. / Bl A. J. PITHOUSE. / CHAPTER XV. NEW IHBITiXS. COonttauiay ' Beslly. Gus, my boy, if this n a type of your Australian girl it must be the very home of beatify ; bat perhaps it is a choice hot-home flower. Miss Austin, if job are fond of conquests, a little mild flirtation for instance, I predict that all tbe gentlemen around will deem it an honor 'for a favoring glanee from those somnambulistic - like eyes of yours What will you take, pork, Tea], pie? Afterwards, towards evening, if inch an old crony u myself u deemed utisltc lory xor an esoo?t mu taice a walk through HardhalQ, through its near lanes snd on the sands. Then there is the minor home of Squire Aubrey.' * Squire who P'l she broke inSntrnesUy. ' Who P1 chimed in Tom Austin. ' Squire Anbrey,' mid Gas Lindsay. '?The name seems familiar to yon, children ; the family is a well-known one, but thereby hangs a tale. Jemima, more aider; very poor cider in Aastralia, I believe, this is roal old and presaod from Devon sjpples.* ' What taleF' queried Miss Austin. ? v» eu, tne manor is as present upside down, owing to the retnrn of the Squire's own son who was lost in his infancy. Ton oan see the honse from here,' rising and withdrawing the curtains, * om .yonder, half-hidden on an eminence by elmB and beeches. Mr George Aubrey ?was the squire until the advent of the old squire's heir in the form of a handsome young man, when he struct his colors, and is now plain George Aubrey pos sessed of so many hundreds instead of thousands a year. I am sorry for the ill. turn of his fortune, but an be possesses unusual talent, if he gave his miud to : art in yearn to come we would see his works hanging on the line and himaclf an honored K.A. However, according to accounts, he has lost every desire fnr his pslotte and brashes and roams about the manor grounds with a melancholia that bodes no good for his future stat of mind, I as a doctor would prescribe foreign scenes and as much gay life as possible. Bumor has it lie is also in lore, and this passion to a nature like his if unrequited will alone ruin him for life, thoneh natumllv one tniint (vwiDrntniatn Un Aubrey on the reappearance of ber own son. George Aubrey is but adiDtoj in place of the son that was lost — but, Hiss Austin, ymi seem undisposed, you are unwell or perhaps tired, and an old fogey like myself wearies yos.' Her eyes were fixed oa the manor, her cheeks were pale, and her hair shone like bur nished gold where the sunlight caught it, sending the shadow of tbe gosscmer fabric of the window curtains in & net work halo over her head, under which gleamed the snow-white of her neck above a pale blue collar, set oft by a solitary red rose. 'You are faint,' said the old dootor, ' and if I have unwittingly said anything to offend you — to call up reminiscences long buried — ' She was .ilent She could see the mansion and its grounds that Gaorge Anbrey when in Queensland loved to bout of. It belonged to another, and the. doctor said he loved, that he was brooding, and it to a nature like his meant life or death. 'Oh that I had saver left home,' she mannered, calling to mind passionate words that Aubrey had uttered, together with the look of furv he had oast UDon Ikfolvilin vTimi nt,a admitted the fact of her engagement; and now aireumstanoes had cast her at the feat of a man whose very presence she for Mm* reason loathed, snd who in his reversed situation might take advantage and force his attentions in a manner hitherto never thought of ; unknowingly she had placed herself in his power, thsn eonfioen-tlike, she considered herself a match for any nun and would lee him know he could not draw blood from a stone. She stood like a picture before the open curtains, looking upon the manor, its parks resplendent in the dying glory of Antumn, where the brown deer browsed beneath the trees, while the gamekeeper, gun on arm, sauntered along in the distance towards some cattle whose low bellow came in a murmur on the wind, laden with an odour of m«itt earth and dead leaves. She saw the old chuioh in front of the doctor's, grim and grey, with its tall spire aurmonnted by a gilt cross, and the light struck through stained glass windows, sending colors aB of the rainbow upon the white tomb stones alongside, while ander a clamp of willows in the foreground stood a man, his folded arms reBtin? nnnn a sriu. gazing intently at the doctor's residence, as a sequel to her thoughts ; she knew it was George Aubrey. He was watching the house. Then his form was lost to view among the tombstones. 1 He's a fine fellow,' Tom Austin was saying, ? a fine shot and first-rate rider ; the way he took oar fences was a sight for our oldest bushman to Bee, sits the saddle like a bom jockey, wouldn't mind taking a bet that he's equal to any man in Devon at a hunt ; a clever chap besides. I'm sorry to hear of the ill change in his fortune, though, from my acquaintance, I should imagine he'd be the last man to look down in the mouth — ' ' My brother, I am sorry to Bay, is greatly addicted to slang, doctor,' she said, turning from the window. ' he seas no beauty in yonder landscape unless some poor atumal shows across the fields.' 'Some young ladies ditto,1 laughed Tom, ' as Gas here can substantiate. My sister, doctor, can ride a horse bare backed over a three rail fence, though apparently your fences are made of green stuff here. Sbe can show her skill upon ? five-barred gate ' 'Ah, ah,' echoed the doctor, 'much as our ladies ride, none of them can come up to the circus riding style — bare- backed over a five-barred gate; it is nniane. I haa von Hava finisha/fl speculating upon the manor, Miss Austin. Your opinion of the scene ai viewed from my window f ' 'It is charming, doctor, tempting so much that I almost relinquish taocgbts of returning home, and long to settle down here the remainder of my natural life. The spot, like the rest of what I bave seen of Devon, is quiet and quainr, possessing a peculiar fascination that soothes the mind as eau da Colonge does the headache, and England, in comparison to Australia, is like a iamb oompared to a wolf, otherwise it is a country that at every turn speaks to one's foul. At every turn iB some worn structure, grey with moss and litchen, among great gnarled trees, mistletoe* some wbite-robed Druid gathering mistletoe to deck the altars formed of huge stones, that even now may be seen standing where their owners left them.' ' Vou are too imaginative,' laughed the doctor. ' ynu revel too muc'j in th= ideal. and live in a world fall of »nn»hite, when satyrs gambol and all is music. Yet your description is not so far out. 3£oct yocng ladies would have judged 3£ngland by the good-looking or perhaps eligible gentleman, dresses, together with its faculties for croquet and lair a tennis, and it takes away my breath to hear a young lady talking bo coolly about pld ruins and Druids' altars.' ' I have often read about these spots, svnd now I am here almost every ?tone possesses in my eyes some ?Attraction, I look upon your hoary pCdinge with tmucation; even trliile Looking at yonder manor one could imagine an array of steel-clad knights, srurtly ' ladies, and yonder country overran by half -civilised Britons.' ? You talk like a bcok, Miss Austin ; girls of your age think not of knights or half-civilised Britons ; I as a doctor am well-versed in medioal lore, yet I am some thing of an antiquarian, and can tell yon the hietory of every old structure within a radius of fifty miles. From Dapath Well, where a maiden fell in love with a gallant knight, to a yarn of ghosts of dead saerifiees haunting your Druids' stones. Bat love tales to an imaginative lady like you savor soft. For instance, one about Squire Aubrey's ancestors gaining yonder manor after a terrific slaughter, but- — ' A glow had crept into the peirl tint of her cheeks, and her eyes were full and lnminoufi. Her breath seemed to come and go in gasps, while her hands played with the white tablecloth. ' She is in love,' mused the dootor, glancing at Gas Liadssy as if to read the solution there. ' She has a romance connected with her, and if a nature like hers loves, it is either to thrive like some glorious blossom or pine and fade as an autumn leaf. She's si lovely as a Madonna, as sensible as tilysses, yet her whole being seems an enigma. She flushes up like a piece of touohpaper, then relapses into a dreamy frame of mind as if her soul had fled from her body, letving it like some beautiful statue carved of marble. Her figure and faoe are fit for a Venus, her manner rises and falls like mercury, one moment ber gaze is soft and friendlv-like, the next cold and rigid, like those heavenly faces nT Minting A-t»»ln lifalflrn mnA lnn.U but inanimate itself. There is no denying that she is the most beautiful woman I have ever met, and will thaw men's hearts as the sun melts the icicles dangling from the eaves. Bat how could my mention of Aubrey affect her boP Oaa if be that she— he was at her home— him there P If so her presence here is like a red-hot iron among gun powder; but doubtless it is a mere surmise.' Thus the old dootor speculated as he watched her rise from the dinner tible. She had sested herself and wa turning over the leaves of an album, apparently interested in its perusal, when a servant handed the doctor a note bearing the manor crest. Doctor L'inisty slipped the envelope. 1 Apart from antiquarian or philosophical discussions, Alias Aus.m, here is one of a great number of frivolous Amusements — an invitation to a ball at the mauor house next week.' ? Mr Aubrey's house,' she murmured without lifting her gaze. ' The elite ball of the season. Old as I am I never miia the affair.' ' I cannot go.' ? ' Nonsense, child ; as a doctor I com mand it, a little jovialty will do you good. What pDBsible objection can yon 4 1 am not used to your fashionable parties ; in fact I have never attended one escopt country affairs such as take Slace in Q lsesiliud. I would rather ave a day's outing with you in the ' With an old fogey like me P' langhed the doctor, scratching his velvet skull cap. 'Why, any young lady of your age would jump at such an invitation.' She fingered the invitation card in her not partaken of oar hospitality at home I would not go. As it is, doubtless he would deem it strange, prou1?, and im* polite to refuse. 1 am tired of flatteryland dancing, and the empty-headedness that usually attends such wearies me; to S lease you and Mr Aubrey I wili go, but o not blame me if I appear cynical and awkward, especially when in the com pany of gentlemen.' ' The deer in the park are not more graceful than you,' replied the doctor. You will cause envy among the ladies, and admiration from the sterner sex. Wnat more can a girl require P' * ' ' ' ? ? ????- a,A, BY THB SEA. Evening and solitude, save the swish swash of the sea upon the sands, where two or three luggers lay drawn up on the beach by the fishers hnts, through whose open doors the red fire gleamed, while a stalwart blue-gnernseyed felloir, sur rounded by his wife and family, partook of a meal ere he was out again on the ocean. Broken nets hung here and there, jigged rents, while scales of fish glittered thick everywhere like dull silver leaves fallen from stacks of wicker baskets piled near the huts. It was dusk, and a grey mist enshrouded the adjacent cliffs, now faint, but in daytime showing great boulders lying at the feet of a perpendicular steep, where the sea gulls pe-ched, and the waves broke high, enshrouding nooks and crannies in a perpetual white veil like the gossamar fall of a bride, while above, oa the sward, a coastguard station and a white iehthouse stood DrnminAnt. w}iii--i mt nieht lit the waves in a blood glare far out seawards like dancing fire. This evening tbe channel was dead as a lake, but a slight ripple met the beach, and the air lay heavy wi'h an odor of brine and seaweed. H-rdham itself stood in the rear, its church spire tower ing above the cottages, over the oaks and elms where the cawine rooks wore at rest, undisturbed by the chu-ch bell ; ntsinc-d glass windowB gleamed here and there between the network tracory of trees, while forma of villagers were standing or trsiking 03 the gnreiled path toward': the door, which opened showed the swing ing lamps lit, and shedding a refulgent glow over the old oak pews. The belch stretched in a sinuous line, until lost in a mist, through which broke the swaying headlights of distant luggers while the sound of chains grinding through, their hawseboles showed thai the fishers were getting un^er way. Doctor Lindsay, true to his word, had been Miss Austin's guide, and they had roamed through the surrounding country, clambered over stiles and hedges, from the time when Che skylark had first soared into the heavens until now, when weary they stood upon the sands to -retch the fleet of boat* go out. ^ The girl to him was an eu'inni, and at times, like Melville, he was at a loss tn answer the cross-questions put to him. 4^-w vuutu um bmuu uy BUU WB'4.11 JIGr pencil, as one spot and another went into the pages of her sketca book with a rapidity and neatneBs of execution that made him doff his velvet sknll-cap and scratch his bald head, as hi wondered how she could tTace those outlines with such unerring photographic accuracy. ' They ire for the Sydney ' To* and Country Journal,' she would say, as her eyes fixed upon his benevolent features, and smiled. 'A D»y in Davon.' etc.. it will be headed. Oh no, I am no journalist bat one must be amused, and everything is new to me here. Your Devon air and scenery are exhilarating. YeB, Qaeens and if right enoagb., yoa knoir, one mast love the native home ; the green forest* and primeval simplicity of my native home are dear to me, but I enjoy myself as in a seventh heaven here.' ' With an old man like me,' he would say, ' G us LindBay and your brother must be lonely.' ' Men like eaoh other's company, and a girl like myseif is a bor«; yoa don't mind escorting me do youP Old gentleman as a rule are more entertaining than young.' 'Immensely Battering,' the doctor replied with a bow. ' But one young man in particular is your seventh heaven. am a bit of a physiognomist and oau tell you're in love, child, yon are lonely, hronding, it is but natural; and this moment I would forfeit a hundred pounds to tnow the man who possesses the loTer to lord it over such, a heart as leata beneath that yachting attire yon for some reason always seem to wear. A nans! officer, I presume.' Then her head bent l«w ovtr her book, and he noticed the fairness of her cheeks become overspread with a glow as of the breaking dawn, * Treat me as yonr father, child, eh — ? m I not right, too inqsisitive, perhaps P Old trentlemen area bore yos koow.'. . ' You are destitute -t that empty dis play of flattery and idle talk that most young men greet the ears of a girl with, they imagine we rare for nothing but friviolty, and the more sngar talk they can think of, the higher they rise in our estimation. They imagine our sole sense consists in dressing doll-like, H simper and smile, while they smoke cigars, politely enquiring if smoke is obnoxious, expeoting us of course to say no if we mean yes ; in short, to be something of a plaything for their momentary gratifi cation. That is cne tasmon ot most young men when they escort a lady, hence my preference for elderly gentlemen.' ' I pity our fashionable bloods,' laughed tbe doctor, ' they will naturally look for those pleasant moments you refrain from granting, and such a face and figure, too.' 'Flirtation and love ran in opposite directions. I am not the cold cynical being yon perhaps imagine me to be. I have loved and do love doctor, yet we are severed as are the poles.' Doctor Lindsay asked no more, he had no desire to probe a bleeding heart, great in its sincerity. He contented himself by watching the outlines growing upon the pages of her sketch book, and noted with pain the hunted look that had crepe into uor cyo, «uu uio upo 4ui-«iiuik with emotion at the conclusion of her ' Pardon me, MisB Austin. I had no in tention of deepaning wounds, and I am grieved if unwittingly I have pained vou. See, Carlo is having fine fan in yonder meadow with the sheep. Had we not better drive him off ; old farmer Flagett is a tough customer and I have no desire 10 pay coats. I see your sketch is finished, you can get some delightful glimpses on the shore, and, if you are fond of hsaring yarns, we will sit awhile on the cliff and listen to old boatswain Bill, who has served the Queen ; one eyed and one legged he is a pe-feot sample of an old tar.' ' Nothing could ba better,' she replied, and so they had roamed about, followed be the doctor's retriever Carlo and now toe mree wern ujjuu me iwuu.b, nmiiim the sea lapping the rooks, while the lighthouse light shone liite a brilliant red moon through a haze. 'The wind la changing and turning cold, doctor,' she said as she drew ihe oollar of her yachting jacket up, ' and see, the luggers are moving seawards, they will have a tough beat one of the bay, as what wind there is blows dead in their treeth. I almost wish I were going too.1 ' Yon t.«Ik like a seaman, but doubtless it wa« learned on your voyage. I have noticed that passengers fresh uff a long voyage are fond of indulging in sea phrases. Here are some brilliant anemones and fine seaweed. The anemones are a rare sort and will do splendidly for my s-] annum, the seaweed for your album, together with those choice fenis you gathered down near the creek. Bealiy, such an old fogey as my self is in luck to-day, a rare anemone and rare forns.' 'I am a bit of a sailor, doctor ; you see at home I have a yacht and our villa is near the sea. Hark, I fancied I heard someone in the shadow of yonder rook, but 'tis only fancy; yonder lugger has finished her first tack doctor. We must be up early to-morrow morning to see them arrive with the fish/ Then she began coaxing the retriever to fetch oul an ivory knobbed hickory stick that she had been carrying all day in her hand. ' Doo tor, Carlo is in a sulk, yon ought to have allowed him to have his way with those sheep, then he would have brought my stick out, now its floating after the boats. Carlo, eo in sir!' At that moment a gentleman sprang from somewhere and waded into the water. ' As if in answer here comes a knight,' said the doctor. A young man attired in a red coat, white pants, and riding boots splashed out. 'Young lady, permit me the honor to return yonr stick,' he Baid, doffing his jockey cap. She started a pace backwards, and through the dusk she saw the man was 'Squire Aubrey,' said the doctor, titter ing in spite of himself, at her perplexed manner. ' I flung it for Carlo,' she was stammer ing, ' your — your feet must be wet.' ' Not at all, I have been hunting to-day,' said Aubrey, 'and have riding boots an ; but am I speaking to — oan it bs ftfiss Austin, of Oakville, Queensland P This is a pleasant surprise,' shaking hands ' Welcome to the manor,' then his lips set as he remembered bis. position, asd is he gazed upon her in the dusk time ais heart beat hard, and his hand sen iii whip sharply aesinat his ridine boots. whose rowels bore dark streaks, showing hoir he had goaded his uteei on. Her jacket was buttoned up to her throat, it was white with brass buttons — the badtre he hated — and her dress was blue. He could almost hear the breath surging beneath her heaving bosom, while 'her oyes glowed like the stars. She hated him. He knew it, aid his naturally fair fair grew dark with pasrion. His cnat was torn as if by the hedges, and he was bespattered with mud. 'Yon see. Doctor,' he said with aa abortive attempt to laugh, ' I have been in the wars, my horse shied and I went into a diteh, so I skirted the shore to mike a near cut home. Where the nag is I cannot say. Have you voyaged alone, Miss Austin P It is but a short time since I lefc shipboard myself.' ' My brother and Mr Lindsay, a friend, accompanied me.' ' Indeed? Then 1 shall seek the pleasure of Tom's company to-morrow evening j of course yoa will come to the Manor, and — and ? ' He could not say that his prospects had fallen eince his leaving Queensland, and that Mel ville, her lover, was now Squire Aubrey, and owner of the manoAj he could not say that Melville had walked the same spot on which she now stood, or that ho was now en route to Australia, in the hope of being nnited to her ,- so that he stood before he flipping his silver mounted whip and scraping patches of dried mud off his red coat, while his wart cursed bitterly the day he had met her. He was a ruined man. She alone could save him. Stung by fallen pride, his hopes fallen, he stood like a totieruur tree snaking before a gale that biased about hi« ears, with a memory of wasted talent, of dead hopes that to a nature, proud as it was, might goad him to suicide or insanity. Confident and happy in his future prospects he had lived, but never loved until lie had met this girl, and her he loved with an in tensity of devotion that meant life or death. He chewed his moustache and swallowed muttered oatha an she stood before him, her manner frigid yet polite ; then, as once before in Qaeengland, on that morning when he gazed upon her beauty 'neath the blue sky under the hot arch of a northern Bummer, he swore that she should never marry the man Melville, who, now as Squire Aubrey, had deprived him of hit rights ; and so, tranquilly, he began talking about her homo and how he had enjoyed himself there. It had been a desarc here, it was not now ; he hoped she would enjoy hsr stay in England ; he trnsted some time would elapse ere she returned, and of course she would oome to the manor ; then, doffing his cap, he walked away. ' Poor fellow, I piiy him/ ^aid the doctor, ' this disappointment will prove a groat blow; even now I notice lines cut deep into his faoe, he seems ten yean older. He possesses one of those natures that if misfortune occurs will' jink beneath the bloW'And never rise ; mark my word, henceforth George Aubrey is a ruined man, and some woman he loves alone can save him.' 1 Doctor,1 in an unnatural tone, ' we had bettor go home ; oome Oarlo.' In the greatness of her gtftst heart she pitied this man; she had noticed the deep carves round his lips, heard his heavy breathing, and saw a flush stain his brow on his appearance after recovering her sties: from theses, and her mind swaved momentarily between two decisions. She could not bear to see a dog -miserable let alone a human being. Agitated as she was on noticing Aubrey's haggard looks, his dejected manner, she wondered if she gave her lore to him would ?1.A m-W kin. li.nn. ailJ fliM. 1.b« liaavt like a compass needle swaying towards the north, rebounded to a time when a man held her in his arms 'neath the shade of hn native gum trees, and whose lips met hen with an electric touoh thai sent a thrill of rapture coursing, like a tidal wave, through her body as they meandered arm in arm under dead white trees, reddened by the glow of a dying sun, and whom she had promised faith fully to love *, and then, with a mind struggling between pity and a sense of love and duty, as her white face gazed at the stan swimming in the sea above, she admitted that Melville alone could ever possess her love, and she eould never safer another to come between, and her mind was drawn towards him like as an anchored vessel is drawn by the ebb and flow of the tide. (To be eentimuA.y 