LOCAL AND GENERAL TOPICS. ^AjjEHjriTIO^ram the Natnalv -Snn Council waited on the Secret ry for Lands on Wednesday, in the absence of the Minister, and asked that the miners who had erected dwellings for themselves on the Narracan Creek reserve at Coalville shonld be allowed to remain there. It was stated that they ha'l been residing on the la d for fire or six years, so as to be near their work at the coal mines, bat that the Crown lands badiff had reported that they were trespassing, never having been given permission to build homes for themselves and their families on the reserve, and that the Board of Healih had expressed the belief that if they were allowed to remain on those Crown lands they would pollute the Narracan Creek. The deputation pointed out that it would be a hardship to peremptorily remove the men, and asked the department to deil as leniently with them as possible. It was urged that if the miners bad to quit the reserve they should not be ordered ofi without some other plase close to their work being obtained, surveyed and sold for a township Bite. Mr. Wimble promised to send an officer to report on the sutler, and that the ifinidw would give his decision on receiving the report. THE reward of £60 offered by the South Long Tunnel Gold Wining Co„ Walhalla, for Information that will lead to the c>nviction of the person or persons who pat lead in the stamper boxes of the company, has been supplemented by an additional sum of £60 offered by the Government. This is the second time lea 1 has been pat in the stamper boxes of the South Long Tunnel Co., and it is hoped that the reward of £100 now offered •will beidttimmeatal fa Be luring the arrest of the perpetrators. •« A iqnifiwifcfri WMIMWlillil'^Ttll tue mnrder at Ko. J57 Andrew-streelv Winder, occurred the other day, and escaped the ubiquitous reporter. Three women, coosum d jy th*t curiosity eo market in the sex, went •qnieHy in.- the m -loak at .Oc. scene of the tzago&y.; ne front gate was locked, and the three females coolly broke the fastening. They (bond a etep-lad-ler, which they placed against tie window cf the room. Mounted on the ladler, the trio were feasting tiieir eyes on tbehnibpn hpartji when the door of the mom opened noiselessly and the figure of * man walked in. The -women in their excited state of mind looked upon the man as & ghost, and with a triple ecream they all fell off Che ladder into a heap, where they were seised by the landlord of the (dace, who wished to give then in (juuge to the" ghost" (the ctretaker policeman) for breaking into the premises. Eventually, the landlord relented and let the women go. They were (says "Punch") half dead with Bright, and ate likely to repress their morbid curiosity for the future. MB. J. EJQGBT, the frnBb expe t of Ih good samples of hemp have been produced and he believed that, with the assistance of irrigation, highly remunerative yields could be obtained. The seed has also flourished in Gippsland. THE Walhalla Beep Lead Co. report for week ending yesterday :—North drive advanced 17ft_ total. 232ft.; 4rft_ of nice looking t wash, carrying nice sample coarse gold ; rise np in the north- eastern tributary ; opening sets in position, ready for driving ; will try prospect next week ; south drive advanced total, 148ft., in strong clean reef, which is now a little over tlx back laths ; now cleaning boiler. THE monthly sitting of the Moe Police Court takes place on Thuisday next. To-iio&sow; the Yen. Archdeacon Langley conducts service at Moe, Snnny Cieek and far-agon. The rev. gentleman's frequent visits to this neighborhood of late have given every reason to expect that both those who know and have heard of his abilities will avail themselves of the opportunity to hear him. At the nurning service at Moe the offertory will go towards the erection of the new church. IT is obvious that Parliament committed A blunder when it passed a law to reduce the municipal rating valuation from 5 per cent, to 3 per cent, and this was fully ackn4wwaited on the Minister of Public Works on Wednesday, and even by the Minister himself. The fault rests with the Legislative Council; but whether that body will consent to retrace its steps, and remote the injustice done to holders of improved property by patting unimproved and improved property on the same footing, remains to be seen. Certain it is that if the law is not speedily altered, many municipalities will be placed iu a very awkward position. Most of the local councils find it difficult to cany on even with a 5 per cent, me, and they have, iu many instances, to lesort to adventitious from mea- s of raising additional revenue in order to get on with anything like equability. SEVERAL fine samples of maize, grown by Mr. A. MoncriefE, at Tanjil Hills, have been on view i > Moe during the past week in certain business places. We understand ihat the maize crops in tbisdistrictareexceptionally good this season, and tiat Mr. MoncrieiFs is but one of many of like samples than ran be produced by local farmers. UB.GBOOV will address the electors BalBton on Tuesday we k at 2 p.m., and on the same evening at Childers at S o'clock. We believe Friday, 6th April, at 11 a.m_ is the time fixed for the meeting at Moe. THE largest sum yet received by the collector of customs in the shape of '-conscience money" was received by Dr. Wallaston on Wednesday, and it came all the way from England. It consisted of a Bank of England £5-note, and attached to it-was the following communication :—" From a la ly who some years ago brought out some things for a filend as personal luggage. The enclosed will quite cover all duty with interest." This information is in a lady's handwriting, bnt there is, of course, no signature and no address. AT the Bosedale council meeting on Monday it was resolved, on the motion of Cr. Cloak, seconded by Cr. Lang—"That this council strongly objects to the granting of licenses to Hindoo hawkers, as they are a gicu country, who are in constant fear of them, as they will not leave when requested to do so." liosedale councillors are rattier late iu making these discoveries and entering their protest. 