ttlalea and Sketches 1 THE. HISTORY OF A CRIME. ? : a'ebminisobnob. . By F. F. Gray. More than a quarter of a century ago, residents throughout tho length and breadth of Australia were shocked by reading ' in the daily press details of a dreadful murder. perp9trated In Dayles ford, a prosperous aod populous mining township located about 75 miles north west of Melbourne. Society at that time had not settled down to the conventional lovel of the present day, and many anomalies then rampant have long since vanished in the limbo of the past, Con trasting tho period I am writing of with the present, the. superior civilisation of modern times stands out in bold relief. Life for the masses was then rough and ready,' especially for thoBe sturdy san guine fellows hailing from all parts of tho globe, who mingled on the diggings and delved into the earth in search of gold. Truly they were a generation. of P Titans, who would I verily believe havo pursued the god of their. , idolatry to the gloomy realms ? of Pluto. ? Ordinary hardships they regarded with contempt, and if it was unpleasant working in deep shafts saturated with damp and impregnated with foul air, it only tended to make life on the surface alj ,the more erijoyablej and certainly there was no lack of entertain ment and amusement of one kind and another, though of an invariably rude and evil character. Personal experience, hewever, is necessary to form an ides, of the tumult and excitement that prevailed on the goldfields, and principally on { rushes,' at that period, It was an epoch in colonial history when Hope and Dis appointment waged a . fierce . conflict — when all the latent passions in human nature were brought into play in the wiid and transient drama of life- Tho gentle restraints of the family circle were absent and utterly forgotten by thousands of mon and womeu, who drifted hither and thither, as the caprices of fortune or their own nomadic inclinations suggested ; yet despite all such unfavourable ' conditions my experience has been that deep in tho human heart is implanted the love ' of. domestic life, and- any ..effort to stifle that sacred instinct can only end in sorrow and disaster. , Ab many -of those who left the Old World to seek their fortunes in Australia belonged to the agricultural and pastoral classes, the new order — or disorder — of things in the antipodes must have seemed very novel to them, being so dif ferent from the tenor of everyday life in the .Northern-' ;. homes they had forsaken, but to which , they were perhaps to return with wealth and happi ness to be shared with the dear ones for whom they had braved the perils of the ocean and tke unknown dangers , of a stange land remote from that in which the ashes of their forefathers reposed. The road'to Hades, 'tis said, is paved with good Intentions, and those unsophisticated bucolio'a would need to have been fortified with, rare moral courage and discretion to avoid the temptations and cunningly-laid snares for tha unwary when tho gold fever raged across the straits. But of all' the seductive and terrible , minions of 'Vice to to be combatted, King Alcohol was the most formidable of the. Santanio brood. This hideous monster reigned supreme, and in his honour temples were raised, as if by magic, in which slavish, delirioua devotees indulged in mad bacchanalial orgies to the accompaniment of ribald songs, and obscene dances Seasoned with weeping and laughter And Heeds of deceit and distrust With joy in the drinking and after Dishonour, Disgrace, and Disgust. . Then, as now, every hovel licensed by authority was ontentatiouBly dubbed ' hotel.'. Such 'places abounded on the diggings, and Day leaf ord, foremost in the van, was 'cursed with many of the dens in which every device was practiced to allure the thoughtless,' and no labour or expense' spared in pandering to the. evil propensi ties of the inherently, depraved. Mubic with all 'its charms, and~'woman with 'all' her fascinations,, were ' vilely perverted and betrayed into instruments f or -pro- moting the'fell designs of the- shameless aatyra who, rigged in all the bravery of paste and ' Brummagem ' jewelly, posed as ruling divinities of the pandemoniums. Proprietors of BhantieB employed female attendants as decoys to ensure success in business, and also 'to maintain the re putation of the establishment !' Bar maids wore the order of the day, and the young, the gay, and the fair were in veigled into a conspiracy agaimt their own happiness and that of society. Theao sometimes artless, but often artful ETebes, were recruited' from any grado in the community, and the inducements' held forth, together with the roseate hues in which the, career of the saucy, familiar barmaid was painted, stimulated the envy and ambition of the girls of the period. ?It would be unfair, of course, to say that all the licensed houses on tlie gold fields in Victoria were of the character here sketched ; on the contrary, some of them wore ' conducted in a circumspect manner, and in' an hostelry .of this kind Mary Lee contracted the unfortunate ' relations ; wh'loh ulti mately resulted in what was termed ' The Daylesford Tragedy.' Prepossessing in faco and figure,and of pleasing disposition, it is not surprising that ' Mary;, the rraid of the inn' had many admirers and lovers' among the swains who frequented the bar in which she presided. But, like the suitors of old, those homely LotharioB were doomed to disappointment, and their languishing- sighs and fervid protes tations of undying love wasted upon , the desert air of indifference.. Words cannot picture the rage and despair that seized upon some of the discarded loverg . when tho crushing decision was announced that all were dismissed but one— John Graham — the man to whom her heart surren dered, and whose destiny henceforth sbe meant to share. Different men: have different ways of venting their feelings, and David Young,: one of the rejected as pirants to Miss Lee's hand, in an out burst of jealousy and passion declared he would never rest contented until he Had slaked his revenge, in the blood of the ill fated Mary, whom he stigmatised as a heartless. coquette. No importance, how ever, was attached, to the fatal threat of this modern Hylas, who l thus for his Delia to the winds did mourn.' His words were regarded as the harmless ravings of unrequited life, and even Antoni- Frairo, the worthy alien, who chanced to be passing by, be trayed but little concern, save perhaps a spasmodic twitching of the lips or invol untary contraction of the dark Italian eyes. ? But the most poignant anguish of the heart is assuaged by the flight of time, and as the weeks and months rolled on, David Young retrieved his manhood and once again became the buoyant cheerful fellow he was ere -worshipping at the shrine of Venus. He not only forgave the object of his former infatuation for having accepted his rival as husband, but expressed contrition for the unmanly threat he had uttered in the dark hour when the terrible reality burst upon him that Mary was irrevocably lost to him. A brief glance at the homo surround ings of the Grahams, who had been mar ried Borne bix or ,Beven months, and resided in a little cottage on tho outskirts of the township, becomes new necessary. John proved a kind husband, sober, industrious workman, whilst hiB wife bore the reputation of being an excellent and thrifty housekeeper. Both had won golden opinion in the JiumDie spnere in which they moved, and were regarded by ? their neighbours as a loving and' con tented couple, in whose charac ters no blemishes were apparent likely to endanger conjugal happiness Now, if it be charming to contemplate scenes of domestic peace and prosperity on the one hand, how appalling on the other to behold the black polluting shadow of crime descend and transform all that was fair and bright and lovable into desolation, darkness and death. Imagine, then, the constenation bhat must have seized npori the inhabitants of Daylesford on that aunny Australian morning, ;five and twenty years ago, when the terrible tidings were borne from house to house, that Mrs Graham, gentle and offensive oreature, had been ruthlessly murdered in her bed during the ? absence of her husband at the mine, where he had been at work overnight.' As a' detailed account' of the particulars developedin'inveBtigat ing the 'tragedy would only inflict uni necessary pain on the reader, I will give only an outline of the main features, which were as follows :— 'Graham, who had been working on a night shift; left his young wife in the cottage some three-quarters of a mile away from the mine. He saw her to bed, and although the neighbourhood was lonely she had no fear. In the morn ing on returning from work he was horrified to find his wife on the bed murdered. The matter was duly re ported, the suspicion of tho local police falling on her husband ; but as no one had ever heard of a quarrel, and the young couple appeared to live on excel lent terms, the suspicion was abandoned. Near the cottage Young (the former lover) was camped, and a little farther away another man— an Italian— -also resided Graham informed the police that he found the cottage as he left it, with the excep tion of some marks on the chimney, as if the intruder had entered by that way, it being easy of access — one of thoso large slab structures so frequently seen in min ing districts. Tho local men being utr equal ?' to the occasion, the task of un ravelling the mystery was placed in the hands of that cunning criminal-catcher, Detective .- John Williams,, familiarly called ' Old Jack,' a veritable prototype of Jonathan' Wild. Originally a back slum thief in. the East End of London, he was transported to tho colonies when a youth, and ultimately accepted in th» de tective force of Melbourne. This famouB sleuth and terror of evil-doers, it might be observed, departed only a few, weeks bank for Elysium at the patriarchal age of 83 yeara. Having ferreted out the f aot that Young had threatened - tho life of Mrs Graham, Williams came .to, the conclusion that he was the murderer and accordingly arrested him. , A careful ex amination of the suspected one and his clothirjg failed to disclose the slightest stain of blood. The principal item of evidence against him was the production of a peculiarly shaped meercbaum pipe which. 'Old Jack ' swore he found on the mantelpiece in Graham's kitchen, and persons who had Been Young smoking believed it was the same pipe which prisoner was in the habit of using. Tlwt pipe hanged ? Young. ' He, was tried at Castlemaine, the celebrated Butler Cole Aspinall prosecuting,' while aa''uaual in those days any counsel waB assigned the prisoner. Young protested his innocence without avail. He was duly hanged, and died' protesting his innocence. Peace to his ashes ! It would 'be 'difficult to' find a more desolate and. barren region than that narrow tract of ; country called 'the Goorong,'. extending from the dusty town ship of Lacipede on the seaboard to the hamlet of Miningie on the eastern margin of Lake Victoria, South '-'Australia, Bounded on one side by a dense and dis mal mallee scrub of wide estent,and on the other by the mighty ' Southern^ Ocean, ' The Desert,' as it is aptly named, bears a reputation so evil that only Btern ne cessity would compel anyone to traverse its inhospitable waste of sand and ' salt pans.* Some years ago, incompany with a youthful Tasmanian, a native of the River Forth, .1 penetrated this Southern Sahara, and such was the depressing'cha racter of the surrounding landscape, Intense heat, and e car city of water for man ana horse, tnat i now retain a vivia; recollection of the hardship encountered on that journey. We covered the distano in three days, staying the first night at a dilapidated hut that served the purpose of a polioe station, and which was situ ated in the mouth of a lonely gulch that lost itself in Cretan-like labyrinths fur ther inland. In our fatigued condition, however, we hailed the semblance of a human habitation with delight, regarding it as an oasis, and such to our great satis faction it proved to be. The generous host was Trooper Smith, ex-cavelryman and one of the gallant Six Hundred, who .dashed through the ' 'Valley of Death ' in the famous' charge of 'the Light' Brigade as Balaclava. ' ' Having hobbled' t6ut the horses and dined on mutton and damper, a social hour was devoted to the pipe and to ' spinning] yarns,' the followiiig authentic narrative by the trooper being the item of the evening :— 1 Two ' years ago last winter , I was aroused one wild and stormy night by a rapping at my bedroom window, and hastily donning pants and' Blippers, I sallied forth with lantern in hand to as certain who intruded on my slumbers. On opening the door I was confronted by a very strange looking figure in tattered garments, with haggard and emaciated featmej und long tangled hair and beard, from whiuh the water streamed, the un fortunate ? oreature having apparently been exposed to the full force of tha thunderstorm raging at the time. There was an expression of weariness and despair in the blood-shot, fevered eyes of the. wretched outcast cowering beneath my astonished gaze,, that filled me with feelings of inexpressible concern and com miseration. Taken altogether he was the most woeful specimen of humanity one could possibly imagine, and concluding that he must be a poor demented fello ir, ' who had Btrayed from civilisation, and who, aimlessly wandering in the rhallee, had accidently found my place, I requested him to step inside. He' accepted ? the invitation in silence and tottering forward reached a seat, into which ,.-?' ho sank with a feeble groan. Remembering the fact that I had a little brandy kept for emergency, I brought a, drop from ,, the inner room and 'offered it to the stranger, ^ thinking it would revive his drooping spirits. 'Ah, too late, too lata!' he muttered in hollow gasping- tones, ' I am j in a dying condition having swallowed a I dose of strychnine some time before f attracting your attention.' The look of I despair in tho diluted pupils of his blazing [ eyes, confirmed' this statement, and indi- I cated that the poison had already taken | effect. It is impossible to describe the F condition of a man under the influence of f this terrible poison. The face for the | time being is simply the background of a $ panorama . of .horror. . What weiid ff fantastic shadows of the bewildered mind | flit over the pallid features! How phantom & demons, the offspring of crime, crowd the ft1 tortured imagination, as with gnashing %'' teeth and foaming jaws the doomed wretch | pant? and wriggles in the final agony of I dissolution! A remarkable characteristic of I strychnine poisoning ia that the sufferer j undergoes paroxysms of excruciating I pain alternated with brief periods of peace I and lucidity. It was during one of those j lucid intervals, and while the storm raged I witbontjthat my unhappy companion con- I fided to me in tremulous accents the - ] direful deeds that goaded him to self- ( destruction. 'Hearme,' he murmured, ' for I have come to you,. as to a confessor, to do a last act of justice to the name and memory of one whom I irreparably in- I jured in days gone by. His name wai I David Young, , and he was executed in the j ' Oastlemaino gaol in 1864 for the murder { of Mrs Graham at Daylesford. Young I was innocent of the crime. I, Antolne |- Fraire, am the guilty author of the deed. I ?In her maiden days I loved that 'woman; I secretly, but with a consuming passion, I and coveted her beyond all earthly j treasure, even when she became the wife j ' of another. Disappointment drove me to j drinkand degraded my love to lust. En tering Young's tent' vrlien' he was asleep, I took his pipe which lay on a Beat by the bedside and went away. Shortly after wards I effected an entrance to Graham's cottage through the chimney. I waB filled I with alarm when Mrs Graham recognised I me, and uttered my name. In a moment I ^ of panic I snatched up a razor that was at & -^fl hand and gashed her throat from ear to j ^H ear. I then left Young's pipe on the' ] ^H mantelpiece, with the object of fastening I HP the deed on' him, and retired from, the j ' premises.' At this stage the self-confesBed i murderer and suicide was seized with I couvulBions, and, before 1 could intervene I he fell heavily to the floor. For some minutes his frantic struggles were terrible I to witness, until at last with a prodigious I effort, he turned on his back and gave up I the ghost, the storm still raging with I unabated' fury along the resounding shore; Such was the trooper's story. Weary after a long day's ride in tbo I broiling sun I repaired to a hammock, I where, wrapped in a 'possum rng and I lulled to sleep by the sonorous voice of j the ocean, I soon lost consciousness |of I this world of sin and sorrow. I 