[STOW FIRST PUBLISHED. [ ROYSTON I" Nefaj ftfo⪙, BY WILLIAM BLACK, Author of " A Princess of Thnle," " Sabina Zembra," " The New Prince Fortunatus, &c.;, &c.; Rigjita Reserved. *************** * * °* *********** * * * * CHAPTER XTX.-BEYOND SEAS. Oat here 011 the deck of this great White Star Liner-with the yellow waters of the Mersey lapping in the sunlight, and a brisk breeze blowing, and the curious excitement of depar ture thrilling through all the hetero geoeons crowd of passengers-here something of hope came to him at last. This' was better than haunting lonely restaurants, or walking through soli tary streets; he seemed to know that Maisrie was no longer in the land he was leaving . she had fled away across the ocean-gone back to the home, to some one of the various homes, of her childhood and girlhood. And although it appeared a mad thing that a young man should set out to explore so vast a continent in search of his losft love, it was not at all the impos sible task it looked. He had made certain calculations. Newspaper of fices are excellent centres of intelli gence; and Scotch-American news paper offices would still further limit the sphere of his inquiries. He had dreamed of a wide and sorrowful sea lying between him and her; but instead of that imaginary and impass able sea, why, there was only the familiar Atlantic, that nowadays you can cross in less than a week. And when he had found her-and seized her two hands fast, he would reproach her oh, yes he would reproach her-though perhaps there might be more of gladness than of anger in his tones. ... * Ah, false love traitress-coward heart that ran away! What Quixotic self sacrifice was it, then, that impelled you ?-what fear of relatives ?-what fire of wounded pride? -No matter now: you are caught and held. You gave yourself to me : you cannot take yourself away again; nor shall any other. No more sudden disappearance -no more trembling notes of farewell -while I have,you by the hand!' The last cheers had been shouted by the people crowded on the deck of the now distant tender, the great ship was cautiously creeping down the stream, and the passengers, having done with the waving of handker chiefs (and here and there a furtive drying of eyes) set about preparing for the voyage-securing their places at table, investigating their cabins, and getting their things unpacked. These occupations kept most of them in their state-rooms until close on din tier time, so that they had not much chance of examining each other; but it is wonderful how rumours run in a ship-especially if the Purser be a cheerful and communicative sort of person; and so it was that when all were assemble in the long and gor geous saloon, two things had already become known: first, that the tall and handsome young RngliRhmaiij who seemed to have no companion or ac quaintance on board, was the newly elected member for Mendover; and second, that the extremely pretty woman who had the seat of honor at the Captain's table was a Mrs de Lara, a JSoutli American, as might have been guessed from her com plexion, her eyes, and hair, it ap peared to be a foregone conclusion that Mrs de Lara was to be the telle of the ship on this voyage; such things are very soon settled ; perhaps one or two of the commercial gentle men may have crossed with her be fore, and seen her exercise her sway. As for Vin Harris, his unopposed re turn for such an insignificant place as Mendover would not have secured much notice throughout the country 1 had it not been that, immediately after j the election, the great Grand ison had ( been kind enough to write to the new member a charming1 note of congratu lation, which, of course, had to be published. It was a significant pat on the back, of which any young man might very well have been proud; and Mrs Ellison bought innumerable copies of that morning's newspapers, and cut the letter out, and sent it round to her friends, lest they should not have seen it. Mr Ogden was also so condescending as to send a similar message-but that was not published, Now during the first evening on board ship, strangers mostly remain strangers to each other; but next morning things become different especially if the vveather be fine, and everyone is on deck. Small cour tesies are tendered and accepted; people get introduced, or introduce 1 each other, on the smallest pretence -except the old stagers, the wary ones, who hang aloof, in order to pick and choose. As for Vincent, he was well content with his own society, varied by an occasional chat with the Parser, when that ubiquitous official could spare a few moments. He was not anxious to make acquaintances. His thoughts were far ahead. He saw -not the thin, blue line of the Irish coast that actually was visible on the horizon-bat the shallow waters at Sandy Hook, the broad bay, the long dusky belt of the city, with its in numerable spites jutting up into the white sky. He was wondering how long ago it was since Maisrie and her grandfather had crossed the New foundland Banks : it was a long start, but he would overtake them yet. Perhaps, when he was down in the big and busy town, making his in quiries from one newspaper-office to another he might suddenly find him self face to face with the splendid old man, and the beautiful, pensive-eyed girl * Ah, Maisrie, you thought you would escape ?-but I have you now-never to let you go again! And if you would rather not return to England-if your pride has been wounded-if you are indignant at what has been said or suspected of you and your grandfather-well then I will remain with you here! My love is more to me than my home: we will fight the world together-the three of as together: remaining here, if that pleases ycu better-ouly, no further thought of separation between you and me!' On ihis brisk and bracing morning he was leaning idly with his elbows on the rail, and looking towards the distant line of the Irish coast that was slowly becoming more definite in from, when Mr. Purser Collins came up to him. ' There's a very charming lady would like to make your acquaintance,' said the officer. ' Will yon come with me, and I will introduce you ?' * Oh, very well,* Vincent raid, but with no great eagerness. 'Tell me her name now that I may make sure of it.' 1 You are favoured Mrs. de Lara.' 4 Oh, really,' he said, indifferently. ' She seems to me to have had half the men on the ship fetching and carrying for her all the morning.' And indeed, when he followed the Purser in .order to be introduced to this lady, he found her pretty well surrounded by assiduous gentlemen; and 'if you please-if you please,' Mr. Collins had to keep repeating, before he could bring the new comer into the august presence. Mrs. de Lara-who, on closer inspection, turned out to be quite a young woman, I with a pale, clear, oiive complexion, softly-lustrous black eyes that could say a deal, a pretty smile and dimple, and magnificent hair-received him very ffraciouslj; and at once, and com pletely, and without the slightest compunction, proceeded to ignore the bystanders who had been so officiously kind to her. Of course their conver sation was at first the usual nothings. Wonderful weather. Miaht be mid summer, bat for the cold wind. Cap tain been on the bridge ever since Liverpool, poor man - get some rest after leaving Queens town. Was she a good sailor ?-Some ladies remained in their berths all th* way over. Dry champagne, and plenty of it, the only safe-guard ? Crossed many times ? And so forth. But at length she said "Couldn't you. find a chair, and bring it along ?' Mow the assiduous gentlemen had managed to find a very snug corner for Mrs de Lara, where there was just room for two deck chairs-her own and that of her companion and friend, Miss Martinez ; and Vincent, being rather shv, had no intention of jamming himsfilf into this nook. He some little excuse-and re mained standing with the others - whereupon Mrs de Lara said to her companion ' Isabel, will you go and see that the letters I left in my cabin are all properly stamped and put in the post bag for Queens town. Thank you, dear!' Then, the moment that her faithful friend was gone, she said,, with some thing of a French manner 4 Here is a seat for you: come, tell me what the news of the ship is !' Vincent could not very well refuse; though the result of her open pre ference and selection was that her other obsequious admirers fell away one by one, under some pretence of playing rope-quoits or shovel-board: so that, eventually he and she were left alone together, for Miss Martinez did not return. 4 Now,' said the young grass-widow, whose very pretty chin was cushioned on abundant furs, * I am going to make you happy. But first of all I must tell you-you are in love.' * Oh, really ?' said Vincent. ' Ah, yes, yes, yes,' said she, with a charming insistence. ' I have watched you. I know. Ton keep apart; you look far away ; you speak to no one. And then I said to myself t hat I would make you happy. How ? By asking you to tell me all about her.' Whereupon Vincent said to himself, 4 You're a very impertinent woman although you've got .pretty eyes.' And again he said, ' But after all you are a «roman; and perhaps from you I may learn something more about Maisrie.' So he said aloud * The deck of a steamer is hardly the place for secrets.' . 4 Why not?' she protested. * Besides, it is no secret-to anyone with eyes. Come, tell me all about her-and be happy! I wish to interest you; 1 j wish you to interest me; and so let us talk about the only thing that is worth talking about-that Is, love. No, there are two things, perhaps love, and money; but love is so full of surprises; it is the perpetual miracle that, no one can understand; it is such a wonderful, unexpected, desperate kind of thing, that it will always be the most interesting. Now!' j . Well,' said he-for there was I something catching in the* mad audacity of this young matron-' it must be secret for secret. My story for yours!' She laughed long and heartily until her merriment brought tears to her eyes. ' Why, I'm an old married woman!' she exclaimed. £ Ah, I see what your bargain means. You only wa-nt to put, me off. You think the time and plaee^are not romantic enough: some night-out in mid-Atlantic^--with perhaps a moon-and you'll be more communicative, when you forsake the smoking-room for half-an- hour, and send a little message down to the saloon. Very well. Perhaps there are too many people tramping up and down Shall we have a tramp too ? Sitting still so stiffens one. There -can you pull off the rugs, do you think ?-They've swathed me up like a mummy. Now give me your arm; and mind you don't let me go flying I'm never steady on my feet for the first day or two.' Weil, he found the grass-widow a most charming companion-bright, loquacious, and happy, until, indeed, they steamed into the entrance to Cork Harbour. Here, as most of the passengers were going Jon board the tender, for a scamper ashore, while the ship waited for the mails to arrive, Mrs de Lara began to look a little wistful. All of a sudden it occurred to him that he ought, if only in. common |gratitude for the marked condescension, to ask her if she would cave to go also. * Oh-Mi*s de Lara,' said he, * wouldn't you like to go ashore, and have a look round Queenstown?' Her face lighted up in an instant j but there was a curious, amused ex pression in her eyes. 4 Why not ?' said he. * If you life*, to ask Miss Martinez as well as myself,' she continued, * I'm. sure we would de delighted-and it would be very kind of you.' ' Of course I will!' he said-and at once he went off in search of the needful companion- A few minutes thereafter the three of them were on board the tender, along with the rest of this crowd of eager, chattering passengers. And a very pleasant visit it was they paid to the picturesque watering-place and its wide-stretching bay. First of all he took his two guests to a hotel, i and gave them an excellent lunch, at ! which Mrs de Lara made merry like | an enfranchised schoolgirl; then he I got an open carriage, and they were driven all about the place ; and he } bought them such fruit and flowers as he could find, until they were quite ! laden by the time they got back to I the tender. They were in plenty of time; the mails were late. When I they eventually returned on board the j steamer, Viocent was on ttie whole very well pleased with that little excursion ; only he hoped that the new acquaintance that had been formed had not been too conspiciously dis played, for people are given to talking during the lotvgueitrs of an Atlantic voyage. j And indeed it very soon appeared that after this little adventure ashore Mrs. De Lara meant to claim him as her own. When she came on deck for her usual promenade before dinner she sent for him (though there were plenty of gentlemen only too anxious to wait on her ) and she took his arm during that perfunctory march up and down. Then she said to him ' Would you think me very rude if I asked you to come and sit at our table. The fact is, I want .somebody to be good to me and to look after me; and the Captain, although he is a most delightful man when he happens to be there, is nearly always away, on duty, no doubt. I hate sitting next to an empty cWair- that throws me on to Miss Martinez, and she and I have exhausted all onr subjects long ago. You've no particular friend have you ? Come to our table V But I couldn't think of turning anybody out!' he protested. Oh, that's all right!' she made answer, cheerfully enough. Miss Martinez will get a place somewhere else-Mr. Collins will arrange that I dare say she will be rather pleased to be set free.' And so it came to pass that at dinner Vincent found himself in the seat that had been vacated by the useful Isabel; and perhaps his pro motion provoked a few underhand comments and significant glances at certain of the other tables, for very small trifles are noted on board ship. At all events he only knew that Mrs. de Lara was as engaging, and com plaisant, and loquacious as ever; and that she talked away with |sery little regard as to who might overhear her. Ifor was she any longer the merry, rattle-pated creature of the Queens town hotel. Oh, no. Her conversa tion now was of a quite superior order. It was literary; and she had up plenty of the plumes of the rococo school; she could talk as well as another of environments conditions, the provincial note, style jpharged with colour, and. the like. Say, s^e adven tured upon an epigram now and again-or, at least, something that sounded like an epigjffim. 1 England.' she said,4 was a show- France a stage; Germany a camp4Wand the United States-a caucus.' And agam sfae said, * There are three human beings whom. 1 wish -to meet with before I die: a pretty Frenchwoman, a modest Ameri can, and an honest Greek. But I am losing hope.' And then there was a tirade against affectation in W iting. * Why shonld the man thrust himself upon me ?' she demanded. * I don't want to know him at alL I want him to report honestly and simply what be has seen of the world and of human nature and I am willing to be talked, to, and 1 am willing to Relieve; but when he begins to postnre and play tricks, then I become resentfnL "WTay should he intrude his own per sonality at all ?-he was never intro duced to me ; I have no wish for his acquaintance. So long as he expresses an honest opinion, good and well; I am willing to listen; bnt when he begins ,tor interpose his clever little tricks and grimaces, then I say, * Get away, mountebank-and get a red-hot poker ready for pantaloon.*' And in this way. she went on, whimsical, petu lant, didactic b? turns, to the stolid j astoni hment of a plethoric and red faced old lady opposite, who contri buted nothing to the conversation but an indigestion cough,. and sate and stared, and doubtless had formed the opinion that any one who could talk in that fashion before a lot of strangers was no better than she should be. Bnt it was not of literature that Mrs. de Lara discoursed when Vincent returned that evening to the saloon, after having been in the smoking room, for about an hour, watching the commercials playing poker and getting lip sweepstakes on the next day's run. \V ben she caught sight of him, she immediately rose and left the group of newly-formed acquaintances with whom she had' been sitting-in th nei gbourhood of the piano-and de'ibe»:ateJy came along and met him half-way. ' Let us remain here,' said she,' and then if we talkwe shan't interfere with the mjisic.V She -lay back in her chair as if waiting; for him to begin: he was thinking how well her costume became hfer-her dress of black silk touched be«e and there with yellow satin-the sharp scarlet stroke of her fan-the crescent of diamonds in her jet-black hair. Then, the softened lamplight teemed.to lend depth and lustre to her dark eyes; and gave something of warmth, too, to the 'pale and clear Complexion. She had Crossed her feet; her fan lay idle in her lap.; she re gar ded.him from under those long, out-curving laslies. ' They cannot hear yoa," she said perhaps thinking that he was silent out of politeness to the inn jcent young damsels who were doing their best at the piano-'andyoii cannot hear them, which 3is also fortunate. Music is either diyine-ror intolerable; what they are doing is not divine; I have been listening. Bnt good music-ah, well, it is not to be spoken of. Only this: isn't it strange (hat the two things that can preserve longest for you associations with some one yon have been foad of ace music and. scents ? Sot painting-not any por trait not p etry-uot anything > ou. have read : bufc rmif^c and scent. You will discover that some day.' - - He lan^hieiL';: i How coanously yoa talk! I dare say I Aili older thau you-though that Is . * But j have, seen the wot Id,' said she, with^a suiile, almost ot sadness. . * Not balf what I have seen of it, Fll ~ ..C* - 4 On,, but >:yp»#'; the continued, re gard ingv-him; ivith; mucU favour and kindliness, 4 yon are an iiigenu-ytm would $e|i$j|p'a gftt^-deal^in any one yon cared ifor, J mean.' * I sappose l shonld,' he said, simply enough. * 4 i ;Thope Vo. That* isii t ® --Hill t IW ? .'.... to keepton believingtoo.' ^ ^ say,- she-Jresnteed ? * the two things tha.$ presetv^ aesoc .itions the jqtl sud^epiyrrraKe: music and scent. Yon inay have forgotten in every other J&g; fdrg^tti% is "*i i_ » ?h ? and all;; weJ4,when J perhaps do notcare'to remember, all j that happened at that too blissful J period of life-then, on some occasion J or another there chances to come m fragment of a song, or a whiff of scent, 1 and behold! all that bygone timp jg 1 before you again, and yon tremble, yon are bewildered! Oh, I assure j yon,' she went on, with a very charm J smile, * it is not at all a pleasant j experience. You think yon had buried j all that past time, aud hidden away I ^ke ghosts; you are beginning to feel J pretty comfortable and content with all existing circumstances, and then j & few notes of a violin--a passing touch of perfume-and your heart jumps up as if it had been shot through with a rifle-balL What is your favourite scent ?" she a&ked;, J somewhat abruptly. J * Randal-wood,* said he (for surely that was revealing no secret F) j 4 Then she wore a string of sandal I wood beads,' said Mrs. de Lara, with I a quick look. I He was silent. I * And perhaps she gave them to you J as a keepsake ?' was the next ques I tion. 1 Here, indeed, he was startled; and J she noticed it« and laughed a little, j * No, I am not a witeh,' she said. J' All that has happened before now: I do you think you are the first ? Why j I'm sure, now, you've worn those beads next to your heart, in tbe day I time, and made yourself very uncom 1 fortable ; yes, and you've tried wear I ing them at night, and couldn't sleep because they hurt you. Never mind, II will tell you what to do: get it J made into a watch chain, with small j gold links connecting the beads; aud 1 when you wear it with evening dress, I every woman will recognise it as a J love-gift-everyone of them will say I * A girl gave him that.' j ' Perhaps I might not wish to make j a display of it,' said Vincent.' j ^ * Then you're in the first stage of I inconstancy,' said she promptly. * If you're not madly anxious that the I whole world should know you have won her favor, then you've taken the j first step on the downward road to in I difference ; you have become a little I bit conscious, and secretive: you are j regarding certain things as bygone, j and your ey*-s are beginning to rove j elsewhere Well, why not ? It's the 1 way of the world. It's human nature. J You hear talk of loving one and one (only, once and forever; that is all j very well for people who have never , 1 been in love at all: who have no J imagination, no passion, no wild df sire I to escape for a time from the j commonplaces of life; who are quite {content with the stolid satisfaction j and home comfort they experience J in the constant society of a particular j person-which may very well last for a lifetime, no doubt. Oh, don't mis Itake me: tte sentiment of 'John | Anderson, my Jo' is adaiir&ble-when; 1 you've reached sixty : then you can go hand-in-hand down the hill together ; and the more money you've got, you'll 1 find it all the easier.' ' Really, said he * T did not expect I 'o learn so u» uch worldly wisdom |from>-but no, I in us n't be rude. J For it is very kind of you to teach me. ] You5 don't appear to have suffered 1 much yourself, in health or spirits j. ' That's all yon know,' she said, in iterrnpting. j 4 However, £ may tell you my story I some other time. Not just now. At J present I want to hear s >me more I about the young lady of the sandal I wood necklace.' j*!: have told you more than I j intended ' he answered her. J- i Ypu haven't told me anything: I I guessed for myself .' I ' *"Well, now 1 am going to ask your I advice,' said he --for how* could he | tell but that this bright, alert7 intre I <pid person, with a varied experience" jof the world, might be able to help j him ?? She was far different from rMaferie, t(i hsfe sure; different as night j from day; but etill 6he was a woman; < J and she might perhaps be able to in | terpre^anature wholly alien to her i So^ she sate mute and attentive, and j watching every expression of his face, rwhilfejie: put before hera set t»f Jimagii^-y circumstances. 1 It Tiras I of £!» aa might enable ner to give, him counsel. And he had hardly finished when she spid " Yon don't know where to find her and yet you have never thonght of a means of bringing- her to yon at once?' 'What means ?' said he. ] 4 Why, it is so simple Y she ex- I claimed {Have you no invention? But I will tell you, then. As soon as you land in New York, get yourself knocked over by a tram-car. The ac cident to the rich young Englishman who has just arrived in America will be in all the papers, and will lose nothing in the telling. Your father's name is known; you have recently been elected a member of Parliament; they will make the most of the story -and of course you needn't say your life is not in danger. Then on the wings of love the fair one comes fly ing ; flops down by the side of your bed, in tears; perhaps she would even consent to a marriage-if you were looking dreadfully pale; then you could get well again in double quick time-and live happy ever after. She was still watching Mm from under her lonsr, indolent lashes; and of a sudden she changed her tone. * Are you vexed ?' You find me not sympathetic ? Perhaps I am not. Perhaps I am a little in credulous. You have told me very little; bnt I surmise ; and when a young l*dy remains away from her lover, and does not wish it to be known where she is. then I confess I grow suspicious. Instead of "Seek the woman,' it is4 Find the man.'-oh, I mean in most cases-not in all you must not misunderstand me!' In this case you are mistaken then,1 said Vincent briefly. * Ah. Possibly. There was not any one then,' she continued, fixing her darkly lustrous eyes on him again, 4 whom you hated with a deadly hatr-d-who seemed to you too friendly and intimate-who was too often by her side ? and perhaps there hadn't been a little quarrel between yon and her in consequence ?' Then it flashed through his memory that' Sherry's' departure for Monte Carlo had been strangely sudden ; but the next moment he could have laughed. Yes, he had been madly and absurdly jealous; and there might have teen a quarrel between Maisrie and himself had it not been for her frank and straightforward appeal; bat beyond that, Mrs. De Lara's gues-es at the situation were far wide of the mark. Poor Sherry might be losing or winning napoleons at Monte Carlo; he wished him no harm--he rather hoped he would win; but the idea that there could be any connection between that young. man's leaving England and the snbse-1 quent disappearance of Maisrie an J | her grandfather was too preposterous to be entertained for a moment. On the whole the gay young grass widow found that she could not get very far into Vincent's confidence in this matter, and when she indulged in a little pleasantry, he grew reserved and showed a disposition to with draw j whereupon she thought it better to give up the subject alto gether. But she did not give him up; on the contrary, she took possession of him more completely than e*er; and made no secret of the favor sh bestowed on him. For example, there was an amateur photographer on board; and one morning (every body knew everoody els- by this time) he came up to Mrs. de Lara, who was seated in her deck-chair, ; with;a little baud of devoted slaves and admirers surrounding her. * Mrs. De Lara,' said he, 'I've tak-n j nearly everybody on Hoard except you. j Aren't you going to give me a chance.'! ' Oh, yes, said fehe. 'Yes certainly, j Then she looked round, and added, in 1 the most natural way in the world - * But where is Mr. Harris ?' * He'« in the saloon writing letters 1 saw him there a minute ago,' said one of the bystanders. 'Won't.somebody go and fetch ; him F; she continued. ' We ought to be all in-4f Mr Searle can manage it.' . V ? ?? Accordingly Vincent was sum moned from below, and forthwith made his appearance. 'J&otn;: eome and sit by me Mr. Harris,' said the young matron, 4 it .one sitting fiitsandiog.' Oil, no-th's will do, said Vincent seating himself on a signal-cannon that was close to the rail, while he steadied himself by patting a hand on the shrouds. * Not at all,' she protested, with a certain imperious wilfulness. * You're too far over; you'll be out of the picture altogether. There is Isabel's chair over there: fetch that.' And, of course, he had to do as he was bid ; though it was rather a con spicuous position to assume. Then when that negative was taken, she would h«ve the grouping altered: Vincent had to stand by her side, with his ai/m on her chair; anain he h«d to seat himself on the deck at her feet; whatever suggestions were made by the artist, she managed somehow that she and Vincent should be together. And when, next day, the bronze brown proofs, were handed about, they were very much admired-except, except perhaps, by the lady passen gers, who could not understand why Mrs. De Lara should pose as the only woman on board the steamer. But it was not Mrs. de Lara who was in his 'houghts when, early one morning he found himself on the j npper deck, just under the bridge, I with his eyes fixed on a far strip of j land that lay along the western horizon. Not a thin sharp line of blue ! but a low-lying bulky mass of neutral unt; and there were faint yellow mists hanging about it, and also cover ing the smooth, long undulating sur face of the sea. However, the sunrise was now declared ; this almost impalpable fog would soon be dis persed ; and the great continent behind that outlying island would gradually awaken to the splendour of the new day. And in what part of its vast extent was Maisrie now awaiting him ?-no, not awaiting him, but per haps thinking of him, and little dreaming he was so near f The wilfui truant!-who had given him so much trouble. There would be some need for scolding-for sharp scold ing-when he should find her* there must be some guarantee that she should not play such pranks again. He would tell her what the worldly wise would think of her conduct; to wliat suspicions she had laid herself open. And then when he had rated her soundly, and made her very miserable, and ashamed of herself, and repentant-then he would take her two hands in his and say: * Maisrie, do you know that I am in Parliament now ?-and that as soon as we are married, you must make up your mind to go frequently down to Meiidover, to become acquainted with the people, especially the women, and make friends with them all. That, and going to political receptions, and coming down to the Ladies' Gallery now and again, and similar things, will keep you busy enough : there will be no time for running across the Atlantic any more * They cautiously steamed over the waters at Sandy Hook; they sailed up the wide bay; momentarily the long flat line of New York, with its towering buildings and steeples jut ting- up here and there, was drawing nearer. Mrs. De Lara, rather wist fully asked him whether she was ever likely to see him again; lie answered that he did not know how soon lie might have to leave New Yov£; but, if she would be so kind as to give him her address, he would try to call before he went. She handed him her card; said some thing about the pleasant voyage' they had had ; and then went away to, see that Isabel had not neglected any thing in her packing. They slowed into the wharf; the luggage was got ashore and examined \--in this universal scrimmage he lost , sight of Mrs. De Lara and her faith ful companion ; and by and by hel^ras being jolted and pitched and flung about in the coach that was carrying him to the hotel he had chosen. With an eager curiosity he kept watching the passers-by on the side walk, searching for a face that Was nowhiere to be seen. "He fed hem'd and known of many, strange coinci dences : it would onlybe another one -if a glad and wonderful one-were he to find Maisiie on the T^ery" first day of his arrival in America. t As soon as he had got established in his hotel, and seen that his luggage had been brought up, he went out again and made away for the neigh bourhood of Printing House Square. It needs hardly be said that the Western Scotchman was not in possession of a vast white marble building, with hug,- golden letters shiningdin J he afternoon sun; all the same be h«d little difficulty in finding the- small and unpretentious office; and" Ef* first inquiry was for Mr Anstruther. Mr Anstruther had been .there in the morning; but had gone away home, not feeling very well. "W here did he live ?-over in Brooklyn. But he would be at the office the next day? Oh, >es; almost certainly: it was nothing but rather a bad cold; and as they went to press on the following evening, he would be pretty sure to be at the office in the morning. Then Vincent hesitated. This clerk seemed a civil-spoken kind of young fellow. * Do you happen to know if-if a Mr Bethune has called at this office of late!' 'Bethune? -not that I am aware of,' was the answer. * He is a friend of Mr Aastruther's,' Vincent went on, led by a vague hope, ' an old gentleman with white hair and beared- a handsome old man. There would be a young lady with him most likely.' c .No, sir; I have not seen any one of that description,' said the clerk. * But he might have called on Mr Anstruther at his home.' ' Oh, yes, certainly-very likely,' said Vincent. ' Thank you. I w»ll come along to-morrow morning, and hope to find Mr Anstruther quite well again So he left and went out in the gathering dusk of the afternoon; and as he had nothing to do now he walked all the way back to his hotel, looking . at the various changes that had taken place since last he had been in the busy city. And then when he reached the sumptuous and heavily-decorated appartment that served him at once as sitting- room and bed-room, he set to work to put his things in order, for tbev had been rather hurriedly jammed into his portmanteau on board ship. He was thus engaged when there j came a knock on the door. ' Entiez!' he called out, inadvertenly (with some dim feeling that he was in a foreign town.) The stranger needed no second in vitation. He presented himself. He was a small man, with a sallow and bloodless face, a black beard closely trimmed, a moustache allowed to grow its natural length, and dark, opaque impassive eyes. He was rather showily dressed, and wore a pince nez. For a second he paused at the door to take out his card case; then with out uttering a word, he stepped for ward and placed his card on the table. Vincent was rather surprised at this form of introduction; but of course he toook up the. card. He read thereon ' Mr. Joseph de Lara ' Oh really,' said he, but what passed through his mind was4 is that confounded woman eoing^to persecute me on shore as well ~a«*Mi sea ? < How do you do ? Very glad to make your j acquaintance.' * Oh indeed, you are ?' the other | said with a peculiar accent, the like of which he had never heard before. * Perhaps not when you know why I am here. Ah do not pretend-do not pretend.' Vincent stared at him, as if this was some escaped lunatic with whom he j had to deal. \- Sir. I am here to call you to j account,' said the little foreigner in j his thick voice. ' It has been the scandal of the whole ship-the talk of j all the voyage over-and it is an in- | salt to me-to me-that my wife j should be spoken of. Yes you must mfllrR -Compensation-I demand com pensation-and how ? By the only way that is known to an Englishman. An Englishman feels only in his pocket : if he does wrong he must pay ; I demand from you a sum that I expend in charity Vincgntj Who saw what all this meant m a moment, burst out laughing-a little scornfully. ? You've come to the wrong shop, my good friend!, said he. 4 What do you mean ? What do you mean ?' thejlittle dark man ex claimed witbppNlffectation of rising wrath. ' Liok at this- I t~ll yon, look at this*!' He drew from his poek^fc one of the pho ographs which had been tak^n on board the steamei and smacked it with the back of his hand. 1 Do yon see that-the scandal of the whole voyage ! My wife compromised-the whole ship talking-yon think yon are to get off for nothing ? No! No! yon do not. The only punishment that can reach you is the punishment of the pocket you must p*y.' * Oh, don't make a fool of yourself! said Vincent, with aogry contempt. ' I've met members of your profession before. Bnt this is too thin.9 ' Oh-too thin P Yon shall find out!' the other said, vindictively-and yet the black and beady eyes behind the pince-nez were impassive and watch ful. * There, on the other side, of my card, is my address. Yon can think over it. Perhaps I shall see you to morrow. If I do not-if you do not come there to give the compensation I demand, 1 will make this country too hot to hold |you- yes, very much too hot, as yon shall discover. I will make yon sorry-I will make you sorry-yon shall see ' He went on vapouring in this fashion for some little time longer, affecting all the while to become more and more indignant; but at length Vincent, growing tired, walked to (he door and opened it. 4 This is the way out,' he said curtly. Mr de Lara took the hint with a dignified equanimity. 4 You have my address,' he said, as he passed into the corridor; I do not wish to do anything disagreeable unless I am compelled. You will think over it; and I shall see yon to morrow, I hope. I wish to be friendly -it will be for your own interest, too. Gk>od night!' Vincent shut the door and went and sate down, the better to consider. Not that he was in the least per turbed by this man's ridiculous threats; what puzzled him-and frightened him almost-was the possible connec tion of the charming and fascinating Mrs de Lara with this barefaced attempt at blackmaiL But no; he could not, he would not, believe it. He recalled her pretty ways, her frankness, her engaging manner, her good humour, her clever, wayward talk, her kindness towards himself; and he could not bring himself to think that ail the time she had been planning a paltry and despicable con spiracy to extort money, or even that she would lend herself to such a ssheme at the instigation of her scape grace husband. However, his specu lations on these points were now interrupted by the arrival of the dinner-hour; and be went below to the table d'hote. During dinner he thought that a little later on in the evening he would j go along to Lexington Avenue, and call on a lawyer whose acquaintance j he had ma^e on a former visit to . New York. He might by chance be j at home disengaged ; and an apology could be made for disturbing him at such an unusual hour. And this ac- | cordingly, Vincent did; found that Mr. Griswold was in the house ; was shown into the study; and presently the lawyer-a tall, thin man, with a cadaverous and deeply-lined face and cold grey eyes-came in and received his unexpected visitor politely enough. 4 De Lara ?' said he, when Vincent had told his story. * Well, yes, I know something of De Lara. And a very disagreeble fellow he is to have any dealings with.' * But I don't want to have any dealings with him/ Vincent protested, 1 and I dont see how there should be any necessity. The whole thing is a preposterous attempt at extortion. If lie only were to put down on paper what he said to me this evening, I would show him something-or at least I should do so if he and I were in England.' ' He is not so foolish,' the lawyer said. * Well, what do you propose to do ?-eompromise for the sake of peace and quietness ?' * Certainly not,' was the instant reply. 'He's a mischievous devil/ said Mr. Griswold, doubtfully. * And of course you don't want to have things said about you in newspapers, how ever obscure. Might get sent over to England. Yes, he's a mischievous devil-an unscrupulous devil when he tores ugly. What do you say now P -for the sake of peace and quietness -a little mat* er of a couple of hundred dollars-and nobody need know any thing about it-' * Give a couple of hundred dollars to that infernal serotmdrel ?-I will see him d d first!' said Vincent, i with a decision that was unmistake able. ' There's no reason why yon should give him a cent-not the slightest/ the lawyer went on. 4 Bnt some people do, to save trouble. However, yon will not be remaining long in this city; I see it announced that yon are going on a tour through the United States and Canada.' 'The fact is, Mr Griswold,' said Vincent, ' I came along-at tli s unholy hour, for which I hope you will, forgive me-not to ask you what I should do about that fellow's threats -I don't value them a pin's-point but merely to see if yon knew any thing about those two ' 4 The De Lara's ?' 'Yesj what does he do, to begin with ? What's his occupation-his business ?* * Nominally,' said Mr Groswold, * he belongs to my own profession ; but I fancy he is more mixed up with some low-class newspapers. I have heard, indeed, that one of his sources of income is levying blackmail on actresses. The poor girls lose nerve, you understand; they won't fight; they would rather * see' him, as the phrase is, than incur his enmity.' * Well, then, what I want to know still more particularly,' the young man prjceeded, 'is this: is Mrs de Lara supposed to take part in these pretty little plans for obtaining money ?' The lawyer smiled. ! * You ought to know her better than ' I do : in fact, 1 don't know her at all.' Vincent was silent for a second. * No ; I should uot ha,ire imagined it of her. It seeems incredible. B,pfc if you dont know her personal!^, perhaps you know what is thought of her ? What is her general repu tation ?' ' Her reputation ? I can hardly auswer that question. £ should say,' Mr Griswould went on, in his slow and deliberate manter,' that there is a kind of-a kind of impression-that so long as the money was forthcoming, Mrs de Lara would not be too anxious to enquire where it came from.' ' She was at the Captain's table!' Vincent exclaimed. "Ship captains don't know much about what is going on on shore,' was the reply. 'Besides, if Mrs. de Lara wanted to sit at the Captain's table, it's at the Captain's table you would find her, and that without much delay! But why are you so anxious to find out about Mrs. de Lara's peculiarities -apart from her being a very pretty woman ?' ' Oh,' said Vincent, as he rose to apologise once more for this intrusion, and to say good-night, 4 one is always meeting with new experiences. Ail other lesson in the ways of the world, I suppose.' But all the same, as he walked along these thoroughfares to bis hotel, he kept saying to himself that he would rather not believe that Mrs. de Lara had betrayed him and was an accomplice in this shameful attempt to make money out of him. Nay, he said to himself that he would refuse to believe until he was forced to be lieve: though he did not go a step further, and proceed to ask himself the why and wherefore of this curious reluctauce. [to BE CONTINUED,] 