The Black Lady. The Courts of Germany and Austria boast of a host of legendary lady spectres, who, when woe is to befall the princely house in question, make their appearance at the hour of midnight, before some sentinel or officer on duty, theit appearance striking terror and dismay among the inmates of the palace, and perhaps hastening the death of the princely sufferer. We have, in the first instance, the " White Lady" of the old palace at Berlin, who is said to have made her laßt appearance on the eve of the late Emperor Frederick's death ; and her namesake of the Vienna Hof- burg, who, believers'aver, haunted the palace during several nights nt the very time when the " Missing Archduke" may have perished. But a number of minor German Schlösse not to mention the palaces at Prague and Budapest-also boast a traditional lady spectre, either black or white, and in one or two instances red ; as, for instance, the " Nymphenburg-Prau" at the palace of Munich, the discarded mistress of Karl Theodore, Elector of Bavaria, and murderess of her own child ; and the so-called " Black Lady" of the Court of Darmstadt. Unlike the haplesB " Nymphenburg-Prau" -so runs the legend-who was a commoner, the " Black Lady of Darmstadt" was a law- fully born princess, and, moreover the wedded consort of a reigning prince, being Princess Marianne, the wife of the Grand Duke Ferdinand Maria. She always, we are told, appears in deep mourning, and is reputed to bespeak wee to the Grand Ducal House of Hesse in particular, but also to the allied Boyal one of Bavaria. In olden times the reputed appearance of the " Black Lady" would cause a perfect panic in the old Darmstadt Sohloss, the sentinels even fleeing from their posts. A young and daring officer of the Grenadiers once prayed the Grand Duke Ludwig I. to be permitted to stand sentry at the Court chapel. " If it be no true ghost," he remarked, " I will cure the individual of the desire to haunt." The prayer was granted, with the request that, if the spectre refused to Btand when challenged, the officer was to fire upon it. The Grand Duke himself and some courtiers in due course repaired to the vestry of the chapel, whence a view could be obtained of the courtyard, and the path which the ghostly object was said to take. The weird hour of midnight approached. Presently the chapel bell struck the hour, and hardly had the last chime died away before a loud " Halt !" rang out upon the still night, followed instantly by the report of a gan. The Grand Duke and his attendants hurried from their hiding place into the courtyard, where they beheld the bold soldier stiff and dead. He had not a single outward sign of injury ; but the barrel of the gun by*his side was rent from the stock, and the former twisted like a cork-screw. Singular to relate, within three days Ludwig I. himself lay a corpse in the Ducal Hall. About the year 1850 Queen Thérèse of Bavaria died most suddenly, and even in the highest circles mention was shudderingly made of the spectre that had made its appear- ance juBt before her death. King Ludwig, her consort, was spending the summer in the company of Queen Thérèse at his castle of Archaffenberg, whither also their Majesties' son in-law, Grand Duke Ludwig III., of Hesse- Darmstadt, had been invited, when one evening at dusk, jast as the princely company were taking tea in the gayest of spirits, there suddenly appeared-so those present aver behind the chair of the Queen a lady in deep mourning, who, having fixed her glassy eyes upon her Majesty, retired through the ante- chamber. The Grand Duke immediately hastened after the mysterious visitor, and in an angry voice demanded of the officer on duty by the door how he dared to per- mit strangers to enter unannounced and at that hour. The latter declared on oath that no living human being had entered either the ante-chamber or the royal saloon. Horror struck, the Duke returned to the company, when he was compelled, much against his wish, to relate the story. Having heard it, Queen Thérèse rose hastily from the chair and exclaimed, " That is intended for me ?" The royal party returned shortly after to the capital, where the cholera had raged during the summer, but had then disappeared. Ia a few days the unhappy Queen fell a victim to the terrible scourge. Again, in the early days of March, 1864, the "Black Lady" figured in a mysterious occurrence at the Palace of DarmBtadt, which, through subsequent evsnts, created an im- mense sensation in Germany. The Life Guards officer' on duty had, at the hour of midnight, commenced his nightly round of in- spection of the sentries, when suddenly, in odo of the corridors, he beheld a lady dressed in black coming from the apartments occu- pied by Countess Pager, a lady of the Court. He saw her distinctly go past the grand staircase at night at the only exit to the chapel courtyard. Believing that she was making a mistake, the officer called to her that she could only get out that way to reach her carriage. Bat without paying the slightest heed the lady continued. her way towards the chapel »taira. Quickly the officer hastened after her, but she disappeared in the gloom Then, in the belief that it might he some one wit h felonious iutent, he shuuted to the sentry on guard at the bottom of the stairs, "Arrest her!"-himself de -c» riding quickly. Bat there was nobody, and '.be man emphatically declared that no one bad passed him. Two days later the n-wa spread like wildfire throughout Ger- many that King Maximilian II., of Bavaria, bid suddenly been taken daneeroUBly ill.' He had returned in excellent health from his usual ride, and was just dressing for dinner, >t hen he was seized with cramp. And in a few hours he wa* dead. 