CIAPITEl LXIII.-CotrrxlArfA AmmeTrrS. The sojourn abroad, of Mr. and Mrs. Jubal RTmmon was considerably protracted: and it was not until the firstweek in August that a Channel steamer, not too seaworthy, was nearing Newhaven, with a precious cargo in deed. The journey had been made by night, and the sea looked as blue as the sky overhead, and. the white, cliffs quite dazzling in the mornin sunlight. Laurn, with a peevish, dicon. tented look upon her face, for which. perhaps, we ought to have some commiseration, since she had been suffering from sea.sickness," was re regarding the pretty view from the deck.of the steamer. Jubal, a thought thinner than when we last saw-him, appeared to be making no effort at all to brighten the spirits of his partner, but puffed away at a big cigar quite spite fully. ' - At length a small creature in a blue shawl came on deck and looked timidly about her. She was speedily followea and her arm taken by a lady who appeared to be her mother. Laura, out of mere curiosity, watched the couple seat themselves on the side of. the steamer, and then they turned their faces towards her. "Jabal," she said, giving her lord a tug, "do you see who that is" "No, I don't; nobody I know." "It's Lucy Beredith and her mother." "Can't help it if it is," replied Jubal, con. tinuing to puff. w"At least ou might take a little interest in what I say.' "Other people take too much interest in what you say for me to take much.'" "I haven't the ghost of a notion what you mean," returned Laura, tosesing her head. "But there are those Berediths. I wonder how it was we didn't see them when we came on board.' "I did ceo them at St. Lazare," observed Jubal, with the same ill-natured tone and look; " and I saw them got into our train, and I saw them corno on board." "Then why couldn't you tell me?" " A nice rage you'd got into if I were always narration to you everybody I saw." " ,haL timo we are getting in, when we tro so clone to, annd have been so for ever so long, to all nppe:ranco," remarked Laura, in answer to the. "It in a hornble steamrer. You ought to ihvoe looked after it better, as other gentlo:ncn do. But no coe can expect you to be a ecntlcmno." "There's only one gentlcman in the world, we know," retorted Jubal, s"ince Wintcortld put in au aopearance at raris. And th.e devil lknow, how hi found us out." " I'm very glad he did," said Laure, ,:r:-ly nullin athread oult of her;! g'v:. "It I c : !lavo beun dull enouglh vtith?:. Liant. I - p, pe you didn't enourage hill to cIo;s c.` .:I1. lid you? You didn't want itto bo thougglhte the hotel that your friend was the een of a lord, did you, Jubal '" 8ho always called him Jutbal whrn she was not on particularly good term? with! him, which had been rather frequently of late. S:"'Are ?ou going to speak to those Bere dltiha'Jlos?"J l ald sked, when a sudden lurch of thq'iesphtad sent him ignominiously into a sitting pita-re :on the seat.unar hins difes-he bad befei sidiogbetDoo. Lo ur burst Into a laugh, and several other paStgers, who had come on deck, were moved to smile also: Jnbal'a hat had flown off, and rolled with the movement of the vessel to the feet of the.Berediths. lie was very angry; more angry with Laura than any onu rlse, for laughing at him. Ho was proud of he.r beauty, and was as really in love with !,tr ;, his nateurc could bo; and ho wished to be 'nvo'i .!, and that the world should son that sbe ca1s all hisc owvn. Itappeared to him that her car:!~ ; I :c.hing at his misfortune would eugget to tho t miad:, of all who had seen it that the young lady could not be very much in love with her huslland. The casual observer of human naturo i:s puick to notice andgive their full value to indicrtiloa of this kind. A wife-above all, a now wife, who is In love with her husband--would feel his being seen in a ridiculous or foolish pocition in a sense doubly keen, But Laura seemed rather to enjoy Jubel'o discomfilture as he unsteadily followed his truant head-gear to the feet of the two ladies. 1Ie apologised to them no hlo pickecd his aut up and placed it on his head; and when he turned he saw a young ir:nech girl, an atticlo Jubal had pIrchnscd for hi:s 'eifo with his uncle eDavid' ssoney, ire ths' r.ct o~f receiving a spirited accounnt of hin misa sdventure' from her mistrese. This wia too, much for Jubal. Ho took in the nituetion at a 4glance, and did not go towards his wife, but remunctd culkily where hl wase'; andi lthe hip o l,oughed on tlhroush the ?c?atr, an:,l the cishto cliffs came warcr :uilt':s?r. JetL , ?*.i d + ,1 u:, ls " u!: nf ` lug v-'cvst .i e. -. h- :" r c '. hog, fclia,,+" ;,,a il lit . ics nix - °..: - ' prospect of thln. (.lnu ti'.ig .' or no_ 1 ,:'. after, and one only, and that was hlu on u Leg lined with cigars, on which ho nmoant to pay no duty. lie lilkewiso resolved to gt drunk, which he know Laura objected to, not on moral, but on artistic grounds. Jubal was an uppendage of her own, and she always remembered this when he made a beast of hlmself, as Qho called it, though she appeared to have forgotten it ustnow, when Jubal fell, But then, after all, twna'fate tlat had done that, and Jubal chose " It has' been seen that Laura made no stip towards speaking to the Berediths. The Dore dit s, nevertheless, had recognised her, and hall - known her well' enough not to expect her to accoet them. S"Don't you think, mamma, that Laura is handsomer than. over?" Lucy said to her mother, with her eyes fied on the white cliffs they were every moment nearing. " I certainly do," Mrs. Boredith acknow ledged unwillingly. She would have ben glad hau the fact been less evident. She was angry with Laura. " Don't you think It strange that we should have been on the same ship?"' "I should have stayed for the later ship If . had known they were comlng over," samid Mrsn. Beredith, rather sharply; ,and if that's lKeiah's brother, he's very much of her type."' Here Mrs. Beredith was wrong. But we all oudge incorrectly of people against whom we ave a preconceived opinion. "Why' doesn't be go to herP?" remarked Lucy. - They don't appear to be on very good terms. Oh, mamma," she added, turing her wistful face away from the chalk cliffs, and I towardsher mother, "if I had mrrieod Ilr,,. and were returning with him in this steamer lostead of you, we should have been fatther I apart than we are now." The mother sighed, and said nothing. '"I see it all differently now, mamma," went. s on Lucy. "1 know it would never have done, and I want to tell Kezlah so I am sure he now thinks kindly of me. HId I married him, She would have bated me by now. And how mush better to be eparatedfrom him as I am , than to have himbhate me, and 1 be tied to him. I' am sure fate was kinder tome than I knew.;. and time is kind. " When I lsat saw that shore, I was whing might never see it again; and now I am ust longing to get back and see the' old home. It was very kind of GeraldHarwyn to write so often." MIr. Beredith looked inquiringly at her daughter, s if not quite sure what this phrase meant, Introd?ned suddenly as it was, and withoutapparent reason. Ocrail larwyn had writtearegularly to Mrs.' Beredith, to make laqtrfless-aboet. Lucy, since they had left' EBgland,' which they. had done unmediately after the events we have before described; ondl Lucy-~aid certalnly read his letters with evident pleasure. After all,that might be but natural. Any sympathy, if it be real, tI acceptable in. time of pain; and Mrs. Ueredith had not attached munh meaning to Lucy's gratification. The steamer was at last close to the shore and entering the harbour, and Jubal, looiurely enough, advanced towards his wife and told her she might as well gather her traps together that was the phrase he used-If shohad left any in the cabin. They would be in in a minute. "Perhaps you may go and inquire about them," rejoined Laura, saucily, "seeing you ae so very steady on your fooet, and we are so very near shore." The yes of the little Frencb. maid twinkled at this sally ; but she naverthe less said that Monsieur must not troublehimself to go for the things; she would go at once her sell and see if there were anything of her mistress's left below. " At any rate Jubal," observed Laura, " you can look after the boxes, and see that some of them don't get carried off by somebody else." "They'll see to that," replied Jubal,veauely Indicating he know not whom. "I'm not going to bother about anything except breakfast. An Infernal wash of coffee they'll got for us, I know." "But really," insisted Laura, gathering her cardinal wrap about her, and dropplng from •her pedestal of satire, and mounting that of anger, " You must look after the things, Jubal; you know they will be lost, and things stolen .ut oft nem. You moat stand by all the time they look in them, too, and see they don't take anything out of all those lovely things I have bou ght.' "Lovely things be hanged," said Jubal, rudely; "what the devil did you want to got so many thnlgs for? It's through you buying' so many things that we had to have new boxese to carry them oin, and got charged for excess "Well, we don't go to Paris every day," returned Laura, indignantly. "Uncle David may be very glad we don't, answered Jubal. "It has co,t enough." And now, with a loud 'grating netee, and little shuder te steamer stopped; and then.• began the'ruoh to land. Jubal kept his word about the boxes; and they were ruthleseely opened andu turned over without any remonstrance from him. The only thing he took an intbrest in was hialeather bag, whichhe opened himself oand puslhed towards' the officer with a carerles air, na much 00 to say, "You may lookc; thero's nothing wrong with that." All it apleareod to contain war a half empty flank of brand y and a few toilet reequioitea. The oflicer puhled it back toerdst hin with some impatienco; and .Tubal, trieumnlhlnt. marched away with hiss cigaers to th', croeedod brealkfadnstroom,which loskedes nlnvitinge:sough. The proprietors well knoesw that tle trovoliern must breokfaet, at no r:latter wh:at corst, ndo that they nust tako whalt wes ptut blesre them, or else face the next part of thie' journecy vitlout anythlsg. to the several tabls:, were esrc?el in no very attractive m:sinner oithlI fsoo whlich would have been left unt.st'ti in a London restaurant. The iPatenctrn, tvho had for the most part been n?oa- sick, contesdcd thecnsclvro wilh mild grumbling at thio stowedl tra and wretched coffee cervedtto them at ao, e otortionato price. (TO nr crrt:t:r:,.) 