CHAPTER XXXII. A NEWSPAPER ITEM. It was a seasonable morning in the month of December. For several days a dry black frost had filled the air, chilling the blood and freezing the bodies of the ill-fed and half- clothed, and roofing every sheet of water with a glittering and slippery ceiling of ice on which frolicsome youngsters could disport themselves after the glad manner of their kind. Then the frost had abated for a few hours, and snow had fallen in a slow, heavy, persis- tent downpour, until all the streets and houses in Leghsbury and all the lanes and fields for miles around were one great mass of dazzling white. And a new frost had succeeded the snowfall, blinding soft fleecy material together with invisible yet rigid bonds; and for a week or more the black dirty-looking little borough had been completely changed in outward ap- pearance and far less gruesome to the eye which possessed some taste for that which was picturesque and pretty. Roofs were thickly thatched with snow; windowsills and doorsteps were laden with it; and even in the busiest thoroughfares the snow remained, only it was trampled into black slippery slabs. The snow had evi- dently come to stay for a space, and gossips were telling one another that they were "booked" for a winter of the good old-- fashioned kind. One morning His Worship the Mayor of Leghsbury walked briskly into his office in King-street in the stately and superior sort of way he had adopted since his fellow-Coun- cillors and Aldermen had conferred upon him the chief Magistracy of the town. The fire in the grate was sending out a most comfortable glow and warmth; his arm-chair was placed between one corner of the baize covered table and the fender; and over the back of the chair was thrown the morning paper, while his voluminous correspondence lay in a small heap on the table. In the ad- joining room old Israel Tolbin and the office boy were hard at work. "Anything new this morning, Telbin?" Crawley asked as he seated himself and placed his feet on the fender. "Nothing of importance, sir." "Has any one called to see me?" "Wesley was here about that mortgage, and he said he could not call this afternoon as he was going away to Liverpool." "All right," returned the lawyer, who by that time was deep in his correspondence. Among all his letters there was not one of an uncommon character. One or two had reference to petty legal squabbles, two or three others were from people who desired His Worship to patronise a ball, a temperance demonstration, or a mothers' meeting, and the remainder need not be specified. Presently he had waded through the lot, making a brief note in pencil on each com- munication ere he threw it aside. Then he turned from the table, and, seizing his paper, settled himself in the chair and prepared to enjoy the morning's news. Over the leader and leaderettes he glanced cursorily. Then he read the "London Letter" with evident relish; and after that racy article of judiciously dished-up scandal, gossip, and fashionable intelligence had been swallowed, he turned hither and thither, following his fancy or the striking headlines. Presently one paragraph attracted his atten- tion, and held it for some moments. It was in an obscure corner of the sheet, but the item of information the paragraph contained churned all the lawyer's thoughts until every word had been read once, twice, and yet a third time. Then he leant back in his chair, and the newspaper dropped on his knees, while a deep sigh expressive of the most intense relief slowly fluttered from his lips. What he had just read had allayed the innu- merable doubts and fears he had been a prey to during the past few weeks—since the day he had been elevated to the high position of Mayor of Leghsbury. And, moreover, the paragraph explained what had formerly been a matter for consider- able wonder. He knew now, or thought so, why the American, Jonathan P. Harrington, had been invisible for many days. Well, it was a godsend to himself and Lewis that the whole affair had ended in this way. He must see the mill-owner at once. Turning again to his table Crawley hastily penned the following note:-- "My dear Lewis—I should like to see you at once. I have just discovered a matter which is of the utmost importance to our- selves. What it is I do not care to say here. I shall be in the upper parlour at the Black Horse—say at 11 prompt—and shall wait till you come.—JOHN CRAWLEY." He dispatched the note with the office lad, telling his messenger that if Matthew Lewis was not to be found at Pennyhurst Mill he was to seek him at Thurston Hall, and urging upon the lad with all his magisterial dignity the imperative necessity that existed for him being as quick as possible upon his errand. The lad rushed away, and then His Worship turned to his confidential clerk. "Israel." "Yes, sir." "We narrowly escaped landing that Freckleton fish. Do you know that if that cursed American detective had not turned up for another month or two—say now—we could have managed everything and nobody would have been the wiser?" "Could we?" "Certainly," the Chief Magistrate said. "Read that bit of news." Israel read it and sighed a long-drawn covetous sigh. "It was a pity the American turned up." "A pity—it was a curse!" hissed his master. "Well, look over these, Telbin," in- dicating his correspondence with a sweep of his hand. "I am just going down to the Court, and shall not be back before noon. If any one calls on important business you will know where to send for me." Leaving his office the lawyer sauntered down King-street wearing his best face. Now and again on his way to the Borough Court he met prominent townsmen to whom he nodded amiably and smiled graciously. On reaching the Town Hall he went into the Mayor's Parlour, and from an attendant learnt that no important cases were to come before the Bench that morning. So he idled about the place for half an hour and then walked back along King-street. Approaching his own den he met his mes- senger, and on accosting the lad he found that his note had been delivered into Lewis's hands. So he proceeded hot-foot to the Black Horse, and he was just taking a mouthful of his special Scotch, hot, when the millowner walked hurriedly into the room. "What's this, Crawley, you wrote me about?" Lewis began. "Will tell you in a moment—but have a drink. An awfully raw morning, isn't it? What is it? Another special Scotch, hot, please." "What do you think, Lewis?" "What can I think, Crawley?" the cotton-spinner snapped out. He was evi- dently in no good humour, and he was looking more sallow and discontented even than usual. "Jacob Freckleton is dead!" "What? Dead?" "Yes. Read that item marked with red ink." Lewis almost snatched the newspaper from his companion's hand, and in another moment he was perusing the paragraph with an interest that was even keener than that Crawley had displayed. For the benefit of the reader the news item may be reproduced here. It ran thus:— "SAD DEATH OF AN ESCAPED LUNATIC." "The body of the tramp which was disco- vered a few days ago in a barn near Carr's Farm, Town Green, has been identified as that of a Jacob Freckleton who, a few weeks ago, effected his escape from Selborne Lodge, a private lunatic asylum, where he had been for years under the care of a Dr. Davidson. It appears that the deceased was a lunatic of many years' standing, and was deemed incur- able. He must have been knocking about the country for weeks, and the severe weather--- the constant exposure to frost and snow--- hastened the unfortunate man's end, as the verdict at the inquest testified. We under- stand that the deceased had just become enti- tled to a large sum of money owing to the death of a relative in America. Lewis threw down the paper without a word, and drained his hot whisky to the last drop. He was trying to appear calm and collected, but his mouth and eyes showed traces of the stress within him. "Well, Lewis, what do you think of it?" "A good job, Crawley, a very good job." "I should think it is--for you!" said the other in a meaning way. "For me—for us both. Well, he's dead and done for now, and one can sleep in peace at last!" "It was a near shave." "What was?" "I will tell you, Lewis. Has it not struck you as curious that any one should be able to identify Freckleton?" "I never thought about it—but it was curious all the same. Who knew him?" "I can't tell; but I believe it must be the American. I didn't like to tell you before what I will tell you now." "What do you mean?" "Only this. I told the detective who had come over to find Freckleton, where he was. I----" "What!" Lewis screamed, lowly. "You told him where Jacob was? You broke the oath we made to one another. You did that knowing what it meant to both of us?" "I did; but only because I was forced. The man had me in his power. You know what Telbin and I did in order to work the persona- tion dodge. If he had chosen, Harrinforth conld have ruined me. So I told him where Jacob Freckleton was confined, that was all." "All! My God, all! And I—we have been standing on a volcano for weeks, and----" "It is all over now, and there's no use bothering about it. Freckleton is dead and his secret dies with him. Have another drink, and be thankful, like me, that we have come out of it so well." "I am thankful—but only think of playing such a dangerous game for nothing. What of the fortune?" "Yes. But only Freckleton could tell us of that, and he wouldn't." On the very morning that Matthew Lewis and John Crawley were drinking together in the upper room of the Black Horse Hotel, and congratulating themselves on the assumption that Jacob Freckleton was dead, and there- fore done with for ever, Dr. Davidson's late patient, and Will Atherton's late workmate, was "shaking hands with himself," metaphori- cally, on account of the favourable turn matters had taken in respect to himself and his plans. Jacob was no great reader; it was seldom, indeed, that he took up a paper, and it was by the veriest chance that he had happened upon the account in the Daily Post of his own death and subsequent identification. He thought he understood how the mistake had been made. Dr. Davidson had put the police or others on his track; they had dis- covered some poor dead tramp who answered to his description, they had identified the un- known tramp as the man they sought, and the starved vagrant had been buried as the escaped lunatic, Jacob Freckleton. He chuckled to himself as he read the para- graph again and again, as Crawley and Lewis had done. This was the best thing that could possibly have happened. He was safe now. He might wander through Leghsbury at his own free will without fear of detection or arrest. Will Atherton was dead by this time, and he—Jacob Freckleton—the madman was dead also to John Crawley, Matthew Lewis, Dr. Davidson, and the rest of the world. He clipped the paragraph from the paper and put it carefully away in his pocket, and then he fell to wondering whether the lawyer or the cotton spinner had heard the news. If not they must know—must be led to believe that he had given up the ghost. How was it to be done? Ah! he had it! He would buy two more copies of the paper and send them marked to Crawley and Lewis. He left his humble lodgings at once and made his way to the nearest stationer's shop. There he obtained the newspapers he wanted, and then he marched off to the Post-Office, pur- chased a couple of wrappers, enclosed the marked newspapers in them, addressed them, and went outside to post them. But he did not drop them through the wide metal slit. A new idea had come to him. If he sent the papers to those whose addresses they bore suspicion might be aroused. They would wonder why news of Freckleton's death had been sent to them. Would wonder who had forwarded the papers and taken the trouble to mark them. Who—save himself--- knew that they had an interest in his decease? They might think of all those things, and feeling interested, curious—might make en- quiries which would lead to the discovery of the truth. He thrust one paper into his pocket and tore the addressed wrapper from the other. Then he went back into the post-office, wrote a few words on the margin opposite and re- ferring to the paragraph previously marked, and then obtaining a fresh wrapper he ad- dressed it to one of the editors of the local papers. Then he posted it and went back home. There was one thing about the paragraph which bothered Freckleton not a little. This was the portion which stated that he had become entitled to a large sum of money owing to the death of an American relation. He was not aware that he had any relative across the seas, and he was inclined to think that it was all a mistake. Still if there was money due to him he did not mean to lose it. But he was unable at present to take any steps towards making investigations into the matter and asserting his claims—supposing there was anything to claim. His salvation and the recovery of the hidden fortune depended upon him keeping his real personality a secret. When he had secured the buried thousands then be would throw off his disguise and look after the American business. In the meantime all his time and thoughts were needed in the work he had come there to fulfil. He was not fool enough to run after a bird in the bush when he had one already in his fingers. 