AMONG CHINESE HIGHWAYMEN. The maiwTarin junk upon which I 'was sail ing down the Blue fctiver of China lay, for the day, at the wharf Xankio,' writes a traveller among the Celestials. F left it early for an inspection of the ancient capital. In the afternoon I took the common wheelbarrow conveyance, to visit tie tombe of the Mings. The coolie who trundled it said he could take me there and back by sun A thunderstorm delayed us, «nd the son went down while we were among the hills, two miles at least from the city. The coolie jngjfttg«| upon my stopping at one more ruin in a grove jnst off the road. It was so dark that I could not have seen it, at the beat, and I told him to* harry back to the city. It ie hard, however, to convince* Chinese coolie of anything, and I was not surprised when he turned deliberately toward the ruin. It was almost dark in the grove, and as we ap proached the indistinct masses of masonry they gave me a very strong suggestion of all sorts of ghosts and goblins. Suddenly the coolie began to run. If he had been going the other w»y X should have thought be was frightened. Before I had time to think, however, the barrow was tipped sharply to one side and I was floundering in the tangled undergrowth. As I sprang to my feet every rock and shrub about me seemed alive. Out of the very ground men seemed to rise. I thought there were at least a hundred. Prohaldy a dozen would be nearer right. It would ha\e been folly to struggle, yet I was upon the point of at least entering a vigorous protest, when my arms were un cercmomousEy casght in & noose and securely bound, my feet were tied, a cloth was bound over my face, and I was laid apon my back in some sort of a box. It was all done so 'Quickly toac wiieo it was over I could still feel upon my hands the imprint of the branch which I bad caught when falling out of the wheel barrow. Xot a word had been spoken, but I knew by the motion that I must be in some sort of palanquin and was being carried some where. I wondered where. The air was ttifliug. It was rank with opium. Some of the fellows most have been smoking there while waiting for me. Between the cloth over my face and the opium fumes, which were all the air I could set-are, I was suffocating. I shouted, but it did no good - the steady, siltot swiug kept on. Evidently the fellows knew what they were doing, but did not propose to tell me, The scene changed, and changed again, and yet it did noi change at alL A 'thousand different things sccined going on about me - then there was nothing at all goiug on, and I was very comfortable and very sleepy, I abut my eyes for a Euort nap. When I opened them again I was in bed in my gaudy little stateroom upon the m»i_nd«irin junk, miles away from Xaukin, on the great Bine River How came I here? Two men had bronght me down to the wharf in a palanquin. Thes said they came from an opium den, aud the officer* of my escort, thinking I had yielded 10 a very popular weakness among themselves paid tlte fellows weU for having saved them the necessity of bunting me up. ? My watch was goue ; so were my money, mv Docket knife, my handkerchief even. Everything I had about me that could be of service «raro a Chinaman had disappeared. They had put me to sleep by burning an opium rope in that closed palanquin. It was the gentlert, most EffiS. £/£*'' Mei'raj' '*bay 