The Moribund Mask. Some parties have been watcbing the political cat so long and intently that their eyes are beginning to dance and present to the optic nerve of their owners a correspondingly saltatory dis position on the part or the relinu object of attention. iS'ow she seems leaping to one side of the f nee, -now to ? the other, a proclivity natural and therefore, becoming enough in cats, but when religiously followed by leading journals with leading articles not. calculated to strike the beholder as equally desirable. Ti-e -;rea-;. resource in the present in stance is the moribund mask. Because next Parliament i* to be elected for three. years only, therefore this. Parlia ment which was elected for five years, and, by the way, received no mandate from the people to curtail the life of future Parliaments, should confess .it self dead because it has lived more' than three, years. Under ...this ma-k. the most Protean of faces may be con cealed and undiluted nonsense poured out in magniloquent phraseology,. while it suits so to do ; and when it does, not suit, 1 he mask is dropped and Parlia ment urged to stick to. its work and do its duty. F -r example : When the Constitution Bill. is in question, Parlia-. ment is moribund and should give up the ghost at once if it have ashred of decency about it ; but when the Land Grant Bail way. Bill comes along, then Parliament should arise as at the sound of the last trump, and forcibly admonish anyone hinting that it is dead. Simple people would imagine that a body capable of dealing with the one measure should be able to deal with the other, so far as it is, intended to-be taken. On this part or the question mendacity as well as' deceit is madn use of. The Government have ilong ago stated that effect couldridt be given to the provincial scheme without an appeal to the people. It is to educate the people in the merits of the question, to so, thrash! it 'but Tin 'Parliament that all the pros and cons may b'e Btated fully ? and fairlv— fully for certain, and as fairly as may be — so that the question ' may. go to -an enlightened body and not be so garbled and bur lesqued as to make the arbitrament of. . the electors a burlesque in its turn, that the bill is now brought .before, .Parliament., ,If isa bold thing. : to say, yet we say it, that this is the fate of the majority of appeals to tho 'masters.' Moot' mea sures are represented as everything they are not; and the: candidate who lies loudest, longest.' and deepest, on tho question carries the day and returns to the House with a triumphant endorse ment of' black when white only. was presented to his constituents, or an emphatic condemnation of white by people who neVer heard a word of any thing but black. The Government do servej every credit, then, for their en deavour to place- tho issues clearly before the' psople, to liammer8tho merits and ; 'deine/its of the .' pro posed scheme into the heads of its ? final judges, even ? by tho almost mortal weapon of a committee debatt^ on a bill of over two hundred clauses, so that when ic comes bt'i'oro , ' them they Rhall be able to judge more - ', disoriminately ' than they who core - * founded black with' white, and the flare of the political match with the light of eternal truth.' As for the inopportuneness of the measure, the best reply is that the people more seriously affected do not consider it inopportune. The people of the North and Centre have waited so long that this commencement of an attempt to recognise, if not remedy, their grievance appears an act of very tardy justice. Were the thing to be delayed over this Parliament, in accor dance with the moribund theory, they would at once burl the charge of insin cerity agair.t the Government and assume an attitude of distinct hostility not alone to the Southern Ministry but to the Southern people. Tho Govern ment are not such fools as to close their eyes to this factor in the coming struggle. They have determined at once to educate -the people in the great question of the day and to prove their earnestness in the cause of autonomous aspiration of those occupying two-, thirds of the colony. The question of bisection versus triscction is a most difficult one, so much may be said on both sides. But the sneer about the insignificance of the Central district, with its/.ambition for a Parliament of its own, comes with a particularly bad grace from the representative men of Queensland — that colony which aspired to and won independence when still more insignificant than the Central District now in wealth and population, and even in inhabited territory. If Queensland in those dayo wis impor tant enough to be erected into an autonomous colony, surely the Central District is important enough now to be erected into a semi- autonomous province. Whatever argument may be used in favour of two provinces as against three, that of insignificance is as hollow as any used on the question, and about the most insulting of the lot. The manner in which the red herring of Imperial interference is dragged across the trail evidences more cunning thafr /wisdom. Those who make use of, 'the device fail to grasp the right end of their own weapon. Shall the Imperial Government inter fere in our affairs, dictate our lino o£ internal policy, or. act itself without even dictating ? Certainly not, nor should a free people abide by such conduct, nominally sub ject as they are. But so far as this boing a case of the. strong tyrannising over the weak, the boot is oa the other leg. The Imperial Government will come, if it be forced to come, not as the . tyrant but as the tyrannicide, not to oppress the weak but to succour them, not to impose distasteful edicts upon an unwilling people, but , to rescue those being subjected to such oppression. In this case the South is the tyrant, and the rest of Queensland the oppressed crying for relief. The parts of Queens land not comprised in the South yearn for at least local self-government. The South answers, 'Self-government you shall never Have' while sve can help it.' As it is very possible the South will remain to all time the most populous section of Queensland, the position suggested is an eternal subjection of the reBt of the colony, or nation, to the Southern part of it. It is to rectify this cryingly unjust state of affairs that tne imperial Government is asKeci to come to the rescue ; and come to the rescue it must, sooner or later. And ? without a doubt, should the South show a tyrannising and hidebound spirit at this important juncture, should she, under cover of the moribund mask or any other transparently deceitful sub terfuge, decline to listen to reason or ' justice, the sooner the Imperial Govern ment comes the better. The longer the sore lemains open to hourly irrita tion, the more danger of something worse supervening. The quarrel be tween North and Soutli in the United States had its small beginning when a dexterous hand might have averted rupture for all time. The dexterous hand was wanting, and the rupture not averted. Is history to repeat itself, or shall a superior power intervene to save ? us from ourselves ? 