. HE WAS IN LUGK. A tall, dignifiecl-looking gentleman stood facing an unoccupied house in a prominent West Side street the other day, closely scanning a large white sign which hung in the front door. The house was a handsome modern structure, two storeys high, and hau evidently been built by some wealthy man for residence purposes, bub was now adver tised as being "For Rent." The tall man had just finished taking observations and jotting down the owner's address in a. small notebook, and was turning to leave, when a neighbour came along and pleasantly remarked : "It's a pity that a fine house like tliis should staud idle for such a long time." " Why, how long has iffbeen idle ?" . : "Well, the last tenant -moved out. two years ago, and the owner can't find another who is brave enough to live in there." " What's the matt.er with it ? Danger of collapsing?" - "-Oh, no. The house is built Eolid enough. "The great trouble is that it's- haunted." -. ' v-You don't say!" And the tall man seemed to grow more interested. "It's a- fact. Every Wednesday and Friday, just at midnight, the people in the neighbourhood are startled by a series of wild, blood-curdling yells : and immediately alter that two white figuues appear at the ripper windows. I've seen them myself ; " and the good man shuddered as he thought of it. " Have you any idea what rental the owner demands for the v«bole house ? " " Y'es, I beard him say he'd let anybody have it for five dollars per month." "Five dollars a month! Great Ciesar ! but that's a bargain. Guess I'll take it before ; some other fellow gets ahead of me." "Bub wouldn't you be iifraicl of living in a house infested with spooks?" "Oh, I'm quite used to them. I am a spiritualist, and as I hold my seances every Wednesday and Friday night, those spooks j will come in very handy. You'll excuse me, j sir, w hile I go and see the owner and sign a i lease for ninety-nine years." j And as he walked off, he muttered to : himself. ' Fivedollars a month, and twofull-fledged j ghosts to boot ! This is, indeed, a bargain." , 