THE INFLUX OF UNEMPLOYED. In sending hundreds of the unemployed of Broken Hill into South Australia regardless of the protests of our Govern ment Sir George Dibbs is playing a most repreuenBiDie pare. »nen iur. ureer was dispatched to the Hill with carte blanche to act for his colony it was under stood that he would make arrange ments while en route for the pur pose of securing employment fov the men at various points in Sow South Wales, Victoria, and South Australia. Ostensibly the primary object of his mission was to find situations for them and then to dispatch them tu their destinations. The hopelessness of ac complishing such a tusk without waiting for a few weeks at any rate seemed so apparent that the opening of a Labour Bureau for the men at Broken Hill was generally regarded as a mere farce. Events have justified this way of looking at the matter. It is not a labour office that the New South Wales Govern ment is now conducting at Broken Hill, but an unemployed emigration office. Even the pretence of finding situations for some of the men in other parts of Australia is now being given up, and fie full tide of the unemployed immigration is being made to flow into South Aus tralia. Sir John Downer has stated in answer to a question that the Government of this province 'entertain strong feelings' with regard to tho action which is now being taken. This is a mild way of put ting the case. Seeing that the strong objec tions of his Government have been treated with contemptuous indifference, and that the course objected to is being vigorously persisted in, something more than a general expression of strong feeling is required to meet the exigencies of the situation. Mr. Playford urges that steps should be taken to stop the influx. It is difficult to see how the Government can absolutely refuse to permit a passenger to travel on the railway line, provided he has a ticket and com mits no offence against the railway regu lations. The contingency of the Government of one colony being so unneighbourly and so utterly lost to all sense of courtesy as to send its unemployed into another colony has hitherto been regarded as so exceedingly remote that it has not been in any way guarded against by legislation. It would be only paying Sir George Dibbs back in his own coin were our Go vernment to secure the steerage accommo dation of 6ome of the intercolonial vessels and place it at the service of all men from Broken Hill who wish to seek employment in New South Wales. South Australia is sparsely populated as compared with the older province, and the capacity of the latter to absorb the unemployed at short notice ought to be at least three times as great as that of the former. At any rate it is in the highest degree unfair to com pletely derange the labour market of this part of .the continent by throwing some two or three thousand men who are out of work and penniless into the midst of our working population. To demand that New South Wales shall bear her full share of the burden is only fair and reasonable. But Sir George Dibbs knows that in this matter he has the whip hand. He can flood our labour market overland while we are prevented from returning the compliment by way of the sea. This, indeed, is where the particular meanness of his present action comes in. Mr. Grainger on Thursday had a motion on the Assembly Notice-paper for the appropriation of a sum of money to pro vide relief for the destitute at Broken Hill, but he very wisely allowed it to lapBe. It is surely bad enough for the South Australian Government to have to keep the people that are brought within the borders of the colony from starving without having to go into a neighbouring province to find recipients of State aid. Even as regards those destitute persons who, in defiance of our wishes, are being foisted upon us, it would be perfectly reasonable to stipulate that whatever money is spent by South Australia in affording re lief shall be recouped to her. Certain it is that some definite stand must be made by the Government if it desires to retain its self-respect. Un heeded remonstrances are not enough to meet the case of a deliberate attempt at overriding our wishes. South Australia may be regarded by the New South Wales Government as the weaker brother, and therefore to be imposed upon with im punity, but it cannot submit to such high banded treatment. It is alleged in excuse of the action of the Sydney authorities that the unemployed at Broken Hill arc really South Australians. It would be interesting to know how this fact has been discovered. It has always been understood that tho Barrier district drew largely upon all the colonies for its popu lation. Even, however, if tho statement be true, it ill becomes a Govern ment which has taken revenue from these people for seven or eight years, and has done so little for them, to turn round upon them in their hour of need and eject them as strangers and aliens. The amount collected in recent years has been about £150,000 per annum. So long as there was anything to be got out of the people they have been treated as colonists of New South Wales. It is only when they become burdensome that it is represented that they belong to South Australia. It has been further insinuated that the objections in this colony are mere theatrical display, in intended to have the effect of catching the labour vote at the elections. Those who live in glass houses should not throw stones at iron shutters. Sir George Dibbs knows as well as the intelligent observers of his present action that his desire to get lid of the Broken Hill unemployed without finding rocm for any of them in his own colony is really prompted by that very same motive which he imputes to others. The benevolent public in South Australia are going the right way to work in raising a fund to relieve the pressure of immediate necessity in order that in the meantime employ ment may be gradually found for those who aro out of work. The Intercolonial Cbicket Match. — To-day the cricket match between teams representing South Australia and New South Wales will be begun on the Adelaide Oval. Although it is in one sense nobhing more than a coincidence that the engagement is to take place at this particular time of the year h is, no doubt, a fact that to many tho opening of the game means the inauguration of that welcome festive season in which the claims of recreation are especially recognised. Those who find their relaxation in cricket undoubtedly find it in an extremely manly, invigorating, and healthy pastime. It never seems possible to make too much of tho good old game, and any thing which tends to encourage its practice is particularly worthy of commendation. It is difiicult to over-estimate the beneficial influence which friendly contests between teams belonging to neighbouring countries have in promoting the quality and the love of the sport, and even in fostering a pleasant form of federation. Concerning tho present visit of the New South Wales contingent to this colony there is one feature which tho general public will have noted with pleasure. At their own request our visitors have been spared tho com pliment or the ordeal of a formal recep tion by the Mayor, although it has long been the custom under similar cir cumstances to have such a reception. The players were anxious that South Australia, as perhaps the most hospitable of the colonies, should set the example in breaking through the practice, and the local Association acted wisely in adopting the suggestion. The habit of magnifying the social importance of athletes merely as such has grown into something approaching a nuisance, but as a thoroughly representative team tho New South Welshmen now amongst us had special claims to consideration. That they should have waived those claims m the interests of common sense is highly creditable to their taste and to then? judgment. A better practice is likely to prevailinthc future. Theabsurdity of some of the past receptions has been sufficiently shown when comparatively insignificant cricket or football teams have expected a city in the full radiance of its dignity to smile upon it with its blandest smile. We yield to none in our sympathy with healthy outdoor exer cises and in our belief in their necessity. We are as conscious as any one of the ?immense advantages with which nature has endowed us for the cultivation of out door sports and pastimes— advmtages which ought on no account to bo ne glected. But there is no danger of this. The danger lies all on the other side. There is no cccasion to deify sport. As for the match itself we cannot, in loyalty to South Australia, express the hope that the good sense of our visitors will be equalled by their good fortune. We can, however, and we do, trust tnat the best men, whether our own or our neighbours', will win. The present position of these intercolonial matches is that out of three with New South Wales South Australia has won one and lost two, whilst out of fifteen played with Victoria she has won seven, tho Victorian* winning the other eight. Last season South Australia beat both New South WaleB and Victoria. Our team therefore go into the field with a high reputation to bub tain. The ' Observer' Christmas Number. ? The Christmas number of the Observer appears to- day. If merit goes for anything its popu larity Ehould be as groat or even greater than that of its predecessors. The paper is crammed full of good thing?, and covers an exceedingly wide range of interest. Every class is catered . for. The number contains the usual complete — budget of news for the week, reports, and telegrams recording occurrences all the world over. Nor ia there any falliug-off in the number and v.irioty of leading and special articles commenting upon important current Events and matters of more than ordinary interest. But over and beyond this the issue has within its forty pages an exceptionally good selection of miscellaneous literature. In this light reading takes a conspicuous place. Many of the stories are exceedingly well written ; all of them are interesting. Apart from instalments of the two powerfully written serials, 'Undor the Great Seal' and ' A Crimson Fortune,' from tbe pens of tho well ? known novelists Joseph Hatton and F. Monk Foster respec tively, there are numerous complete tales. Of these a suitable proportion are thoroughly Australian in subject and treatment, and ehould therefore poetess peculiar claims to attention. But the interests and phases of life of the old world are presented in others. Readers fond of the romantic will find their taste gratified by perusing ' A Regained Eurydioo,' by ' Anton ;' ' The Christmas Rose,' by Adeline ?Sergeant; 'Jack Rippling,' by 'Sylvia:' and 'On the North Line,' by Lindsay Duncan. 'DarkDoings in tho Gulf,' by Shark Mussell; and ' An Old Colonial Heroiue,'are tales of the tragic stamp of adventure. ' A Terrible Christmas Eve,' by Lucy Hardy, suggests its own character. Lovers of anything appertain ing to the supernatural will find all they want in 'A Mysterious Warning,' by Ina Leon Cassilis; 'The Ghost at the Red Farm,' by Mabel Collins ; and ' A Voice From the Hidden World.' There 13 also an interesting dramatic sketch entitled ' Vava sour, Duplex,' by Heron Shaw, while a fairy tale, 'The Enohanted Staff,' bv Lindsay Duncan, and a sketch 'The Wingfirrv Waterhole,' by W. S., must not be allowed to escape observation. Besides all this ther »re numerous pieC?« of original and selected poetry, a wealth of amusing sketches, anecdotes, as well as quips, cranks, and puzdeB- for which the 'Riddler' has a roputatioo all its own. Last but not least the requirements of chessplayers aro well attended to. With the number is given gratis a haud Eome coloured picture. Despite the extra matter it contains the paper remains UU* altered in price. The Legislative CocXOIl.— As soon a£the Legislative Council met on Thursday the Hon. J. H. Angus made a personal explanation to the effect that in his speech on the previous day he had not said as reported in ' Hansard' that the Government had given a contraut to the local Company to supply cement for the Happy Valley Works, but that ho said the Company had tendered to supply the article. There has evidently been some misapprehension as to tho word which was used, as it is only fair to say that two reporters took the wordn, anil the faithfulness of the report has since been con firmed by members who were present. Other members in their speeches the same eveuing referred toMr. Angas's statements, and.issumed that a contract had actually been made. Early in the proceedings the Hon. E. Ward was successful in suspending tho Standing Orders, when ho moved that nuw business should not be taken after 10 o'clock at night. An attempt was then made to induce the leader of the Council to suspend tho Govern ment business in order that tho Iiuii. D. M. Charleston might movo his motion with reference to the Trades Hall site. But objec tion was taken to this course, and tho order of business as sot out in the Notice-paper was observed. The Public Purposoa Loaa Bill was taken through Committee with out amendment and read a third time. The Trades Marks Bill, which had been returned from tho Assembly with un important amendments, was then dealt with, and the amendments being agreed to tho Bill went through all its stages. Tho schedule of tht Succession Duties Bill was discussed at great length, and the amendments were of Buch a nature that tho Minister seemed inclined at one stage to abandon the meaaure. Tho Bill was sent back to the Assembly. The amendments made by the Assembly in the Adelaide Racecourse Bill were accepted. The whole of the evening sitting was taken up in tho dis cussion on the Trades Hall Site resolu tion, the Hon. D. M. Charleston delivering a carefully prepared speech in advocacy of the motion. The most notable speech of the even ing, however, was that by tho Hon. R. C. Baker, who explained hit position as regards the Parliamentary subscriptions towards de fraying the cost of a Trades Hall, and defended himself against the aspersions of tho Hon. C C. Kingston. In duliberato but impassioned language tho lion, member referred to Mr. Kingston as ' as big a coward as ho ia a big bully— a member of and a disgrace to the legal profession.' Later on Mr. Bakor declared that Mr. Kingston had been ' branded by tbe Select Committee on wheat rates as a man un worthy of credence,' a statement which the Hon. W. Copley took exception to in a speech defending his Into colleague. The motion waa ultimately negatived by 10 to U votes. The Hon. Dr. Magarey, who had spolcon against the motion, was absent, as wns also the Hon. O. W. Cotton, who was in favour of the motion. The Hons. J. Martin and J. J. Duncan paired for and against the motion respectively, while the Hon. A. R. Addison did not vote. The Council rose at twenty-six minuteB to 11 until 11 o'clock this morning. Extraordinary Sittixg of Nineteen Hocks.— Yesterday morning the Assembly broke the record for length of sitting. When the Register went to press the Houbo was in Committee on Mr. Jenkins's Betterment Bill, when it was disposed of by the Chairman being moved out of tho chair. Mr. Gould, Mr. Butler, and Mr. Miller supported the motion or compensation to tho defendant in the Arthur will case, and tho motion, as amended by the Attorney- General in favour of paying reasonablo expenses, was carried. Mr. Horn moved the second reading of the Fences Bill, and, after discussion, the debato was adjourned till later on in tho day. Mr. Butler could not supiwrt the claim of Mrs. T. K. Pater for a grant from the State, and Mr. Hancock ob tained the adjournment of the debato till the afternoon. At ten minutes to 4 the Treasurer took steps to introduce a Bill for the issue of £'500,000 worth of Treasury bills in rase it should bB necessary to raise money temporarily owing to any difficulty ia floating a loan. Iu half an hour's speech Mr. Grainger moved that the Bill be read that day six months. They had given tho Treasurer authority to borrow £1,000,000, and the Bill was unnecessary. While Mr. Grainger was speaking the grey dawn peeped into tho Cham ber with a score of members, and beheld tht sleeping forms of Mr. Kingston, Mr. Butler, and Mr. O'Loughlm. Copies of the BrgisUr were circulated, and Mr. Grainger found him self unequally handicapped in the competition for hon. members' interest. Mr. Ash'e enquiry had a pertinent flavour— ' What time do you breakfast?' Mr. Playford in a few words corrected Mr. Grainger, and ap proved of tho Treasurer taking a second string to his bow. The Bill passed all stages by twenty-five minutes to 5. Mr. Butler failin;.' to adjourn Mr. Gillon's motion for rusiunptiou. of certain land tald by tho Hon. G. C. Hawker in the Hundred of Hart oppose! H. Mr. Gillen replied by 5 o'clock, and on division the Clerk reported tho numbers equal. ^m Proceedings is the Assembly.-- Tln-*tey^ afternoon found hon. members in the Assembly ^ looking a little tired, but with a fair measuro of energy left. Mr. Brooker, with a kindly feeling for the reporters and tho officers of tho Houeo, wanted a reasonable sitting, but tha Premier could give no assurance on the subject. After discussion as to the appointment of a Commandant, referred to elsewhere, the Premier moved the second reading of tho Act to declare the interpretation of the Land Tax Act with regard to right-of- purehase lands. In the debate there was a general feeling that the Chief Justice's recent judgment in the Ward case was mistaken as to the Legislature's intention. The Bill was carried through all stages. After addresses from Mr. Caldwell and Mr. Johnson, by ten minutes past G, tho Bill dealing with the incorporation and consitution of th« School of Mines was read a second time. In Com mittee there was a discussion, lasting over the dinner hour, on the constitution of the Coun cil. Mr. Brooker moved to striko out the BubMotioni providing for election of members I^I^BOUfl bodies. He was quite content to tru^Rlb Government of the day to make a judicious selection. Dr. Cockburn warmly opposed the proposal, and later on Mr. Brooker wished to withdraw his amendment, but the leave was refused. The amend ment was carried. A modification was made with regard to the Counoil acquiring lands, and Mr. Ash failed to limit the power of the Council to expel students, having in view the bookbinding incident, which caused a good deal of public comment at the time. A popular suggestion was that Mr. E. W. Hawker should beoffered a teat on the Council. By a quarter to 10 tho Bill had passed through all stages. The Fencing Bill was piloted through Committee by Mr. Horn, assisted by the Chief Secretary. On the third reading Mr. Stock complained that the Bill had been hurried through with little or no discussion. Mr. Ash was deprived of the privilege of stonewalling the Travelling Stocks Reserves Bill, as Mr. R. Kelly inti mated that he did not intend to proceed further with it. Mr. Kingston's motion in favour of Mrs. Pater's petition for compensation was carried. While the division bells were ringing Mr. Flayford remarked that it was most unfair that members who had not the courage of their opinions should keep out of the House so as to give a majority for tbo motion. Mr. Kingston ridiouled the idea, but Mr. Flayford persevered in his disapproval of the tactics. Remaining fausinees having been postponed the House rose at 11.22 till 11 o'clock this morning. The Prorogation.— The Government have not made definite arrangements for the proroga tion of Parliament, but there is little doubt that members will be relieved of their duties to-morrow. The reason why it is impossible to speak with accuracy as to tho date of the cere mony is that the Government have to be guided by the progress of business, particu larly in the Legislative Council. As a rule the two Houses exchange many recommendations during the last hours of a .session, and conside rable time is taken up in conferences and the ducussion of suggested amendments and com promises. There is, however, a reasonable prospect that during today the Notioe-paper will be oleared sufficiently to enable the Premier to fix m hour for the prorogation to-morrow. Commandant op the! Pokces.— On a motion for the printing of a paper thb Chief Secretary announced to the Assembly on I Thursday the Government's proposal 'pr£. ' viously stated in our column* to import every three, four, or five --^ ^'^^ in_ Tantry officer' to act as Commandant. Sir John Downer 'considered that the colony de pended more upon defence by sea than land, and that it was therefore inexpedient to allow the Protector to become inefficient. In the subsequent debate tho Hon. J. L. Parsons, Mr. Caatino, Mr. Moulo, and Mr. J. R. Kelly supported the Government. The Hon. A.. Catt and Mr. Jenkins wanted the Govern ment nob to make an appointment till the new Parliament met. The Hons. Dr. Cockburn and C. C. Kingston and Mr. Holder strongly advocated the ?elec- tion of a local officer for the position. Mr. Hack regarded the expenditure on an Imperial officer as extravagance, and Mr. Burgoyne sneered at our toy army, preferring the American system of giving a few weeks' training annually to citizens generally. The Hon. A. Cattj Mr. Jenkins, and Mr. Holder expressed a feeling against promoting the Acting Commandant to the higher office. Mr. Miller, Mr. McDonald, and the Hon, T. Play foid joined in the debate, the tone of which was unfriendly to the Government pro posal. The Premier, in deference to the evident wish of the House, promised not to make an appointment during recess. The Ship Torrexs.— Messrs. Elder, Smith, and Co., Limited, are advised of tho dispatch of|the Bhip Torrens from Plymouth, Captain W. H. Cope, commander, on October 91. The following are the passengers : — Saloon — Rev. and Miss Hussey, Dr. and Mrs. Stevens, Mr. and Mrs. Plumer and Master Plumer, Mr. and Mrs. Parker and three children, Mr. and Mrs. Hamilton Vey and two children, Misses Madden), English, Hughes, and Mearbook, Messrs. Foreaith, Bush, Edwards, Rothwell, E. and H. Redmayne, Wall, Hutchings, Rylands, Durel, Pickthorne, Lower, Aste, Malcolm, Edmonds, Jacques, and Harman. Second saloon— Mr. and Mra. Bartholomew and two children, Mrs. Warner and four children, Messrs. Dodd, Motbersole, Reade, and Barlow. The ship may be expected to arrive soon after the middle of January. Illness op the Hon. G. W. Cotton. — We regret to learn that the Hon. G. W. Cotton, M.L.C., was taken suddenly ill on Wednesday evening on his way home from his Parliamentary duties, and is now confined to his room and under medical treatment. Thk Locomotive Contract.— We have re ceived tbe following letter in connection with the dispute respecting the locomotive con tract :—' Sir— With reference to the state ments made by Messrs. Martin & Co. that they were unable to obtain prices from Messrs. Vickers, Son, & Co., Limited, for the tires and axles for the ninety-two engines under contract I beg to inform you that on Tuesday last I cabled this firm as follows : — ' Martin's state publicly they could not obtain prices from you for tires and axles for tho contract for nine-two engines. Reply.' This morning I have received following cablegram :— 'State- ment absurd. Neither Martin's nor Lanyon (their London agent and buyer) have ever asked for prices at all.' I have, &c.;, W. J. Adams, agent Vickers, Son, &, Co., Limited.' Trap op the Governor Musgrave.— Mr. A. Searcy, Secretary to the Marine Board, who went on board the steamer Governor MuEgrave down to the West Coast, returned to Port Adelaide on Wednesday. The Gover nor Musgrave, after leaving Port Adelaide, encountered very heavy weather, and great difficulty was experienced in landing the re lieving lighthouse -keepers at Cape Borda. Altborpe Island was then visited, where the relief lighthouse-keepers were landed with an otiicer of the Telegraph Department, who went down to effect repairs to the telephone cable from Althorpes Island to the mainland. The defective part of the cable was fortunately found to bo on tho island, and the officer speedily made the necessary repairs. The steamer then proceeded to the West Coast, where Bhe'.ia now taking soundings, laying down buoys, and engaged in general repairing work. Two buoys have been put down in Ccffin's Bay and Streaky Bay. Mr. Searey returned viaElliaton by the steamer Lubra. Wool Vessels. — 1 he ship Earcssa cleared at tho CuBtoms-hou.se, Port Adelaide, on Thurs day afternoon for London, via St. Helena. Her cargo consists of 3.C95 bales ool, 32!) bales sheepskins, 3,950 bag3 manganese- ore and sundries, besides a quantity of breadatutfa for St. Helena. The steamer Strathavon left Port Adelaido on Thursday with 346 bales wool for Antwerp and 611 bales for Hamburg. IITiib Commercial Bask Action.— Wo learn that Mr. Bonnin completed his purchase of the action against the Directors of tho Com mercial Bank of South Australia in liquida tion on Wednesday afternoon. Bank of Adelaide. —We learn that Mr. G. A. Connor has resigned his position of accountant to the Bank of Adelaide and has been reappointed as managor of the Bank's Port Branch. Mr. R. S. Young, who was con nected with the late Commercial Bank of \- South Australia, and who was subsequently \- Secretary to the liquidators, will succeed Mr. Cofmor as accountant. Mr. W. R. Tothill, who for some years past has occupied the posi tion of Manager at the Port Branch, will pro bably be appointed Travelling Inspector. A number of Mr. Tothill'a friends having learned of hia projected removal, a meetin? of the customers of the Port Branch of tho Bank was held on Thureday at Mr. H. P. Dentan's office. Regret was expressed at the transfer, which will take place shortly, and it was decided to mark the high esteem in which the deputing townsman wa« held by asking hia acceptance of a souvenir. Further arrange ment* were postponed. Broken Hill Relief Fcnd.— We are requested to direct attention to the appeal of the committee, whioh appears in our adver tising columns. It will be seen that all members of that committee are authorized to receive subscriptions, and we shall be very happy to take charge of any which may be sent to us, as requested by the committee. All donations will be acknowledged by the Treasurer (Mr. J. Viner Smith) by advertise ment, as well as amounts forwarded from time to time to the Broken Hill Relief Committee for distribution. We are asked to point out, in reply to some objections that have been raised that there are numbers of families suffering who were not directly connected with the strikers or Unionists, and the committee will take special pains to see that such cases are relieved first. Mayoral Gifts.— The Mayor of Adelaide (Mr. C. Willcox), in accordance with the usual custom at this time of the year, has arranged for the distribution of tickets amongst deserv ing applicants, entitling the holders to 5s. worth of provisions as a Christmas gift. Cholera Restrictions.— At a recent meet ing of the Central Board of Health the Chief Secretary forwarded a letter received through His Excellency the Governor from the Con sul-General for Germany at Sydney, stating that he had been instructed by the Chancellor of tho German Empire to inform the Govern ment of South Australia that the cholera epidemic had entirely disappeared from Ger many, and that the Special Committee appointed by the Imperial Board of Health therefore recommended the abolishment of the restrictions imposed on goods traffic with a view to prevent the spreading of the disease. It was decided to reply to the Chief Secretary that the Board had reason to believe that unless a further outbreak of cholera Bhould be reported the proclamation declaring German ports infected would bo revoked in the course of a few days. The Board, however, considered that the revocation should be simultaneous in the leading colonies, and before making any recommendation to the Government they would have to consult with tho neighbouring Boards of Health on the subject. School ok Mines and Industries.— The year's work of che School of Mines an Indus tries will close to-day, and this evening tbe results of the examinations will be announced. From 8 o'clock to 9 the classes will be in opera tion, and the classrooms and museum will be open to public inspection. An adjournment will then be made to the Concert Hall of the Exhibition Building, where the successful students will be indicated, and the diploma of the school will be presented to C. J. Whillas and W. E. Wainwright. In the absence of the Chairman of tbe Council (Mr. J. L. Bonython) Dr. Cockburn will preside, and addresses will be given by His Honor the Chief Justice, the Premier, the Commissioner ot f \l!?!!9 yy?rlf5- *!?e Minister °f Education, i; Hon. C. C. Kingston, and Mr. E'. tf. Hawker. Distress at Bboken Hill.— At the meet ing of the Fort Adelaide Corporation held on Thursday evening the circular issued by the Mayor of Broken Hill, appealing for help for the distressed at the Barrier, was considered. It was decided to call a public meeting to con sider the question. The Canowie Herd op Shorthoiin|Cattle —This well-known herd, which has boen before the breeders of South Australia and the neighbouring colonies for upwards of thirty ypars, and has held its own with great succesB against all comers in the various showyards, has been purchased by Mr. T. R. Bowman, of Campbellhouse. The herd comprises about 500 head, the stud cattle being of the best strains of pure Durham blood, and it must be a matter of congratulation to those connected with the breeding of cattle in South Aus tralia that tho herd is etill retained intact in the colony. Under the careful* management of Mr. Bowman and on the splendid pastures of the Campbell house estate there can be no doubt that the herd will continue to maintain the re putation and success it has already achieved. The herd was originally formed by Mr. R. B. James at Canowie iu 18D8 from Btock selected from Mr. Chisholnvs station on the Lachlan, New South Wales, and frequent importation of bulls and heifers of the highest lineage have been subsequently introduced from England. Annual drafts of bulls, both stud and herd, are sold at high figures in this and the neighbour ing colonies, whose appreciation of them is abundantly testified to by the keen demand that exists for cattle of the Canowie brand. Supreme Court.— The Full Court will sit on Saturday next, 17th inst , being the last day of the last law term of current year. Annual Trip of the Marine Board.— The members of the Marine Board will start on their tnp of inspection to the West Coast on January 5. The steamer Governor Musgrave is at present at the West Coast On her return to port ahe will be placed on the Blip and cleaned. Then she will be ready for the Wardens, There is a large amount of work to be done at the West Coast, and as the northern ports have to be visited in addi tion the trip will occupy longer than usual. The engiresof the vessel are working very well on the present trip. Gift to a Citv Church.— Mrs. Everard, of Bay-road, who with her femily has wor shipped in St. Paul's Church, Adelaide, for so many years, has sign'fied her wish to mark the memory of her late husband by a gift to the Church of £100 for the first and £50 for the second year on condition that an equal sum each year be raised by the congregation. The money is to devoted to the much-needed work of renovating the Church building. It is hoped that this generous offer will act as a spur to the congregation to get together as Boon as possible the necessary funds, and have !)he Church, which has bo long been a familiar landmark in tho eastern portion of the city, put into thorough repair. The Four-oar Race.— Tho Manno Board having declared the eight-oar race held last Saturday and the four-oar contest to take place next Saturday public processions, in structions were given to the Harbourmaster to follow the races, and the launch Victoria was used for tho purpose last Saturday. The Board was informed by the Treasurer at the meeting on Thursday that the Victoria would be re quired next Saturday, and another launch would therefore have to bo procured for the use of the Harbourmaster. After considerable discussion, during which the opinion was ex pressed that it might be better for the Harbour master not to be in attendance unless he could procure a launch that could keep within a reasonable distance from the competing boats, the matter of obtaining the best launch passible was left in the hands of Captain Inglis. Railway Returns.— The railway revenuefor the week ended December 10 was £22,567, that for the corresponding week of 1891 being £20,S-}2, showing an increase of £1,725. Alleged Suicide.— On Tuesday evening, December 13, the body of a man named Ernest Dalo was found dead in his bed at his house in Greystreet, Goodwood. He had evidently been dead for several days, as the body was in an advanced state of decomposi tion. It is known that he bought some laudanum on December 3. An inquest was bald at the Hyde Park Hotel, when the follow ing verdict was returned :— 'Death by laudanum poison, self-administered whilst in an unsound mind brought about by excessive drinking.' Port Adelaide Railway Mattees.— On August 1!) a deputation from the Port Ade laide Corporation waited on the Railway Com missioners to ask them to provide a waiting room and a ticket office on the Semaphore side of the Port Adelaide Railway Station. A sug gestion fov the provision of a clock indicator similar to that in use at the Adelaide Station was made, and various minor matters were brought under the notice of the Commissioners. At the meeting of the Council held on Thursday evening a reply to the deputation was read. The Com missioners considered that a suitable clock would be too costly, and, therefore, they were not prepared at the present time to incur the expenditure. There was not the. slightest necessity for a ticket office on the down plat form, nor was additional accommodation for ladies required. In regard to the openin? of the ordinary ticket office, the Cgajm.igsjon.erg replied that it wai open all day, and, therefore, they could not understand the request of the deputation for additional ticket* indow ac commodation. Railway Station at Ciultknham.— In September last a deputation waited upon the Railway Commissioners with the nqnatt that a railway station should be erooted on the Port line at Cheltenham. The Commissioners, after careful enquiry, have arrived at the con clusion that at present, and in existing cir cumstances, they would not be justified in incurring the expense. Port Adklatdk Corporation.— A some what protracted meeting of the Port Adelaide Corporation wai held on Thursday evening. The first act of the Counoil wai tocongratulate the Mayor (Mr. C. Tooker) upon bis re-eleotion to office for die third year. A considerable amount of time was spent in discussing the question of tbe Mayor's allowance. At a special meeting of the Council held on Satur day, December 10, it was decided to fix tbe allowance at £150. When the Mayor was informed of the decision he requested the Council to abolish the grant, and it was subsequently resolved to call a special meeting of the Council to rescind the motion. The special call of the Council came on during the ordinary business on Thursday evening, when Councillor Blair proposed that the motion making £150 the Mayoral allowance should be rescinded. This was seconded by Coun cillor Sigrist, but was lost, only three Coun cillors voting for the motion. Bankers' Institute.— One of the two candidates who passed at the recent examina tion in Melbourne for bankers who wish to become associated with the Bankers' Institute of Australasia was Mr. Spencer Kelly, of the Bank of Adelaide. Mr. Kelly passed with credit in practical banking, bookkeeping, arithmetic, and political economy. He is a son of Mr. Henry Kelly, a member of the Agricultural Bureau, and was educated at Prince Alfred College. Sudden Death.— A man named J. Noble was found by the police in a yard adjoining the Wheelwrights Arms, Roper ? street, yesterday morning, and as he appeared to be ill. Dr. Hynes was sent for. On hia arrival he pronounced the man to be suffering from alcoholic poisoning, and ordered his removal to the Hospital, where he died during the afternoon. The Coroner has been informed, and an inquest will be held to-day. Industrial School for the Blind.— Mr. M. H. Madge has shown us a horsehair olothefi brusb, made for the Hon. J. H. Angas, M.L.C., by blind workers. Mr. Angae's initials are formed of white hair amongst the black, and the bruth is neatly and strongly made. The Blind School are glad to receive gifts of rough horsehair combings, to turn to use in brushmaking. Rowntree's Cocoa and Chocolates.— Confectioners and storekeepers are invited to inspect our stock of plain and fancy chocolates tuitable for Xmae. Make an appointment with J. Featherstone, Genders's Buildings, Twin street, Adelaide. 344mwfc Intercolonial Cbicket.— Mr. J. Leaver proposes to give a hat to the player who has the best batting average on each side, and one to the player who has the best bowling average on each side in the forthcoming Intercolonial Cricket match, South Australia v. New South Wales. PEARCE'S LAVENDER WATER with Muak u an exquisitely refreshing and lasting Perfume. From all Chemistfl. 326mwfovld Received.— Scrymgour's Handy Diary for 1893\. This book is not only valuable to business men, but makes a capital house keeper's account and billbook and diary. A Fair, Beautiful Skin.— Sulpholine Soap gives the natural tint and peach-like Bloom of a perfect complexion, makes the Skin smooth, supple, healthy, comfortable Gd. Tablets. Everywhere. 92mwfo Walkeuville State Sciiool.— An exhibi tion of work by scholars of this school will be opened this afternoon. Speech Day,— Tho annual demonstration in connection with Way College will be held at the Victoria Hall this afternoon. To Cuhk Skin Diseases.— Sulpholine Lotion drives away all Eruptions, Pimples, Blotches, Redness, and Disfigurements, leaving a clear spotless skin Bottles. Sold everywhere. Qfovwio school oi- Design. — A lecture entitled 'The Art of the White Man' will be delivered this ovening. Extraordinary Vacancy. — Nominations of candidates for the office of Alderman will be received at the Town Clerk's office.. Ade laide, to- dav. TO OUR PATRONS AND THE PUBLIC IN GENERAL,-Both our Retail Grocery Establishments will be CLOSED on December 2G, 27, and 28. CH ARLICK EROTHERS, Cash Grocers, &o.; 319cz Samaritan Fund, Adelaide Hostital.— The annual meeting will be held at the Church Office, Leigh-street, this afternoon. To Dahken Gbkt Haib.— Lockyer's Sul phur Hair Restorer is the quickest, best, safest, and oheapeet. Large bottles, Is. Sd Everywhere 93mwfo Hardwicke College.— A concert in con nection with Hardwicke College will be given in the Adelaide Town Hill this evening. Christmas Bee.— A Christmas Bee will be opened in the Good rood Institute by Mrs. G. H. Cargeeg this evening. 