/ hOYE BETTER THAN I SACRIFICE: v AN INTERNATIONAL CONFLICT. , \v: B OSCAll PARK. .chapter ii t, I - STKAIXKti ItlXATIOdS. r. Tlioy wcro to Mtvrfc at eleven llm next morning. I To (v'.mcA«ngo from Mrs. Ihinlick, asking Mi«s 1 - bfowhrny whether alio would not go with tliein, i iiiqjhj hRflsontnn nfiirnmtivo 'inswer. It wna I n vlslt ahu liml whlictl to nmke, hut sho lmil not 1\. "I'toinn iWHiiumi Mioum uu ui iiicir 1\. .. 1'fttiy.' Sbe feltftnnoykcil thntMrn. Ilurdick should Ii.ifo menthmcil the proposed excursion while ho wns present, and yet sbu wm not to unjust aa io : . visit upon that lauy even tliccntlotof reproaches. . It waa iinfortmmtc ; Hint was nil. ffimior .. . Mnrconti had plainly not lost n coitnin real or assumed devotion, wliiclilmd declared itself somo motitiis heforo when ho had met her in l.ondon, ' . nud which oiTcndcd hor without her being able to say clearly why. heyond tlio fact that it wm< -dU . tasteful. - Nothing in tho nnturo . of n proposal \- had ever been mado to her by him. ami b!io '--could not my that 'at any moment of their ac- qnnintniico this man's conduct wok other than tuat of a gehtlcinnn, making nllowanccs fur tho . difTcrcuccs of expression licloncitig respectively to the Saxon and Latin races. Nevertheless, in all his intercourse with -her there was a warmth which chafed lior constantly, 'though it never np- fironchcd a limit whero sho felt justified in recent ng it.lt sccincd to her now' that she did not card 10 mane ouo ui mo parry ui uia carncrniiiH 11 no, too,wii3tohoof It jandfiliclindqnitomndcnpher mind that she would remain with her father for tho day. Not that thcro was any necessity for her services. Ho always declared peevishly to ©very such offer of hers, that his servant suited him better than nnyono else. .She went to : his sitting-room when sho left-tho party in tlio . drawing-room nnd gave him on account of tho evening. SI10 concluded it by saying M They nto All going to tho Catacombs to-niorrown and for a drive on tho Campngnn and lunch. They asked jno to go, but I prefer not." Ho had not looked at her or spoken during her account. Now with his cyesstifl on tho wood . lire Lcforc.hitn ho asked—'1 W Ito arc logo, do you. ' e»yt" "Mr. and Mrs. Ilurdick, Mr. Thorndon, Signor' Marconti. and tho young gentleman who tpoko to tt9 in tho Forum to-day. Air. Bowmen." , "I wish yon to go with thorn." Sho looked at linn iu surprise. He never spoko In this way hut for somo reason of weight with Iiim, nnd she could not conccivo what it might! portend. But her response to Mrs. Burdivk'a Inquiry wna—' 11 Yen, I shall go with you." \- There wcro two carriages for the party, and as they drew up at the doors of tho hotel Sienor Marconti stepped eagerly forward to assist mbi Mowbrayanusecuro a place hy horsldo. lforcyes bad caught the movement, and she impulsively tamed to Dornifon, who stood near her, and said, \- "Will yon rido with Mrs. 'Ilurdick and me, Air. Dormncn ! " Bormecn.wlth a quick flush of pleasure, stepped heforo tlio Italian without noticing the purpose of tho latter, over wiiik-c face passed an angry s.cowl, .But Dormsen saw nothing of it. and, after assist, inglho ladies to their places, followed them into tlio carriage. ThuKCcuiul carriage held tho other . iltrco gentlemen. They drove down the modern Via NationaJo with it monotonous vows of tall and tigly buildings; through the nnnow streets of . tlio older and pooler quartern between the Cap! \ tohno and tne- Quirimil ; near the spot whero ' Tarquinia drove Iter chariot over tlio ucad Imdy of . her father; past tho grim nrclies of tho Colossount; then between the gardened slopes I of tho l'alntino and CniHus, and the waste Innds of this deserted quarter of Bnnie; through tho ancient walls hy tlio gatonf St/Sebastian and into , . 1 tho Applan Way. They halted where a gateway opened on abroad gravel walk. "I have arranged," said. Signer Marconti, as thoy. all '.stood together at tlio entram-e, "for a : more extended walk' through tlio Catacombs than visitoni usually have." ' . , : ' 'J hoy posKcd on to'thp.'stccp stairway, made , at . fiome'rocent date for a uioro conimodiinm descent to tho passages below. To each was given a long . lighted taper, and presently they stood far under- gronnd on tho uneven snrfnec of tlio uppermost of these dismal tunnels. Everyone known, at least by description, thcgcncralfcaturcsof the CatneoinW, v, . :... but 110 one can con'coivo except d»y poivonal ex- : pcricnco .. tho honiblo deprc.-sion -wjiicli ever gathcre weight as you wind unwind in thnt in- ; terminable gravo. Upon all our party there cam© \- '-naudden silence, ns tholo3t ray of sunlight faded and their fitful torches threw strange, ghost- liko " gleams into the channelled spaces; brancliing over and anon from richt and left as they advanced, or on f omo pallid bones and skulls, grinning at tlicm from tho openod niches they were passing. They wero walking in a tunnel, whoso roof roso scaTCcly abovo tliolr heads j tho floor uneven / ". - and rugged ; tho walls so close together in places thattheirclotiiingninioatlouchcdoiieach aiuo tho rudely excavated atone. On they went, turning and winding, now on a sharp descent, and even, as it eeomcd, . plunging deeper and deeper Into tho v . - depths of tho earth, it heenmo too tearful to . enduro in silence, and a gaioty that was evidently forced and unnatural echoed along tho galleries. A romark, which coild bo tortured into tlio sem blance of a jest, would aroiiso peals of laughter. Totliinlc.in ailonco woa tortine. The place was enoiigh like a tomb," with'out.thocdcndlccs graves, ' to shako tho8touteflt. heart'unfamiliay with ita horrors ; bat toeveryono Ihe uncoliiiicd skeletons . half, disclosed fvmn' amid their hlnck sliadows ;;.v -,'uudor the passing 'glimmer1 of -tho tapers emphasised tfio terrors of tho placo. That man. . or. woman mufithavo ahcart of stone,- a spirit of r- wood, who can' . gounmovcd through tho Cutrv rr - cdmbs--' Ilpia not a coward who shrinks from it, and whoso' lip pales in thoso hideous vaulls : ' but ho who really feels the nameless terror ami '';.V : enduroB itis blessed with a courage of generous j. - never -end ?" muttered Christopher 'v.- Dormson to himsolf, as thoy seemed to go-deeper ' - > ami deeper. Jtio aionoor tnem an apyuuiuu iu have no heart even for tho till'cctcd hilarity of tho others. . A cold perspiration caught; tlio light 111 innumerable tiny drops all over his faco and ;.':; forohead. It was not the warmth of . that ' underground air, for ho ahivcrcd from tuuo to timo na thougli chilled. It, weighed upon him niorehorribly than a nightmare, from- which wo ! striigglo In vaip tohofrced. Thoclosc walls ucciued f 1 - -to' pre.8;upou hifl.lungs/ and tho lireath camo ; laboured as wilh ah.cflorfc. ' To him it;, was not j tho consciousness of tlio uses to which thoso awful ' pits wero put; not tho graves and their flcshlcsH "-- bonea that nmdo tho torturo so great, bat tho -1 ;"-8 .! BGi', so of conlinehicnt, of suffocation, of slow; death V . in lionclcsa gasna for air. IIo did not uncak. 116 \- heard tho voices— thojaughtcr of tho others, as 111 1 a dream one hears tho flpeee.Uof olhora from somo : vast distance. Hia miml caught. uosenso pf what' 1 wassaid. " ' ' ... , I IIo was walking juRt In front of Ahss 1 and behind Marconti.wlio wna following thcguido, ' Afr. Burdiclc waa tho lost. Ilisinteiebtwasnotso keen aa to make it probable ho wonld wander fropi tho parly, fio that they were very sure to romaiii a compact body, while ho was the last and thcguido fits. Somo remark of Mhft Mowbray 'h caused tho Italian toturu towards hor, and, mi lie did so, his . oyce fell on Borinsen'a face. Itwasiiiipoiblol lint his keep vision should not detect tho others dis tress, Ilia glauco. rested but an -inwtiuit on !ironnsoR,auu lie vurncu \- . Avithout speaking, though ho bad clearly looked : > Ibolnnd 1dm with tho purposQ of makmg soino reply, "f - -v lto Miss Mowbray. His bloodless lips became corn el J- . pressed, and bis oye3 peered down tho wnoxplorcd V ' -poBsages they passed with avinuictivo light wJueli ' i V . . \vas certainly not roused by tho empty gloom into , v which thoy laokod. ...Thoro . aro men, , with whom fancies rise into tho dignity of facte. unon tlio . unaided iinpulsu of tlicirown passions. 1Y0 think \ ordinarily, tliat'moUYCd to deeds of wrong, miwt : . bo justiiicd to the common bouso of mankind; . but, aaahvftvawlieii wo.'gcncrallse, wonmkoour rule too narrow, or omit to allow for. tho excopr ' Uunw. Andit is trito to nay that in no held at | pnssJblQ knowledge avp pxceplioiiHfio many and so \ juoxpjicablo oa to pur general- rules of mental - .. phenomena. . 1 Afr> Ilurdick, from bis post at tlio rpar, gavo ; ; . assqriinco frppi timo to time of li3l>icscnp6, Ills ; ' voicu pow. Rouiulcd along tluf lino before him, . I though mufllod by tho 'closa. and winding walls - V and roof. ' Wltut ri dreadful w/wto of labour this hi Couldn't they -grow inushrodniH down hero ?" " Alr.;Burdick," said his wifo reproachfully, " you nro incorrigible.: Iboliove you wonld turn. . . - tho cathedrals jnlo wiqo vaults If you '.conldbavo..- ' | "W/'nQ.'' ho ftusiYorod j "thoy don't us« llicao; things for any purpose now— except fo» | "S'oa, if' thin futlow w/ilks.us about rniich i lunro," said fburmlon, in a mmicwlint Indignant tono, ' I shall wbh we had ono of vyui waggons down licie, Mr. Burdiek, to tnke 'tis back. I think we have walked n rnuple of, mile Into theso endless holes, and they arc nil q>ii:o alike for anything 1 cnti seo. Ono group of galleries and frtiolvea am! family vaultrt and bona is just like nu'otlier group, flow they ever not to their own, or distinguished it when I hey did gel to it, is more than lean understand.' lie bad scarcely spoken, when a sudden turn brought them to the foot of tlio steps by which they bodentored, and n glimmer of unvliglitbroko upon them. Without retracing any of their steps, but liy a wide circuit, thoy Imu again readied thu entrance." Whon they stood once more in the day light oven th.o least . sensitive among them felt the relief— tho dear boousof light niitrutitrain- mellcd spooo. Dormson walked quickly awny , towards tho waiting carriages, and Mr. 'Burdiek followed Iiim, leaving tlio others chattering over tho strnngo oxpcrtcnco with a rebound to joynni life that was no longor affected. Dormson stood with "uncovered head, wining tlio iimisturo from hie forehead ami panting hard u though from nomo severe physical or mental ntrain, when Mr. Burdiek camo up to him. "It shames mo," said Bormsen, apologetically, " that 1 am so much affected by that grave." "Oh, nonsense 1" was tho reply, "wo all felt queer. It's, an uncomfortable Imlo, or series of holes rather. But I followed you up Wause f wanted to ask you something. . You'll excuse me, I know. I'm a blast fellow and usually sny what I think, and ask any questions that como into my head. Bo you know this Italian, Air, — what's his namo— Marconti 1 " " I Raw him yesterday, after tho (able tF/iot,', me urac nine. 1 no uoi Know mm more. "Has ho any grudge against yon— disliko ynu for anything, you know ? Ever got in lib way ? " " How could it be, Mr. Burdiek T No, I -niti ourunot. Wo havo nothing in common ; no." " Well, ho looked at yotl nnco while wo were down In the Catacombs, as though ho would like to bury you thcro and Icavo you. If I was in your placo I would keep an eye on him, utiles 1 was prepared to let him havo his own way." Tlio others wcro coming up to tlieiu Hignor Marconti walking with Mks Alovbray lxsldmi Mrs. Burdiek and Mr. Thorndon. "I hoped to have como in thccarringo with you, Miss Mowbray," he was saying. "Do ynu think I should havo joiued your party for (lie society of tho English enmtyi or tho American ?" "Tlicy aro my friends, Signor Marronti. 1 hope you will speak well of them, or at least not ill, whntcvor you may think." 'I No, pardon, Alba Mowbray! Nut your 'friends.' Thcro cannot bo a common ground between you nnd them. You cannot think tlicir thoughts. And the other— Alonsieur Dormson— I10 is ft boy ; hut I envied IrimhmirivUegc." He was watching her face clorcly, ntul saw the quick flush which overspread it and faded an quickly again. Ho placed his own interpretation upon it, but in fact it only arose because hii words recalled her impulsive net, hy which alio had spared herself this man's companionship in tho rido. There was no opportunity fur ninro. They had reached tho carriages nnd wcroRoun seated nnd on their way to their picnic ground, which mas to ho under tho shadow of tho arches of one of tho Aqueducts, whoso long lines Htrctch across tho Ouiroacna. It sens in deference to a whim of Mr. IhinlicR'H that the plnro u'os selected. T'o .Iiim thc:o waterways were fascinating in proportion to thcirahimlity. It was one of tlio mildest of tho Ilonian winter days, and the shadows tempered the warmth of the sun with their wclcouio shelter. Tho roliiug lovel of tho Caiupagna stretched awny on all Rides; here to the haze hovering above tho sea; there tn the long, gray walls of tlio ancient city ; nnd heforo them— to right and left — to tho foot of the Albnn mountains and tho Snhitio hill. Tho fresh gross sprang in. thick tufts uhnnt the foot of thu massive pillars of the Aqueduct, and. green lizards flaslied hero and thcro among tho leaves or over the grey stone... No sound of lifo reached 'them. Royonu and u-itl|in the circle of tlionc dis tant walls what life had throbbed for long ages 1 Am! there along tho lino of the Api>ian Waylay tiio ruincd tombs of those who hud walkcif tlio ptreota uf thoinavhlo city long b'ufuro'tho Avails ho>v looked upon were built. And nil about lay tlic desolate fcvbr-plugncd woKtcs, whero unco had been blooming gardens and waving holds of corn. ; "How much mora vividly," cxclnimcd Clara1 Mowbray, " I can picturo .the old life of Koine when 1 get awny from its distracting mixture of , all tlio ccniuriey, and only rcc its great wallrt from a spot like this. Aly fancy can put what it will , behind them now." j " I could be more enthusiastic almut it," half 1 grumbled Thorndon, " if thoy hod made their j water-pipe tight. Thnt is the second drop this Anucdiict has lenked into tnvneok." " Oh, this sort of thing, said Air. Burdiok, ! f lancing up at the old arch ahovo thorn with a ' ook of disgust, "this sort of thing is a sham, j When 1 think of tho general inutility of such a ! contrivance, and tho shameful waste of labour j and money in " j . "Air. Ihirdiek!" interrupted hia wife," havo you , any conception of tho delight of an unalloyed 1 holiday J". ' : . ".Or of conversation, withont vulgarity," naid j Marconti, in a tone pitched so low ns only torcnch the ear of Clara- Mowbray, near svhoni lie had placed himself. "It is bettor than coarseness," she answered, without looking at him. He bit iuh lip auil turned prcsontly to DorniBon.- " And you, AH. Dormscn, you lind this expanse moro generous than tho Catacombs of St. Cul lislus." . " Yes, tho Catacombs wcro appalling. I shall not repeat my visit." "Tliey are not' pleoeant, Mr. Dormsen. It is not. pleasant to bo lost in them, should you v think?" . "Why do you suggest such a horror T ' naked Miss Mowbray. . \- "Has it . over happoncd?,? Airs. Burilick in quired, with a'shuddcr. r: " Ah,' yes ! I will, show Mr. Dormson somo day," lio said, aa ho- turned again to that young man, " Bonietning interesting 111 ono or tnoimra- combs. I. will toko him to tlie spot whero a man once perished in awfal agony. A few stops moro would have brought him to tho light, but ho died iu tho darkness aud loneliness and horror -of his Euro fato." DonnBcn roso and walked away without reply- ing. Aldrconti looked aftor him with a sinister fiiiulo an his lips, which. Mr. Burdiok noted, if no ono else did. Clara Alowbray waa conscious that bouiu spirit, nob altogether a littlng guost at a pie- nio, waamoviugin their midst, but tTiofcolingpasscd ns tho lunch progressed, and a moro jovial temper asserted itscli among them all. - Evoii Alarcontl yielded to its influenco, though that was nut so rcumvknhlo perhaps, sinco his was a naturo that, j could plot ami parley at tho snnio timo. And Dormscn, while no uovcr could bo wholly himself t with a spirit so antagonistic to his own breathing I tlio tamo atmosphere with him, yet felt, as ho could not help feeling, tho influenco of tho bright day atu! gonial air and, moro than nil' besides, tho delight of a companionship which was beginning to movo him with strangoTorce, So tho early after noon wore on and tho shadows woro growing towards tho cast whon thoy started 011 their rotum drive. — (To bo coiifmitttfA - - A 1./1NOI1AI1Y was complaining mat eno couldnV . niako both ends meet. " Well,' said a border, why not mako ono enu Tcgeiuutva f . haitt Id tho father. whoso children aro so young tlmt lie oan dcludo them into tho belief that the pro cession is all thoro Is ot tho circus. ' SiLvr.11 dollars witli holos in them oro painfully numerous, but thoy oro ; not half so painfully numerous na boles without any silver dollars uround them. r ' ' An Englishman wont to Now York and put up a sign" Established in 180-1," and rather prided bim- eolf upon tho' antiquity of his establishment, Tim iiext day bis Yonkco rivaVuerose'tbo way burlesqued hia sign in tliie way;. "EstabliahcAytslcrdoy. No ' old goods 'on hand." . . A Limn follow flvo years old, who had been wear- ing undershirts much too email for him, was ono day,, ofter having been washed; put into 0 garment as niuch too largo as tho other had bcon too small, Gur pix-ycar-old sliruggcd Ids nhouldcra, shook himsolf, walked around, mid finally burst out with, "Ala, I do ' feel awful loncsomo in this shirt!'; j habvaut) students aro organising a total abeti- nenco sooioty, "froo from pledges, bigotry,- and Imnoi-tunity, and. based on " common bcuso, self-> tJpoct, ond . gcutlotnanlincss " Tho society will favour total abstinence, but a momborwiUbooiloweo freely'to witlidraw.from. tho. organisation- whenever ho'fluda th9 practice" of Uo'prinolplo. too much for hlr 