C!IAPTER V. COLONEL DE Ilo.AL. The ball which followed close upon the heels of the dramatic entertainment, was at its height. From the half circular gallery above the gay throng, it seemed that the play had just begun. Those who had taken part in the mimic scens here tofore were merged into tile picture, and added tone and color to it. An old clock of an:ique model, standing abave the baluetraded stairway, chimed an hour aftermtdnbight as C tlonel dle Ileal pissed onward with measured trea:l to tile suite of rooms beyand assigned to his use. lie had not changed one jot of his costume as Sir Giles Overreach, except the heavy wig. lie entered his rnom, to!k a wet -sponge, and carefully removed all traces of the dark lines whlich had been streaked upon his face by the cost'nlers, who had given it the hard, stern aspect of tie greedy, mtoney- grubhbing hero of MI:asin ger's drama. This accomplished to his satisfaction, tile Colonel stood before the huge mirror and complacently ttroked his large monsetache rellectively for some considerable time. At the further end of the apartment there was an old weather-beaten trunk standling on a chair. Torn portions of many labels of divers' colors still adhered to it, proving that it had beeu a great traveller in its day. Whatever might have been the subject of Colonel de RoIli's cogitations, they evi dently had sosme connecting link with the valise, for, his thinking lit endsed, he pro duced a key, unlocked the receptacle, and took therefrom some docaments, together part of an old newspaper. These heo thrust into his doublet. As Ite was about to close tile trunk a s:cond thought seemed to occur to him, for he plunged his hand amongst its miscellaneous contents, and drew forth a small revolver. " Gaston de lilal, you have existed in this beautiful world till you are old and grey, but your trust in human nature has not been improved by time srot tami. Trust noi one is a ooid maxim. The great est military geniusof anly time trusted his fritnsd Brutus, and Brutus murdered C;eiar. HIiulph ! rest there my friend till wanted," he continued in a muttered tone. "Whent one has to play with a skilled gamester it is well to have more than one trump card to hand." With the same measureod, soldierly tread. which appeared part and parcel of the manl, he went out along the corridor, smiling and Iuowing with courtly Crace to many who had taken possessiosn of the graud staircase tos ki-s and flirt, and as cellding a small flight of stairs branching theleefrom, entered a chamnber sitsated al most at the apex end at the Ibuilding. The ap:artlmsent was a sort of retreat or smoking room used by Ilsltou Ferhbrook, and on that account was held strictly private from all intrsilon by that gentle man's guests. Nevertheless, the Colonel marched in without ceremony. Hllton Fernbroik was seated, conning a rough chart spral out oin s table bue ford iniln, ewhile Ti:itihy Slhat p, his man, introducsed in thle irsat chapter of this history as tihe F.rrit, stood by, ready equipped, as if for along journey. The latter per'onti; e was evidently dis turbed at thle .isight of tile intruder, but Fershrook rose qli'uly .,ad bade his visitor welcome. "We will defer y.Ilr dep irture, Sharpe, until the morning,"j h, said, folding up the main and placi's it ien an iron sox, which le locked. t INw go." "Pray, don't lit me disturb you, my dear Fernbro tk," legan thie Colonel. "Be seated, sir.I Tie business is of little iapoirtance," jejoined Htilton, draw ing ans easy cllair towards tile fire. "Good night, Sharpe. Cse thie door." 'The Ferret bowal and retired, but not through the door iich de Roal Ihad en tered. He drew aside a thick curtain which divided th room from a deep re cess filled with useless guns. fishing tackle, &c.;, and made his exa through a low doorway behind it. The master of Fernbrook and his visitor sat in silence for ieveral iinutes after the departure of thi Ferret. "My son, I feel inquitive to-night," said the Colonelils his blandest lone after a long pause. " I'm afraid 1 have an noyed you by coming lie unexpected ly." "Not at all. Colonel 1o Roal is quite at liberty to go where lie pleases here at Fernlrook. But what; are your de sires ?" " What is behind that sreen 1" "Nothing but old lumbar accumulated, the Lord knows when or Low." "And the doorway there is in the re cess 1" "It leads to a passage opening to the stables below, that's all." " Humph! This is but a poor, unat tractive apartmlent, iasn cher, with so many at your command, and very much superior in the way of embellishments." Hilton Fernbrook turned and looked full in the face of his companion. "This room suits me," he responded slowly. "Hero I am secure from in trusion. Come air," he added more quickly, "you have not sought me in my den to ask silly questions at two o'clock in tihe nuornil." " No, my son, certainly not. By the bye, are you certain that we are free from intrusion 1" "As free as if we were out yonder on the ocean." " ood ! cried the Colonel in his usual smooth voice. "After all I have not ccmo to tell of ghosts and goblins, and of mur ders done at idnr.ight. Neither have I any s crets of church or state to unfold at this witching hour. .My dear boy, my solo errand is to show you a paragrlaph ill an old newspapl, r, whican ay possibly interest you." "Thank you. What newspaper is it ?" " The ' Sydney M[ornil, Ierald,' bear ingidate of 13:h IMarch, 18---," replied the Colonel. "Twelvo months ago:'." "Eactly." "The news is certainly stale." "But perhiaps none the less interesting I for all that. Some kind of informat:on, like old wine, is all the better for being ola. SL.all I read the pagrgraph 1" "Do so." De Roal drew his chair nearer to the table, on which stcd a small perfumned laimp. Placing ih:s gu!d eye glass with due care and nicety, he pulled forth the paper front his doublet and began to read. HIiltoni Fernorook looked at his com pauiou with a smilie, but it was the cold I habitual smiile of tlht. prac:leal sman of thei world. Above it the eyes gleamed with a sinister expression of dislike, and the brow frowned srtar the eyes like an over hat'ging thuisler eloil. " It is now asc:rtained beyond a doubt that the burning wreck seen by the ship Durhbam Castsle, en voyage to New Zea land, was none other than the scholner "Seaguli," which disappeared so mnysteri ously from this plrt some months ago. It will be remembered that the Captain of the "Seagul" engaged a crew of six men f r a voyage to To'nga, Fiji Islands. On the way the crew mutinied, and put the Skipper ashore on a small island within a day's sail of Haati, and there left him to his fate. By a pure chance Captain Bowls was discovered and taken on board the S.S. Stormbiird a month afterwards, and brougllt on to Sydney more dead than alive after terrible suffering." The reader paused, and looking at his companion, said " My son, what do you think of it ?" Hilton Fernbrook shrugged his broad shoulders. "Think of what, Colonel I What in terest can 1 have in the doings of such wretches 1" "Merely for study, dear boy. I know you are fond of describing the motive power which nioves the criminal class. Hear this-" It is known that one of the [mutinous crew engaged by Captain Bowls of the 'Seagull' was beyond doubt a noted criminal named Victor Mauprat. an escapee from Portland Prison, Eng land." " Rumor hath it that this convict is well educated aid and of good birth, his fattier being no less a personage than 31. Auguste do Mauprat, Consul at Port RIoyal, and his mother Berth Pierpoint, a Creole of good family in Jamaica, West Indies. He was sentenc d to seven years' penal servitude for killing a British officer in some gamb.unling brawl, and has, so far, managed to elude recapture. It is also believed that another of the crsw was forsmerly Mauprat's man or valet, and who, under thle non de splume of the 'Fer: ret' was known to Ithe continental police as the miost brilliant card- sharper of the day." Description of the escapec:- "Miauprat-age about 27. tall and gen tlemanly ; carriage, military; coim plexion, very dark, bht clear; head,long; hair, black iand curly; forehead, high; black piercing eyes. well cut nose siand mssuth ; frame, strongly built; hands ad feest small. 31aIupratl has a peculiar gaol mark upon hiis shoulder which should easily lead to the detec:ion of this dan gerous crisiinal." " Dues this picture remind you of any one you are acquainted, with, my dear Fernbriosk 1'' asks the Culonel, taking his glass frmIri Iis eye. " Whly should it, Colbnl de Iosal?" " Oblige me by lookilg iu yonder mir ror while I read this description of tlhe escaped coneict, Victor Miauprat," says tile Colonel, bhuldly. " Pshaw ! My dear sir," cried the young man with a shailp laugh, "your jesting is ill- timnd. Anuse yourself at siy expense if it so pleads you, but pray select a Imore fitting molel for. miy like ness." The Colonel fixed his glass and looked at himi with a cold staresf surprise, which had in it a subtle tiuch of satanic humour, which might have robbed an ordiuary individual of his self- posses. sion.-To be Contiused.l F .& 4 