TIIE EGYPTIAN QUESTION. The death of the Khedive may be expected to have one important result. It will hasten to a crisis the agitation for a new and nioi'e definite understanding with regard to British relationship to Egypt. Tewfik's lineal successor is but a youth of eighteen, and Franco will doubtless make the demise of the late rnler the occasion for a more than ordinarily persistent attempt to over throw British supremacy in the land of the Nile. But the chance o the Republic achieving her end in this direction is much more meagre to-day than it was but a short time since. Tho pressure that France and Kussia com bined were able to bring to bear on Turkey two or three months ago seemed likely to embarrass England considerably. The Sublime Porte became particularly pertinacious in its requests for the re newal of negotiations on the subject of British evacuation of the country. More recently, however, Turkey has been disposed to consult the wishes of Great Britain most in the matter. This change of attitude is no doubt partly due to tho firmness of Lord Salisbury and partially to France, now beginning to feel that ltussui is not bound hand and foot to her, not being so ener getic in her wire-pulling. Anyway, the statement that Turkey is in favour of a direct agreement with Eng land in regard to Egyptian affairs can only point one moral. That moral is that Turkey now prefers rather to deal with Great Britain alone in the settle ment of the Egyptian question than to call in the aid of the other Powers, or to make France a party to a conference ou the subject. This deduction is all the more plain and significant from the fact that it is apparentlj- the outcome of tho delibera tions of a Commission appointed at Con stantinople to consider the matter. Tlie decision itself has a pecular importance in that it utterly fails to recognise any right on the part of Franco to con sideration. The opponents of British rule in Egypt were greatly delighted by a reference to the topic in a recent speech by Mr. Gladstone at Newcastle. By many of them the remarks of the Liberal leader were construed into a policy of scuttle. The Conservative party generally in England found a like meaning in them. But while the former hailed tbe idea of such a poliey with jubilation the latter could find for it nothing but the severest censure. Whether, however, Mr. Gladstone's worth will -eally bear thin construction is wmevIiRt tfoufcift.*}. Here .they are. 'I shall indeed rejoice if, before the day comes for the present Adminis tration to give up tho ghost, it b« possible for Lord Salisbury to make r* effort to relieve us from that burdensome and embarrassing occupation of Egypt which, so long as it lasts, rely upon it must be a cause of weakness and sourc* of embarrassment which wo one entirely to engagements contracted by a. fovine* Tory Government, and the escape front which, I greatly fear, the present' Torj Government, improved as it is in its foreign policy, will, notwithstanding, hand over to its successors to deal with.'* This phrase, complex and carefully, framed though it be, leaves no doubt om one point. Mr. Gladstone does nofc believe in British occupation of Egypt. Whether he thought at the time he -'poke that it would be expedient for Oreak Britain at once to withdraw her troops from the country, or whether if returned to power he would feel justified m bring ing about that step is quite a dineren* matter. What is more, his words -la not actually commit him on these vital points. There aro undoubtedly ia«ny of his followers whose expressed opinion* are distinguished by lens UiHjerUintj, These claim that having restored order i* the country, and placed the n.ition?« finances upon a comparatively satis factory footing Great Britain has nc further reason for rem-iinii-g t.Jjcr», especially in view of the uudertil-ing given to leave on the com}-kt.vm 'of her mission. They urge, lmu-cover, that the Egyptians themselves arc anxious for British evacuation, and that English presence in the Tand is literally ' burdensome and embar rassing.' In time of war they saj tho Canal route ;ould not be rolic-d npo» for the shipping of merchandise ?»? t-roopn to India or Australia. Furtherm-irc, the maintenance of an army in Egypt would only decrease England's means oi «ufen-it elsewhere. Those views are not, how ever, shaved by the majority of the puupl* of England. Unfortunately also !V-r t hont who hold them, the English uiis-!-i-m i» Egypt is not complete. A great work has already been done, but si.il! moi'« remains to be accomplished. Th« securing of the frontiers, the suppression of brigandage, prohibition of forced labour, improvement of irrig.i:t'ii-. tht reorganizing of justice, the iv;»!.'ce.*itmi of law for the tyranny of the r^han, and the establishment of tho n^'ionaJ finances upon a comparatively s :und basis constitute n. record of which th« existing Administration in the I )u\ui of Hit Nile has unquestionably cause to lie juoud. But the fact cannot bo overlooked that the Egyptians have not yet hceoin* accustomed to the use of these fliiugit, and that with tho withdrawal o? British forces and authority the country would fall back in :\ few months to sis Wu\ bad state. Even supposing that England l-;td n« light to .-illow consideration of f.'ies* matters to iniluenco her -ii'ik-i, th» death of tlio Kodive ch.Migs-s, a* the Tuiti-n observes, the cmilifions of the whole prublem. It w-*ul*d never do for Great Brit-ibi to leave tlio couatrj at this juncture with a mere youth at the head of affairs. Chaos would soon reign' again. Judging from the i.«c --!' its Press not even France considers iht possibility of the country being loft io itself now. The demand from tlia-unaitei' apparently will be for the I'uwws to step in to prevent any further i&ancc; of British supremacy. It is -iltogct-httr difficult to see what would justify them i« icspondhigto such a request. They hav« no loam dunJi in Egypt whatever. Ah for France any right she ever had io n voice iw Egyptian affairs was wholly relinquished when she refused to bear a pavfc in the suppression of the rebellion of Arabi Pasha. The lute Khedive greatly helped to make British Government of Egypt possible, and through lm; successor England will no doubt strength™ Jm bold on the country. .Insolvency Statistics. — We have re ceived from Mr. George iSoarjy, th» Secretary of the Mercantile Trade Pro tection Association of South Au.slrul.ia,. the following comparative statement of insolvencies, assignments, ami deal ings with live stock and chattel! - during the hist eight yo.»rs: — Insolvencies (excluding unn-ilnmnls)— 1S84, 445; 1885, 338 : J8SK, 3G7 ; 1887, 208 ; 1888, 14:) : 1881), 128; 1890, 0i' ; 1891, 10' ». Assign ments—I 884, 188 ; 1885, 2-i.4! ; I83H, 318; 1887, '-J?-4 ; 1888, 11J4 ; JSS'J, H7 : 1890, 8U ; 18U1, 102. Bills of sale, live stock mortgages, and nupti.-l settle ments— 1884, J,4S7; 1885, 1,0*;:!: i-SSK, 2,200; 1887, 2,13U; 1888, l,3:.it'* ; I8Si», 1.4-J2; 1890, 1,194: 1891, 1,207. Jiirc agreements— 1884, nil ; 1885, isil : 183K, 27!-; 1887, .'15; 1888, 'M' ; 1H85», lou ; IS'JO, 112 ; 18131, U,J. Th* following is the analysis of t,'ie in solvencies and assignments lass; year: Artist, 1 ; agents and sharehrolrore, 11 : accountants, 2 ; butchers, 3 ; boiLinakers, 4 ; builders, 7 ; bakers, 3 ; bi.-u-ksmiths, 3 ; bottler, 1 ; coppersmith, ] : clerks, o ; cooper, 1 ; carter, 1 ; chaff merchant, .1 ; carpentur, 1 ; chemist, 3 ; cordial manufacturers, 2 ; dairyjj'«.;n, 2 : farmers and .-stockholders, 52 ; grocers,' 2 : greengrocers, 2 ; hotelkevjiei**, S ; labourers, 'So ; lively stablekc '??liei-s, 2 ; masrons, V-; miscellaneous, 17: ?I'creri-i.nt* and importers, 5 ; miners, o : medical practitioner, 1 ; miller, 1 ; j-]n:it!-ers. 2 : painters; *2 : publishers, 2; phot-'gi-rtphcr, 1 ; solicitor, 1 ; storekeepers. 15 c saddlers, 'J; tailors, 2; tobacc ??.?lists, 2; ?wine saloonkeepers, 2; wood Dtoivhimt, 1; watchmaker,. 1. The sable Is interesting as hliowing the «!c.*-!y im provement there was from Jij-Ss; tt» 18!'O. Last year the insolven. -Wh \ver» rather more numerotiH than in ].-'-0 : but less thau h.-.lf as numerous an in 1 887. Of couisc the figures for a euuiH ??eriow of years must always be ncceji'ed with caution : but we may fairly take thi* rcturn as showing that colonists have nok been slow to profit by the seven: Icssom they received during the terril-ii: depres sion which reached its climax in l^Bti. \V« regret to find that about halt of ihc insol vencies aiKi assignments last ye:::- were by farmersand stockholders; but, co.'i.sideiing the uncertainty of tho seasons and th» many difficulties theso producers en counter it is not surprising that fyuin of them havo to succumb to tinaucial disaster. The insolvencies amon-; store keepers w-;re not numerous, and this in nn evidence that business is conducted on safer lines than formerly. A Itogetlier the figures confirm the gcncr.il impres sion that the position of the colony has gradually become more firmly t'.MMi»hcfl ihan it was prior to the deprcs^R'H which began In jtjiis away about Ujiw: you* since. AiTixrc Chief Sbohbtaiiy.— Thu CoHuniu iioiicr of Cvimw Lands {lion. T. 1'layford) it I'evlonuii-g tlio dutiwi of Chief Seow.-t.-iry Snnifjj the ate-Ttce -if t-Be Hen. 0. G. KirKst«n. 1?ct,\ r. Commissions.— With tho exception of , the Uoails Commission the Royal Commissions | nani-tionml laeS session will -ia appointed j Mmrtly after the. departure «f tho Vrwmior for I Tuilia. It has bi.'«n hrpjoiI that tho appoint- j input of tho Roads C.immission nhall stand over | until after Mr. I'layfortl's return, j ThkSiiark Market. —Tho nur'tceton Vriiiny ' -i.umhi}» was firmer at noon than earlier in tho I «iy, and prices hnprow-Hl as tho hours passoiL j A t. the second meeting Brokmis wo.ro souglife at ; i'fi Us. tkl., ami tho market apixnra to bo i improving slowly. j NMV ZKAIAXO JfiOAH AXB MKI1CANTII.K ! Agency CoilTAJfV. — A cablo advice from tho j lx)D(]on office of this Company announces that j a dividend at the rate of 10 per cent, per j siinum lias been declared for tho year ending December 31. Tho net lirofifc for the same IH'riod was £f(2,D4D. of which £20,000 has been jilact-l totfie Hcservo Fund, bringing the same up in £23(1,000, and £8,821 carried forward. Thk National Task liOARn.— Tho Premier intends to appoint tho Board whit-it will have »ontiol of tho National Park before he leaves hi/ India. A number of names of suitable gentlemen have been forwarded to the Com missioner of Crown Lands by that section of the Koyal Society whose duty it is to tvy and effect the preservation of the fauna and fkrci of the -olony. The Doth a lborn. -The four-miutoti bawjne, Dnchalburn, on Friday hegan to daflhargG btr «iargo of coke at the stock o» the wharf near the Junction Smelting Works. It is not yet known whether these works will ha re started at once. Thk Kew KowftA'yjox Rroumtioss.— On Jfviday afternoon the Minister of Education ami tlio Ins)H--tor-Genf:r.il went through tho new regulations which have been prepared to t,'iv-- ctfeet to the wishes of tho Parliament as expressed in the now Education Act. and in a fnw days they will be submitted to Cabinet. Thft chiff alterations relate to tho free system and the election of ]3o;ir(la of Advice, b;ifc amongst other tilings encouragement is givun to vandidaUts for positions a.t teachers to take «p the eubjwts of horticulture and agriculture, ami provimon is also mado for instruction Wiufj given in thoso branches of learning in ttrtain cases whtru the teachers are admitted to be competent. It is, however, iutendott whorlly to appoint a .Board to eonsidei' and vesiort oji tho proposal? submitted in the Upper Horiso hy the Hon. G-. W. Cotton, end in tho 'Lower House by Air. Castine, rclativo to the inclusion of kssoita on agriculture iu tfic enr mulmu of tho State schools. Sir .Fohk J'iiat. — Wa understand that it is the intention of the Zoological and Aeelimati &itioD; Society to entertain Sir John Bray in tin? Rotunda of tlio Zoological (iarden on Thursday aflrrnoon nest. TfiB Rkv. C. A. Uebht.— This well-known Congregational Minister, v.ho sinco he was last in Adehudo has been tourintr the Australian Colonies', returned to thw city by tho Mel bourne fix press on .Friday morning -r»i route for England. Mr. Berry undertook tho tour ior the sikt! of his health, but although ho has kad a very cujoyablo timo hehosnnfortunately contracted a very eeverc cold, and immediately en his arrival hero went to bed. Mr. Berry leaves for London by the Ophir, which fvo\k on ITtdncEday. IS6J'Ection or Lj6hthol'.sk.i.— The steamer -Gorerr,or Mnsgravo left tho Semaphore early on Triday morning for tho annual inspection ?F lighthouse* and outports by tho Marino Board. The party consisted of Wardens Formby, Legoe, Phillips, and Hamilton, and lh« Engineer-in-Chief, and a number of light hOTse-keepers who had beeu on leave. 'ITio President (Mr. V, ?). r&imtereon;) will no5 fake part in this iii^pectinu, but wiiS probably cfi) on th« South- Ka^tcsu trip inabantthiva woeks1 t'rac. Tub Uawkki: V.'.vrai Sui'it.t. — With r-ference to the tclegmni from Hawker which appeared i»i Friday's Jiiyiita' rclatinif to the ?wafer supply tit t!i-; town and tho silting up of the reservoir, t!u- Enginccr-in-Ohiof states (hati iirrangoiti- nts have been completed for clearing the silt out of the dam as soon .is the work can be started. The Government havo devj.*«:tl ii schfTiiv.' for meeting tho daiuo-itie yj-fjnirwnent.i of the pnimlation, ruidtharois plenty of water for stcvjli in tiie railway ti Rcrvnir, ThK HtvniKKs' Lakou; DiKi-n-ut.TV. -Tiie Jonrncytucn Butchers' Union hava i?sn.?rl a .'?SateinMit in reference to the labour dispnto between c-rrtain members of their Society and the firm of JJveiw & Frost in connection with -li« rctt-ntion of a ncn-Unionmti employ^ in she service of the firm. The dispute ended in the withdrawal of the Unionist worker?, whilst the eftUHA of Messrs. Evens k Ifrosi; was championed by iho Employers' Union. Other nligiit complications have arisen, and tho Bntchr.ra' Union, fitter reciting the Facts, which tarn already Vsxn fully detailed in fcho Register, now snggesfc to the associated worknrs what is practically a boycott of the firrn r;i?!i which the difference iias ariitn. At'KTiiAU.srAN Sciexor Con'«;iikbS. — Mr. David MniTiiy, of Gawler-place, is repn.'sent iBg the South Australian Branch of thn Royal CJeographie.il Suciety of Australasia- at tho AuBtr:ri.imau Science Cougrcss now sit Sing in lanuceston. Mr. Murray will, in his capacity as delegaio from tlio fc'ociety, lay beforo the Congress numerous maps, pamiihleta, charts, and newspaper report* of the sloinff-f of the Elder Exploration and HcientiSi! Kiq)e;Htion. PA8SRXGEns? Li;-ifl.\6E O.V TUB ISTKR ?lontal Likk. — 'J'hsi Treasurer has cut heard rom the Victorian t.Joventinens with regard to i«e proposal to abolish thy .vystem of examin ing passongerft' higgsige »u the luteivolouial ^Railway. Tins Late Kiihdivb ok 1-'«yit.— Mobatneil Tewfik, Khedive ?-£ Egypt, whoss death Jfom inlluc-nza is amiouncid in n cable Mtssago to-day, vim horn in November, 1852, and therefore had nofc yeb completed his fortieth j'ear. 1I« was th« sixth rater of tho ?dynasty of Mehcinet AH. ind a «oh of Ismnil I. His first appointment of any conwunenee was that of President of th« C-jimcil, 8o which ke was elevated by L:s faibi'r, tli-n Kliedive, upon the dismiii-.il of Nubw lJa?!u in 1878.' Shortly afterwards, however, hn rcaijaed the position, and in August, iST:', he was formally installed as Khedive in sucivynon to bis father, wiio abdicated t)\': throne undsr jpressnre of tht* Brihisii and French li'.iveru wcntif. The moa» notoworthy iccirlwii in the reign of the now Kliedive tva* tho vob^ilion kvaded by Arabi in .1 S82, Yrht-it the in-iurgeuts were so success ml that tho Egyptian troops found it rrnitft impossible to quoll t-ho itiiturb sLtices which thty rai^d. JSo p\'a**?d ws« tlvo Hominall}' dominant power as tii'j lima that tlia.Khedi\f! had in li;av« hw r*-.*idi-7j;:e for a while ; but lie retunit't to it nhi'.v ihn final ron* of the rebels as 'iVl t;l-l\ebir. rolJowinj; ?that rising came iho tvonulc-s i:i the Saudau with thrir tragic assoc-iation*., whicii are *iid to have caused to th« Khedive :tryat jocKOiUil grief and anxiety, which sieviou'ly affected his lioaltb. Kcr, acfurdinir £?- thi h^-.b aulhoritii's, Towfilc was nut as ujoit I'liryptiana rulers had been. Though dmned to b.i wa-ik in })nv|»a« -and snpersensitive, iia w&t.; a man of singularly I«imaneandaiu»a\\)leiu3t'.iw:t«. During the terriblo visitation of cholera in Ecrypfc in 1§S3, he won thulove of his [jeopje by iiitLictiig uwon pet genially Tisiting, .*yai]M«h!sii!^ wiih, R»d a^i^Linj; the wifortnuato victims of the plague. This ho continued ro t'o in spits of the urgent oflioial resninders v.hj'jh he r.;e.jtvod of tho grtat ssnonal risk he w.i.-, running. His wife, thePrinctssEniineh, to whom h»wa3 married in ?January. IS78, .ici-O5!ip;iai-!:l him on Miceo ot.vasion?, ami also bebav^i -f.-ni: 'ivit ftniragu m hor kindly riiiwioo. Tho Prino3«s was tho daugher of El Haiuy Pa^na. Tho Khedive, -who was strongly opposed to pjly sainy as he was to slavery, leave.; b&ridas; his ?.vidon; two turn— the litir apparent, Abbas, who is in hi* eighteenth year, and Mphemcfc All,' who was botn in lSVti—and Swr. davigbtors, -on? born in l.STij, and thn nfchor in li*-?!. Tlw Jitfeo Kheilivn was a prominent T'rpema«»n, and ?tho LicutimanUioveruor and Chief .fiKiif.j of South Anstvivli.1 (Hon. S. J. Way), when ftmnd Muster of tbo Soirtlj Austraiian C:« ^tifntion, was deeorat«-l in Mullxmme H-ith tho JJO Egypftan degreo in couaection with an Onter of which tJw Khcdivo »v.i.* Grand .V'aritcr. ?run Law. Uu. 1. G. IIdkv, C.\r.fJ.— 1L-. ?John C'ashel Lloey, Secretary to the Victorian fiovernment Agency in London, whoso death is announced by our English cabk-?, was the. eldest son of Jlr. Guild V. lloey, of Dnudallt, Qk-nnty Loulh. Ireland, and sometimo of €har)efitOD, Unitml States of America. Bom i» Wl» bf van ediKatcd stt 8t. Pa- trseWV: CoJ loge, Armagh, and bfeame associated with journalism at an early age. Ho was one of the principal writers for several years and for a time Editor of tho Nation. Admitted to the Bar at tho Middle Temple in 1SU1, ho was afterwards prominently connected with tho Dublin Jltvkw. The deceased gentleman had » good deal to do with the Australian Colonies in his time, and in 1872-3 he was a member of the Board of Advico and Secretary to tho Agent-General for Victoria in London, in 387-4-1) Secretary to the Agent-General for How Zealand, and eIiico then Secretary to the Agent-Gejifcral for Victoria. To Inter national Exhibitions held in the Australian Colonies ho devoted considerable attention. He was Secretary to tho London Committees for tho Melbourne Expositions of 1880 and 1883 and to the Colonial Museum Committee. He urns created a Companion of the Order of St. IMieluivl and St. Ueorgo in 1881, and was a Knight of the Orders of Malta, l&ste;, l'ins IX., Francis T., and El C;ui-]ad, as well as a Fellow of the J toman Catholic Academy of the Catholic Ticligion. In 1858 iiowas married to !Fran««s, dsiughtur of Mr. C. IJ. Johnston ami widow of Mr. Adam Murray Stewart. Like her late husband, Mrs. Hoey has achieved dis tinction in tho newspajKrrs. She is a well known writer to Australian journals. Tub Latk Mr. David Jamkh.— The late Mr. David James, who passed away at his resident^.', Willaston, on Thursday, January 7, was a colonist of forty-two years, and ono of the most prominent agriculturists of the Tcmj-.l-:rs district for upwards of twenty years. Mr. Jami's was a native of Welshpool, Mont gmnuryshiri1, but when a young man ho wenfc to LoiHitm ;ijul joined the 1st Battalion of the -4rtii;uiiir tii;u-'!s. When he bought hhdw chur^n orifiii. years later )w was acting seifKsvnt, ami received a lirst-elass cerciiic-ate. On arriving in Sonth .Australia he resided at the Slnrt for a little w-iil'-, aud then went to the Vi;:toriiin diggings. On rctuniing ha started agricultural pursuits on tho Gawier I'liiinsf. but shortly after settled at Tcinplen-, whei t'lit:--tintin;i!!d toresideuntil hereSinqnisbetl agriculturt'. J-.fn has t:v--d in Willaston for ek-vf-ii yi'iuj--. Tii« di-c:;ased had attained tlio 2},'e of si»vfnty-five years, and leaves a ttridow, ouo son (Mr. I'\ 'J'. .lanie.s, Templar-*), ami two daughters (Mrs. -7ohn Forrr.st, Port WalteSeW, auil Mrs. W. .). (.Jeorge, Adelaide). HoKOiniH.' Mr. Albert Molineux. formerly .AKrieult.uial .Editor of the QIwki; and now Secretary to the Agricultwal Huiv.au, who has for «on»: years been a 1'Vilov/ of the Koyal liorticnJlniTil Society of England, received by the last mail an intimation that he hud been ekvted a Fellow of the Liniiiuan Society of Enghiud. Mv. Sfjilincux now h:w the risrht to ajiptnd to his nam»» the initials iMl.U.S. and y. J.-.H. Tin* latest honour conferred njiyn him is given apart from his ger.er.il .issoi.'iation with ?ciontifii! movements, un account of his work in connection with th« solution of tlio question whether the Kchidnahyfitrix is oviparous, and with the discovery of the new marsupial in tho J.'orth, which has aineo teen described by Dr. Stirling. Misconduct in* Railway Cabuiacks.— The oflicers of the Railway Department are making good progress with their investigation into the alleged charges of misconduct which were levelled against a number of passengers who travelled in a late Port train en Christmas Eve. Tho Railway Commissioners ordered this enquiry with a view to prosecuting the offenders, and as far as possible they intend to make it a warning to unruly travellers. Tue Ist.iXGT.ON Workshops. — The extensive locomotive workshops at Islington when com pleted will bo tue finest buildings of their kind 3outh of the line. Already some 400 mechanics we employed in the shops and in the hand some suite of offices close by are the draftsmen mi clerks connected with the department. Die building intended for the blacksmiths and boilermakers is completed, and ono forgo is xt work. Foundations for tho large steam* hammers have been laid, and in the course of a tew weeks a large body of men will 1« aoo.ini cnodated in this commodious building. The Bnginc-shops and running-shod aro already full, and it is an interesting sight to see such a large body of men under one rjof ;md engaged in so many different duties, and to near tho continual buzz of the massive machinery. The cranes in these sheds aro a =pvei:il feature, and by the slightest pressure of a linger one man can lift up to fifty tons and carry it from ona end of the shop to another. The carpenters' and carriago-ma kens' shop is already full of busy mon engaged in the construction of rolling - stock. The offices, into which Mr. T. Roberts (Loco Engineer), together with his staff, will go so Boon as tlio telephone- is laid on, aro extensive and coinplete, leaving nothing to bo desired. At a convenient distance tharn is a largo dining-room where the workmen havo their meal*, and a kitchen close by where a little cooking «m be done. There is a room where the chessplayers may amuse themselves, and upstairs provision is mailo for a lecture-room and classroom, where, in tho event of workmen and apprentices residing in the locality, suitable instruction wight be given. Tho workshops are most complete, and reflect considerable credit on those who designed them and have superintended their building. Tiik Ctawj.eh Watheworks. — Jnst before liin prorogation uf {.'arliaraenb the lion. J. Martin, M.L.C., called attention to the Gav/!er waterworks end criticised the proposals to increase, the snpply. At his rcgufrs's the Commissioner of Crown Lands promised to get a -report from tho Government Geoloyisi. This has now bmi obtained, and is as follows : — *' 1 hav-i vNittrfl Gawler and obtained ;dl the information resiweting the point raised by the ifon. Sir. Martin, to tho effect that any increased drawine from tiro Government well at that place would deprive the private wells of th»:ir supply of fresh water and cause tho in flux of ialt water. 'The information gleaned liaa been supplied to me psineipnlly by Mr. Warren and other local residents, in respects to the private wells, aud by the engineer in charge of the waterworks a3 to the Go vernment well. From their statements I am led to believe that although pumping water fioin the Government well may have the effect of draining some of the local wells, which ara of shallow depth comparatively, ifc will not cauee a failure of the general supply nor occa sion an influx of salt water. Tlio Government well is suuk in the tertiary formation, and derives its supply of water from a lower drifb deposit than that which the private looal wolh have reached, the two beds of drifn being separated by a thin stratmm of clay. I sun of opinion that there is an enormous supply of water in this lower drift, and that provided that tho Government well were carried down in its full dimensions to the depth penetrated hy tho present tubes (which may bo partially choked ov destroyed) the supply obtainable would h«- sniSicienS for all requirements. With lcgard to drainine the private wells the only remedy would be to sink them to a greater depth, dctt-miiuublo by the character of the .strata that might he. encountered, whether Urtiary drifts or primary ulatiw.— 1L Y. L. IJkown, Government Geologist.' ?Reti:k:; or Dii. Tj-jcmei.iiaxn-.— Dr. Tcichsl ni.inn retuvntti to the oolony by tiis steamer Adclaidu item Meluauriie on Thursday, after an abseace of nearly ten year.*, during which period lie has hteu engaged in thu study and practice of medicino and surgery in iho City of Birmingham. Dr. Tsichelni;uiu was educated in this colony, and before leaving for England was assistant with tho lata Dr. Gethiug and with Dr. Toll at Port Adclside. He has been a successful student of tlm Tiirminghaiu Mcdicd .School, ,iud subsequently to taking his degree held several pojitionsof importance, both on the teaching and hospital staffs of the Jlirniinjflum Hospital. Dr. Teichelmann has been Resident Medical Assistant at the General Ilnspit:*!, I.inningham ; Assistant Houho Surgeon at tlie Jaffray tjubiir'uan Ho*}iital ; and later, Resident Pathologist to the General Hospital, Birmingham. He has also heli] the position of Assistant to the Professor of Auntoiny in Quoeirs College, and Denumstnitor of Physiology iu tho Mason Science College of Birmingham. The moss im portant experience, hor.'ortr, gained by the doctor was during the eighteen months ha acted a* asEs?t*nt to Mr. Lawson Tait, the well-known gynweohigUk. He remained behind fur some sinw to fill thi* poittion, and will make ibis branch his special study and practice. Dr. Teichslmanu tv^igned iho ap paintniout of £k-nior jleaidi-ut Jledieal Officer to the 'l?;riiiiiii:!i:ii)i Workhouse to join Dc. Toll at Port Adelotda Ho oamo to Aiwti-alia m doctor of tho Anchor Liner Yarrawonqa, ivliicb, J'BV.ever, *?k$ «f)t» touch Itsre. After a short stay in Melbonrno tho doctor returned by tho Adelaide, and will now enter upon his duties. Kakgaiioos os Kangaroo Island.— Mr. C. Withail, of Queenscliffe Police Station, has report* i to the Chief Secretary that bbenin.* kangaroos recently brought from tho island were not the last of the marsupial tribe there. He states that there are at least 100 still on the island in various localities. In accord ance with the provisions of the Kangaroo Pro tection Act these, animals will be protected. Building in Currie- street.— On the site of Pridmore's grain store, in Currie-street, Messrs. Weidenhöfer & Co. intend to erect a building for auctioneering purposes. The new mart will have a depth of 90 ft. x 25 ft., with a height of 17 ft. 6 in. from the street. The building, which will have basement and ground floor, will be constructed of brick and cement, and have all the conveniences as regards light ventilation, and general accommodation that modern architectural skill has provided. An hydraulic lift will be erected in the mart, which when finished, judging by the plans, will add considerably to the architectural beauty of the street. Messrs. Evans & Evans are the architects, and Mr. W. Rogers is the contractor. The Moonta Sthikk.— A correspondent writes : — ' Over 200 men havo boen paid off at the Wallaroo MineB, and are now out of work ; but an opportunity was afforded them lately of taking contract work, par ticulars of which have been posted upjn the Mines for about a fortnight past. The tenders sent in by tho men were considered too high, and were consequently not accepted. The miners are at liberty to tender again, but; instigated, it is said, by tho A.M. A., they will not do so. They intend towait on the Mayor of Kadinaand auk him to call a public meeting to influence the tradespeople of the town to supply them with stores at cost price.' Fauts aiiow Victoria.-— Mr. Hayter, the i Government Statist of Victoria, has s«n6 us a ; copy of a pamphlet setting out simply and couciw-'ly all tho moro important faets relating to iho colony -:f Victoria, special reference being made to the colony's financial position. . The statements aro uiost reassuring, and form an effective reply to detractors of our go-ahead neighbour. Homestkads Lr.uji.'K.— On Wednesday the executive held their usual meeting, the Presi dent (iho Hon. D. M. Charleston, M.L.C.) in j the chiiir. It was reported that recently at j the invitation of the blo.?kers tho Hon. J. G. j Jenkins, M.P., and the President of the i League visited tho working men's blocks at ] Goodwood. Tlio visitors were much pleased j with the improvements made by the bloukers | during tho comparatively short time that they I had been m occupation of tho land. It was resolved that the Commissioner of Crown ; Lands chould bo asked to fix a time for adepu- , tation to wait tipon him on several matters— especially that the regulations under th Blockers Loans Act might be framed in a way to promote the settlement of the right sort of men on the land, however destitute of means they might be. The meeting was informed that instructions had been given to proceed with the survey of the land at Gawlor. It was stated that great inconvenience had been j inflicted upon persons desirous of taking up j blocks for want of knowing which of them were open for application. Notably had this been the case at Kilkenny, so much so that i opponents of the scheme said the blocks were not wanted, while at the timo men were taking great pains to discover whether any were open for application. The President (the Hon. D. M. Charleston) was deputed to enquire into questions affecting tho blocks at Ivapunda on tho spot, and it was hoped that when tho Land Board sat nosb timo tho applicants would be more successful. The executive were not surprised to find that tho persons who asked the Government to purchase tlie land at Petersburg in expectation of getting a block convenient for them on Torr's section had not applied when blocks were oifered on Anderson's section. The committee resolved to make further enquiry into the matter. It was proposed that during the recess tho President should visit localities where thero aro branches of the League and further assure the association and the pnblic na to the position and prospects of tho bloukers in various parts of the colony, and also encourage those whose names are noi already on the electoral rolls to get them registered. A rote of thanks to tho editor of the Garden and Fiild for his liberality in supplying thai monthly to bloekcrs at a greatly reduced price was passed. Tlie Secretary was requested to write congratulating tho founders of tho Vic torian Homesteads League- upon tho successful starting of their Association. Enquiry was made as to when the aboriginal sections near Angaston would bo surveyed. Pbeskktatios.— On the evening of Thurs day, January 7, a number of tho employes of Mr. L, Conrad met at that gentleman's' resi dence on East-terrace, forthepurpose of present ing Mrs. Conrad with a very handsome gold bracelet, bearing the following inscription :— ' Presented to Mrs. L. Conrad by the employes of L. Conrad, Esq., J.P., January, 1.31)2.'' Mr. II. Bray in making tho presenta tion on behalf of his fellow employes to Mrs. Conrad, bore testimony to the many good qualities of that lady, and to her at all times genial and kindly nature to those who were engaged in the business conducted by Mrs. Conrad. Mr. Bauer, representing the Port establishment, endorsed the remarks of Mr. Bray in a very happy manner. Mrs. Conrad in reply thanked the gentlemen present for their handsome presentation, and hoped that she might be long spared to wear that emblem of their kindly feeling towards her. Mr. Conrad also in a few suitable remarks thanked tho employes for their kindly feeling towards Mrs. Conrad, himself, and family, and trusted that such good feeling might always exist. Messrs. Leo, Albert, Louis, and Arthur Conrad also responded. Mrs. Conrad then invited all present to partake of some light refresh ments, after which an adjournment was made to the drawing-room, whore a very pleasant hour was passed, the Misses Conrad (2), Mrs. L. Conrad, jun., and Miss Morton, of Mel bourne, contributing greatly to the enjoyment of the evening, as also did Mos-rs. Graupnor, Bauer, Bray, Twgloan, and A. S. and L, Conrad, jun., and O. Ziegler. A very hearty vote of thanks was tendered by Mr. Bray on behalf of tho employes to Mr. and Mrs. Conrad for tho enjoyable evening spent. The presenta tion bracelet was the handiwork of Messrs. Church ft Isaacs, of Uindloy street, and re flected great credit ivjjou those gentlemen. Kavin«r Bank —Tho monthly report of tho Bank for December, 1801, was as follows:— Number of new depositors at Adelaide, 3S8, aud 32 accounts reopened ; total, 420. New de positors at lol agencies 343, and 20 accounts reopened ; total, 3(53; grand total, 7S3. Number of accounts closed at Adelaide, 302 ; closed at 331 agencies, 153 ; total closed, 545. Increase of depositors, 338 ; present number of doixwi tors, 70,091. lleceipts from depositors, Ade laide, £72.127 Iu3.; from 131 agencies, £29,«S2fl lUs. 4d.; total, £101,057 5s. 4d. Re payments to depositors, Adelaide, £89,796108/ 10d.; to 131 agencies, £2(5,508 10a. iM.; total, £lOG,55tf5 Is. 4d. Increase of deposits, W.407 Ite. A-oii)K.ntai. Dkath.— On Friday morning, January 8, the City Coroner (Dr. Whittell) held ;m enquiry at Port Adelaide as to the cause of death of Henry John Brown, who was killed by being run over by a milk cart at Glanvilleon Thursday. A verdict of accidental death was returned. The Wattle Market.— Tho sudden fall in the price of wattle-bark in London will have a rather serious effect upon the trade here. The Mount Barter Courier, pub lished in the centre of one of our principal wattle-producing districts, writes :— 'Messrs. James Ilill k Son3, the local agents for tho Broadlcaf Syndicate, inform us that bark has come in in such quantities that they now cancel all quotations, except ab Millicent. The. kiw.price ruling has been the means of causing the Echunga and LittlehampSon tannage factories to refrain from entering into operations this season. VAN DIEMEN'S LAND BANK.— The Hobart correspondent of the Melbourne Standard says the trustees of the Bank of Van Diemen's Land, Messrs. G. P. Fitzgerald and William Hart, announce that payment of a second dividend of 1s. in the pound to depositors will be made on February 3. The first dividend of 4s. in the pound was paid on December 3, re- leasing £196,000, including payment to the Government of £40,000 on account of the note issue. The liabilities of the Bank on August 1 last totalled about £960,000, and in addition to the dividend of 3s. a reduction in liabilities, equalling about £130,000, was made by the pay- ment of secured advances from other Banks, drafts on London, and contra accounts. The outstanding liabilities were thus reduced to £634,000 after the payment of the first divi- dend. A PRINCELY BENEFACTOR.— The Limuean Society of New South Wales has issued a circular (says an exchange) in memory of the late Sir William Macleay, M.L.C., who was so long and honourably associated with the As sociation. In his annual address to the Society, just a year ago, the then President, Professor Stephens, announced that Sir W. Macleay had arranged to bequeath tho sum of £3'-,000 for the establishment of four ' Limvean Fellow ships,' of the annual value of £400 each, and, according to tho circular, tho above statement) may be supplemented as follows : — ' By deed of December 5, 1890, Sir William transferred to the Society the Linmcan Hall, with tho land on which it Btands, having a frontage of 179 ft. to Bay-street by a depth of 120 ft., and by deed of the same day by way of endowment a mortgage of £14,000, bearing interest at the rate of 0 per cent, per annum. The amount of tho endowment has been etill further in creased by a bequest of £o\000. The will also provides, subject to one life-interest, for tho future cstablishmont of the Linnxan Fellow ships mentioned above. To the University of Sydney, in addition to tho Macleay collection, valued at £23,000, and tho sum of £0,000 to provide salary for the curator, handed over to Iho University during his lifetime— Sir William has on certain conditions made provision under his will for a future gift of the sum of £12,000 for tho establishment of a chair or lectureship for bactfriology.' Victorias Poutks.— It has been virtually -lu;iued (says tlw Argus of January 7) that Mr. Mnnro is to be appointed Sir Graham Berry's successor as Agent-General. The Premier, who had been absent from tho «;ity since the prorogation of Parliament, returned yesterday, when ho had an interview with Mr. Shiuls and Sir Frederick Sargood respecting nu appointment to the position. Mr. Mtmro suggested considerations which might alfoofc thi- proposal to npjwint him, but his oolicaguos wire of opinion that no insurmountable diffi culty existed. Mr. Munro then intimated that ho would take until Tuesday next to definitely make up his mind on the matter. A meeting of all the members of the Cabinet will be held on that day, when it is expected thai arrangements will be wade for the instalment of Mr. Munro in his now office, and also for a rceonstitution of tho Government. In the uvwnt of Mr. Munro's retirement from tho Ministry there is little doubt that he will be succeeded as Premier and Treasurer by Mr. Shiels, who will retain his position as Attor ney-General, but will relinquish tho portfolio of Minister of Railways in favour of Mr. Wheeler. Tho last-named gentleman will con tinue to hold office as Commissioner of Public Works. It is not likely that there will bo any other changes in the Cabinet. Mr. Shiels will go to the country as a thoroughly ' liberal' leader, prepared to espouse without question such prinoiples as one-man-one-voto. The Argus further suggests that Mr. Shiels will only lead ior a time, and that the Cabinet will ulti mately seek a Premier outside of its own ranks. Finis at BnOKEN Hill— The correspondent of the Argus at Broken Hill wired on Wednes day : — 'A fire broko out in a thickly built part Df the town last night. Two residents gave the last few hundred gallons they had in their underground tanks, and a disaster was averted. The only thing possible here when fires occur uow is to attempt to smother them with dust, und pull down tho adjacent buildings. An Dther fire broke out this evening in Chapman's boardinghouse, Oxide-streot. It spread to other wooden buildings near consisting of the offices of the Shearer's Union, &c.; No water was ob tainable. A stone building at the rear, occupied and owned by Mr. Waugh, printer, was next attacked. Nothing could be done, and the building was soon putted. The stosk and plant were worth £2,000 at least. Lyons's timber-yard, at the rear, was next threatened. The fire swept up Oxide-street until it reached Sayers's Crown Hotel and brcwory, a large wooden building. The furniture was removed in anticipation of danger, and was strewed in the street, and much damagsd. By the great efforts of the fire brigade and the people the progress of the fire was at length arrested. The total damage must reach £0,000 or £7,000.' Vital Statistics.— The number of births and deaths registered in tho General Register Office during tlie weekended Saturday, January 2\. 1892, were:— Births, 85 males, 90 females ; deaths, 41 males, 51 females ; total, 175 births, 92 deaths. Excess of births, 83. Tho District of Adelaide— Births, 12 males, 22 females ; deaths, 13 males, 22 females ; total, 34 births. 35 deaths. Excess of deaths, I. One Tnuti Delights Everyone.— If your hair is grey or falling out use Mrs. S. A. Alien's World's Hair Restorer, which never fails to restore grey hair to its natural colour, removing dandruff, and strengthening the hair. Try it. Sold everywhere. \ Banquet to Sin John C. Brat.— The Secretaries inform us that Mr. W. Gilbert, of PcwBey Vale, has notified Mr. John Itounse vell that he will send a deev froai the herd oa his estate for the banquet to be given iu the Town Hall on the 19th inst. to Sir John C. Bray. JST Miss Mary Anderson, our beautiful cousin, is good enough to say of Peaks Soap :— ' I Have used it for two years with the greatest satisfaction, for I find it the very best.' Peaks' Soap for toilet and nursery. Specially prepared for the delicate skin of ladies and children. 134so Received.— From the Editor (Rev. J. H. Williams), the South Australian Primitive Methodist for January. This number contains a memorial sermon on the late Rev. Hugh Gilmore, preached by the Rev. John Watson, in George-street Chapel, Chester, on November 1 last. Pearce's Tricomos removes Scurf and Dan druff, prevents frreyness, dryness, and harsh ness of the hair, and ib the beat possible application for use after shaving, leaving the ?kin smooth and soft. Sold by all Chemists. 271cvd Glenelg Railways. — Elsewhere tho GIi-TicIr Railway Company notify that six penny fares will be in force to- day, and that tho trains will run half-hourly in the after noon. The 1.15 down express will stop at Goodwood. The Rainfall.— Tho following is the rain fall for tho twenty- four horn's endinir Jannarv 8, !) n.m. :— Port Darwin, 0'140; Daly Waters. 0-120; Barrow Creek, 0\\-J!0: Millicant, 0*010. ' A concentrated preparation of Eucalyptu-: leaves is now on tho market in the form 0 Bickford's Eucalyptus Jubes, a pleasant medicinal compound containing all the virtues of the eucalyptus. Colds prevented by taking two or three jubes. In Is. boxes. Sold by clmimists and storekoepsra. 293shmvd East Adelaide Election. — Mr. J. Z. Sellar announces his candidature. He will t-peak in tlie Town Hall on January 12. 'inebest pieparation of eucalyptus is Bick ford's Extract of Eucalyptus, containing all the volatile properties of tho leaves. Tho groat care in distilling renders Bickford's Concen trated Extract infinitely superior to any other preparation of eucalyptus. Dose — Two to five drops on sugar every two hours. Five to ten drops on the handkerchief will keep av/ay colds. Sold in bottles, Is. 3d. each. Ask for Bickford's Extract of Eucalyptus. 293thscvd Bahki'.all. — The Adelaide and Goodwood Clubs will play a championship game on tho Adelaide Oval this afternoon. 