^ARS PITHILY PUT. More . Portraits. , The elections, Befision courts, r . , . - ? Our riew advertisers. ' ? ' * Caring for the distressed. Waiting for budget startlers. Trabran A.N.A. and the doctors. ' Jucroased nlunicipal rating inevitable. What about 11 three per cent' meetings. ' Our Local History 11 in another column, More pictures for the Prahran Art Gallery. . Another portrait for Our Oallpry next getnrdaj. . . _ 4' ' temperance movement — working the pcmpAanSle. Anticipated fall of 20 per cent net in ratable property. Fitegcrald Bros* great circus still booms in JSpanstou-stroct. Bcjgistiation of Firms Bill— more grand motherly legislation Exciting municipal contest for the Soutli Wan), St Kilda, next month. Our worthy ex-mayor Baldcrson graces Our Gallery of Portraits to-day. Another financial disaster— tbe Victorian Mutual and Investment Society. 'AflbitfattstTC idea-— a£entleman is one ' . ' who bas no business in. the world. . 6t, Kilda council now employ 29G men of whom li20 are stonebreakers. Gorcrmncnt municipal subsidy to be xeduced— moro municipal worries. Dr. ' W. H. Enabling on ' Garibaldi ' at '. Balaclava next Thursday evening. Terrible fire at St. John's, Newfoundland —£4,000,000 of property destroyed. . ,rBad bs things are, we wouldn't swop -positions, with Agent-General Monro. The palmy days ' of 'the 11 penny dread ful ' style of literature are numbered. \- *-8tets' -flesigh fof the Wllilams-road bridge has been acccpted for construction. Lodge of St. Kilda Oddfellows had a pleasant evening at their social'on Tuesday. The Armadale Quadrille -Assembly tcr psichoreateflgftin on Tuesday evening next. Local artists beginning to wonder what they shall paint for tbo Prahran Art Gallery. Mr. C. E. Connop is definitely in the field for the South Yarra ward of the Prahran council. ... . Jdr. Trenwith, JJ.P*, is forty-six years of ajge to-day— old enough to have more sense, any how. Dr. Lcger Erson appointed ? medical offiocr to St. Mary's branch of the H.A.C.B.S. Collection at Holy Trinity Church, Bala clava, for the local relief fund last Sunday realised £6 8s. .... Usual monthly meeting of the St. Kilda Board of Advice next Monday evening at * ' the town hall. The Ven. Archdeacon Langley prcached two able discourses at St.-Paul's Cathedral on Sunday last. St Kilda Tradesmen ' select partners ' next Tuesday evening; may they have plenty of mpital— fun. Several new advertisers make their bow .to our readers to-day — run yonr eye over their intimations. The Balaclava Lodge of Freemasons held their monthly meeting . in fit. Kilda Town-hall on Tuesday. St. Kilda A.N.A. Btrongly object to being made an advertising medium for even native Australian shows. Lively interchange of compliments be . tween solicitor and former client at St. Kilda court on Tuesday. Sir Acland Hoed, formerly aidc-dc-ramp to tbe Eirl of Hopctoun, has been elected to tbe House of Commons. Mr. W. G. Walker, the genial J.P., is already in the, running for the Western riding of tbe shire' of Malvern. Mr. W. H. Nicholls, means to win the Central riding seat in the Malvern council next month, -whoever opposes bim. The Hon. G. Turner, Commissioner of Customs, is bringing in a bill to restrict tbe sale and use of opium — hear, hear ! The Bishop of Melbourne wiU hold a confirmation service at St Martin's Church, Hawksburn, on Thursday evening next. 'Prepared Speeches*' by tbe members is the programme for next Monday's meet ing of the St. Kilda Literary Association. A regulation has been framed by the Prahran council dealing with cycling traffic in the main streets of the city. Quite right -A late case of alleged cruelty came up again at tbe St. Kilda court. 4-n Taesday through defendant's solicitor suing him for bis fee. Bethel Harmony Club concert at the Prahran Town-hall on the 28th inst. prom ises to be a big financial and musical success. Shop of Mr, W.Lawrence, photographer, 315 Chapel-street Prahran, entered by thieves last night week— £3 in cash annexed. Tbe collections at the Episcopalian Churches in the diocese of Melbourne on Sunday last were devoted (0 the distress relief funds. The biggest football event of tbe season comes off next month at the St. Kilda grounds, by local amateurs. Lots of fun promised. Tbe Prabrnn branch of the A.N.A. has conferred the honor upon Mr. C. B. Counsel of unanimous re-election to the metropolitan committee. A very successful entertainment was held at the Elsternwick Hall on the fith inst., in aid of the funds of St James' Church, Elstcrnwick. The Malvern council invite applications in this issue for a resident engineer for the shire at a6alary of £350, to commence duty on 1st October next Something specially good coming— the popular Lyric Club entertainment at Prah ran en the 10th prox in aid of a worthy object More anon. The abode of Charles Allen, a railway employee, No. C Murray-street, Prahran, was entered on Saturday night last, . five £1 notes being taken. The total revenue from the Custom-house OQ Tuesday last was £109,708— just £50,000 more than has ever before been recorded in the history of the colony. Young Australia's views of the depres sion were lucidly propounded by Mr. A. V. Kemp at the meeting of the St. Kilda branch of the A ,N .A. on Tuesday. David Wilkinson was lined £5 with £3 is costs, in default 14 days' impiisoh- ment at fit. Kilda court yesterday for eel ing butterinc as butter. News of tbe failure of a -financial in stitution U' now received with the eamc coolness as the report of a petty burglary how familiaritv breeds contempt I The St Kilda Ladies' Benevolent Society appeal to those having milk to spare, for the benefit of the children of those whom the society are relieving. The mayor of Prahran and Cr. Fuller have been appointed trustees of the St. Kilda cemetery, in place of cx-Crs. George Yonng and W-u. Bowen. Secretary Punshon and committeemen have left no stone unturned to make the socialities : of . Tuesday evening next as successful and merry as usual. The Caulfield council has decided to call for tcndcra for tbe removal of nightsoil within the shire for a term of four years, on the double pan day system. . ?Mrs. JJUlcjohn, ' ' certificated midwife ?(late of the' Women's Hospital) of 9 laelt street , Prabrnn, .has an announcement in our advertising columns this issue. Mr. A. D. Michie, junr., applied to tbe Caulfield ponnci! at its meeting on Wednes day for permission ff to sbqdt-sparrtSvfs with a jicft-riije.' JFbp council dpcKncd. The Pralirftn branch of tho A.N.A. con tinues to grow, hew members being clectcd at every .gathering.- 'About ?atfozen nomin* ations are already in for next meeting. The passengers by tho small-pox bringing vessel, ihs Oroya,' who !have settled in this district, have all been visited by tbe health jbfBoer,' ahd some iif theno t^-vacoinated. We deny that the benefits accoring from the prahran Soqp Kitohcn arc NlHitV— no matter how you pronounce -or spell the name of the enthusiastic secretary, Deeming's ? impudent' braggadocio has boon out-rivalled by Bavaohol, tho Parisian anarchist, who actually dancod and sang upon tbo scaffold before his cxocution. Mr. T. T.: Boper, th« newly-nppointcd head master of the Park School No. 2(00, 6L Kilda. bails from the Queensbury-strcet school, Carlton, where he was very popular. The Prahran council has decided to offer Messrs. White and Co., who^ claimed dnmages for an accidcnt .in Raleigh -street, £8 8s. 6d. in full satisfaction of their claim. Messrs. Asher and Co. have just sold a piece pf land at the corner of Dandeuong road and the Avenue, Windsor, at £16 a foot — very satisfactory, especially in these times. Court Good Intent Lodge of Foresters hold 'their first tneeting in the town^hall , 6t Kilda, on the 25ib. At 830 an ojicu. harmony meeting will follow the business meeting. fit. Kilda council meets next Monday evening. { ? Our genial and popular medico, Dr. A. ! Joske, elected a medicat officer to the ! Prshmu A.N.A. Tho proprietor of tbe ' Exchange ' 456 Chapel-street, South Yarra, bas an impor tant announcement in our Pithy Advertise ment Column to-day, of interest to house holders. Cr. and Mrs. B. A. Forbes celebrated the anniversary of their wedding day on Thursday jast. Jn the evening tho worthy couple entertained a number of their friends. ^ Cr. Henry Jennings will not offer himself for re-election at the ensuing municipal elections— St. Kilda conndl will thus lose the services of one of its ablest members. The late Mr. F. A. Hare, 'P.M., whose death everyone deplores, was a brothetia law of our popnl&r; electoral inspector and truant officer at Prahran, Mr. B, W. V. Dcrmott. The Prahran council, having been warned by the rccent storm destruction, dccidcd at its meeting on Monday nigbt to insure the market sheds in Commercial-road against fn fit rn Wclre Wc notice that Mr. T. Vlosoplas, herbalist' who has testimonials for a number of remarkable cures by the use of his remedies, has removed from Prahran to 200 High street, St, Kilda. Quite an advertising boom amongst our local professional and business people to-day — vide our advertising columns. No greater tribute to the popularity of our journals could be desired. The estate ol Agnes Lush, of Armadale, married woman, has been compulsorily sequestrated. Liabilities, £2109 17s.; assets, £750 ; deficiency, £1G59 17s. Mr. G. H, Scott, trustee. The Prahraa branch A.N.A. bavo declined the honor of a ' natives' cheap night 11 at one of the Melbourne shows— the' members although ' natives ' arc not aborigines who cadge and ask favors. It is curious now lo read of the Bush at St. Kilda, but at the period to which tho article elsewhere on ' Our Local History ' efers it was all bosh with only a bridlo tryack from Melbourne. The Prahran council has agreed to joiu with Malvern in asking that the water rate to municipalities in respect to parks and gardens be reduced, and Caulfield has like wise handed in its allegiance. 'Health, and How to Keep It' was the , title of an admirable lecture delivered on ! Thursday evening last by Misa Fraulein Lcppcr in connection with the South Yarra Presbyterian Literary Association. Cr. A. E. Moore, of St. Kilda, and Cr. Thomas Ellis, of Prahran, have been added , to the permanent list of honorary magis- ; tmtes. Wc congratulate our worthy ex- 1 mayors on this well- merited distinction. | Steps arc being taken by the Prahran | council to provide for a cab-stand in 1 Clcndon-road, an omnibus-stand in Well- j ington- strect, at the corner of Chapel- | street, and a van-stand in Commercial-road. | Prahran Tradesmen's annual social next Thursday evening at the Prahran Town- J hall. Secretary Davies and his committcc j have made complete arrangements for a, jovial evening where dull care will be ; defied. ? The Rev. Canon Chase, the well-known . Anglican clergyfaan whom every one re spects, celebrates his seventy-third birthday I to-morrow. We wi-ih him very many 1 happy returns. I After one of those characteristic rows for which the Richmond council is celebrated, Cr. Jcnkens on Thursday gave notice of motion for tbe fioatincr of a loan of £3300 for the purpose of constructing the pro posed Williams-road and Burnley-strcct Dr. W. H. Embling, J.P., of St. Kilda, is blossoming out into a premier financial expert in the art of resuscitating broken banks. . Having diagnosed the case of the Mercnntilc Bank, lie has invented a cure, which many leading financiers look upon as being highly practicable. Tiie' late-lamented' Mr. Deeming cost the country £986 from the date of the discovery of bis victim to the burial of the monster— one of the cheapest and most satisfsctory jobs the Government bas ever had done. The Chief Commissioner of Police has intimated his intention of receiving a deputation from the Caulfield council next Monday on the extra police protection question, .with a vie? of ''.suppressing, the ghost.' According to a statement made by Cr. Mnntz at the Prahran council meeting on Mondav, the old objectionable system of removing nightsoil is still practised at the railway stations. The town-ball officials are on the war-path making inquiries. Owing to the very groat difficulty ex perienced by tbe Caulfield council in collecting not only the current rates, but the large arrears of last year,' it was determined nt tbe meeting on' Wednes day to institute legal proceedings without delay against defaulters. Tbe property- owners adjoining the Prah ran market, who suffered damage by 'pieces of flying market' during the storm last month, and who applied to the local council for damages, have been dis appointed, as tbe civic fathera at Mon day's meeting refused to entertain any of the claims. The finance committee of the Prahran council has arrived at the conclusion that the best way to affrrd dressing- room con veniences at tbe old town hall is to raise the platform of the stage and construct the rooms below, which alterations would, it is estimated, cost £100. In any case, how ever, the work is not to be proceeded with until the next financial year. For the comfort of out local tradesmen at St. Kilda and Prahran who intend patro nising the annual socialities, wc may state that arrangements have been made whereby debt collectors will not be admitted— tb6 respective committees mean to sec that their guests have a little pcacc. One enthusiast gave a penny towards the Art Gallery and Museum, 'as is to be,' at Prahran— but, then, it was a penny whioh dated its birth back nearly a hundred years, to a time when half a -crown's worth of change in copners required a boy with a wheelbarrow to take it home. No doubt | the librarian will .be glad to receive some ] more old coins. The treasurer receives the j new ones. | A contributor favors us with an instal ment of allesed ' Puns in Bhyme on Par- 1 liament' We do not sec what Parliament has done to merit the attack, but as the jokes are ovidently well Intended wc accord tho verses a puny smile, especially the lines referring to the Eastern Suburbs con test, to which our local Byron thus refers:— One startedlate a seat to win, ' But Lor-Mal whataMad'un! For Gillies won through thick aodtbin Though the election was a fat'un, The annual elocution competition of the lads of Mr. Hill's classes in connection with the Toorak Try Rocicty will. bo held at the society's hall, Hawksburn, on Tuesday, 30tb August, Mr. Justice Hodges having kindly consented to officiate as judge. The event is likely to prove of : more than ordinary interest to the many supporters of Mr. Forstcr's good work. Speaker Bent declares that he is not going to allow his office in Parliament to prevent bim from speaking against a I manifest injustice to his constituents— «j this is just where Tommy will come a political cropper one of ' these fine days. : He speaks too much for ^ Speaker. !fbo dudes, mashers, -et boo gen wtotnno, arc weeping and wailing:— *' Our PatUc, our darling, our pot Is steaming to f ilr London town, 1 Where she'll * take the cake 'you bet,' As the charming soubrette Pattie Browno.' Tiie rhyme may be bad bat in spite of Mr. Hard castle ' the sentiment's . the thing.' Oatslde.of Marian Grey in V,As You Like Jt,' we never beard &q; epilogue given with suoh qusint archness, innocent abandon, and modulated light and shade as that delivered by Miss Browne on'the last nieht of her performance as 'Peggy' in 'Tho Counts? Girl.' She appears to have totally conquered her habit of lisping,' Tan'd ' no doubt is now, aB J. L. Toole says, the finest light comedy aotrcss on the English stage. She goes under engagement to Mr. Tooie. Two claims for damagos for injuries sustained in 6trect accidents wcro made to tbe Canlfield council on Wcdncsdav. Mr. J. C. Simmondsgot his waggon bogged, and damaged goods in consequence, owing to the bad state «f Koornang-road, and Mr. J. M: Dalgleish ' broke his nose owing to coming into collision with obstructions in connection with the Glen Eira-road sewer works. Both claims were referred 'to ' the finance committee, A meeting of Elstcrnwick residents was held in tbe publie hall on Tuesday evening to protest against the increase of fares, and it was decided that a deputation wait upon the Bailway Commissioners in furtherance | of the object* 