The First Death. 1 ? ? — VUUtSUTen FROM TUB FACKCU* La Karledo wan a littla village ot (our or -Ive hundred inhabitants between Amiens -Mid Abbefillc. Sadin Autum, gay in spring timo, clcnn, Bilont, strotohod along ft wido foad, its houses low, Willi rootn black and fointod, surrounded by awampy meadows ind orownod by ft forcat of oakd, it was a nuutorpftrt ol nil tho other villain of pioardy, Yob, it was a counterpart, oven to 4hc Tioquotlish ohatoau, ita walls of rod brick, .bn WIUUU WUUUIIIgU ui wuitu M'JIIU, luul is ilways part and parcol of a Pioardiau land scape, and that stands n thousand metres, mora or lees, Irom tho outskirts oE those liny provincial hamlets. * La Farlodo, at tlio moment this story opens, waB in a hubbub of excitement, for a cemetery, their own individual burying ground, lmd been achieved at last. Tho Munioipal Council, which had so long hoarded tho funds drawn from the taxpayers for the purposo, had dually eocn lit to pur chare on ancient field, to wall it in, an:' *o Sonseorate it to tho well merited repose of the people of tho country ; ' and on and alter November 1; 18— ,' dc tho announcement road, ' tho cemetery now definitely nncljyed would, bo ready for tho reception ol its .guests.' t Naturally enough, overy ono gosBipped.md jested with his neighbor on tho subject of tho 'cleot,' who would point out tho road to his compatriots, but tho hubbub iooroaacd to a positive riot when simultaneously with the aonolusion of the ceremonies that made tho anoient field a 'Gottaaker,' handbills ap peared on tho walls, inoluding the Maire's, to \- the following effect : Whereat, boing sound ot mind and sound of body, I hereby dealaro that in, order, to sooths and sweeten tho last moments ol him or of her who will bo tho first to inaugutate the new cemetery, I havo placed in tho hands ot the Mairo of La Farlodo tho sum of ten thousand francs, to ho delivered to tho family uf the first inhabitant who departs for another and perhaps better world, on and' after this tho day of opening, November 1, 18 — ? In witness, whereof, signed an! sealed by myself, Jean Bitumineox. In other words, tho proprietor of the ohatoau already described, formerly a Bohe mian of tho artollers of tho Boulevard Clinohy and enriched by the deoeaao of on aunt who, at the final moment, had consented to offord him her forgiveness for the profession ho had chosen, and to loava him the inheritor of a goodly eatato. In tho doya of hia youth an incorrigible yaker, ho still at times, as in the matter of this handbill, indulgad in the samo propen sity. The statement of the plaoard was trne, howover, and in tho twinkling of an eyo the news was all over tho village. Groups of people congregated before the bills to read lor themselves, while others moro incredulous ran to tho Maire to ask for confirmation of the same. ' Tho fact is oxaotly as given,' he re sponded, promptly ; ' thcro ia no mistake about it. The money is in my hands and will eo remain,' i&o.;, &a.; Tho announcement thus officially vouohed tor, everyono joyously returned to his homo to begin at once the calculation of his ohanoe — to takoBtock, as it wero, ot those belonging to him, and to eBtimato their avorago long evity. It goes without saying that those of the inhabitants fortunate enough to have eioi. or very aged 'relatives wero filled with triumph, though, of oourso, they triumphed Bioretly and in silence, whilst tho others— those whoso families wero sound and healthy — wore foroed to oomfort themselves with tho forlorn hopo ot an nooidont, an unexpected Beizure, or insidious draughts of air. ' Suoh and suoh a one's taking off,' they ' recalled, 'had been extremely sudden ; So and ao'a trifling illness fatal ; unlooked for deaths wero always occurring,' and those thousand tantalizing pistoles danced a sara bond in thoir dreams ovon when they fell asleep. Aa fni* tVlft ATaiva nnnv 1ilA 1..J oomo a burden to him because ot tho hourly deputations and nvalanoho of queries to whioh ho was foroed to listen . 'Must they be of tho villago,' they bc aought hfm anxiously, ' or was it suflioiont to be a member of the parish ? Did ohildren oount, or relatives by marriage, or tliOBC whom death might take by violence?' — queries that plainly betrayed the Villagers' nuguiah of mind, and hugely amused tho donator. It is not overy day, as you know, that peoplo give up tho ghost in villnges, and a wholo week passed by after tho opening of the oemetery, without an ovent of tho kind occurring. Still tho brains of tho peoplo oontinuod to be over oxoited, and every ouo( from baker to butoher, from ourate !o hus bandman, laid off work from timo to time to measure with his oyo, or oalculato mentally, tho additional goods or farming ground pur chasable with tho monoy— only tho oafes wero busier than ever. By the end of tho week tho story of the handbills had beoonio au old ono, but by no moans a loss absorbing one, though tho villagers no longer lowered their eyes or voioes when disoussing the matter, and openly footed up tho oliances. Tho family (it a oartain La Poireaux, by oommon con tent, had Bottled it that they wore to be the tortunato inheritors, fjr had tlioy not among them, this family, La Poireaux an old wreck from Trafalgar, living by foreo of habit alono — a wheezy, yellow, dried up old mummy, whom twice a day they carried to the door to bask in tho eunshine, and whoso demiso had long been expcctcd. ' But sometimes these aged ones livo for r-ver,' objeoted a malicious listener, ' and thift ono shows no moro signs of dying than li-i has done for aix months past.' '' All tlio same,' ndded another, ' it -ia the family of La Poireaux whom tho Maire has ui8 oyo upon.' Nevertheless, despite tho anguish ot desire that had Beized upon all in tho raco for thin money, La Furlede possessed no assas sin. It was true that tho ailing and tho very agod had beoome n contra of intorost to overy ono in tho family, for they would be ablo, if aooommodating, to leave behind thom a snug little sum, yet no one dreamed of accelerat ing their departure. . In tho housoholdu ot the less happily plaocd tho interest was equally absorbing— n harsh oough, a laboured breathing, bring ing the ear upon the alert in an instant. OoughB and diQloult breathings wero har bingers of inflammation of the lungs, and inflammation of tho lungs, as every ono knew took its viotim quiokly. If another one had n red face or au indigestion tlioy awaited apoplexy, and a child who had been an invalid from birth, and began to recover from tho moment of tho proclamation, was ont c II with a flhilling in tho will of an indignant aunt, whose hoir it had provoiualy been. . Tno cntiro villago at tho oxpiration ofthij samo week was palo and emaciated. Even tliOBO who had scoffed tho loudest at this waiting for dead men's shoes no longer slopt tranquilly ; drunkards drank twico as much as they had drunk before; tho avarioioua oureed iu seoret ; while the sick, on tho con trary, tlioonly oneB who objected to this fashion of ringing the bell, teemed to vio with \- each other in tho hasto of their re oivery. On the morning cf tho 10th of November, however, a bell, or rather a knell, did ring out, instead of tlie morning Angclus, and the people, falling over each other in tho dark ncas, and railing at fate, preoipitated them selves toward tho church to learn who had won. Alas, arrived, there, breathless anil panting, it was only to fiad that tho beadle (in usual), full as a thrush, more dazed than ever from brooding upon the promises ol the plaoard, and thinking of nothing but death, had rung without reason. Truly it wus time this business should end, or they would ull lie ns toad as the beadle. Ah, well, lucre lived at this timo in La Farlcdii, a poor on-l unfortunato peasant, the father of two little helpless babies, and with whom . nothing had over succeeded. Though Bcaroely post his fortieth year, ho had run through uvery country of tho world, to return at Inst, vanquished, to his native villago. Ho was a good follow, gentle, r,il*c tionato, dreamy, and inoffensive, but lie was unablo lo gain a living for himself and family in n oountry wliero tho struggle with tho earth wae hard and endless. His slender fromo took badly to tho labour of the fields, and ho possessed no other resources. Misery and want uncompassed tho household, and caoh evoning before tho smoking cinders the wife cried in undressing tho children, and lie, tortured and cowed by a Benso of weaknoaa and failure, writhed in secret. Tho plaoard ot tho painter Bilumoncur had made upon liim, as upon tho rest of thom, a deep impression . Nay, moro than tlmt.it had given him an idea. What it I19 should bo tho ono to leavo ten thousand halloa to his wretched family? It would lift them above want for over ; they would be ablo with the money to purchase at Abbe ville, pcrbapB, a habcrdasliory— perhaps a moro pretentious shop. Ilis wife was intel ligent, industrious-aho would surely prosper at tho business. He saw them already, these deprived onos, eecuro ot tho ncoiasaries ho hud been unablo to givj them, tho boy later on employed in a bonk, tho girl married to a commisnaire. That ovsning I10 embraced thom and held thom upon his breast longer than usual, mur muring ns ho wetohed them laid upon their scanty straw. ' I-will do it— I must do it: it ia my duty !' Tho idea that had como to him with tho reading of tho plaoard, and born ot misery and shame, wasBuicide. For him it v.-as tho rehabilitation of all his disastrous enter prises, tho atonement for tho Borrow that he had brought upon his family. But, 0I1, tho agony of parting from theBe' beings so ten derly loved, whoso welfaro and happiness ho oould secure at last, but secur6 only by ono moans. Ho wont out to walk for n while in tho ombrowned fields, the yellowed forest, but the rustling of tho dead leaves that his foot pUBhed aside sounded to him liko the rust ling of a shroud ; sobs burst from his an guished breast as ho regarded tho wide heavens, tho valley full of Bhadows, and tho little villago that held his all. For a long time he hoBitated. Perhaps ohaneo would doliver him — perhaps it would not bo necessary to toko his lifo in ordor that thoy might live, that they might havo fire upon tho darkoned hearthBtono, and bread in tho empty cupboard. Long ago I10 had tssured himself by talking with a neighbor, who had questioned tho Mairo. that suicides would oount in this funeral play. Of coureo he must kill himself — to wait longer was to permit the ohanos that as yot was his, to be grasped by another. He took hid gun, climbed the hillside that overlooked the vil lago, and fixed his eyes upon tho dilapidated roof that did not even shelter his wife and little ones. The next morning, when they found hia body — n wood-outtor passing through tho forest had seen it, and spread tho news — tho crowds oursed it, and threw Btones at the corpse of the poor hero. Tho women Bought to spit in his face, tbo Town Council itself waited upon M, llitumoncux to demand of him that tho money should not be paid to tho family of suoh a triokster. Tho painter responded by adding ten thousand more to tho first ten thousand, and charging himself for over ntlor with tho oaro of tho widow and her ohildren. ' It was my fault,' he told himself, deenly 1 moved by tho tragedy—' my lault, and but for mo the thing would never have hap pened.' Tho Maire alono and tho gcndarmeB, whom it hod been neoessary to oall upon botoro tho body of tho martyr oould bo laid in trio ground, followed it to its last resting plaoo, and that samo day 'tho old wreok from Trafalgar' and two bosido him passed to their last aocount. Tho memory of tho suioido is still oursed throughout the wholo of Pioardy, nnd upon his tomb ono reads the inscription (cut thcro uy u gunning ous BaoiiiigiouB nana during 1 tho darkness of tho night after tho inter- j ment). Tho ditoh of tho thief. 