ZILLAH: A ROMANCE. By Joseph Hocking, Author of "Elrad the Hio," " Jabez Eaaterbrook " &o.; CHAPTER LIGHT. XXXIX. " Strong Son of God, Immortal Lore, Whom we, that bare not seen Thy face, By faith, and faith alone, embrace, Believing what we cannot prove. " Thou wilt not leave us in the duet; Thou madest man, he knows nob why; Be thinks he was not made to die; And Thou hast made him: Thou art jost." —In Memoeiam. From the time Mrs. Haroourb told Jack that it was his duty to try and get better, he slowly recovered. For himBelf life had no attractions ; be had but little to hope for, and when hops is low the world is dark. But when he realized that he had a message to deliver, when he felt that other hearts might be aohing even as his bad ached, and that he oould tell them of a power that would lift their burdens away, then strength and health came back to him again. ThuB it was that when old Dr. Brown, of Inglewood, came to see him he had no need to tell him of Ziilah's change in order to give him something to hope for. Indeed, the old man did not think it best to mention her name; to tell him of her illness would probably do him more harm than good, and BO, while he returned to his home bearing the glad news of the young man's recovery, he left him in ignorance that the chains which had bound his loved one were broken. As he regained Btrength his old friends came to^ see him, and foremost among them was Uncle William. Evidently the little man bad taken u great liking to Jack, and seemed brimming over with some information which be thought would be a joy to the young man's beart. "John," he said, "John, I have been living long years in the twilight, but light has broken at last." "Ah,"said Jack. "Yes, light, John, light, and more than light—power 1" "Have yon got a new medium, fresh from America?'* said the young man with a smile. " No, John, BO. I have done with America," said the little man warmly. '' And •why have I dona with America? Why? I will tell you. It is because I have discovered that all knowledge comes from th« East, John, the East. I've done with American Spiritualism, John, because it's a swindle. Why, only the other day, John, I saw how I'd been deceived. At a seance a spirit cam* and told me he was the ghost of John Joy, an old friend of mine. I believed him. I went in mourning for him, and then a week or so after I met him alive and well. * Think of that, John ! Daniel Home knew nothing, didn't know the a b o of the question. Why, I have cot on the Astral plane, Johnj think of that1 "Which is the Astral plane, uncle?" asked Jack. ''Why the Astral plane is between the physical and the emotional, it is a plane discovered by Theosophy. John?" " Oh, I see, you are become a Theosophist BOWF " All, I am glad you did not yield to Abner Dewdle and become a Spiritualistic lecturer, you -would have been ruined if you had. John, I trusted that man—trusted him, and be deceived me 1 I lodged him, fed him, clothed him, lent him money, and now he's gone I don't know where and cheated me. All bis spirits were frauds—frauds. Why, you finnd it out, John. " Yes, I found it out." "Bat that's all gone — all gone." I've faund the truth at last." "What truth?" " Psychic truth, Theosophio truth, John. Now I am content. Why, John, now we can get music without the dark rooms, without joining hands—now we can get furniture moved without human aid. It's all psyohic force, John—« force which I can gain beoause I am on the Astral plane." " What's the good of it ?" asked Jack. "Why, the world is going to be redeemed at last. " How ?—by moving furnitnre ?" " Ah, John, I am afraid you are still unbelieving. But you won't be. TheoBophy will explain all your difficulties; in fact, it explains everything. By incarnation, John, in carnation, and reincarnation." Jack was getting tired. Uncle William had evidently taken up with the new craze which bad been, and still is, the prevailing topic of conversation, and, like a child with a new toy, be was trying to show it oS to bis relative. It was true the little man understood but little of hie new hobby, but it seemed easy and popular to swim with the tide^ and so he had let everything else go to-the winds. Still Jack, weak as he was, wanted to be patient with him, ay, and wanted to tell him, too, that he had found that wbioh no " osophy" or " ism" oould ever give to him, and so he said quietly— / "Uncle William, I have found something -more real, more abiding. " What have you found, John ?" Christ." " Ah, John, that is old. We've heard again and again about Christianity, there's nothing new in it, John." "Why, what has Theosophy to give to the world that Christianity Hob not ?" " A great deal, John, a very great deal. Christianity may be very good, John; but there's not enough, of it. You see it falls short, in that it does nat promise incarnation, and Karma." "What's Karma, Uncle William?" "Idon'tkuov what Karma is, John; bub that is what Theosophy has, which Christianity has not." Jack oould not help laughing, the little man looked so sincere, and so puzzled; yet it seemed terribly sad. Here had this man for long years been following the will-o'-the- wisp of Spiritualism. He bad bsen led away by the so-called spiritual manifestations of vulgar charlatans, not taking the trouble to find out whether they were the result of trickery, or the working of laws as yet unknown. Again and again he had been duped and deceived, and again and again had he eagerly grasped every new trick which had been offered to him. And now, as a new theory had been propounded, attested, too, by well-known names, he had eagerly clutched it, hoping thereby to satisfy the longing of a simple heart. He did not understand it. The terms by whioh the system was described were Sanscrit to him, and yet he had accepted it without question. u Uncle, said Jack, "I've tried thi Theosophy—that is, I have carefully though*, about it. I have read " Isis Unveiled" and kindred books, I have attended Theosopbica 1 meetings, I have tried to understand the mysticism of the old Hindus, and it is as noth - ingtome. I will admit it is talked about a good deal just now, and no doubt will be .untilthe craze dies out, and then it willbj like a hundred other things which have risen and died. I went to it, uncle, with a sad yet hungry heart. I wanted to find the pearl of great price, and I tried, honestly tried to find in it what I wanted. But I didn't, I couldn't. My heart longed for God, and it offered me no God, it told me there was none, and it was as though an icy hand were laid on my heart. I tried to find comfort in its miracles and its messages from the dead. But what did I find? Music, ringine of bells, moving of furniture, and such like, just like any clever -conjurer could perform. And for messages from the dead, I was told about mysterious letters in the handwriting of departed noto e- ties, which, as far as I oould see, were meaningless, and of no more value than the writing of some well paid trance medium, or Spiritualistic jisy choir eter." " Oh, but, John, you are not a Mahatma. If you were, you would talk differently. You are on the Astral plane, it is true; but you have not entered the state whereby you can become disembodied." "No, I am not in that condition yet. Did jyon ever see any one that was ?" " No, I never did." " How do you know they exist, then ? Well, we are told they do by the highest authorities. They are the Masters, Jahn, Yon see, John, the Masters generally do some thing great at the close of each century, according to the laws of spirituality. They are -•ilent for seventy-five yeare, and now, as the century is CIOBIDK, they begin to speak. That'" why we've heard j=o much about spirit wave and psyohio forces curing the last year or two. "And where do these Masters live ?" " At Thibet." "Then no one in England has ever seen them?" "Oh, no, John." (To be Continued.) Hihdharsh Ikstitdte.—At a meeting of the committed of the Hind marsh Institute held on Tuesday evening at the local Institute the following gentlemen were nominated for the Board of Governors:—Messrs. D. Bower, J. Med way Day, and D. Murray. For th: special Parliamentary Committee the follow ing were nominated: — Hons. W. Copley, ILL.C., J. Martin, M.L.C., F. W. Holder, M.P., and Dr. Cockburn, M.P., and Messrs. L. Grayson, M.P., and J. J. Osman, M.P. MEDICAL ELECTRIC TBEATMENT.—Professo- Albem Richard, 51. E., of Paris, is announced to make his appearance this evening at tha Adelaide Town Hall, where he will treat diHerent kinds of diseases free of charge and in full view of the audience. firoKEi; HILL NEW UNION.—W, R. Sando, 41: Thomas Pope, fills.; Vinrace Lawranoe, £1; Executors of the late T. Whinerab, £2. SOCIOLOGICAL SOCIETY.—This Society will meet at Jackman's Rooms this evening. s M n w 