MY LADY. CHAPTER XXI. AT EPSOM. Have you ever seen at the beginning of a great law case a certain hush and stir among the gentlemen of the long robe, and thon a young man rise — not much over forty, that is — and inform " my lud that his unfortunate client was placed at a sad disadvantage, for that, through the enexpected but unavoidable absonco of his leader, the wholo case must needs devolve upon his own (the junior's) shoulders? The circumstance is of course most lament able, but still the young counsel (if lie is worth a guinea fee) has a certain confident radiance about him, for he feels that his opportunity has come at last, and that he lias but " to grasp tho skirts of happy chance," to be borne from that moment woolsack- wards. So was it with Mr. Samuel Hicks, horse-jockey unattached, when suddenly called upon to fill the vacant seat of Brother Withers, absent with out leave. To ride a Derby at a moment's notice was, to one in his position, almost what to take the com mand of the Mediterranean squadron would be to a young gentleman at the .rr"haVal -school. But not a trace of in- deciAjpn was visible on the young cen taur's countenance. " I will do my best, gentlemen," said he modestly ; then added, with the irrepressible assurance of his class, "and I think I know how to ride." " You know nothing, and are an infernal young fool," returned the trainer sharply. " You never were outside such a horse as Menelaus in your life. If he is in a good temper a child might steer him ; but if he jibs — if he stands stock-still in that great race an hour hence, as he is as like to do as not — what will you do then ?" "Bless my soul, sir," cried the boy, his " golden future — not without " mother in a comfortable cottage and easy for life," let us hope, in the fore ground, all swept away by this relent less prediction— " Bless my soul, sir, I think "I should- cut his throat." "I like this' fellow," cried Derrick, slapping the lad upon the .back. "Look you,- here is twenty' pounds, which. you. may keep in any case, and you Had better take it, now, for if you lose the', race there will be plenty of folks to want' all my money. But if | boy,, win, boy, I will make it two f hundred." " And' I. will make it four," added Master Walter, fervently. ' - . "So, you. see, vou will be a made man for' life," remarked the trainer, - kindly. "Butfiisten to roe, Sam, or else all this glitter will be the merest moonshine. Be sure never touch your horso with' whip or'spur ; for Withers, I have noticed, nevor did. But if the beast jibs — I saw Jack do this at the trial-race, and once before — snatch at his car, . , There may be some secret in the way of handling it, but there is no tiriie for finding that out. Do you twjst it hard." , . . . ?' Oh, sir, I'll twist it off, but he shall win," returned the jockey, , plain tively ; and off he went to don his new owner's colors— black and red' — as proudly as un ensign to his first battle field. It had got about that there was some hitch about Menelaus, and the odds were rising rapidly against him ; and when the large and somewhat un gainly animal took his preparatory canter in front of the stand under tho guidance of the uncelebrated Hicks they rose still higher. If any of his ancient confidence had remained to Captain Lisgard he could scarcely have resisted the tempting offers that were being roared out in harsh and nasal tones from every quarter of the ring. \ " I'll lay 7 to 1 against Many Laws " (for most of tho racing fraternity favored Mr. Derrick's pronunciation of that name) ; " I'll lay 8 to 1." " I'll take 4 to 1 I namo the winner " (for the relation between The King and the Drench horso in the betting was that of buckets in a well). " I take odds that Menelaus is not placed," exclaimed a shrill and sneering voico close beside where tho two men most interested in that depreciated animal were standing. " What odds will you . take, my lord ?" inquired Captain Lisgard, bit- . ing his lip in wrath, for it wah Lord Stonart who was offering them, the man whoso confidential agent had been talking with Blanquettc, and to whoso machinations it was almost certainly owing that Menelaus had lost his rider. ' Ah, Lisgard, how aro you ?" re turned he coolly. " How came it that I missed you just now in the paddock? Haven't seen you since that morning on Mirk Down. So wo're going to try that race over again, eh ?" " I think you were asking for odds, my lord, about the black horse being placed ?" rejoined the captain, pale with passion at the sarcasm that lurked in tho other's tone. " Yes, so I was. There has some thing gone amiss, thoy say, with him. I'll take 4 to 1 in fifties — hundreds, if you like." " Don't do it," whispered Derrick eagerly. " Don't you see what the scoundrel reckons upon ? If the hofse runs straight he will win the race, but if he jibs, he'll be nowhero. Ho is therefore taking odds where he ought to give them." " You don't tako me, eh 1" continued his lordship. " Well, I think your friend advises you wisely. See the horses are moving towards the hill. Like myself, you have no stall, I con clude. Where are you going to place yourself? I think I shall remain below here on tho green.' " Thon I shall see the race from the roof, my lord," answered the captain savagely, and thither he and his com panion betook themselves accordingly. To look down from that elevation upon Epsom Downs just before the start for tho great race is to behold a wondrous spectacle. Men, aquarterofa million or so, as .blatk and thick as bees, and emitting much such a hum and clangor as attends the swarming of those perilous insects ; and the carriages, twelve deep — dwarfed to much the same proportions as those chariots which used to be dragged in public by tho industrious fleas. But raise your race-glass, and with a single sweep you survey every social degree of human life ; from the duchess to tho poor drunken hag on tho lookout for empty bottles ; from the peer to the ragged thief who bides his moment to snatch his booty from his lordship's carriage-seat. This rascal's oppor tunity is coming. If there are five minutes in an Englishman's life in which he is igdifteront to the preser vation of his property, it is those five which are now at hand when that little jockey rainbow yonder is gather ing on the hill. Thirty of. the fleetest horses in the world are about to con tend for the greatest prize that horse can win. It is not that, circumstance,, however, which makes' so m'ariy hearts go pit-a-pat, keeps all lips sealed, and rivets every eye, except that of the pickpocket and his natural enemy the policeman, upon that shifting speck of color. All are aware of the enormous interests that hang upon tho result impending, even if they have, none themselves; vague but gigantic shadows of loss and gain forecast themselves upon every mind. In a few seconds more, certain unknown scoundrels— fellow-creatures, however, with whom we have indissoluble sympathies — will be enriched beyond tho dreams of avarice; and certain other poor devils will be ruined. A solemn hush pervades all Pandemonium. The very organ-grinders ceaso their hateful discord ; the vendors of race-cards give their lungs brief respite ; tho proprietors of Aunt Sallies intermit their useless cry of " Three throws a penny," and stand on tiptoe; with their faces beneath their arms, as eager as my lord wlio totters insecure erect upon the front seat of his drag. Nervous folks see all these things because they cannot keep their eyes fixed where they w'ould. A sudden roar breaks forth, not in tho least like human speech, but itmeans that thoy are off! "Are they off, Ralph?" inquires Master Walter of his companion, " or is it a lie 1" His small and well-gloved hand is trembling so, that his race- glass gives him views 'like a kaleido scope. Splendor or penury — nay, worse, or shame await him, and are at the threshold. He knows not yet the foot of which it is that draws so nigh ; and ho dares not look forth to see." '.'They are not off yet,, lad," re turned Ralph ; and even he has to swallow something which appears to :bo in his throat, but is not, bofore Ho can give that assurance. Master Walter draws a long breath, for this is a reprieve, and endeavors Once more to fix his eyes upon the dancing horses ; but it is tho retina of the mind only which presents its image. He beholds his mother's face, paler and more careworn than ever, sharpened with pain, through some thing she has learned since " They're off ! they're off ! " is again the cry ; and this time the great plane of faces shifts and flashes as it follows tho speck of color now in rapid motion — at first a double line, next a lengthening oval, and then a string of brilliants, knotted here and there. As thoy approach Tattonham Corner Walter perceives, for the first timo, that thoy aro horses, and that throe aro leading all the rost — green, black and yellow. The chances - are then but two to ono against him. How thoy lag and crawl, these vaunted coursers of the air! How long is this frightful suspense to last ? " The yellow's beat — Mica is out of it — the black wins — the- favorite is beaten, blast him ! — Menelaus wins ." There is a thunder of hoofs, a flash of black and green, then a cry as even on Epsom Downs was never before heard. " By heaven, he's off ! Tho boy is killed ! Was it short of the post ? What number's up ? The green has won. The King, Tho King ! Hurrah, hurrah I" And so the babblement breaks forth again, and the tumul tuous crowd flows in like water .upon tho fair green course, save ono small spaco of it kept clear by men with staves, where lies a poor wliitefaced jockey, senseless and motionless, for whose misfortune everybody is sorry, but especially those who have backed the black. All had gone well with the Eronch horse until within a few strides of tho winning-post ; he was leading by half a length, and his victory seemed certain to all eyes, when suddenly — whether through the devilish nature of the beast, or whether poor Sam had touched him with the heel in that overwhelming crisis, can never now be known — but he stopped stock-still, and shot his rider (snatching at his ear as ho flew by) a dozen yards, like cricket- ball from catapult. The uncelebrated Hicks had actually preceded the rival jockey at tho post, but left his horse behind him ; and there the beast was standing yet, with his fore-feet planted resolutely before him, ana Ids un twisted ears laid level with his neck as though he was giving " a back ' at leap-frog. " Come down, and let us get away from this, lad," broke forth Derrick impatiently: "it is no use waiting here.' ' "It is no use waiting here," echoed the young i#an mechanically, as he followed his friend through the fast- thinning crowd down to the basement story. At the foot of tho staircase they met Mr. Chifney, looking very white and disconcerted. He, too, had put more trust than he was wont to- place in horses in Menelaus, and had suffered in consequence ; and the wily trainer was not used to losses. "How is tho boy?" inquired Der rick. " Bad, sir, bad : it is a bad business altogether." muttered the man of horseflesh, not perhaps wholly think ing of the boy. , "It was not his fault, howevor," continued Ralph. "Ho man could have kopt his seat during such a devil's trick. Look you, lot liim have all he requires ; everything. I will be responsible." Sir. Chifney had expected from this stormy client some terrible outbreak of wrath and disappointment ; and lo, he was all benevolence arid charity ! His r astonishment ' exhibited itself significantly enough in his face ; but Ralph mistook the cause. "Why do you stare so, sir? I suppose I am good for a few pounds yot. The horse is mine ; and I appre hend will be security enough ; though I wish I could afford to shoot him — cursed beast ! Where is Lord Stonart?" " A great personage has, I have heard, just sent for him, to offer his congratulations." Ralph Derrick uttered a harsh and bitter laugh. " I suppose we couldn't see this in teresting interview, eh ?" ' "Certainly not, sir," replied the trainer hurriedly, alarmed by Derrick's tone and air. " I hope you are not thinking of putting us all in the wrong by any act of violenco ?" , " Well, no ; I thought of conferring the honor of knighthood upon, his lordshiD with a horsewhip — that's all." ' . "Take him away," whispered the trainer to Master Walter; "for Heaven's sake, take him home." "Yes, home. Come home, Ralph," repeated the young man, like one in a dream. "Ha, Lisgard, how goes it?" drawled Captain Wobegon, saunter ing slowly up to where the three wore standing. "I hope you re couped yourself for last night's mis fortunes by The King just now. Devilish near tiling, though. The Frenchman did win by a head, but luckily it wa3 the boy's and not his own." " I backed the wrong horse," re turned Master Walter gloomily. 'And I owe you — how much is it ?" "A little over fourteen hundred. If it's any . convenience to you I can wait a fortnight or so ; I would say longer— but Lurline — she was inquir ing after you only yesterday, by-the- bye ; I felt quite jealous — has a soul above economy. And after the Derby, you know, folks send in their bills ; especially jewellers. They know if thoy aro not paid then it's a bad look out. What a lot that fellow Stonart must have netted ! I'm sorry to see you so down in the mouth ; you ussd to be such a lucky follow." " Used to be such a lucky fellow," mused Master Waltor, as he and his companion made thoir way to the outskirts of tho heath, where a place had been appointed at which their hansom was to wait for thorn. " Yes, so I was. I used to win in a small way, and yet people were always glad to see mo. Thoy won't be so pleasant, I reckon, when they find that I am a defaulter. I can't get . at any . money , for a year .without .and who will wait a year making a row ?>. Even: If they do, mine will be a fine coming of age. How could I have been such a frightful fool ?" " Tell your fortune, my pretty gentleman," observed a gipsy girl, lay ing her walnut-colored fingers upon the young man's coat-slceve. " You are born under a . lucky star." " I may have been born there ; but I havo wanderei\ far away from its influence," replied Master Walter, shaking her hand off somewhat roughly. " If you want a shilling, you shall have it ; foi- 1 have nothing but other people's money. about me, and that one always parts with very readily. But don't call me lucky, for that's a lie, you jade." "Bless your handsome face," re turned the gipsy humbly, " it's a shame that it ever should be crossed by the shadow of sorrow. You can't be unlucky, sir, with eyes like yours — especially," added she, as the two strode hastily away, " especially among the ladies." " Do you hear that, lad," laughed Derrick encouragingly ; but the young man was too wrapt up in his own sombre thoughts to heed such things. "I must sell out," muttered he to himself ; " that's the first thing. And I must run down to Mirk ; there is no knowing.wliat that, spitfire there may do else." " Here's our hansom, and the fellow not drunk for a wonder i" exclaimed Derrick. " Where's the horse, man ?" In this next booth, sir," returned tlie driver, " I will put him to in no time. I am afraid your honors have riot won.", . \ ".See, Walter, lad," cried Derrick iii remonstrance ; " that's your fault. .Don't hang out such signals of distress that everybody who meets us offers their counfourided ' pity.' Be a man, lad ; - be a man. Besides, what did that gipsy girl say just now ? Many a wise word -. is spoken in jest. She said, with your good looks, that you must needs be lucky with the women. I should like to see the heiress who would say "No" to Captain Walter' Lisgard. A good marriage would mend all this, and " "Go. to the devil 1" exclaimed the young man passionately. "You are out of temper, lad," re turned .the other gravely ; " but don't say those sort ot things to me, for I have not deserved them." ' " Not deserved them ! you have been my ruin, curse you !" continued the other with vehemence. " But for you, you drunken " "Take you care, Waltor Lisgard!" roared tho bearded man .in a voice of thuncor. "Do not make me strike you, for I would as soon strike my son. How can all this be my fault ? Do you suppose that I have not lost also — almost all I havo in the world, save a few hundreds ?" " Ay, mine, I suppose," exclaimed Walter, bitterly. "I know I owe you a thousand pounds." " Yes," returned the other, produc ing his pocket-book, " hero are three I.O.U.'s bearing your signature, for two, three, and five hundred pounds." " You shall be paid, sir, never fear," rejoined the young man, insolently. "No man but you, however, would have produced them at such a time. But it serves me right for herding with such people." "Thank you, young, man. At tho same time, few of your" lino gentlemen would troat them this way." Thus saying, he tore them into little strips, and scattored thorn to the wind. — "All I ask, by way of repayment, now is, that you will listen to a few words I have to say. I have loved you, Walter Lisgard, in spite of yourself, and would have laid down my life for yours. I have concealed from my own heart as well as I could the selfish baseness that underlies your every act — but that is over now. Look you, on the coasts where I have come from there is many a bay which, if you saw it at high tido, you would say ; ' What a beautiful harbor ! what smooth and smiling water ! This is a place for all men to cast anchor.' But when tho tide is\ going out, you see how you havb been deceived. Here is a reef that would wreck a navy ; here , is a jagged and cruel rock, and there another and another. With every one you say to yourself, Surely this is the last. But for this and for that, there was never a better anchorage ; and how beautiful the place is ! What luxuriant foliage — what exquisite verdure fringes tho shore — just the shores, you know. But when tho tide is quite out it is im possible to like the place any longer. There are nothing but reefs and rocks to be seen thon, and a few loathsome reptiles among the slime. Now, Wal ter Lisgard, I havo come upon you at dead low water, and I dont't wish to meet you any more. You will deceive others, of course, who may see you at the flow, but you will never deceive me. I shall go down to Mirk, after a little, to bring away my wife. Take my advice, and don't be there. Above all things see that your mother does not cross me in that matter, or it will be worse for all concerned. I have nobody now in the world who cares for me save Mary Forest, and they shall not rob me of her. Here is the hansom in which we can no longer sit together. You aro not used to walking, being, what is called a gentleman, so you had better take it. All I ask you is, to leave our lodgings beforo I reach them, since you will arrive there first ; or if not — I will tako myself off elsewhere ; I should be sorry to be under tho same roof, with you again, young man." Then pulling his hat forward upon his brow, in place of farewell, Ralph Derrick turned his back upon Walter Lisgard, and took his way to town on foot. As the captain, sitting alone in no very enviable frame of mind, passed him afterwards upon the road, he could not help remarking to himself how old and bowed the insolent fellow looked. chapter" xxii. miss aynton's otiumb is turned back. " I suppose, Mary, that I shall bo sure of getting a letter from Mr. Arthur to-day ?" observed my lady to her maid, as that confidential domestic was proceeding with tho duties — which were by no means mysteries — of her toilet, upon the morning after the picnic at Belcomb. " He is certain to reply concerning a matter which was important enough to cause the use of the telegraph." "I suppose so, my lady ; very likely." Nothing could be more in con trast than tho tones in which these two persons had spoken ; the question had been earnest, almost fervent, and one which evidently was put in order to evoke an affirmative answer ; the reply was given carelessly enough, or rather as though the thoughts of her who uttered it were absent from the matter altogether. " ' Yery likely,' Mary ! Why, how can it bo otherwise? Just run down and open the letter-bag; you know where to find the key." 1 " Yes, my lady." As. Mary Forest left the room she. cast at' her beloved mistress, whose eyes were fixed thoughtfully upon- the pattern of the carpet, and observed her not, a look of , unspeakable love and pity ; and when the door was shut between them, she burst into a passion of silent tears. " It will kill her," murmured she; "she can never survive this second trouble. Sorrow and shumo, sorrow and shame, are all that fall to my dear mistress now. How shall I tell her ? May heaven give her strength to bear it ; but I wish, for her sake, that she was dead, and already the angel she deserves to bo Ah, you minx !" ejaculated Mary, interrupting herself as she passed Miss Aynton's room, and shak ing her plump fist at its unconscious tenant ; " you'll go to quite another place, and serve you right, too." And seeniingly comfoyted by this reflection she wiped her eyes with the hem of her apron and hurried down the back stairs upon her errand. " What will Arthur think ?" mused my lady, us she awaited her maid's return with a beating heart. "He will certainly connect the request to destroy that letter with what I said to him at the Watersmeet a while ago, about " — she did not utter the con cluding words at all, but only formed them with her lips — " poor Ralph. If Arthur suspects, it will be with him the first step to knowledge ; and yet he would nevor use it to my hurt. If there were anything amiss in the con cealment of this matter, then I should fear him, for he is tho soul of honor. But my bastard son — God help him, if he ever comes to kpow it — robs nobody even of this barren title, and my children's money is due to no ono else. They might have been paupers as well as bastards ; let their mother comfort herself with that thought all she can." My lady's lips wore crooked into a bitter smile : hers was not a cynical face — far from it — and such an expression misbecame it sadly ; it looked more like a contor tion of the mouth induced by bodily pain — "Well, Mary, is thero no letter from Mr. Arthur ?" "No, ma'm ; none.' " Then there i3 no more cause for anxiety added to the rest of my troubles, that is all. Ah me, how foolishly I used to fret myself in days when there was no cause ! Perhaps he nevor got the telegram, and not understanding why the letter came to him, has transmitted it. back to — to the person to whom it was addressed. — Mary,, you had better presently run over to the Lisgard Arms and see to that. Steve will give it up, if you will explain to him that it is your handwriting. Tell him, if necessary, that I promise him he shall not lose tho inn. I must have that letter. Mr. Arthur could not possibly know the London address of — of that person, could he ?" "Yery likely, my lady, yes — at least, I don't now." " Mary !" "I beg your pardon', madam," re plied tho waiting-maid, starting like ono aroused from a dream. " I was not thinking what I said ; I was thinking of something else." " I think you might give me your attention, Mary," returned my lady, sighing : " you cannot be thinking of anything so momentous as this matter, which involves . sorrow, shame, and perchance utter rujn." " Alas ! but I can, my lady," an- sw ered tho other gravely ; " and I am doing it. There has something hap pened worse than anything you can guess at. Master Walter " " Great Heaven ! Has any accident happened to my boy ? I saw him but an hour ago ; he camo into my room, dear fellow, to bid me good-bye before he started for tho station. The young horso was in tho dogcart — - — j O Mary, Mary, do riot — do not tell me that my Walter is killed !" " He is quite well, my lady, so far as I know — quite well in health." " Thank heaven for that ! Bless you for that, Mary ! Why did you frighten mo so if there is nothing the matter?" " There is something the matter, my lady. Pray, command yourself; you will have need of all your fortitude.' I would never tell it you — burdened as you are already — only you must know it ; you, above all, and no one else, if we can help it." "More secrets! more deception, Mary ! Spare mo if you can, dear friend ; I am sorely tried already." " I cannot spare you, my lady, or I would do so, Heaven knows ; nay, 1 would almost take the shame upon my own shoulders if that might shield you from the sorrow it must needs bring with it. Miss Letty " "It is not fit that shame and my daughter should be mentioned in the same breath," replied my lady, rising, and speaking with dignity. " Do not continue ; I forbid you to speak. What you wore going to say is false, and I will not listen." " It is true, my lady — true as that the sun is shining now. Of course Miss Letty has nothing to do with it ; but it was through her I learned it." " Does she know it; then 1" asked my lady sternly. " Certainly not, madam; and heaven grant she never may. She's as pure- minded as any serAph, and, like charity, thinketh". no evil. But she told me this afternoon— seeing that you were troubled, and not liking to pain you, .perhaps without reason, and speaking to me as her old nurse and friend, ,who loves all the Lisgards, good and bad (for . they are riot all good, alas, alas 1), and' who will love them to the end— she told me that something which she had overheard between Miss Rose and Master Walter " " You mean Sir Richard," interposed my lady. "No, madam— his brother. It was Master Walter that I was speaking of the other day in tho carriage, and whom I understood your ladyship to say that Miss Aynton had refused. I knew very well that they were love- making, flirting, and such like upon the sly ; but did not know — I could not suspect O mistress dear, a terrible disgrace has befallen you, through that infamous young hussy, Miss Rose Aynton — though what Master Walter could have seen in the jade, I am sure passes my compre hension altogether." "Disgrace! Walter! Rose Aynton! What do you mean, woman?" asked my lady angrily. " You must be mad to say such things. I heard Sir Richard ask the girl to be his wife with ' my own ears, and she refused him." "Did she, my lady? Well, I'm sur prised at that, for I should have thought she would have stuck at nothing. But let rae tell the whole story. What Miss Letty heard at the picnic was this : She heard Master Walter cursing Miss Rose. That was an odd thing for a gentleman to do to a young lady — although, for that mat- tor, I have no doubt she deserved it — was it not? Well, that was what Miss Letty thought. She had never heard such words bofore, and could scarcely force her innocent lips to repeat them; but I made her do it. And certainly Master Walter expressed himself pretty strong. It seems he was angered about the young woman's behavior to his brother yesterday " "Ay," interrupted my lady quietly, and still thinking that tho prejudice of her waiting-maid had much exag gerated matters, " that was partly my fault; I begged Miss Aynton to bo more complaisant in her manner to Sir Richard." " Well, Master Walter might have been annoyed, madam, but what right had he to bo jealous? and especially what relation could exist hetween him and Miss lloso which justified him in using such dreadful words? Fancy swearing at her, my lady !" " Yes, that is shocking indeed, Mary. Miss Letty, however, must certainly have misunderstood him." . " That's what I told her, my lady, in hopes to quiet her a bit ; but I did not believe it myself, no . more than .you do. We don't suppose that Miss Letty invented the oaths, do we ?" "That is true," sighed Lady Lis gard. "It makes me very wretched ' to think that my boy Walter should ' have so far forgotten himself as to use such language to a young girl — a 1 - guest, too, in his mother's house. I shall certainly demand an explanation of it from his own lips." "Alas, there is no need, madam," returned the waiting-maid. "I can tell you all — if you can bear to listen to it." "I am listening," said my ladv, ' wearily ; but she sat with her back towards Mistress Forest, and once, in tho course of her recital, she uttered a piteous moan, and covered her face with her hands. " When Miss Letty told me what I ! have just said, my . lady, and had parted from me a little comforted, trying to persuade herself that she really might have been mistaken in what she overheard, I instantly sought out Anne Rees and bade her come with me to my room. You wouldn't havo believed it in a girl as you yourself chose out of the village school, and who has been at tho Abbey under my own eye for four years ; but she refused point blank ; very respectful, I must say, but also very firm-. ' I durstn't do it," said she, iall of a twitter—' not till Miss Rose is abed and asleep '; or if I do, you may be certain sure as she will come to " know it, and get out of me every word that may pass botwecn us two.' " Tho girl looked as scared as though she had seen a ghost, and yet my re quest did not seem to come on her at " all unexpected ; and, in point of fact, she know what she wanted far well enough. However, I thought it best to let her have her way ; and so it . was arranged that she was to come to my room as she had done with the young ladies — although 'tis . little enough, indeed, she has done for Miss Letty of late weeks, but all for that spiteful little hussy, Miss Rose." " ' Now,' osaid I, when I got her alone, ' Anne Rees, thero is nobody to listen to what we say, and you may speak to me as to your own mother.' (TO BE CONTINUED.) 