'' 1 Sn]RtlNG K0T£8. ] y v„ ' - ' Mbblim.'') 'determination jof tbe committee of ? the ^Issmanlaiv Turf 'Club to bold a nee Y- inee$ng ^n, Saturday, October. 8, seems to ? b&ve; given Satisfaction. I have heard more than. one owner express bis approval of the actitaiii'the'bominfttee. Those in favor of '/racing on the date named I. understand had 'i^'liBid.flfchW and I. believe it was only de cided 'by the 'casting vote of Uje chairman. Itifl to.a (Jertain extent an experiment, and I'Jiope that succeflB will oe -tne outcome — that 'J§, 'the' loss will Tje rednced to a mini mom sum/* .1 .should like to bare seen the added monfeyib tbe 'Hurdle Race £35, and ' Spring Handicap £4.6, increased; but the earn . of £185 is distributed over tbe five ' 'eyenta,£nd,ta1cen .altogether, the programme Ji a ^presentable one. Of course in the South they Can go one better than we can r in' respect to added money, thanks to the manner in which the totalisator is per formedatElwick, and, therefore, we cannot get at all events subsidise our off meets in theetyle tbe T.R.C. executive do. I think theT.T.C. committee bave acted wisely in deciding to race on Saturday, because it is a fpmi-ViH.lf-'holidav. and Wednesday is not ; ' and, moreover, it is the moat convenient day tor country people to come to town. 1 am informed on the best of authority that the T.T.C. committee bavc granted the country, clubs all tbe holidays they appealed for. This bears out what 1 intimated & few weeks back*— that the country clubs had no reason to fear that tbey would be treated in an arbitrary manner. In writing of Creswick last week I was, by an omission, made to describe him as by Cheater, instead of by Yattendon, the sire of Chester. We 'have hot a Chester horse in tbe .colony, and Creswick, nqw that 'iVrtronotikr1— whose ^tud career was far too briif, 'judging A 'by bis stock — is dead, is the only Yattendon horse we have 4n tbe colony. Tattendon was a good racohorse arid a great sire, and Chester's 1 stock will keep his - memory green. What a fine trio the son of Lady Chester sired in Cranbrook, Abcrcorn, and Dreadnought. These three horses dressed in their best, would bave taken a lot of beating in any. country. Cranbrook would have beaten over the T.Y.C. course most horses that have been foaled the day he won the Newmarket Handicap, and Aber corn's performance, when he made tha record for three miles, will long remain impressed on my memory. He was set a great task, as while the riders of Carbine, Melos, and Abercorn were watching each other the : 1 pilot of tbe latter's stable companion, | Sinecure, stole a great march. The son of ; | Chester, however, was equal to the occasion, - as lie TnadA a mighty run, and carved out : I the last, five furlongs a shade over lmin 2sec. - I That year Abercorn would nearly have won the Melbourne Cup, notwithstanding that his weight was, through his penalty for - wimning the Metropolitan, increased to lOst 101b. Then what a great horse Dreadnought ; was when cherry ripe. His Australian Cup was a great performance, indeed, especially when it is considered that be was going off. We have in Tasmania a stallion closely re nted to one of the foregoing celebrities, as : Townley is nearly full brother to Cinnamon, the dam of Abercorn. Townley is by Golds brough from Tbe Thorn, by The Barb from Brown Ducbcss, by Whalebone from the im ported mare Clove, while Cinnamon is by Goldsbrough from Brown Duchess. Clove was a grandly-bred mare, as 6he was by Sweetmeat from Hybla, by The Provost. She was full sister to the game Dundee, ' who finished second on three legs to Kettledrum for the Epsom Derby of 1861. . The last time I saw Townley I thought he was a very fine type of the thoroughbred, and re sembling his relative Abercorn. Judging by the stock that I have seen, I have not tbe : slightest hesitation in pronouncing that i Townley will make bis mark at tbfe stud. It is something unusual to see a field of 40 ' contesting a race in Australia, although the Ladies' Bracelet at Caulfield one year at tracted forty-two to the post. Singular to sav the racenamedwaswontwoyears in suc cession by horses named The Ghost, and it was one of them which defeated a field of 41\. Im England the reoord is 45, which was the strength of tbe field when Croagb Patrick, the sire of the Caulfield Grand National winner, Blue Mountain, won the Stewards' Cup ai Goodwood .in 1861. On Saturday, at Randwick, however, forty horses came to the post for the Tattersall's Spring Handicap, and which was woe by Donation, by Martini-Henry from Charity, by Countryman from the imported mare Serenity, by Saunterer. Tbe winner is owned by tbe syndicate who race under the n ooi de course of 'J. B. Clarke,' and who are commencing tbe season in earnest, as on Tuesday they won the Rosehill 6apling Stakes with Madras alter a dead heat with the Tattereall two-year-old winner Phara mond, who bad a 101b penalty. Madras is by Chester from Gymkana, and therefore full sister to the over-rated Bengal. Victor Hugo has. won a good many races since he was sold by the late Hon. James White, and is therefore one of the exceptions to the rule that tbe blue ami white cast-offs do little or no good afterwards. At the Sydney Tattersall's Meeting on Saturday Victor Hugo, carrying 9st 71b, won the Tramway Handicap easily, and did the six furlongs in lmin 15|sec. The winner is by Chester from Kathleen, a mare bred in this colony, and tracing back through Lord of Linne, Old English Gentleman, Snoozer. and Sepoy, to the imported Gazelle, sent by General Henry Thomas from India to his nephew, Mr B. W. Thomas, over half a century ago. Gazelle was a pure Arab mare, and one of the very few imported to tbe colonies, though, judging from the pedigrees we hear given from time to time, a stranger would be tempted to think that at one time they must have been as countless in Tasmania as tbe Binds on the seashore. With some people ith* term 'Arab mare' has a very extended range. In the Waverley stud there are a couple of mares running buck to Gazelle, and Ruby, the dam of the Hon. T. Eeibey's Allspice, is one of tbem. The Hawkesbury Guineas in days gone by used to have the same bearing on the A J.C. Derby as the Two Thousand has on the Epsom Derby, but it has been gradually de clining in importance until it hap been eliminated from tbe programme. The Hawkesbury Handicap is to be run to-da.y, but there is a great falling off in interest in this race also, and it no longer causes the excitement it did in the days of Goldsbrough, Prince Imperial, and Fint Demon. Autonomy appears to be doing good work ab Bandwlek, and so far there seems to be little ground for tbe rumor that his feet were likely to trouble him. He is the grandest cut of a Derby horse that I have seen for a lcjog while^nd the only question is will he stay! The*© is no reason why beshouul not, because he hatf some stout blood in his veinB ; but Bungebdb, who is out of the same mare, and is if anything, stouter bred, is not a great stayer Camoola also seems to be doing well, but I must see him redeem his character and atone for the ignominious defeat he encoun tered in the V.R.C. AU-Age Stakes before I restore him to tbe high place he held in my estimation previous to that defeat. Tom Payten has a strong hand of threeyear olda, because he has two other good per formers in tbe flying Trieste and Artjjiebus. I thferk it very probable that Tom will win the A/jC, Derby, but be will have a much more formidable feat to perform when he essays thetaric of carrying off tbe Vic torian blue riband. SOU, if Autonomy can stay, I think he will win. (tboagb The Cap rtaS i who is doing as well as bis best friends .could wish, will be very hard to beat, and Hel-i and Arim mu6t be labelled e£ 4an ^ The news of the death of Michael O'Brien, which was received here in the early part of the week, caused much regret. Poor Mick, on aeeoimt of his great triumphs, was widely knowm, but there we one or two in the island who were iataiwtely ^wuainted jvitb him^nd, notwithstanding thattuey srere prepared for the news, they could pot h®lp , Temetting that his illness had at last proved fatal. Poor Mick had been a great. Batterer, end always a martyr to asthma, his Iubcc ultdmateJj became affected, and he wasted av&y; to a aieleton- His illness lasted nearly two years, anu for some weeks | prior to his death his rccoveTV waB con sidered hopeless. He was a fine hdr&eman;, . and could ride a great finish. Tasmanians know this only too welL What a race he rode when he stole a march ou Alec, Robert son, and did us out of a Caulfield Cup by landisip Ben Bolt in front of the ill-fated ?SUvernriae. Again, what a tremendous finish he rode, wk&n;, on Gardenia, be defeated our representative, Duke of Athole,for the Winter Handicap at FlemJ#gton. Mick was 2)4 years of age, aad waB mairfed po a daughter of Mr j J. G. Heywood, of Cauificdd. His first aaso- 1 ciation with racing was in cowecfton with { Mr Juan JtytaortjtoWe at fit. AibMM, bnt j 4 he won his first race — a maiden plate— at Bsirnsdalc lor the Hon. George v Davis, i Entering MrjF. 'F.Dakiti's stablest Fleming- 1 ton, ;O^Briett*Jode Darebiii.iwice i8 a .2yr old at Flemington unsuccessfully, ^O'Brien!* first, tng winwasou Calma in theCaulfield Oup, 1883, and this jsvas speedily followed by success In theChampion Stakes atFleming-r ton on' Le -Grand in 1884.. His inext im portant wins were on Sheet Anchor in the Melbourne Cup, and Ben Bolt in the Caul field Cup. - Shortly before tbe purchase pf Carbine, O'Brien had won tbe Melbourne Cup of .1868 lot' Mr Wallace on. Mentor. O'Brien and_Carbine in conjunction 'fairly swept the Australian turf of its chief prices. O'Brien, after the A J.C. Meet of 1890, be came too ill to ride, and has iievcf appeared in the ' saddle since. Mick O'Brien was a man of: extremely retiring nature and quiet demeanor, and, au a contemporary remarks, from whose lips an unseemly . expression hardly ' ever issued. His exceptional skin had brought him wealth, ' and to his credit be it said that -an appeal on behalf of a de serving case of distress was never made to bim in vain. 