SIX MONTHS IN THE GRANDE CHARTREUSE. Articles about the Grande Chartreuse from the outside and cursory observations by passing travellers are common enough; but it is not Often that we have the opportunity of reading intimate impressions from inside. This, how ever, is what is given us by ewriter in the March number of the Dublin Bedew who Bpent six months recently at the monastery as a novioe:— The novioe'B amount of his experiences be gins with the ceremony of introduction to the cloister. "Don Julian (the novioe master) washed and kissed my feet, reciting the Mise rere, and then shod me in the manner peooliar to the order, that is, in stockings of thick flan nel, terminating in gaiters, over whtoh were drawn flannel slippers, and finally a pair of square-toed, thick-soled shoes. Human inge nuity, by the end of the eleventh century, had not yet devised a garment that Bhould be stocking and soak in one, and conservative in this as in other points of greater importance, the Carthusians still follow the fashions of that far-off epoch." In this ceremony there is of coarse religious symbolism. The pilgrim arriving from the world soiled and stained "put? his shoes from off his feet, for the place whereon he atandeth is holy ground;" but, "like all the vestments now devoted to exclusively religious uses by the Catbolio Church, the divided stocking of die Carthusian, to-day fraught with monastic meaning, was originally the ordinary garment of the world at large." The Carthusian's "cell" b not so much a cell as a cottage. On the ground floor there are two rooms, one of which is a workshop coo taining carpenters' tools and a turning- lathe; the other is stocked with wood, wnich the recluse has to cut up for his fire. Upstairs there are three rooms—an ante-room (fur* nisbed with a few prints, a crucifix, and a statue), s. living room with bed, and a tiny library with just room for bookcate, chair, and table. In addition to the rooms desoribed each monk's "reserve" contains a passage, 40 ft by 12 ft, which serves as his exeroise pround when the weather makes garden work impossible. Each monk has a small garden, in which be can spend one and a half hours' recreation after dinner. The living-room is the real celL In it from five to seven hours daily are spent in solitary prayer and study. A plain crucifix and * few devotional prints are its only ornaments; its furniture a stall , and priedieu, a wooden bedstead, aamaUt&ble;, a j etove, and a chair. The Carthusian's order of the day has often been described. There te more novelty in the menu of his dinner. The dinner hour is noon, and our novice's bill of fare was as follows :— Soup, fiah, eggs, vegetables, cheese, butter, and fruit, washed down by a bottle of pure red Burgundy. The supper (4.30 p.m.) consiete generally of an omelette and a little salad and fruit The Carthusian feeds, as he lives, in solitude. Only on feast days are meals taken in the refectory. Once a week, however, the rule of solitude and silence is broken, and the mouka go out in two companies for a walk and talk among the hills. They chat merrily of their progress in ringing or at the turning-lathe. They revive the memories of early days or discuss their studies. But even in their walks they do not forget their task of perpetual prayer and devotion. "A young monk will mount on a boulder and relate in simple language some events from the life of * saint;" or they will "kneel down and pray a little, and then, a happy inspiration occurring to one of us, be intones the Aye Maris Stella, which we all take up." Every tourist who visit? the Grande Chart reuse is taken to hear the midnight mass from the strangers' gallery. Here is our novice's aooount of it from the choir: —"At mid night, while men axe plunged either in sleep or feverishly pursuing the pleasures of em with their infinite sadness, the Carthusian wends his lonely way through the chill cloisters to the church, where he unites with his brethren in gravely modulated chant. The monks have entered and taken their places, and are standing white and motionless in their stalls ; fibe cJinrcn is in darkness except for the faint glimmer of the sanctuary lamp. At length the prior gives the signal, and through the silence of the night rises die pathetic, ever lasting ay of the children of men to their Father in Heaven, 'OGod, incline unto mine aid;' the deep-toned voices of the community continue the inspired words, 'Lord, hasten to niy help;' and then, profoundly bowing in lowly admiration, 'Glory be to the Father, to the Son, and to the Holy Ghost' And for two hours and more in alternate psalm and canticle the* men of God will plead the cause of their brothers before the Throne of Infinite Mercy." 