1 SPrEITS. GOOO ANU KVIt. f According to psychologists and theosoph- j ists the appearance at wraiths, apparitions, ] doubles, gfaoetB, etc, of both living and dead ] Si on the eve of becoming »n established {act. j This class of phenomena, is epokea of in the theosophic language as astral appearances, W'lieh are visible on the wbal plans to the subtler stnses which d»f term the astral ei-nses Mrs Besant who has renoonced her ma eria istic teaching; »nd becomean anient and influential disciple of the later Madam BUvateky, ihe great apostle .of tfceoeoptay, claims that " the weight oF evidence is enor mously on the ode of sn<-h appearances ; that In all ages of tlie world human testimony'lute borne witness to their reality." Many people, no donbt, who possess the astral senses and who have had experience of phantasms and apparitions, will support this claim of. the; occasional visitation of epirifce. It is a well known fact that many bad spirits not only eiitft bat exercise a moat unwholesome in fluence on their victims. An it is on account that Wolfe's Schnapps, tin purest, beet, and most wholesome of spixitB, is superseding all others.' Beware of imita tions which are worthless shams.* . Ttae Who age of in^reas, SitiaigVMrial" raaehihtie practical prooif of this He emplMically asserts it ^jrill he thcBole a»i>"tEaiiient<>I peace ml arar<DB the planet we inhabit and * that, within ten - years. Balner «ytoon,in onc tjf hiB iruister piecee of JEelion, ~7U oming Race, infrodu.-esa peculiar componnd, known as ViilL : Xtis nattier ehot, cartridge, ball, dynamite, ni« cle tricity ; but an agency to de>trudii«is to eclipse aJJ tbe others combined. LjUoii't was purely and «i«>ply,a tlieoiy which emanated from a imge brain wilt almost in .gdian-table frt* lily -f resource. Bliiont isastern reality, to- <ay liis nuebtiwi oap sail through t e air with » dosen oocupaiite from Chicago or Siwr Toil, or Miyothgr American town or city to Iiondon, ¥«*»,- or any of the great European cautcas, with ei plosims which tbsy can drop «nd destroy » .afy with, leaving th« defenceleu people* smouldering ruin of bones and awes. Loq^(%iiAedesin of most people,«Init. wbowonldlike tolire to see thenefariouE deagta of tiicfe inventors pub info execration. | Bat it ainst be admitted, if progress bus in. ; traduced destructive agenaes. it has also h-ought ns many advantages; far Instance, in ' our own little town, see the many eon ?aiiencffl »e >ave that we f nnerly could not obtan! In^teact of thethr old -fashioned ?shop with a little of eraytihing. and not much of an t mg, from which yoa were compelled to eelect. no how distaste ful, now we hare honrss which make a «peo>l% of one «has of goods, cush as unoll'^ nf The Peop.-e'e Boot "Mart; in li s \- harters Tower* Stains you caa jstinm Boote and 6hoes to eelact from than in ail the. other ttom combined; lie explains it by saying, " laamot in thegroeeiy'tndeortiie fnnutara business, doa% even -keep iron mongery or crockeiywRre-I simply eell Boote and Shoes, which I atdn » speciality of; I getUieui from erpry known jnotoflit world firom where tfaey ean be had with ad vantage; I open new diode almost jemy woddngday in the year, cund Ieetl them nt pin* which make competitors thaVe their head* and nod fin « significant way, Baying it cannot continue. Well, it bus continued for five jieii», attheend of which tima Hie pro prietory on tiring away tab' «overeigag aa a b.jnns to his xnetameia." Wis eay, bravo Cmvll; go it, old man ; ?afcunnlito y«m» demands nnlimitrd success.* 