A Late Repentance; OR, THE LITTLE WHITE HAND. By aMrs. ll tIRY A. IDENISON. CHAPTER VII. (CONTINUED). The room was shut and locked; only poor Dalton stood by the door, his face utterly aolorless, his eyes red with weeping. The coroner had been sent for, the house was hushed and cleared, as became a mansion visited in one day twice by the angel of death. Andrew crept upstairs, with his odd sidling notion, and stationed himself beside Dalton. "I could have told 'em so," he whispered. "I saw it written in his face. Besides, he was altogether too free with his money. He offered me five dollars. I could have slapped his face for it." "Oh, Andrew ! so young, so beautiful, to die! I wish I could die too." " None but a fool could say that," was the answer. "For my part, when I see folks dead, then is the time I hate death the worse. How o you suppose he killed her ? Tbpillai fn , . r':x Don't tllthatway, Andrew. He never could have done it. "But he did do it, and that was what the old dame meant, mind you. He'll never come back. He never meant to come back.' "Oh, the wretchl" cried Dalton, his face growing fierce. " I could tear his heart out." " He'll never give you a chance, my dear boy. Ha l how mad they both were with me-the mistress and the master- but they will learn to put a little faith in lame An drew before they die. Why, I saw villain in his face before he spoke." There was a noise on the stairs, three men came up, their faces composed into becom ing solemnity. They walked as if the house belonged to them. They opened the door with a key, and threw open the shutters which somebody had closed. The maids were collected in a trembling group at the foot of the staire, several strange people had followed the coroner to the door, hut polite. unes kept them from entering. Out of the crowd this officer had selected a jury. They had the room to thesmselves awhile, inspect ing matters, talking in low voices, and then they departed as solemnly as they had come. Lizbet stood in the door of the living room as they reached the lower hall. The coroner, a man of some consequence in the little community, took off his hat to her as he paused. The others took off their hats. The mistress looked very pale, and her eyes were red. "Is the poor lady really gone?" she asked. "Oh, yes, the vital spark has fled; and as to the canuse, we shall know that ?oon. There must be a more thorough cxatsinrtion. Meanwhile every effort should be made to bring that wretch to justice. Oh, by the way, here is something we found under the pillow, or rather a copy. I transcribed it with a pencil, wishing to keep the original. It is very sad for you. very; so much trouble in one day. My regards to your excellent husband, and good-morning.' Dalton was called up ,u to decipher the letter, which was very ddlerent in psnmren ship to the dainty esligraphy of the lady. And this was the way it ran: TrsoAC Evrr. Sept.-, 18-. "Feeling impressed that I am on the eva of some great trial, I write this more to r, lieve my own mind than to give any clue tm my present name and iooPition. I am an Englishwoman by birth. 31/ father is a yeoman, by oame Leonard Wave, of Strat. "f ford 'bnrough in Lancashire. I am twenty-two years old. My fathrr was living sir years ago at the titm I left Ehgland I was then sixteen. I do not know if he is living at priesent, as I taavl had no communiciation with him sino-. BeDfore i left England I was married. MIy present name I have sworn to keep secret, and I dare not break my oath. Five years ago a litt'e girl was born to me. Before it was a c',r old my husband thought ii more prudent to ut it away. This was the mist:ake of my life; but I was so young, and so utterly de. pendent upon-my hauband." "SBuince then I have not seen my child. I only know that she was placed with rerl.ect able people. and that year after year I have, been promised that I shall see and c!lani her, I am nearer the fulfilment of that pr.ntis=e to-night-if all goen well-than I have ever been; but a strange and unaccountab!o 'iread has taken possession of me. I have not even se: told in what town or city my child is living. How do I know that she is living? Oh. if I could only go back to Stratford. and be a child once more I if I could only forget the past I Mly child I my little Dotty i Shall I ever press you in my arms in this world again l And you are only thirty miles away -only-thirty miles. Oh, that I has the atngs of a dove that I might fly to you, my darling. I don't know why I write thisoeavo that it is to relieve my burdened bea t. I ought to feel young, and yet I seem so oll so heart-broken. God oity me! Who will take eare of my child if I should be called a 7 That is all I hae to ly-al I. darc. " Well, now, 'lid Sou ever hear the like '" queried the astonished landlord. " It's as I told you. He was some distinguished gentle man, and she ran away with him. He got tired of her pretty face; and, as we read in books, here's the end on't. 'Lord blese us I It's well he left money for the funeral. It would have been sad to bury her by the town; such a pretty one I It's safe to say he'll never show his face here." "But if it's a case of murder," whispered his wife. "He gave it to her in the wine. Great Heaven I and I helped him to the hot water." "That's not to your dicredit," said mine host. " We keep a public-of course, we're always in hot warer." " Will they hunt for him ?" , "Of course they will." "And we sh3bl be in th,. pis:prs?" "No doubt on'-. We'll get advertising gratis. It will be the best thing could be for the old tavern. Perhaps we might charge for a sight of the rooms." His wife shook hI) herl. her sorrow, poor lasjb 1" she said. " t never took to a face as I did to here. She looked to young, so innocent. What would the mother of her say?" The general feeling in the little town was that of horror. .Xlen turned aside from their legitimate business to talk about it. Women ran from house to house, all curious to hear and to see. The story, as ,uual, gained in the telling. In how many ways the poor lady was murdered it would be impossible to tell. The tavern was hesileed. Idlers hung about it all day. It was an event in the quiet town that nearly turned the heads of the in habitants. CHAP'TER VIl. .LOaD OF ALDEIIImUOHS AT LAST. On the deck of thibCunard steamer, twenty miles out, the raiu pouring in torrents, stood Dunnieton. his cap was thinrt back from his forehead, and all the damp, rich locks were hidden. For the first time in twenty four hours he breathed freely. He had been a close prisoner in his state-room. Whether or not Ieoliae Huntley was on board he had no means of knowing. though he had listened in feverish anxiety for the sound of her voice, fancying it might reach him. He had not been in the cabin yet. The greenish white water churned into foam by the screw of the great steamer had long ago charged its quiet for the deep swell outside. The sky was steely gray, with not a cloud in sight. The decks were wet, slippery, and solitary. Here and there two or three old salts made their appearance on the forward desk. The cap tain stood motionless on the bridge; the steersman bens his shoulders to the exigen cies of the hour, and Dunniston, wearying of the monotony, turned to go down, when he noticed a cloaked and hooded figure com ing up. For a moment hii heret beat almost to suffocation. The liat, the veil, the water proof were all like Isolene's, but then hats, and veils, and waterproofs are so much alike. He stood aside as she gained the upper deck. The voice was familiar. " Oh, Mr. Dunniston l" But it wars not Isoline's. " It was so close down there it nearly made me sick. Oh, 1 am so glad to see you I All our party are hire but lsoline." lie put up his hand to lift his cap that she might not see the changa in his face. But ehc'heard him uottr: " GJod Heaven I" he. tsweetr his kteth. .. i hnvt?.eyou' wd;id be sorry to hear that," she said, with a enrious litt!e laugh. "So you see you will be obliged to he costanted with the company of the planet's eatellites instead of t:le planet beralf. Too bad, for we can not possibly console you." " Don't be too sure, Mies Laura. But I -I thought it was all arranged. "So it was. The great luminary has done nothing for six week but study maps of the Continent--b.,sa you she knows all Europe ; no need for her to go there. But all at once she says 'girls, I shan't go i" and nothing we could say or do seemed to shake her reso lution-neither for a long rime would the give the ghost of a reason. B..tty found out I didn't-that she had received a foreign letter the day before. Whether that had any. ting to do with it or not, I ean't tell." Again a shock that shook the man to the very centre of his being. ie had dared all. risked his very soul, and this was the result. So far, Isolene was lostl "Give me youtr arm, weont you, Mr. Dun niston? I declare, it is the first time that I ever had to ask that favor oif a gentleman," and Mosa Laura laughed again in her own stealthy way. " I beg ten thlotsr.nd pardons-I- bhave been traveling all night.' "Ah, that is suflicient apology. I know nothing that will make me so absent-minded as loss of s'e~p. You are forgiven." Together they paced the deck till the rising wind and the unsteady motion of the vessel made it desirable that the cabin should be gained, and Mios Laura alunse to her con ductor in a way that rui;ht have flattered some men, brilliant and pretty as she was. In the cabin the ladies flu:ttered round him, each one solicitous toseeure him. Walter Dunniston was esteemed a catch. Was he not next door to a title? But among all the ladies, only one followed his move ments with jealous, herrt·breaking glances. That was Laura VescholT. she who had just come from the upper deck, a Polish girl, on scrupulous, daring, and intellectual. Before he had met leoline IHuntley, he had almost declared his preference for her, and she had given her whole heart to him-in aword was madly in love. By some adroit management she lured him into a corner. " I could tell you, if I chose, something of that letter," she said, with downcast eyes ; but mind, it was not told to me by Is.,line." She saw the only way in which she could interest him was to talk abuot Ieoline. He turned to her, bent his whole attention to winning her confidence. His smile dazzled her; the touch of his hand, car. easiog hers, thrilled her. " Mr. Donni ston." she said, abruptly, " were you ever marr?d ?" li. had not expected this question, and it took all the latent power he was master of to keep his countenance unmoved. "And what if Iwere ?'' he queriod, coolly, " would that be tho unpardonable sin in Miss I olene's eyes ?" " I rather tlin;: it would-provided "-she blushed a little, then dashed at the words \--eour wife were living I" "Ahb, that alters the nase; pray who has been slaudering lue I trust Miss Huntley does not imagine that I would insult her by forcing my attentions on her in such a case." "Indeed, M . Dunniston, this letter not only spoke of your marriage,but that ynu had a wife living." ' T-n thousanr1 orses on the dastardly in. former I" cried Dunnieton, with a sudden p??i'rn. Thon after one or two heavy aenthn, he saw that the girl by his side had turned deadly pale. "I ask your pardon, M:se Laura, but it is hard to be slandered be hind your back, harder still to think that your friends believe it." Then there is no truth in it whatever ?" she akeod, flushing asain. " Half truth," he replied, with his usual serenity. " I have been married, but my wife is dead." His voice had grown hoarse and! low. He was conscious of an inward trembling, a hate and a loathing of himself, of every k1. "Oh, that accounts for it," said Miss Laura, drawing a long breath. "After all, one must blame Isolene a little. LDo you know, were I loved, all the world could not make me think ill of the beloved." This she said looking into his face with dewy, dark eyes, her bright mouth a little unsteady, the long lashes curling against her brows. "No. upon my soul I I don'r think you would." he responded, with a glance of un dissembled admiration. This was the crowning aureola of her hopns. For months she had been longing for just that glance, and in vain. "I wonder if he's going to flirt with me through the oyage, to consolehimsell !" ,was o ' ?Heaven this girl had Isoline's was his thought, and then he o e down and sighed. If he could only have seen Isoline before his departure, that once might have been his golden opportunity; but now she was still free, and all the world was courting her. Iý Timss.rL?_ Aen fnj djiapi r aid 4ies Laura, gyy, coorcef asdiO5 U sa r toilet all the braids and papillottes must come down that were now snugly tocked away under her hat. For'un,.:?ly I am not one of the viktims of rmal dI ,fsr--are you " I am never tea-elsec, tU &Ulu.; 1'n en we must be friends on this voyage. sworn to put up with all the dulliues anti monotony, never to get angry at card,, and never to mine a meal. Au recoir !" " After all." mured Dunniston.:a he turned away," I believe I always liked Miss L-tura best; and an it is- " He frowned, and pressed his lips together. Perhaps a a vision came beforehim of a little white hand. Hurrying to his state-room, he made afew changes in drese, and threw himself moodily on the sofa, under the bull's-eye. A paper that had been thrown upon the floor alter serving the use of a wrapper, attracted his attention. He took it up. The date was a ftesh one. SAh I maybe this is the paper. I don't thilnk I've looked at the newsp.piers for a week. Curioue I didn't ask Rfdden the date of his one. He's an addle-brained fellow anyway." He went over the paper patiently. It was of that day's dat. Suddenly, just before he turned to his last puge, he uttered a loud cry, and sprang to hia feet with an alnmost frenzied motion. His eyes gleamed, opening to their wident extent; his face enansed all over-grew for a moment fluahed, then darkened, and he dropped like a log on his scat. 1 In that paper he had read of the ufex pected death of the only person who stood between him and a title. The paragraph read thus: "We regret to state that Lord Dunniston died on Sunday, at his residence-Alder boughs-of apoplexy. We chronicled the death of his nephew a week ago, who 'was thrown by his horse while on a hunting ex pedition. The next heir to the title is a rather wild nephew, Richard Walter Dunnis too. Dick left his homin several years ego, and is at the present time sojpurning in America, to him, therelore. will descend the honer of keeping up the state of Aldirboughs. We believe the money was Ieft away from the heir expectant of the title. and trust the young man may come on with a fine fortune, acquired in the new country, by marriage or otherwise." 4* Well,"and Donniston drew a long breath. \--thene in-rt am Lord I unniston. Lord Dunniston 1" 4bi repeated sonorously; his voice fell again-" but as poor as poverty it self. My bank holds just a hundred and lifty pounds, won on a wager. A pretty condition that for a man to be in who expects to be the future master of Alderboughs-a house that eats up more than that sum in a week." He lifted himself from the sofa, and stretched to his greatest height; then stood and mused: "Lord Dunniston I" he mu tered, gloomily, ' and why should it have come to me " If she had had more faith iu me-faith in sme 1" and he laughed bitterly. " Well, at all events, we are quite now: if I have lost something, so has she. By heaven I she will suffer tor ture when she learns it. I know her proud nature. Yes, I shall at least make her suffer. As to the little Lady Laura"-hle laughed to himself-" the 'iady' esits my little Polish woman very well. She would suit it, too such ravishing taste in dices, end quite as pretty-not so regal, but more lovably pretty than my Isolioe. Pahaw I what am I dream in of I A more absolutely toolieh romance could not be cooked up. No, it won't do; but I must see what effect the news will have. I'll manage it after dinner." He was very gay during dinner. Miss Laura's heart leFpt to her mouth when she noticed that he had contrived to changeseats with an old Dutch farmer, who had made money enough to "go across," in order to sit by her side. Ah I it was a dangerous position for her-loving him as she did to absolutein. fatuation. " Miss Laura," he said, just after dessert, I've some very odd news to tell you. Contrive to get the rest of them at cards,or something, will yon ?" CHAPTER IX. DRIVEN BEYONI) IIIMSELP. Behold the two snugly esconeed in a va, cant corner of the great saloon. Here and there are other couples of groups; but long stretches of bright crimson sofa intervene, for most of the ladies have taken to their state-rooms. Many of them will not be visible during the voyage. The lamps swing back and forth suggestively. There is a sub dued murmer of conversation; the sound of slapping cards on the long tables; the rattle of dice; the long, monotonous slough of the sea-wind outside; the steady dash of rain and salt spray against the windows; now and then a harsh or a musical laugh, as the luck is for or against the player. "How snug this is for a tretea tere," said Dunniston, pushing his curls back with both hands and leaning lazily with his elbows on the table. " And how black it is outside ugh I Do you ever dread trouble on the water, Miss Laura ?" "No. Why should 17 It is too fatiguing to bother one's head with dread and misgiv ings. Besides I come of a race of soldiers. We Poles areunot a timid people,though for the the time conquered. There is only one thing to be deplored-in my own ease I ought to have been a man." "Oh, no, Miss Laura, don't say that 1" he responded quickly,lookiog at her with a bright smile. You had better he a woman and con. quer men. SWell, I wait for your lorehip to go on," she said, laughing. He started at sound of the title. " Have you heard it?" he queried, lifting his head. " Have I heard it? What 1" " This !" He took the paper from his pocket, and pointed to the paragraph. "Read it," he said, quietly. She did r' d it, and very quietly. Her color deepened, then vanished. She looked up rather coldly, and said; " I congratulate you, Lord Dunniston." " Thanks ; but pray don't be so very civil, or I shall think I have lost by my title." " I cannot help it," she said, quietly " At this moment I feel leacues from you. You are my lord," she added, with a stately bow. " Oh, come, now, that's nonsense. To be ure I'm a lord, bqt it's an empty title f$er r. Y?tu mit has':e realthe whole noticc' A, imlrpcunious lord is wose lft than an im poverished private gentlenan." "'I in.m so sorry you misdil the rich brie," sthe said, smiling a lttle,thnrgh her blue gray ey':s rrily had tears in then. " \':nt do you mean ?' ie asked, lookin! up. " But for that untortuiate letter Isolenn would have conme; and ano one can tell what the sequel would have beet. Ah, Isolenezan qif.cen is right royally. Aid then she is so bac utiful. "' There are others quite as beautiful," he said, coolly. "But the money-the ioneyl Ah, how we all love it I I don't disguise the fact from myself. You have learned to know how out pouken I am. My poor little fortune of five hundred a year seems at time so contemp tible. Not but that I have learned to live within it." " Five hundred a year!;' he said to him self. " I never thought she had half that.i' H* elESr."., .an" 5i· ~dtid" ge and bright. tivel "I shall have to to live in a corner of my castle and eat mush for breakfast, cooked by my solitary domestic, who must also be my ialet. The rest of the house must be shut up to dust and cobwebs." "Is it very nice?" asked Miss Laura, her blue gray eyes from their depths [of feeling growing more and more dangerous. "That depends upon what ' nice' means. The house itself is rather a grand one; it is of gray atone. You. drive through an old gate-way. one of the finest things, into a court. The house is extensively terraced sits high, and presents an imposing front. You may imagine any number of fine mulli oned windows, long and narrows-also all sorts of ancient statuary that surmounts the roof and arches. There are too, plenty of chimneys of the pictureeque order, doors, arches, buttresses and oriel and other win dows. I can tell you it's a fair sight lighted up on a dark night-but I shall never be able to light it-it would cost all I am worth to furnish candles I Think of that !" and he laughed harshly. " It must be grand indeed-even without the candles," said Miss Laura,drawing a long breath. " And now the inside, please." "Oh, that's all very fair. I don't think I've seen anything like it in America, though Americans furnish well. But there's a sort of antique splendor about our great drawing rooms-though now they will remind me a little of hotel parlors. But we're proud of our pictures. Lord Dunniston gave almost fabulous prices for pictures; it was his weak. ness. IBy the wry, it they 'go with the house, I might live o0f them for a few years." "What do you mean ?" she asked ouri ously. " l can sell one picture at a time, and live on the proceeds till they are all gone." "You will live just like all themen,extrava gauntly; whether you !taov much or little; that's what you will do." "Well, how am I to help it I Do you think I would bring a wife into such difll culty ?" " Not unless she could coonomize for you." "True; and if she couldn't, why I could starve her out, you know, in time. ' "Horrible I" "We might live very cozily together in some convenient spot, and play Cupid among the roser, you know; but what of our .wretched ta:esc? How could we exiat with o? .elcty 2" ; ',On, delightfully I" cried Miss Laura; " len't all society hollow and empty-hearted ? Haven't you found that out? Now to livein Arcadian peace atrd simplicity-to try to atone for all our eius and follies by leaving the miserabln exacting world-it wouldn't be so bad," she added, smiling. "To atone I No, by heaven! I never thought of til.t I" he muttered, with an al tered :ountenaance. "Miss Laura, could Ido it, do you tiunk ? I've been an intensely •rieked Inril." " I wonder who else would dare to say that'?" she queried, good-bumoredly. " But I hver--.nd there are some things there al. some thiuge," he repeated, absently, as if she were not listening," that cannot be atoued for." " Oh, no; don't utter bitter things against ounrself. \Vuatever you ca:d, I should not oee:tve you--whatever you had done, should forgive you." Sne hod no thought of the wonderful ten. decies her voice expressed, just then. Smitten with a sudden remorse, as he was, and a sudden longing to set lntmoelf right, it asio o.curred to isln as euddenly,what injury he mnight have done to this girl, so gentle and beutstul in appearance, Eo apparently nn cons?ious of llnat eyes and even lips con. fessed. Driven beyond himself by some power without or within, thrilled by by the sweet magnetism of eyes and lips, he laid one hand on hers, so soft and white, but as suddenly withdrew it with a look of horror. Would he never lose sight of tha? little white hand, outstretched beyond the bed curtains, so shadowy, so like the white flakes of early winter snow I In a moment, however, he re covered himself. "Miss Laura," he said, impulsively, under the influence of the magic of her eyes. I ain a penniless man, and a lonely one. I have been picturing only what is too likely to come to pass, a solitary life in one corner of my ancestral home. Will you go with me and keep the ghosts off? Lady Laura," he murmured-" it has a pretty sound, has it not? And-but no; it would be a sin to mew up that sweet, fresh face among old galleries; and the only vrhicle I shall be able to keep will be a velocipede. There's one there now, in the stables, it it hasn't got too shabby for use. Ah, no', you are laughing at me." " Indeed I'm not, Lord Dunniston ;" it seemed as if she had been practicing on the title; it fell so glibly from her lips; "but the picture of the velocipede was too much I And now, in sober earnest, willingly would I go with you but for the thought of-Iso lene." "Oh, hang Isolene I" he said, almost with anger, as he rose, and steadied himself by the table. "But if she had come?" " Very well, if she had come I'll not deny but things might have turned out differ ently ; but as she has chosen not to trust me "-his face darkened-" and as I am forced to believe you would have trusted me-" She caught at the hand nearest to her; a look of intense love came into her face. " Oh, indeed, indeed I would I" she ex claimed, her gray-blue eyes luminous. "Good heavens, Mr. Dunniston, are they looking this way !" They were looking that sway, every variety of expression depictwd upon the half-dozen faces coolly scrutinizing them. Miss Laura's face grew Fcarlet, and she withdrew her hand quickly. He turned round defiantly. " You have only to tell them that you have accepted Lord Dunniston,' he said, quietly. seeing that withdrawal noV had become im possible; "will that do? ' "Lord Dunniston, are you sure "' she murmured, falteringly. " Am I sure of h t ?' "That you are in earne4 ? That you will not repent ?" "That I am in earnest yea; that I will not repent--unless ou ourself force nme A long, lina:r, ing ok of love, and Duunta oll felt compensated. - "To atone," he muttered, as she relnat. antly left him-" to atone; GCod knows whether there is a chance for me, but I will try." Then ho shivered, and, moodily enoeuih, for a man just engaged, left the sl.oon. i OHAPTEPT X. nona INTo T0 Tr. sa. Dunniston was a little startled the follow ing day by the exaggeration of ceremony that foil.wed his entrance. Among the curious groups that gather together in ocean steamers, there are nrceeearily some who have been born with but a small inheritance of a very necessary appendage to human thought and individslnsy, namely, brains. Two or three of this el is belon ge to Miss Laura's party. One of them had the insufler able meanness to rise as Dunniston came for ward to take his seat at table. Doeniston was a little nonplused at . I thin show, thoa.shlhe was be pA means a re honore :omewhlat uneasily. He looked care worn and a little cross,though he had bright ened at sight of Miss Laura, who (everybody knew that, too) was his alliancrdrwife. And, oh, how much more petting, and carressing, and coneulting she got on that account. However, the novelty of the feeling wore off. Dunniston minutely described his castle home to her, beginning as the basement stone, and going up to the bronze knight with a lance in bis hand on the Cussess. He talked over the me,:eye-they settled 1ow they two should live in one corner of the house, and appear out only on extraordinary occasions. To his infinite astonishment. Lady Laura, who was to be, deelared she had made her own dresses and bonnets for years, that no Parisian dressmaker could by any possibility have suited her as she suited herself. And cer tainly one could hardly have fancied her dresses came from the hand of anyone but a Pariicnne. So the days wore on, and they were within a few miles of Q :censtown, when one night the awful sounIa of a blow on the hull struck consternation to all hearts. There had been a fog for two daya, and a strong wind-al moat a hurricane-bad set in since noon. Twilight was gathering, and so were the clans on board the steamer. At first people smiled in each other's pallid faces, in which was expressed a gloomy hope; but soon the oflicers aud sailors were seen to move with hurried gestures, and men,women, and children began to pray and cry for mercy. The cene grew more afullly diahearton. ing every hour. Orders were issued that each passenger should put on a life-preserver, but many, having given up all hope, sat dull and passive, nppurently giving no heed to the peril of t.le hour. Others again ran wildly about hoping to find some way of es cape. A noise of the scrapsing of chains was heard, and by this they knew that tihe men were putting the boats out. And now ensued a seer. which, for the credit of human nature, heoi beat not be minutely described. The sailora, with no care or thought beyond that of their safety, had manned two of the hboats, ansi in spite of eutreaties, threats, and even the use of fire-arms, by which lseveral of their nuuober were wounded, sucee,:ded in getting as ay. To crown the terror of the spectacle, the sea, as the vecael had worked round, raln at n foartul hsivht, and each time the cruel waved rwept over :he deck ;:ey caerrier: off some shrieking passenger. Dunniston, with a fxed white face, stood holding to the mast, listening to the tbunder ing surf tones, wet to the skin, and looking right before him with eyes devoid of specula tion. Among the crowd a woman was seen el bowing along, and keleping her footing by al most superhumr.n exertions. Her dress clung to her figure, all saturated with sea water. A long white woollen scarf crossed her hegd, came round her ni ck, and was tied behind the waist. Her curli, damp and lustreless, hung far beyond her belt, and her eyes, blue-gray eyes, were filled with horror that gave a wonderful dramatic intensity to the beautiful face. ",At last I" she said; and with a low cry, partly joy, partly fright, fell forward on the arm her two slender hands bad graspedl. "My God! you, too, Laura l" groaned Dunniston. "I, too? Yes, all of us. You never dresmed I should be saved, did you? Dsd you not fancy I would rather he drowned with you? Oily close to you, in your arms, my darling ! Oi. ow cold I am I No, no. Keep your coat nrould yon, accl i tr Ileaven's sake, don't let me go i Oh, Walter, is there no hope? and where are we going to? I am so miserable I" "There's no hope. I fear. Look out I" rhey both cowered under the drenching of the huge warave that swept completely over them; and rtesrs;l who stood near them went, with pierrsin.; ahrik.s, over the ship's side. "' old os. I'll protect you as long as I can ; till the ship goes down at all events." " Oh, Walter, here's an: end to our lovely planse" she said, looking up with quivering lips. " And leoline, God has saved her. Why couldn't ave save so? Why dlid He lot us some in this doomed ship ? Do you think me a coward for cryieni 1" and she looked up into ais face like a penitent child. "No. I only wish I could cry," he said, hoarsely. " I can't cry. I can't feel. I am like stone. But. never mind, I dare say we shall com, up somewhere." "Dlnt where. \'alter 1 C have ecarcely even given such a thing a thouight. Where shall we meet after-after--?" and with a long, thrilling shudder she hid face again on his shoulder. Another wave. Only by clinging with all her might could she resist tne impetus to go as it receded. "Hold tight 1 Here, I'll tie you to my arm with this scasf;" and he unwound it from her face and neck with dilliculty, and clasped her to him as he bound her arm to his. Then he kissed her, and had just time to secure himself to the iron ring, when a wave more terrible than any rolled over them. Bhrieks, imprecasionsa, cries for mercy fol lowed. The wrind blew fiendishly, as if mocking their mitery, the ship was thrown upward and forward, and the sound of the rocks weas horrible. " Oh, WYlter, it's no harm to tell you now that death i· stariing us both in theface,how I loved you. 1 have slade you my god. I have worshipped you ever since I knew you. I have envied every woman I saw you look at. I have hated Isoline. But, oh, 'a ling, darling, I do not fear death so very much ill meet it with youl Is there no way we can be saved? Must we give up all hope of life? Can you not swim ?" " I cannet swim," was the answer. " Un fortunately, I have always had an aversion to the water asd never cared to learn, But even if I could,in such a sea as this-with all the poor crazed craireatures asolt us, and the rocks beneath--I could not help myself even. No, I thinkt our time hes come." And he set his teeth. "Oh, Walter, I--1 don't want to die ?" she moaned. "No, it's not a pleasant thinig to contem plate. One feels snontimas tut-t one has geot to die, but sees it only in the future. It is different when you arefsr'.,id out of a life driven against your a ill. while ivery pulse beats healthily in a round body. To be driven-to bh, Ireed out-to die by accident, storm, or- munrderl--oh, rstear~fqlf l" And he shuddered. :' Teon there is no hope ? The ship feels steadier now," murmured Laura. "Yes, becauee she is settling," he made an swer. " And we must go down with her I" She clasped her hands convulsively. "We must. I have been planning ever since we have been here; bu, every available thing has been thrown overboard by others. when Fate decides, what are we? Mere play things in her hands." " Oh, but--God I" murmured Laura, shud deringly; and the terrible answerchilled her to the marrow. " i have nothing to do with Him." "Oh,but I have I have1 I am afraid to go with all my sine upon my head. And since there is no hope"-her voice grew fear fu ly hoarse-" I must tell you something; I canrnot help it; L must--trusting to God's mercy for forgiveness-for I am heartily sorry. You will not forgive me. I am pre Iparoei for your hate and scorn. But what will It manter where we are going? Oh, Walter, I did it for love of you I I was crazy, mad; call it what you will; but I did it for love of you. Walter. I forged that letter r-t.- '.".sa."o, - olt Lo?oJsi5sg, towards you. Nou sttrike l" She stood cowering with nowed head after this confession. " You !" He strained at the woollen knot for a moment, as though he would rend it asunder. His face had grown livid; his teeth were ret. She put out her hand. The gesture made him shrink away with bated breath. "Hate o e, but don't do that I" she cried, with a voice full of anguish. ' IRemember, if you loved her, I have saved her life. Should you be spared, you may go back again, even if I, too, am saved-.for oh I it seems as if I would almost give my soul for life, dear life 1" " I thought you said it was a foreign letter," he muttered. " It looked lile one. I altered an envelope she had received from London some little time before. Oh I are we going down very fast ?" " Very. Look you-as this seems the time for confessions, let me parallel your duplicity by informing yeou that I also have deceived you. I had a wife probably when you wrote that letter. For love and hope of winning leoline, I - murdered her - and in cold blood." He felt the arm that !was bound to him strain for a moment as the girl shrank from him in horror. "Norr, will you please inform me how you learned that I had a wife ?" " I did not know it. Your former valet was the lover of afriend's dressing.maid. She told me that once when he was in liquor, he hinted that he coual tell something about you -that you had a wife living." "That- Rd ldan I" muttered Dunniston, with an ejaculation little beseming the time and the peril. "But you surely do not mean what .yon told me I You only wished to punish me." "I have told you the truth in face of death,' he answered. She put her hand out, and touched the breast of his coat--he threw it angrily off, with another oath. "Walter I Walter! in spite of all I-1 -love you," and her head fell upon his shoulder. He would have thrown her off, for he felt that she had fainted, but at that moment the mighty mast toppled, shri'ked, twisted itself like a tree torn by the roots, and with a great and horrible cry from those who had been litoning to .it th.. '.. e.t .hoot., went ..-. into the dark surging ocean, carrying death with it, crushing and maiming pitilessly all who were not borne down inso the boiling, seething deeps. Dunniston lost his hold, and fortunately was not struck. For a few moments he felt himself sinking, and parted from his afli. anced, but coming in contiact with a floating object, he siezed it, and managed to keep his head above water. Again and atiain was he submerged, though clingsing with a death grasp. lortunately his feet had got entangled in some other light and floating body, but the constant pressure of the water, the fre quency of the inrollitng waves, the cold and the inereasin, numbness of his fingers, made his elifrts less available to sustain life. A great horror and blackness came over him. He looked up to try and get one glimpse ' f the dreadful skty above him. His thoughts grew more and more indistinct. Just over his head the waves seemed to open, and amid their eudden crystalne eplendor, their hues of changing green, and gold. and purple, he saw a little white hand held down from above as if to lift him up from death. With a great cry he held up his own right nand to grasp it, when lo I it dissolved into mists, and with a great robbing groni, he saw the last of sea, and cloud, and rugged rock, and went down, down. down. 