©riginai floetrg. JOHN McDOUALL STUART, OB ADELAIDE'S DEBT AND DUTY. [By G. F. Chikheh.] IiiBten ! ye who would be patriots, lovers of your native land, 'Who would eee a new-born people in the van of nations stand ! 3Tor the lords of bat and baseball, and of oar, we raise fanzzahs — Shall we fail to land the brave ones -who for as received their scars ? Israel's leader bade them, pile on Jordan's banks the dripping stones, There to stand a silent witness to the ages when the bones - Of the rearers long had crumbled. Athens, n her classic days, Vrave, in lines engraved by sculptor, immor tality to praise. . ' - Some, to patriot, sage, and warrior, sought her lasting debt to own Uy adorning fane and forum with biographies in stone. Sow the great republic honored Gneus doth not History tell? 3?or the mighty Caesar, murdered, nigh to Pompey's statue fell. Irom the monolith, rose-tinted, thither to Tamesa borne, Down on argosies of nations, Mizraim looks to-day with scorn. And, to human greatness giving veneration that is meet, Art has filled with forms of beauty park and square and busy street — Object lessons— where the millions press and struggle to and fro, Where the tides of men and women, inter mittent, ebb and flow ; Kindling thought and high ambition, bidding strangers question ' Why?' -Giving wings to fame, and touching springs of life which hidden lie ; Sowing, mid the toiling masses, Emulation's fruitful seeds. There to germinate in daring and in doing kindred deeds. Yonder stately sister city, whence two fateful heroes hailed; There has raised a proud memorial of a band that nobly failed, And shall we, from him who conquered in the long protracted strife, * Sack withhold the victors' guerdon, which were his, had not his life, Sorely sapped, and 'fiercely stricken into help lessness and pain, From the border- land of dying slowly turned to us again! Stall refuse the bushman tribute, who by patriot ardor eent, Drave, for us, the wedge of Knowledge through the unknown continent ! Broke the spell so long unbroken ; tore the mystic veil aside ;'? fearless, trod a trackless region long to Saxon foot denied. Born where, . as a maid, demurely, from a rashly proffered kiss, Turns her face, cold Scotia turns Apollo's ardent buss to miss ; Kature in her South Land found him, and her future master nursed, Koughly nursed, with hard and rude hands, till in knowledge he was versed ; Knowledge of her moods and manners, her austere but kindly ways, For a score and two of summers in the long unclouded days. £y the winter's camp fire taught him ; soothed him with her forest song. With the voice of bush and scrubland, and of swamp and billabong : Filled his fancy with fair visions ; fed his brain with brilliant flrpamR, When the stars, from heaven stooping, touched his eyelids with their gleams ; Trained him in her school of hardship, when beneath the flag of Start, In the drought's great desolation: thus, his loins for service girt ; Smote tmn with her lurid dnststonns ; bronzed his face with rays of flame ; Till the day that found him ready for his great achievement came— Till the hopes of our Australia for the coining Says he learned, And the fires of one great purpose deep ?within him glowed and burned: Of an eager, wistful purpose, the recesses to explore Of a wild and trackless region, dimly stretched from shore to shore, Overhung with clouds of mystery, haunted with a gloomy spell, ' ' Weary zone of drought and sandrift, whence there came the breath of hell — - Breath at which the scanty herbage sickened out of eight and died ; Where with scorching feet stalked Summer, brazen-faced and fidless-eyed. Perils realand horrors fancied Stuart dauntless faced and met: There to pitch his tent, whence driven was his chief, his heart was set ; Obstacles whose swelling measure we have lost the means to gauge In the faded after-knowledge of a more luxu rious age. ' Thrice to earth he threw the gauntlet ; thrice essayed the task in yain ; - - Thrice withdrew repulsed, but quailed not; undeterred, he tried again; Though the tidings of disaster on his ears ill omened fell . ?''.'. As he bade the hill-girt city of the south and friends farewell. Then he forced from Earth her secrets— secrets she reluctant yields ? Only to the.Toyal foeman who a tempered weapon wields. Through the lone land, sternly, slowly, scarred and smitten day by day. With elect and loyal comrades, he, the leader,' urged his way; Where red Helios, lika a Gorgon with the fabled serpent-hair, Turned the sand-waves into granite with a petrifying stare. Where the treach'rous cruel Serab limned its scenes in colors fair — Pictures of Elysian beauty, fugitive as globes ofair— ! . . And with phantom lake and islet, painted in refracted beams, Lured to death, and then eluded, like the ghost of evil dreams. - And a Minotaur, more deadly than the mon ster Theseus slew In the labyrinth of Minos helped by Ariadne's clue, Had, in solitary mazes of the wilderness, its lair, Where its victims perished, maddened, in tilt tumults of despair. Thrice and thrice the crescent floated in a burnt Thrice again they saw it faintly on the breasb of evening lie; Till at length. the ocean breezes fanned their faces from the north. And there came, from lungs exhausted, feeble . bursts of cheering forth. Through the wilds, hurrahs re-echoed, as the anftll and struggling band Heard the wash and hollow thunder of the -waves along the strand : Till they saw, their paces quickening, through the trees, the sapphire sea, And exultant plashed the waters, childlike, in excess of glee* 3?one were there to give them greeting : in the offing loomed no sail: ISTot a word of welcome met them ; while two thousand miles of trail, Trail of steps to be retrodden, dotted out its weary length. Over which, their way retracing, they must pass with 'minished strength. But Ae dream was now accomplished, so they flung their banner high, And with reVrence breathed thanksgiving to the Lord of earth and aky. Then, as Jason, back from Colchis, homeward bore the golden fleece, _ . Southward, stricken, but m triumph, Stuart turned his face in peace, Back, pursued by Beath|s lieutenants, charged as those of Syria's king, ;: ?'Fight with neither great nor puny, only dart; and jav'iin Sing .' . -' At the monarch.' Thus they pressed bun,;. hardly, lion-hearted chief ; . . ? Pressed till life were but a burden, till' to die' had been relief ; ?;.'.' 33aefc, to patriots who had sent him forth' upon bis great emprize ; To the town, whence, now, the ?fleet- winged message o'er his footprints -flies ;'?'.' 'Where the tidings of all nations and the records of all trade, And the news of human progress daily at our feet are laid ; To the city that forgets him, now to grace and beauty grown, . Heaping harvests of advantage from the seed that thus was sown— Sown with such excess of courage, and such plenitude of zeal \- That the long- neglectful period cannot glory from him steal. As the limits of the unknown less and less must ever shrink, Back involved, the earth subduers from the face of life must sink ; ' . But the. fruit of their endurance and denial must remain, Though the place is disregarded where their bones may long have lain. Though unnonored by his city, Stuart's act of highrenown Places on heroic action, in this southern land, its crown; .'-? . . ?,.'.. And in our Austeaba s records, rich in slowing entries, Fame '. Writes, above a host of heroes, John McBouall Stuart's name. ?? - ? ? ?? ? : -? 'Was it kindt or was it cruel 2 that the hand of Death was stayed ; That upon the fevered pulses cooling finger tips were laid? - Kind or cruel, that he did not, in the strife, upon the field. Fall, Eke Burke and Wills ; or suffer, Leichardt like, a fate that's sealed ! Who shall say! shall we not! doing duty ? waiting to be done ; Failing which, his country fails to honor a distinguished son. Doing which, when children's children ask — ' What mean ye by these stones ?' 'Thus,' the fathers shall give answer, 'Ade- laide her giants owns. 