tOOLE ON AND OFF THE Mr. Toole has now for so many years been the acoopted head of tho comediniiH of London that It would bo Idlo to dismiss his merits at this time of day. It is to the olass with wliioh wo rank Lioton. and ilia suocossor Wright, that Sir. Toolo 'emphatically belongs. He is a "droll" rather than a comedian. Tho quiet domestic pathos of Koeley is as muoh out of his true lino as tho strnngo and exceptional power of ltobson. Tho last is perhaps no fair test of com parison for any one, for his gifts wcro emphati cally his own ; and his genius, in what we take to bo that vexed word's one unmistakable sense, was unmistakablo. Ho could bo, and he was, really and intensely tragic at times ; and wo believe thnt it was nothing bat unaffeotod mis trust of his own powers and . liis own size that provontcd his trying real work as a tragedian. At least, it is 'certain that Tom Tnylor, who know and could measure him as well as any man, Wrote his Fool's Scvcngc— suggested , by the Soi s'Amuse of Viotor Hugo— especially for ltobson, and only fell book on Phelps somo yoarB afterwards be- causc tho little great man could not malca up his mind to the experiment. Perhaps he knew his own limitations, and felt that with too muoh aiming at tragedy ho would only fall into tho burlesque of which ho was so immonso a master. Perhnpsit was but mistrust, and lie did not know Churchill's famous lino Pritchard's genteel, and Garrick six foot high. Once, in a piny called Dcnror thnn Life, Toolo faced a direct contrast with ltobson, of whoso popular piece, Tho Porter's Knot, tho later drama was a direot copy. And while ho made of the part an excellent bourgeois character— tho line in which as an actor lio most succeeds; reminding us at times of Geolfroi of Gymnaso famo — ho missed the truo noto of domostio tragedy so conspicuous in Sampson Burr. Pathos wns tho absoluto key noto of that wonderful piece of noting, as was force in Daddy Hardacrc. It is needless to say that Mr. Joseph Hatton, the complaocnt chronicler of the remi niscences before us, for which ho appears to havo interviowod Mr. Toolo in a curiously varied manner, at sundry times and in divers places, takes his own view of the contrast, and revels in tho " consummato " and the "intonso" till adjectival forco faileth. But he is tho good natured mouthpiece of a good natural man. One thing, however, wo can certainly add to his reminiscences very highly to tho actor'b credit, a performance which, oddly enough, he docs not mention at all. in tho small part of a servant in Bouoicault's drama of The Phantom at the Adolphi, he lmd to come on the stago after having seen a ghost whioli the audience didnotsoe. Itwas a very brief scene, but splendid. Wo havo never seen aheer nervous terror more wonderfully deplotod, and have rcmcmbored it evcT since. Wo do not know that Toolo ever struck the same note again. The present writer does not romomber evorto have seen him in any of the characters of "high low- comedy " liko thosa of Shakspenro or. Sheridan, and cannot well imagine him eitbor as Acres or ns Touohstono. But in Paul Pry he has held his own with any actor since Wright, vindicating his position as "first droll," whioh ho kept up so well in parts liko Charles or tho Buticr. During the earlier period of the run of The Don, he enmo muoh nearer again to comedy pnro and simple. But he has always required to bo "fitted" mora carefully tlmu most notors, and through his mouthpioco lie is always kind and courteous to those who havo provided for hiin— to Byron, to Mr. Burunud and to Mr. and Mrs, Merivnlc, tho latter being the first of the ladies who havo sinoe taken the dramatic field, of whoso fresh and genial writing wo hope to hoar more. Sir. Toolo lias, moreover, been an effective illustrator of Dickens, in parts like the Artful Dodger, or Buzfaz, or Caleb Plnmmcr, though Koeley had preceded him very effectually in that field. But Dickons paid him the compliment of saying thnt when ho wrote Great Expectations, though with no dramatic views for himself, ho had in his oyo the comedian for Joo Gargory, and Webster for the conviot. It is probably not the first timo that a novelist has written aharnctcis with a view to imaginary actors, but it is an interesting record of Ilia fnot. It is n really good way of arriving at flesh and blood reality. The book before us, of course, is a perfect store house of anecdote of nil kinds, now nudold, truo and dubions — good, bad and indifferent. Tho Americans, fertile in a language all their own, call an old story a "chestnut," and Mr. Hatton. tolls up that severe persons carry what they call a cncsinuE.ucu wiui siiom, auu MUSIC is wnon. anybody tells in their presence what we should, wo supposo, dcscribo most nearly as a "Joo Miller." One of theso gentlemen distinguished himself by ringing his at oliurcli, when tho preacher alluded to Jonah and tho wlialo. It must depend very much where and amongst whom tho reader of this book may have lived, whioh and how many of tho stories of this volumo may be as chestnuts to him. The majority of them aro in any case entertaining enough to forbid the most Hovere of oritics from ringing his boll. There aro two capital anecdotes of the strange Irishman, Sheridan Knowics, a dramatist of a singular capacity and knowledge of stage effect, combined with a mastery of blank verso of a rather pcouliar kind, which gives bim him his own niche in stago literature. He was an actor also, and aftorwards turned' proachcr ; but was distinguished for bulls. Ho sont £200 in Bank of England notes to bis wife in London, which failed to roach her. Ho angrily demanded of the Postmaster-General an explanation and apology, ns lie happened to bo unusually cer- tnin of the day and hour when hobad posted thorn, and denounced the authorities willi energy. Tho answer was pleasant and courteous, with the assurance that tho Minister know bim as a friend by liis works, and was only keeping the monoy at the post office till the address was known, as it had been sent in an envelope without any address whatever, and only, "I send you the money," writton inside. " My dear sir, yun aro right, mid I am wrong. God bless yon ! was Knowles s answer. Ou another occasion he rushed noross the Strand to shake hands with " 0. Smith," an actor well known by his initial, and ask after his health. Smith, who knew him only by sight, thanked bim, bat told him who ho was. "I beg your pardon," said Knowics ; I took you for your namesake, T. P. Cooke." As for the postal story, it has a quaintcounterpart in thataneofToole'smany oity friends, who hover would' put any address on his envelope but "J. L. Toole, Esq.," on the ground that tho post office always knew where ho was travelling. "You get it," he said ; "you get it, my boy." It wns Toolo'a sugges tion that ho might Bend, him £100 to test it. Tho point of tho story is that Toolo, though so well known in London as to have a theatre of his own name, is, and always has been, a country aotor in a sonse. No man eould bo an entitled to solvo the question whioh reoently ooonpied tho law courts whether Islington is in London or tho provinces. For throughout liis career, at all evciits since he became independent, lie has devotod a good half of the year to a provitioial tournoy, not only in tho great centres, but in what aro called "ono night towns;" so tlmt in the courso of his travels he lias, as his chronicler says, been everywhere, in England and Ireland, in Scotlaud and in Wales, and will now act with as muoh personal satisfaction beforo tho nitiliniifin nf n. riii'iil hnrnncrh as to a critical crowd in London. " Toolo is coming 1 " nud "Toolo lor ono night only!" aro familiar Icgonds in many an out-of-the-way country dis- triot, ovon among tho modern placords sur rounding thorn. And it was by finding himself faoo to faoo with ono of those advertisements wlioti wandering in a little midland town, that the compiler of tills book, at an early stage of the art of interviewing, was induced to attempt tho fulfilment of a London editor's com mission, to look up his old frioiul tho comedian at tho theatre, and to begin his talk. IIe„found Toolo characteristically engaged in a discussion with a stolid poliooman who, there being no stago door, felt it his duty to refuso to tho star of tho evening admission into tho hall at any prioo, without the "yellow liokot which signalised tho county people. This is not the only time that a star has been thus placed. Not long sinoe, wo had tho pleasuro of witnessing Mr. Tree civilly but firmly "moved on " before the door of his own theatre, for obstructing the queue waiting for a Hamlet mntinilo. . And wo havo hoard of a'brldegroom who could obtain no admission from tho official to his own crowded wedding at St. George V t ha had modcBtly explained that the BUdlcnco could nave no fan' without him. Suoh are tho men in office whom the Gcrmnii Emperor delights to. honor. Edmund Kean and Eiliston the great, and others of date as early, havo their corners in this disetirsivo volumo; and among tho army of jokers, it is pleasant to disoovcrno less a per son than tho Prince of /Wales, who determined to surpriso liis familily and friends at Sanilring- liam by an impromptu porformnnoe by Toolo and his company. As it was necessary to make tho preparations, tho prince proposed to introduce Toole's manager and alter ego, Lovoday, a man of singularly refined nppenranco and manners, under tho guise of tho "Spanish Amhassndor." "Oh, but P oannot speak Spanish, sir," said Loveday. " Nor can they," said tlie Prince. A less satisfactory nppoaranco before royalty must have been when Toolo, accompanied by his friends, had to " rein up " a Scotch pony at In- vcrcauld while the Queen passed. As an un skilled horsoman, the aotor did his best to "think of Mnzcppa,"and made tho Queen smilo as a loyal low comedian should. That such a joker as Mr. Toolo should occasionally bo tho victim of a joke, is fair, and ho is qnito willing to toll of good natured josta on himself— as of bis waiting about outside a photographer's in Biiyswntcr, in tho poliacman's clothes in which lio was to be taken, and very narrowly escaping capture by tho real Simon Puro upon liis bent, whose oyo immediately suspeotod tho comedian ; or of his frionds, .Tamos tho aotor and tho Into Lewis Wingfield, taking him in on his own birthday as Irish lawyers interested in the career of his son, thon studying for tho bar. There is much quaint rending in theso all round olironiolcs of tho practical humorists. . Hero wo must close our briof ohroniclo of tho roliof 'sido of lira, though it is but fair to Mr. Toole to give somo instances of his sometimes undoubted wit. Tired by a very long dolay at Bury St. Edmunds station, ho blandly asked for tho station master, who came up all politeness. " When is the funeral to take place?" asked Toolo. " Whose?" said tho perpioxed officer. "Why, we lmvo come to bnry St. Edmunds, haven't we ?" Not long sinoe, when somo energetic county coun cillors, unless it was thon board of workers, applied one morning at his theatre to inspect the Indies' dressing rooms. "Oil, send tiiem away," said he. "Tell thorn the ladies aren't there." Equally ready was his retort, when awakened at Buxton by a railway portor putting his head in at tho window: " Buxton !" (Buck- stone). "No, Toole!" Those last two aro not in the book, but we believe genuine, For many more niglits than ono ouly, may Toolo bB as able and willing ns theso pages' show him. — Spectator. , v Remimsceheu of J.. A. . - Related by him self, aud ohronlclod by. Joseph llatfcoii..' New aud cheap edition. London : G. Boutlodgo .and Son. 1892\. ' 