Wliose Was tlie Hand? Bi Miss Ebabdon, Attthor of 'Lady Audley's Secret/' &c.; CHAPTER XI.— (Continued.) Tic asked if they bad just come from Lamford, :ud was told of their Italian winter. ' We are going back to River Lawn almost im mediately,' said Clara, 'I am longing to be dEnongniy household gods/' ' Even Venice could not make mother false to TJiver Lawn,' added Dai?y. ??? And are not you glad to go home, Miss Hat ivll :-' asked Florestan. '? Honie is always sweet— yes, I shall be glad to cee all the dear old things aeain — gai den, river, books, horses and dogs, and boats — but Venice v.as simply intoxicating. You know it, I sup pose ;' ?? By heart. There are very few spots in Italy that I (Jon't know. There eoes the curtain.' The curtain rose, and Fiorestan was silent, Jefeirino- his visit to Madame Quijada's box till tb:5 end of the act. He hau looked up once while be ~as talking to his friends, and had seen that hdy's keen black eyes watching him intently, while her daughter, wrapped in the music, seemed unconscious of all else, and ceitainly uncon cerned about him. He J^ft his place after the curtain fell, and went straight to the box, where the open door suggested that he was expected. ' 1 am sorry not to see Mdlle. Dolores,' he s.iid, when he had excuanged greetings with both !s.dies. ' She sends you her best thanks for your cour teous invitation,' replied Madame Quijada; 'but :-he very seldom goes out in the evening. Our appearance at that pood- Madame Duturque's was an exceptional event.' I ' It is a pity that so much beauty should be j hidden from the world,' said Florestan. | Madame Quijada bowed her acknowledgment | of this speech, and returned to the contemplation ; o. the audience. She seemed to know everybody j of consequence in that assembly — by sight ; but j the recognised no one as an acquaintance. ?? You were talking to some friends in the . stalls, just now,' she said to Florestan, with her J e;-es fixed upon the Arden party ; ' a very hand some woman, with a handsome daughter. They ar; your compatriots, no doubt ?' ' Yes, they are English. The lady is my next door neighbor on the banks of the Thames. '' She hss lately married for the second time.' Louise Marcet followed the direction of her aunt's eyes, and looked down at the stalls, where the two beautiful heads, with rich auburn hair, *rere conspicuous in a central position. Tlie orchestra was silent just now, and Louise's thoughts were at liberty. '? Is she a great lady in England, a lady of title ?' asked Madasna Quijada, curiously. ??' No, she is the wife c2 a commoner. She and her husband are Tvell oS and of good family, but they are not great people.' ?' What is the lady's name ?' 'Ar.ien. Her daughter is Miss Hatrall.' \- Hatrell !' Louise Marcet repeated the name almost in a whisper. There was something iu her tone that startled Florestan, and he was still more sur prised on looking at her to find her ashy pale. [ Her aunt saw the change in her face and rose j quickly and supported her to the back of the box, ! -K-here she moistened her temples with. eaude Cologne. '? Tlie poor child will be better eooh,' she said to Florestan. ' She lias been subject to these vretc'ied swooning fits ever since her illness. Come now, Louise, you are better now, are you not ?' ' Yes, I am quite well now. It was nothing.' 'Oh, it was very nearly a fainting fit. We Lave just escaped all the fuss and anxiety of a swoon. 'What was it made you feel ill — the lisht and heat, or the excitement of the music ?' ?' It was the lieht, perhaps. It gave me a kind of vertisro. And I was so interested in looking at Mrs. HatreU,' she said, pronouncing the name T.itli an accent whinJi somewhat disguised it. 'TtU me about her,' she went on, turning to Piorwtan ; ' she is your friend, you say ?' ?: Ves, she is my friend.' '? And she has married for the second time, kteiy?' '?' Quite lately, as late as last September.' ' And she is happy ?' '?' I suppose so. She has gone through a deal of trouble, but I conclude that now she has a new husband she has forgotten that old sorrow. Her first husband's death was a tragical one. He was murdered in London, seven or eight years ago, by an unknown hand.' 'And has his murderer never been found?' asked Madame Qaijada, with reviving interest. .- ever, 1 suppose never win oe. Louise had resumed her seat, and was gazing at the two fair faces in the stalls, absorbed in contemplation. ' How old is Miss HatreU P' she asked presently. '? About 18.' ' Is she amiable?' ' Chavmmg. I have never met a sweeter girL I have known ? er from her childhood, but we have not seen very much of each other. I have been a wanderer, as I think I told you the other night.' ' Yes,' answered Louise, absently, with her eyes fixed on Daisy's happy face. ' How happy she looks, and how good. Was she fond of her father ?' ' Very fond. She was only a child when she lost him, but she was devoted to him and he to her/'' ' You remember him ? You knew him well ?' ' Fairly well, and liked him much. He was as frank and open as the day — a man without; t;uile.' ' I do not like that other man,' said Louise, still looking down at the stalls. ' 'Which man ?' 'The ascend husband.' ' Why not ? How can yon like or dislike at a glance ?' ' I always do. I liked and trusted you at the first glance, I distrust him.' CHAPTER XII.— Florestan's Mission. Florestan lunched with Mr. and Mrs. Arden on the day after tt.eir meeting at the opera. It was tlie lady who gave him the invitation. He had 1 always been a favorite of hers, since the time when he sold the meadow, and earlier, when he had just left Eton for the superior independence of the University; and in this busy Paris, crowded with strange faces, she had been pleased io meofc with .» familiar face, a face associated with the cloudless years of her first marriage. Everything was dear to her that brought back the moraory of that time. ^V as she happy with her- second husband ? No, Ebn, -vas not ; unless gratitude and a placid sub mission to the decree of Fate meant happiness. She liad drifted into this second marriage upon U_«, .-strong tide of Ainbose Arden's passionate 1' ?'&—.» lovo which had gathered force with each )ca-,r yoar of -waiting, and which had become a po. '-r that no ordinary woman could resist. Such a passion, so exceptional in itB patient endurance, its intense concentration, will compel love, or at least the surrender of liberty, and the submission to woman's destiny, which is, for the most part, to belong to someone stronger than herself. She had submitted to this mastery, and she was grateful for that devoted affection which knew no havering, which ijad lost none of its romantic in tensity with the waning of the honeymoon. No ^cman could be heedless of such a lore as this, from such a man as Ambrose Arden; and his wife was deeply touched by his idolatory, and [:ave him back all that a woman can gire whoEe bearfc is cold as marble. Tenderness, deference, companionship she could give, and she gave tbem; but the love she had lavished on Eobert hatrell was a fire that had burnt out. It was not in Ambrose Arden's power to rekindle the flame. Never since the first year of her widowhood had her thou rhts recurred so incessantly to the past as they ^iad done since her second marriage. In her life with her daughter, they two as sole companions, something of her girlish gaiety had returned to her.. She had become almost a girl a/ain in adapting herself to a girl companion. In her anxiety to beep the burden of sorrow off those youthful shoulders she had shaken off the shadow - of her own sad memories, and had given herself up to girlhood's small pleasures and frivolous in terests. But since her marriage — since her chief companion had been Ambrose Arden, and not Daisy, a deep cloud of melancholy hsd come down upon her mind. The ima -e of her first husband had become a ghost that walked beside her path and stood beside her bed ; and the memory of her happiest years had become a haunting memory that came between her and every charm and in terest that her present life could offer. Thus it was that she had been eager to sec more of Florestan, and had asked him to luncheon it their hotel. This time they were at the Bristol, and it wai in a salon on the second floor, looking out upon the Place Vendome, that they received Gilbert Flovestan. ? ! Daisy beamed upon him in a white straw hat trimmed with spring flowers, and a neat little gray checked gewn, made by one of those epicene ! tailors who give their minds to the embellishment of the female fiyure. She had a bunch of lilies j of the valley pinned upon her breast, a bunch which Cyril had just bought for her in the Rue Castiglione. They Had been running about Paris all the morning, Cyril protesting that the -;reat i city was a vulgar, glaring, dusty hole, yet very j delighted to attend his sweetheart, in hefexplora- j tious, and to snow her everything that was worth ! looking at. ] ' I hope I have satiated her with ehurches,' i he said ; ' we have driven all over Paris, and have gone up and down so many steps that I feel as if I had been working on the treadmill. We wound up with a scamper rn Pere la Chaise.' 'It was a scamper,' exclaimed Daisy. 'He would hardly let me look at any of the monu ments. They are all mixed up in my mind, a chaos of bronze and marble, classical temples, and Egyptain obelisks — Balzac, Rachel, the ! Russian Princess who was burned to death at a ball, Desclee, Thiers, Abelard, and Heloise. I could spend a long day roaming about in that place of names and memories, and Cyril took mo through the alleys almost at a run.' ' Why should a girl want to prowl ab»ut a cemetery, unless she is a ghoul, and is mapping out the place in order to go back there in the night and dig?' Cyril protested with a dis gusted air. 'i would rather have to stand and wait while you looked at all the shops in the Rue de la Paix.' The luncheon was a very lively meal, for both uyiu iina «'iorc- l;iii were lullot talK and vn-aurty, and Daisy talked as much as they let her, leaving Ambrose Arden and his wife free to look on and listen. They had spent their morning together among the second-hand bookshops on the Quai Voltaire, where the scholar had found two or three treasures in sixteenth century literature, and where the scholar's wife had hunted for her self among volumes of a lighter and more modern character, and had selected some small additions to the carefully chosen library at River Lawn, a collection which had been growing ever since Robert Hatrell's death had made her in some way dependent upon books ? for companion ship. After lunch, Florestan suggested a pilgrimage to St. Denis, and offered to act as cicerone, an offer which Daisy accepted eagerly ; so a roomy carriage was ordered, and Mrs. Arden, her daughter, and the two younc men set out for the resting place of Royalties, leaving Ambrose free to go back to the bookshops. ' It isn't a bad day for a drive,' said Cyril, as the landau bowled along the broad level road sutside th-3 city, 'but I am sc-ry that we are pandering to Miss Hat: ell's ghoulish tastes by juntina- after more erives.' There was mora discussion that evening as to how long the River Lawn party should remain in Paris. They had arrived from Italy two days before, and while they were in Venice Mrs. Arden had seemed anxious to return to England, and had confessed herself homesick. In Paris she seemed disposed for delay. ' I can't quite understand you, Cla-ra,' said ber husband ; 'all your yearning for home seems to have left you.' ' I am as anxious as ever to go home, but there £ something I want to do in Paris.' ' Y»rhat is that ?' ' Oh, it is a very small matter. I would rather lot talk about it.' Ambrose looked at her wonderingly. This was ;he first time since their marriage that she had refused to teil him anything. He did not press ;he point, however. The matter in question might be some feminine frivolity, some business with dressmakers or milliners which it was no part jf a husband's business to know. Later on in the evening his wife asked a ques tion apropos to nothing. ' Does Mr. Florestan know Paris particularly well ?' Cyril answered her. ' He tells me that he knows Paris by heart, and all her works an-j ways. Ke has lived here a good deal off and on ; and now he has estab lished his pied & terre in the Champs Elysees, and means to winter here and summer at Foun tainhead. You will have him for a neighbor, Daisy. I hope you are sot eoing to make me jealous by taking too much notice of him.' He spoke with the easy gaiety of a man who knows himself beloved, and who is so secure in the possession of his sweetheart's affection that he can afford to make a jest of the possibilities which might alarm other men. Daisy first blushed, and then laughed at the suggestion. 'Poor Mr. Florestan !' she sighed, 'no father or mother, no sister or brother. Nobody to ba happy or unhappy about. What an empty life his must be!' ' Oh, the fellow is lucky enough. He has a pretty old place and a good income. He is young and clever — and — well — yes — I suppose he is handsome.' Daisy offered no opinion. ' Decidedly handsome,' said Ambiose Arden, looking up from the chessboard at which he and his wite were seated. Clara had never touched a card since the nightly rubber came to an end with her first hus band's tragical depth ; but she played chess nearly every evening with her second husband, who was a fine player, and intensely enjoyed the game. His wife played just well enough to make the game interesting, And then there was for him an unfailing delight in having her for his antagonist ; the delight of watching her thought ful face, with the varying expression as she deliberated upon her play ; the delight of touch ing her hand now and then as it moved among the pieces _; the delight of hearing her low sweet voice. This life could give him no greater joy ! than her companionship. It had been the end and aim of his existence for long and patient i years. | Mrs. Arden sent Florestan a telegram next mornizpf, asking him to call upon her as early as he could before luncheon. Her husband was going *o spend his morning at the sale of a famous library, and she would be free to carry out an idea which she had entertained since her meeting with Florestan at the opera. Mr. Arden had not been gone more than a I quarter of an hour before Florestan was an nounced. Cyril and Daisy were sight-seeing, and Mrs. Arden was alone in the salon. She was sitting near one of the windows, with S her travelling desk on a table before her. She thanked Florestan for his prompt attention to her request, and motioned him to a seat on the I other side of the writing table. : ' I am going to ask you to da me a great favor, Mr. Florestan,' she taid very seriously, 'although nnr friendship has been so interrupted and so casual that I have hardly any claim upon you.' ' Ton have the strongest claim,' he answered eagerly. ' There is nothing I would not do to 3hew myself worthy to be considered your friend. : If we have not seen very much of each^-ther, we have at least been acquainted for a long time. I ; remember your daughter when she was almost a, baby. I Temember ? ' He chocked -himself, as he was approaching a theme, that might pain her. ?' Ton remember my husband,' she said, inter Dreting his embarrassment. 'It is of Mm I want to talk to jou. I think you are good and true, Mr. Florestan, and T am going to trust you i with the secrets of the dead. I am going to show I you some old letters — letters 'written to my dear ! dead husband — which I would not show to any body in this world if I did not hope that some good, some satisfaction to me and to my daughter, might come out «f the light these letters can give.' 'My dear Mrs. Arden, you do not surely hope that after all these years the murderer will be : found through any clue that the past can i afford?' ! 'Idon'tl-aowviatlliepe— bafc I want to fitid a woman who loved iny husband very tenderly and truly before ever I saw his face. She was a friendless girl in this city, a -girl who had to work for her living, but her letters are the out come of a refined nature, and I feel a strange and melancholy interest in her. My heart yearns toward the woman who loved my husband in his i youth, and who might have been his wife but for difference of caste.'' ' '♦ Did your husband tell you about this youth ful love affair ?' ' He alluded to it laughingly once or twice during our happy married life; but I knew nothing more than that he had once been in love with a French grisette, until the week before my second marriage. I had a curious fancy before ! that great change in my life to go back upon the past.' There was a grave regretfulness in her | I tone at this point which was a revelation to Flo- \ \ restan. 'And I occupied myself' for a whole night, when everyone else in the house had gone i to bed, in looking over my husband's papers. I had been through them more than once before, . and bad classified and arranged them as well as ! I could ; but I suppose I was not very business like in my way of doing this, for among some commonplace letters from old college friends I found a little packet of letters in a woman's j hana, which I had ovei looked before.' j Sho opened her desk as she spoke, and took out i a small packet of letters tied with a piece of rod I tape. I ' Please read one or two of those letters, and I tell me if they speak to your heart the same as 1 they spoke to mine,' she said, as she put the j packet into Florestan's hand. He untied the tape, counted the letters, seven in all, and then began to read the letter of earliest date. ' Rue Chauve Souris, Faubourg St. Antoine;y May 9. ' It was like a day spent in Heaven while we were together yesterday. I felt as if it was years I and years since I had seen green fields and a j river. Oh, the beautiful river, and island were I we dined ! I did not think there was any thint? so lovely within an hour's journey from Paris. Ah, how good it was of you to give a poor hard work ing girl so much pleasure ! 1 have been in Paris ; more than a year, an*3 -o one over showed me a j glimpse of green £ Id until yesterday. My j brother was too busj .. ith his inventions, and there was no one else. I wonder at your goodness, that you should take so much trouble for a poor girl ; and that you should not be ashamed to be seen with anyone so shabby and insignificant.' Three other letters followed, telling the same story of a Sunday in the environs of Paris, of the woods and the i iver, and the rapture of being with him. Gradually the pen had grown bolder, and it was of love the girl wrote to her lover — a humble, romantic, confiding, giilish love, which took no thought for the morrow, asked no ques tions, suffered from no agonies of doubt. She wrote as if her happiness were to knew no change. ' It has been like a dream to know you and be loved by you,' she wrote; 'but is the dream to end in darkness, and the long dull life that would be left for me if you were to go away and forget me? I suppose it must be so. I have been too happy to remember that such happi ness could not la?t. Yr-u will g.-- buck do your own country, and fall in love with a young Eaglisb. lady, and forget that you ever spent happy days on the Seine, laugh ing and talking with your poor Toinette. You will forget the arbor on the island where we ' dined in the twilight, while mnsicand singin.5 went past us in the boats, while we sat hidden behind vine leaves, and heard everything without being i seen. Oh, how sweet it was ! I shall never see any more stars like those that shone down upon us as we came from Marly one night, sitting side by side on a bench on the roof of the train. I shall never see the river in Paris without thinking that it is the same river on which our boat has drifted, oh, so lazily, while we have talked and forgotten everything except our own voices. All that was beautiful in. the river and tlie landscape seemed not outside us, but apart cf ourselves and of our love.' ? There was more in the same strain, but later \ bhe key changed to saddest minor. j 'I know you cannot marry me; indeed. I never thought or hoped to be your wife. I only wanted Dur love to go on as long as it cculd. I wanted it to go on for ever, asking no njoi*e than tc see you now and then, once a week, ence in a montfe even — ah, even once in a year ! I could live all ihrough a long dull year in the hope of seeing you for one blessed hour on New Tear's Day. Is that too much to ask ? You cannot guess how little would content me — anything except to lose you for ever. The day that you say to me, * Good bye, Toinette, we shall never mec-t again/ will be the day of my death. You. are the better part or my life. I cannot live without you. i think of you in every hour of the day. The sprig of willow you picked when we were in the boat last Sunday is like a living thing to me—as precious as if it had a soul and could sympathise with mo in my love and my sora-ow.' Florestan read on till the last word in the last letter. i j (to be continued.) 