LOCAL MKWS. Diseases in Sheep Act.-A notice in the Gazette, ?under the Diseases in Sheep Acts, declares Acacia Creek, on the Queensland border, an additional crossing place for sheep from Queensland into New South Wales. Horse and Cattle Brands.-In a supplement 'to the Gazette, dated Sept 13, is the second notifica- tion of the second quarterly list of horse and cattle i Tjrands. ,. V Annual Leases Granted.-In a supplement to the Gazette, dated September 20, are contained particulars of annual leases granted. Sheep Brands and Marks.-A supplement, dated Sept. 21, of the Gazette, contains a list of the sheep brands and marks which have been duly re- corded by inspectors of sheep for the quarter ended June 80, 1892. Particular are also given of the brands and marks which have been cancelled. A Japanese Notion of Parliamentary Duty. They have not been long in possession of constitu- tional government in Japan, and people are exact- ing. A Radical member of the Japanese Parlia- ment, who had displeased his constituents, received from them a letter of reproof which contained aome gems of counsel. They pointed out, among other things, that a politician ehould not be a "water weed which wobbles hither and thither according to the motion of the Btream." " Nor should he, " like a ghost without legs, drift along before the wind." They have a pretty just notion of political propriety, these Japanese..» Hunter Water Supply By-Laws.-A supple- ment to the Gazette, dated Sept. 14, contains the by-laws for the Hunter District Water Supply, which have been framed by the Board, and approved by the Governor-in-Council. Forfeited Conditional Purchases.-A supple- ment to the Gazette, dated Sept. 21, contains a list of conditional purchases, which have been forfeited, and whioh may not be selected again till thirty days from the above date have expired. A Definition of the World.-Mr. Labouchere writes in London Truth :-What is this world ? An infinitesimal ball of stone and mud rolling about through space we know not whence or where, of no great size in comparison with the millions on mil- lions of other worlds than an anthill on its surface -a mere, almost indistinguishable, spot in infinity, with a quantity of insignificant creatures on it, who flutter about for a few minutes, and then are resolved into the elements. Is it not, then, too absurd that these creatures should be ever seeking to lord it over each other, and that any human being should care for what he calls " fame ?" I never look at an ants' nest without theBe thoughts occurring to me. Ibrigation at Fobbks.-A gentleman from the Lower Lachlan has been in Forbes during the past week, part of his business being to inspect some of the irrigation farms and gardens in this neighbour- hood. One of the all important questions with him was, " Will it pay to irrigate with steam power ?" In every instance the reply was in the affirmative. One well-known agriculturist in showing his visitor a fine lucerne paddock said-" Irrigation will pay if you make it pay. That paddock of lucerne has been down three or four years. It contains 25 acres. In December last I put 60 store bullocks in it to fatten. They were good stores, and that was all. They were there till March and were then sent to Sydney, where they topped the market. They averaged about 90Olbs. I think that paid ; at all events I was satisfied." Another gentleman, an orchardist, was also viBited, and in reply to queries he said-" I got my irrigation plant towards the end of a four years' drought, I wiBh I had had it sooner. Just about that time I had a number of peach trees with plenty of fruit on them, but the peaches were no size s I could not have got a penny a dozen for them, and they were falling off ; I gave the ground a good flooding, the peaches began to grow, and I ultimately sold them for a shilling a dozen, and with some thousands of dozens that I made through irrigation helped to pay for the plant. I saved my orange trees the same way, and if I had not watered them they would have died." The visitor expressed himself as amply satisfied that irrigation, if properly carried out, would more than recoup the expendi- ture. The Late Bishop of Newcastle.-The friends of Dr. Pearson, late Bishop of Newcastle, will be pleased to hear of his restoration to health. He and Mrs. Pearson are still in North Wales, but propose shortly to make a home elsewhere. The information comes from a lady in Newcastle, who has received a letter from Mrs. Pearson. An Ordination Service at Newcastle.-A correspondent sends us the following : " An ordina- tion service was held on Sunday last at the pro cathedral, Newcastle, the Bishop of Newcastle being assisted by the Very Rev. Dean Selwyn and Archdeacon Tyrrell. The Rev. D. C. Bates, of Lambton, wbb advanced to priest's orders, and Mr. J. Simpson was ordained deacon. Archdeacon Tyrrell preached the ordination sermon to a large congregation. The service was very impressive." Mails, Broke and Wollombi, Etc.-We print for public information, at the request of Mr. Stevenson, the following official letter :-" General Post Office, Sydney, 26th September, 1892. Sir, With reference to the petition presented by you on the 6th inst., signed by Messrs. B. Tierney, James Thompson, Harold J. Slack, and other resi- dents of Creenvale, Somerville, &c;, requesting that mails be carried once a week to and from Broke and Wollombi, and that Post Offices be established at Somerville and Payne's Crossing along the route, I am directed to intimate that inquiry has been made, but it would not appear from the reports obtained that the Department would be justified in granting what is desired. The matter, however, will be inquired into by an Inspector when next in the district, and the de- cision arrived at communicated to you in due course.-I have, etc., S. H. Lambton, Secretary. R. Stevenson, Esq., M.P., Stanmore." The Fresh about Morpeth.-The late heavy sains and consequent fresh in the river have done much damage about Morpeth, and as usual the agriculturists residing at Pheonix Park have suffered in the greatest degree. Many of them had but just put in seed which was covered and destroyed only to be replaced by the strange flotsam and jetsam which swollen waters generally carry. About Narrowgut, too, some farmers have had a very "uncomfortable time of it, whilst passage to their residences was rendered almost impassable by the immense heaps of wood and other rubbish which found its way on to the roadway, was forced against the fenceB in great loads and there left high and dry when the river receded towards its usual bed. The thoroughfare was also cut up in places, whilst the culvert near the Narrowgut gate was placed in an unsafe condition. At the back of the town there was a wife expanse of water and the lagoons will not need replenishing for many months. The various punts had to be taken off the river, and traffic on them was not resumed until Wednesday. There was certainly a good deal of truthful force in Alderman Wakel/s remark at the Morpeth Borough Council's meeting on Tuesday evening when dis- cussing the action of the Water and Sewerage Board: "What we want," said he "is a system which will remove water, not supply it. That .would be a service to the town." Northern Jockey Club -A committed meeting of the Northern Jockey Club was held aC Main's Excelsior Hotel on Mond»y evening, which was presided over by Mr. John Gillios, there were also present Messrs. H. Crothers, J. W. Birkenhead' C. H. Prentice, B. Buffler, S. S. Cohen, A. Beckett, and Dr. R. G. Alcorn. The principal business consisted in appointing two delegates to attend the proposed Northern Racing Association's Conference to be held at Tamworth on October 7th, and MesBrs. Buffler and Quinton (secretary) were selected to represent the c'.ub at the meeting, the objects of whioh met with the warm approval of those present. A plan of the Maitland Park showing tracings of three tracks, respectively 7J furlongs, 7£ furlongs, and 8 furlongs in length, designed by Mr. W. Verge, surveyor, was laid upon the table and carefully examined, and discussed, the general verdict being favourable. Finally it was decided that the plan be handed over to Mr. Gillies to lay before the Australian Jockey Club, in Sydney, in_ order to obtain an expression of opinion as to whether the leading body would permit the Northern Jockey Club to conduct horseracing on a track less then a mile in extent. This Mr. Gillies cheerfuily promised to do, and signified his inten- tion of doing his utmost to obtain the required sanction. After discussion it was decided that the club should follow the custom pursued by it for years past and race on November 9 (Prince of Wales Birthday) and the secretary was instructed to issue preliminary advertisements to that effect. After the transaction of some minor business the meeting separated. Later News by Cable.-From tho Herald we take the following news items by cable: London, Sept. 27. The Russians have seized another British sealing vessel in Behring Sea. This makes the seventh British sealer seized by the Russians. A Dalziel's Agency cablegram states that the South Australian deficit is under £700,000, but that the colony expects to close the year with a surplus. The contradictory news as to the financial position of South Australia is confusing to the public.-Mr. Streeter, the well-known jewelles, says_ that Australia is pregnant with every description ot precious stones. He predicts that Australia will become in the near future an Eldorado of com- mercial enterprise.-In his reply to the representa- tions from India regarding the coinage of silver the I Earl of Kimberley, Secretary of State for India, merely informed the Indian Government that it had full power to deal with currency without ap- plying to the Imperial Parliament.-An unseemly dispute marred a vast prayer meeting held in the Tabernacle in support of the Rev. Thomas Spurgeon as successor to his late father in the pastorate.-A remarkable ease has been heard in which five per- sons were implicated in forging the name of the late Mr. Park, of Teddington, to a document pur- porting to be his will, bequeathing a sum of £20,000. The accused were convicted and sentenced as follows :-Miss Smith, governess, 10 years penal servitude ; Micklethwite, seven years ; 'Paul, five year; Ingram, six months ; and Allison, 12 months. -It is reported that next Bpring 12,000 troops will reinforce Captain Tanoff, the officer in com- mand of the Russian forces in tho Pamirs. An interview with Li-hung Change, the Chinese Viceroy, shows that the Chinese fail to appreciate the importance of the movements of the Russians in the Pamirs.-Eight hundred workmen employed in the German State railway workshops have protested against a reduction in the rates of wages for unskilled labour below 22d per day and of skillpd labour below 34d a day.-An anarchist plot has been discovered at Bolonga and Pavia, in Italy. Eighty arrests have been made, and many bombs seized.-The Ottoman troops, after a whole day's fighting, have def < ated the rebel Arabs in the province of Yemen with enormous loss. It is believed that the country is now peaceful.-It has transpired that 24 saddles of the Guards were cut with knives by the men because the squadron was paraded owing to saddles having been declared to be dirty. Some of the men were noisy, and hooted one of the officers.-Peter Jackson fights 20 rounds with Joe Goddard for a purse of lO.OOOdol. at San Francisco. The Motion of Censure Debate.-Wo do not consider it nepdful to waBte further space upon summaries of speeches in the Assembly upon the motion of censure debate. There is indeed more serious waste than'that of our space in connection with the matter-the waste of the country's time and the waste of the country's money. Nothing fresh and really pertinent can be said, and nothing said will affVct the issue. We therefore mention that on Tuesday the speakers were Dr. Hollis, who was vague ; Mr Booth and Mr. Wilkinson, who would, though freetraders, will vote for the Government; Mr. Torpy and Mr. Dangar, Government supporters, and Mr. Garrard, an uncompromising Oppositionist. We alBO have curtailed our telegraphic report, since we could have no hope of getting a statement of the result oefore we went to press. An Exciting Time.-On Saturday night as the goods train to Armidale was ascending the Moonbi ranges in the deep cutting near M'Donald River the engine ran into a slip that had occurred on the line, the rebound causing the couplings to smash (reports the Express.) The detached portion, consisting of a brake-van, refrigerating car, and other carriages, started down the hill, and though the brakes were immediately applied, the impetus was so great that, beyond sending forth a coruscation of sparks, no effect was produced on the rate of travelling. They sped on round sharp curves-many of them like the letter S-swaying fearfully from side to side, and finally pulled up fifteen and a-half miles from the starting point, the distance being accom- plished in fourteen minntes. There were about a dozen persons in the train ; one of whom was hurt by being violently thrown to one side of the sway- ing van and then hurled back again. A goods train with empty cattle trucks was to follow, but providentially a delay occurred and it had not started. The engine went on to Woollbrook, when a tricycle was placed on the line, and the guard went on with a light expecting to meet a smashed hd train, but waa greatly surprised to find all well. The engine followed shortly after and brought up the train in safety. Bicycle Race.-We have been asked to say that S. Bertles,v 7min. 30secs. start, was third in the Bicycle Road race conducted by the Belmore Club on Saturday, instead of J. Edgar as reported. E. Thompson, 12min. start, was omitted from the Hat of starters. ? East Maitland Police Court.-There were no cases set down for hearing at the East Maitland police court on Tuesday. Messrs. Alexander, P.M., and J. Cunningham, J.P., were in attendance. Pedestrianibm.-Saturday next will bean im- portant and busy day with lc-al pedestrians, who will have much to occcupy their attention. First and foremost will be the match between Weekley and Schnmacker, of Blandford, who are to run 130 yards for ¿¡50, and the contest promises to be a hot one. Naturally, Weekley has the largest number of friends in Maitland, but if all rumours are true, supporters of the local man will have quite as much betting as they want, for Schumacker id credited with being very smart. On Saturday evening entries are due for the first-class programme of events to be got through at the Friday Half-holiday Rports on the Albion Ground on the following Friday. Labour Homes. -We have received from the office of the Clarence Examiner, the re- print of an article which contains an ex- cellent suggestion. The writer, considering the conditions of casual labour in New South Waleb, under which men are obliged to tramp from centre to centre in search of work, proposes the establishment oE Labour Homes at different places. These refuges should not be charity institutions or free to all,-though exceptions might be made-but should be bo moderate in the matter of chargo that any ordinarily thrifty work- man might avail himself of their accommodation while waiting for work or taking a holiday or passing through a town. In sketching the establish- ment of such a home, the writer pictures its progress from the condition of a rented building fitted up with bunks to that of a structure ornamental and commodious and combining all the conveniences of a good boarding-house, and moreover, so well pro- vided with funds as to be able to offer hospitality to any poor bushman who might need it. The suggestion is, we have said, a good one,-the only objectionable part of the article is the usual hint that the Government might help private I benevolence in foundiqg homeB. Such establish- ments should be of the self-helping character. And a praotical proof of the value of unionism would have been afforded, if instead of wasting thousands of pounds in strikes and for the maintenances of strikes, the leaders had organised some such move- ment for real relief as is sketched by the writer before us. t PrOFOSSD LEGALISATION OF THB TOTALISATOR. I -A bill intended to cope with the practice of I gaming and to legalise the use of the instrument j known as the totalizator on racecourses has been prepared and will ber introduced into the Legislative ( Assembly in a little tfone by Mr. Frank Farnell. The bill will also seek to abolish the present j " consultations," as 'A will provide that it shall be I an offence, punishable by imprisonment, for any person to be in any way connected with that busi- ness. Those using the totalisator will pay a fee for the first day of £25, and for every subsequent day of 10 guineas. The stakeB to be run for on any racecourse must not, according to the measure, be less than £600. The totalisator is to be worked subject to the control and supervision of 6he club j mentioned in the license, and such license io to be granted by the Colonial Secretary. Certain restric- tions will be made in connection* with the rase of the instrument. One is that all' moneys passing through it, after the license has been granted, shall be distributed amongst the investors with the exception of 74 per cent., and all moneys re- tained by the club by way of commission shall be expended in stakes for the legitimate encourage- ment of racing. Certain restrictions ore made as to the use of the totalisator. Amongst other I things the totalisator is not to be in use for more than 20 days in any one year on any racecourse. It ia also intended to limit the number of machines to be used. It fe proposed to limit the application of the bill to horseraeing, and not to include pony, galloway, or trotting races. Mr. Farnell contends that it would be better to regulate and control gambling than to leave it as at present. He also thinks that a revenue would be provided from the totalisator which would be at the dis- posal of the several jockey clubs, and increase the stakes which are at present being run for. Where Ü1000 is available at present, he insists that the receipts from the totalisator would bring the amount very shortly up to something like Ü10.000. It wonld also, he adds, do away with some of the worst features of the racecourse, but wonld not interfere with the legitimate backers of horses. Clbaeino-out Sale.-We direct attention to the sale, by Mr. W. Dimmock, at the residence of Mr. T. Moore, Northumberland-street, West Maitland, to-morrow (Friday) afternoon, at two o'clock, of household furniture, piano, perambulator, horses, dray, sulky, and harness, road contractors' and other tools, and a lot of sundries. See advertise- ment.-Communicated. Artesian Wa-tbb.-The following message ap- peared in the Herald of yesterday :-Collarendabri, Tuesday ; A magnificent supply of water has just been struck at Mongulla bore by Mr. C. E. MayeB, ' a few miles from here, on the Government stock route, the first main supply in the district, at a depth of 2570ft. The supply is estimated to yield 2,000,000 gallons per day of beautiful olear water, the temperature being 150' Fahrenheit. Great difficulty was experienced in withdrawing the tools after striking the water stratum on account of the volumes of steam accompanying the hot water. This bore had just resumed drilling again after a lapse of five months, through a portion of the casing having parted in the bore. Mr. Mayes was the last to start boring in the, district, and the first to strike the supply, the other bores having been abandoned on account of the difficult strata. This discovery will revolutionise the whole district, and will be a standard for future operations. Battalion Pabadb.-It will be observed by an advertisement in our business columns that the battalion parade of the 4th Regiment takes place on Saturday next, near the Victoria-street platform, East Maitland. The train for it will leave West Maitland at 3.20 p.m., and High-street three minutes later. The Intercolonial Medical Conoressi-The work of the third session of the/ Intercolonial Medical Congress of Australasia was continued on Tuesday in the Medical School of the University, when congress sat as sections. In section 1 ÍMedicine), Dr. James Robertson, of Melbourne president of the section), delivered a lengthy address dealing with the whole question of the administration of choliform; and Dr. John Gibson, of Windsor, read a paper dealing with a case of progressive musoular atrophy, with unusual cord lesions. In section 3 (Midwifery), Dr. Walter Balls-Headley, of Melbourne, delivered an address on the evolution or disease in woman and the influence exerted by civilisation ; and in section 5 (Anatomy and Physiology) Dr. Brooks Alien, Professor of Anatomy in the University of Melbourne, delivered an address of a technical j nature peculiar to the section of which he is president. Other papers read dealt with the ' " administration of anaesthetics" and the " registra- tion of still-births and protection of infants." In the afternoon the members were present at a garden party at Government House, given in their honour, by his Excellency the Governor and the Countess ot Jersey. Women's Christian Temperance Union.-At the tenth annual public meeting of the Women's Christian Temperance Union of New South Wales, which was held in the Centenary Hall, York street, on Tuesday evening, four resolutions bear- ing upon the restriction of the traffic in strong drink were passed. Approval was expressed of the prin- ciples of Mr. Kid d's Local Option Bill and of Mr. O. O. Dangar's measure to put a stop to the em- ployment of barmaids. The existence of private bars was denounced, and it was agreed, " That this meeting, having become convinced that the ballot in the bauds of woman is her best weapon of pro- tection, and will most surely overthrow the drink traffic in this colony, hereby earnestly declares its sympathy with the woman suffrage movement, and will, so far as practicable, sign and circulate the following petition to the Speaker and members of the Legislative Assembly :-' Whereas the right to vote for members of Parliament is vested in the people-and women are people- therefore we, as citizens of New South Wales, respectfully request your honourable House to pass a bill enabling women citizens of Ne»v South Wales to vote for members of the House of Parliament.' " " Jo."-Readers of Bleak Foina will be familiar with the name at the head of this paragraph as that of the poor London outcast who lived at Tom All- Alone's, and whose best friends are poverty stricken and miserable folk, even more abject than himBelf. Miss Jennie Lee, who is to appear at the Town Hall on Monday and Tuesday next in the character which has been peculiarly her own, since, in 1876, she first appeared as Jo in London, in the dramatised version of Dickens' famous novel. Jo, as Miss Jennie Lee plays it, is " the idealisation of the ragged London waif, whose squalid misery and infinitely true and tender attachment to the one brokea-down copyist who showed him kindness, have moved thousands to compassion , and tears." Professor Blackie, referring to this version of Bleak House saya " it is a piece which, in the shape of a play, is as powerful a sermon on the grace of sacred pity as Leah is on that of Chris- ? tian forgiveness." AU over Australia out of Mait- land, Miss Jeanie Lee has played this notable part, and now Maitland playgoers are to have a chance of seeing her. The lady is supported by a large and efficient company, and the advertisement elsewhere will give further particulars. I Confirmation.-On Tuesday evening the right vof confirmation was administered in St. Paul's Church, WeBt Maitland by his Lordship the Bishop of Newcastle. The ceremony was confined to adults, of whom there were 14 present--4 men and 9 women, and the congregation consisted only of friends of the confirmera. The service was con- ducted by the incumbent the Rev. E. A. Anderson, and was the usual one prepared by the Bishop for such occasions. His Lordship delivered two addresses to those present, and the whole was a most affecting and solemn service. The National Association,-The usual meet- ing of the general council of the National Associa- tion was held at the offices of the Association, 34 Jamieson-street, Sydney, on Monday evening last, the President (Mr. G. Allen Mansfield) being in the chair. The Secretary intimated that the three gentlemen appointed to judge the essays upon land settlement, had not yet concluded their work, but that a report was expected shortly. The Executive Committee were authorised to award the prize in accordance with the decision of the judges. It was reported that since the last meeting the following Councils had agreed to co-operate with the Associa- tion in urging Parliament to pass a Local Govern- ment Bill during the present session, making a total of 44 in all:-Manly, St. Peters, Cobar, Broken Hill, Wellington, Murrurundi, Casino, Dundas, Redfern, Burrow» and Broughton Vale. The Sec- retary was instructed to request those Councils which had not replied to state their intentions. A report for presentation to members, showing the work done during the first twelve months of the 1 Association's existence waa considered, and after . amendment, adopted« . Cbicket.-In a mat«,1» arranged to take place 0n the West Maitland Part .on Saturday next between an eleven seleoted from ti» 2nd Albions and fifteen of the Ufemtry CO., the 7»&er; club will be repre- sented as fellows: Arte«, Andrews, Carroll, Doherty, Gillies, Filmer, Hofowv M'Grath, Nan- carrow, Ogle,0'Brien, Byan, Stapfc*»".Rutherford, and Goodman. Paly will comaentfe at half-paßt two o'clock. The RivER.-Since our last issue' th«f river haa continued to recede, pretty rapidly for some time, though, now it is low enough to allow the water from low lands to ron off, the fall is much slower. Yesterday afternoon it marked 14 feet above low water mark on the gaitge at the- Belmore Bridge. 