[?] .. - THE secret of Minim ? «? ? OHAPTEE IK,— (Continued.) Her manner was strangely agitated ; for some cause or other she seemed com pletely unnerved, her lips trembled, her large eyes held a gleam of terror. She was sadly changed. ? I had thought to find-her pleased and happy, radiant at my return ; and behold, my appearance seemed rather to frighten and annoy \ 'Well, Kathleen,' I said, as quietly as I could, 'I am not afraid of the curse upon the house, or the ghosts. You remember I don't believe in ghosts, and they never appear to an unbeliever ;- butt have driven . sixteen mile3 on an outsiiie.car to.see you, and it will be very inhospitable if you send me away so.' $he hesitated. I saw that hospitality was a strong and savage instinct in this strange girl. I thought I had found the right. mode of dealing with her. ' It is very kind of you,' she said, with a sort of dull apathy, 'and I feel I can trust you ; but you had better go. You can do usno.good, and we shall only sadden you;' , ? : . , , ? : , . ? ' Kathleen,' I said firmly', ' will you try me?- Iain a' man who has seen a good deal of varied life ; if you are in any trouble I may be able to help you. Let me stay here to-night.' , ? You have chosen,' she said, with a helpless shrug of her shoulders ; ' do not blame me afterwards. And if you do .stay, 'you must swear— a promise is not enough — iswear you will reveal nothing that you see and hear, on any considera tion whatever.' . 'So long as silence is right,' I said. ' No, rid'!' she interrupted impatiently. 'Swear. this. without conditions, or you may !'go' back at once, back to your ./.Engla'nd,,'.'. '?.?liboked into her blanched, anxious . facej; I noted that the blue serge hung more, loosely about her well-moulded figure i) I saw that she suffered, and with a weakness unworthy of my accustomed oharacter I said: ' - Yes, Kathleen, I swear. ;';' Where is your Inggage ?' she said directly, in a matter-of-fact tone. ''^Vj-ItjiS'Pn.-the.car-.; only a small port 'mlli&eatUj;^ I will fetch it, pay the car, seni' him .away and return directly. Kathleen,' I added, retracing the two steps I had already taken away from her, 'say you. are glad to see me.' :? ; Her eyes met mine with a smile. 'I am very glad,' she answered softly. , I went in search of my portmanteau V with; a light ieart. I had gained my 'point,: I was going to stay with Kath ; leen,- ? arid,' so f ar as human ingenuity r.coald* compass it I was ' determined to foUscover. the secret of Barravoe, and to ?restore .the old happiness to Kathleen's sad face. I did not despair of this. I ^afraid of no man ; I was well armed ; I ;' was^Mig. and young, and active ; and . I possessed clear judgment and a cool .head. ? I had a fair start to, for I ven tured. ?? to' ; 'think that Kathleen was dedidedly prejudiced in my favour. She h'ad not moved when I returned with the : the portmanteau, but stood modily in .the same attitude, her eyes fixed idly on the' ill-payed stone yard. ? This quiesence, .?? this inoodiriess, were in such contrast to the gay spirits and careless lignthearted nessof her.former self, thatl grew more ind iiiore' convinced I had not arrived one day too soon, and that if ever a girl qtopii lii rieeft oi a good friendi that girl : was Kathleen. She motioned tome to put down the portmanteau just inside the door, in the narrow flagged passage, and with, an apparent effort she said : ?.. ? ' Yoii had better come to my father npw.V ' i .. .. . ? . . ... ;-'!,' May we not walk a little first, Kath leen ? I have so much to say, and to ? hear ; and your father does not know I \ have i arrived yet,' I urged. ' ' As you please,' she said indifferently, turning away and never even summoning Biddy or seeming to take thought for those little housekeeping cares, in which she used to be so diligent. ?'There is a great ohange here,' I thought; 'but at any rate Myles has n'6t been arrested yet, so that cannot be the cause.' We walked silently for a little, side by side. Kathleen led the way | to: the garden, and; as we entered1 said : ; 'You see it is damp and dreary enough. The summer has gone; you will not like to come here now.' 1 1 It is not as; bright, certainly.' . The. paths were choked with damp docajing leaves in their gorgeous autumn livery of russet and gold ; a faint sickly . odour as of too ripe strawberries seemed to pervade the air. The roses were over ; the heliotrope and dahlias black and bare ;,,the clematis fluttering shrivelled from the wall. ' Why do you not clear the leaves away ?' I asked, kicking at the sodden raddy/ mass with my foot. ;? It ?'?is. riot Jwor^th' while,' she said drearilv. ' Have you ceased to care then,' I asked — ' to care about the old place ? I though you took such an enthusiastic pleasure in yourgarden.' 'Soldo. I take pleasure in it. I prefer it. like this ; it suits with my temper. I don't care for gay things, and the autumn is always sad, don't you think ,7' 'Formerly you were not sad,' I said irreleyautly ; , ' at least not always. Gnce certainly you cried, here in this arbour— do you remember? Is that trouble quite past now, Kathleen?' 'No,' ; she said slowly, keeping her ' eyes bent down ; ? it is worse — worse than ever;' Had I been mistaken all along ? and was hor trouble really only her father's iuteinporance, shocking and grieving her ? I could scarcely 'think it, and yet for an instant I doubted, , (To be Continuedi) 