MELBOURNE. Saturday, October 1. The revenue Will receive some beneflt by a decision which was given by the Full Court to-day in a matter relating to the cstate of. (ho loto Phillip Falk, wholesale jeweller, of Melbourne, deceased. Mr. Falk, who died in Fnaland. was possessed, of property in Eng land valued nt £90,000, and hia Victorian possessions included some £4000 worth; of bank shares.. The executors proposed, to leave the deceased’s’ interest in his colonial business out of the calculation when paying probate duty on the Victorian property, but Uio authorities here demurred,, and the court bold to-day that the partnership assets were liable for duty. . . ... Tbo frolicsome youth who has been playing die ghost in various suburbs has been giving j tbo Essendon people n turn lately, and already several women have been considerably scared b ‘ iho sudden apparition of a tall figure of phosphorescent bub. Tbo local police and, tho amateur detectives who have laid themselves I nid to capture hia ghostship, have so far been unsuccessful, ami it is probable that by this limo ho has shifted tbo scone,, of operations. The story goes that.tbo idiot is carrying on these outrageous pranks in order to win a according to tbo finding of tbo Full Court to-day,can make over his property tn anyone ho likes without fear of tho law’s interference. The decision, was based on a case in which a man of mental incapacity named Honry Tremils, owner of three houses in Fitzroy, made them over by deed to a man nnd wife named Benton with whom ho lived for a few weeks prior to bis death. His son sought to sot aside the deed on tho grounds of mental incapacity and udduo influence, Mr Justice a’Bobkott decided, in his favor. The Bentons appealed to tho Full Court, and the latter to-day uphold tho appeal, as there W os no evidence of undue influence or im position to'prove tbo contract ari unfair one. Their Honors gave the son tho grim comfort of their sympathy nnd refused to allow the appellants’costs. .. . Some “ safe” thieves who last'night thought to loot tho Ascot Vale station in emulation of tho Albert Park robbers, wore rather dis appointed . with tho result of their labors. Since tho little Albert Park affair the railway people bavo taken more care of their cash, und though yesterday a considerable sura nbovo tho ordinary was taken for monthly tioKots, the enterprising burglars got some fiing ondor a £10 note for their nocturm 1 rather comical ending to ■ another bur glarious enterprise last night was tbo reword of some other industrious burglars over nt Carlton. They broke into tbo ilook mill of Messrs. Tronson and Rutherford, but tho owners hod been “had” in tho safe-lino be fore, nnd tho thieves, on proceeding to re move the present safe found a piece of paper pasted on tho front with tho words, “ This sate is empty, and contains books only.” The thieves did not leave any written reply ns to whether or not they appreciated the Hibernian flavor of tbo notification. The city Chinese who hitherto . have made good livings by running their lotteries, will find the game rather unprofitable in the future. Some time ago their premises were raided by tho police, and the district court* magistrates fined tho owners heavily. They appealed,;but tho Full Court to-day uphold tho magisterial decision. 