CHAPTER IV. Isabel's belonging« (and I«abel herself, for thp matter of that) were terribly out of place in the litt'e room« she lived in now. Her tea gowns, her promenade dresse«, all the luxuries of her toilet, seemed ridiculous. But there wa« a cure for that, as Bhe very soon found. That first simple supper had been a trial j but afterwards «uch an one carne to be regarded as a desirable thing. And in order to supply it these cut-of-place luxuries of Isabel's went the same way as the carriages and hör?es. It i» all very well to be Spartan and philosophical for other», and on principle, but no one who bas not experienced it knows what it is to see the beauty of one's life going out, and to be helpless To have to sacrifice all that makes life worth living in order to get food enough to support life! It is an irony of fate hard to bear for those who are the actual subject« of it. "Thank God we have no children '*' said Maurice one day 5 and Isabel made no answer, knowing he had wished for children. The «peech struck coldly upon ber, and from then she began to feel as if he no longer loved her. He had grown moody t he had gradually surrendered the pleasant habit of admiring her Indeed, as she mournfully con- fessed to herself, he had no excuses now i there was never a new toilette to enable him to say, " That suit« you better than anything I have seen yon in." No j instead of such pretty speeches he had grown used to words that at first seemed to burn his lips -the phases which are only possible in this nine- teenth century when social death is accomplished : " We can't aff«rd that j it cost« too much j we must do without it." Social death was accomplished, as it seemed, finally, for these two. They had passed out of their world-the only world they knew of-as com- pletely as if they had been laid in the grave. Loss of money means this in the present day. Irahel bore that heroically, and «he endured privation with tolerable courage j but when she began to feel that Maurice's affection for ber was dying out, that the Joy of her life was going from her though ehe was still young and beautiful, ehe became desperate. She would sit at the shabby breakfut table, when he rose and left it without A word or A kiss, and would cry her eyes out when he had gone out on one of his fruitless efforts. Tbcn she would end by looking hopelessly st hersolf in the glass. This was the one-time beauty !-red eyes, hair no longer dressed in the fashion (for she could not do it for herself), an old gown, and an air of utter lassitude. A peasant woman may look handsome in her poverty, but not a woman of Isabel's type Be «he never BO beautiful, ber beauty in lost without all that money gives to set it off. This is a truth j but Isabel was mistaken in suppohing it was because of this that Maurice was so cold. The proud man, roused to a consciousness of himself by this trial, was eating his heart out. He thought Isabel despised him because he waa so helpless. And so the breach widoned, Isabel had only one dress left now-a dress such a« at one time she would have been afraid to give her maid. On a certain afternoon, when Maurice had been out tbe whole day on hi« ceaseless quest, Isabel rose suddenly from her rbair, and went to the glass. " What would she say to me dressed like this ?'< she said, aloud, and almost laughed. She waa thinking of ber grandmother. But she had passed the point now at which either pride or timidity could bold her back. She had become desperate. She felt that, in reality, «he would prefer to die than to live on in the condition she waa. She dressed herself for the street, and laughed again when «he looked at the completed effect. " She won't know me," she safd to herself. Her mind was made up to go to Mrs. Montgomery. She travelled aoroe» London in an omnibus, at which .be wondered even more than at ber dress : and arrived at the door did not turn away, but boldly knocked. The manservant who opened it admitted her with- out a word, but Isabel thought he looked rather as if he saw a ghost. " Mrs. Montgomery is upstairs," he said. " I will call Elizabeth." Elizabeth wa« Mrs. Montgomery's special atten- dant, who had been with her for years. She cam« down the stairs, her eyes wide open at the sight of Isabel " Oh, Miss Isabel !" she said, calling her by her old name, " I'm glad to see you. But excuse me, miss-I mean, Mrs. Conyngham-I don't know if the mistress will eee you. She is very bitter!" " I am not going away without seeing her, Eliza- beth," said Isabel, though she honestly felt a little frightened. " See what you can do. I'll go in here." She turned into a little sitting room that opened out of a large drawing-room, from which it was separated by heavy curtains It was strange to her to be in those luxurious room« again, so familiar to her. Mrs. Montgomery had evidently been in the sitting-room] her purse and handkerchief lay on the table, and a jewel cate. Isabel recognised the ease ¡ it brought bsck memories of the happy evening when she first met Maurice. Ob, how long ago it seemed ! She took up the case and opened it. Ye«, there were the diamonds. They bad been re-set, and looked more lovely than ever. Suddenly a thought erosced Isabel's mind. An ar- gument passed through it like lightning - These diamonds should have been hers i they almost be- longed to her i her grandmother wa« cruel and unjust In another moment the argument was flniched the diamonds wer« concealed in her dress, the case shut and empty ; and Isabel, taint and sick, stood by the table, leaning on it. Elisabeth came softly to the door. " She will not see you, madame," said the wo- man. " Ob, Miss Isabel, she is hard 1" For her eye, travelling over Isabel'« figure, «aw every bitter sign of poverty, and «he pitied the girl from her heart. " Did ah« say anything ?" asked Isabel, faintly. " Do yon want me to tell yon ?" asked Elizabeth. " Yes t tell me." " She said-' Tell her she made her own bed, and .he can li« on it.' " Isabel turned away and walked downstairs and out of the house. She did not seem to know herself or who she wa«. The world wa* all changed. That her all should be gone-that her husband »hould have weared of her -that her own fieah and blood should turn her from the door-that «he should be a thief-for already, in spite of all her casuistry, this awful word waa beginning to burn itself into her brain and ring in her ears. She went straight home. Maurice wa« there He had returned and found her gone ont, a thing which had not happened before since their fortuocs had fallen. But be made no comment He re- ceived her in silence-that silence which hurt her so much. She professed to be tired, and sat with closed »ye«, thinking The jewels were within the bosom of her dress It seemed to her that they burned berskirt. Now that she had them what wa« sbo to do P She knew that she jnust give them to Maurice, that b« could sell the ear rings, and that the money they would bring would take them abroard Then they could «eil tb» necklace and make some kind of start in life Isabel longed to foal the money in ber hand«-to be at an end to thi« awful poverty But her difficulty was that she would have to tell Maurice a lie-she would have to tell him that her grandmother gave her the stones She could not bring herself to do this j and yet, if she sold the diamondi) herself, would it be easier to explain her possession of the money P 