GENERAL NEWS. The repetition of 'St. Paul' by the Pet'th Musical Urnon, lixat Saturday even ing, attracted but a sparse audience, we re gret to say. The periovmanoe itself was in many respects a magnificent one, and the choruses were rendered with an unanimity, attention to liahfc nnd Rhade, attack and lot-off that left really nothing to be des ired, Tho principals, too, were till in ex cellent form, and Mrs. Gttle, Mrs. Forboa, Mra. Dyer, Mis. Birell Gray and Mr. Taylor, Mr. Wright, Mr. Hart and Cap tain Crook were the recipients of pspeoial applause. Tho performance waa indeed a real musical treat, and ono which tho audionco moat fully appreciated, Mr. Hensmau conducted with that preoisiou and ateadiness which led hia forces on from victory to victory, and there waa not a sigu of nagging from the bejjiuning to tho end of the oratorio, which is a test of tho abili ties of the beat muaioal societiea. Miu Qensaian,at the piano, waa as unobtrusively reliable and useful as ever, and Mr. W. Stephens also materially aided upon the organ. Tho annexed extract from a recent num ber of the Sydney Evening News will inter G3t many of our readers : — ' A pretty wed ding was colt-brated on Wednesday after noon at All Saints' Church, Woollahm, the bride being MiB3 Alice Dayies, second daughter of ex- Aldorman Davies, of Pad dington-atrott, Paddiiiiton, and tho bride groom Mr. Edward Stacoy, only boh of Mr. 6\. Stacey, of Hobavt, Tasmania, and a well known member of the theatrical profession, The bride looked charming iu a white lawn dress trimmed with Brussels lace, with beautiful veil and orani'e bloEsomu. The bridesmaids were Miss Amy Davie3 and Bliss Mabel Willis, the former aister of the bride, and tho latter a rouain of tho bride groom, who were nonfcly dressed iu helio trope satin and white corded silk, Mr. Wallace was 'best man/ The breakfast waa served at the reeidenco of Mr. Davies, tho tables being beautifully decorated with choice flowers and hare t'erna, an iramenso wedding cake being iu the centre. On tho entranca cf the newly-wedded pair Men delssohn's ' Grand Weddiuy March ' wa.s iWi-!.u.«L During thv. Knjr^- ' Mm luoul - ft* ^^X%.«f.U{j^V'ii/'ti'l;' ' A C.V, JJiijof^'lW'Iloet'uwV-iWni.- ' -l»y At,' Vi'uita-Ji:. , Lutei.oit tLo iiuty liiljoLUiibil t-- tho balltoou], where a uico pioni'amme of dance a tid other music was jjoho through, to the aat'sfaction and d lifjhfc of all. Tho newly-married pair dopaited on thoir honey moon amid a shower tf rice, and proverbial old slipperB, aud goed wishes galore to Ooogee, preparatory to proceeding on a theatiioal tour through South Australia. Tho British Par'iainent which carao to an end on Juno 28 bad not la&tjd; quite six years It mot fust on August 5, 1880, and li vtl therefore bctm in existence five yenra and828dajs. Of the Parliaments doc' ed in the present century only four have lasted longer— namely, that of 1820, which con tinued in existence for six years and '12 days j th'it of 1841, whioh luatod for five yeai'3 uud 33? days ; that of 1856, aix yeaia and oG days ; and that of 1804, siy years and 19 days. The following ia Ihe text of tho first ro3Olutiou moved (by bir W. Q. Ewart) at the great Ulater Convention held at Belfast on Junii 17 co accentuate thuir judgment : 'By tha Throne and Crown of the United Empire alone we abide, and to tho Parlia ment of Great Britniu and Ireland alone shall wo bow in obtdienco' :?— 'That this Convention, consisting of 11,879 delegate, representing tho Unionists of every creed, clafo, iind party throughout Ulator, appoint ed at public meetings hold in every electoral division of the province, hereby solemnly resolves and declares :— That wo express the devoted loj alty of Ulster Unionists to the Crown and Constitution of tho United Kingdom ; that wo avow our fixed resolve to retain unchanged our present position us au integral partion of tho United Kingdom, and protest iu tho most unequi vocal manlier against the uassauo of anv measure that would rob us of our inherit ance in the Imperial Parliament, under the protect ion of which our capital ha3 been invested and our homes and rights aafe ? guarded ; that we record our determination to have nothing to do with a Parliament certaiu to bo controlled by men responsible for tho crime and outrage of tke ljud League, the dishonesty of tho Plan of Campaign aud the ortu-lties of boycotting, many ot whom have shown tbomsulvos the ready inetfummts of cluric.il domination ; that wo dechiro to tho people of IJmtt Brit tin our conviction that tho attempt to set lip such a Parliamfut in Irelaud will inevitably result in disorder, violence, and blcodshed.muh as have not been experienced in this century, and announce- our reaolvo to take no part in tho election or proceed ings of auch a Parliament, the authority of which, should, it ever bo co; stituted, we shall be forced to repudiate; tlut we pro Ust against this great question, whioh in volves our lives, propcity and civil rights, being treated a3 a mere aide iaeuo in the impending electoral struggle; that we ap poal lo those of our fellow countrymen who have hitherto been in favour of a separato Parliament to abandon a demand which hopeltssly divides Irishmen, and to unite with ua un ier tho Imperial Legislature in developing the resources and fuvthoiiun the best interests of our common country.'' Dr. aud Mis. Barnott have booked pas ages from Landon to Albany by the R.M.S, Oceana, leaving Plymouth Oct 1. The Australian Trading World of July 2 spates that the Laud Corpo afcion of West -uutraliu, Limitod, has declared a third interim quarterly dividend for tho currant year to tho 80th Juno of 6s, per share, pay able on tho 16th July, Hor Majesty Queen Victoria on June 20 entered upon the flfty-sixtU year of her reign. In a little less than a year heno-1, should sho happily bo preserved, she will have reigned longer than any English monarch, with tho single exception of her grandfather, Georgo III. Henry III. sat upon tbo throne for six-aud-fifty years, and alroidy the Queen has held her sceptre for flfty-fivo. d spite the burden of more than half a century of toil and anxitty, says the St. James Gazette, tho Queen is still beaity and robust, and it would iu no way bo surprising if tho hopes of tno whole empire ehou'd bo gratified and she should ydb reign beyond the yea' s of her grand father, It ia« indeed a solitary emin ence, peopled only by the. ghosts of tho past, upon wliioh Her MajeBty lias stood for the gie iter pirt cf her rohn, an eminence too sad and lonoly to bo envi-tble, deaf ite the power aud aplpndour of tho British throne. Siuce first she sat upon theobair offcicoue everything aiound her has changed, and much 1ms crumbled, There is not a monarch alive of all those who welcomed cho young Queun to her throne in 1837 j andin many casoa even their kingdoms have gone. War aud revolution hare wrought sorrow to manv a countr.v and ruin to many a throne ; but through it all English institutions have endured without a shook aud with soarce a tremor, How much of all tliis we owe to the unrivalled p ilitical experience and the educated tnot of Queen Victoria tlm generation will scarcely know. A. noirespondent writes :— ' Your morn ing contemporary, which does not love tbo Giand Old Man, and which a few weeks ago prophesied bis poli'ical downfall, refers to his regrettable indisposition, and his hav ing, it i- stated, recently beon attacked by a slight fit as giving ground for thn sup position that ha will shortly be translated to the House of Lords. EviJcntly the wish would be father to the thought, if it said that ho is likely to be soon translated to another and a better sphere. But your i in -?,.-.? — . ? ? — — ...... .. .. ? . . .-^- ooutomporary may rest assured that Mr1 Gladscono ia not likely, undef any ciroum' Btanoes, to seek in the House of Lords reBt from hia labours, and that while he Urea and breathes ho will be true to his party and remain at their head.' Willard's Opera Company, several mem bom of wbifih are first-class artists, will open on Thursday next in the Fremautlo Oddfellows* Hall, iu Collier's favouiito com edy opera 'Dorothy,' This will be followed by the same iio»nposer'u 'Tho Mounte banks/' and Solomon k Dunce's .Savoy suc cess 'The Nauch Girl.' Mr. Willard him- self is an aotor of light oomedy of consider able ability and versatility, and during hie stay in Perth contemplates the production of ' The Arabian Night o' and other well known farcical comedies. The following West Australian items ap pears ia tho European Mail of July 14s - 'A little emigration work is still going on at the Western Australian Agency. A fow woll-choaen omigrantfl will go out on July 12, aud about Augunb 26 there will be a dispatch of some more domestic norvanta. AU these go from Loudon. The Woatem Australian Agetay has juufc been advertis ing in tho Lancet fur a reddont medical officer for the Perth Hospital, III respond ', up to this, 36 applications have been sent, and, judging from all appearances, I believe that the colony is likely to get a good man when tho final choice is made. I \iueler stand that tbore are just uow a good many Western Auatmliano in Loudou, Among the number I may particularise Mr. W, S. Pearao, of tho Legislative Assembly, and Mr. Svmon. tho brother of the tn-ominont Mr. Bymoii of South Australia.' Au eight-hours movement baa been organised by tho men now employed on the Fremantlo Harbour worker They have sent a petition to the Premier) urging that they should be treated iu tho same way ae the Governments of tho other colonies heat their employees similarly engaged, They pointed out that the usual ' Govern mont stroke ' ia not tho rulo on tho break, water woi'ku, but tho work ia both inoro continuous aud dangerous than ordinary contract work, Tho men are complaining of the delay in receiving any reply to the petition, which was sent in aa faf back aa tho 3td of July. ' The mails from tho enstern colonies per Oroya reachod Perth by train from Albauy at ll'2O this morning, and were available for delivery before noon. By the arrival of foreign-going whips sinco Friday last tho population of tlw colony has received a nett accession to its population of Ml persons, Thus the Oroya and the Albauy (from tho c-asteru colonies) brought out 107 and tho Home (from Eug laud and the IOaab) 6, or a total of 172 j wbilo 12 proceeded by the Rome and 10 by tho french nteainer Polynesian for the paa f,Tii Mtl niL ,L'.u {{ ',iy (l[(i; OrW/i, tw b'fjf I. Wo wc';;ii a U l&i;'m tlu.i , Htijpnilli.i,,. tu J-. Kuihairy, - ihe Kubt'FiMth footballer, who wan mjuied on tbe Esplanade during tho match on L'atuiday, U not likely to be attended with serious consequences, Mr. Baiharry wa3 removed from the Colonial Hospital to hia home thia morning, and is progressing favorably. The following rainfall for tho previous 48 hours was registered at 0 o'clock this morning : — Gieonough 9 points, Southern Cross 2, Northam 0, York 0, Bevorloy 20/ Guildford 18, Porth 30, Claromont 45, Fro mantle 39, Jarrnhdale 20, Manduiah L'9, Williams 12, Arthur 21, Bunbury 15, Vnsso 2, Bridgetown 12, Kojouup 20, Albany 33, ?and Eopenmco 16 points. Au enthusiastic audienco attended Mr. Sydney Colvillo'a excellent entertaiuuiont at St. George's Hall last .Saturday evening. Every item on the programme was recei ved with considt'iublo applause, which became intensified when Mr. Colvillo an nounced that he had made arrangements with the Pollard Opera Compauy for the uho ;-i tho Hall this (Monday) evening. Thoue of our readora who are capable of enjoying impersonations of human charac ter and oddities hav.', then-fore, au opportunity of revelling in buoIi to thoir hearts' oontont by visiting Mr. Colville'a interesting drawing-room entertainment to-night. 