Theatre Royal. Tho stage of tho Theatre Royal was occupied last night by Mr. Goorge Dobbyn and a mixed Oohipany ot professionals and amateurs, who gave a representation of "Hamlet." There was a moderate audience, tho largest number being in the stalls. It wasadeoidedly friendly audionce, and tho performers, on the whole, had hut littlo to complain of as to tho applause. Friendly demonstrations and the encomiuias of inoxporienccd porsOiis are apt to he very mis leading, especially' to youthful actors and notrossos, wnb are but too eager "to feed on applause." A few weeks ago wo had an opportunity of hearing Mr. Georgo Dobbyn in a recital of tho port of " Hamlet." He thon encountered many difficulties smprisingly well, and gavo promise of an intelligent read ing. Last night that promiso was not entirely fulfilled. He appeared to have studied tho part of "Hamlot" in seotions, instead of 'as a whole. Somo passages were delivered with core whilst othors were slurred over apparently as if unworthy of attention. His faults of elooution, and particularly of pronunciation, wore strongly marked, and his aotion was, more frequently thon not, just what ho told the player long to avoid. The speech to the players might weil he studied with profit by Mr. Dobbyn . His inelegant habit of " handling " the other characters should be dropped with all celerity. One of Mr. Dobbyn's strong features has always been liis oxccllont memory. Lost night tho cares of stage management told upon liim, and his memory failed in the great soliloquy beginning " To be or not to be." The best soene we saw last night was that with the queen in tho third aot. In tliis scene he was largely assisted by Miss Hilda Temple, whose admirable elocution was one of tho night's successes. Miss Temple's Queon wob one of the best seen in Brisbano for a long timo. The version of the play adopted by Mr. Dobbyn would havo, borno much excision with advantage. Spseohes by Polonius end the courtiers were too long, and Oplieb'a and Laertes dragged out their, farewell scenes to a monotonous length. Mr. Montague .presented a rather pronounced ghost, but tho impersonation was on the whole exceptional. Mr. Sturgcss did not moke up as Folonius 111 a manner befitting tho dignity of a courtier. Some of his readings wore remark-, able. .Miss Caldersvood, like tho principal aotor, drawlod out her speeches, and was not bright enough in tho earlier scenes. Mr.Maofio was not well cast as the King. .Mr. CoilingB, who is a fair reciter, should havo done better as Laertes. Mr.. Haselcr was natural 1 as Horatio, and thus stood out in contrast to eoino. others.. It cannot bo said that nervousness . affected any of tho, per-., formers, .and for an initial' representation the voice of ' the prompter was BOldom hoard. The end of the third not was reached at 10.50 when we left. It is probable that matters will he brought to a conclusion much earlier to-night, when Mr. Dobbyn will repeat his performance for the benefit of the Brisbano Hospital. 