The Gift of the Sea- h ' The dead child lay in the abroad, And the widow watched betide, . And her mother slept, and the channel swept ; The gale in the teeth of the tide. ; a Bat the mother laughed at all. - "I have lost my man in the sea, :T And the child is dead. Be still," £he said, "Whatmorecanye dotoxne?" ' 1 The widow watched the dead, And the candle guttered low, And she tried to sing the Passing Bong That bids the poor sool go. % And 44 Mary take you now, "She sangca- . 44 That lay against my heart," ' And "Mary smooth yonr crib to -nlghi/V _ But she could not say "Depart."/— - - Then came a cry from the sea, . But the sea-rune blinded the glass, And 44 Heard ye nothing, mother?" she said, 41 'Tie the child that waits to p&BB.;" And the nodding mother sighed. 4 4 ?TiB a lambing ewe in the whin, For why should the christened soul cry out That never knew of sin?" w 44 0, feet I have held In my hand, 0, hands at my heart to catch ; . < . How should they know the road to go. And how should they lift the latch?" They laid a sheet to the door, With the little quilt atop, That it might c ot hurt from the obld or the dirt. But the crying would not stop. The widow lifted the latch .I7 And strained her eyes to see, V . And opened the door on the bitter shore To let the soul go free. There was neither glimmer nor ghost. Their was neither spirit or spark. And 44 Heard ye nohing mother f"tiiQ said,- J'f- 44 'Tis crying for me in the dark." And the nodding mother sighed v= 44 'Tie sorrow mshg y« nlt ; - Have ye yet to learn the cry of the torn. Or the wail of the wind-blown goli#V: i 4 4 The ternB are blown inland, . The grey gall follows the plough!, ? t !. 'Twaenever a bird, th© voice I heaidjV Oh, mother, I hear itinov!" " f 44 Lie stiUj dear lamh, lie still; 1 ' The child is passed from harm, ' r- - Tia the ache in your breast that hteke |reur rest, -- And the feel of an empty arm?, 7 ' " ' She put her EDOther aside, i . C 4 4 In Mary's name let be! ' ? . ror the peace of my soul I must cb.+alm Said, /: And she went to the calling sea. ' :r In the heel of the wind-hit ffw, . '£ Where the twisted weed was raiel. .. . . ' She came to the life she had Iwauthhtiti. For became to a little child. She laid it into her breast,- " AndBadctober kaoltoaha'qia?tV:C Bat it wbuldnotesd and k Though she gavett hero wit And the dead child dnAedim And hw ownto4hs.ahre|i9Bfcy4®5% .And 44 God forgive 44 We let it die [?] 