THE VENETIANS. Bl M. E. BRADDON, Author of. 'Lady Audley's Secret,' 'Phan- tom Fortune,' *'Dead Men's Shoes,' 'Cut by the County,' 'Taken at the Flood,' 'Weavers and Weft,' 'One Thing Need ful' 'Mohawks ' &c.; (Published by special arrangements with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapteb XXHL— The Little Reft. It was summer-time in London ; the brief, bright butterfly season, in which the metropolis of the world puts on such a splendor of gaiety, and luxury that it is hard to remember the fogs and dreariness of a long, insufferable winter ; hard to believe that this stately West End London can ever be otherwise than beauti ful. Are not her hotels palaces, and her parks paradises of foliage and flowers, fashion, and beauty — with only an occasional incursion from the Processional Proletariat ? Country cousins be excused for thinking that London life is always delectable; and, bored to death in their country quarters in the dull depths of an agri cultural winter, or suffering under the dis comforts of a ten-mile journey behind a pair of 'boilers,' on a snowbound road, to a third rate ball, may not unnaturally envy the children of the city their January and Feb ruary dances and dinners ana theatres, all within a quarter of an hour's drive. Eve Vansittart thoroughly enjoyed the pleasures of a London season ; the jaunts and excitements by day, Hurlingham, Sandown, Ascot, Henley, Lord's, the Ranelagh; the ever-delightful morning ride, the brilliant evening drive in the park, with its smiling flower beds, ablaze with vivid oolor, that vied with the scarlet plumes and shining breast plates flashing past now and again between the close ranks of carriages. Yes, London was brilliant, vivid, noisy, full of startling sights and sounds by day; and by night a city of enchantment where one might wander from house to house to mingle in a mob of more or less beautiful women, and beautiful gowns, and diamonds that took one's breath away by their mrgnificence. A city of fairyland, with awn ings over stately doorways and tiny gardens aglitter with colored lamps; and gorgeous reception- rooms where one heard all that there is of the most exquisite in. modern music — violin and 'cello, tenor and soprano — the stars Of opera and concert-hall, breathing their finer Btrains for the delight of these choicer as semblies. .-??,? ????? t j There are circles and circles in London, as many as in the progressive process of Esoteric Buddhism, and it is not to be supposed that a email Hampshire squire, with a paltry three thousand a year, was in the uppermost and . most sacred heaven ; but the circles touch and mingle very often in the larger gatherings of 'the season, and though Eve Vansittart did not know duchesses, she. often rubbed shoulders with. them, and for an evening lived the life they lived and thrilled to the same melodious strains, and melted almost to tears to the same music of Wolff or Hollman, till pleasure verged upon pain, and borne npon the long drawn notes of violin or 'cello, came sad, sweet memories of the years that were (tone. Van sittart knew plenty of people who were de cidedly 'nice,' and these included a fair sprinkling of the nobility and a good many givers of fine parties. His wife's beauty and charm of manner ensured her a prompt accep tance among people outside that circle of old friends who would have accepted her as a duty, even had she been neither lovely nor amiable. The most enjoyable parties must at last pro duce satiety, if they come every night, and sometimes two or three in a night ; and there came a time when Eve's strength began to flag and her spirits to aroop a little in the very midst of these pleasures, this paradise of music and Parisian comedy, of dances at night, and coaching club meets in the morn Vansittart noticed the pallid morning face and purple shadows under the dark grey eyes. 'We are doing too much, Eve,' he said anxiously, ' I am letting you kill yourself.' 'It is a very pleasant kind of death,' answered Eve, smiling at him across the small breakfast table, where a grilled chicken for him, a dish of strawberries for her, comprised the simple repast— a repast over which they always lingered as long as their engagements allowed, since it was the only confidential hour in the day. At luncheon people were always running in, or there was a snug little party invited for the free-and-easy meaL Dinner was rarely eaten at home, except when they had a dinner party. ' It is a very delicious death and I shall take a long time killing. Perhaps when I am as old as Honoria, Duchess of Boscastie, I shall begin to feel I have had enough.' ' My dearest, I love to see you happy and amused, but I musn'6 let you wear yourself out. We must have a quiet day now and . then.' 'As many quiet days as you like as long as j they are spent with you, Shall we go to ? Haslemere and spend a day with the girls — I this very day ? No, there is Lady Hartley's j dinner party to-night. Fernhurst would be ] too far. We could not get home to dress without a rush if we took a really long day on Bexley ' Fernhurst and the sisters will keep till the autumn, especially as you will behaving Sophy , here to-morrow.' ] ' Yes, Ifchall behaving Sophy,' with a faint eigh. 'We shall have no more cosy little breakfasts like this for a whole week.' ' ' Nonsense. We can send Sophy's breakfast up to her room, with strict injunctions not to j get up till eleven. People who ain't used to I parties always want a lot of sleep in the morn ! ing. Sophy shall be made to sleep!. But for 1 to day, now ? What should yon e&f; to a long, | lazy day on the river '£ We can take the train ! to Moulsey and row down to Richmond.' I ** Tco delicirus for words. Eut) there is a I tea party in Berkley-square and another at i Hyde Park Gardens. I promised to go to both.' 'Then you will eo to neither. You can send telegrams from Moulsey to say you are stedy, and your doctor ordered you to take a quiet day in the country, I beiDg your doctor j for the nonce. We'll steep ourselves in the I mild beauty of Old Father Thames, a poor I little river when one remembers the Danube and Rhine ; but he ?will serve for our holiday.' He rang for a time-table, found a train that was to leave Waterloo at eleven, and ordered the victoria to take them to the station, ' 'Now, Eve, your coolest frock and your favorite poet to read in your luxurious seat in the stern while I toil at the oar. Be sure you will not read a page in the whole afternoon— the willows and rushes, the villa gardens dip ping to the water's edge, the people in the passing boats, the patient barge horses on the tow-path — those will be your books, living, moving, changing thing?, compared with which Keats and Musset are trash, 'Endy mion' colorless, 'La Carmago' a _pbantom.' 'I'll take Musset,' said Eve, pouncing upon a vellum bound duodecimo— a chef d'oeuvre of Zaensdorf's, which was one of Van sittart's latest gifts. 'He has opened a new ?world to me.' 'A very wicked world -: for -your young innocence to explore, a world of midnight rendezvous and early morning assassinations, a world of unholy loves and savage revenges — the dagger, the bowl, the suicide's despair, the satiated worldling's vacuity. - Yet he is a poet;, ain't he, Eve ?— the greatest France ever pro duced, for compared with that ??fiery genius Hugo is but a -rhetorician.' They were at Hampton before noon and on the river in the full golden sunlight, when old Hampton Church clock struck the hour, Eve leaning back in her cushioned seat, gazing dreamily at the hazy rower midships. They had the current to help them so there was' no need for strenuous toil. The oars dipped gently, the church and village, Garriek's Temple, the gaily- decked houseboats with gardens on their roofs and bright striped awn ings, barracks, bridge, old Tudor Palace, gently passed them like shadows in a dream. Eve did not open de Musset, though the ribbon marked a page where passion hung suspended in tragic possibilities which should have stimulated curiosity. She was too happy to be curious about anything. It was her first holiday on the river, they two alone. ' If this is your idea of resting let us rest very often,' said Eve. She would not hear of landing at Kingston for luncheon. She wanted nothing but the river and the sunshine and his company all to herself. She would have some tea if he liked later; a seeing an open- air tea-house a little lower down the river and ' a garden where at this early hour there were no visitors, he pushed the nozzle of his skiff in among the reeds and then landed, and ordered tea and eggs and bread and butter to be served in a rustic arbor dose by the glancing tide. ' I daresay there are water-rats about,' said Eve, gathering her pale pink frock daintily ronnd her ankles, 'out I feel as if I should hardly mind one to-day. I feel too happy to j mind anything except a blaokbeetle, and those I dreadful creatures are indoor horrors.' They both enjoyed this humble substitute for their customary luncheon. It was a relief to escape the conventional menu — the everlasting mayonnaise, the cutlets hot or cold, the too familiar chicken and lamb. The tea and eggs { in this vine-curtained bower had the most ex- - quisite of all flavors— a taste of novelty. 1 'I am so happy,' cried Eve, ' that I think, j like Miss de Bourgh in ' Pride and prejudice,' - I could sing if I had learnt.' ; 'Your face is my music, your laughter is * better than song.' i ' Oh, you mustn't, you really mustn't talk : like that, at least not till our silver wedding,' 1 protested Eve. 'You will have to make a speech, perhaps, on that anniversary, and you ; might incorporate that idea in it. 'What, ; ladies and gentlemen, in returning thanks for j your kind compliments and this truly magnifi cent epeigne, can I say of my wife of five and twenty blissful years, except that I love her, I love her, I love her ? Her face is my music, her laughter is better than singing.' How would - that do, Jack?' I Her clear laugh rang out in the still summer air. No female of the great Bounder tribe could have enjoyed herself more frankly;. Vansittart would hardly have been surprised if she had offered to change hats with him.' 'Five and twenty years ! A quarter of a century,' she said musingly. 'I wonder what we shall be like three and twenty years hence— what the world will be like— what kind of frocks will be worn ?' ' Will the cylinder hat be-abolished ?' 'Shall we still travel by steam or only by electricity ?' ' What gunmaker will be in vogue V 'What kind of lap dog will be the rage?' So laughingly theyidawdied an hour away till after three o'clock, when a couple of Bounder laden boats came noisily to the reedy shore and their human cargo landed, scrambling upon shore, ^giggling, exploding into joyous cockney jests, with the true South London twang. 'Come,' said Vansittarfc, 'it is time w« were off.' - 'Are you sure you have rested ?' ' From my Herculean labors? Yes.' They drifted down the river, praising or dis praising the villas on the Middlesex shore, in haling the sweetness of flowering clover from the Surrey fields ; he leaning lazily on his sculls, she prattling to him, as much lovers as in the outset of their wooing: and so to Teddineton lock, where thev had to wait for a boat to come out before their boat went in. . It was the laziest hour , of the day and scarcely a leaf stirred among the willows on the eyot hard by. There .was only the sound of the water and the voioes of the- passengers muffled by.the heavy wooden gates and high walls of the smaller lock. Suddenly.the doors opened. A skiff with four passengers slowly emerged from the yawning darkness and a voice, strong, yet silvery sweet broke upon the quiet of the scene, a voice at whose first word Vansittart started as if he had been shot. The speaker started too and gave a cry, of surprise that was almost rapture. *A girl, hauess, with dark hair, heaped carelessly on the top of her small head, a girl with the love liest Italian eyes Eve had ever seen, leaned forward over the gunwale, stretching out both her gloveless hands to Vansittart. 'It is you,' she cried in Italian; 'I thought I should never see you again,' and then with a somewhat sinister glance at Eve and in almost a whisper, ' Is that your wife ? 'Si, Siora.' The girl looked at Eve with bold searohing eyes and .from her looked back again to Van sittart as bis boat passed into the lock. Her manner had been so absorbing, her beauty was so startling, that it was only in this last moment that Eve recognised the man rowing as Sefton, and saw that the other two pas sengers were a stout middle- aged woman and a little boy, both of them dark-eyed and foreign looking like the girL When Eve and Vansittart looked at' each other in the gloom of the lock both were deadly pale. ' Who is that girl ?' she asked huskily. ' ' An Italian singer— Signora VivantL You must have heard of her singing at the Apollo. 'But she knows you — intimately. She was enraptured at seeing you. Her whole face lighted no.' 'That fa the impulsive southern manner ; an organ- grinder will do as much for you if you fling hun a penny.' ? ' How did you come to know her ?' ' In Italy, years ago, before she began to be famous.' They were out of the lock by this time and in the broad sunshine. Eve could see that) her husband's pallor was not an illusive effect of the green gloom in that deep well they bad just left. He was white to the lips. Sefton ? Sefton and Fiordelisa hand in glove with each other. That was a perilous alliance, and Lisa's manner, claiming him so im pulsively, darting that evil look at his wife. He saw himself hemmed round with dangers, saw the menace of his domestio peace from two most formidable influences ; on the one hand lisa's slighted love, on the other Sefton's vin dictive dislike of a successful rival The in tensity of these apprehensions, coming suddenly npon the happy security of his wedded life, was so absorbing that he was unoonscious of Eve's pallor and of the suppressed agitation of her manner in questioning him. ' You knew her in Italy,' said Eve, her head bent a little, one listless hand dabbled in the sunlit water that reflected the vivid coloring of the boat in gleams of lapis and mala chite. 'In what part of Italy? Tell me all about her. I am dying of curiosity. There was such odious familiarity in her manner,'1 'Again I must refer you to any b^gan grinder as an example of southern exuberance.' 'Yes, yes, that is all very fine, buMBig»£-ra Vivanti must belong to a higher grade thsai the organ-grinder. She is not to lie judged % his standard.' . 'Therd you are wrong. She is of peasant birth. ? ? ? . 'Indeed. She certainly lookB common, beautiful, but essentially common. Well, Jack, where and when did you meet her?' 'Years ago, as I told you. Where?' hesi tatingly, as if trying to recall a vague memory, while lurid before his mental vision there glared the scene at Florian's, the lights, the crowd, the confused sounds of music from brass and strings, mandoline and flute, every stone of the city on that festival being resonant with varied melodies. 'Where? he repeated, seeing her looking at him impatiently. ' Why, I think it was in Verona.' 'You think. She had a very distinct memory of meeting you, at any rate,' with a little scornful laugh. 'If you were her dearest closest friend her greeting could not have been warmer.' 'Mere Celtic impulsiveness. One meets with as much warmth in the South of Ireland. Hotel waiters have the air of devoted clans men^who would shed their .blood for us. Hotel acquaintance seem as old friends.' 'How did you come to know thi3 girl — peasant born, as you say ?' 'She was in a factory and I was going over the factory, and I talked to her, and she told me her troubles, and I was interested and — — the same sort of thing happens a dozen times on a Continental tour. You don't want chapter and veree, I hope. That memory is immeshed in a tangle of other memories. I should only deceive you if I went into par ticulars.' He had recovered himself by this time and the color had come slowly back to his face as bent over the sculls, rowing faster than he need have done, much faster than on the other side of the lock. He was ready to lie with an ap palling recklessness if he could by so doing set up a barrier of falsehood between his wife and the true story of that night in Venice. He looked at her presently and saw that she was troubled. He smiled, but there was no answer ing smile. 'My darling, you are not by way of being jealous, I hope,' he said gaily. ' You are not put out because a peasant girl held out her hand's to me?' 'Signora Vivanti has been long enough in England toinow that a woman does not behave in that way to an almost stranger,' said Eve. ' Why did you look frightened at the. sound of her voice.. when the boat came out of the lock? 'Why did 'you turn pale when she spoke to you?' 'Did I really tutti'pale ? I suppose I was a little scared at her demonstrative address, fearing lest it should offend you. One has time to think of so many contingencies in a few moments. But I did not imagine you would take the matter so very seriously. Come, dearest, I think you know I have but one di vinity below the stars, worship at only one shrine.' 'Now, peihaps— but what do I know of the past?5 'If in the past I have admired and even fancied I loved women less admirable than yourself, be sure this woman was not one of them. No ghost of a dead love looks out of her eyee, beautiful as they are.' 'I must believe you,' sighed Eve. 'I want to believe you, and to be happy again.'. 'Foolish Eve. Can it be that an irrepres sible young woman's greeting was enough to maks you unhappy ?' 'Yes, it was foolish, no doubt. Women are very foolish when they love their husbands as I love you. There are scores of women I meet who think of their husbands as lightly as of their dressmakers. Would you like me to be that kind of wife — to be lunching, and gadding, and driving, and dancing in one direction, while you are gadding, and dining and card- playing somewhere else? I should be nearer being a woman of fashion than I am now.' 'Be ever what you are now. Be jealou3, even if jealousy be a proof of love.' 'There was a child in the boat — a hand some black-eyed boy. Is he her child, do you think?' Having affected ignorance at the outset, Vansittart was forced to maintain his attitude. ' Chi lo sa ?' he said with a careless shrug. 'Was it not odd that Mr. Sefton should be escorting her ?' . 'Not especially odd. She is a public character and has a herd of admirers, no doubt. Why should not Sefton be among them?' 'I never heard him mention her when he was talking of the theatres.' 'Men seldom speak of the women they admire, and Sefton is reticent about a good many things.' After this they talked of trifles, lightly, but with a somewhat studied lightness. Eve seemed again content, but her gaiety was gone, as if her spirits had drooped with the vanish ing of the sun, which now at five o'clock was hidden by low, threatening clouds. At Richmond Bridge they left their boat to be taken back by a waterman and walked through the busy town to the station. An express took them to London in good time for dressing and dining at Lady Hartley's state dinner. She had a. large old house in Hill street this year and was entertaining a good deal. 'My dear Eve, you are looking utterly washed out,' she said to her sister-in-law in the drawing-room after dinner. 'You must come to us at Redwold directly after Good wood— you could come straight from Goodwood, don't you know— and let me nurse you.' 'You are too kind. I think, though, it would be a greater rest if I were to go to Fern hurst for a few days and let the sisters and Nancy take care of me. A taste of the old poverty, the whitewashed attics and the tea dinners would act as a tonic. I am debilitated by pleasures and luxuries.' 'You were looking bright enough last night at Mrs. Cameron's French play.' 'Was I? Perhaps I laughed too much at Coquelin Cadet or eat too many strawberries.' Lady Hartley had an evening party after the dinner, and it was a shock for Vansittart on coming into the drawing-room at half -past ten o'clock, after a long drawn-out political discussion with a big wig of Sir Hubert's party, to find Sefton and Eve sitting side by side in a flowery nook near the piano, where at this moment Oscar de Lampion, the Belgian tenor, was casting his fine eyes up towards the ceiling preparatory to the melting strains of his favorite serenade — And thou canst sleep, whilst from the rain-washed lawn Thy lorer watcheB for thy pasting shade Across the blind, »nd sobs and sighs till dawn Glows o'er the vale and creeps acioas the glade. And thou canet sleep— thou heedest not his sighing ; And thou canst sleep— thou wouldst if he were dying ; 'Ses, thon canst Bleep— canst sleep— sleep. There was a second verse to the same effect, exquisitely sung, but worn threadbare by familiarity, which Vansittart heard im patiently, watching Eve and her companion, and longing to break in upon their seclusion. They were silent now, since they could not in decency talk while De Lampion was singing. There were only two verses. De Lampion was too much an artist to sing lengthy songs, although too lazy to extend his repertoire. He liked people to be sorry when he left off. Vansittart dropped into a chair near his wife. The rooms had not filled yet, bo there was a possibility of sitting down, and this quiet corner, screened by an arrangement of palms and tall golden lilies, was a pleasant haven for conversation in the brief intervals between the music, which was of that superior order which is heard in respectful silence by everybody within earshot, though the people outside the room who can't hear are apt to be troublesome, a sudden buzz of multitudinous voices break ing in upon the silence whenever a door is opened. tiefton and Vansittart shook hands directly the song was over. ' I was told you were to dine here,' said Vansittart, as an obvious opening. ' Lady Hartley was kind enough to ask me, but I had an earlier engagement in Chelsea. I have -been dining iwith the Hawberks — the composer, don't you know. Sweet little woman, Mrs. Hawberk — so sympathetic. You know them, of couree.' 'Only from meeting them at other 'people's houses.' ' Ah, you should '.know Hawberk. He's a glorious fellow. You must spare me an hour or two to meet him at breakfast some Sunday morning, when Mrs. Vansittart doesn't want you to go to church with her.' 'I always want him,' said Eve, with a decisive air. ' And does he always go ?' 'Always.' 'A model husband. I put down' the hus bands who attend the morning service among the great army of hen-pecked, together with the husbands who belong to only one rather f ogeyish club. But that comeB of my demoralised atti tude towards the respectabilities. Well, it shall, not be a Sunday, but you must meet Hawberk en petit cmiiite before the season is over. He is a very remarkable man. It was . he who invented Signora Vivanti, the lady who claimed your acquaintance so effusively to day.' ' Indeed !' said Vansittart, with a scowl which did not invite further comment, but Sefton was not to be silenced by black looks. 'Did .Mr. Hawberk bring Signora Vivanti from Italy ?' asked Eve, and Sefton could see that she paled at the mere mention of the singer's name. 'I think not. She was established in very comfortable quarters at Chelsea when Haw berk first heard her. Some good friend placed her there and paid for her training. The rest of her history is known to all the world. Haw berk finished her artistic education and had the courage to trust the fate of a new opera to an untried prima donna. The result justified his audacity, and the Vivanti fa the rage. She is original you see, and a grain of originality is worth a bushel of imitative excellence.' ' I should like to hear her sing,' said Eve. 'Then you are in a fair way of being gratified. She fa to sing to-night; Lady Hartley has engaged her.' 'Really.! How odd that Lady Hartley never mentioned her) when she was telling me about her programme!' 'The engagement was made only two or three days ago after I met) Lady Hartley ai Lady Belle TeddingteeT* luncheon partyy1 ? ..It was my suggestion. Musical » veninga are.apjb to be so dismal— Mendelssohn, de ^ Benofj, Spohr, relieved by a portentousocoto& ballad of pine-and-twentry verses by a fashionable baritone. Vivanti has sentiment and humor, chic and fire. She will be the bonquet and send people away in good spirits.' A duet for : violin and \3ell0 began at this! stage of conversation and when it was over Vansittart moved away to another Part of the room and talked to other people. la was past eleven. He knew nob how soon the Venetian might appear upon the scene, but he was determined to keep out of her way. He would not risk another effusive greeting, and with a woman of her type there was no reliance upon the restraints of society. She might be as demonstrative in a crowded drawing-room as on the River Thames. Of all irritating chances what could Jhe more exasperating than this young woman's admission to his sister's house, even as a paid entertainer? And it was Sefton's doing ; Sefton who had seen him with Fioidelisa two years ago on the Embankment and who had doubtless treasured up the re membrance of that meeting ; Sefton who had admired Eve and had been scorned by her and who perhaps hated Eve's happier lover. Nothing could be more disquieting for Vansittart than that Sefton should have made himself the friend and patron of Fiordelisa^ — even if he were no more than friend or patron. If he were pursuing the Venetian girl with evil intentions it would be Vansittarf s duty to warn her. He had urged her to lead a good life — to redeem the error of her girlhood by a virtuous and reputable womanhood. It would be the act of a coward to stand aside and keep silence while her reputation was being blighted by Sefton's patronage. True, that her aunt and son had been the companions of to-day's river excursion ; true that her presence had given respectability to the jaunt ; yet with his knowledge of Sefton's character Vansittart could hardly believe that his intentions towards this lovely daughter of the people could be altogether free from guile. He hated the idea of an interview with Lisa, whose undisciplined nature might again reveal itself in some un welcome demonstration; but he told himself that it was his duty to give her fair warning of Sefton's character. She might have been Harold Marchant's wife, perhaps, with a legiti mate protector but for his — Vanaifctart's — evil passions. This gave her an indisputable claim upon his care and kindness — a claim nob to be whistled away because it involved unpleasant ness or risk for him. He went back to Eve presently and asked her to come into the inner drawing-room, where there were people who wanted to see her ; an excuse for getting her away from Sefton, who still held his ground by her chair. ' I shall Jose my place if I stir,' she said ; ' and I want to hear Signora Vivanti.' ' Fll bring you back.' 'There'll be no getting back through the crowd. Please let me stay till she has sung.' ' As you please.' He turned and left her, offended that she should refuse him : vexed at her desire to hear the woman who had already been a bone of contention between them. He went back to the inner drawing-room, as far as possible from the piano and the clever German pianist who had arranged the programme for Lady Hartley, and who was to accompany— somewhat re luctantly — the lady from the Apollo, whose performance might pass the boundary-line of the conmie-U-faut, he thought. Vansittart stood where he could just see Lisa by looking over the heads of the crowd. She took her stand a little way from the piano and dear of the audience, with admirable aplomb, in no wise embarrassed, though this was her first society performance. She was in yellow — a yellow crape gown, very simply made, with a babyish bodice and short puffed sleeves; and on the clear olive of her finely moulded neck there flashed the collet necklace which represented the first-fruits of the Venetian's success. Vansittart shuddered as he noted the jewels, for he had the accepted idea of actress's diamonds, and he began to fear that Lisa had already taken the wrong road. She sang a' ballad from the new serio-comic opera ' Haroun Alraschid,' a ballad which all the street organs and all the smart bands were playing and which was as familiar in the re motest slums of the east as in the gardens of the west. I am not fair, I am not wise, But I would die for thee ; My ODly merit in thine eyes Is my fidelity. Oh. couldst thou kill me with thy frown, That death Fd meekly meet ; For it were joy to lay me down And perish at thy feet. It was the song of a slave to her Sultan and glanced from the supreme of sentiment to the absurdity of burlesque. Th9 song was the rage, but it was the power and passion of the singer that made it so. The sudden silvery laugh with which she finished the second verse, chang ing instanteneously from sentiment to mock ing gaiety — with a sudden change in metre and sentiment — was a touch of originality that delighted her audience and the song was ap plauded to the echo. Vansittart had moved into the music-room while she sang, as if drawn irresistibly by the power of song, and he was near enough to see his wife and Sefton talking to the singer — praising her, no doubb--uttering only the idle nothings which are spoken upon such occasions ; but the idea that Eve should get to know this woman's name, that they should talk together familiarly, and, above all, that Lisa should know his name and be able to approach wife or husband whenever some wild impulse urged her attack was dreadful to him. How could he be sure henceforward that his secret should remain a secret? Was the Ve netian a person to be trusted with the power of life or death? He went back to the inner room and was speedily absorbed in the duty of attending two colossal dowagers with monumental necks and shoulders, and diamonds as large as chandelier drops, to steer whom down a London staircase past a stream of people who were ascending was no trifling work. In the dining-room the debris of dessert and the ashes of cigarettes had given place to an elegant arrangement of old Derby Iplates, peaches, grapes, and straw berries, chicken salad, and foie gras sand wiches, and to this light refreshment people were crowding as eagerly as if dinner were an obsolete custom. Blocked in between two great ladies, pouring out champagne for one and peeling a peach for another, Vansittart was secure from being pounced upon by Fior- delisa. He saw Sefton sitting with her at a little table in a corner as he piloted his aristo cratic three-deckers to the door. Sefton was plying her with champagne and lobster salad and her light joyous laugh rang out above society's more chastened gaiety. He hated Sefton with all his heart that night, and he was too angry with Eve to speak toner either as they waited in the hall for their carriage or during the short drive home. Never before had he treated her with this sullen rudeness. She followed him into his den, where he went for a final smoke before going upstairs. She stood by his chair for a few minutes in silence, watching him as he lighted his cigar, and then she said gently — 'What fa the matter with you to-night,' Jack 1 Have I vexed you?' ' I don't know that you have vexed me — but I know that I am vexed.' 'About what?' ' I didn't like to see you so officiously civil to Signora Vivanti. It fa all very well for dowagers and fussy matrons to take notice of a public singer,, but it is a new departure for you.' ' I could hardly help myself. She sang so delightfully and I was pleased with her and then Mr. Sefton introduced her to me. What could I dp but praise her when I really admired her?' 'No, you were blameless. It was Sefton's fault. He had no right to introduce her to you.' ! ' But is she not respectable ?' 'I cannot answer for her respectability. I know nothing of what kind of life she has led since she made her debut. She wears diamonds and that fa not a good sign.' 'She does not look like a disreputable person,' said Eve very thoughtfully. 'There fa something frank and simple about her that I liked. That boy must be hers, he fa so like her. Do you know if she was ever married— if the boy's father was her husband ?' 'I know very little about her, as I told you to-day ; but I should say not.' ' Poor thing ! I am very sorry for her.' ' You need not waste too muoh pity upon her. -She seems perfectly happy. A peasant girl, reared upon polenta, does not consider these things so tragically as they are con sidered in Mayfair.' 'How scornfully you speak of her. I am sure she fa a good girl at heart. She re membered seeing me in the boat to-day and she asked me if I was your wife. Sae repeated my name curiously, as if she had never heard it before. Did not she know your name when you met her in Ferrara or wherever it was ?' ? 'Very likely not. I was an Englishman. That might have been a sufficient distinction in her mind.' ? 'I hope she fa not leading a wicked life,' said Eve with a sigh. ' She has a good face.' ' Do not let us trouble about her any more,' said Vansittart, looking earnestly up at the thoughtful face that was looking down at him. ' She has almost brought dissension between us — for the first time.' ' Only almost. We could not be angry with each other long, could we, Jack? But yon must own it was enough to take any wife by surprise. A beautiful Italian girl stretching out both her hands in eager greeting— almost falling out of her boat into ours. Any wife caring very much for her husband would have felt as I did — a sudden bitter pang of jealousy.' ' Any wife must be a foolish wife if she felt that pang knowing herself beloved as you do.' 'Yes, I think that now you are honestly fond of me. Ah, how can I think otherwise when you have been so indulgent, so dear? Yet in the past you might have loved that beautiful dark-eyed girL You never pre tended. I was your first love. And if you did care for her, do please be candid and tell me. I should be happier it I knew the worst. It cooJS no^ffiJAtt^much to me, you see, Jack, *nafc|ron should havO been fond of her onoe! Nearest, dearest,' she repeated coaxinelv with Sftfcfc!!^^^ teu'*** leaned against hu own, ' tell me the worst.' Eto, now often must I protest that I nev-« cared for this girl-that &e; was Teverfn* thing tome bnt a friendless woman— friendless except for an aunt as poor and as ignorant as herself. She was never anything* to me— never Are you satisfied now ? As far as Fiordeliaa is concerned you know the worst.' 'T am satisfied. But if you did not care for her she cared for you. She could net have looked as she looked to-day— her whole face lighting up with rapture— if she had nob loved you. Only love can smile like that. Bat I won t tease you ; the thought of her shall never again come between us.' ' So be it, Eve. We have had our much ado about nothing. We will give Signora Vivanti a holiday. Sophy will be with you to-morrow and will want no end of amusement — exhibi- tions all day and a theatre every night, with an evening party afterwards. I know what country cousins or country sisters are. Besides, it will be Sophy's debut, and she will expect to make an impression.' ? ' I hope she will not be too fine,' said Eve, remembering Sophy's strivings to maintain ft ' :i fine lady air under difficulties. ' *' 'She will be as fine as the finest, be sure of that. She will expect matrimonial offers ? to be a success in her first season. Why don't you marry her to Sefton ?' ' I don't like Mr. Sefton.' ' But Sophy might [like him, and he is rich and well born. If he is not a gentleman that is his own affair— not any fault in his race.' { lo be continued. J 