CONFIRM A TION SERVICE A.T CHRIST CIIURCII. There "was an overflowing: congregation at Christ Church last evening, -when the Xtord Bishop, of 3Ielbouriie (Dr. Goe) administered the rite of confirmation to 105 from the thiee parishes. The bishop was assisted in the solemn ceremony by his chaplain, the Her. Canon Goodman, and the Revs. G-. X. McDonnell (Christ' Church), "W. Charles Pritchara. stud Evelyn Snodgrass (St. PauTs), and "W_ H.~ Kelly '{All Saints), took part in the proceedings. - "After the confirmation hyiim had been sung;" -with marked fervor by the confirmees-and the congregation, the bishop addressed those about to be confirmed on the solemn obliga tion into "which they would enter, when they ratified the promise given in baptism to renounce the devil and his pomps, the "world and the flesh. He spoke also of the gifts which the Holy Ghost con ferred upon those who received the Spirit of God in confirmation. The service tamcht them to pray for the gift of the Holy Ghost, the.pearl of great price, and they could do so with confidence, for what God had promised He was read}* to fulfil. After reminding | them that the net of confirmation was the ancient ceremony of laying on of hands as practised by the Apostles, and continued by the Bishops of the church. When they stood1 up to Tenew the vow given in baptism they should do it with sincerity of purpose, and when they "received the great gift of the Holy Spirit they would be enabled to walk with God more and more until they were fit to be received into the home that He hug prepared for those that . lore TTTm. After the answer " we do " had been given to the question ** Do you renounce,efc.r" the Bishop prayed for. those to be confirmed, and the whole congregation joined in singing the hymn " Thine for Ever." The laying on of hands was then proceeded with* and the ceremony occupied some time. The ma jority of the confirmees were young ladies, who were attired in white, many of them wearing pretty and becoming veils in place of the ordinary head-dress adopted at cere monies of this character. "When the ad ministration of the rite had concluded the Bishop again addressed the confirmees on the fruits winch the sacrament should produce in their souls. They had received the laying on of hands in accordance with the example of the Holy Apostles, and how would they keep the precious gift they had received r How could they be sure that they hud the Holy Spirit of Godr They liad to remember that &e; operations of the Holy Spirit in the heart were gradual, and not characterised by fits and starts, and leaps and bozmds. The work of the Holy Spirit consisted in develop ing the good seed of God's word. The growth of the human frame was gradual, and the seed planted in the soU" did not at once burst forth into harvest, but had to be allowed to germinate, and so it was with the growth of the influence of the Holy Spirit on the liuman souL They could only tell that the Holy Spirit dwelt in them by the fruit which was brought forth. If at the end of twelve monthsthey were conscious of au increased love for prayer, and in the word of God and the Holy Communion, they could be sure that they had received the Holy Spirit. If they made good use of the. three means of grace he had referred to* they would increase in the possession of God's Holy Spirit more and more, until they came, to His Heavenly Kingdom of Glory- Those confirmed comprised 55 candidates from Christ Church parish, 34. from St. Paul's, and 16 from All Saints*. 