RELIGIOUS SERVICES. Wesleyan, Forest Street.-The Rev. E. W. Nye preached in the morning, taking his text from parts of Acts [?] referring par ticularly to “being full of the Holy [?]host,” and to tbo relations of Pentecost with the gift of the spirit and after history of (he church, which could ho summed up ns being (1) Solemn imuiguraton of Christ's spiritual reign ; (2) bestowal of the divine gift never to be revoked; (3) the equipment of the Christian Church for missionary work. The preacher here referred nt some length to the foreign missionary services.which are to bo held in the city during next week. The second part, of the sermon had particular reference to Pentecost teachings for individual Christians Tho result of Christians being tilled with the spirit was Unit they were llllcd with love fox* their fellow men, with joy and glowing zeal for tho cause of Christ, with love to all man kind, with steadfast courage in righteousness, and with power for usefulness, which were tho present privileges of Christians, the con ditions being an entire surrender to Christ and a belief in prayer. A largo congregation was present in tho evening to hear the Rev. Amimo Bale, a native New Britain minister. Ho discoursed in his own language, and it was translated aloud by the Rev. B. Danks. Pkimitivk Mktjtoiust Chdkch. — .Mis sionary anniversary services were held nt ail tho Primitive Methodist churches in Bendigo. The Rowan street pulpit was occupied in the morning by tho Rev. H. B. Barber, who dis coursed on “Tho increasing Christ," taking for his text, St. John iii., 30-“He must in crease.” Tho preacher, after giving tho his tory of the utterance, stated that what God designs must como to pass. God designs Christ to increase, and by tho power of God s intention, “Ho must increase.” Christ’s divinity accounts for His over widening in fluence. Alexander conquered tho world, but after bis death his kingdom died out; but not so with Christ’s kingdom. It has enlarged with tho growth of the ages. They combined power of divine providence, tho holy scrip tures, and that of tho Holy Ghost, is advanc ing Christ’s increase. Christ’s increase en sures individual progress, social development, and national advancement. Therefore to promote Christ’s increase is to do the work which God Himself is doing, and this be queaths a lasting benefit to the race. This may be done by personal effort and tbo com bined action of Christian men. In tbo aftciv noon tho Rev, G. A. Weller officiated, basing his discourse on the words, “And the ran somed of the Lord shall return and como to Zion with songs and everlasting joy upon their heads; they shall obtain joy and glad ness, and sorrow and sighing shall ileo away" —Isaiah, xxxv., 10, Tho preacher said the test primarily referred to God’s ancient people returning from tho Babylonian cap tivity to their loved city Jerusalem, but was a type of tho Christian and character, whilst journeying through this world in their way to heaven. The preacher spoke of tho way of religion as being a highway, well marked out; of its being a way of holiness, nud as holiness ensured happiness there wore joy* and gladness; of its compaironships, meeting with tho good men of the earth who jyerp disciples of Christ, members of God’s jnmjl y anil heirs of glory. In conclusion, he counselled' the’ congregation to got into the way of life by accepting Christ as their Savior, then they would have joy and glad ness on earth which would bo perpetuated in heaven. In tho evening tho Rev. James Wilson, of Ballarat (recently from England), preached a thoroughly practical sermon, faking as his text tho 35th to the 39th verses of tho 1st chapter of John’s Gospel. The ;naih jdea jn tho discourse was Christ’s in fluence on individuals. First, on John tho Baptist, Christ’s forerunner, who was a fingerpost pointing him out—“Behold the Lamb of God,” etc, ; secondly, on the two disciples who promptly followed Christ when bp was pointed out by John, Tho preacher tjion spokp of what the disciples found when they followed Christ —a master and an ex perience. This, said the preacher, was John’s bjrtl)day, which ho nover forgot. At Wade Street, Mr. Wjlson preached in tjxo morning from the words, “ I follow after if that I may apprehend that for which I am apprehended of Christ Jesus” (Pbilippians iii., 14). The subject was “ the two-fold apprehension. ” St Paul was first apprehended by Christ that ho might apprehend and attain to perfect manhood. In tho afternoon tho Rev. Mr. Barber officiated, and Mr. J. Gilbert in tho evening. At Buokloy street, Mr. T. M, Egglestono discoursed in the morning from the words, “Eor it is written, thou shalt worship the Lord thy God and him only shall thou servo” (Luke iv, } 8). In tho afternoon tho Rev. Mr. Wilson spoko to a large con gregation of young people oo the subject of tho “Master’s guest chamber” (Mark xiv., 14). In the evening the Rev. Mr. Barber officiated. There were good congregations in each of tho churches. Public missionary meetings will bo held at the Rowan street this evening, Buokloy street on Wednesday evening, and at Wade street on Thursday evening. Each mooting will bo preceded by a public tea. ORAKCJE Service —The annual orange ser mon was preached in tho Congregational Church last evening, to a crowded congrega tion, by tho Rev. K. Koilh Mackay, who took as his text, Exodus xii., 6, “What mean yc by this service. ” In introducing tho subject Mr. Maokay dwelt upon tho position of the Israelites in Egypt and their dejivcranco by God/wfio raised up Moses’ for that purpose, and'Ioading them from tho land of bondage to the laud of freedom, he gave it as a command that in tho now land they should establish a memorial service to remind thorn of the loving care of their Ood and to instil grati tude into 1 the minds of their children. Ho wont'on tt>-say that our groat national .events PVd marked by memorial. • Wo tell in jjohg'Wnd story bow our fcatlicrs fought for political freedom ; how our warriors uphold the glory of England’s name on the battler ||e]ch aild so It is right that we should rai>$o our tribute to the leaders of t}io past wl)o fought and bled for oar religious freedom. But, said tho preacher, it is moi*o than that T-io answer to tho question, “What moan yc," pi Orangemen, by this service, is, first, that it is a declaration of our loyc for and faith in God, After cjwojljng on thiq poiqt for some time, ho then gave tuo second answer, that it was a declaration pf in which ho explained tho qualifications for an Orange man, conspicuous in which wore that he should cultivate truth and justice, brotherly kindness and charity, abstaining from all un charitable words, actions, or sentiments, the observance of which ho pressed upon the members of tho order. The third answer was, •‘It is a declaration of loyalty.” Quoting again from the qualifications, ho said tho glory of God, the welfare of man, the honor of bis sovereign, and tho good of his country should bo the motives of his actions. Tho sermon, which was delivered extemporaneously, and occupied 35 minutes, was closely fol , elmir and lowed by tho congregation. - orchestra wore under Mr. Johns, and ren dered a number of anthems in first-class iftyje. They will also sing at tho demons ra tion on Tuesday evening. 