GRAVE AND GAY. ' KucitlMTlpN is riiliiiiblo only us it unbends us ; the idle ciin know nothing of it.' Many people leave oft business and suit lo down lo u life of enjoy menl, but they generally find that, they aro not neiiYl.v so happy »s they lvere before, nml they hi-oo! ten ijlucl lo return to their old oeeiipnliun to escape the. miseries of indolence. 'Tur.Y tell me that, Mis3 lii/./.le calls you' an up ftart,' says a, young nnin to Gus de Jay. ?' .Ve»: but I cawn't blame her, don't you know. I had sat down on a, pin just at that time, don't you know.' Win:: 'Hut I must have a 'new chimney-piece.' Husband: 'But I can't afford it.' Wife: 'Butl iiiiisL have it !' Husband : ' Well, get it ! Wo must have peace, whether we cm afford it or not.' ' You must not lift your hut now to a lady,'. said Quoter. ' You must put your hand on your heart and boiv.' ' Can't,' said Snubber, 'she always lm» my heart herself.' I'll stick to hat Jiftin-;.' li\Ni:s: 'Goodness me, Shanks! How do you happen to lie trundling a buby-can-inge. '{' Shanks: ' I borrowed il of my sisler. It's to pi-olect nivself fi-om being run into by other linby-cim-inges.' Wu can all choose, sincerity rather than show, justice rather than wil.. truth rather than golden opinions. If w« cniiuut bo brilliant, without dis sembling, let. ii« for ever bo dull; if wo eannol. excito or iiilcreil, or ;iiiiii..(- olbp.rs wiUiont being unjust-, let ii* be i-iiiilunt. lo he ludious and eoniiiioiiplace. Yet this will not, be I In; eventual outcome' of the In-avo tvt-oivp.' When this .principle obtains a sure foot hold, il, will go far toward making rriilh attractive and justice inspiring. The faoultios thus withdrawn from Ihe false will centre upon the true. Mot ono will bo lost, but. all will be drawn into a purer atmosphere ' A n ! dear doctor, bovy is my w-ifo to-day ? ' rJCho duel or shook bis head, and said, ' You must prepare .for the worst.' 'What!' suid the husband, 'do you think that she is likeiy to get, over it?' A M.UTKK-or-r.UT philosopher asset- Is that ' love l« to domeslic lifo what, butler is to bread — il, poss'essen little nourishment, in itself, but, gives to substantial* a grand relish, without which they would bu hardo- to swalltfiv.' It i-i report pd of more than one co:irfc fool, and among others of Triboulet, Ihe fool of .bViincis I., that when told by his sovereign that if a certain courtier beat him to death, as' he threatened, he would hang him the hour afler, his request was that his Majesty would ruthor do so the hour before. John and Julia's chess problem, by Amnter. John to move and mate in two move3 : .lolm moves his arm round Julia's neck ; She iuove3 one square and whispors — ' check ' He, nothing daunted, moves right straight His lips lo hers, aud calls out — ' male !'' Two Scotch students, desiring to make themselves comfortable, had a stovo put, up in their chamber ; one bought the stove and the other paid the mason to have n liolo cut iu tho chimney. They broke up. housekeeping Iho other day, nnd divided the effects. One had the stovo and the other the hole. At a dinner party, tho1 conversation turning upon the introduction of many unnecessary passages in the marriage service, the host referred to the absurdity of a man who had no property whatever gravely de claring that he endowed his' bride with tho whole of his possessions. ' Saw, when I- married,' said he, 'I hadn't a shilling in the world.' 'Hut,' chimed in his wife, 'you had your splendid talents. ' 'Well, but T didn't endow you with them,' was the smart rejoinder. 'Tiiiiim are only about 20 really great diamonds iu the world.' The most remarkable thing about them is that no Ie33 than 20 minstrel end-men, 37 comedians, and III' stars ' each have one of the 20. Some of ihe others aro owned by ordinary people and Bummer-resort hotel clerks. Eim.v (who has called lo take Lizzie to the great murder (rial): '.What deop black, dearest ! ' Lizzie: ' Yes. 1 thought it would bo only decent, as the poor wretch is sure to bo found guilty.' Emily: ' Ah ! Whore 1 was dining last night, 'it was even belting which way tho verdict would go, so I only put on half-mourning.' Oixivir.it, the b'rench actor, possessed incrediblo powers of mimicry. Ho could assume the voico, gestures, and facial expression of any person he chanced to meet with. Ono day ho called on hi9 tailor lo ask him lo give him a little more time for the payment of his bills, which hud been running on for threo yoaiv. Al. thai, moment he *nw a customer enter Iho shop nnd pay i-ash down for several article* of cl .-thing winch wore delivered lo liim. Then tho artist lipavod a deep sigh of pain. 'AVhal, is the mall or with yon? ' inquired the. tailor. ' Alas ! ' re plied Ollivier, ' I lien; is u man I shall nevor bo able lo imitate!' A vnitv poor ael or having played the part of tho 'host, in Hamlet, for many years, Suphir, the Gorman wil, on Hoeing him, said : ' It would bo a good tiling if this man ipivo up Ihe ghost, so that somebody else could take his purl.' A youm: poet once Eent tho liuiuorisl. 'An Ode to Liiimorfnlity,' request ing his opinion of it. Saphir returned Iho 'manuscript, with the incssngn : 'This pnckel will never reach its address.' ' Three persone,' remarked tho wit, ' sleop soundly - -a child, a corpse, and a nichl watch man.' During his sojourn in X—, Saphir wiw frequently in the society of a well-known theatrical manager, whoso diilnpss was nolorioiw. ' How strange il. is Hint my'legs go lo sleep every diy !' he remarked upon one occasion. 'How can you wonder ?' returned Saphir ; ' thoy are always in your company.' '? Which, my dear lady, do yoii think the merriest place in Ihe world ? ' 'That 'immediately above tho atmosphere that surrounds tho earth, I should think.' ' And why so ? ' ' Because I am told that there all bodies -W their fintrili/' A nun, who was making a drc^s put tho sleeves in wrong. She was unable to eimnge them, as she could not determine whether sho had got the right sleeve in the wrong plitco, or tho wrong sleeve iu the right place. Or all tho specimens of tiornum-Knglish ortho graphy that ever saw tho light, that, of a country ta-vern-keepor is ihu most excruciating. Ho has ' painted liim n sign,' and it reads, ' Doshdevele Nudrushd1'— '-Positively no trust.' A waitbk, lit ono of the hotels of a fashionable watering-place, lately decamped with tho entire m'lvor nnd plato laid for 'a breakfast party. It is said that ho also ate all the toast, and 'left not a me?: behind.' A Sacie Solution — It often occurs, if il. be not the rule, That a clover man' takes for companion a fool : At first this seems strnngo ; but it can't bo deniod That the ' sago ' nnd the ' goose ' (should be closely allied ! An old fellow, who is always 'perpetrating bad jolt.-s, persists in describing 'gamesters' as birds of -ar o' dico ; and ho accounts for tho presenrm of blacklegs in a pheapfold by citing'the notorious fiu-u I hat, lambs are always passionately fond of (;aiu tiolliuif. 