POETRY AND TRIFLES. ORIGINAL POETRY. OBEDIENCE AND DUTY Would you a happy life at home ? abroad One simple lesson will afford A remedy for all whose peace would be assured. Unrest and discontent ; the keys to woe On every hand by high and low Are daily used, and lead to ruin's overflow Our duties ably done with cheerful will And patient ceaseless care can still Be made the means of healing and brighteningg every Ill. When in a pool of water thrown : Embraces its whole space with ever widening zone All duties whether so-called great or small Done truly ; If we rise or fall Build up the fabric safe which will protect us all Fathers and mothers look to it with care Your children learn that lesson rare Obedience and dutious love so comely and so fair Your lives and theirs will ever be the theme Of happy thoughts and joyous dreams, Like roses floating down a pure and crystal stream ANONYMOUS 30th November, 1892. A good many Hank cashier« are bice guns r well loaded when they go olf. " Small thanks to yon," said a plaintiff tootie of his witnesses, "for what yon said in luis case." "All, sir," replied the latter, " bjjt just think of what I didn't say." Tommy (inquiringly)'- " Murnini, is this hair-oil in this bottle!" Muinina--"Morry no! That's mucilage." Tommy (non-chu luntly)-" I guess that's why 1 cauto get my hat oir." " Yes," said Jones, " whun my wife goes mad HIIC reminds me of a vessel nuder way. " " How, so?" inpaired Smith.* " Iteeawse she's got lier rancour up." Scene-Board School-Junior alais at "meaning,')" lesson. Teacher-"Givo mc a definition of 'responsibility:' " Boy-" I'h-ase, mum, when your brecks are bandin' up wi' ss* button an'a preen." A very good actor having played'Hie part oF thc ghost in "Hamlet" for many years, Saphir, the German wit, on seeing kim, said - " It would lie a good thing if Writ mun Rave up the ghost, so that somebody oise eould take his part. " He- "A-tile fact is, Ï don't care for p^ijm larity. X only wish my books tb be admired by those whose admiration is really worth, having!" She-" And who ate Uley ?" Hc-v " Those who admire my books ! Thc following is tnlicn from a regimental paper :-' A littlo boy was rcadiug. iu Iiis Scottish history un account of thc battle af Bannockburn. He read us follows1:-' And when tho English army saw the new army on thc hill behind tlniir spirits became damped. ' The teacher asked bim what wns.«Muant, by damping their spirits, nod thu boy, not com- prehending thc meaning, simply atniu'crod,. ' Httiii water in their whisky !' " 