Whose Was tlie Sand? By Miss Bradixdn, Author of 'Lady Audle/s Secret/' &c; CHAPTER XYIIL— (Contiotied.) The divan is a little room on the half flight, I itted up in Maureaque style, and only divided from the landing by a partition, partly painted s^laas and partly carved sandal wood from Persia. It is a capital nook for gossip or flirtation, and when we have a party the divan is always in great request. It is lighted by an Oriental lamp, which is in perfect harmony v.'ith the decoration, but which sjivos a veiy indifferent light. Cyril ordered strawberries and lemonade to ba sent up to this retreat, and we sat there for half &n; hour pretending to talk about the opera ; but both of us obviously preoccupied and uncomforfc» able, and both of up listening for the opening ot the study door below. I know we talked ia, hushed voices, and never withdrew our attention from what was going on downstairs. We could see the hall door through the open door of the divan, at the end of -the vieta beyond the shallow JiiTnt of stains. ' 1 hate mysteries,' Cyril said at last, in tbe jnidst of a languid debate about the merits and demerits of the new tenor. I got up and Cyril and I went on to the land ing, and stood there looking over the balustrade into the hail until the door opened, and his father's voice called to the footman, ' See that person out,' whereupon the man opened the great liall door, and the midnight visitor went out ]ust a minute or so before the carriage stopped, and mother alighted. She came into the hall in her long white cloak with its downy ostrich trimming, such a lovely, ? ^raeious figure, the gems in her rich brown hair flashing in the lamplight. Uncle Ambrose came out of his den to receive her. ' Were you amused, dearest ?' he asked. Was it a pleasant party ?' . ' It was a brilliant one, at any rate,' she answered. ' I met all the people we know, and a few stars and foreign orders that I don't know. How white you look, Ambrose. You ought not to be up so late. What was the use of staying away away from the opera and the reception only to tire yourself at home ?' ' I have not been tiring myself, except with a dull book by a clever man. What pains some clever men take to be dull, by the way. -I have been resting as much as I can rest, dear. T am past that golden age when sleep comes at will.' ' But you had a late visitor. Who was the man who ' went out of the house just before I arrived ?' ' An oid acquaintance— that is to say, a boot binder who worked for me years ago, who has the common complaint of old acquaintances — impecu- niousness.' ' And you helped him, of course ?' ' I heard his story, and have promised to con sider it.' ' But if he is in immediate want ? ' ' My dearest, I have no opinion of the man's character, and I am doubtful whether I ought to believe his story. He forced an entrance into this house in an unwarrantable manner, and it would have served him right had I sent for a policeman and given him in charge. However, he pleads sore distress as an excuse for his audacity, and I let him tell me his story. I shall do nothing for him unless 1 get some confirmation of it from a respectable quarter.' Cyril and 1 were leaning over the balustrade straining our ears to listen. A bookbinder; that impertinent wretch is a bookbinder And what a tissue of falsehoods his 6tory of distress must be when I saw him reeling out of a restaurant with his boon companions less than a week ago. 1 suppose the wretch has said nothing about his meeting with me. He may not have associated the name of Hatrell with his old employer, Mr. Avden ; and yet a man of that kind, hanging about the house as he has done, would be likely to find out all about us. He passed close to me as he pushed his way into the hall ; but it is just possible he did not recognise me in my very uiLurent style of dress. There was nothing in my stepfather's manner to indicate agitation or iritation at any kind. I ni.'ryr heard his melodious voice calmer or his Kceents more measured than when he explained the midnight visit to my mother in the hall. ' The mountain has brought a mouse/' said Cyril gaily. Mother came upstairs in the next minute, so I wished Cyr.il good night and went up to her dressing-room with her to hear all about the p.irty, while her maid took off her jewels and linery. July 15. — We are at home once more inthe dear old rooms and in the lovely old garden, and I feel almost as if my 16th birthday were still a grand event in the future — feel almost as young as I felt in the old childish days before mother's marriage, and our Italian travels, and our London jraietius, and all the experiences that have made me a woman of the worl£. I feel almost as I felt at 16 ; almost, but not suite, as happy as I felt then. There is no usft m keeping a diary unless one is sternly truthtul, and stern truth compels me to acknowledge to this book that; I am not so happy as I was before mother's marriage and my own engagement to Cyril. In those old days I was as free as air— free to think and to dream, and to shape the many colored visions of my future life out of those idle dreams. Xow my future is all mapped out for me, and my life has a master who will dictate all things. He is good, he is devoted, he is all that a fiance should be, but still he is my master. There oan be no douht of that. My duty as his plighted wife involves confidence and obedience. I am bound to confide in him ; I am bound to obey him. Oil, I wish, I wish I loved him better. I wish I could feel as mother did when she was 19 years of age, and eugagtd to my father. She has talked to me oi'tenof her thoughts and feelings at that time — how it seemed to her as if all this life of ours, and all this world we live in, began and ended in Eobert Hatrell. I have never felt like that, never, never, never. What a perverse wretch I must be ! How per sistently all my thoughts and fancies drift into the wrong channel. Only this morning, walking alone on the terrace, where I made tea for Mr. Florestan, the fancy flashed into my mind that on that particular afternoon I was happier than I had ever been in my life. What an idle notion, as idle and capricious as any of the fancies of my childhood when I used to give myself up to day dreams, and lie upon the new cut grass in haymaking time and dream of all the people I loved most in j history, and dream that I was walking in the ! woods beyond Lamford with Charles I. j and Henrietta Maria, and that I was appointed | somehow to come between him and his enemies, yes, to save him from the scaffold, to help him in nis escape, like Flora Macdonald with the young Pretender. Cbarles Edward was not i-omantic enough for me. Alas ! I knew that he-got fat and | took to drinking in his old age. History is so brutal. Charles I. was my hero. I forgot all his shiftiness and double- dealing, his selfish ; sense otfbisown importance, his cowardly abandon- 1 nient ol Btrairora. JL lorgot everything except j that his head was very beautiful, as Vandyke ; painted it, and that Bradshaw and his crew cut ! it off. j Foolish, foolish Alice-in-Wonderland fancies. ; Every girl of 11 or 12 has her Wonderland, and ? if she has been crammed with history it is not of \ birds and beasts that she dreams, but of Joan of j Arc, and her martyrdom at Eouen ; or of Henry, ? the first Bourbon king, murdered in the quaint i old streets of mediaeval Paris; or ©f Mary of j Scotland; or Marie Antoinette and the young I Dauphin, who suffered the most cruel reverse of fortune that ever prince endured, and who died mysteriously, done to death in the wicked old prison. My earliest dreams were of heroes and martyrs, my chosen favorites in the world of the dim romantic past. Then came more selfish day dreams, visions of the life that I was to lead and the wonderful things 1 was to do when I grew up. When I grew up — Oh, phrase of marvellous meaning. Wealth, wisdom, power unlimited were to come to me as a matter of course — when ;I had grown up. I was to be very beautiful. liOvelier than a ivone else. There would be no ?ood in a common-place, every-day beauty, e -mist be beautiful exceedingly, an advantag ./which would not be without its drawbacks, as I '?hould have on an average to reject a suitor a \--&}. 3c\uty Las its dufcws as well na its rights/ _ F ? _| fEe ctuty 61 crushing presumptuous pretenders to its favor. Silly, silly 'dreams ! I am blushing, dear Diary, at the mere recollection of my absurdity ; but I am happy to say this kind of day-dream only lasted as long as the novelty of being in my teens, and the first keen delight of wearing a gold watch which mother gave me on my thirteenth birthday. Later dreams were of philanthropic revolutions. I was to be the guardian angel of a great district in the poorest part of London. I saw myself walking in streets and alleys where the police hardly dared to enter. I saw myself visiting the hospitals, carrying good tidings to the dying. My heart swelled at the thought of the grood I would do when I grew up, if mother would lot me do just as I liked, and spend my money how I liked. Some foolish chattering maia-s9rvant had told me that I should be rich, that I should have my own independent fortune when I grew up. There were other visions that indicate a sub stratum of inordinate vanity under all my girlish shyness. 1 could not take up an art without dreaming that I was going to excel in it. If I got on fairly well with my practice of the Pastorale or the Pathetique, I fancied that I was going to work on until I became a second Schumann or Essipoli'. If I just managed to paint a little water-col oied sketch- of the river or tbe village — the gable end of a cottage and a bit of garden — a backwater under tho willows — I saw before my eager footsteps a long, bright road leading to a dazzling temple, where Fame sat ready with gar lands and trumpets and gold medals, ready to pronounce me second only to Jlillais for figure and landscape. Idle, idle dreams. They have all fled long ago — fled into the limbo of all childish things — gone to the great rubbish heap where some of my dearest dolls ate rotting. I hope and believe that I am cured of silly vanities.audthatl am a fairly sensible young woman, quite aware of the differ ence of my dream nose — a perfect Grecian — and my real nose, a very tolerable retrousse — quite aware that a complexion powdered with freckles every summer ctin hardly be considered alabaster — my dreatnself had a distinctly alabaster com plexion. In a word, I am aware of all my short coinings, mental and physical, and am reconciled to them. All I a6k in life is to live always with, or very near, mother, to bo happy, and the cause of happiness in others. Is that too much to ask, I wonder, in a world so full of s-ailering? I fear it is. If one i.ad newly-alighted upon this earth in some tropical valley, or by some Italian lake, one would sirp pose it a wovld made only for iiliss. Who woulf' suspect earthquakes, or disastrous tempests, floods, diseases aud famine, poisonous sei-p=nt£ and savage tigers, upon so fair a planet ? Who would ever guess, new to the scene, that tbe majority of mankind are full of trouble, as the sparks ny upward ? K'o, there was never a more idle thought than that of mine which dwelt so obstinately upon the one half-hour I spent with Sir. Fiorest&u;, tete-a tete upon the terrace. I don't believe it was more than twenty minutes. I know I made myself ex cessively disagreeable in order that he should not stay too long. I was seized with an attack ot prudishness, I'm afraid ; for after all it could not have been very bad manners to give a visitor a cup of tea in my mother's absence. Fountainhead is empty now. I hear the plash ing of the fountain when I walk in the shrubbery that joins his shrubbery. The trees were planted the autumn after my father's death, when mother was just well enough to be wheeled about in her bath-chair to watch the planting. I can see her face now as it looked then, pale as marble, and without a smile. The trees have grown ever so big, chestnuts red and white, acacias, mountain ash and copper beech, conifeis of every kind, tremulous birehes, silvery white in sunshine or moonlight. It is a delightful shrubbery, arranged in careless seeming curves, and with labyrinthine paths, and here and there a rustic bench, and in one deep wooded nook a rustic summer-house. At a season like this, when the glare on the terrace is almost too much to be endured, even by a sun worshipper like me, I bring my books and my work to this summer-house — 1 am writing in it now — and the dogs find me, and we make ourselves at home here — aloof from all the world. There is no sound „ but the plash of Mr. Florestan's fountain, and the song of the thrushes which revel in this shrubbery. The nightingales are gone already. How soon the glory of summer dwindles away. It must be horribly warm in Paris at this season, and I read in the papers that tbe city is given over to the summer tourists. Yet I suppose Mr. Florestan prefers Paris to Buckinghamshire. In all probability he has gone off with the rest of the great world, and is taking the waters at Vichy or Eoyat, or away in that wonderful moun tain region in the Pyrenees, where healing and beauty go hand in hand. Wherever he may be, I am glad we are here. Uncle Ambrose pleaded hard for the English Lakes. He had all but taken a house at Grasmere ; but mother and I both wanted to come home, and we are home, and we ought to be happy. I wish Uncle Ambrose were happier ; it grieves me to see that the desire of his heart has not brought him happiness. Mother is so attentive to him, so full of tenderness and forethought — but I know, I know it is not love that she gives him, and his heart hungers for love. I pity them both. Yes ; it is just that — the one thing want ing. It is the little rift within the lute. Oh, Diary of mine, it is an evil thing to marry without love. The more I think of mother and her second husband, and the more I think of Cyril and myself, the more I feel that it is an evil thing. It' is unmitigated evil to marry a man to whom one cannot give one's whole heart. I pray God every morning and every night that I may grow fonder of Cyril — that I may learn to adore him, between now and our wed ding day. An engaged girl once told me that she did not care a straw for her fiance when she accepted him. She only thought that it would be nice to be married and have a house of her own, and she had visions of her trousseau, and her mother had promised to give her half her diamonds when she married — all sorts of selfish considera tions — but by the time she had been engaged to him three months she felt that she could beg her bread barefoot through the world with him. That was her way of putting it. Cyril is clever, generous-minded, good-looking. He is a fine tennis player ; he sculls splendidly. A girl ought to find it easy to adore him. What can I want in a lover if I am not satisfied with him ? Do I expect to marry a deini-god ? CHAPTER XIX— Daisy's Diaet. When I was a eJsild. and even Ia3t summer, I Used to think » July day could not be too long, provided, of coarse, that July behaved as July, and one ooold bask in the sunshine on the lawn or on the river, and cool oneself in the shade of willows in mysterious backwaters, where the sedgeB are full of bloom and the lillies lie in a tangle of loveliness, lifting their milk-white chalices to the warm blue sky. This year I find lam growing1 old, and that we can have too much, even of July, a monotony of loveliness that preys upon one's spirits, a perpetual sunshine that irri tates one's nerves. I have only lately discovered what it is to have nerves; and since I made that discovery I seem to have nothing but nerves. Mother asked me yesterday what had become of my sweet temper. She hardly recognised her daughter of a year ago in the fretful young person of to-day. Was I ever sweet tempered ? I asked myself irander ingly. I know I am very unamiable now. I was snappish to my dear old Breomfield this very morning. I snatched my white frock out of her hand while she stood shilly-shallying and prosing about it in her dear old rambling way, debating whether it was or was not fresh, enough for me to wear. ' what does it matter?' I cried impatiently. 'There is nobody to see my frock.' ' Nobody, Miss Daisy, when Mr. Cyril is march ing up and down by the boathouse at this very moment waiting for you ?' 'Cyril is nobody, a fiance doesn't count,' said I. ? ' Don't he, Miss ? It was different in my time. A young woman always took pains with herself when she had -someone to walk out with.' 'And you used to walk out with all sorts of people, I believe, you dear old flirt,' said I, for one of my earliest'memories is of Broomfield's Ion;: stories about soldiers and shopboys who paraded the London parks with her in her pre vic-us eervicesa 'I always had admirers, Miss Daisy, but I knew how to keep them at arm's length/' she answered with dignity. ?*' A young person in ser vice in London must .have a respectable young man to walk out with, or she would never get a breath of fresh air.' ' Oh, you cruel Broomfield, to think of the shoe leather your victims must have worn out, you meaning nothing all the time.' 'Lor, Miss, they're used to it, and it only serves them right,' said Broomfield. 'They're all as artful as they're high, and they've always an eye to a young woman's Post Office Savings Bank book.' I encouraged the dear old thing to prattle in this fashion while she fastened my white cambric frock, and I forgot poor Cyril, who had been loafing about for the last hour waiting for me. I am afraid I am getting tired of the Thames. I am afraid I am developing a horrid, inconsistent, capricious character. How odd it is that one may go on adoring a place for years, and then weary of it suddenly, in one week of blazing July weather. I hope it is only a temporary weariness, caused by that very hot weather. Fountainhead shows its usual dismal aspect of. closed shutters and blinds drawn down. Mr.' Florestan ? came in a meteor-like manner at the beginning of last week ; took tea with mother on Tuesday afternoon while I was miles and miles up the river with Cyril, yawning myself to death over a silly novel, while he threw his fly for trout, and seemed to do nothing but entangle his line in the willows. When I went down to dinner that evening mother informed n?3 that Mr. Florestan had done me the honor io inquire about my health — as if I were ever ill ! — and, farthermore, that he was to leave Fountainhead early next morning on his way to Scotland, where he was to spend the whole of August and Sep tember. I felt inclined to hate Scotland. 'How will Paris get ou without him ? I'm afraid there'll be a revolution, or at least an erne ate,' I remarked, flippantly. I have noticed in myself lately that when I feel as if my heart were made of lead I am always in clined to be flippant. Why should my heart be heavy ? Why, oh, why? Cyril is so frank, so clever in his own bright, boyish way, so altogether what a young man ought to be -. and yet I am not satisfied there is a terrible sense of failure and a life gone wrong always gnawing at my heart. Mother began to talk to me yesterday about my trous seau, but I begged her not to mention the odious thing for ages. My drawers a.nd armoires and hanging-closets are stuffed with clothes of all kinds, and how can I wjjit more ? True, -chat I never seem to have tlia right kind of sown to wear for any given oeea ? siou ; but- I believe that is a peculiarity of all w.ird robes, and I daresay if I had the most mag nificent trousseau I should find before my honey moon was over* that I must refuse really tempt ing invitations for want of appropriate raiment. All this vi idle beating about the bush of my discontent. T am engaged to be married, anil I shrink with actual aversion from the mere thought of the future life I have pledged myself to lead. I liko my lover witli a very cordial liking, and I am happy and at ease in his company so long aa ho dosa not remind me that hs is my lover, and that ho expects very soon tc be my husband. When he does remind n»3 of that odious fact I almost hate him ; just as I hate the July weather and the river, and the gardens, and myself most of all. Oh, it is such a dreadful thing to tnow oneself beloved by a good and true heart like Cyril's and not, to b9 able tc giro one's whole heart in return. If it were not for this good old stupid iiary I believe I should go out of my mind. It eases my heart a little t« scribble about my thoughts and feelings. I could not talk even ts my dear mother as I can talk to this book. I wonder Mr. Florestan did not stay one day longer at Fountainbead, just to see us all again, and to tell us the latest news of Paris. Poor mother has anxieties of her own, and it would be cruel to plague her with mine, even if I could bring myself to talk about my trouble, which I am sure I could not. She is very anxious about Uncle Ambrose. And I don't wonder. He is in very bad health, and I fear that his mental health is in question, and that seems more hope less and more full of alarm for the future than any bodily ailment. He came back to Eiver Lawn reluctantly ; and I have seen him change for the worse day by day since we came here. He spends all his studious hours in the old cottage, sitting in the library where he has all his choicest book6, and where he did so much good work in past years. But =Tea in his studious hours he is restless, and ^Guics back to this house every now and then in * capricious, purposeless way, just to say a few words to mother, or to wander about the garden for a few minutes, and to stand looking dreamily at the river, as if he had had some reason for leaving his books and coming across the road, and had forgotten it on the way. He will not admit that he is ill, nor will he consent to consult a physician, though mother has urged him to see any one of the great men in whom everybody believes. He declares that he has never in his life consulted a doctor on his own account, and that he is too old to begin. ' I remember a sleek, white-haired gentleman with gold-rimmed spectacles, who felt my pulse and looked at my tongue every day for a fort night, when I had the measles,' he said, ' and who dosed me with nauseous medicine three times a day, and with nightly powders. He gave me a poor opinion of the faculty which 1 have never been able to outlive.' It is all very well for him to make light of his ailments, and to refuse fi.ll advice ; but I know he is ill, and. very ill. He has a nervous irritability at times which makes him altogether unlike the Uncle Ambrose of old ; and something happened the other day which makes me fear that his nerves are in a worse condition than even mother suspects, anxious though she is about him. I was dawdling in the hall after playing tennis all the morning with Cyril, who. really is quite the finest player I know. I was examining my racket before I put it in the stand, and was almost hidden by one of the oak pillars, which stood between me and the library door. The garden doDr opened while I was standing there and Uncle Ambrose came into the' hall, looking white and weary, as he so often looks now. He opened the door of my father's old studj, ex pecting to find mj mother there. ' Clara,' he said, as he opened the door. She was not there, and the room was empty. He stood upon the threshold motionless for some ! moments — for some minutes it seemed to me as I watched him standing there, rigid as a stone figure, staring into the empty room — then he gave a groan of agonyj staggered back into the hall I and sank into a chair, and sat there languid I almost to fainting, whiping the perspiration from | his forehead. I could see his hand tremble as he | drew his handkerchief out of his coat pocket. I came from behind the pillar and ran to him. He gave a cry at sight of me just as if I had been a ghost. I offered to get him some brandy, but he said there was no occasion. He had only suffered from a sudden faihtness, which had come over him as he opened the library door. ' Don't tell your mother,' he said, ' it would only alarm her causelessly.' ' But she ought to know/' I told him. ' In deed, indeed, indeed, Uncle Ambrose, you must consult some clever physician — you must not go on any longer like this.'i ' Well, child, I will consult a physician if my submission upon that point will make you and your mother any happier ; although. 1 can tell you beforehand that no doctor in London — not the whole College of Physicians — can do any good for me. The evil I suffer from is purely nervous, and no doctor has yet fathomed the mystery of the nerves any more than any theologian has fathomed the mystery of the worlds that lie be hind this life or in front of it.' ' I took his hand in mine and found it as cold as ice, and the perspiration kept starting out afresh upon his forehead: His whole being seemed con vulsed and shattered. I had heard of catalepsy, and I could but think that he was in a cataleptic state during those minutes in which he stood on the threshold of the library. 'If you wiil-^jromise to go up to London to morrow with mother to see a doctor I will not tell her anything about this attack to-day,' I said ; ' but if you refuse I must tell her.' '? Haven't I said that I will do anything to p ease you and jour mother, Daisy ?' (TC BE C0NIORVMD.') . 