REQUITAL; i BY EMILY A. GETCHELL. . I « Ifl there, then, no death for a word once spoken ? 'Was never a deed but left its token . Written on tables never broken ?" I am an old woman of fourscore, but my eye is not dimmed nor my natural force abated j for which I thank the Lord. > Poor I am not, nor unhappy m my old age, for I have always done with my might what my hands found to do, and rendered carefully to others the same I wished rendered to me. That s my creed, and it has served my need these many years. Fifty— yes, sixty— yearB ago I lived the story lam going to tell. . I was blithe Belle Hurlburt then, with light heaTt and strong limbs, and just beginning to keep com pany with John Bourne. How long ago it seems now ! Ah, well 1 I'm Widow Bourne now. We were poor in those days— my frail little mother and I ; but my heart was stout and my hands willing, so we kept actual want at bay 1 though there were times when the opportunity of supplying my mother with needed luxuries, and myself with gayer attire, was temptingly presented for my acceptance, but the price was one 1, in all my Hurlburt pride, would not pay. 1 preferred starvation to shame, and so struggled on ; I was proud even in my poverty. , Mother and I bad few relatives, at least that cared for us. It was as well. I felt a sort of contempt for the world in general. I know better now. But there was one distant connection in whom I feit a e vague, peculiar interest, more, perhaps, because I knew so little of him, and that little uncertain and unsatisfactory. - From my childhood's day he had been the ogre of my imagination ; a fancy induced by the care fully concealed conversations and mysterious hints which often passed between my father and mother, when I was not supposed to be listeniug. This personage was my lather s uncle, Richard Hurlburt, of whom no one seemed to know much, except that .ho was penurious to the last degree, lived in a very secluded way, and that the suspicion of some unnamed crime reBted upon him, and exiled him from society. As I grew older and my understanding was shar pened by experience, my mother confided to me facts which threw light on many dark points, but nevertheless sharpened my curiosity and increased any desire to know more of my uncanny old relative ; out no word or sign ever came to us, and up to my twentieth year he appeared like a myth in an Arabian 9tory. I had occasion to remember that year. It was a aard one for those who were dependent upon their daily toil for their bread. Then came the hardest blow to my pride. John told me one evening that he could no longer support himself at his trade, and having the opportunity of a more remunerative em ployment, had accepted the situation of gardener and man of all work on a gentleman s estate in an adjoining county. I was indignant. An indepen dent mechanic was very well, but a common ser vant — gardener, hostler, and boy in general — was oomuch. Tears and expostulations were in vain ; John was firm. A chance to honestly earn his living in any calling, however humble, was batter, he maintained, than starving through mistaken notions of gen tility. And so we parted. It was with the understanding that our acquaintance bad better cease. The secret tears shed, and the bitterness of spirit that was mine, I do not care to remember; indeed, they were soon forgotten in a sorer trouble that was slowly coming UDon me. With the falling Iea/es and shortening days, the stern truth came home to me, though I forgot it re solutely, that my mother, the only friend that I had in the whole world now, except that mysterious great-uncle, was slowly though- imperceptibly slip ping away ffom this life into that which is to come. Then the darkest days of all my life came on, me, -one alter another. I would fain wipe out the re- collection, for my brain was fairly wild with im pious thoughts, and my heart cried out in defiant rebellion. I shut it all within myself, that no sigh or unguarded word might betray to her loving, patient soul the war in my bosom . She thought my heavy eyes and sullen reveries were due to ray prolonged hours of labor and anxiety for her com fort. Oh, me 1 the mutual, fond deceptions of those weary months. The end camesoon enough. I saw her laid away- under the melting snows of February, and went back to my home with a feeling of utter indiffer ence as to my future ; it was buried in my mother's grave. I shut myself up. refusing, perhaps ungraciously, the well- meant offers of sympathy from- my neighbors, to brood alone, and plan, if I could, for what might be. There was no home for me any where. The fourth day at noon there came a rap at the door, and the postman, a most unusual visitant, handed me a letter. I let it lie before me a while ere I opened it, wondering if it brought me good or evil. At last breaking the seal, and unfolding the Bheet, glancing down the lines to see the writer's name, I started, "dropped it, thought a moment, took it up again, and read it resolutely through. It was worded in a style of old-time courtesy, addressed to my mother, and offering her and her children a home, if the company of an old man, feeble and disappointed, would be no draw back to their comfort, and signed, " Richard Hurl burt." Here was food for meditation, and I thought until sunset, and tossed most of the night upon a sleepless pillow debating what was best to do. Here was a home, food and fire, and the society of an aged, joyless man, as far as I knew, my only relative ; shouffi I accept it, or go out into, the world to win what refuge 1 could ? This was the old man concerning whom I had heard uncertain, disconnected stories in mv child hood, with whom I associated the memory of my father's rare buiets of passion, and my mother's careful avoidance of everything which might recall to him his relative ; and how gently and firmly she represaed all my queries on the subject. One.phrase, however, came hack to my memory, hich as a child I had caught through a half -open door, a bitter exclamation of my father's concerning «a great wrong, "and my mother'3 murmured words about forgivem ss of enemies. At last-, moved perhaps by the impulse of youth to forget present eorr'ow in the pursuit of the strange and mvsterious, I decided to go, and falling asleep dreamed my uncle, was a second sultan Sbahriar, and myself another Scheherazade. It took me but little time to make my prepara tions. What I wished to take with ms was soon packed, and the rest easily disposed of, and having despatched an epistle stating my acceptance of the invitation, and also when I might be expected to ar rive in person, the eighth morning after my mother's funeral found me on my way. The journey was uneventful. I wrapped myself in my veil, and paid heed to no one until the con ductor called out the name of my stopping-place; and after two minutes' wrestle with bags and be longings I found myself standing alone on a plat form a few feet square, p'aced at the terminus o! a country road, beside the railway track, the train dis appearing in the distance. Through the moist atmosphere and sicklysunlight of the February afternoon, a half-grown boy ap proached and announced he had " come for Mr, Hurl hurt's folks." On declaring myself to be the party in question, he disappeared, and presently came up with a light waggon, in .which, after some effort, my goods and I were" bestowed, and we drove off through the sludge. Conversation was not animated, for my escort could not or would not answer my inquiries, and after having learned there were in the family,' beside my uncle, the housekeeper and the head man, to whom he was factotum, I was obliged to hold my peace, and plan what sources, of pleasure or entertainment might be mine in such a house hold. Only once, in answer to a question, did ray char ioteer venture a remark of his own. Oil rav inquiry whether Mr Hurlburt was a kind employer, he re- plied that he was well enough, never acolded or found fault, and the board was very good , but— in a confidential way— he had nightmare pretty b id, every night sometimes, so Mrs Farnaby had to call npJohn. Raving heard of such cases, often due to a diseased Btate of the body, 1 made some general remark in ' reply, -that L had had .seme experience with night mare, and did not fear it in the least. So relaps ing into silence wc rode on, until at a turn in the road my. companion pointed out the termination of our drive, situated in a little valley, through which, it was apparent, a small stream flowed in sum mer. The-lionse was comparatively modern, bat slightly out of repair, and looking as if its inhabitants must be few in number, so little -sign of life was there about it. ' The waggon rolled — or rather splashed — through a wide gateway to. a door at the side of the house. I noticed in passing that thefront door had the ap pearance of never having been opened, and, to com- Dlete all, a heavy wooden bar, gray with weather. stretched from one door-post to the other, and was secured with spikes. I had but time to take this in, before the corner of the house was turned, and we drew tip, with Bome flourish, at a few broad steps, while in the open doorway stood a white-aproned, middle-aged woman to welcome me, evidently the housekeeper, Mrs Farnaby. Something in her strong, kindly face drew me to her at once ; she seemed like a woman to be trusted, and the tone of her voice, as she spoke, confirmed my opinion, " I am glad to see yon, Miss Hurlburt. Are you alone?" And then observing my black dress and bonnet, her look changed to one of tender sympathy, as she went on without waiting for my reply, " Poor child, you must be tired and chilled, so come in as quickly as possible ; your room and a fire are waiting for you." After giving a few brief orders, she "led the. way to my apartment, where she left me, saying my uncle would not expect to see me until tea- time. I now had some little opportunity, after removing my wraps, to look about me. The room was of ancient fashion, with scanty furniture to match, but everything was comfortable and convenient, and I had no reason to be dissatisfied. Approaching the window to learn something of the outlook, I was pleased to find I had been placed in an angle of the building, and my windows faced in two directions. Beneath one, a few rods away , a clump of venerable willows stretched their leaf less branches, promising a cool retreat in the heat of the summer, and from them the bank sloped to the borders of the brook now lying silent in its icy bed. The other window looked out upon an ancient orchard, evidently the oldest thing about the place, for the trees were bent and gnarled, covered with moss, with here and there a yawning cavity where a limb had looped or fallen away. While I stood gazing out, a knock at the door heralded Mrs Farnaby. " The view is rather a dreary one, is it not, Mis® Hurlburt ?" said she, coming forward ; " bnt the summer will show a different picture, especially as far as the brook and willows are concerned. The orchard lam very desirous to have removed, but Mr Hurlburt utterly refuses ; Bball we go down ? Tea is waiting." I followed in another direction from that by which I had reached my room, and descending a long, broad flight of stairs, passed through a hall full of shadows and echoes to a low, brown-ceiled room, with a well-covered table in the centre, and lighted and warmed by a flickering fire. A high, straight-backed chair was before the blaze, and Mrs Farnaby had me nearly in front of it before I could see the occupant, who stared vacantly into the fire until the housekeeper broke the revery, by saying : " Here is your niece, Mr Hurlburt." I saw before me a tall, thin old man, with white hair and trembling hands, who slowly lifted to my face a pair of eyes that did not meet my gazs, but looked. 'through and beyond me. It was a glance that made me feel very uncomfortable, and I hastened to speak. " I am glad to see you, Uncle Richard, Are you feeling well to-night?" There was at first no answer ; the eyes sought the fire again, and (the whole figure seemed to shrink into the recesses of the great chair. Then the old man, putting, out one hand to me, said slowly : " Mehitabe1 ?" " Yes, uncle," I said, sadly, " I have my mother's name." "Grandmother's," said the slow voice j "but there ought to be three." " I am alone in the world now, uncle," I said ; " my father died years ago, and my mother only last week, before your letter came, but I know she would have been grateful for your kindness, as I am." " No, no !" the voice was a whisper now ; " only one left ? There ought to be three — there ought to be three." Mrs Farnaby drew me gently, away. " Your uncle is very; old, and his mind wanders," she said, " I think, most of the time, he but dimly understands what is said to him. The season af fects his health, and last night his rest was much disturbed, so to- day he is less himself than usual ; to-morrow, perhaps, he will be able to talk with you." Meanwhile she had seated me at the table, filled ray cup, and stepping to what seemed to be an outer door, rung a small bell, the tones of which were echoed by the sound of scraping boots, with pre sently the appearance of the tardy members of the family— one being the boy, my charioteer of the afternoon ; the other John,; my sometime ; lover, whom I had dismissed because he did' not consider himself too good tor a gentleman's servant. I have woudered since how I managed to get through the meal. There was a calling over of names, of course, and we nodded as coolly as pos sible, though my face burned, and 1 begged leave to change iny seat,- and sit with my back to the fire, as I was not accustomed to the flickering light. After tea tue time passed heavily ; my old uncle was assisted bnok to liis room by John and Mrs Farnaby, and afterward Joseph solaced himself with a nap. John busied himself wish some papers in an other part of the room, and the housekeeper en deavored to entertain me as best she could, until my suppressed yawns made her take pity on my weari ness, anil light me again to my room. As he turned to go out, after seeing that every, thing was done for my comfort, she remarked : " If you should waken in the night and hear any nnusual noises, Miss Hurlburt, let me explain before hand tnat this part of the bouse is alive with rats and mice, and the wind plays strange tricks round the angles of this northwest window ; there is no thing else alarming," I laughed and bade her good-night, saying, the only ghosts I feared were thoas of a guilty con science ; and, fastening the door, sought my pil low. As the first heavy slumbers of weariness lightened into easier rest, strange visions, though they seemed inure like waking dreams, began to haunt me. It seemed as if summer had come, and John and I, happily reconciled, were walking among the willows and across the brook to the orchard be low. The air was sultry, and the light slanted heavily through the apple-boughs, and we turned again to the brook lor "coolness. We had been talking of many things ; our estrangement seemed to be all forgotten, and we were forming bright plans for the future. But as we passed along through the willows, the atmosphere, which had hitherto been close and hazy, seemed to thicken and grow gray, with a dense, dark mist, and we became separated, to my alatm aud terror. 1 groped my way blindly about for my companion, but he was not to he found. Falling limbs and fragments of rock and knots of tangled grass checked my every step, but I struggled on, occasionally frantically calling out for my lover, when a shadow seemed to loom through the mist, which 1 felt, with a thrill of relief, must be him I sought. - Hastening forward, and calling out his name, the heavy air seemed to divide, and showed me, not the hmged -for countenance, but, instead, that of my uncle, with the strange, far-away look I could not understand ; and, as I gazed, the expression sud denly changed to one of mocking, malignant de light, while "the lip3 seemed to utter my name, "Mehitabel." Then a low, dull echo took up and prolonged the word, particularly dwelling on the lastsyllable, shrilling louderani loader, until to my shuddering eais the word seemed to be, "Hell! hell 1" With a frantic effort to shut my ears against the demoniac soun is, I awoke trembling and perspiring, and for some minutes could not collect my scattered senses. Had I really dreamed those horrible . cries, or were they in reality echoing through the long, vacant passage way? Tnere appeared to be a sort of moan or wail outside my door. I held my breath and listened, until it seemed as though I should suffocate, but all was still, and endeavoring to compose myself with ali the comforting reflections whicli occurred to me, tried to woo again the drowsy god, but in vain ; I alternately dozed and watched until the tardy daybreak. I was up early aud downstairs, but, nevertheless, I breakfasted alone with the housekeeper. My uncle would not rise till noon, and John and his assistant w.ere busy out-of-doors. I helped ber with the breakfast dishes, and various little matters about the house, assuring her I was not to be con sidered as an idle dependent on my uncle's bounty, but wished to take my share of the burdens and cares like one of the family. Though she saiii little I knew she was pleased. So the day pass . -d ; my uncle was too feeble and vfandering to comprehend- much, beyond his own comfort, and so I kept out of his'rahge of vision. I saw John at dinner and supper, but nothing passed between us save bread and sait civilities. He evi dently knew his proper position in regard to- his. employer's niece, and I was too proud to make the first advances. The days and weeks went by, aud spring came on apace. I hailed his coming with delight, for some time! I felt time hang heavily on my hands, and I had, for lack of better employment, explored the house from attic to cellar. I found cpns.derable to rouse my curiosity and excite my imagination or bit nerves The attics were a storehouse of all sorts of antique relics in variocs stages of decay. _ There was an old harpischord which bore about it faint traces of former beauty, but the stringB had all been divided, as if by a blow from someBharp, heavy instrument, and it stood on its trembling legs, a pitiful thing. Several old portraits were tucked away in the gable corners, but were so cracked and mildewed as to be beyond my recognition. At last I found what was of more interest to me, a box of books, in tarnished covers, mostly of that school of literature in fashion in the last century. However, 1 picked out what suited me best, and carried the volumes to my room. Below the attics, in the story where my own room was situated, I became rather bewildered at first, with the many passages, doors opening in all directions, and the numerous rooms. The original house appeared to have been a small, square one, but various wings and additions had been made, and several staircases, so that once or twice during the firBt week after my arrival I had missed my way, found myself in the cheese room instead of the kitchen, and once opened a dark, unused chamber, smelling of mould and damp. Mine seemed to be the only inhabitable room in the second story of that wing. The door next mine was locked, and the key was gone, the second nailed up, and another door, which I opened with diffi culty, showed me a yawning abyss of darkness into which I had very nearly stepped. I inquired of Mrs Farnaby what the meaning was of so unsafe an arrangement. " There was formerly a staircase there," she said, " It was gone before 1 came here. At the foot is a door which leads to the willow copse and the brook. We can al3o get to the orchard that way. There iB a little passage-way leading to it from the kitchen, and in the warm weather, when doors are open through, yon will see then how it is laid out." This was satisfaction enough, so I investigated no more, but devoted my attention to my uncle, who seemed to revive with the premonition of renewed life in nature. He inquired of me about myself, my parents, my home-life, seemingly desirious to learn every little particular. At other times he wished me to read to him the daily journals 1 all reports regarding money and stocks, the price of merchandise, the foreign markets, everything com prised in the meagre bulletins of the day ; and when weary of these he bad a small volume of Rochefou cauld,, which seemed always new, several, also, of Voltaire and Rousseau. The class of literature was very distasteful to me, and I would have much preferred Shakespeare or the Bible ; but at the first bintof such a thing I re ceived so stern and abrupt an injunction to silence that I obeyed. All this time John and I had conducted ourselves with the utmost indifference and coldness. Some times I scarcely troubled myself to speak, though my conscience reproached me with the thought that I, a mere dependent on the liberality of an other, was not so worthy as one who earned his bread by honorable service, but my pride was stubborn and would not yield. One day I had been through the old barn looking for eggs. I had taken this office upon myself partly for pleasure, partly to favor Mrs Farnaby,! who did not always care to trust to Joseph's memory. I had been through the scaffolds, and having filled my basket, prepared to descend the short ladder which led to the floor. When within three rungs of the bottom, my foot unaccountably slipped or turned, and I fell in aheap to the ground, my basket fortunately uppermost. A sense of blindness and suffocation with shar p pain overpowered me, and I knew no more until a dash of cold water in my face restored me to a knowledge of pain in every limb, and that some one held me in his arms, throwing water upon me. I feebly endeavored to sit np, and draw myself away, but increase of pain and famtness compelled me to desist. " I beg your pardon for vexing you by being too officious," said a voice I knew too well, " but you slipped just as I was about to go through the stable, and in common humanity I could not leave you without trying to give you some assistance. If you feel better I will go now." I again attempted to rise, but in vain ; the dizzi ness returned, and I was fain to submit myself to the supporting arms that held me so gently and firmly. In a short time I so far recovered myself that I was able with John's assistance to walk slowly through the barn in an effort to reach the house. There had been silence between us ; but thought on my part had been busy, and pride and pain were blotted out in the old delight of companionship, and the pleasant, familiar voice and tone I had been so. long a stranger to. . r- "When we reached the poicb, John stopped as though he would leave me to go in alone. " I will call Mrs Farnaby to you," he said; " She is over yonder. And in future are all things to go on as they have done, or shall we mutually forgive and forget and be friends again?" Twenty-four hours before I should have turned and left him, but now 1 sank down on the bench which ran along one side of the doorway, and very foolishly began to cry. " Poor child," he said, " you have been sadly tried the last year. I should have remembered it, and borne with yon more patiently. But let all be forgotten now ; we are friends again, are we not?" he asked tenderly. Unable to answer, I nodded silently, and I heard him going for the housekeeper. Presently thai good woman appeared, full of sympathy and remedies for sprains and bruises, and, after some amateur medical prescriptions, banished me to my chamber and to bed. I lay awake for some time, thinking too busily for sleep to come, nut finally at dusk I lost myself and must have slept long and soundly, for when I opened my eyes 1 saw through the window the stars above the dense mass of foliage, but conscious ness had come so suddenly that 1 hail hardly time to be aware of anything except a sharp, shrill cry, as of something in distress, that came echoing, along the empty passages. My heart almost ceased to beat. There was something so weird and piercing in the tone, that one of the hardiest nerve -might have paused. It seemed to me, as I lay waiting breathlessly for a repetition of the cry, that somewhere, sometime in- my life, I had heard it before. And then in a flash of light, my first night's dream came back to me, and with it the memory of Joseph's communication concerning my uncle's nightmare. Relieved by" the thought, I was about to rise, judging that possibly I might be of use, when a tap came at the door. It was Mrs Farnaby. " I did not know if you were awake," she said, "but thinking you might be, came to ask you not to be alarmed at any sound you may hear during the night. Your uncle has been taken violently ill, and I have sent for the physician. He is now somewhat relieved ; but he has been ailing all day, and I thought it would be best to call in medical advice." " Is my uncle subject to these attacks ?" I in quired. "Of late years, yes," she answered. "And I would have mentioned it to you yesterday, but for your own mishap. But now, good-night, and try to sleep again." She placed a lighted lamp on my table, and went; away. But now, being thoroughly awake, I could do nothing but lie t >ere and form all sorts of curious fancies concerning the strange old house of which I was an inmate, and concerning its aged owner, whose dreams were disturbed by some hor rible shape; and I thought out a whole long cate chism for the housekeeper, when she should make the promised explanation the following morrow. I resolved to find out why the rooms next to mine were fastened; the history of the mutilated harpsi chord in the attic ; whose the old portraits were ; and what was the name which had been so carefully erased from the covers and fly-leaves of the old books I had brought from the same place ; and, if I dared, should she prove communicative on thess points, I would ask the meaning of the bar across the front door, and why the whole front entrance was closed. Wbiledeciding these things, in spite of the lighted lamp and my resolution, I fell asleep again, and did not waken until broad daylight. 1 arose, dressed and went downstairs, but was disspnointed in my hopes raised the night before, for, though the housekeeper was kindly social as usual, I found it impossible to learn, with all my careful questions, more than that, after any event of fatigue or excitement, or a sudden shock, my uncle was subject to fits of nervous fright and terror, when he imagined he saw the forms of mem bers of his family, who menaced him with curses and chalediotions; These fits left . him very weak, and he was days and sometimes months recovering from them. He was in such a state at the time of my arrival, which accounted for iny strange reception. She thought the illness then might have been brought on by theeffort of writing to my mother ; but what was the cause of bis seizure of the night before she could not say. Whether, he really saw what he described she greatly doubted. His age, and the weakuess of body paturally resulting from years of toil and family griefs and cares, accounted for much ; ana whatever else there might be she would not attempt to ex plain. She then ohanged the subject, and pressntly cegaa a conversation with John in regard to some work about the place. I was foiled again, and my cariosity became stronger than ever. Wa9 I never to iearn the history of this Hurlburt skeleton, that lurked be hind closed and barred doors and windows, gibbered by night from my uncle's room, and lay concealed behind the mouldy portraits in the attic? However, all I could do was to abide my time, and I was abie to do this with more patience, now that John and I were friends again. Then, too, I could be more in the open air, and 1 found the willow-copse to be a most delightful nook, where I spent many hours, sewing, reading or dreaming, as the case might be. Frequently, toward sunset, when the many little ! matters needing attention about the house and ! barn had been attended to, John and I, sitting by j the side of the little rivulet, or skirting the orcharu, talked of a time in the distant future when, in a little bome of our own, bound by, no duties but those of mutual affection, we would strive onward in life together. I had long before told Mrs Farnaby of the rela tions between us. She had made but brief reply . in her kindly way, advising me to let my umh know as little as possible, either by word or deed ; for it might be, that, in his feeble, childish state, that such an arrangement might be displeasing ami irritating. Consequently we were very circumspect ; words rarely passed between us within doors, and, when we met or separated, we endeavored to have it nut of sight of the living rooms of the house. Y- 1 sometimes I felt almost certain that my uncle liaii a suspicion of the truth ; for, although he said no thing, I found that he watched us keenly al times. The books I had brought from the attic became a source of gieat entertainment to me. Quet-r, tedious, yet delightful old novels, sentimental poems, and volumes of biography, quaint and ego tistical. I enjoyed taking tiicm to some retm-d nook out of doors, and there poring over them at my leisure. I was in my usual seat on the roots of one of the willows at the brook-side on a sultry afternoon in the dog days. The little stream, dwindled to one- half its usual flow, its surface specked here aim there by willow leaves, gurgled lazily among 'tin stones, and I could hear the haymakers in the souti meadow calling to one another as they loaded up the hay. My book that afternoon was a compilation of legeuas and myths, mostly Norse and German tales. And, in spite of the glittering sunlight and the blithe sounds in the air, I felt an uncanny sen sation stealing over me, and instead of reading I fell to gazing into the water and studying the cover of the book I had suffered to fall into my lap. It bad been once ornamented with gilding, but now was so changed and tarnished by time, damp, and evident ill usage, that it' would have been liard to tell what its original color or design had been. A name had apparently been stamped across the cover, but it was so blurred and erased thart it was with difficulty that I could make out what seemed to be the initial letter M. I sat looking at it until the dim scrawl9 blended together in an indistinguishable mass, which sud denly seemed to take life, and rising under my hands, make a rapid spring into the brook, where it lay with the water rippling over its covers. Roused by the Bplash, and the Bensation, that 1 was not alone, I became aware of a trembling, olaw-like baud withdrawing over my shoulder. Springing lip, and turning to see who my unusual visitor might be, I saw to my surprise and alarm that it was my uncle, looking a3 usual above and beyond me, lii3 withered frame tremblintr with strange emotion, his lips muttering soundless words. " Bewildered, frightened, and a little indignant. I did not speak at first, and, so gave him oppor tunity to collect his feeble faculties and demand harshly what I was doing there. " Reading and enjoying the day, uncle," I an swered. A-bitter smile played over the wrinkled old face. "7/hat have yon to do with enjoyment? Eating the bread of dependence, filling the place of an other of your faithless sex. working ruin to my house!" he exclaimed, in an angry excited man ner. " 1 do not know what you mean by faithlessness and ruin, uiiele," I answered ; " and by your «>wn invitation I have broken bread at your table n»- past months. But I will go to-morrow. M> r'»De-.r and mother never asked or received help fiom you. and I do not wish it for myself. I am quite able to earn my own living." Something in my tone or words had the same effect I had noticed the first night of my arrivm. A sort of shrinking and cowering — a putting mil a trembling band, as if to ward off some unseen shape— and turning, he grasped his stick and hastened toward the house as rapidly as his loiter ing limbs would permit, muttering to himself as before. I followed at a distance, greatly wondering what would be the explanation ot ail this. He crept slowly along toward the house, hut not to the back porch as I expected. He seemed to be following something like a footpath through the grass to that part of the house in which my room was situated. Reaching. it, he climbed the decaying steps leading to the door which I had often observt-d aud judged to he the one connected with the unused passage of which Mrs Farnaby had told nie, and,- after fumbling a moment with .the, rusty latch, the door opened. He entered and closed it behind him. 1 went to the housekeeper's room, fully deter mined to know the meaning of what had occurred, nnd let no feelings of delicacy stand in the way of an explanation. She was in her usual sanctum on the same floor and not far removed from mj uncle's room, the door of which I could see wai closed. She listened to my.story without a word, lcokinj calmly out of the window until 1 had finished. Only once her look changed. When I mentioned the episode of the book her eyes looked into mina with a single keen glance, but were in an instant withdrawn. At the conclusion she still answejed nothing. " Mrs Farnaby," I exclaimed, somewhat im patiently, "I have lived here under my uncie'a roof six months, but it will be impossible for me to remain here any longer unless some part of this in tolerable mystery is cleared up. it naunta me at every turn ; in ray room, in the orchard, under the willows, by day and night. I feel as if I must hear voices, or see unlawful visions. Why is ray uncle as he is ? What is the meaning of these closed, un occupied rooms? Whose was the harpischord I found in the attic, and the books, the sight of which puts my uncle into such a passion ?" " Hush 1" she said, rising and closing the door as if we might be overheard. " There are things in this houae that I cannot explain. They happened before my time, and I know them only as 1 have been told. More tnan half a century ago, a youn . girl, a distant relative of your uncle, caine here for a home, as you have done. After a time she went away, and that was the last known of her. But it was said your uncle loved her, and was rejected for someone else. The harpischord and the books were hers, and her room was in the wing near yours. The staircase there was called hers. Since that time vour uncle has been what yon see. The house was closed when she left it, and when I came here, 35 years ago, it was as it is now, Wiiy seek to inquire into these things so long past ? Believe me, child, I have lived long enough in this wcrid to let the dead past burv its dead. I can see that your' uncle fails daily. This of which you have told me wiil weaken him greatly, and perhaps bring on an at tack of illness. Bear with his unaccountable freaks. He is old and childish, and you are his only near relative and will probably be his heiress." " I do not want his money if it has been gained by fraud, or was the fruit of some crime which haunts him so fearfully in his old age," 1 replied quickly. She gave me another keen glsnce. " You could not judge from experience of such a crime," she said. "Did your father and mother ever speak of your uncle ?" "Never willingly," I answered. /' There seemed to be some rpason why they reckoned bici anything but a friend." She was silent for a moment or two, then rose slowly. " Everything that is right for you to know you will learn soon enough," she said. "Sometimes ignorance is happiness, and it is best for us that the cn-ave should cever the mistakes and wrangles of our friends and kin before our knowledge of tbeci weakens our affection. Try and forget what has happened this afternoon, it will hardly cccur again. And let me advise you to put back the old books in the attic where you found them. You ; vy take from ray shelves whenever you wish read ing matter." I thanked her, and we left the room together, she to prepare for tea, and I to go to my'own room to follow her suggestion regarding the books. Bui when I entered it, after putting in order some trifles lying about, and turned to the Etand in the corner to gather, up the volumes, they were gone. Not one remained. Te i was a 9ilent meal that night. I disregarded all John's hints to meet him in the orchard, nordid I wait for many words after tea was over and Mrs Farnaby had taken a tray up to my uncle, who bad not come down. I wished to get away to my own apartment ; and so, after removing the tea things ard saying good-night, I went upstairs to my do main. but uo« sleep,— Concluded next weekRl 1 