fiSjl Wjtv" Jt. B r O S OA B JP AB K. CHAPTER XVII. A SIGHT ATTACK. No; tnigi Marconti oonld not Bleeai m»niaM. wer® like a hell to him. After that brief eta* hi Home he started he knew not whither. Only to eetawayl His one greedy desire now was te nJt apace between him ana the dying rt etoM&ws; Whim eo then. He eonFlieepIh^Bnt the hope was vain. Sometimes nature^*™ exhausted, that feverish 'Oblivion, like the^emi consciousness of a sick man. would on'hiT^^ ®° ceowarf on cis brain, that he would wake with a ster* of honor, the cold sweat starting from everv pore. Then he wonld toss and moan, and gnaw at sabBattsajaBfchs» towards winch his eyes tamed came thl^ctarerf the dying man. Above all eonnds of lSe a w SrX6^18 1&St; frcffl ^ U swwtafflB of 80 greedily at the the vengeance he wonld ex S.. I now, when it was done, only the of^ ?°Pid not rid hiL^I ~ man's SarDso much asthi^hfa "wSJ?? ' came from his disappointment The foreshadowed revenge had been so sweet, he had expected the frmtion to be nectar. - " And he could not sleep! That startling question he had asked himself at Sorrento was answered. Ho oonld riot sleep. He should not sleep, he knew \- now, until he assured himself that the man was dead and the agony tossed. He had not been able to Bleep there under the shadow of the grave, and he could not sleep herein Venice, hundreds of miles away. He must go bark, He must know or he \- should die or go mad. > • He shaved his beard away, and bougbta disguise, a priest's robes and hat. > He s'atled again. He rode day and night wiih only one clear thought burning > in his brain. Men looked at him, and . BBld, "He is tilling himself with > fasting and terrible penances—an tmusualririit in theeedays." And on he hurried, never c mmamcating with others but when forced to, only thinking—think ing. _ He heard nothing, he saw nothing,] he felt nothing bat that which speeded him once more to the goal on which his mind was fixed, but all I with what unlike emotions to those which urged him on before 3 Now he only wauted to live -and He retraced bis cruras from Capri step by step end once more Jandel at the island from a row baat he had taken from Sorrento. He heard the • 1 oatmen as they went along talking of the man who had been found in Hie cave on Timheri*. as i he islanders call the peak; and of, his death ainee .be was taken out, but the words came to him ub though he heard them in a dream. 1 hey brought no distinct sense to his mind, and he was only conscious of a qaiek sob as though tbeawfal Btrain had fehsome thrill of relief, hut his purpose was so fixed now that be had not the power of will to alter it. The whole brain sx-uicsi paralysed, save only that one ceaseless craving—he must see !—he must see I When they reaclifd the isWhepaid the men, and walked quickly away, hut he avoided meu—he avoided all places where he was likely to meet men, and bis priest's garb protected him from the importunities of those who didchanceupon him. The climb up the height by the unfrequented path he chose was steep and toilsome and he asm weak ana worn out. It was a great effort for him, but be kept on slowly, pausing to rest at times and ever naying—over and over to himself, as though to giye himself courage and strength—" I shall sleep to-night) i shall sleep to-night 1" Again at tunes that strange sob would rise from his breast and aSmest choke him, and his breath wonld come with a quick gasp. And as he ■ o^red the summit, trembling from head to foot, faint, diEr.y, he had to ray it aloud to bring Jim tfa^ to that he might not falter yet— I shall sleep to-night ! Oh, I shall sleep to-mght I" jv?LCanle0wt among the olive tress on to * ? iart rays oI Bnnlight had tone—it had taken him so long to make the assent. But the moon was shining with a tall and brilliant light and he could see every step before him. He went on towaffls the ruins, their gaunt, t ray walls standing in the white -moonlight like ghosts of the revellers of old who had walked ainong_ them so many hundred vears ego the streaming rings waring in (he wind like flattering ? 1eY' felt 8 strange chill as he pepped slowly down, shaking »s with an agne lit, into the passsge which led to the gate He staggered along it like a drunken man, and a1d VP 10 the "We sate. 111118 1"® remembered that he had cut theropee How was he to get down? He , stopped a foot away from the gate, paralysed by this remembrance and this question, and stood there faying to think—trying to plan—trying to flHing his mind to bear on the problem intelligently. ■ . could only get warm, he thought, and f*L3L- fcltronxbling, then he could think. He Swast think! He must get there 1 He must I He wi L T-ln^e f>nla *kept0.m*Lt. And he must f ^ ' Another night like the others would drive him mad ! r«,yes ! He must see Ibid t He dust get there 3 L o,f" eou"°8? f® .tba mosaic pavement of fe P behs®a bjm through which he had fehtT r^? -c?!f ,?. til8r® at that time of might 7 It frightened him. He turned around to jfacs the narrow entrance or the room in which he .Tbe moonlight poured in white radiance i - ^ tbe tooflssa walls and fell in a .5 through the doorway. As Marconti'a haggard eyre ipsted on the spot, the footsteps eud ra°* Md fc'rm oI Christopher i Donmsen Ailed the entrance! The eyes were bent i on Marcontt. He staggered back a step. The gate whose fastenings had been broken, swung out 1 aD.f®r *VS weight and with one awful shriek he , fell to the rocky efaorea Mo v. The man, who to the terrified and almost crsz*d ' bsre tbe fsc® aad form of i Chnstopher Dorm ten, after a moment's stunned "V,to,tKe opening through which the TalLThe n-™nr ts Pe(Tfii that giddy If iJ„ ^°°al'Sht shone on a whirling confusion J ° and arms for an instant, and then there came up to the ear of the watching and horrified ™"!fd I tb«d-but not anotare cry.That one shriek of tei lor and death was the first ?he^td°a:adbbal^c®toefroni the throat of wme&lik;?fke^ la':1~the t»U which BKmett like the shadowy forecast of hU frighttal him'1»aThi?ia51Bilild-e,,r',:lolcIina l°°ked about him as thopgh dazed with tae horror of tbe traced y be had witnessed. He went in i, j L,a&e;'!y the Village. There he told what he had reea and f?on 1118 «rread that a priest had falten W !ibe summit of 2V«V,/„ iL!G [hf geooi ™anned)and pulled around lo He p,vnt wbo^e Ho body must be lying. It was fouf.d . rul ou -M ^acktothe «M, and kid out on the Wuh Tbo man who bail seen i ha accident was there' too much disturbed and troubled by the drvadtS »w?- to go to sleep. The bright Io nligbt was i& Baa,iBs»»Jf1orcW lu-rehehl w ', f" fi.V-Etly around ucw£r«i beflrt iT^f8toas,31ph;.EiJidcd islanders JtVA fli V 5, t'-rc£ of tb« mm Of God, who lay dead bstore there. He had fallen with 1 is Wto *a™ «a® Pitapat a tear. But such a face! The m Uioush^hat ia" VVf^ terror—the mouib <mn the thfobhW " oas t;il! heating ~*5vSSCvSi,.'5r- - "J 11 BPProacb- He turned his eyf s upon t a great si,ndIr shS!k •hntoS rio ^C? e ,b3t )'i8 e-r« closet to voice—"Mv*Crd'i T', 'SirC taid ,wi:b treuibliog brother 1" Marcmti I He killed my They stated at bim a inoscat fa bewilderment Then their faces began to grow dark and vengeful.' ^8!&!9Bg8Sm* JI<si them down j they meant ^the priest* ''jrmm fri*« of the dead 