The gate raoaey at Hjdnny during tho second teat match of combined Australia v. Lord Sheffield'# team reachoJ a total of 13000. A PUnuc mooting will bo held inMoryborouph on Frida) evening next to consider the question sugar plantations of Queensland. Sin. CiiAni.r.R Lumlet Hill has withdrawn from contesting tho Btrcoo olectorate, and Sir D. Budge, of Blacknll, will bo tho nominee of tho pastoraliBts. Mr. Ryan is tho labour candidate. Sir. D. R. Eden, surgoon-dontist, will visit Toowoomba ou Saturday uoxt, wlion ho may bo consuttcd at his rooms in Russell-atrcot, opposite tlio reilwsygatci. Appointments with Mr. Edon can Ira mado through Sir. J. 8. Nolan. Tin: Carpentaria Timet haa ccascd publics- cation. Tito reason stated for this stop is on account of tho pout ago on newspapers imposed by Sir. Unmnclc. This makes tho third papor that han suspended publication since tho imposi tion of tho nowspapor tax. Mn. Thomab Glarset, tho mombor for Bun- damba, and tho acknowledged loader of tho Iifthour Part in Oueonsland. will shortly visit Lho Borcoo oloctoralo to as>unt tho labour candi- ilftto, Mr. Ryan, in tho forthcoming contest. The Bccond match bottvocn Toowoomba A and Paddington Crickot Clubs was brought to a closo on Satnrday, tlio former team winning by 93 rnnB. An oxtondo.l report of tlio piny will ap pear In our next Ihmio. Wn arc in recolpt of tho liandy little publication, which is issued monthly by tho A.U.S.N. Co., Limited. Besides full in formation concerning tho company's own services, railway time-tables, cab fares, and many details useful for travellers are giroa. The conjunction of lho plsnoU Vonus and Jupiter was observed under tto most favourable conditions on Saturday evening, and attracted very general attention. The sky was beautifully dear, and thn two pianola were observod in con junction until thoy disappeared below the western O.s Thursday last In Chamber#, before Mr Justice Real, m r« Luke Gudge, appellant, Mr. Stumm applied for an order quashing tho nnnollBnt'ft conviction under tho Brands Ant against Messrs Littleton, Clcary, nud Wilcox, justices at Crow# Nest, and Michael M'Cartliy, Brands Inspector, prosecutor. A ruto niii was granted, ret urnablo at the next sitting of tlio Full Court, at Brisbane. The Divisional Board 'elections to-day are attracting somo interest. For lho Rosalie Divi sion tho poll will closo to-day for oaoh subdivi sion. For No. 1 tha candidates are Mr. II. V. King nnd Mr. Gnorgo WeSck, and for Subdivi sion No. 2, lho Hon. J. F. Macdaugall and Mr. John Daly. Tho poll wilt closo to-day for No. 3 Subdivision of tho Jondaryan Division. The candidates nro Mr. William Vickors and Mr. Goorgo Whittaker. Tub ordinary meeting of tho Municipal Coun cil took placo yesterday afternoon nt tho Town Hall, tho Mayor And all the alderman being pre sent. Tlio various committees for tho year wcro appointed. For Chairman of tho Works Com mitteo Aldermen Gcddca nnd Munro wore proposed, and there were three votes for oacti. To prevent discussion. Alderman Groom was in- farmed that if ho would accept tho position there would bo a unanimous vote. After somo de liberation Alderman Groom consoutcd, and his election as Chairman of tho Works Committco wASthonununinioiiH. Alderman Filalde'# motion re tho erection of four forty-cnndlo gas lights in Huthvcn-streut was carried unanimously. Our full report ia unavoidably hold ovur. A flEniK# of views of Wostcrn Australia shown iu lho window of tlio Elite Photograph ing Company, Rnthvcn-Btrect, proved an attrac- tion to many on Saturday nicht, and drewquito a crowd of people. The photographs are handsome, bub Albany ami Perth, tho latter especially, stated that sovoral itersons iu Toowoomba oro about to try their luck in lho colony named. Thoy had belter think woll before taking such a step, because ono of tho latest issues to hand of tho Perth Inquirer given a vory bad account of lho state of tilings in that city, nnd states that every steamer for tho cistern ports brings away neoplo who nro thoroughly disgusted with Western Australia. Ox Saturday last the election to fill tho vacancy in Subdivision No, 2 of tho Clifton Divi sional Board took placo at Clifton, and resulted as follows:— \- J. Kolchor. J. Andorson. Clifton .. 29 80 Allcm 10 2 Darkoy Flat 83 10 75 43 Majority for J. ICnloher, 82, and ho was declared duly olcctod for the ensuing three years at noon yesterday by Air. H. Mott, tho returning-officor. A cornir#roNDENT of tho London Times writing abovo tho initials " A.J.P," com ments in strong terms on Colonial Govoramonta having a voice in the selection of governors of colonies. Referring specially to Queensland ho flays After Sir Henry Blako was raiusoil by Quoensland, tho Homo Go vernment appointed him as Governor of Jamaica, and he has turned out to bo the best Governor Jamaica over had. Ho and his good lady workod hard, and are beloved by all classes. Jamaica is now more prosperous thnn it has been aincc tho emancipation, and simply because of tho doings of Sir Henry Blako, who has been tlio vory saviour of Jamaica. So much Queens land has lost and Jamaica gained by this ; and not by accidont, but through tho brains and muscular exertion alono of this Sir Honry Blako. This should bo a warning to other colonics." The usual weekly meeting of tho Wcsleyan Mutual Improvomont 8ocicty was held in the schoolroom on Thursday laat, when there was a very good nttondanco of members and visitors. Tho chair was occupied by tho President, tho Rev. II. Youngman. Tho businosa of tho ovon- ing wax " An Omnibus," all tho mombor# pre sent taking part. Tlio following programmo was gono through:— " Pianoforte Duott," Miss 0. Campbull and Miss Fletcher; "Quartette," Misses Rogers and Messrs. Rogers and Nos- bitt; "Trio," Mr, Mrs., and Miss Jnrrott; instrumental duct (violin and piano), Masters C. Polothorpo and Louis Jorrott; recitation, Misi Graves. Readings were also given by tho following:— Rev. 11. Youngman, Mrs. llardio, Misses Passmoro and Trevctimn, and Messrs. J. Kirke, Jarrott, Besant, A. Gaydon, junr,, and J. Saundors. Tho mooting was of a very interest ing character, and an enjoyable ovonlng was spent. Tlio syllabus for tho quarter was handed to tho mombcrfi, and contains itemB which pro- iniso a successful sossion. Among 'tho cliiof itoms of interest are:— Lottor night, nubject "Ghosts"; debato, "Should tho franchisobo extended to women " ; talk on " Shams," by tho Rov. H. Youngman ; discussion on " Socialism." opener Mr. Ncsbitt; talk on " Hypnotism," by Dr. H. R, Nolan; and "British History to Roman occupation " Tho interest in tho society nas uccn won acpt up, anu inium uencui nas accrued to the mombors to tho present. At a eommittoo mooting of the Qnocn<>land Tnrf Clnb. bold on Friday evening lost, the following liooasea wcro granted Trainer ; P. Byrno. Jockey# : J. Iunos, II. Vonables, P. Edwards, .T. Burko. T. II. Fitzgerald, F. W. Robinson, S. Pilon, W. Uoworo, T. Ryari, J. Whito. and U. Hunter. Several rthcr names wore submitted for licensee, but the application# was hold baok for further ro- ferenoe. Resident# in the country sending their orders to Finn y, Ulo, and Co., Brisbane, with careful do-oription of requiroinnots, naming price# thoy wish to go to, and on- olosing remittance to oovor amount, can roiy on getting a well aorvod as tho koonoit bnyer in tbo city from tho bentasorted -took and boat valna to bo hid in tbo colony, wbiob com parison of the goods will provo. It was notified in Saturday's Goverw/ieni Gazette that W. R. Gondall, the Hon. J. T' Smith, M.L.O., U. W. Scbolofield, and J. T. M'Michaol. havo boon appointod membera of tho committco of raunagoment of tho Ton- woomba Hospital, to m t on behalf of tbo Go- yornmont. in conjunction with R Aland, M.L.A,, W. H. Groom, M L.A., W. S.' Glen- dinning, and G. G. Crry. oleotod by tho oon tribntor# to that institntioo. The following ia tbo report of tho state of tho Hoipital for tho In-rano for tho week ending February ffih. 1892 .—In house last ro- P9rt, 92 males, 125 female, since admitted mfjdiodmf; disohargod ?m7 ; remaining 92 males, 125 fematas, total 217. lho Medical Superintendent acknowledges with thank# tho H06;# tercels of illnstratod paper# from Mr. W. 3. Palmer and M. J, 8. Nolan, for tho useof the patiouts. 