ORA.TA.YA AT ALBANY. Albanv. Ane-nst: -I. The Orotava, Captain Studdarb, arrived from Colombo at S p.m. to-day and sailed for Ade laide at 11 p m. The passengers were : — For Melbourne—Rev. W. Turnbull, Captain Sebright, and Messrs. Wilson, Currie, Robsoa, Hawthorn, Reid, and Patterson. _ ?■': v Sydney—Mr. and Mrs. Ward, Mrs. >-i I'STcis and two children, Miss Sheehan, and Mr. Rogt and (53 for all ports in other The strong point of the Assembly is incon sistency. On Thursday three and a half hours were spent on as many clauses of the Land Value Assessment Bill, although that measure either in its present form or as Part xix. of the Municipal Corporations Bill ha3 passed through the Assembly three times. Then horrified at the time consumed in doing so little work thirty-four clauses, two schedules, and the title were swept out of the way in fifteen minutes, and the House ad journed with an assumption of r8cti ) tude not justified by the circumstances. The sitting started with a cataclysm of interroga tions concerning The Advertiser paragraph in respect to the Happy Valley tenders, and it was ascertained that the Government would do all in their power to safeguard the interest of local contractors. Members generally, like the Ghost in " Hamlet," appeared to be in "aques tionable shape," and the result was that half an hour had passed, if nothing else, before their inquisitiveness was satiated. Even then, too, the business of the day had to wait while Mr. Castine aired a local grievance. Hi3 con stituents are nervous because returned Broken Hill miners have been receiving engagements on the Blyth to Gladstone railway works, and the honorable and gallant major desires that this concession to oiv.odo — .'halt bo d- ■ r> :v y - V. ; . ' _ Rounsevell said v. no uj was Com missioner no men were taken on at Happy Valley reservoir who had not been at least 12 months in the colony. The formal questions were now called on, and legislators showed more of the kittenish mood by cheer ing Mr. White, who had several interrogations to make, more and more loudly each time he answered to bi3 name. Then the Land Values Assessment Bill came on again in committee at clause 7. The Premier stated that the carrying of Mr. White's amendment excising district councils from the Bill had necessi tated the preparation of a long list of consequent alterations, which were on the files. Mr. Kingston advised that they should 1 e taken pro forma, and that members should V _ thus enabled to get a clean draft of the Bill before attempting to consider them. The com mittee cheered the suggestion, but Mr. Grainger objected to this summary proceeding, and unkindly hinted that Mr. Kingston was so accommodating to the Government merely because be was anxious to hurry on with the "Conciliation Bill," which was understood to be the next item to be brought forward. The member for West Adelaide resented the in sinuation, and protested that he only wished to convenience honorable members and to ex pedite the business of the country. Sir John Downer mildly remarked that there was the same reason for omitting municipal councils from the Bill as for striking out districts councils, and that the whole matter was open to argument. So it came about that the fight again began clause by clause. Mr. Solomon opened the battle with a proposition to strike out the 'principle of "one man one vote" from clause 8 and to insert provision for a sliding scale of votes up to six based upon the assess ment. Sir John Downer, who wa3 the father of the single vote in this connection, fought manfully for his child, while Mr. Grainger said to the other side—"Well you are the most illogical set of people I ever saw. You say the poor men are going to suffer under this Bill, and yet you object to them having a vote." By 34 vote3 to 11 it was decided to re tain the clause as it stood, and a second attempt by Mr. Johnson to increase the power of property was defeated by 34 votes to 8. Under clauso 9 Mr. Hague tried to give ratepayers the option of deciding whether or not they would be assessed on the improved or the unimproved value of their land, but the division showed 3S votes against him and only, 14 in his favor. When the next clause came bsfore honorable members Mr. Johnson made another attempb to banish the single vote. He affirmed, among other things, that the Bill in its present state seemed to say that "any one who dares to acquire property is to be gob at in some way or other," while he objected to " the tag-rag and bobtail of a town, who have no interest in the place and never intend to have, outvoting the propertied classes." No one except the Premier showed much detailed knowledge of the exact meaning of the measure; bub Sir John Downer, Mr. Kingston, Mr. Homburg, and i Mr. Johnson were prolific in sugges tions and explanations. Said Mr. Holder deprecatirgly — "This criticism sounds strangely from Mr. Homburg, who has twice piloted this very Bill through the House, while Mr. Kingston would have had to fight for it too if the Playford Ministry had remained in office." "That's one of the choice things he's missed," said Mr. Solomon, and the com mittee laughed. Mr. J. R. Kelly, speaking for the first time this session, advised that the Bill should be held over till the next Parliament, so that members might have yet another struggle with it, and then Mr. Johnson essayed some further explanations. When he had'finished a learned-dissertation, as uninteresting as it was intricate, Mr. Grayson said somewhat sarcastically—"Now, that's all very clear," to which Mr. Johnson retorted—" I am speaking loudly enough," and Mr. Kingston added—"That's the principal charm." Mr. Kingston suggested that. the Attorney-General should come to the help of his chief, but the assistance was not needed, for Mr. Holder proved a thorough master of his subject, and showed great skill and tact in his difficult work. At 10 minutes past 6 the Bill had advanced to clause 14, and then the terror of a late sitting suddenly spurred members on to greater execution. At 6.26 all 48 clauses of the Bill with two schedules had been run through and the House had adjourned. Such is Parliamentary life! Mr. Mead has been appointed umpire in the Port v. Norwood match to be played on the Adelaide Oval to-morrow afternoon in place of Mr. Wilson, who it is understood intends returning to Melbourne. The president of the Y.M.C.A. will hold a reception at the Gawler-place rooms this evening. The Chalmers Church choir will give an entertainment this evening in connection with j the Chalmers Church Literary Society. I 