P$$g° e , It must l)ii admitted that, save in thn matter of getting his hair cut. short. Ml-. Bland Holt is always up to date. His last revival, " A. Run of Luck," is no exception to the rule. The piece, as oi iginnlly played, depended for its climax upon a flat-race. Mr. Holt has now altered to suit the times and the famous last act deals with a steeplechase, which is given with marvellous realism, real jockeys riding Oona fide jumpers over very respectable hurdles. v\'e believe this is the first time that a bona fide steeplechase has been represented upon the stago, so that. Mr. Holt is entitled to score a record. Most Melbourne playgoers will remember A Run of Luck" as being a really good, specimen of its class of drama. It has all conventional requirements, but they are not too conventional to be uninteresting. There are good and bad characters in it. There is a haughty squire, who went wrong in the days of his youth, the result being a son, who represents suft'ering virtue, and then there is a son by a second marriage, who gets into plenty of trouble, hut is a good fellow at bottom. There is villainy represented in various forms, from the heavy villain, who seek^ to ived an heiress and ruin the virtuous your.g man, to the couiic villainy of Charlie Saudown, whose deepest schemes are flavoured with an aroma of humour that keeps the audience constantly laughiug either with or at the scamp. There is a clergyman's daughter, who in the country is green, fresh and pure as the surrounding meadows, but who, when in London, is no • better than ehe • should be.' There is interest and excitement throughout the piece and in the end thei-6Ms suffering virtue duly rewarded and villaiiiy^dileS. There is a real pack of hounds in one act and there is the aforesaid steeplechase in another. All these things, set in splendid scenery and illustrated with capital acting, combine to make " A Bun of Luck" a dramatic meal that should satisfy the taste of the most epicurean of playgoers. * » * * As the heroine, Daisy Copsley, Miss Edith Blande played in her usual taking manner, and as the clergyman s naughty daughter Miss Kate Bishop acted effectively, but if we had been easting the piece we should have reversed the characters, for Miss Bishop is seen to the greatest advantage as feminine virtue, whilst Miss Blande's greatest success has been achieved in characters that are not too painfully moral. Hoth ladies, however, acquit themselves with credit. Mrs. Bland Holt play6 Mabel, the heiress, whose heart, hand and fortune the villain wishes to secure, in that pleading and gracefully natural manner which lends an indescribable charm to. all that lady's impersonations. Miss Flora Anstead extracts a considerable amount of fun out of the pirt of Aunt Mary. As the hero, Mr. Charles Glenney gives another proof of sterling ability, whilst his half-brother finds a good representative in Mr. Walter Howe. Mr. Albert Norman plays old Copsley with much feeling, aud the Squire is rendered in massive and dignified manner by Mr. A. Glover. The part of the comic villain, Oharlie Sandowu, is one in which Mr. Bland Holt fairly revels. It suits him, or he suits it. to a T, and all the time lie is on the stage the audience are in a simmer of merriment. The piece is mounted with great care, goes well, and the excitement of the audience during the race scene is as great as if all the persons in the auditorium had got their money on the favourite for the Grand National Steeplechase. THE last nights of Mr. Rignold's splendid Shakespearian production at the Princess' are announced. " A Midsummer Night's Dream " has been mounted with such lovingcare that it is a matter of surprise that it should not have a much longer run. Barely has a work of "the divine William's " been so lavishly staged. The scenic setting, the effects and the acting all round should have ensured a run of months, not weeks. On Saturday night a new and special version of Goethe's " Faust "will be produced at this theatre. The dramatisation is the work oF Messrs. Gilbert Parker and George Bignold. Mr. Bignold will appear as Mephistopheles, and the play will be mounted on a scale of unusual splendour. This is the last week of Mrs. Bernard Beere's season in Melbourne. That talented actress lias been repeating her fine performance of Fedora during the early part of the week. Last evening she gave an excellent rendering of Lady Gav Spanker in Boucicault's "London Assurance," and to-night she will revive " Adrienne Lecouvreur," the same piece being repeated by special request to-morrow evening, when Mrs. Beero will make her farewell appearance in Melbourne. On Saturday night a special parformauce will be given at the Opera House 011 the occasion of the last appearance of Mrs. Bernard Beere in Melbourne. Two acts of " Adrienne Lecouvreur" will be followed by Mr. Herbert Standing's imitations of celebrated actors. Mons. Marius will enact a play without words, and Mrs. Beere and Mr. Otho Stuart will give the balcony scene from Borneo and Juliet." This varied programme will conclude with ail act. from " Masks and Faces." TUB latest production at the Bijou Theatre is perhaps the most startling of the Brough- Boucicault management. It is ostensibly a comody, and it is a very laughable one j but it is also one of the bitterest satires ever penned. Mr. Pinero, the author, lias long been known asoneof To Cows SKIN DISROBES.—^Iptauline Lotion drive away all rtrupfcioim, Pimple*,Bl'itobea, Uodne.6 and Disfigurement,leivlng a clear, Bpotless btia.— BottlvB Sold evmy wuere. c Ithe most facile of modern playwrights, but none Lof his former work displays the power exhibited 1m this piece, which he has called "The Times." (Holding with the doctrine of the Latin poet that (nothing forbids a man speaking the truth with a yaushing face, he has made his comedy the vehicle fof saying some very hard truths against society fgenerally. The play is intensely amusing, and 'yet to those who look beyond the veneer of dramatic work and note the satire, very saddening. There is humour lilonded with pathos, laughter with tears. Some of the critics claim I hat in it Mr. Pinero shows that he is another Thaekerny, and so far as satire strong but not unkindly is concerned the comparison is a good one. But to our mind a better comparison would have been made between Pinero and Thomas Hood, for "The Times" has all the hroad humour and all the deep pathos characteristic of the varied work of '.lie man who wrote ' Faithless Nelly Gray," and "The Bridge of Sighs," " Miss Killmansegg,"and " The Song of the Shirt." If we felt inclined to drop into a moralising strain, we would drop— [Precisely—drop it; and get ou witli your notice of the performance.—ED. P.] * * * * The story of "The Times" is that of a parvenu. Percy Egerton-Bompas, a retired draper, who has succeeded in getting into Parliament and society, only to find that all that glitters is not gold in either of these charmed atmospheres. He is blessed with two children, a pigeon pair, but very unlike in their dispositions, for the daughter, Beryl, would be a lady in any sphere, whilst the son, Howard, would be a cad even if he were gilded. Beryl is engaged to one Viscount Lurgashall, a very decent fellow although he is a Viscount, whereas Howard has "married beneath him," that is if any wife can be considered beneath such a boor. The draper parvenu is still the possessor of a heart, and though his hopes are shattered by finding how his son has misallied himself, he accepts the situation, receives the young man and his wife and his wife's mother and, acting on the advice of a toadying hanger-on, tries to pass off his daughter- in-law and her mother as wealthy and well-born. Poor Bompas, however, is no more successful than his thousand and one predecessors who have attempted, ever since the days of the alchymists, to make a silk purse out of a sow's ear. * * * A Press female Paul Pry gets at the truth, and the troubles of Bompas, M.P., become very heavy. He is compelled, against his will, to leave the Conservative party, of which as a parvenu he was naturally a strong supporter, and consents to join the Irish party. His daughter, Beryl, relinquishes her engagement with the Viscount, and altogether the Bompasses are to be pitied. Mr. and Mrs. Bompas find that society to those not born within the charmed circle is but dead-sea-fruit and decide very wisely to get the taste of the ashes out of their month, by leaving a sphere in which they have failed to realise their hopes of happiness. They determine to live quietly abroad in future, and they have at any rate the satisfaction of knowing that their one deserving child, Beryl, will be happy, for she makes it up with her noble lover before the curtain falls. * * * The acting throughout was of the high order which ever characterises the Bijou company. Mr. Robert Brough, as Egerton-Bompas, and Mrs. Brough, as the much-worried wife of that much-worried individual, were seen at their very best. There are times when the audience laughs at the couple and there are times when there is no feeling but pity for them. Mr. Brough plays the self-made man to the life, whilst Mrs. Brough depicts the true-hearted wife in a sympathetic manner rarely seen upon the stage. Both lady and gentleman thoroughly caught the spirit of the author and interpreted the characters with that subtle combination of humour and pathos which Pinero has made the leading feature of the piece. As their daughter, Beryl, Miss Gibson was natural and pleasing, and as her viscount- lover Mr. Cates was a distinct success. These two characters are the only ones that the author has made faultless (and herein he differs from Thackeray, who never drew virtue without some little blemish of vice, and vice-versi) and they were played by Mr. Cates and Miss Gibson faultlessly. The toadying hanger-on, who arranges all Bompas' social matters, found a finished representative in Mr. Titheradge. Nothing could be better than the unction with which this gentleman rendered the character of the parasitic sycophant, who, having discovered a gold mine in the parvenu, determines to work it for all it is worth. Mr. Boucicault made a capital character-sketch out of the part of an Irish member, who compels Bompas to forego his allegiance to the Conservative party, and Mr. Ward gave due prominence to the cubbish qualities of Howard Bompas. Miss Taylor had a congenial part to play as Mrs. Hooley, the ignorant mother-in-law of Howard Bompas, and Miss Temple made the most of Mrs. Howard. As the female Press Paul Pry Miss Romer was capital, and Miss Bronton was sufficiently dignified as the aristocratic mother of the viscount. Miss Marie Fraser made her first appearance in the part of the Bompas' governess, and played it creditably. The piece went brilliantly from start to finish, and Messrs. Brough and Boucicault may be congratulated upon having given us in "The Times" one of the best, and best-played, comedies of modern times. * * * ON Saturday night the " great sensational and spectacular drama," " Erma the Elf," was produced in the presence of a good gallery and a fair pit; stalls and circular, as per usual, somewhat thin. "Erma the Bit" is one of those " great American successes," in fact, it was principally' through the triumph achieved in this '^great sensational spectacular drama".that an actress, popular throughout the length and breadth of America, not long back was tempted to try her A FAIH, BEAUTIFUL SKIN. —dulpUoliuc Sudb givci the natural tin! luiii JJ|.H;h]iRe aloom of a perfeit emupli'.\in'i. nmbe* the skin *mootu, .upple, health?, ujaifoi.u«tile. 01. Tatteu. Kverywheie. fortune in the Southeru Cross. She came, we saw, and she did not conquer; on tho contrary, she failed signally. » » * * " Erma the Elf" is a conundrum in four acts, aud tells of how a play-acting girl, attached to a travelling theatrical show, tires and turns up the business. Why, doesn't seem exactly clear, though it is only just possible that the show is on half salaries, or, for the matter of that, the ghost may not walk occasionally. Since writing the above we have instituted enquiries on the subject, with the result that we now find we are totally in tho wrong. Tho authorities on the subject tell us that the half-salary racket is purely an invention of the imagination, it being the rule all tho world over with theatricals, even travelling shows, to pay as they go, and invariably all salaries in full to the very day—nay. hour—on which they fall due. We, like the daily papers, " hasten to make all reparation " and so correct the error into which our representative has inadvertently fallen. Erma, we now learn, like Topsy,"growed." Father and mother she had none, but a wicked man, Raikes.of the Bill Sykes stamp, claims her as his "darter," when a heavy villain " made up dark " (i.e., with a black wig and closely twirled moustache to match) coming across Erma, steals her. This little undertaking gives ltaikes an opportunity to turn up every now and again to borrow beer money in the shape of trifles of a thousand pounds a trip. Every time he asks for it the child stealer, Oscar Horton, grabs the point of his moustache and hisses—" You shall have it!" He has. Erma at the rise of the curtain finds herself in snug quarters. A giddy old guy, Mr. Bluffkins, on getting a couple of kisses, vows to bring her up in the way she should go. He wants her to marry the " man made up dark." but Erma loves a Harry Romney, a young gentleman whose misfortunes in the first act lay in the fact that his shirtcuffs don't sit properly on his wrists. Bosanco, a crushed tragedian (Mr. Harry Daniels), and onetime lover of Erma is spread over the four acts pretty considerably, and Aiaminta, another " big" pro., who rolls off Shakespeare by the yard, and who will insist 011 playing the fairy queen, notwithstanding her weight and size, and so cruels Harry Daniels' show, is immense. Wo don't know that we have followed the plot very carefully. We don't know that there is too much plot. Of the first act there is not much to be said, and there isn't so very much to be said about the second, or the third either, nor the fourth. Miss Marion Willis appears in several characters, being " used to lightning changes." She plays them for all they are worth, and she plays them well. In her serio-comic songs she simply ran rings around a host of the talent now posing as stare in this particular line. As the piece progressed, and scope was allowed for acting, Miss Marion Willis was more than equal to the occasion. Metropolitan playgoers appear to have hardly realised tho versatile and gifted artiste and genuine little lady they have in their midst. When they do the Alexandra Theatre will be crowded every evening. The crushed tragedian might have been written for Harry Daniels. His performance is superb, and he is well assisted by Bessie Vivian. Miss Ruth Grey has a good partin Maggie Raikes. and avails herself of all her opportunities. Miss Nell Howarde made a successful first appearance in Melbourne. Joe Stark, as a grey- haired giddy old guy, Bluff kins; Meade, as the " man made up dark," Albertson, as the shifty shirtcuffs; Hill Lewis, as a policeman ; and Anderson, as a sergeant, are all seen to advantage. As Raikes, the Bill Sykes of the production, Mr. Newton Griffiths, with a huge knife sticking out of his breast-pocket, is deserving of special mention—not the knife, Newton. Joe Stark has localised portions of his part, and he brought down the house (what there was to bringdown) with one or two of his up to-date allusions re the beureau. There are several vocal items, all of tlieni successful; also an admirably managed fire scene; and anyone desirous of an enjoyable and laughable entertainment will get it at the Alexandra. Messrs. Dines, the musical conductor, and Spollin, the mechanist, both work very hard. Saturday next sees another change of bill. DAN TRACEY continues his merry career at the Gaiety Music Hall, aud notwithstanding tho widely-circulated rumours of busybodies, who, as usual, cannot mind their own . business, Mr. Tracey has not the slightest intention of leaving his present abode. Ou the contrary he lias come to stay, having the popular little palace of amusement 011 a three years' lease. As long as Dan offers up such capital programmes and engages such popular performers as at present, he need have no fear of the result. In the engagement of Martyn Haygau to look after the stage, tho management have made a happy selection—Martyn is a eood mau. Tho attendances at the Gaiety this week have been large and appreciative, "JOHN L.," the pugilistic kangaroo, is a big attraction at the Waxworks. Phil Stuart, wo hear, is about to spring .another surprise on us in the shape of a real regular set-to with a couple of kangaroos, who are to bu knowa as Peter Jackson and Paddy Slavin. In the meantime see "John L." Biu houses at both Cycloramos. —A complimentary benefit will be tendered to J. F. Atkinson, who, it will bu remembered, was in \V. J. Holloway'a Shakespearian Cnuipany.and b.8 latelybeen playiDg tbe colonies wiiu different companies. The performance will be given at South Melbourne, and tbe piece preeeuted "Hane, tbe Boatman,' in which tbat clever and painBtaking young singer and actor, Mr. Cbas. Naylor. will play the title role. Hp baa a verysweet and powerful tennr voice, and bis yodelling isperfect, BO tbat Bans, as a German character, could not be iu better bands. To DMU£BN GUFCT HAIB. — LRFKYERN Sulnbu* Hair Restorer it tue q«ioseat, aare t and oliea.xJiC. Liarge bottles li, ti 