BAPTIST ASSOCIATION OF VIC TORIA. HALF-YEARLY [?]. The half-yearly session of the above named association was commenced at the Dawson street Church last evening, when the presi dent, Mr D. C. Rees, held a reception. There was a very large attendance of clergy men, delegates, and adherents of the denomi-' tion. The proceedings commenced by the singing of the well-known hymn, “ Marching on to Z'"on,” followed by prayer, led by oue of the visiting ministers; Dr Porter, pastor of the local church, on behalf of the members of the congregation, rose amidst applause to welcome the visitors. Daring the coarse of his address he ex pressed a hope that the meetings to be held under the auspices of the association would be the means of drawing the people nearer to the Cross of Christ. He.'believed that he and the members of his church would be blessed by the deliverances, and en couraged by their association with the repre sentatives from the other churches in the colony. (Applause.) He was convinced that the Baptist ministers in this colony would compare favorably with those of any other denomination. He was proud to give testimony of the brotherly feeling that existed among the clergymen of the various denominations in this city. (Applause); They assembled together in the one great cause of Christi anity, and always seemed prepared to sink all differences of form for the advancement of the Kingdom of God. He prayed that the power of the Holy Ghost would rest upon the delegates, and that their delibera tions on the subjects before them would he conducted in a Christlike spirit. He wanted the visitors to feel that the church at Ballarat extended a most cordial greeting, to and were particularly anxious that, their sojourn would be accompanied with. comfort and pleasure. (Applause). Mr Parker said he felt it his' duty to sup-_ plerneut the remarks of the previous speaker by slating that the officers of the church wished the visiting delegates to understand that they were amongst those who had' at -heart the interest of the association in general and the Baptist Church in par ticular. He- could say, without egotism, that, the church at the present time was a wealth, a power, and an influence. They were desirous of being helpful and of culti vating a vigorous spiritual life. They wanted to teach men to realise that it was more im portent,to seek after the things of eternity than to devote the whole of their attention to matters pertaining to this life. (Applause.) The Rev; E. H. Ellis, Albert street church, in responding, said his duty was a pleasant one. He had* attended a number of the' association's meetings in Englk'nd, but this' was the first he bad attended in the colony. It was always a pleasure to come to Bal larat. It was as good as a. half-holiday to look into the face of Dr Porter. (Applause.) He wished to thank the local delegates for the hearty, welcome extended to himself and other visitors, Tue Baptist Church had no cause to be ashamed of its position. (Ap plause.) There was a time when the church was compelled to take a back seat, but that time had changed, and now they occupied a proud position. John Bunyan was a Bap tist, and so was the great and good C. H. Spurgeon. (Applause.) ' 1 Mr H. S. Martin (Collins street) also responded. He already felt quite at home, and he believed from what he had seen that a very profitable time would be spent in Ballarat during ' the present week. , He hoped the accounts given by Babu Joy concerning Myamensing would be remembered by those'who were respon sible for evangelising the inhabitants of that place. He regretted to say that the deno mination in Melbourne was not progressing as it should be. They were depending to a very great extent on the country churches. This state of affairs was no doubt due to the depression cousequent upon the laud boom and the strike. Mr D. C. Rees said he hoped the meeting would be looked upon as a gathering of the followers of the Lord Jesus Christ, They were all marching to Zion, and he was pre pared to say that they were not tramping through the enemy’s country, but were parading on the grouud of the Master of the Universe. (Applause.) He wished to give a special welcome to’ Babu Joy. (Applause.) He regretted the absence of Principal VYhit tel, who was suffering from an attack of diphtheria. He was, however, glad to say that that gentleman was recovering and would soon be about again. During an interval light refreshments were partaken of, and the choir, under the leader ship of Mr A. B. Cray, with Miss Ditch burn presiding at the organ, rendered a num ber of'selections in a pleasing manner. At 9.30 this morning there will be a de votional meeting; at 11, business session; 1 p.m., luncheon; 3 o’clock, conference; and 5.30, public meeting. 