Hour a Man Who bad Cheated Him Came Bach After tteatb to Apologize. Umoiaoum. Pa.. Aeon. " I never go much on ghost stones, fcegan Contractor Van Dyke at the Clinton H*use -: the^therevening. .1 The/oSd-gentleman v^W-: . beejt listening: v»tt» marpor less attention^ * : a secies of fables being-told by the: guests pf. the hotel. -. •• - , 7' "Well, I dont know-"' the -old contractor replied. " Mv experience "in that direction has been somewhat remarkable. I don tsuppose vou will believe me. but the story tell you is true. I can produce a living wit ness to it. and I will at any time make affidavit to its accuracy. Two years agv I was bndSing a piece of railroad down in the east- em'-part of this State. Among the people who furnished me ties was an old trader- in whom ! tad little or no confidence. As the bill?, for the ties came in - paid them promptly and took receipts from cver.v mm. I knew to the tie the number used. After my contract was completed the . old trader , sued me for the price of fifty ties. The case waa fcriejip and I was compelled to p?l'. the moneyl The old man bad sworn to bis bill, and little or no defence could be made. Wheal.paid the money I warned theoldfel-.. low. I told him he had perjured himself. J predicted for him an unhappy ending. About six-months ago I was awakened at one o'clock imthe morning by this same old trader. It was dark in my room. Just as plainly , as I can see you now he was there in life.. Be wakened me bycallingmy name. My partner w» in bed in the same room-just a few. feet from me. I called him and told him of tbe visitor's presence. He said he cu ild not see him and laughed at me. He toiU me I was dreaming, and suggested that 1 go to sleep. While we were talking the old trader called me by name. He said be bad been mistaken. about the ties, and offered to return me the money. The vision then vanished. My partner talked with me of the matter before we went to sleep again. The next morning be told the story on me as a joke, but while we were at breakfast the news reached us of the old trader's death. He had died within ten minutes of the time of his viait to me. I have - no'idea bow many more calls of tbe same character he bad to make, but I am satisfied lite visit to me was the lastone. That stary is true as holy writ, tbe old man concluded. A distressing'silence followed its telling and the party liroke up before all recovered. Bather (irascibly)—« Who's gpt my bpot jack..;" Cars (smiling archly—" The cat- -' .Puek. - d Utmarliable Stroke of liifiht- ! MtPS- GrailitB Falls Journal, Minnesota, give« an acfcpiint1, by N. O. Carle and CbnstiM» 06on,-WrmatB, of granite FaUs, ot she remarkahla results of a sfaoke of Ugh^mg which, staieli; the prairie abpnt a mile and a KalHrom Olson's'houBe. Itocisurredin June last during a heavy storm. ' TSh^K ssr' it made a hole in the ground between five and six feet deep, and from tfcip hole there extend six trenches two feet deep, branching off in different directions, and eKtentUbgfori distance ol from six to eight rpds. Aud what waa ray singular, not » B»rti<flB«>t the sod and dirt thrown from the h61e and trehcaes was to be seen, except now and tben-a large piees of sad twenty or thirty rods BW»T. Mi. Olson says that by actual measurement the ditches ploughed out by the lightning from where it struck were all ol an eqtail distance apart; four of them waro ol the same length, and tho other two six feet »J»oi$fr. The report is said to have been as terrible as if an explosion had occurred. A ti-ly eitfiilg at a window in a house a milo tMs sensibly felt the shook; two men were Bitting outside another house a mile away ttopj- thfl scene, and so forcibly did they letit that t£ey immediately jumped to their lest ind wenf into the house without speaking. Mr. C. A. Bennett, editor of the Journal, mates-us that he vouches for the iruiiifaliiesa t>ieiaboye account. 