The Modern Child. The modern child is (says the London Daily News) really becoming too good ana pure to live. A generation of Paul Dombevs, and Little Hells, and Mis- uudeistoods, and Tims, is fading like violets in the grass. This statement may surprise uncles and aunts, also school masters - who find children very much what children hnvo always been. But mothers tell ' a different tale, und the question arises : Have children really be came sentimental little lachrymose hum bugs, or is it merely some mothers who are not very sensible ? Ab a text for this sermon wo may choose tho words of -Mrs. Grace Isabel Colborn, of Now York city, U.S., who writes ia a periodical named "Babyhood." It seems to be a place where in ladies may read and write nursery shop. Mrs. Colbron denounces . fairy tales, nnd, hear it, oh earth 1 denounces the delightful drama of Mr. Punch. The .favourite play of which Mr. Punch is the hero or tho villain is a tale "of depravity and vileness." There is Boarcoly a crime in the li«t thatth e old reprobate' ' (why "old"?) does not commit. How, we could easily iiumo a score of crimes which Mr. Punch does not commit. He ends as a misoreunt tortured by remorse, haunted by bogies, und, in booio versions, he expiates his offence on the gallows. In fact, Mr. Punch, with his Titnnio defiance of law and order and everything, is tho Don Juan of infancy, and Mb legend corre sponds to the " Festin de Pierre." "We readily admit that Mr. Punch's career is not exactly one of prim virtue, but did any human being ever hear of a ohild who either took Mr, Punch for a moral ex ample to imitate, or who passed "hours of anguish" becuune he was afraid of Mr. Punch's bogies ? Every child feels about Punch and Judy as Charles Lumb felt ubout the oomudies of the Restoration. Children know they are in a world of fantasy, uud ure no more corrupted by Mr. Punch's high handed behaviour than they are by the clown who bonnets the policeman and sits down on the baby. Children are not idiots or devoid of a sonse of humour. Tbey allow for the tcpsy-turviness of Mr. Punch's world, they respect tbe audacity of his singularly ad venturous character, but tbey no more kill people becnuse they admire Mr. Punch than we shoot Christian carriers beoause wc like the song of " Bonnie Dundee." " Do you pretend," says Mrs. Colbron, " thut a child does not understand that he is being encouraged to laugh at contempt of tho law, theft, and murdor? " Cer tainly, we assert that uo child, not being a congenital imbecile, over dreams of drawing Buch a moral. As to Bowdleris- ing Mr. Punch, nonsense ! "We may have other puppet plays. The marionettes of M. Maurice Boucher act Shakespeare (who in perhaps too dangerous un uuthor), but that iB no reason for presenting Mr. Punch us a converted character. After Mr. Punch, fairy tales come in for condemnation, "A careful mother" searched for hours among the best book shops uud could not find a single volume worthy to he carried home for her early sprig. "Death, cruelty, suffering of man and beast wereoneverypage,aodthetheme of every talc." Precisoly. Take the case of Mr. Bluebeard. He had a room full of jugulated wives, and was anxious to add to the list. Fortunately, u dragoon and u mouaquutaire came up, perhaps Porthos himself, and they ran Mr. Bine- beard through the body. It ie a sad tale of depravity in high places, but is it credible thut any child was ever one penny the worse for it ? Perhaps Mrs. Colbron was. Her childhood " was haunted and embittered " by the wolf in " Red Riding Hood." Sho should have beeu brought up on tho version, probably the older, in which the wolf iB killed and cut up, and out jump little Red Riding Hood and hor grandmother as well and jolly us over. Thus Red Hiding Hood iR obviously . the dawn, and the Wolf is an colipso, aud so on. Did tho " Sleeping Beauty " frighten Mrs. Colbron? "Was she afraid of prick ing her finger with a spindle? Did she shudder at the royal grandmother who orders the children to be cooked a sauce Robert? Then there is "Hop o' my Thumb " That OdyBseus of childhood caused the ogre to kill his own daughters. A healthy child wastes no sympathy on these victims. They are all young ogres, and better out of the way. Jack the Giant Killer is a hero -with a heulthv child ; he is not on the side of the giants, he does not object to capital punishment when it iB richly deserved. There is a story in which the stepmother is sbod with red-hot iron shoes. It is positively necessary to alter this conclusion, and say that the stepmother, a most oiHoub person, wns made to stand in the soruer, or was not allowed to have two helpings to pudding. Let us reflect, let even mothers reflect, that those good old fairy tales are tho most ancient nnd tho most widely diffused literature in tho world. There is no speech in which their voice is not heard. Little Sioux ancl little Crow, Little frosty Eskimo know them, they are denr to little Japa nese as they were to little Greeks, and brown small Egyptians who have been mummies for these many thousand years. Our grandmothers, who were not fero cious or cruel old ladies, told us about Cinderella and Tom-tit-tot. How Tom tit-tot was a fiend. "Were we any tho worse, wero our grandmothers any the worse, was all humanity, as soon as it conld invent, any the worse for Hop o' My Thumb and Red Hiding Hood ? Hot to know their histories is to ho sadly ignorant, is to miss what all people, ap parently, have relished in all countries nnd ages. Tho imagination has heen'fos- tercd on suoh legends, and children have never taken them seriously, Except in " Pubs in Boots" (where a cat gobbles up a giant), the stories have usually a. good moral,' the moral of kindness, courtesy, and courage. Wei venture to assort, in spite of Mrs. Colbron, and careful mothers, thut no ohild was ever depraved oven bv " Puss in Boots." A child makes no metaphysical distinctions, hut he, or she, has plenty of common sense and humour. "What aro ohildrento ha diverted with, if not by the immemorablv ancient litera ture of tho nursery? Are they to he amused with tales of good little girls? The Biblo must at once be put out of their reach. Cain killed Abel ; the flood drowned a number of persons; Jehu was a truculent character; David was by no means a stainless knight. Profane his tory is not to .be thought of for a moment. Henry VIII. was as bad aa Bluobeurd, the Red Comyn "mode sikker" in a brutal manner. Several deserving gentlemen wore positively killed at Marathon.' Blood was actually, shed on a vast variety of interesting occasions. Fiction is no bettor. Front de Bocuf came to an end shocking to ladies of sensibility nnd to Mr. Ruskin. Even Harry, in "Sandfordnnd Merton," gave someone a punch in the guts. " Tbo Arabian Nights" must never be mentioned. Hot a few persons were slain in " Treasure Islund." Tho Lances of Lynwood were occasionally " washed," as Cetewayo said. In brief, "a careful mother" willnever find u book to suit hertruly'uneuviable nursery. "Wo pity her children, and everyone would like to Bend them " The Arabian NightB " ana "The Pilgrim's1 -Progress," Apollyon and all. We do not recommend " Uncle Silas," or the stories of Edgar Poe, to. very sensitive little girls. Hor are all ghost stories good for all readers under .12. But careful mothers will simply train up . ohildren certain to be bullied at' school, and fat too sensitive to live in a : world like ours. If .many mothers are so silly, we shall literally have a generation, of Paul Dombsys. ; 