M&BKELYNEAND; MaGlC. \-- r Jl Kkw Book <11? TffB- SorEixATukAt.' .t- (EAit i HALLQAjSETtt.) h . ia;. toe present snarvai. rave r— wua we M&h;&tma; boom bf the J?ai/,y Chronicle tailing off, and the Ghost boomof the Kecicwvf J2?-_ riew. while London a≪ ts leader- writer® are exciti&c; thfeznadves owrw-Maknetio Lady who oot-Sa&dowa; .Safadow by mere vru- pourer—nothing could be. more wholesome ' and opportune than a good, thotoughrgoinjr, . Philistine book on "?Ehe Supernatural?" Jirom a conjuror's pouitof view. The present idecnic.ofwedutityiafair -excGse for any.. , jttfldetiMM of cut'and -dried anamptioa on 4O19 otter tfdfe. ' Aiid if fbb-stddent finds- Mean. Waatharlf and Haakelyne, with all their shrewd common-amseand waotical « ' Verieuoe, just a trifle too cocksure, le&s; partiou lv people will find them, decidedly readable-— which, perhaps, is the main point. A doctor of medicine treats sense deceptions, dreams, rboste, and phantoms of the dead and the living from a strictly scientific point of view ; while Mr. Haakely&e;, the modem magician of the Egyptian Hall, regards Oriental jugglery, Spiritualism, and Theoaophy from the distinctly practical ride. D BEAMS. Let as begin with the chapter on dreams. Remarking 'that dreams were at one time regarded as being divinely inspired, Mr. Weatherly writes as follows : — " Certain dreams d$ sometimes appear as if they were east for a special purpose, but even the so-called authentic ones coming under this heading-are few indeed. In look ing even at these, we must, Ifear, view them with a. doubtful eye; for what fiotion will invent credulity will receive and exaggeration magnify.1' Dreams may, it appears, be divided into t wo olasses— Dream Illusions and Dream Gallu , oinstions. A dream illusion, we are told, would be caused by something affecting one of the sense organs, and starting either out side the sense organ or in the sense organ itself ; whereas a dream hallucination has its origin in the brain itself, and is purely sub jective, having no objective basis whatever If, for example, a bright light shines upon the closed eyes of a sleeper, he may dream that he is watching a fire ; a red light will often suggest a tempest and lightning; while a bottle of eaa de Cologne placed under his nose will cause the sleeper to imagine himself in & perfumer's hop. It is thought by Wondtthat tha involuntary extension of the foot of the sleeper causes the common dream iffoaipn of falling over a precipice. At the same time a good many dreams-— perhaps the majority of them— have their -orig a in the brain itself without eny external satuulas to excite its aotion. There is iu each individual a certain balance of the cir culation in the brain which admits of the mind doing its work in the most hoallhy and perfect manner. Let the circulation be ex cessive or deficient, that work at once censes to be either sound or perfect. Dreams may often result from some fluotnstion in the brain circulation. The quality of the blood is also & leading factor in the' causation of dreams, and often gives to them some definite character. A QH06T STOEY — AX3> ITS SEQUEL. From the discussion of dreams Dr. Weatherly proceeds to a consideration of ghosts and ghost stories. As thus. Some years ago, in sn article contributed to the yineteen'h Century, there appeared the fol lowing story, communicated to tbe writers by Sir Edmund Hornby, the late Chi el Judire of the Consular Court of China and Japan : — ' It was his habit to allow reporters to come to his house in the evening to get his written judgment for the next day's paper. . . One evening, having gone to bed -and to sleep, he was awakened soon by a rap at the door, whioh, when he took no notice, was repeated. In reply tohts call, 'Come in,' the reporter solemnly entered, and asked for hiB judgment. Thereupon ensued a dialogue between Sir E. Hornby — who referred him again and again to the butler, protesting against the un warrantable intrusion— and the reporter, who persisted in his earnest request for his judg ment. Impressed at last by hie solemn earnestness, and fearful of awakening his wife (who had slept soandlv daring all the energetic, animated dialogue). Sir Edmund gave him the gistof the judgment, which he appeared to takedown in shorthand, after which he apologised for hU intrusion and withdrew. It was then jost half-past 1. Wheo Lady Hornby awoke, as she aid im mediately, the whole incident was related to her. Next day, when Sir Edmund entered the court, the usher announced to hint the sodden death of the reporter some time be tween 1 and half.p&st; 1\. The cause of death as ascertained by a formal inquest, was hear, disease. Tbe poor man had not left his house the night before." Here is a very interesting ghost story — creditable alike to the narrator (or inventor) And to the conscientious reporter, who, in preference to standing before Minos, asked -for his ''judgment" at the hands of Chief Justice Hornby. But what about the sequel P Some months afterwards the editor of the Korih Chvia Herald submitted the fnl- , lowing remarks to the attention of Mr. Ehowles : — "1. Sir Edmund Hornby says Lady Hornby was with him at the time, and sub sequently awoke. I reply, no such per son was in existence. Sir Edmund's second wife had died two years previously, and he did not marry again till three months after the event he relates. ( Sir Edmund mentions an inquest on the body, I reply, on the authority of the coroner, that no such inquest was ever held. "Sir Edmund's story turns upon the judgment of a certain case, which was to be . delivered next day, the 20th of January, 1875\. There is no record of any such judgment in the Supreme Court and Consular Gazette, of which I am now editor. <M. Sir Edmund says that the reporter died at 1 in the monuag. This is wholly inaccurate ; he died between 8 and 9 a.m., after a good night's rest." Let us hope that Mr. Stead's ghost stories will have a more solid foundation in fact than this, which appeared in the August pages of the Nineteenth Centuty. According to J)r. Weatherly, all phantasms are sub jective, with, of course, the One ex ception of those caused by deception and trickery. BECEPIION AXD THICKEST. ' Deception and trickery " arc fully dis cussed in the chapter which Mr. Ma&elroe; contributes to the book now before as. He devotes a section to Oriental jugglery— tef which, speaking as a professional, he has but a poor opinion— describing at some length what ars known as the " mango tree " and tbe "basket" tricks. Concerning the latter, Mr. Maskriyne writes as follows ; — 44 The basket used is a common, rough wicker affair, so closely woven, however, that it cannot be seen through. It is almost spherical in shape, and has a narrow mouth, just Urge enough to allow the entrance of the juvenile who ie apparently spirited away. The littlo boy or girl, astbe case may be, is produced by tho performer, and promptly blindfolded, ostensibly' with the view of shutting out from his or her view the awful doom which is imminent, but in reality it is . more to blind the eyes of the spectator than those of the subject. The child thus prepared is placed in the basket, where it coils itself, head and heels together, around the inner periphery of the basket. In this position it is invisible to any one looking in through the narrow opening which forms the month of the receptacle. Then the play begins. The sword is throst through the basket again and again, the performer usually conolnaing his operations by jumping into the basket, and trampling, supposedly, on its occu pant. Knowing the p<£3tion assumed by the f child, however, one sees that it is not possible : to do any damage by that means. This crime having been committed, the basket is tarned ap find shown. to be empty— so far as . one can see. At tiusXcihUB the performer vlriwo |lmafiiy gMticeeto snggest-an «- Tsuhinaticm. Anoihlfichild, often a twin ? .br rijderrif Jmebjaofc, who has been '-Airint on the; Acene, and is one operated i' collected as : ipinp well, 2 think foa or . reader, oonld manage that. DuresoeefMr don't usually travri with a nnoroaoops." " Modern $pirftaalum " is another subject to, wfcidh Mr. Ha&elyne; devotes some atten tion. He naturally, finds little diffionlty in disposing of the pretensions of tbe Foxes, of Home, of the Brothers Davenport, of Annie Flay, « Dr.'Slade, and of Eglinton, Kim Fhy appears to have deceived a well-known arienUoo man; and — if for this reason only — her performance deserves the epaoe whioh Mr. ! Maekelyne has given to it : — . "Some fifteen persons froin among the andienoe (he writes) eat in a -bircle round the ' medium,' her huab&hd;, 'Colonel' Fay, being One. Phe little blonde then commenced to dap her hands with steady, rhythmical heat, - and when darkness was nude ' visible,' still the clapping continued, while— wonderful to relate— instruments which had been laid upon the knees of the sitters ' were played upon, etc., etc. ; that is, the guitar was strummed in the air, bells were rung, knees pinched, wmsxers cuggea, oia regies onuosea unaer me chin by, on 1 snob nice littto hands, and the other interesting work of the spirits at seances was gone through. How, all this while, the 'Colonel1 was iu the circle, and supposing that the person to his right and left, instead of holding, as they thought, his two hands, were really both holding one of them, still he could do but little to assist his interesting epotxse. She, still clapping those dainty little palms, oould do nothing for herself, unless, when the lights were extin guished, she were to change her tactics, and beat — not her hands together — but one hand upon her forehead or arm, or any other ex posed part of her body whioh would produce exactly the same sound, and leave the taper digits o! one hand free to produce the mani festations. To show the impossibility of any sooh thing, however, one gentleman may now holp the medium's hands. Still a bell rings, a gnitar is strummed, and possibly the gentleman holdingthe fair one's hands has his faoe fanned. How, then, can all this be accomplished? Simply thus; — 'Miss' Faf paf-ses a bell to the ' Colonel's ' mouth, which he shakes as a terrier does a rat, while his boot operates upon a guitar placed on the floor and produces the thrumming ; and the medium, with a fan held between her teeth, will gently wave it in the face of him who hold her hands. And this i6 all thit hap pened ia tbe darkness ; and this is what the scientific gentleman described as won derful \ ' " 1'CnM TRICKKRV TO TUEOsOPfCY. But we must lei ve Spiritualism — in which no sane person now heln»vtn — for Theosophy. a subject st pre-eot very oiuch "on the nail/' The history of Theosophy, as Mr. Makelvne vervLBertinently observes »a b jund up with th. it of itsiounder, Madame B1 ivAt«ky ; and she was a "vulgar adventuress." VFe need not folio w the Ticcadillv wonder-worker ia his dircua- eios of the Hodgvon expose, which, like moat people, he accepts at, conclusive ; but it may interest some of our readers (Theosop bista or otherwise) to learn that Mr. Markelyne — magician-like— has a "oard up his sleeve." Yee; notwithstanding his seeming iodiffer- enoe, he has not been altogether idle. " If it should so happen that, contrary to my expectations, the perpetrators of these outrages on common sene still persist in their nefarious practices, let them beware ! In that cose they will become fair game for me. In the language of sport, I have 'marked them down/ and can lay my finger upon them whenever I need to do eo. If it should be necessary, they mar depend upon it that, though the trap is not yet laid, I am on their (taik, and I shall' pursue them ae relentlessly as I have others before them/' "With this reproduction of Mr. Maske'yne's vogue and tremendous threat, we may ciose hie entertaining pages. 