MISSELLAflEOUZ; QUEER STORY. FOILED. W Eli, I suppose I must let you go, N orah, but I don't half like it. You've never been . .away, from mo before, jind I shall miss you . friehtfnllv." 1 Yes, I hope you'll let mo go, Jim, I don't want to be selfish, but I should enjoy it so much, and after all, you can sea mo every ; day if you like.' They were hosband and wife, these two, and bad been married juat a year. Their married life up to this .point had been one of 'Dnolouded happiness, and perhaps the term ' married lovers ' best expresses their relations to one another. Jim Kennedy was a fine specimen of a man, tall and broad- shouldered, but no one ever called his stern, rugged face good-looking, though there were people who found in it a charm that hand somer features often lack. Nornh, on tho contrary, was extremely pretty, there could bo no two opinions on that point. Her tall, alight figure, clear, fair skin, crisp, golden- brown hair, and deep blue oyes, fully entitled her to take rank with tho beauties of her sex. Jim was well awaro of this fact, and the knowledge afforded hiin great gratification. Perhaps the pride of possession, so prominent a feature in the male character, was oven more strongly developed in liini than in most men; at all events, his pride in his pretty wife knew no bounds. His devotion to her was quite proverbial among their friends and neighbours, nothing could exceed his tender care end forethought in ail matters that con cerned her.; she was always his first consid eration. Ills was a curiously contained and concentrated nature — a nature that was incapable of more than ono lovo— and sho had stirred it to its utmost depths. The subject under discussion was nil invi tation that the Kennedys hud received, to apend a fortnight at ono of tho neighbouring country houses. 7 his invitation Jim, for business reasons, was obliged to decline, but there seemed to be no good reason why Norah should not accept it, and she was very anxious to do so, being, nuturally enough, sttraoted by the prospect of unlimited fun in the shape of (lancing, theatricals, and all the the thausand-aiid-one-aiuusemcnts that are always rife amongst a lurgo country-house party. 'It isn't as if it was far away, you know, Jim,' she urged, 'why Woodlands is only tbrge miles from hero ; you cun walk or ride ovfir £a rpr mft na nffnn na vmt liltA Of course, I am swfully sorry that you can't go too, and 1 sha'nt enjoy it half as much as il you were there ; but I can tell you all nboul \- it afterwards, and it seems so ungracious to refuse Mrs. Mervyn's invitation altogether, when there is really no reason at all why 1 shouldn't accept it.' Jim looked down at tho eagor, uplifted face, and smiled. ' You shall go dear,' be said. I may be selfish, but I hope j am not selfih enough to do you out of any pleasure just becuuse 1 can't share in it myself. Of course you shall go; but if you want new toggery you had hotter sot about getting it at once.' . 'Oil, you dear old Jim T cried Norali, flinging Iter arms round his neck, and kissing her after her usual impulsive, girlish fashion. ' Oh, you dear, dear old Jim I' So tho weighty matter was settled to the satisfaction of all concerned, and in due courso Nornh went off to Woodlands, in a very fetching new gown and tho highest possible spirits. When she had been away for two days, Jim rode ovor to see bow things getting on. Ho arrived at Woodlands about half past four, and was received by Norali in tho library, every other rooin, as she informed him, being turned topsy turvy ; some cleared for .dancing, and some given up for theatri cals, which was just then in process of rehearsal. ' And how are you enjoying yourself 1' asked Jim. ' Oh 1 so much,' Norali answered, her bright face aglow with excitement and pleasure. ' It is perfectly dnlightful. I only Wish you were here to enjoy it too. Do you miss mo muoh, Jiml' 'Frightfully,' said Jim, with n little sigh, ' I feel quite lost without you; hut never mind that, tell mo about yourself. What special line have you token up1 Aro you going iu for theatricals f She shook her lieud. >' ' No, I am afraid I should bo no good on tho stage. I have lmd no practice, you know, I enjoy looking on immensely, and 'there is plenty of fun to'be got out of dune- _ ' ing and other things.' 'Mrs, Mervyn is b clinking actress,' observed Jim. ' Yes,' Norali agreed absently ; 'she is awfully good, and is going to play all the -leading parts.' After that alio was silent for a few minutes, looking into tho fire with a thoughtful pie-occupied air, that somewhat puzzled her husband, who was mora accustomed to her brighter moods. 'A penny for your thoughts,' ho said, at last. ' ' Norah started, and glanced up at him with a rauier curious expression. ' ' Jim,' she said, nervously, 'if I say some, thing you won't bo cross, will you V . - He looked surprised, v . ' Cross, Norah t No, of course not, You : - may say what you like.' f V "i .'It was something that I overheard,' she . 'wont on, absently fingering bis coat strove. ''.I couldn't help henring it; I wish I hadn't, V, "1 hot I couldn't help it. Mr. Brown and Mrs. ".7 "®£:; i- ' .Willis wore talking, and I couldn't help : hearing' what they said— but they didn't know that I was near. '.Is it true, Jim— is C ' -it true thnt there was over anything between l&J;/' 'you and Mrs. Mervyn 1'. . ' A heavy frown crossed Jim's face, and he '» . Uttered a sharp oxclumntinn. \- ' ' Confound the women I' he cried angrily. ! ' What a lot of chattering magpies they '- ore'!' -v '. 'Ph, Jiml' Norali pleaded, 'don't be TxV /«W"5 yon said you wouldn't. It isn't true, iijfjltF f , ' '"'.ffier voice gvivered a£HttIe, and something \- -BUioiously like tears glittered in lior bright 'T-/ V; eyw. J"u muttered .something under his -,'bjimtb os he looked down at her, then, lie V . tpdt hu arm round her /waist, and tlrow her eloseto bin side, \ ' Listen, Norah,' lie Baid impressively ; 1 1 am going to tell you the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. A year or two ago j I was rather intimate with the Mervyns, I and used to come to Woodlands a good deal. Mervyn and I havo always beon good friends I and at that time Mrs Mervyn and I seemed to get on uncommonly well. I can swear | that I never gave her a thought oven that passed the bounds of friendship, and it was some time before it dawned on ino that slio was trying to lead ine into a flirtation. When at lust I woko up to the state of tho cuse, I gave Mrs. Mervyn to undoistnnd that that sort of thing wasn't in my line, and then promptly cleared out. I have always kopt on friendly terms, bccauso I thought that people would begin to think and tulk if wo had an open split, but I have come hero much since then. And tliut is tho trutli of the whole mutter.' Tlio quiet tone and simple, straightforward wordB carried conviction with tbcm, and Norah's perturbed fuco dimpled into a smile as she asked — wny uiu you never ten mo ot this bctore, Jim r ' My dear child,' lie answered gravely, ' a man doesn't care to tell tales of that kind at the expense of a woman, even to his wife. Besides, I hud almost forgotten tho uffair, and, in all probability, Mrs. Mervyn 'jub quite.' Norah shook her head. ' A woman never forgets,' alio snid, emphatically. 'You may depend npon it, Jim, Mis. Mervyn has forgotten nothing — but she may have forgiven, and that is' more to the point. Jim stooped down and gavo his pretty wifo a very lieaity kiss. ' What a good littio soul it is,' lie Baid affectionately ; 'you take things uncommonly well, Norah. So mo women, in your ptnuo, would liuve treated mo to a scene und refused to believe mo.' 1 1 should like to seo anyone refusing to belicvo you,' cried Norah, indignantly.' Then sho rubbed her soft cheek against his. Dear old Jim,' she whispered, lovingly. Thus ended the first doubt that had over threatened to mar tho happiness of their married life. A fortnight is only a short time ufcer all, and very soon Norah's visit to Woodlands was drawing to its close. Tlireo days before tho ono on which she was to return home, Jim got a note from liur asking liiin to be sura and go over that after noon, as sho lmd something important to say to him. It wns some auy» since lie lmd beon there, and ha had not intended to no gain, but Norah's word wns law : so lie ordered his horse and rode oil', arranging to get to Woodlands about fojr o'dloek us usual. In tho hall he wns mot by Mrs. Mervyn, and ho fancied tlint she stnrtcd mid turned rather pnlo when site saw liini. ' How do you do, Mrs. Mervyn J' lie snid us she shook hands. ' Jolly day this, isn't it ) fs Norali anywhere about) She sent me it note asking uie to come over and see lior.' 'Your, wife is in the house,' Mrs. Moryvn answered, ' but I don't know that you oun seo hor now.' Sho spoko rather absently, nnd Jim thought she looked nt him with a curious expression. 'Is anything the matter)' he asked hastily 'I hope Norali isn't ill.' ' No, no, site is quito well, but — ' 'But whut)' naked Jim, who wns begin ning to feel rather impatient. hire. Mervyn turned away nnd looked out of tlie window. ' Can you bear a shock )' slio asked in a low tone. ' A shock)' Jim repeated, feeling more and more bewildered. ' What kind of shock) What do you mean, Mrs. Mervyn) If you Imvo anything to tell mu about Norali, for heaven's sake tell me and liavu done with it. Don't boat about the bush, that is false kindness.' 'Your wifo is quito well,' M rs. Mervyn said, in the same low tone, ' quite well, but,' — sho broke off sharply, and suddenly turned from the window. ' Coino witli uie,' she cried, ' Come witli me.' A curious sensa of doubt and wonder thrilled Jim as lie followed his hostess across the hall, lie could not at all understand tho stoto of affairs, Mrs. Mervyn led the wuy to the small drawing-roan, outsido tho ,door she paused nnd looted up at him. 'You hud better go in alone,' she said; 'Your wife il in the tnorniiig-rooin. If you are quiet you cun hear lmr without being heard.' ' Hear I' Jim repeated, with nn expression of b unk suprise. 'Hear what ) I wish ytu would explain yourself, Mrs. Mervyn.' But Mrs. Mervyn shook her head. ' Don't usk me,' she said, giving . him ' a little push towards tho door, 1 but go — go.' Jim hesitated far a moment with his hand on the handle, then lie opened tho door and went into the room. Now, tlio two drawing-rooms nnd the morning-room wcro en suite, and the latter was only divided from the sinnll drawing- room by sonic soft silk curtains drawn across uuuroliwny. Mechanicully, Jiiu moved aoross the room until lie came to these curtains,' and then ho Btopped. Ho could hear some one Bpciiaiiig on uie auicr sine, linn inscnnuy nu recognised the voico us that of Cnpt. Wurncr, ono of the guests stnying in the house, a man whom lie hnd never liked. 'Tell me,' the voice urged tenderly, 'what makes you so unhappy. Perhaps 1 can do something to help you.' There anas moment's pause, and then the nnswor came in Norah's voico, low and tremulous, witli feeling. ' No, no, you can do nothing. Heaven only knows how miserably unhappy I am, hut no one can help mo- least of nil you.' Jim's hand clutched tho curtain invol untarily, Iris brain seemed to be in n whirl, lie felt like a man in a dream. Norah, his Norah, miserably unhappy, and confiding her woes to another mun. The thought wus madness. ' I can sympathise with you, if I can do no more,' Captain Warner went on, ill tho snoio tender tone, ' tell mo whut troubles you— it is ulwuys a relict- to talk to a sympathetic) friond, I am af-aid you and your husband are not very well matched.' ' ' Jim moved a step nearer to tho curtajn, listening intently, ' We couldn't bo worse mntohed,' oried Norah, in a tone of passionate rebellion, 'ho does not, it is true, openly ill-treat me, hut lie iimkes my life one long torture ; if it lasts much longer I ahull go mud. Marriage . without Bympatliy is moral suicide.' j Jim drew a deep breath, and fell buck a . pace or two. Norah saying that he made , hor lifo one long torture 1 Wus it possiblo, i or had liis ears played liini false t _ | ' My poor darling 1 ' Captain Warner cried passionately. 'There is nothing thnt I would not do to save you front such a life. Only , trust yourself to me, and you'll never regret it— uovor, I swear, as long as you live. I| need not tell you that ray wholu life's Imp- 1 pinesa ib bound up in you, thai I lovo- you with all my heart and soul. You know it already.' | Jim ground hie teeth savngely. In that moment be could have killed the man who j dared to plot against Ins honour, nnd innko . love to his wifo, but lie wailed to hear | Norah's answer. It came at last. ' Yes,' Norali Baid, and oh I how softly nnd . tenderly iter sweet voico thrilled, 'yes,' I- know you love mc, and that knowledge is ; my only comfort. I cling to it with nil my strength. Yes, I know you love me, nnd you muBt know that I — that I ' Jim waited to hear no more; but turned and made liis way to the hall, staggering us he went. Five minutes Inter he wns galloping ncross the park like a nmdinan. Whim in) reached home, ha went straight to his smoking- room, und flung himself into his favourito chnir. Ha tried to think, but liis thoughts wero-in a whir, and his brain seemed on fire. Ha wished to consider the matter calmly and cooly, but found that an utter impossibility. One thought alone pos sessed liini, one bitter, cruel, maddening thought. Nornh wob lost to liini for ever. Witli liis own ears ho hnd heard lior encourage another mini to mnko love to Iter. Norah, liis Nornh, liis wifo whom ho had loved so dearly and trusted so blindly, had played him falsa With hill his strength he strove to forget the words tlint ho lmd overheard ; but ho could not forget, und memory wns mndness. It is impossible to put into words nil that lie suffered. The whole night long lie sat nlone in his smoking-room, fighting with himself nnd witli this crushing sorrow that hnd bowed him to the earth. When the morning dawned, tlio cold gray light that stole in through tho chinks in the curtains allowed hint to be hut the wreck of liis former self. What should ho do 1 That wns the question tlint forced itself with iniuldenir.c persistency into liis brniu, ami the answer wus not easy to find. _ There were two or three courses open to liiin, but lie could not decide which to follow. Ho considered und reconsidered them ail, but none gave liiin satisfaction. At lust u sudden thought struck liini tlint put the others to fight. There was to bo a large party at Woodlun-s Unit night. Mrs. Mervyn lmd inviied him, and lie lmd refused her invitation ; but now he wouldgo. He wonld give himself one more chance of seeing with liis own eyes, and In-nring with liis own ears ; and if his suspicions were confirmed lie would tell Nomli then nnd there tlmt nil was discovered, nnd that sliu was free to go to her lover. Acting on this idea lie drove over to Woodlands in tho cvoning, feeling like a innn who is going to liis execution. In the hall ho found Mr. Mervyn enjoying a sur reptitious cigarette, and wus welcomed witli great cordiality. ' So you'vo changed your mind, Jiin, and come to see the show after all ; tlmt right. I'm enjoying myself in my own wny, you see ; dancing in one rooui, theatricals in unother, neither of tliein in my line, so I came out here to Imvo a quiet smoke. Better stny und join me.' At that mutuant Mrs. Mervyn csino slowly down the wido staircase, nnd crossed the linll towards tlio two men, struggling witli n refractory bangle tlmt refused to fasten. ' Try and do this for me, Edgar,' she said. Then she looked up and her eyes full on Jim. ' Mr. Kennedy I' she cried. ' Yes, it's Jim,' said her husband, ' you needn't look us if you'd seen n ghost.' The startled look still lingered on her face, and she laughed, nervously. ' You aro the last person I expected to see,' she said to Jim, 'you refused so positivly.' i ' Upon my word, that's ahoapitoble speech, cried Mr. Mervyn, ' Jim bus changed his mind, and wo're veiy glad to seo him. . Come tnko him into what you call the tin aire, ICnte, and lot him look at liis friends mak ing fools of themselves,' Mrs. Mervyn led tho way across the hall, and Jim followed like a man in a dream. It all seemed so strange, so unreul ; lie could hardly realise the state of affairs. A minute or two later lie was in the room thnt wus doing temporary duty as n theatre. One or two people spoko to him and hn an swered, but made no attempt at conversation. Ha looked round in search of Nornh, and, failing to find Iter, threw himself into a chair and gavo wny to gloom thought. . The bell rang, and the curtain rose on tlie second net, but Jim did not look up. Ha felt no interest. What were tlie miiiiiu joys '"« "WW v» tiiu otagc IU II till I Altejr QUUIU not compare with the tragedy of his own life. He sat there, with liis eyes fixed on the ground, wrapped in miserable meditations, till nil at once a voice sounded through the room tlmt thrilled hiin liko an olcctric shock. It wos Norah's voice. What were the words sho wus suyingt 'No, no, you can do nothing. Heaven only knows how miserably unhappy I nra, but no oho can help mo — least of all you.' Jim drew a long deep breath, and raised Ids eyes slowly, like a man awaking from some hideous dream. Norah was on tlie stage— liis Norali, looking prettier than lie luql ever Bern her ; nnd by lmr side, holding her hand in his stood Captain Warner. 1 1 can sympathise with you, if I can do no more. Toll me what troubles you — it is al ways a relief to talk to a sympathetic friend. 1 urn afraid you nnd your husband aro not very well matched.' s There was no need to hear more. Jim saw \- it nil now. As in a lightning flash every, ' thing was nuidc olain to him. What he had overheard the day before was a rehearsal of this particular scene, und be had thought- be bad thought — Abl what bad bo dared to liirik ) ' He cowered, guiltily, as lie rcinom- bered all. Norali must never know of what lie lmd accused her in his mind, never. He hardly knnw how to sit through the i remainder of the play ; it seemed intermin able ; but it came to an end at last, and the ourtoin fell, amidst great applnuse. Norah flow upstalra as soon as the per formance wus over, to change her dress and wash tlie rougo and powder from her face. Her first attempt at acting lmd been a dis tinct succcsb, there could be no two opinions about that ; and she was, naturally onough, proud of the fact. Sho smiled, well pleased, as she dipped a sponge in soft water, and be gan to bntho her face, There was a sharp knack at bcr door, and Jim came into the room. 1 Hero you arc, my darling,' ho cried, gladly. She paused in her operations to look up at him— " Yes, hero I am, and likely to bo ; I don't know when I shall get rid of this horrid rouge. So you wero there after all, Jim ; I saw you | in tho audicnco, and I was so surprised, i Why did you chnnge your mind ) It nil went off splendidly, didn't it, and — and— oh 1 Jim, are you very croBS with me.' ' Cross with you 1' Ha lmd come quito close to her now, ' No, I am not cross with you, Norali ; why should 1 bo )' " Well, I was nfrnid you would bo, nnd I sent for you yesterday, so tlmt I might ex plain matters, but you didn't come. You see, i was rather forced into it; I could not very well help myself. Mrs. Mervyn inudo such a point of my undertaking tlie part, tlmt I could not refuse. I thought it was rather a risque part, but I'm awfully glad you are not cross.' Jim took her in liis nrnio, sponge and all, and kissed her wet face. ' I'm fonder nnd prouder of my little woman at this moment than I Imvo ever been before,' ho said, 'but 1 think we'll Imve no more theatricals, Norah duriing ; this shall bo your first mid last appearance.' ' Very well,' said Norali, returning the kiss with interest; " I um sura I don't mind any thing, lis long as you are not cross.' And tlmt wns the end of Mrs. Mervyn's attempt at revongo. What, going so soon, Mr. Kennedy )" Mrs. Moi vyn looked up with a well-stimu lated nir of surprise, ami smiled pleasantly into Jim's white, wrathful face. Yes,' he replied ; ' but let mo Grst thank you foi giving me nn opportunity of attend ing the performance as well as tlie rehearsal.' Tr is interesting to obsorvo that Ameri can millionaires do not bclieva iu letting I heir children cnt the bread of idleness. For instance, George, t lie son of Jny Gould tho world-fnmcd capitalist, is cnpnblo of ranking £ 5 a week as a tolegrnpii operator, should he over feel inclined to secure employment in that branch of industry, in which ho is very expert. Young Jack Astor, who will bo one of tlio most wealthy men in tlio world,- is by profession a florist, nnd us n judge of orchids has fow equals. Cyrus Field, another young Croesus, whose father laid tho first cable across tho Atlantic, is himself a practical cicctricinn and many patents in electrical appliances nro tho products of liis ingenuity and invontion. Yet another, Georgo Vnndor- bilt, whoso Inst cxtrnvngnnco was tho building of n cnstlo in tho wildest part of North Crrolins, on which ho Bpcnt a million, is nn cxpctienccd typewriter and stenographer. A kewly-uakiiied couple found tliomsclvos in a railwny carriage witli nu only follow- pnssonger, who uppeared to sleep pro- oundly. Soon tho young lndy communccd to call her young husband all tho endearing nntnoB that natural history con supply. Tho truvoller roused up, begged the ludy to cull lior partner a 'Noah's Aik' at once, and nliow him to sicap quietly. Tun most obvious characteristic to thoso who knew the lute Duko of Clnrenco slightly wns liis extraordinary ncrvcus- iiess nnd distiust of himself. Yot there wus no icnson for this distrust-. Onco, having, mndo two sptoclicB, on finding tliut he had to make a third ho was in nn agony of terror, but tlio third unprepared spe»cli wns bettor than tlio other two. Ho onco snid to an under graduate, ' I would chuck it nil up for £5,000 a year.' Ho would infinitely have preferred tho qniot, ordinary lifo of nn English gentleman to anything which liis birth couid offer him. At arccont weekly meeting of tlio Bedford Petty Sessions tho Mayor unconsciously porpetratcd an ntr.nsing mistake. Ho was about to pass sontenco npon a dolapi- dntcd spocimen nf humanity, having hciird tht evidence of Policc-coiistnbic Taylor, the constablo who had tho enso in hund, and said : ' Taylor, the magistrate linn decided so sond you to prison for fourteen days.' Of conrse, tho constnblo stnrcd in nmazciuont, and began to wondor whether ho woh in or out of tho dock ; but the Mayor quickly saw his error ; and turning to the astonished policeman Bnid ' I beg your paron, Taylor, I did not mean you.' And then tlio natural colour returned to tlio constable's fnce, and ho npponrud to bi aillio moro freely. 