ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE We do' m-t hold ourselees responsible Jor the opinions expressed by our correspondent*. WHO ARE THE 'RATS.' To the Editor ot the ' Standard.' Sm, — It was not' my intention to trouble yon again as I understood that the ' taxers ' intended to plead for peace, accept tbeir beating, and come up smiling again when tbe opportunity came. But judging by the Btories told last Saturday by some of those very good young men, who on Sunday help fcopreach 'blessed aire the peace-makers,' I must trouble yon for a little space' to ask ! the question — Who are the ' rats ' ? and so i I will begin with a little him (hymn) — 41 How like the saints,, hem' pious and how good. Who'd dve-to ctuwg* tixm vith an action Tile? How pleasant and cheerful -is their xuood, Ho* sweet the fair-faced hypocrites can smile.' I have asked tbe question — Who are the ' rats ' ? Well, any elector, ' six-penny ' or otherwise, wise or foolish, will know this from observation that the ship ' Conserva tive' was in a sinking condition at any o'clock, and the ' taxers,' like ' rats,' left the ship, all bat one and the cabin boy (who had whiskers on his forehead). But when the ship arrived in a sinking condition in Holland the ' rats ' got back to tbe ship to tell all tbe noble deeds they had done, to assure the captain that he was a ' dead bird' because tbe intelligence of the borough had voted for him, and they had each and all used their influence, which was great. Sudy nobody will deny that a ' snarler ' is not an authority on lager and any other beer, 'Pro's' arguments are unanswerable, the varions Dr's. are omnipotent, and various gentlemen ' rats ' had all used their per suasive powers, and so it was impossible that 'the Fish ' could .have 'the ghost of a show.' But tbey soon turned from 'rats' 13 a species of the lizard kind, known as the chameleon, when it was known that tbe intelligence of tbe borough, which they praised so highly three years ago, had placed their friend at the bottom of the poll by 400 votes. And oh! what a bitter ' pill ' that tremendous cheer was to tbe monstrous ears of our dear friend ' Jimmy the Wonderful,' to see his face would have reminded you of, the ghostly ' picture on the wall,', for no' doubt the dreiuns of bis childhood came over him then, and the sweet reminiscences of four, years ago when he used to lead the diorns, and none- were 'louder then than, he in singing that 'he was a jolly good fellow.' But now tbe friend of his youth can write M.P. to his name he thinks the colony will be 'shocked when it learns that Port Mel bourne bas thrown away the Conservative the substance for ' the Fish ' the shadow.' Yes, 'Jimmy,' and that's as -trueias you are a wonder, so let me sing another hymn to the tune of ' Truth ' about another man I know, and who shall be nameless. — ?'A man may sport a brxw coat on his back. Pretend to ha*e a lore for Christian, work. An* ilka Sabbath proodly gang an tak' A place amanfr tbe guanlians In the Kirk ; Vet could we read the secrets o* his heart. Lay bare thescbemeshe fosters in bis brain, We'd blush to I earn the false, deceiliu' part He plays, an' scorn to trust tbe man again.' What have you lost, 'Jimmy,*' by the Fish's return ? Is it a J.P.ship, or were you foolish enongh to think that certain influence could make you a Counc31or-or boss of tbe factory ? or did you want a place in the Church i or did .you L imagine ^hat if 'the Conservative had gained tbe eeat he wou d have retired in your favor ! - Tell ns. next Saturday, because I have heard of several like yourself who had chrered themselves with the same. hope. You- seem to think, ' Jimmy,' that nobody has a thinker bat you, or it tbey have they don't. use it, because you say' ' it is difficult tor a man of tbe .conservative 8 nature to Keep in toucn wish those who will not think for themselves.'' And so, three years aeo, he had 400 of a majority over oar M . P. that is. The people bad 'a thinker then and nsedit, bnt now the voters have no brains/ Don't you see, my dear ' brother ' (?), there is just the chance -that it ia you wbo lack the brains, ior if yon have any you don't use then in the right direction. If you and your Evans-street secret political party had any taains yon would teever hxoe aliowed so many abuses ' and lies to have appeared from the pen of that wonderful ** ape,' because sensible men who read them came to the conclusion that your bosS Sanctioned jthem, and so voted against him for no other reason, at least in -many cases this was so. You, 'Jimmy,' in my opinion are one of those, men whom the Conservative ..-would .hive done much better without, and if you want to test the point stand as an aspirant for the Council next August, .and if you are returned I will use my influence with ' the Fish ' to make yon a J.P. In conchuaou, my all-brains Mend, yon can tell your boss that I wish him now, withalliny heart, health, wealth and hap piness, wad may he Uve a long and prosperous life — in private. And for yoursclf don't be bo full of self-conceit, allow that somebody may Know as mtton u you, soo t aiiow your i friends to call us a lot of ' rats,' because some day you may address ns in the usual., style, vis -, Mr.-;Cbairii»n and (ratilenten, and get 'rats', inretum. Don't fly your] kite too high, but take a lesson from small j things and learn common sense ; don't ape tbe down or tiy to be somebody else, be : yourself, and try to be .a politician, and to do this you will have tofinabetter company ; write no more to the ' cag ' unless you write something that can be swallow-ed. Give np tbe idea that 'Pro.'' is fee great of the greatest. H you want in' air yonr eloquence get up a banquette the Yarra Commissioner, who was the only one of your 'push' who ?tack to the defeated ' one. Write an essay ' on 'rats*' lor the 'Standard ' and sign ; yonr name as the author and sole proprietor, j and address same to yours triily, j RED LIGHT. 