CERTIFIED DEAD. \- {" Evening 'Standard':! ) A certain pious monk was wont to' thank Providence for placing death at jtho end of life instead of at the beginning, because, under existing circumstances, men are enabled to prepare themselves for that . oleiiii: event iu a wanner which would other wise bi quite impossible. • Had tliaj; - monk lived during the nineteenth ceutury, ' under some modern red-tape "regime," he might have been less profuse in his gratitude and less confident in his assumption that death always comes at the end of life.'. It was only' a few months ago that a man was accused in one of the Paris courts of being (lruiik in the streets, lie proved incontestably, by re ference to official documents, ihiifc he had been killed twenty years previously -in the Franco-Prussian «"«r. It was very hard; he urged, that a corpse like himself should not be allowed to indulge ill a little 1:: errimc-nt by way of mitigating its lugubrious condi tion. Unfortunately for the, poor corpse, death w;.s not considered incompatible- with punishment, and the merry body was incar cerated in prison pending measures being taken, for its official resurrection. They maiiiige these things ral-he'rfunnily in France. Not only are men officially killed, but often they are'not allowed even to be born; or, if born, they are not"-at all unlikely to be officially changed at birth. It was in the latter part of 1887, or early in 1888, that a young woman named ' llenriette ' was drawn for the military conscription. It is not usual to obtain " vivandicres" in this manner, nor had the lady any desire : to follow the diuni in any case. She therefore made inquiries at the registration office, and there, to her surprise'and disgust, ascertained that the clerk had entered her name as 'Henri,' and that consequently she was, iu the eye of the law, not a woman but a man. A similar accident befel a younsr lady who 1ad been christened ' Louise Felicite.' Her fancy had been lightly luring to thoughts of love, and on Valentine's Day, 1SS8, all un conscious of her sex, she presented herself in company with her mother at a mayor's office in the suburbs of Paris,in order to get a copy of lie.- baptismal certificate, and to publish the legal banns' for her approaching marriage with tlie man of her choice..- The registrar's clerk looked over the bovks, but founl no 'Louise Felicite' marked dowr on tlie day mentioned. However, the birth of a boy was registered, his narno being given as ' Louis Fclicic-n.' It was then broken to the unfortunate and love-born maiden that' she. too, like H curie tie, was really a man, ■ liable to be called upon to defend his country ; and it was literally not till three or four moi.tlis later that her real sex was restored to i:or by a special injunction' of. the Civil Tribunal. Then, and not till then, vas she allowed to assume the ■congenial' " role "' of. bride. A Swiss captain, at the end of a sauguin ary and prolonged battle, caused .(lie dead and dying to be thrown alike into the pits and buried together. Someone pointed out to him that many of the bodies still showed signs of animation. ' My good sir,' re plied the Swiss, ' is a man were once to pay, attention to the signs they show,there would not be a dead body amongst them.' A similiar power of preventing the mind beiog turned aside by trilling considerations appears to have characterised a certain Kazi in the city of Cairo, Mansur Bin Musia .by nauie. To him is attributed, among others, the celebrated pound of ilesh judgment given in favor of the Jew creditor. His decisions were usually rather extraordinary, but every now and then they were so remarkable as to attract attention from disinterested out siders.' On one occasion, the inhabitants of Cairo were shocked lo see a living man borne through the streets, tied fast to a bier, ' and liurried'towards the cemetery tu be buried alive. His lamentable shrieks were entirely disregarded by tlie bearers, who remorselessly carried out their duty to its bitter end. tit was sion ascertained that the Kazi " Mansur was 'responsible' for this atrocity; aiid,- al though Orientals are not. easily shocked Y.'hpre the administration of justice (so culled) is eppperned, yet-, in this case, it was felt that sonic iuijuirics should :be. made. Accordingly, the K-.rzi was interviewed, and he was asked why it wa3 that he had caused a living man to be buried alive. Like Mrj Gilbert's young lady■ in the "Mikado," it was doubtless pointed out to him that buried alive is too * stuffy ' a death to be agree able. They found the Kazi quite ready to satisfy their doubts. ' You wish,' ho said, 'to know why this man has been buried alive. Well, his burial has been ordered by me, in due form, because six years ago his wife was married to another man according to the dccree of the law, two witnesses of a very respectable character having certified his death at Bagdad. The man, however, came beforethe court this.morning,;pleading that he was not dead, and advancing a claim to recover his wife. I ordered the - two witnesses to reappear, and, they proved; beyond doubt by fresh evidence that they had attended his funeral at Bagdad, • .yheie he was buried in their presence. !From this circumstance it is easy to conclude that the1 man cannot be a real one, but .'the ghost of. the former, and must therefore bo ilaid.'in order to put an erid to all future disputes respecting the woman.' The bystanders thereupon, We are told, ' dissembled 'their misgivings, praised the Kazi's'justice, and retired.' So much for the poor Enoch Arderi. of tairo. His fate wis sad in the extreme, a'njJ. the'details of it are harrowing to read pgt .g/e may Jonve soine little consolation from reflecting' tljat prjj^ajjlj' fhoy firo not | altogether accurate. 'The following,' how ever, is it true story, and it must ;be owned that it is net'.r enough in itp main outline to | that just narrated to give only too much reason for believing that, such judgments. as: tho!}e;of Kaai Mansur Bin Musia 'were, and,' are still, possible in Oriental Courts. Mr. isriaj: T/?y'"r published the'facts nearly four years ago^'A. mi}?} named- Mahomet, a resident of Khartoum, ' shortly < before tile siege, for greater .. security, : en trusted his whole . fort une, amounting to £1,000, to a frietid,- a( Miirhur''ill Upper Egypt, and promised him ' £200, • fii.r. his trouble. When Khartoum fell, the :Mamur; put on mourning for his friend, who, ho gave out, had the mercy af .Allah. He kept the : money on the ground that it\had lapsed to him as the consin and next' friend of the deceased; After,a while, however,' Mahomet turned up and demanded the restitution of his money. The Mamur denounced him as an impostor, tlcclarit.g that he had never seen him before.in his life. . Alahomet sent Tor. his wife to testify to his identity; whereupon' the Mamiir gepL-rojjsly offered, as am ark of regard for his diseased friphVl,' tp-jTiijrry her ; as, on the theory,; she was now a :widow. The caso was taken before: .the .'local judge,' who informed the' Mamiir" tliat unless he gave £500 as b'ucksh'ecsh' lie would have to disgorge the .wh'olo sum"; The'Sliiniur. con sidered the proposal extortionate, and the easejr,ent_up?!l,aDB«®lto 95-!£.9L-5!ii?HS-.^%. Mam'^r ' expended" £i,lCu officials all roi<nd. fhe balance he succeeded in keepirjg for liimself; whilp p''f>F Mahomet lost Jlis fortune and was pqjidemnpd in cp6ts. What became nf the wife tdid not hear.' 