? THE excitement to see what kind of naughty man this Mr. Bentloy, who tempted the lie v. Alex. Marshall to go and see him act, has had a •rood efffct upou the audiences of the Princess', which are nightly increasing'. Mr. Beutley's Hamlet is an unquestionably fine performance. He looks the student's ideal of that complex character, and he brings new readings to the part that must command admiration even when the critic differs with him. It is always the privilege of a critic to tell an actor that certain points are weak, when that particular critic has not a single point that is strong. We do not remember how Shakespeare plavud the Ghost, or how Jolinsou (we are uncertain whether it was Hen or the Doctor) shaped as Osric. We know that Mistress Eleanor Gwynne must have; looked lovely as Laertes, but it was our misfortune to 1)0 born too late. We must be content to put up with Walter Beutlc.v. and wo find him a great and scholarly exponent of the character of Hamlet. Miss Frazer's Ophelia is a fine performance, especially characterised by what, if we may be permitted to coin a word, we should designate niaidenliness. The. other eharacters are well played, if we except, two—the Claudius of Mr. Suss, and the Kirst Gravedigger of Mr. Emery. Mr. Sass has been known hero as a very capable actor of parts in modern drama, and with a wicked iconoclasm he has carried his natural and efl'cctive style into Shakespeare. Bass's King is a real living persnnage, and though sympathy is naturally against hiui, the eyes of the audience follow every movement, every guilty start of the murderer. He speaks the lines so naturally, and he is so unobtrusively perfect, that he raises the part of the King into a prominence not hitherto given to it. An it is necessary that a critic should not admit that he has seep, perfection in anyone who has not been buried, we feel it necessary to find some fault with Mr. Sass. Wo have found it in the crown that he wears—he wears it like Ophelia's rue, " with a difference." His wig, too, looks as if there were too many curl-papers ill it overnight,butasto interpretation of the character of the King—there is no fault to be found in that, for it is the best that we have seen. Of Mr Emery's gravedigger we could write a. column, but space and time do uot permit. There is something so grave-diggerly humorous —a quaint flavour to all the remarks—a make-up that forced the onlooker to wish he owned a cemetery, and could have. Emery as a permanent gravedigger. Mr. Emery is the first of first gravediggers. The sensation of the manhood of the Hew A. Marshall lias caused a run on "The Silver King," and it has been revived for a few nights in order to allow the unco' guid to criticise Mr. Marshall's action. As this is not a controversial column, we may add that the next production will be the " Lost Paradise." We leave the suggestive title open for discussion. " A VII.LAOI: Pumsr " still keeps the boards at the Bijou, and attracts largo and appreciative audiences. The fine acting of Mr. Titheradge, as the Abbe, and of Mr. lirough.as the convict, keep tlie hearers spell bound till the end of the piece. The general ca,st of t he subordinate characters is excellent. TUB Alexandra Theatre has been opened by the Mariliel Orecnwood Company, and the first piece produced has been " My Sweetheart." The play was first made known to us by the everlastinglyadvertised and clever Minnie Palmer. There is something novel in the latest version in the fact that the heroine of tile piece is not Tina, " my sweetheart," but the adventures5,Miss Fleeter. To helpthisaltered state of thillgsaprologue 1ms been revived or invented. In this prologue Joe Sbolnell and his wife are shown engaged in an amicable duel, in which there is much money and no love. Mrs. Shotwell drugs her husband in a painfully dramatic way, and escapes with his money. Like an idiot she comes back at the end of the prologue in order to make a picture and receive the bouquets of a small but appreciative audience. After the prologue the story progresses in the same way in which Minnie Palmer used to fire it into us. Miss Maribel Greenwood, who plays Miss Fleeter, raises the part into great prominence. The lady has the advantage of an unu-ually fine appearance and a good voice. Her aitions are somewhat amateurish, but she displays talents that mark her as an undoubtedly good actress. Agatha Greenwood, as uiy sweetheart," made a decidedly good impression 011 her first appearance, but was too ill to appear upon Monday evening, on which occasion Miss Nellie Greenlees took the part at a few hours' notice. Miss Greenlees played the part in an easy, natural and dashing manner, and showed that hitherto her talents have been somewhat undeleted. Instead of being merely a clever dancer, she proves herself to be an admirable actress. As Joe Shotwell Mr. W. G. Carey was remarkably good, and he emphasised the fact that a temporary absence from the stage does not interfere .with the powers of a good actor. The other parts were fairly, if somewhat weakly, sustained. Sir. Grist's scenery called forth general admiration, and the production has been well received. MR. and Mrs. Rickards have returned to Melbourne. A few days back they were suddenly called to Sydney, to the deathbed of their only son, a bright promising lad of nine years of age, who, in ppite of all medical aid and tender nursing, succumbed to scarlet fever, and passed peacefully away at half-past two on Friday. We, in common with everybody else, sincerely sympathise witli Mr. and Mrs. Uickards in their great sorrow. * # * * # The new prugramme at St. George's Hall is a " hummer." In the fitst part Misses Millie Herbert (the Daughter of A ustraha), Ethel Duval, Charles Cogill, Lindsay, Matlock and Heattie put in good work. In part II. Harry liickards works as hard as ever, and is right royally received. 3Iis» Vineeni and her talking violin, Miss Eose in her songs and dances, and all the ladies of the company in " The Harp that oncethrongh Tar-ar-a-boom- dcay " are enthusiastically received. A screaming farce winds up an excellent bill. A complete change of bill lis arranged for Saturday evening next.. A COMI'r.CTE change, not alone of programme, but of company, at the House of Dan Tracoy (the Gaiety Music Hall) this week. The big. burly and popular comedian, Geo. K. Fortoscue, Charlie Fanning, an old favourite here, Viola Kortescue, M-Kisaoil and Keai-ns, the Sherwoods, Lily •Warren, Jno. Collins, Violet Kingsley, Emma Morrison and others "too numerous to mention" are in the bill, and what a reception they gvt! The management still further add to' their attractions by the production of an entirely new first part, " A Cafe in Hong Koug," and a new laughable absurdity, " The Milliner." W. H. Speed is the business representative, and the Saturday matinees are as largely attended now as ever they were. A MONOST the latest, attractions at Phil Stuart's establishment are the heroes, Peter Carmody and William Rogers, and well they look, too, side by side. We've all heard of 'Rogers, whose courage and bravery is only equalled by that of Carmody. Professor Ventriloquist Davis is also 011 haud, ditto Woodroffe, the wonderful glassblower. Then there is the marvellous exhibition of figures, and as the " figure" is only one shilling large attendances result, as a matter of course. ULONOIN is performing again in England. Sere and yellow, we said, even when here. DUNCAN H. HARRISON, who recently renewed his contract with Sullivan, is likely to have a white elephant on his hands for some time to come. THIS Chinese are hitting out. They enter the P. It, and a boxing match between a couple is billed in Melbourne—going one better than the celestial footballer. IRVING snys he won't come to Australia—yet. Bless you, altogether too young. Why, it would lie folly for him to couie before 1!IUI>, and even then he will disembogue Romeo. MR. and Mrs. Rickards could uot appear last Saturday night through terrible family affliction. Those who make our amusement, have affectionate sympathy in such a crisis. Miss VINI'KNI fairly rivals Bessie Doyle with the violin, and quite created astonishment at Blascheck's benefit. It is rather odd to find her in a music-hall organisation—even such a superior one as Mr. Rickards', and she will yet star. Coi'i'iN wires in over the Royal pantomime. He hangs out his banners, in the way of inviting talent, and who knows but Melbourne may furnish a second Billee Barlow—or a third, including the Dodger himself ? LIONEL RIUNOLD, brother to George and William, comes to Australia shortly. He is a very popular London actor, especially in the humorous parts, such as the Jews of the Adelphi dramas, and conies for Elton's shoes—if Court- neidge doesn't stand in one and Lauri in tho other. SUNDAY entertainments are on the rise. " Operatic selections by a string band " was on the programme at the Melbourne Free Discussion Society, Gaiety Theatre, last Sunday evening. And there was Weinberg's splendid band doing more opera in the Botanical Gardens on Sunday afternoon, under the Turn Verein auspices. IN Smith-street, Collingwood, there are the foundations of a theatre, planned long ago, somewhere in the Middle Ages. Meudcs had a great idea of furnishing South Melbourne with a beautiful theatre, but.it only fell into the hands of the Salvatiou Army, and one knows not v/hether theatrical managers are ever to eujoy the revenge of taking Army Barracks. 