OUR MELBOURNE LADIES' LETTER". We were fully expecting a downpour of rain on Saturday night, but a strong north wind came along, and after a vigorous wrestle with a 10 minutes' shower the wind remained master of the situation, and it howled around the horses, muttered underneath caves, whispered and wailed through the keyholes, who shot up and down the paths and vexed the trees and shrubs until they hit out frantically at each other and tapped at all the window panes they could such, startling the inmates out of their hearty sloop and frightening the boys and girls who were sitting up reading same ghost story nearly out of their senses. We are now at the shortest day of the year, and according to past experience we expect that "as the days begin to lengthen the cold will begin to strengthen That will not matter much to thousands of persons, but what about the unemployed, more (specially the members of that section who have become houseless and homeless A good deal has been done towards supplying food to the destitute but in the coming wintry weather even now the nights are very cold some sort of shelter is desirable, nay, is a necessity, and I heartily agree with the suggestions made in the daily papers that Government should give the homeless ones the use of all unoccupied buildings, a large number of which are at present to be found in Melbourne. No doubt the suggestion alluded to will be acted upon by the authori- ties. It is only natural under existing circumstances, when persons of moderate income are doing their utmost to alleviate distress, that the action of those boots who mis- apply large sums of public money should be commented upon adversely. For instance Mr E. G. Fitzgibbon, the chairman of the Metropolitan Board of Works, has gone to England accompanied by Mrs Fitzgibbon. They intended taking the trip under any circumstances, and they are very wealthy people, yet the very generous-wlth-other people's money board voted £1,000 for Mr. Fitzgibbon's oxpoLaes, and that at a time when hundreds of persons are starving in the streets, and sleeping out in the cold. Besides, the chairman lost a fine opportunity of proving his much vaunted patriotism. The tramway people are doing now what they ought to have done two years ago, namely, altering their scale of fares on a number of lines, and for certain distances, to meet the times. The same error of management exists in the tram ways office as that which prevails in many companies and municipal bodies. Mr. Clapp, the head manager, receives a salary of £60 per week, to make up which it takes no less than 4,800 threepenny fares. Then there is the whole multitude of other officials, wear and tear of machinery, and interest on capital to be got out of the fares. No wonder the retains show a great deficiency at the last auditing of accounts. The charge of 4d. instead of 61 right through from Kew to Spencer street, and which has been in force for a week, seems to meet with public approval. I cannot yet speak of the success of the new departure on other lines. The proposal to reduce the salaries of all officials at the Women's Hospital must have emanated from a mind incapable of appreciating the value and nature of the services required in such an Institution. From the doctors' down to the laundress' the work is trying in more ways than one. One can scarcely believe that a number of intelligent persons would think that £45 per annum an excessive salary for a head infirmary nurse, yet its proposed reduce her payers, and it is further proposed to dismiss the laundress and engage a woman at 15s. per week. If the Women's Hospital cannot afford a laundress at a reasonable wage, it does not give one the impression that it is flourishing financially. Yet the collector's takings last week amounted to £15 134., which was very satisfactory considering the depressed times. We are about to lose the Dampier's, which will in every sense be a loss to Melbourne, setting theatrical considerations aside and Mr. Dampier, his wife, and two daughters have been successful professionally-the family will be missed. They have always been kind and helpful when opportunity offered. Miss Lily Dampier will In any case proceed to England. Her Shake pearian parts have attracted much favour able notice, and there is every probability of her attaining a high position in her profession. Madame Melba is back in London for the opera season, and she is more enthusiastically admired than over. She sings at Buckingham Palace on the 1st of July by command of Her Majesty the Queen, Signor Foli has caught on at last, but why will singers and musicians persist in giving the same numbers night after night, it seems as if an artist can only render, successfully, certain numbers, and beyond these he is" helpless. It appears to me that all the art of the gift consists in plodding hard work. '" Alas, for art ; the very interesting and beautifully executed picture " A Bush Burial," which was offered last year in the Australian Natives' Gala as the £200 prize, was knocked down by the auctioneer last week for £29, which allows £4 for the paint- ing, the frame having cost £25. The matrons of Moreland gave one of their charming " at homes last Tuesday in the usual rendezvous, the Moreland Pavilion. The building was beautifully decorated with art silks, and winter flowers and foliage. The refreshments were temptingly arranged in the vicinity of the ballroom, and the platform occupied by Herr Black's band was prettily furnished with pot plants and festoons of art silks in several delicate and lovely tones. The opening set was danced by Colonel Bull and Lady lWry, Dr. Dyring and Mrs. Douglass Stewart, Mr. Dare and Mrs. Carl Dyring, Dr. Overend and Mrs. Dare, Mr. Bolton and Mrs. E, Warren. Some very handsome toilettes were worn. Mrs. Bolton was in black velvet and pale pink chiffon. Lady Berry wore a stylish gown of black moire, with lace and jet trimming?, and diamond je valley. Miss Nellie Veitch wore black velvet, with a foot and of gold galon, bodice of yellow silk, with jetted belt Mrs Dyring was in gold silk, with Oriental trimmings. Mrs. Miller, gown of jetted lace and sapphires. The greater number of dresses were in yellow with black, and many toilettes were all black, with diamond jewellery. A gown of black merveilleux and jet, with bronze foliage, be asked becoming. At another pleasant social evening given at East Melbourne, some of the gowns were very pretty. A dress of whitehall trimmed with geranium velvet was admired. Another of blue silk, with pearls and chiffon, looked becoming. A pale blue silk was trimmed with crystal fringe, and another pale blue silk was finished with bands of moss velvet. A very pretty toilette was of pink chiffon and flowers. A handsome dress was of heliotrope silk, with facings of butter- cup silk, gold girdle, and bodice spray of primrose. A rich looking black silk was trimmed with jet and cream feathers. Pink silk and pearl fringe composed a pretty dress. Another pretty frock was of blue silk edged with white swansdown. A trained gown of ivory faille, with foot border of crystal embroidery, and bodice trimmed to match, was stylish looking the wearer's sister being in a trained robe of black velvet over petticoat of amber satin. At the last ball given at Government House, Adelaide, the Countess of Kintore wore a lovely gown of white and silver brocade made with a long train, the under- skirt being finished with a ruching of white satin, bodice trimmings of fancy chiffon and sleeves of the same ; diamond and sapphire jewellery. It is pleasing to hear " that the hulk Success foundered in Sydney Harbour, which was perhaps the most fitting place for it to be engulphed. It distressed many right thinking persons to sea a glaring record of crime and cruelty exhibited to the public at so muchVdrpission. The undertaking was not calculated to make a good impression on the minda~t-ilm.ri.iu« generation.. . - The weather is calm and clear this morning, the wind and the rain having such drawn for the present. June 20" __-_--_-_-___ 