TALKS OF PISH II J AND AUV.KNÏUHE I IX MAN Y STRAXOE LAXOS. By PEROT RUSSELL. .Author of "-Vu Kilon of tho Orient," BmWluiV JV«-CLF " Austr.ill.iii Tale« and Sketch.*." ."A Jlu.l * w 1'iisslon." etc.-.. cte. (ALI. HKillTS HESKHVED.] The Blow of a Warrior. AX lXNTKKCOI?I)KD KPÏSODK OK TIÏK IXDIAX 3ÏUTIXV. 1U VKKS, lukes, sens-nay, oceans-of roses! A marvellous sight indeed: nil depths and tints of red, scarlet, verniiïlion,'crimson, pink and lake, rippling and gloving beneath the light breeze and the sunshine of un «arly Indian morning. An indescrib- able fragrance and freshness in tho air, and a. sky like liuuid jewels; earth and heaven wedded in unspeak- able beauty, and the whole of Nature one of utter peace and loveliness. Through these billows of roses,grown for making otto, and belonging to Saadatkhan, there went meditatively n solitary European on his way to visit the house of a certain Talookdar (a petty Zimiiidar or lîevenue Col- lector) who had specially invoked his aid to give relief to his son, who had lamed himself and boen made.worse by the doctor ot' the adjacent British .Station. Isri Pandi, the Talookdar in question, had heard much of the ' fame of Charles Barthop, the medical missionary who had effected such "surprising cures that won golden opinions among the natives from Ja pur to Oudh itself ; and although .he knew that this man would try to .convert him, and he hated Christians with a virulent hatred, Isri Pandi was resolved that his boy should have t he benefit of the body-healing power of one who undoubtedly possessed awe skill, judgment and decision. Por his own part, Barthop was thinking of the melancholy reason wliy these rose gardens were left to .she'd their blossoms untended, and JIOW for the first time a kind of thrill began to stir his heart for the solitude of a place whore hosts of gatherers .should ha ve made its a ir merry v.-ith gossip and laugh, intensified the ap- prehensions that made him hesitate when called away from lu's wife and little baby son at the distant station in the Mi rush district, where rumours had been afloat that a plot to murder all the English and Christians was being hatched. It was, indeed, a fearful time, for the Indian Mutiny was in its earliest stage, and already Barthop was full of horrid memories of atrocities re- ported to him and Iiis companions at a small civil station, where hitherto all had been peace and thorough loyalty, so'far as thc native inhabi- tants themselves were concerned. It was, in short, an oasis amid the scorching Sahara, of rebellion, and might, he well knew, be at any .moment involved in the fearful con- flagration that was raging all over tho north-west. Still, he had hopes for the best. Both himself and wife had many staunch friends among the natives, and how faithful these often were was shown at Mi rush, where, as we may read in Mr. Great- j lied's remarkable narrative given in I Kaye and Mallison's "History of tho' .Mutiii3-," many of the Indies and chil- dren were rescued by native servants and soldiers, who, in memory of past kindnesses, strove to save the lives of their white masters, even at the peril of their own. Barthop was an unusua l man. As a, boy and a youth he had won much local fame in his native place (Cum- berland) by his athletic feats and his daring, and it was at first a love of adventure that had prompted him to become aniedicul missionary. AVhile n student ho had led a, wild life and ' had imbibed pronounced infidel views, hut he studied hard-lie was a, man who did everything thoroughly-and .soon after arriving in India ho was induced to goto Ceylon,where Budd- hism was in full force. "Why, Iii« friends could not exactly toll, but a fter a. yea r or t wo spent in the island Barthop became a changed man. Some rallied him on the Buddhists having converted him, for he frankly confessed when interrogated that lie had made no eonvorts, "although he had effected many bodily cures, and he simply answered "yes, they have converted me very much to kindness, humanity, and peace." ' He had long since publicly rebuked the snoers of some who had remarked on the absurdity of sending a man out on a medical mission who had, while at college,beensuspected of entertaining quito _ Anti-Christian theories, and who, it was said, got ordained under false pretences ; and when Charles Barthop moved into tho North-West he had still not a few detractors. One thing that rendered him unpopular amongst most of the Europeans was his frequent denunciation of sports. He did not see, he boldly said, why slaying animals should be made tho subject of recreation : and when Mr. Taylor, the heroic Commissioner of Patna, executed ono or two natives for conspiracy, he loudly denounced the nets,imcl thus made himselfialmost obnoxious to the Avholo of the Euro- peans on the station. So much was this tho case that his wife, who was, like him, engaged in the missionary . work, was quite ostracised by all but a. few of the European residents, ono lady plainly telling her that her hus- band was now regarded as either a fool or a madman. Barthop was meditating on these painful topics on his way through the roso gardens on his way to the ' house of, the Tnlopkclnr, Isri Pundi, und in spite of bis now and. ns he believed, moro enlightened and Ghris ;tian views as to moral conduct, he feltaldndofindigiuitionaRhothoiight of his gentle Mary being talked to 0 and insulted by ' big- Mrs. Belchor, whose .husband resembled one of -Î-PF'SVV l\nd PerîmiW.typicril?'strong ,men, mid. who were, Utter,,Barthop thought;, to preside.! over ithö.bRi- of a tavern»thmv4tpÄrulo^tliOjlittle society of the station whore.Mï\"Belcher was .ÇoUpctpr. ^Ho, ^as'^.n ^ig,,bhistcring nulli, with mtimiiïens'e^fncè/and-tHi'o or three rolls of fat; a tithe nape of his' neck, and Avhen .Avarñed that the mutiny had spread laughed at the idea. " We'll tread 'em down, sir, like so much dirt,"said thisAvorthy.stamp ing with his elephantine foot ; " and as for that milksop, Barthop, if I had my way I'd flog the rascal all round the station." ' As the missionary recalled these words, lie certainly felt the old ardour stir within him, and he involuntarily threw out Iiis muns, as though in Cumberland style he was about to wrestle with his traducer. " No, no," he repeated, "force won't do it. Force has brought about ithis mutiny, and although force may suppress it, force will not extirpate tho,causes." By this time he had traversed the rose gardens, and arrived at the house of Isri Pundi. It was a' two storeyed building of some pretensions, built of clay bricks, ' sun dried, and white washed with vliu nani, a sort of lime employed for plastering walls in India. There was the usual veran- dah, and passing hastily through the door he entered tho guest-receiving chamber, with its pial or raised alcove on each side, and here found the owner wearing, toga fashion, a snow white cloth, and having on his face that air of grave reserve which com- ports so well with tho dignity of thc Asiatic, while it serves equally as a cloak for his detroit and treachery. After mutual greeting they passed on to the open court in the centre, around which were ranged the rooms devoted to the household, in one of which on a low sort of bed, called by the natives a charpoi, Bnrthop found his patient, a young lad. " Tum hun' nabz Ito t'frkluu " (lot me feel your pulse), he said, after exam- ining the swollen foot, which seemed much infiamed,aiid then he proceeded to bandage it as well as the ankle, having first called for a water-pot, and administered a cooling and sooth- ing draught, which he dispensed him- self out of what his wife called "the portable chemist's shop " lie usually carried about with him. The Talook- dar Avas intensely pleased. He looked almost frank, if an Asiatic could ever look so! and said emphatically, "Mere ran,/' man yt'h tassait! data lia!" (This alfords nie comfort in my trouble), and having conducted Barthop to another apartment sent for refresh- ments and entreated him to stay the night. Barthop was most anxious to re- turn, but he hesitated. He saw that Isri Pan di AV« s already much moved. He recollected the influence of grati- tude on tho mind of ono Avho Avould, could he have done so to his advan- tage or' that of his son, have mur- dered the man ho had summoned Avithout the least .compunction, and he recalled his fnA-orite motto-his marching orders as he termed it A'iz., AvhereA'er there is a body to be healed there is a soul to bo saved. Ii: ho stayed aAvhile he might at last, he thought, Avin oA-er this man and through him hi* Avhole household to Christianity. Ho luid Avarned lu's Avife that lie might be detained; ho know that she Avould not necessarily be alarmed for AVIIO, she had often asked of the natives around, Avould harm their greatest friend. " Yes," Barthop saiclto himself, " This Avould ' be a great triumph, and might ensuro tho safety'of the whole district," and then he felt how much he should like practically, to answer that big, brutal, coarse Belcher, Avho had said to him one day, "I'll tell you what, if you can Avili Isri Pahdi over to your gos- pel shop, I'll beg your pardon for calling you a downright idiot and thorough ass to waste such talents as you haA'o on a pair of cringing rascals only fit for mats to Avipo the shoes of her Britta nie Majesty's, ser- vants." This style of talk, Avherehi Mr. Bel- cher greatly indulged, galled Barthop terribly, and he had priA'ately told ' Mary that he meant to coirvert the Talookdar if it could be done, and then said in the same breath, " God forgiA'e me for connecting com-ersion with my own gratification." AVhere by it may bo percioved that Charles Barthop Ava s one of those introspec tÍA*e spirits Avho find inward torment and self-accusations in things that ordinary people Avould consider equally delightful and innocent. Thus it came about that although a little uneasy at bottom ho recon- ciled himself to accepting the im-jtn tion. Moreovor, he observed to him- self, the fact, that he longed to return to his Avife Avas really no reason Avhy he ought to stay. He had not come out to India, and taken up this voca- tion to please himself, but to please and help others ; and so, to the in- tense satisfaction of the Talookdar he remained.. Hindoos, for the greater part luive but two meals a day. The first of these Avas IIOAA' prepared and brought in for Barthop to partake of, in com- pany Avith his host.' The apartment had' neither chairs nor tables, but tho missionary Ava s as much at homo Avith Hindoo customs as with the language itself, and readily sat cross legged in imitation of Isri Pundi, and prepared to do justice to tho rice and curry andfoAvl that Avas brought in on a. plantain leaf and laid on the ground, plates of fig leaA'es stitched together -serving for plates. Thc beA'orago was only Avater, drunk öiit of a brass A'essel. A female brought in tho A-iands, and said something quickly, Avhich Barthop failed to understand, but he noticed a. change in his host's face, Avhich seemed to light up Avith a strange animation, and then become graA'or and blacker than eA'er. Presently Isri Pandi asked ..A'ery anxiously if Barthorpthought «it possible that his sonvvould be able to Ava Ik in tAvo days ? Barthop AV« s doubtful ; it might be managed, but would require' nice attention to the . dressing of the. affected limb. , He should not like »to promise. The Talookdar' -Avatched ' him harroAvly -AA*^e_spettldhg^l^en«qinetlyTiiske'd what/feeVhe'tAvould-iwant ¡ to ensure ; that the lad. Avouldfbe able to walkÜh ' tAvo days? The , inissipnnry imniédr lately replied that he should not take any fee he . healed wherever jhe could, and solong as he could live -he and the Mein Sahib; he did not take fees. "And- .the Mein Sahib/' fin quired the other evincing some inter- est, " Where is she ? At the station?" " Oh !" Tlie Hindoo looked "down and remained silent some ¡time until Barthop doomed i it a.' good _ oppor tunity to open fire from his theo- logical battery* and asked in his turn if' his host had ever thought about Christ and the religion r1 'Yes,' he had certainly. But what was the great difference between it and his own ? If God had written the commandments of the Son, he must have hadhniids, «nd why should they,the Hindoos, be thought strange because their gods had hands too? Then if they marked themselves with ashes, did not some . of . the Christians make a cross on their fore- heads with water ? And so on, and when he had finished Barthop began an animated argument where to the Talookdar seemed to listen patiently, until suddenly it appeared that ho was, indeed, listening in a. very differ- ent way from what the speaker, or rather preacher, hoped, seeing that he rose abruptly and asking to be ex- cused hurried out, and began a hurried, low conversation with some- one newly arrived, who had just entered tho inner court. Barthop began to fancy that here at least be bael overrated'his powers. He perceived that the Talookdar had something on his mind which quite precluded him from paying proper attention to any theological argu- ment, and as his personal care Ava s not really required for the lamed lad, ho determined to take his departure. He rose, and was going out, when Isri Pandi returned, and divining his purpose pressed him to stay. If lie would but stay, and try and get his son on his legs hy the second day, ho, his father, would thoroughly argue out the claims of their respective religions. The missionary hesitated; well, be would stay that night any- way, there could be no great harm, he 'thought, and then, perhaps, even now tho Talookdar might be waver- ing in his secret self. Once again his fatal resolve to mortify himself came into play, and because ho began to long strongly to be back again at the Station with his wife, he deter- mined to remain. Truly had his wife often told him that ho ought to have been a. Hornau Catholic priest; the penances would ha ve come so natural to him, but he would on such occas- ions lift her up in his powerful arms, and tell her that such a. dear good woman as she was might make the Pope turn Protestant if only he knew who she really was. Having resolved then to humour his Hindoo friend, Barthop asked why lie was so very anxious to have his'son ti]> by the .second day ? The Talookdar replied,_ with a .strange smile, "that no wished beyond all tilings to have his son present at a great event that was to'happen tho day after the next." Barthop felt puzzled and curious, ho hardly knew why. A sense seemed to como up- on him of some impending cal- amity, but he was over a practical man,' and had he not said "never meet misfortune, give it all the way to come to you ?" That night, after the evening meal, whereat the Talookdar appeared par- ticularly exhilarated, Barthop at- tended to his son, who was assured by his father that, thanks to his good friend tho missionary, he would cer- tainly be about in two days and able to take jin rt in tho great coining event, tho lad's eyes sparkled, and somehow, he hardly'knew why, Bar- thop did not like tho expression of his patient's face at all. He Avas a. close obsciwer of faces, and for one thing he declared himself able to de- tect a. cruel nature, hoAveA'or Avell con- cealed by good looks and a smiling air, and it seemed to him that a diabolical look of mutual understand- ing passed between father and son. The events going on all round had j made OA'en Barthop suspicious, al- though he Avas far too much absorbed in his missionary labour to giA'O that attention to tho state of the country which everybody else, including eA-en his Avife, did at thc station. She, good Avoman, knew Avell the faults, as woll as the virtues, of her husband, and often cautioned him not to wander right into the jungle during some of his fits of abstraction. The household appeared a little later wrapped in sleep. The Talookdar, too, had sunk into profound slumber, and the only ono awake was Barthop, AA'ho somehoAV could not sleep. I can- not say what the connection Avas, but I can ailinn that I knoAV a case of tAVO rolatÍA'es Avho rarely meet but of Avliom one always expected tho un- announced visit of the other, and Avas ahvays proved correct in this strange...presentiment. Barthop, he kncAV not Avhy, began thinking about a certain Hindoo" girl, Sita, Avho had boen long in the service of Mi's. Bar- thop, as maid to that lady at the station, and AVIIO had been tho bright- est of all his Bible class scholars, but Avho of late had greatly disappointed both him and Ins Avifo by ceasing to attend and milking all kind of excuses to a,A*oidher religious duties, so that he had begun to regard her asa, back- slider. Sita Avas a girl of Avhom he had been A'ery proud, and of whose intelligence ho had n high opinion. He Avas thinking of lier to-night and feeling that she must go 'demil as another of his failures. Yes, as he said bitterly to himself, he had healed many bodies, but could he reckon one soul to his account ? Ho Ava's lying on a mat in the verandah, haA'ing refused to lie inside. It'was cooler outside, and ho liker] to watch the sky ,in .tho early morning. Whon away from homo on .these special occasions he took- but ii' snatch of sleep, and on this particular night he felta singular uneasiness. While lilied Avith1 those sad reflections^ he;, thought ho .heard-a slight sound, niicl then became aAvare of a figure rising . out <of the'j^'ólirid -'nB.'-it' se^hiod and coming,.; to^A'hrds^l'.hiju,^' apparently' without taking steps',' but simply glid- ' ; ingv»ojgelessly¡ pii., Barthop was a ráim whomJÂwçs unknown, foi\ he haíl not4<?he^ least dread of dêath,' whicnVis tho reial foundation of all tho cdwhr^dic'e^in^ the world, and Jbé merely rose on his elbowand watched. The figure stopped and beckoned him. ¡ Ho i^ereeiypd-! thatritT>v»us-raf woman attired in' the customary-longJ piece of cloth, one fold of which was drawn over, her headCgivingJiei'iiu1 the very feeble light of the stars a weird and even ghastly appearance. Barthop without hesitation roseand advanced, and the figure immediately receded. Wondering what this strange panto- mime might mean he followed, and presently his " 7 mystor ioûSTïïfriend stopped and said, "Öahib Barthop; I'm Sita." Sita ! he had been thinking of her. "Why are you here, arid' What do' you Avant?" ho asked. "I am Jiere because .levant you. Will lyon comb?> witlr me ftb the rose gardens ? We shall-bo^afè tliere." "Isthere danger?" heasked.amazed, but no Avay alarmed. ' " Yes, A'ory much, but you can take it all aAvay. Come, come," and; she AvaA- ed him to follow her impatiently. He Avas :iull bf oivonder.! Had his Avife sent Sita to AV»rn bini to return quickly. They reached tho rose gar- dens. Then Sita stopped/und faced him. . '1 . " The Mern . Sahib ¡ said you Avere here. I have come because no one 'Ava's there Avho could' do ''what' you cnn.", . > ....??!.."'.*' i. Barthop wondered more than oA-er. Had Sita gone mad during this ter- rible, tune bf apprehension." She Avent on-"Yon have gone to help a ? wicked man., Do you knoAV Avhy Isri Pandi is so anxious to have his son cured ?" ' '" " Do you ?" "Yes, I do. He wants him to bo present to see oA'ery white man and every Avhite Avoman and child killed attlie station. They will db1 it, too, the day after to-morrÖAV." Barthop felt an hidescribablcjshock. Ho Avas like a man a.Avakenod'from a, dream. This brought the reality of things home to him. Scales fell from his eyes and he seemed to see in the Talookdar and his eldest son, the tAvo monsters they really Avere. "Yes," Sita. Avent oh speaking Avith increasing emotion, ".-I have heard it all. NOAV all the soldiers ¡ire away, it is intended to seize the station and I Avili save my mistress. I don't care for tho rest so much, but she shall not be killed. There , is a , body of Sepoys only ten miles hway and they are to bo told that the. station can be plundered without a,ny_ fighting, If they come not one Avili escape. I haA*e heard them talk over the Avhole thing and Hirn Singh is going to toll tho Sepoys to come." Hira Singh. Barthop had heard of this man, a sort of sAvash buckler, a loose character and a man Avho Avas suspected of many h igliAva y robberies, and Avho Mr. Belcher had emphati- cally declared ought to haA'o been strung up years before. " There is no time to loose," she con- tinued, Hira, passes here on his Avay. He carries a paper to the rebels, and he Avili return AA'ith ¡them, ? and then my Mom Sahib will die'.'" And' she Avrung her hands passionately. "But," she cried fi creely,1 turning abruptly on Barthop, " you, you must proA'ent him." "How?" " You must kill him ! Kill him !" Barthop shuddered.^ Tho manner of Sita had fully coiwincpd,him that she spoke truth. It AVUS only too, probable that a plot had been hatched and he UOAV felt that he ought not to haye left tho station. She watched him for a, moment silently, and then silently resumed: " Oh, how cold you aro. Don't you understand, Sahib Barthop, If Hira Singh passes this place not ono of tho Mern Sahibs will be aÜA'e in tAvo days ? Stop him ! Kill him ! Think of your little one. I know you can do this. I would not ask the others. See, I lmve brought you a Aveapon. It is sharp,.", and from under her drapery lie sa/w her take a. bright, shining SAVord, which she now held toAvards him. He Avas an unusually ? brave man, bravo morally and physically, but somehoAvho seemed to turnsickat the ollice now thrust upon him. It Avas that of the murderer and executioner he thought, and had he hot preached poace and forbearance and all the great Christian beatitudes,and UOAV Sita appeared qvutfai;aAvnreJot' the struggle going oh Avithin him: "I Avonlddoit myself," she said, speak in a. IOAV, terrible voice, ". hilt: I. am not strong enough. He Avould escape. He will neA'cr escape from you for all his tulwar and shield and his boast. Why do you''hesitate! Did you not teach,me that Joshua of the Bible was a. great hero, and fought like Bama Avilen lio destroyed Havana, and his armies." She still held tho SAVord [extended. Barthop took it from her like a. mau in a. dream. He did hot quite knoAV Avhat ho Avas doing. "" Hide it," she noAA' exclaimed, seeing'that lie'held it mechanically, "so," and concealing it in the fold of his Avhite tunic she placed lu's hand on the hilt. ,, "NOAV," she Avent on, " he AA'ill suspect nothing and AA'ill let you come quite near. He AA'ill not fear you, for it; is/knoAvn that you preach against fighting. It Avould have been no good ,to set any of the others on the track - of a1 man like Hira Singh." ' . ' , Barthop shuddered. Good God ! he thought, must he employ treach- ery as Avell as forc"e? He Avho had so" harshly denounced- the Commis- sioner of Police for hanging a'suspec- ted rebel! Yet all the Avhile, as ho struggled Avith himself, .he felt:fore- doomed to do tho thing, that, he ab- horred. He kneAv SitayAvelliiincl'ihe kneAv hoAA' she adored her mistress, far moro lie feared than she did >her God, and he kneAv Avell that if-Hira. SinghaJíV.Qhí^it.edp.Ara 1Sopoy¿¡.pn3tho,li^ be pandemonium^ >i.-?> , /\¡\¡\ , ^ Sita spoke,'V.y^oÙ Avill saA'eJtheni !" ' she' cried exultingly,/ " I'-know you' ,Sj5ill,i\ríyjo"'^h^iíV*,'!.';''..f-V 1 \f ,V,\,'. '1 " " Aiid destroy niyself,1' nmrhmred tiië unhappy ninn ps he,feltsthe^ hjlt, bf the sword burn in Jiis'sfiiuidT ' ^Ahd all tile more dîd"lie|ïeel |he languish ot* Jiis position hi^jhat he was con- scious of a wild<ahinialî;joy,;. latent within and now waking 'up, to smite down ono who had been, he knew, as. cruel as he was vile. Still was he not a priest? Could a priest law- fully shed blood ? Alas ! no and yes ; nil awful .thrill went through him, for he needed not Sita to remind him that if he let this ruinan pass on Iiis hellish mission the blood and shame that would overwhelm the defenceless must all rest on his head. He could prevent it and he must. Yes, he must save them »ind destroy himself. ' He looked np and'drew himself erect. Sita made an exulting gesture. "That is like à warrior,' she cried approvingly, "like a true 'singh,' a real lion. , Come, it is near the time. Twill take you in Iiis path. I heard all their plot. They say that nb English will remain in a year. The King bf Persia is coming to Delhi to help them, and all India will be free.'* :?? Terrible as the time was Barthop could not resist a smile as he heard of tho reliance, of Hira Singh on tho help of Persia, but lib smiled again bitterly ns, ho thought what idle van- ities such things really were. As ho stood over Sita he again asked him- self the old question, why it mattered so much nbout^dyhig a little before' nature's,time. Well, lind the danger threatened him only, _ Hira Singh might have passed on his fell errand unchallenged, but were there not others ? Yes, a true Christian might, perhaps, he thought, ho wits not sure, strike for another, and here there were" many sad women and helpless children and some infants, ami had not the rebels already shown that.oven babies were not sacred to their murderous malice ? Whither was Sita leading him ? Into the very heart of the deserted rose gardens. Yes, that Ava s the AA*ay he had como from tho station, and that Avas the A\'ay that the traitor Avould come too, as the Talookdar, Isri Pandi, who Avantod his son healed that ho might Avitness tho massa ero of the Chris- tians ! Yes, that reflection mado Barthop harden. He detested cruelty, and the knoAvledge of the fact that these Avretchos made a pastime of outrage and murder hardened his purpose. He grasped the hilt of his Aveapon firmly under his robe, and moA'ed on, erect and froAvning, through > tho AVHA'OS of roses. It AA'US groAving light, and ho could discern quito plainly the ghost-like outline ot his company ion's form. He had sot his face liome Avards HOAV, and sooner or later, no doubt, they had to meet the traitor. He would stop and challenge him, and then-he felt glad that Sita, had not brought him firearms. He fan- cied that ho should feel more of an assassin still Avith thom. It should bo a duel, but then ho knoAVAvell that Hira, would not escape aliA'o. "No, no," thought Barthop, ''if n, man from the'first encounter is quite in- different as to'his'own life, he can bo sure of slaying his antagonist." Lighter'yet.' Tho1 shafts of glori-; ous . light ; began to reveal the oA'er poAvoring and heaVy-hued boauty of these neglected gardens, which ex- tended for miles, as Avell they might, seeing that it takes 200,000 roses to yield a rupee's Aveight of the precious nectar. Lighter still. All OA'er that sea of crimson, red, pink and scarlet, and indeed all shades of red, dying away to yellow and Avhito, the increasing liglit glittered and afar off. Barthop Avas suddenly conscious of a moA'iiig object coming towards him. Sita, crouched doAvn at his side. "He docs not see us," she cried. "Sink into tho holloAV and lot. him come up be- fore he is aware." She pulled ber companion down among tho fragrant bushes and Avatched. Ba rthop glanced at lier and noticed ho%A'resolute sho looked, mid IIOAV the,mouth and nos- trils resembled those of some animal of prey,. Ho sighed as ho thought; tb what a condition she had fallen, and yet, Ava's it not the great IOAO for her mistress that had made the gentle Sita a veritable tigress. Lighter by far IIOAA-, and the red gloAV of the countless blossoms seemed to Barthop to blend into a lake of blood, aucl the morning A'apours going up peacefully from the fresh fragrant .earth appeared to his mad- dened fancy like the steam of a great slaughter. Hira Singh; for it .was he, came on at a fast pace. He had no apprehen- sion and was exultingly eager to reach his friend Isri Pandi, and in- form him by a prearranged signal as he passed' tliem all Avas IIOAV certain for the coining massacre. Hira Avas AA'iry and rather taller than the aA-er age of his countrymen, and AA'ould have been a very handsome man but for his sly eyes and thin lipped cruel mouth. He imagined himself all alone among tho roses, and AA'henthe next moment the AA'ords Khara vaho! (halt) rang out on the air, he started like a man shot. Although he SUAV nothing at first he dreAv his tulwar and glared abouthim. Then barthop rose up in his path, and still speaking in Hindoostan said -"You're a traitor, you're going to bring the rebels on us ? prepare to die." '' Hira, was .seemingly .niora amazed and angry than alarmed. . He did not at aU realise his peril.' 'He SUAV but the Avell-knoAvn missionary before liim, the man he lineAA1- so bold and despised so heartily as one AVIIO would not return a bloAV or resentful insult, yet a mau alAA'ays threatening those to: ¡wliom he ; preached ; near death. He felt half disposed to sheathe his SAA'ord. Ho did not AArant to hurt this fool and he Avas in a. hurry. i j ['i.Stjind- asido}" wítsjall 'ho "replied, making, ns vi|Jo.go"by" .Tlieíí lie saiAV his mistake. Bartlioji withdrew His, aiuuerl[';liaiid fl'om''his. rqtiê'J anclïht tlie flaslí 'of 'that' 'threatening' steel,; Hiraf niildb' a'fdéspernte'doÁvn'ôutSip tho .'missionary's'' líond:"ï;Tlie blÔAy took^pna-tial effect, fib Sitn\sfBbrï*ôr, for blood spurted out from Barthop and flew" ou!the roses around'them, but that; ile|h Ayouiid vas fatalizo Hira. .,vIt ''haiiished îfrom^Barthôp'.s mind all Iiis metaphysical musings. The ardour wherewith «s a boy he had entered into all emulative sports and feats of strength and endurance blazed up within liim, and ho deliv- ered a return blow, which, catching his antagonist full on tho side of the neck, nearly.decapitated him, Sita uttered a cry of animal exul- tation . as she'saw the soldier" fall while Barthop stared 'stupidlyatthe result of his stroke. He was a pow- erful man and Sita had given him a sword with a razor edge.; He had put,'indeed, such full power into ,the stroke that he .nearly fell. himself over his antagonist, who had tumbled a helpless heap of quivering mor- tality among the roses, which were deluged in a torrent of blood. that spouted from the severed arteries. "Tlio blow of a. warrior ¡"cried Sita,, her whole face radiant , with joy. " The Mom Sahib is saved." A. .Barthop looked with an unspeak- able horror at his work. He stood transfixed, for a moment, and then flung his' sword whirling away' a hundred feet off. ? :" Sita looked amazed, and then she was terrified' at Barthop's aspect as he staggered onward. " The blow of a warrior !" the 1 words rang iii his. ears. Ho felt himself a. murderer,, and something seemed to tell,him that for him peace was no moro.' He- sta ggored on, impelled by a blind in- stinct, homowards, and Sita followed vainly trying to rouse, him from the frenzy into which she saw the deed' had driven him. The heat increased with tho rising sun, but it was no- thing to tho furnaco of romor.se that i'aged within him. His hand.was red with the life blood of a fellow I crea tare. Sita was, horrified, and vainly strove to induce him to let her attend' to his Avound, but ho spoke incoher- ently, and thrust her aside Avith a fierceness as though she Avas a thing; abhorred. Then she SUAV him reel round and fall prostrate among, the roses Avhich filled tho air AA'ith such exquisite perfume, Sita hastily bandaged his wound,, and then obtained assistance to carry Barthop to the station ho had saA'edi. Military aid Avas called up, anil thc story of Barthop's heroism ,was 011 eA'erybody's tpugue, but although ,his Around Avas not in itself serious, he neA-er rallied, and in. a'few. days passed aA\\-ay. His wife could never determine Avhether ho oA'errecoA'ered' lu's senses before tho end, and all tha t fell from him articulately AVUS a kind! of refrain AAdiieh,fell from his liys at' tho close, Avlién it was hoped' that consciousness Avas returning-" Thc bloAV of a warrior ! Oh, 110, tho bloAV of a. murderer !" ' Mrs. Barthop sui'A'iA'ed the mutiny,, and so did , Mr. Belcher, who often expressed sincere grief at the sad end of. tho missionary, AVIIO had certainly saAred the station from destruction.. "But then, poor felloAV," as Mr. Belcher added, "ho had been among those Buddhist felloAVs, Avho eA'en object to kill tigers, and he, was mad, mad as a March hare, and sunstroke did the rest. Poor felloAV." NEXT "WEEK : LUCY, A TASMANIAN GIRL. 