The Dismal Swamp. The place had always been ' ha'nted,' I: one niiifLt credit T^hat was said in *c the quarfcera.' Indeed, therewas scarcely a slave on the plantation but had a startling expe iii-nce to relate of the ghosts that haunted Graysville, one of the most famous old plantations of Louisiana. Every slave that ever trod southern soil is afraid of grave I yards, and the Grayville graveyard 'was indeed a solemn old place, and awesome though to those minds superstitiously in clined. It was not more than a hundred yards from the back doorstep in full range of the little windows of the room that had been the sitting-room of all my grand mothers for unnumbered generations. It waB not originally meant to be a grave yard. One of the first Gray women had lost a babe, and it was her desire that the child might be buried somewhere in sight of her window, where she might have the comfort of seeing its little grave at all times and knowing that it was not quite alone when the wind blew at night and the snow fell ever Graysville. But the little grave which held the dead didnot by any means help to heal the wound in the heart of the living, and before the rowers bloomed again in the old Louisiana woods another grave was opened beside the lonely little sleeper, and Grandmother i.i ray went to keep her child company r.uiler the rustling old liv.eoaks. Of course grandfather was put to sleep beside his vife, and so in time all the Grays were laid under those grim old oaks, and the ' family graveyard,' so to spaak, estab lished within a stone's throw of the back cloor. But it -was not tha graveyard -which made one afraid of Graysville. Beyond, more than a mile, and cut off by one of those still, treacherous lagoons so common to Louisiana stretched for several miles a iow, wet strip of timber-land known as the Lismal Swamp. M The place was full of uncanny associa S lions — as the hiding-place of runaway ? slaves, the hotbed of malaria and all M manner of ills and aches. At length the ? crowning ill was put upon it when it be I came the abode of the Graysville ghost. M True, these stories of the ghost never, for a a long while at least, got beyond the quar 9 iers ; but there they were rehearsed night 1 after night with startling and bloodcurd I ling variations. 9 It was said that nothing ever came out 8 of the swamp alive ; even the cattle i I wandering within ita deadly limits were I ? either stung to death by the poisonous j ; a reptiles there or else broke their necks I M among the tangles of bamboo and rattan, M erossvine and swinging mosses of the U swamp. H I was always mortally afraid of the H swamp, and' no hujnan power could have 9 persuaded me beyond the separating waters 9 of the lagoon. ? Of the ghosts I had no fear whatever, I I'ut stories of the runaway slaves, the j ? poisonous atmosphere^ and the unfortunate j ? .rattle had filled my mind with a horror of | I tiie place which to this day I have never j I been able to shake off. i I My first recollection of it was the time I one of the men came running Li from the ? field, panting with fear and declaring I that something like ?& big black shadow I liad run out out of the swamp and chased I him home. I The ' something ' proved to be Crazy I lick, an old slave who had disappeared months before and was supposed to be dead somewhere in the impenetrable depths of the Dismal Swamp. He had, indeed, been there all the while, living upon the 'svild plums and berries which grew in profusion. He returned to Ms hiding place and died there, his dead body having been discovered by seeing the buzzards cir cling about it on the farther bank of the lagoon. ' Literally torn to pieces by the witches,' they said in the cabins of the superstitious blacks, who repudiated the existence of the briers for the more thrilling idea of witches.' From that time forward the ghost of Crazy Dick was said to wander about the swamp, and could be seen almost any tight, ' all in ?white,' crossing the lagoon and the rice field and coming on across the lawn to the graveyaid, where he disap peared 'just at daylight,' in his osra grave in the far corner of the lot ' over todes the great house.' The story was told until it was believed by every negro in the plantation, and when at last the overseer himself, returning from the quar ters after midnight, where he had been to Ieit up with a sick slave, declared that he had with his own eyes seen the ghost, there was something of a panic in and about Graysville. I was a girl then of about 17 years of age, and my terror of the swamp became so intense that I would stop my ears and leave the room at the bare mention of the place. It preyed upon my thoughts day and night. At night my dreams were full of it. , I had wandered along all these mysterious depths, trampled upon the nest of the copperhead and adder, breathed the soft perfume of the wild magnolia, and brushed aside, as it trailed against my forehead, the rank, red blossoms of the poisonous oak and the deadly ivy. In my dreams I had dipped my feet into the sleek, still waters of the lagoon, and followed the path, made by the ghost of Crazy Dick across the rice field and the family graveyard and lost myself in the depths of its dull, dense shadows. I would wake at sunrise, nervous ' and feverish, and as weary as if I had indeed made the horrible journey. And even t!i*-n T would r.rp«r» nndpr the bedflnTam and try to forget the horrors of my dream. I grew thin and pale and nervous. All the gold in Louisiana could not tempt me near the Dismal Swamp. My terror in creased as I night after night roamed through its terrible tangle' of vine and briar in my dreams. ? ;. One morning the very climax of wonder was reached when my father, returning home just before day from a meeting of the rice planters at a village some Id miles distant, himself encountered the Graysville ghost; returning from its midnight ramble through the Dismal «Swamp. It was only half visible in the uncertain light, but 6 till distinct enough for him to distinguish a supple, -willowy something { clad in white and moving without noise— '; almost without motion, he thought— to- : ward the dismal shadows of the Grays ville graveyard. Then it disappeared as usual. Strange to say, while my father was re hearsing the story at the breakfast table I seemed to have known it all, and before he had left off I felt sure I could have gone on with it myself. This was due, doubtless, to the fact, as I thought, of my having visited the Bwamp so often in my dreams. The same day my mother came to me with instructions not to visit, in my daily rambles over the plantation, certain low sections where I was fond of going for the wild blossoms and ripe fruit. I could not understand the restrictions, and said so very freely. She then showed me the boots I had -worn — ;as she supposed — the day before in my rambles. ' But I did not go out yesterday,' I ex claimed, no little astonished at the sad condition of my rubber walking- boots, so necessary for the low, moist Louisiana lands. ' They were found at your door this morning,' «he told me, ' where you usually place them to be cleaned.' It 'vras odd, to be sure, and for many weeks remained to me an enigma. My mother I was sure believed I was telling her a deliberate falsehood, inasmuch as the very next morning the boots -were found in the same place and in precisely the same condition. At length my mother removed, the boots to her own closet, and locking the door put the key in her pocket, saying as she did so, ' Now we will see who it is that's in the habit of wearing your sheos. No body knows where the key of the cloBet door is hid except yourself, Elsa.' I must explain that by this time, owing to my vehement denial as to having worn the boots, suspicion had fallen upon Louise, my mother's housemaid, a quadroon gill about my own size and age. That night my dreams were terrible — the boots played no inconsiderate part in my nervous and excited fancies. First I imagined that I must have them, and in order to get them it was necessary to obtain the closet key bidden in the pocket of my mother's blue chintz gown that always hung at night upon a chair immediately behind her bed. I dreamed that I had Been her forget to fasten the door leading into her bedroom, and that I arose, and tiptoeing across the hall, went down the stair3, and sure enough found the door unfastened. I went in, and groping in the darkness, found the blue chintz, removed the key and with the utmost ease found and fitted it in the closet j door. I found the boots full as easily, j locked the door, returned the key to its place and went out as noiselessly as I had entered. I sat down upon the doorstep in the moonlight, drew the shoes upon my bare feet and started out as rapidly as I knew I how toward the graveyard, across the rice field, through the white- looking lagoon j and into the horrid shades of the Dismal ! Swamp. All night long in my dreams I xollowed the wild birds or fled from the hiss of the serpents which made their home in the deadly morasB. The plover, startled from its nest, brushed by me with a shriek, and once I fancied a long serpent swung from a. swamp willow and planted its fangs in my cheeks. But when I put out my hand to brush it aside I found that a branch of trumpet vine had swept across my face, the rich, red blossoms dropping the dew from their cups into my lips, which were parched and dry. I was not in the least frightened, but plunged on deeper and deeper into the vast wilder ness. Once I heard the bloodhounds bay ing, and knew they were on the track of eome runaway slave who had fled to the protecting jungles of the Dismal Swamp. At last I grew weary and turned home ward. I crossed the lagoon, lying still and white in the gray dawn, and traversed again the ricefield and the lonely path across the graveyard ; then I eat down upon the doorstep and. removed my long boots, carrying them up to my door, where I left them for Louise to have cleaned. Then I crept to hed and remembered nothing more until uoon, when I awoke to .find my mother bending over me with heavy, troubled eyes, as I had seen her many a time when some of us were ill. I yawned wearily. ' Mother,' I said, ' I went through the Dismal Swamp again in my dreams last night.' ' And the Graysville ghost was seen again last night,' she replied, hesitatingly, as if afraid to tell me. ' Who saw itthie time ?' I asked, « i» 'Mother!' I sat up in bed, startled and pale with a great fear. I brushed my hand across my temples to make my thoughts clear. And as I did so I felt a long, deep cut upon my cheek. ' Mother !' I tried to say. ' Mother !' And throwing of£ the bed covers I sprang ou t upon the flcor. My long nightdress was spattered and dragged with mire ; my knees were torn and bleeding. Cockle burrs and marsh mosses were clinging to my hair, but my feet were white and clean. Instantly I understood it all, and fell with a shriek into my mother's arms. I was the Graysville ghost, and I vras the somnambulist who had night after night plunged deeper and deeper into the jungles of the Dismal Swamp. They followed my tracks as far as they dared penetrate into that deep morass. How I did it is a mystery, but certain it is that, asleep, I had waded alone through, the deadly swamp which even in the day I shuddered to think of. 