THE FEATHER-WEIGHT CHAMPIONSHIP. GRIFFO v. MICK M'CARTHY. A Game But One-sided Battle. M'Carthy Beaten All Through— Griffo as Good as Ever— M'Carthy Beaten in Four Rounds— Bnrge and Griffo Matched. AIick M'Carthy, the feather-weight boxer, must have felt last night as if ho bad struck a cyclone. He undertook on that occasion to unsettle Griffo from tho championship porch, but reckoned without his host, and for four rounds waB knocked here, there, and everywhere like a cork in a whirlpool. virttto displayed extraordinary quickness of limb and eye, and fought M'Carthy with great vim, the latter not having the ghost of a show, and acknowledging defeat in the fourth round. The contest created quite a stir in the eity, nud outside the Olympic Club, Castlereagh-street, a large crowd collected long before the adver tised time of opening, which congregation increased continually, till at last the foot paths on either side of tho street and the toad itself were completely blocked. Inside the hall tho crush was just ub great, every seat being occupied. , Griffo was a strong favorite, and every body felt so sure what tho result would be that no betting at all was indulged in. _ After Borne very good preliminarry spar ring the parties to the event of the evening took their corners. Griffo, wrapped, in an overcoat, was first, aDd lie went to his corner jauntily. He did not want for attendants, Jack Bateman, Jack Fuller, Jack Hannaford (trainer) and the lattei's brother being in his wake. Hundreds of eyes wet e riveted on the feather-weight champion as he pooled off his overcoat and fixed himself in his chair. When M'Carthy a minute later hopped into the ring the spectators cheered him enthusiastically. Mick looked well trained, but try as ho would he could not conceal the nervousness that he felt. Ho was seconded by Tom Taylot and Paddy Woods (trainer). While M'Carthy was Bitting in his chair Griffo came over and offered hint some resin for his shoes, M'Carthy grinning' at, the courtesy, while the spectators applauded. Some delay occurred in connection 'with the gloves, and moanwhile Griffo sat with his hands resting on tho ropes, singling out acquaintances in tho hall and bestowing winks and smiles all round. The gloves were at last fixed on the hands of the men, and Air. Georgo Scale, the referee, then de clared tho v, 'eights M'Carthy, Sst. lS.jlb., and Griffo, Sst. 13Jlb. The referee warned the men against using the La Blanche hit. Hound I. — As they sparred up McCarthy W'as seen to be the taller and longer li.mbed, but Griffo made np for this by his powerful and compact huilrl. The men shifted about, eyeing each other, M'Carthy looking decidedly nervous, and at last he edged away from Griffo. The champion saw his opportunity and made a vicious charge, planting a series of blows on the body. Ho renewed the attack again and again, Al'Carthy's hitting being all astray, Gritio either guarding or ducking under the blows aimed at him. About a minute from the beginning of the round Griffo bored close in to M'Carthy, and swinging his right with wonderful quick ness he smote Mick on the jaw, and sent him down to the boards rattled and. dazed. M'Carthy took his timo allowance pen sively, and on rising Griffo went at him again like a tiger. Al'Carthy could not withstand the fury of the on slaught, and ducked and,. .clinched to avoid the torrent of blows that fell on him. Griffo put in some hard rib-benders, and these had the effect of doubling M'Carthy upl M'Carthy strove hard to turn the tide of defeat which had set in with such a vengeance, but he was completely outclassed, and could do nothing with his clever antago nist, who danced away before his attacks, and then gliding in like a panther got all over the unfortunate Mick. Mick was punished about the face a good deal, his left eye being considerably disarranged by a heavy right hander. When "corners" sounded M'Carthy looked all over a beaten man. Griffo, so far, had not been touched once. Round 2.— Al'Carthy, amidst a din of excitement, forced the fighting, and tried desperately to touch the vital spot. He altogether failed, however, the left-hand hooks and right-hand swings and upper- cuts cither spending thcmsclveB in the air or being knocked aside by Griflo's arms. Griffo soon resumed the aggressive, and put in somo forcible left-handers on Aliek's body. Mick retreated, and round and round the ring Griffo chased him, keeping up a running fire. M'Carthy at last turned again, hut as he eamo in Griffo shot out iiis left three times in succession, each blow landing with a thud on Al'Carthy's face. Al'Carthy's coun tenance cortainly began to look the worse for wear, and overy time he presented him self full face to the spectators tho sight aroused tho merrimput of a good many. M'Carthy was not felled in this round, but he was frequently sent back with staggering blows. He displayed great courage fighting against terrible odds, but trying from firat to last. Round 3. — Griffo began to plant some piston-rod rights on to Aliek's ribs, and the latter felt thorn too. A right in the jaw all but sent M'Carthy down, but recovering he went at Griffo like a madman, only to meet with a cruel fire from Grifi'o's guns. Al'Carthy responded gamely, but had no show whatever, and Griffo planted his blows anywhere he pleased. M'Carthy retired to his ohair, looking badly used up, and the general opinion was that ho should deem discretion the hotter part of valor and acknowledge himself outclassed. Round 4 and Last. — M'Carthy came up looking fresh and evidently determined to fight to the bitter end. He could not, how-, ever, keep clear of dangor, and Griffo bom barded him unmercifully. M'Carthy mado somo wild attempts to reach the champion's jaw, but such blows were thrown away. A sudden right - hander on tho chin mado Mick seo more stars, and later on ono in the same locality dropped him. He took his lOsec., and got up to all intents and purposes a bcaton man. He clinched and hung on to Griffo to save himself, but to no end. Ho was at last sent to tho boards again, and on resuming fought weakly but with extraordinary courage. Griffo shook him almost to pieces with body blowB, and then M'Carthy got in his first blow, a vicious right-hander, .which landed on tho side of the face, but Griffo waded in as if ho had not felt it. He made things fearfully warm for poor M'Carthy, who was a third tiino knocked off his logs. He got up looking like the cele brated caricature "Slugged out," butlie still had some fight left in him, and faced Griffo gamely, as tho latter triod impetuouslyfar tho ubsolnte knock-out. " Corners " rang out wnen M Uartny nau a do ut roaencu ttio end of his tether, and on roaching his corner ho expressed himself as having had enough. Tho sponge was accordingly thrown up, amidBt a most unusual scene of excitement on the part of those in tho hall. Griffo for 10 minutes afterwards did nothing but shako hands with congratulators. M'Carthy acknowledged, without re serve, that ho had met a hotter man. He had tried his hardest and had failed. He felt weak at tho beginning, having in the morning discovered himself to bo over weight (O.st. ), which mado it noeessary for him to work 21b. off. This made him feel stale. He would, however, have hud no better luck had this not occurred. Griffo was immediately afterwards chal lenged by " tho Iron Man," "Jim Burge, to fight at 9st. for the championship and £200 a side, and ho accepted. This fight will occur in fivo weeks time. 