"Past, present, future." -» SYDNEY, SATURDAY, APRIL 2, 1892. npHE crimes for -which, the man calling himself SWANSTON, but ' who is pre- sumed to be DEEMING, alias WILLIAMS, is in custody, have stirred the world from one end to the other. Naturally, however, interest is most intense in Australia and in England, the oountries in which the crimes were committed. Telegrams from Great Britain show that the . press there without exception is publishing in full everything connected with the murders, and the Australian public demands, will have, and is getting the same. Such ab- sorbing interest is not astonishing. The cold-blooded premeditation of the crimes, the butcherly manner of carrying . thein out, and the manner ' adopted for ; their concealment are unique in the history, of such offences. Amidst all, however, that has been said and written concerning the murders of which SWANSTON is accused, there seems to be a consensus of opinion on one, point which does not appear justified. And this is that DEEMING, alias WILLIAMS, alias SWANSTON, has " displayed extraordinary cleverness in avoiding detection through- out his career of crime. No doubt this notion arises from the fact that but for the discovery of EMILY MATHER'S body in the house at Windsor the chances are that nothing would have been discovered of the murders for an indefinite time. In reality I the only facts which worked in DEEMING's favor and against his speedy detection were that aa a skilled . workman he was able to conceal the bodies of his victims in a manner which left no trace for the human eye, in places the least likely to be suspected, and in circumstances, so far aB the Windsor murder was con- cerned, favorable to the concealment of * crime. But that is all. It is evident that the English police bungled a good deal, or rather went to sleep a good deal, or a mother and four children should not have been permitted to disappear without in- quiry. And had DEEMING used quicklime at Windsor no offensive smell would have led to the discovery of EMILT MATHER'S body. But having committed the crimes in both England and Victoria, his after proceedings showed no great amount of criminal cleverness. In England he left a really red hot trail which the smallest inquiry, if made, must have found and followed up. And, admitting the rapidity with which,' his crime once dis- covered, he was tracked in Australia, it must also be admitted that he gave the police plenty of facilities for tracking him. If he be found guilty of the offence charged against him, then he will have to thank his blatancy and bounce and osten- tation for his conviction. The Australian police, directly the discpvery of EMILY MATHER'S body was made, did their duty most admirably, but WILLIAMS, had he boen a less swaggering criminal, might have left them a much more difficult task than that they liad to perform. THE jury ia the Rainhill inquest has, after returning a verdict of " wilful mur- der " against Deeming, expressed surprise that his movements at BaiuhiN did not excite the sus- picion of the police. This seems to be a rider with which everyone will agree. When there are heard reflections on the police throughout the country here, and there has been no little criticism 'even in connection with Deeming's successful arrest, it will be well to remember what took place at Rainhill. The only way that the police on the scene of the English murders have distinguished themselves is by one of them recently thinking he a heard ghost in Deeming's former habitation j and rushing panic stricken to inform his comrades. The Rainhill police might adopt the gendarmes' chorus from Geneviève de Brabant. ' Wo'or guardians bold, though wary, Of ourselves we take great caro ; Of our precious lives we'J e chary, When danmor looms we're never near. THE late Sir Morell Mackenzie wrote in a Lon- don magazine the following, .advice to smokers : " I would say to anyone who finds total ab- stinence too heroic a stretch of virtue, let him smoke only after a substantial meal, and if he be singer or a speaker let hirado so after and never before using the voice; let him smoke a mild Havannah or a long-stemmed pipe charged with some cool smoking tobacco. If the charms of the cigarette are irresistible, let it be smoked through a mouthpiece which is kept clean with ultra Mohammedan strictness. , Let him refrain from smoking pipe, cigar, or cigarette to the bitter, and, it may be added, rank and oily end. Let him be strictly modérate in indulgence and he will get all the good effect of the soothing plant without the bane which lurks in it when used to excesB." Sir Morell himself, it may be remarked, smoked for some trifling throat complaint medicated cigarettes of a disagreeable odor. Perhaps for this reason he was hardly an unprejudiced j authority upon the soothing weed. WALT Whitman, whose death has just been an- nounced, was one of those poetic oracles whom the great majority of readers have never been able to understand. That it was simply their misfortune every admirer of the poet would, no doubt, unhesitatingly assert. Such an unsympathetic attitude could not, however^ be attributed, as in the case of many puzzled students of other poetic celebrities of the age, to the fact that the man's writings were literally unintelligible, and baffled all ordinary efforts to get at their meaning. In that respect Walt Whitman was usually plain enough-very often, indeed, rather too much so. The objections which suggested themselves to the sceptical in regard of Whitman were of a different kind. They were finally apt to take the shape of a profound conviction that Whitman was merely pouring out something that in no real sense was what it professed to be at all, but Fustian so sublimely bael, It was not poetry but prose run mad. That by a considerable . circle of enthusiasts Whitman has been hailed as the most authentic and original . singer America has produced is of course well known. They say that , once his peculiarities o utterance can be got over the, grandeur of his thoughts cannot fail to impress, and that, for ears which have been duly attuned to him, he is even full of wonderful music. This may possibly be true, but if so the acceptance of what in the cant of the time would be called Walt Whitman's "message," would to a very great.extent involve a renunciation of one's faith in the poetic gospel as delivered by most of the really genuine poets who have gone before him. 