€ntntb& Theatre. Cyclorama. Condolence boom. I-ast day of Circus. " The Nightmare." Two Cardinals gone. N<; ;-.t.i'.<: oi*.hool fees. Cardinal Hhneoni dead. Another '/arJinal dead. Iiotunda concert to-night. Electoral barney to-night. Cable Companies' harvest. Deputation craze on again. Free education jn Monday. Another old Cardinal gone. South, wi.-ek's run, 3,789 oz. Two Card inals' hats vacant. British, week's run 4,532 oz. A real ghost story on page 2. Norwood v. North Adelaide. Central, week's run, 23,175 oz. J«n' l ion, week's run, 7,419 oz. Uiuouiarsh v. South Adelaide. Block 10, week's run, 77,203 oz. Jlioek 34, week's run, 53,007 oz. Central—Week's run, 28,175oz. Badgering and baiting to- night. Baromeiei at noon to-day, 23"37. Sixpenny fares to Glenelg to-day. Archbishop Reynolds has be^-n ill. Big muster of clergy next Tuesday. Proprietary, week's run, 180,003 oz. New story by Mark Twain on page 2. Requiem mass for Cardinal Manning. Boom in crape and black cloth bands. The American Claimant" on page 2. Princess Mary now ill—grief-stricken. Prince George reported to.be engaged. Get yoiir Sunday beer in time to-night, Petersburg Justices want looking after. Sir John Bray to be serenaded to- night. Weeding-out of Northern J. P. ,8 wanted. Candidate Fowler on the stump to-nighfe. "Dead March" in th» Churches to-morrow. Gross ease of miscarriage of justice at Petersburg. ITirst cargo of new wheat cleared out at the Port. Pathetic telegrams about the R^yal bereavement. Enouragemcnt of sly grog- selling bv Northern J.P.,s. Sunday beer only to be taken when well shaken. Schoolchildren'* holidays over; parents pleased. No good " travelling" eastward for nips tomorrow. Civil servants, hurry np with your black-' armlets ! A lo 1 . of changes among the public schoolteachers. The World's Pressmen condole with the bereaved. Licensed vies, to support old M.P. for East Adelaide. Young John Darling elected Director of the big mine. Supposed intending levanter twice beforethe Beak. A few notes on the Sydney Cricket Match on page 0. Pubs in eastern suburbs to be strictly closed to-morrow. Object lesson in intense culture at Findoa yesterday. Grand Old Man John Colton congratulated yesterday. Roll up with your subs, for C-olonel Light's monument I Sixpenny fares to Glenelg, Port, and the Semaphore, Last of Tommy Rough's holidays. Lessons en Monday. Glenelg Railway Director now cutting their wisdom teeth. PatT ii.ud Mater—specially Mater—glad holidays over. Agent-General John's last garden party this afternoon. Grief has almost demented the poor Princess. Mary of Teck. State dominies busy Monday morning with, young Australia. Rearrangements in Education Department amongst teachers. Icebergs not yet melted down ; upsetting Toddlekin's forecasts. Princess Mary is of " a singularly loveable and sweet character." Cardinal Sinieoni was a personal friend ot Archbishop Reynolds. Mr. John Dunn intends to worthily celebrate his HOth birthday. Rev. George Hall, Anglican clergyman of Gynipie, dead in London. Rev. J. Howell Jones, late of Adelaide, highly praised in England. Town Clerk Worsnop in full feather yesterday over that long "cable." An odd time to announce the reported engagement of Prince George. Now then, Mr. Darling, hurry along the solution of this water question. Isn't it a bit of a blind'for publicans to talk about strictly closing Sundays ? " Princess Mary is the ideal of what a young English gentlewoman should be." Prince Albert's features were growing more aud more like those of his mother. An interesting notice of the life and work of the late Cardinal Manning on page C. Sun rose at 5.7 a.m.; sets at 7.14 p.m. Moon set at 6.37 a.m.; rises a.t 9.5 p.m. Solemn dirge and requiem Mass at St. Francis Xavier's Cathed ial next Tuesday. Reported murder of Mr. Channing by natives not correct; only broken spear in l^g. Mr. Darling, jun., the Adelaide nominee,, was elected at the Broken Hill Proprietary meeting. From all the bother, one would think it wag the Churches and not the hotels to be closed oa Sundays. " 111 wind that blows nobody good " aa Bobby says, when going into a pub on Sunday '' on dooty." Eleven persons killed by a steamship explosion on Lake Nyassa. Natives more than ever suspicious of steamers. Why will the new Government Northern Territory Resident not be appointed until Mr. Playford has left for India"> "The Prince's fianc£—the Princess Mary of Teck, to whom he was to have been married next month—appears to be terribly distressed and quite heart-broken." "The mother of the dead Prince (H.R.H. the Princess of Wales), who had been solicitouslfr watching throughout at the deathbed of her eon, whom she tenderly and devotedly nursed, is overwhelmed with grief on account of bis death." "The Princess Mary of Teck, the dead Prince's jianci, appears to be inconsolable on account of his death. She wanders listlessly about from room to room in the palace, and declines to take any food." " Now that Churoh services begin at 7, Mary should have her coming-home time extended, so that she may stay till the sermon is finished." That is a plaintive plea from a disinterested young gentleman. PAX.—What funny names those cow-hiding proprietors of the Far West, fire hundred miles beyond sunset, give to their newspapers. Here's a list. "List, list;. O list":—The Kansas Prairie Dog, Cheyenne County Rustler, Clark County Clipper, The Brick, The Eye, The Broad Axe, Grip, Locomotive, Kansas Cowboy, The Ryansville, Boomer, Hill City Lively Times, Western Cyclone, Conductor, Punch, Cunaron Herald and Kansas Sod House, The Montezuma Chief, Mountain Mouser, Ensign Razzoop, Border. KuHian, the Jayhawker and Palladium, Santa Fe Traill, Comanche Chief and Kiowd Chief, Daily Infant Wonder, The Scout, Alligator.'.Gopher, Wiona, The Hatchet, The l'anatic, The Comet, The Boomerang, The Constitutional Spur, The Hornet, The Wasp, The Pepper Box, Astonisher and Paralyzer, Inkslinkers 1 Advertiser, Grisby City Scorcher, Sunday Growler, Prairie. Owl, Springfield Soap Box, The Whim Wham, The Bazoo, Thomas County Cat and Grit! O, Snakes and Blunderbusses, what a list S 