CHAPTER XVL I '.'Brady arrived with a box, and departed, after saying ' " They're finishing one up, but they'll be . along as soon as it's dona." Barrow took a frameless oil portrait, a foot square, from the box, set it up in a good light, without comment, and reached for another, taking a furtive glance at Tracy meantime. The stony solemnity of Tracy's face remained jb ijj was, and gave out no sign ^ of interest* Barrow placed the second portrait beside the first, ana stole another glanoe while reaohing for the third. The stone image softened a shade. No. 3 forced the ghost of a Bmile^ Ko. '4 swept indifference wholly away, and No. 6 started a laugh, which was still in good and hearty condition when No. 14 took its place in the row. " Oh, you're all right,"said Barrow. " You see you re not past amusement." lhe pictures were fearful as to colour, and atrocious as to drawing and expression; but the feature whioh squelohed animosity and made them funnjr was a feature which \- could not achieve its full force in a single picture, but required the wonder . working ?assistance of repetition. One loudly dresBed mechanic in stately attitude, with his hand on a cannon, ashore, and a ship riding at anchor in the offing-this is merely odd; but vrhen one sees the some cannon and the same ship in fourteen pictures in a row, and a different mechanic standing watch in each, the things get to be funny. " Explain-explain these aberrations," said Tracy. "'Well, they are not the achievement of a ? single intellect, a single talent- it takea_ two to do these miracles. They are collaborations; the one artist does the figure, the other the accessories. The figure-artist is a German shoemaker with an untaught passion for art, the other is a simple-hearted old Yankee sailor-man whose possibilities are strictly limited to his ship, his oannon, and his patch of petrified Bea. They work these things up from twenty-five cent tin types; they get six dollars apiece for them, and tney can grind out a couple a day when they strike what they call a boost-that is an inspiration." " People actually pay money for these calum nies ?" " They actually do-and quite willingly, too. And these abortionists could double their trade and work the women in if Captain Salt marsh could whirl a horse in, or a piano, or a > guitar, in place of his cannon. The fact is, £e fatigues the market with that cannon. Even the male market, I mean. Thesa_ four teen in the procession are not all satisfied. ' One is an old 'independent' fireman, and he wants an engine in place of the cannon; \- another is mate of a tug, and wants a tug in plaos of a "ship-and so on and so on. But the captain can't make a tug that is deceptive, and a fire engine is many flights beyond his power." "This is a most extraordinary form of rob bery, 1 never heard of anything like it. It's \- interesting." " Yes, andfso are the artists. They are per ' fectly honest men, and sincere, and the old sailor man is full of sound religion, and is as \- devoted a student of the Bible, and misquoter as you can find anywhere. I don't know a better man or kinder-hearted old soul than Saltmarsh, although he does swear a little sometimes." "Heseemeto be perfect. I want to know . him, Barrow." "'You'll have the chance. I guess I hear them coming now. We'll draw them out on "their art, if you like." The artists arrived, and shook hands with . great heartiness. TheGermanwas forty and alittle fleshy, with a shiny bald head and a kindly face ana defe rential manner. Captain Saltmarsh was sixty, \- tall, erect, powerfully built, with coal-black ' hair and whiskers, and he had a well- tanned complexion, and a gait and countenance that were full of command, oonfidenoe, and decision. His horny hands and wrists were covered with tattoo marks, and when his lips parted, his \- teeth glowed up white and blemishless. His voice was the effortless deep base of a Church < organ, and would disturb the tranquillity of a gas flame fifty yards away. "There wonderful pioturea," said Barrow. " We've been examining them." " It is very pleasant dot you like dem," said Handel, the German, greatly pleased, " Ond you,| Herr Tracy, you haf peen bleased mit dem too, alretty!" *'I can honestly say I have never seen any thing just like them before." "Sotaon," cried the German, delighted. " You hear, captain ? Here is a chentleman, yes, vot abbreciate unser aart." The captain was charmed and said "Well, sir, we're thankful for a compliment yet, though they're nat as scaroe now as they used to be before we made a reputation." "Getting the reputation is the uphill time in most things, captain." " It's so. It ain't enough to know how to reef a. gasket, you've got to make the mate know you know it. That's reputation. The . gqod word, said at the right time, that's the word that makes us; and evil be to him that evil thinks, as Isaiah says." " It's very relevant, and hits the point exactly," sfcid Tracy. "Wheredid you study art, captain?" "I haven't studied ; it's a natural Rift." " He is born mit doae cannon in him. He tondt haf to do noding; his chenius do all de vorlc. Of he is asleep, and take a pencil in his hand, out come a cannon. P.v orasus, of he ' could do a clavier, of he could do a guitar, of he could do a vashtub, it is a fortune, heiliger Yohanniss: it is .voost a fortune." " Well, it is an immense pity that the busi ' ness is hindered and limited iu thisunfortunata ' w?y*" The captain grew a trifle excited himself \- now. "You've said it, Mr. Traoy. Hindered? Well, I should say so. Why, look here. This ? fellow here. No. 11 he s a hackman-a flourishing hackman, I may say. He wants his hack in this picture. Wants it where the \- cannon iB. I get around that difficulty by telling him the cannon'6 our trademark, so to speak-proves that the picture's our work, and I was afraid if we left it out people wouldn't know for certain if it was a Saitmarsh-Handel -now you wouldn't yourself" What, captain? You wrong yourself, in deed you do. Any one who has once seen a genuine Saltmarah-Handel is safo from impos ture for ever. Strip it, flay it, skin it out of . every detail but the bare colour and expression, and' that mail will still reoognise it, still stop to worship." . " Oh, how <it make me feel to hear dose ex pressions'-he still says to himself again as ' he has said a hundred times before; the \--art of" the Saitmarsh-Handel is an art apart, there is nothing in the heavens above or in the earth beneath that resembles it"; " Py chiminy, nur horen Sie einmal. In my lifeday haf I never heard so brecious worts." "So I talked him out of the hack, Mr. Tracy, and be let up on that, and said put a hearse, then-because he's chief mate of a hoarse, but don't own it- stands a watoh for trages, you know. But I can't do a hearse any more than I can a hack, so here we are-be calmed, you see. And it's the same with women and such. They come and they want a littln johnry picture" "It's tbe accessories that make it a genre ?" "Yes, cannon or cat, or any little thing like that, that yo'u lieave In to whoop up the effect. We could do a prodigious trade with -the women if we ooula foreground the things they like, but they don't give a curse for artillery. Mine's the lack," oontanued the captain, with a sigh. "Andy's end of the business is all right. I tell you he's an artist from waybaok 1" "Yooat hear dot old man! He always talk 'poud mo like dot," purred the pleased German. "Like at his work yonrself !? Fourteen por traits in a row. And no two of them alike." " Now that you speak of it, it is true; I hadn't noticed it before. It is vety remark able. Unique, I suppose." "I should Bay so. That's the veiy thing about Andy-he discriminates. Discrimina tion is the thief of time-forty-ninth Psalm; but that ain't any matter, it's the honest thing, and it pays in the end." "Yes, he certainly is great_ in that feature, one is obliged to admit it; but now mind, I'm not really criticising-don't you think he is just a trifle over- strong in technique?" The captain's face was knocked expression less by this remark. It remained quite vaoant while he muttered to himself, "technique technique- polyteohnique -pyro-technique that's it, likely-fireworks-too much colour.' Then he spoke up with serenity and confi dence, and said, " Well, yes, he does pile it on pretty loud, but they all like it, you know- fact is, it's the life of the business. Take that No. 9 there, Evans the butcher. He drops into the studio as sober-coloured as anything you ever see; now look at him. You can t tell him 'from scarlet fever. Well, it pleaseB that butcher to death. I'm making a study of a sausage wreath to hand on the cannon and I don't really reckon I can do it right, but if we can, we can break the butcher." " Unquestionably your confederate-I mean your-your fellow oraftsman-is a great colourist" "Oh, danke, Bchon!" "In fact, a quite extraordinary colourist; a colourist, I make bold to say, without imitator here or abroad-and with a most bold and effective touch, a touoh like a battering ram, and a manner so peculiar and romantio, and extraneous, and ad libitum, and heart-search ing, that-that-he-he-is an impressionist, I presume?" "No," said the captain simply, "he is a Presbyterian." "It accounts for it all-all-there's some thing divine about his art-soulful, unsatisfac tory, yearning, dim-hearkening on the void horizon, vague murmuring to the spirit out of ultra-marine, distances and far-sounding cata clysms of uncreated space-oh, if he has ever tried distemper?" The captain answered up with energy, "Not if he knows himself! But his dog has, and" "Oh, no, it was not my dog." "Why you said it was your dog." " Oh, no, captain, I" "It was a white dog, wasn't it, with his tail docked, and one ear gone, and" "Dot's him! Dot's him!-der ferry dog. Why, by Ghor^e, dot dog he vould eat baint yoost de same like" " Well, never mind that now-'vast heaving -I never saw such a man. You start him_ on that dog and he'd dispute a year. Blamed if I haven't seen him keep it up a level two hours and a half." "Why, Captain," said Barrow, "I guess that must be hearsay." _ , "No, sir, no hearsay about it-he disputed with me." " I don't see how you stood it. "Oh, you've got to if you run with Andy; but it's the only fault he's got." "Ain't you afraid of acquiring it?' "Oh, no," said the captain tranquilly, no danger of that, I reckon." The artiBts presently took their leave. Then Barrow put his hand on Tracy's shoulder and said, "Look me in the eye, my boy. Steady, steady. There, it is just as I thought, hoped, any way; you're all right, thank goodness. Nothing the matter with your mind, but don't do that again for even fun; it isn't wise. They wouldn't have believed you if you'd been an Earl's son. Why, they couldn't, don't you know that? Whatever possessed yau to ask such a freak? But never mind about that, let's not talk of it. It was a mistake; you see that yourself " Yes-it toas a mistake." " Well, just drop it out of your mind, it's no harm; we all make them. Pull your courage together and don't brood and don't give up. I'm at your back, and we'll xiull through, don t you be afraid." When he was gone Barrow walked the floor a good while, uneaBy in his mind. Ho said to himself," I'm troubled about him. _ He never would have made a break like that if he hadn't been a little off his balance. But I know what being out of work and no prospect ahead oan do for a man. First it knocks the pluck out of him and drags his pride in the dirt; worry does the rest, and his mind gets shaky. I must talk to those people. No-if there's any humanity in them- and there is, at bottom they'll bo easier on him if they think his trouble has disturbed his reason. But I've got to find him some work; work's the only medi cine for his disease. Poor devil! away off here, and not a friend." 