BOB MARTIN'S LITTLE CIRL vA A Noveii .. , ' DAVID CHRISTIE MURRAY, ' " 1 Autiioii ok Joseph's Coat, Aunt IUohil, Rainbow Gold, &«., Ac., A o. . All, Rights Reserved. Chapter XXXI.— Continued). The boat was rolling anil plunging, and to bo sure of his foothold whilst standing still, Goorgo was compelled- to loan forward and olutoh tlio rail by Hotheridgo's shoulder, so that tlio liuslcv voica breathed almost in his oar. Ho gazed at the man with keen inquiry, but expression is hard to read, mid to Hethoridge's guilty and prooaoupied thought the glaueo carried a atom and unrelenting aoousatiou. " Whore did you boo mo last ?" ho askod. He was bending forward so that tbo two fnooe almost met. " I saw you last at Richmond, Hethcridgo answered. "Fur God's sake, George, hnvemeroy. It's a long timo ago now. It's quito a long timo ago." Horofortha first time, suspleion of the truth, or rathor suspicion of a more fraction of the truth, shot into Redwood's mind. Ho kuow now tlio naturo of disguise his father's murdoror had nBsumod at Upnor years ago. Tlio parnlytia gait, tlio beard, tliu tinted glasses, lie know, too, that his mother had rocognisod Ilothoridgn by tlio resomblanoo to tlio disguised figure into wliioli lie bad fallen, by reason of Ills long illness. " Toll me your nsmo, he said, between his tcctb« " John Hotliorldgo," the strioken wrotoli res- pomlod. To have tho unspcakablo villain thoro, undor bis hand, to liavo tho power to yiold him to justice, to havo vengeance for bis fathor'e death, and payment for tho misorles of his own torn hoart within bis grasp, and yet to know that ho was bound In snored honor to do nothing, bred sualt n tumult in his soul, as was well nigh unendurable. Wliotbcr tbo mad man who mis took the living son for tlio dead father's wraith, or tbo eon, bimsolf, with all bis wrongs and hatred's thronging on him, suffered tho more, It would bo hard to say. Redwood felt that if be lingered near the mouator, tlio mero, physical temptation which beset mm to soizo liirn by tho thront and to shako ont the mlanrablo' remnant of his life, would grow too strong to be resisted. Ho turned away and staggered across tho rolling deck, staring blindly at tlio billows as thoy rolled up to meet the cleaving bows. Inaotion was not to bo ondurod. Ho began to paoo upand down again on the wot and slippery dock, Tlio roaring wind and driving spray had sentevory- body but himself and Hotboridgo to shelter, llotlicrldgo sat holplcss, and Redwood plouglioiV and stumbled to and fro with his whole mind in a forinont of lovo, and agony, and revenge. But thoro w»b nothing to be douo, ho was bonnd to contain bimsolf and to keep eilonco. As iio mastcrod his amotions his thoughts grow oloaror and another part of tho truth bocame manifest to him. It was evident that Hotheridgo's mind was quito unlilngod in one particular, and that ho took George Redwood for his lather. George was fully awnro of the sur prising likensss he presented. Sir Kustaco hail emphuised it quite reosntly, and he himself had arrived at the fact that Hethoridge's perturbed fftucy hail momentarily mistaken his solid prcscno for his father's appnritiou. Ho saw that that uolmion had now tnkon fixed podseision of tho murderer's mind. 'Tlio boat readied Ostend, and during tlio delay thoru for lunohoon, mid examination of baggago at tlio Douane, Redwood psccd tho platform without cessation, whilst Hethcridgo, from a scat in front of the refreshment room, watahed his every motion as it fascinated. Uo was under a compulsion to follow his victim's movements, to notion every gesture, and to strivo to road n"y expression of his face. Vaguely ho asked himself In his booloudod mind if his victim had died in mortal sin that ho lived uow In such Inquietude. Wore they aompaulons for eter nity t When at lost tho train started, Ilothoridge, still under the aamo resistless compulsion, fol lowed Redwood into tho oarriago ha had ohoson ; tho young man had thrown himself into a Boat and stared gloomily out of tho further window with Ills book turned towards tho enrringe door. He kept that attitude for a long time, nnd it was not until thoy wore miles upon their journey that he turned nnd saw his ouemy still near him. All tho venom of his naturo stirred at tlio sight of him, and to brentho the samo air was a tor ture, At the first stopping plaao ho dashed from the carriage and cntorcd another com partment. Hethoridge's nearness still tor mented him, but less exigontly than before. It ocourred to him suddonly that lie had seen tho tiokot for Antwerp nt Dovor town stntion, nnd that by soma oversight on tlio part of the officials, Hethcridgo had boon allowed to tnko the wrong train. Ono more his guuss hit very uonr the truth, and ho surmised that his pre- sonco had a sort of fascination whioh tho other found it diffioult, if not impossible, to resist. The train'mid-way was onfiladedby tlio guard who, climbing along tbo marchcpicd, entered oaoii carriage in turn with Ids brisk anil civil Vol billets, si'l vous plait, messieurs /" Indue turn ho lighted upon Hotlieridgo, who produced a tiokot for Antwerp. " M'sieu a fait crreur," said tlio guard "It se tro live Jans la train pour Ilruxctlcs et pas pour Anvers. "Alors," replied Hotlieridgo. "Ilfautque vous payee la difference, it mon peril de tempi aussi. Je nesuis pas charyi d'inspeeter de billets, mot." Ho was only mad— "Nor", nor'-west." Where money was conoeruod lie oould still toll a hawk from n homshaw. The guard saw tlio matter in a somewhat different light, aud smilingly com promised by a promiso of n free return to Antwerp. As a more mnttor of faot, Antwerp and Brussois were one to tho fngitivo. If lie wore diaonvered to have taken a ticket for Antwerp, ho could naturally bo sought in that oity, and then all traao of him would bo lost for the mornont In tlio prosonoo ol his ghost theso things matterod little, and in the Station du Now, of tho Belgium capital, tho ghost was book again. ltodwood had been revolving certain things in his mind, nnd bad dooidod to bottom tbo mystery, which for so many yoars had boon un fathomable. He recognised bis own power over Hethcridge, and determined to put it to employ ment. , 'When he appeared on tlio platform he saw nt ones that tlio fascination he oxoited had un- dergono no abatement, Hotheridgo's eyes still held him, and his tottering footsteps followed him. Ho expressed liis desire to break tho journey and to stay in Brussels for tho night, aud having aeon to tho unloading of liia baggage, ho turned to Hethcridge. "Oomo with mo." Ho was oboyod as by a man in a mesmorio trance. Ho saw the wreck into a Jiacre and gavo tlio driver urdors to follow liis own vchiole to tlio Hotel da Suede, In tlio lluo do L'Eveque. Arrived there, ho asked for a privato room, and after a trifling delay, was conducted into an up stairs parlor." " Does monsieur require anything nt present !" asked tho smart ehambor maid. -"ril'I will !give my orders later on," Goorgo answeted/.aod the girl retired. " Sit there," he ooinuiatided Hotlieridgo, pointing to a #|Utir,j "isnd gnawer tho questions I shall put to you.!, J Beitig.oboyeu, bo foil to pacing to and fro, thinking hbur-bast to opon his inquiry. Thoro was a revulsion in his heart against the means housed, but thooase was extraordinary and not to bo dealt with by common methods. "Listen to me," ho said, pausiug suddenly. " It is part of tho punishment ordained to you that you shall toll me ovorything. What motive had you for that cruol murder 1 Ilothoridge tried in vain to nnswer, hut finally stammered out a fow dlsoonnootcd and unmean ing words. " Tell me the motive of your arimc," Redwood repeated, sternly. llotherldge, trembling with superstitious horror, unfolded all his story, ltodwood dragged it from him scrap . by sorep, remorse- loBsly, until at length tlio truth stood revealed ill nakednoss. " I am quito brokon," Hotlieridgo rcsumod at the finish, "quito btaken. I ought to bo a young man still, and look at me. You might bavo mcroy on mo now ; for God's snko, don't liaunt mo nay longer. Havo pity. Let mo dio in peaeo, I shan't he long, I oaa't be long." "If it were not for ono thing," Redwood re sponded, sternly, "I would Imvo you hanged like a dog. If I oould surrender you to tho fate you want without soiling your daughter's name, I would drag you book to England and foroo you to confession." - " No, no, no," soroamed Hothoridge. "Givo mo time. Let mo havo a little time. I must have timo to repent. I must liavo timo to make miy peaeo with Hoavon." "You go soot free," said Redwood. Using unoonsoiously the phrase whioh Hetheridgo had found delightful years ago, and in . whioh had lived so bitter an irony in all his latter timo. "Your child's namo shall not bo despised by any pnblio rumour of your oiimo. Yon are free. Go ; carry your own punishmont with yon to tho grave. If you oan repent, ropout, but let mo 800 you no more." lie oast the door wide open and pointod out to it with a commanding hand. Tho nlijoot misery arose, still olutohiug by instinct tlio proolous hand bag in which nil Ids worldly belongings lay. Ho orawled foobly to tho door, and down tlio Btaiioaso, pausing twico to look baok. Ho disappeared at tlio turning of the stairs, and Redwood, falling on a sofa, hid liis faco in both hands. It aost him an hour or two to rcoovar from tlio agitation into whioh tlio singular intcrvlow hail thrown him. A bath in stinging cold water, and complete olmngo of rniinent seemed necessary to purify him - from tho taint tho : mero physical nearness of his fntlior's murdoror had brought him. Ho had not broken ills fast sinoo lonving London, nnd evon now the food ho tried to swallow Boomed to ohoko him ; but ho managed to cat a little, anil having finished liis pint of wlno, ho put on his hat and gloves and overcoat, Mid walked into tlio streets, 'J'lio wintor night had fallen, but tlio streets wero ahlazo witli light and brisk with many passers to 'and fro. 'Ho had walked hut s miuuto or two, wlion a loud and exoited voice arrested him. Ho looked up, uml found himself in the immcdiato neighborhood of the General l'ost Oilier, and there, with a curious crowd about him, was a burly Englishman, vociferating in volubio but absolutely incomprehensible phrases— French interlarded with English. Redwood recognised tho voieo niuT tho burly shoulders ns belonging to Sir Eustace Wyncomb. Ho dashed across the road, and fouud tho baronet ongagod in wild colloquy with a gendarme, whom he held firmly by both shoulders, and who gasped and stared at him without understanding so much as a single word. " Sir Kustaco !" criod Redwood. " "What is the matter? Cau I bo of service to you ?" " Great hcavott, ltodwood I1' criod tho baronet ; " That you should arrivo at such a momout posses ovorything. I liavo just soon your father's murdoror, the vidian who called himself Audrd Doru. I know him in a socond ; ho was just starting to drive awny in a oab. I dashed nthini, but Uo cried out to tho driver. I hung on tor a minute, but I had a nasty fall at last. I should liavo known him nnywlicro amongst a milHou. I could swear to him. I collared this fellow, tho first policeman I could como across, hut I can't maka him understand. Uo was wild with oxcitemont, nnil uow that hehndtiina toobsorvo him, Redwood saw that lie was mud from head to foot, nnd that ono un gloved hand was bleeding. "Wliero are you staying, Sir EustaooJ" he demanded. "At tho Bello Yuo Hotel," tho bnronct answered. " Let mo oali you a cab," said Redwood. " I will coll upon you in an hour. Bottcr 1 I will go with you and you shall givo mo n full do- sorlptiou of the mail. I will writo it nut in French aud liavo it transmitted from tho police Btatlon here by who to every port and railway station. You are aura of the man?" " Suro ?" coliood Sir EuBtaco. " As sure as I am of my own existence. I tell you I'd swear to him among a million." The crowd stood round wondering and jeer ing. George called a carriage, and tho two were driven away. " Now tell rae what the man was like." Sir Eustace described Hethoridgo to tlio life— bout, paralytio, bearded, the eyes defended by goggle glasses. "He spoke in Fronoh," lie oried, "and I oould swear to ilis voico ns well as to bis looks. Ho knew me, too, tho villain. If I had found him in a Christian country I'd havo bad hiin by tho heels in jail by now." "There lias boon a groat lapsa of timo," George Urged, dosporatoly. "In n mntter of suoli consequence thoro must be no mistake." " Alan aliro !" cried Sir Eustace, with impa tience. " There can bo no mistake. I tell you tho scoundrel know me. Ho got linek into tlio oorner of tho oarriago the second I went for him. I hoard him speak my name undor his breath, and then lie shrieked out like a parrot in his own jargon, and tho fool of a cabman drove on without understanding what I said to him. I tried to opon tho door to got in, hut I'm not so young as I used to ho, and it onuscd me a nasty tumble. I was within an noo of being run over." Tho cab was arrested at the entrance of Sir Eustace's hotel, and George assisted him to alight. "You liavo nothing more to tell mo before I go?" " Nothing more, except that tlio blackguard was woll dressed. Ho wore n sealskin coat tlio liko of whioh I should think it a sinful extrava gance to buy. Now, don't lusc n ininuto, lad, and if you want for manoy come to ma I'd 8ponil a thousand pounds willingly to run that follow down." " I will bo with you in an hour," George an swered, "and in the meantime I will communi- cato with tlio police. Drivo mo." ho culled to the driver, as no ontered the vohiole, "to the Central Station of Felice." "Do you know tho lingo?" tho baronet bawled to him, as tho driver touolicd his horse. " Vcs, yes." iio answered, " wait for mo hero Sir Eustace. Ten minutes later ho was face to faco with the oificor In olinrgo of the Central Station. "Is there a ilotcotive officor in Brussels," he. asked, "who will undertake private business ?" Tho ofHoial answered That there wero several. . " Can you reoommond mo to a disorect anil - oapablo man in whom I can reposo confidence?. Ho may rely on being well paid." Tho officer wrote out an address, Goorgo read it, thanked him for his courtesy and drove away again, ready to spond wit and offort, time nnd money, to nave from justico the ono man in tho whole world whom he had cause to hate. Chapter XXXII. " You are Monsieur Bills ?" " At your sorvioo, sir." "I wish to discover tho whereabouts of' a , person who arrived in Brussels to-day from Os tend." 1 " The parson is still in Brussels ?" " To tho best of my belief. I am recommen ded to you by tho offieor in ohnrgo of tho Central 1'oliao Station. I ahull- havo to rely entirely, upon your silonco.nnd discretion." "They are a part of my stock-in- trade, mon sieur." Redwood drew a hundred frune noto from his packet hook and laid it in the detcotive's liniiil. " That will do to begin with ?" "Amply," said monsieur Buls, slipping the noto into liis wnistcoat pocket. Ho was a llttlo swarthy man, keen as a torrier to look nt, and singularly alert and business liko in manner. , "Monsieur will have the obligingness to givo mo what particulars lie can." Redwood described Hutlicriilgo minutely, and tho dotootlve listened, nodding here and there to signify attention." "Tho gentleman is sufficiently marked," ho. Bald. " Thoro should bo little diffioulty in dis covering him." Ho undertook to set to work at onco, and as ho talked began to nut on an ovoraoat, "I should liko, said Redwood, "to know your news nt tho earliest passible moment, and if I shall not ho in your way, I should prefer to aaoompany you." Monsieur Buls offered no objeotioit to this, and they sot out togotber to the railway station. Thon tuo dotootlve encountered an ally in a . member of tlio regular foiec. This man had noticod Hotlieridgo, und had soon him ontor a rosturant immediately outsido tlio building. . Tho inquirers crossed tlio road, and tlio detcotivo questioned tlio restnurntour. Yes, a gentleman answering- tlio description given hail outored shortly after tho arrival of tho mail train. Ho hail asked for a carafe of cognao, and had consumed a considerable quantity— five peiits verres " And could you toll me in what direotion ha went ? " asked tho doteatlvo. As It lianponod, tlio restaurateur, who was a largo and florid man, with a pompously declamatory mnnnor, could do mora thnu indicato tho direction. His wlduwcd - sister had recently established an hotel in tlio suburbs. Tlio gontlomnn after wham inquiry was being made had appealed to lilm for tlio quiet addreea' of a retired and quiet hotel. Ha had naturally rcoommeudod his sister, and there was sa carte : Madame Nciburt, Hotel Toisoin < for Jlue il'Artcvcldc. - "That, I Bupposo," said Goorgo as lie and the doteotivo emerged together from tho . restaurant, " that I suppose puts an ernl to the Cn,H'niI" said tho detective, smiling and shrug ging Ills shoulders ; "that depends. Has tit® gentleman any reason to suppose that he is bomg followed? " "lie may have," Georgo responded. „ "And will ho bo willing to bo discovered?" -' " Deoidoilly unwilling," Goorgo responded. " In that case," returned Monsieur lluls. " it is very llltcly that our ehaao has ouly just l>e«tuii," , „ ' ' . „ In eltcot it proved so. portion at all answering to Holhoridgo' description had pre sented himself at tho JVsot'n if'or that day. Whether' tho fugitive had simply changed his mind or hud deliberately adopted the 'device with a view to oluouring his trail oould only bo surmised. Tho detectivo inclined to tlio'lnttor supposition, and Gooigo who knew nothing of Hutlicriilgo s urgent foar of pmsuit, loaned to tho former. ' In any case, tho pursuit had now bebostartod on novel lines nttd conducted on an organised plan, '"Monsieur lluls, ' honorably retired from the executive, was on excellent terms witli hts oiil colleagues null was afforded many faoltitics iii the ooiuluot of his craft. A description of Hetheridge was circulated by moans _ of the police wires,' from polnt'to point of tho oity, and this having been dono tho detcotivo sot out to the spot Sir Eustace had indioated to George as tho socno of his oncountor with tho murdorcr. After a good deal of inquiry; one shopman in the neighborhood was found who had witnessed tlm fracas and who know by sight the' driver of the vehicle wliioli Hetheridge had ougaged, 'Tho new ' trail thus discovered was followed with ardor. ' It was followed in vniu for three hours, and at the end of that 'time resulted In a momentary hut deolsive cheek. Tho driver was Biieechlessly intoxicated, and no information of any sort eoiiht possibly ho oxtrnctcd from him hefoie morning. ' ' Goorgo luid perforce to return to Ids hotol, vvliciieo he despatohed a note to Sir Eustace, tel- ltiig'hlm tlio inquiry wns ill 'progress, aud that news would probably reach them on tho morrow. Tlrsie was littlu sleep for him that night; hut whilst he sat nt breakfast next morning Monsieur Bills entoied, smiling and elate. : "Wo have our mail," ho niiuounoed. " lie is stopping nt tho Hotel Continental. He has . given the name of Wulhnorl, and iio professes to be a uegociaitt fmin Cnnnes." "I don't sec how lie1 oiui carry out tliat dis- guise," said George, " for ho is an Englishman, and I liave never known that tie bad any know ledge of French." The detective's countenance fell a little. . ' " He is reported to me as a Frenchman," lis responded, "and as having the 'accent of tho Midi."' ; " l am afraid wb'ro oh the wrong scent," said Redwood.' " AVo must try again." - ' "Von had bettor at lonst seo the man," the detective urged. " In every other pnrtiouiar ha answers absolutely." ' '- George rose at- ouccfrom tho tablo,- and loft his scarcely tasted meal. - In- two or throo inimiles he and tlio detcotivo stood outsido the door of lletlicridgo's bedroom. After a whis pered consultation, he knocked, and a voice lie knew, cried, "A'n trez!" Ho obeyed,' nnd with n motion to his companion to await him in the corridor, he closed tlio door " bohind him. Hotlioridgo looked up nt his cntranco, lilonroyod nnd tremulous. He had disenrded his glasses for the time being, mid sat with a cup; of coffee on his knees and a small roll on tho table before liim. ' ' "You're back again ?" ho quavered. ' \- "Yes," said George. "Ism book again, and I am here with a purpose. . You. must be pre pared instantly to come with me. ' You mast be ready at any moment when I shall call upon you. Your lifo is in danger, and for your ohihl's sake you must escape pursuit. Sir Eustace Wyucomb saw and recognised you last night. Your des cription is alrcadyih the hands of the police, but nobody will suspcotyou to bo, in my charge. You will he safe with mo. Stay here on your peril until I return for you." Evory wind of this ho delivered in n swift and iinpressivo whisper, andnt tho close of it, with a awil'lly termed resolve, lie lcft'tlic room and re- juiiierl. the detective. . "You're riglit, Monsieur Bids," ho said. "That is the innn who reached. Brussels yostcr- dny, but it is not the mail I want, - The mistake was mine, not yours, - My informant was misled by one or two points of striking similarity between this stranger nnd tho nuin I am in seaioli of. May 1 request your acoeptance of this further sum of 100 f., nnd may I oirer my apologies for having empioyed you in - a wild goose chase." . The seoret ngont took the monoy, mndo. his adieux, raised his lint, and was gone, cininonOy satisfied with tho result of his labors. Iio had no reason in the world: for doubting Redwood's bona fides, and dismissed the case from his mind until oiiouiustaiieos reoalled. it ns the strangost surprise ho had experienced in- tlio course of his professional aaroor. > Rodwood felt keenly that it was. an' essential thing for him to appear to bo deoply interested in tho abase. - Iio could not ns yot moke up- his mind as to tho best, menus of securing Iletheridgo from pursuit, but lie was fairly certain that nobody could possibly suspcot him of sheltering the man acottsod of the murder of his father. Tho best pliiu seomcil. to bo to taka tlio broken aud helpless villain aotually under his own charge, and if need were, keep him hidden in his own rooms. Ho thought of the chambers lie lind taken at T.iegd, and (lis-! oussed within himsolf the possibility of shelter-! iug Hotlioridgo there. At first the idoa looked tiiunstrous, but wlion - ha came to question It muro narrowly he discovered that It had no real drawbnclrnpart'from his owu intense rcp'iigiinneo to it. Entire affection disdains mac hands, nnd iusnohVcauso ho darod not yrnit to tliluk 'about liis own pains. " Tho one thing' to; bb done .was to save Eliice. At any cost nnd at all1 costs lie was dotoi minod' upon thnt. ; Ho had moro than half dcolded iu tho course of lijs brief iiomowani walk, nnd on ills return to the hotol he found a messago there which precipitated his resolution in an instant; 1 " My dear Redwood," wroto Sir- Eustace. "I nm justoff to breakfast nt tho embassy. - Tho ambassador hero is an old collego ohunvof minor 1 wrote, him last night Informing, him of the foots of the ease. -We talked- tho matter over tliis morning and dcoidod on what Is - best to he dnno.i I Ho lias already promised to put the whole . weight of' the embassy behind us, and you may rely, on my -word wberiltollyou that the entile police force of Belgium will lie prno'tioally'ttt our disposal until the villain I saw so providentially yesterday is arrested.' Call on moat tho'Boll Vuo nt 12 and let mb know what yon hnvo duno in tho ineautimo." This note made tlio ciroumntanoos of tlio baao look desperate. To be successful lib must muko a movo at onco. Redwood despatched a tele- graphlo message to Sir Eustace at the embassy. "On the track. Shall probably have news for yon this afternoon," lie signed this nnd sent It away by one of tlio hotel -'servants,' 'and hurt fed haolc iuto the hotol iu wliioh ho liad'left llethcr- iilgo. " ... - : - - Tho more It soomcd nccessnry to ho near' tlio ninn, and to Bhiold hlm from discovery; the nloro his loathing grow, and -by this tiino it wns as lnuoli as' Goorgo could do- to force himself Into that hated prescnoo. Ho., burst into tho -room with iio jit'ollininaiy 'announcement of Iilmsolf, oudfomid tho tremulous wreck still seated at- the table, nursing his amply ooffeo cup; and the untnutcd roil before him. ' "Come with me at once," ho said. ' Helheridgo obeyed him blindly. Iio would havo gone anywhere, would havo done anything, at the commandmont of that apparition. He guessed dimly in his own bewildered mind that lie was being held In reaorve for soma fato moro awful than lie could imagine, but ho vras beyond all power of resistance, nud lind not even onough of wilt left to inspire htm with a wish to oombat the' power which dominated him,1 George helped liim on with his furrod overcoat, and shuddered with repulsion at the more oontact of liis raiment, Suoh a rsgo nnd hatred filled his heart that lie was half tempted to take tlio law into liis own hands and slay tho man fate forced liim to protect. Hetheridge took liis hat, Ills stick, his llttlo black bag and his gloves, and they walked along the' oorildor, down the broad stairs, and into th'o street together. Red wood hailed a tly and they woro urivcu to the Station Leopold, lie found that a train for Loigii started in a few minutes. lie had not been quite certain of tho hour of departuto and had feared that ho was late. On reflection, ho deoided to book for Namur, to loavo liis charge there aud to raturu with the pretence that lie had been led away on a false scent. Ho wns no pretender by nature and hod a native ab horrence for n lie, hut if the innn Wcro to be saved at all -half measures woro useless. Ouco more, entire nltcotion disdains clean hands. lie was tlicre to save Klliee and not to sparo him self from anything. Tho tumult of lovo and pity aud loathing and vengeance which filled his mind upoii that journey refuses to be paintod. In spite of all, lie laid liis plans quite coolly. Tlio only safe mothoil lie could think of wns to restore Hotlioridgo to his former aspect, and on their arrival lie put liis plan into action, "Obey, my. orders," ho had said sternly enough oh tho way down. The two wcro 'alone in tho carriage, and.ha was without fear of being overheard. " As you value yoar lifo and safety, you will speak no word of anything bat. English. You understand that?" ' . Hetiiuridgo blinked and nodded at' him In nssont. . ' " I shall speak for you. You will if necessary- confirm anything I may any, hut you will hot speak at all unless I question you." , Again Hotlioridgo blinked and nodded, and on the understanding thus arrived, at George - led him.toa hairdresser's in -the. main street of the town nud there bad tho. tell-, tnlo beard and inouslnoho removed. Under; the razor, John' Ilothuridgo came back again, recognisable but strongly distorted and deoply 'lined. . The iron- mouth wliioh had otieo expressed so' firm a tunnoity of purpose liird fsllon ton flaccid weak-' ncss. The lower lip hung. Hubby and nervously nnd tlio upper lip was drawn a little from the teeth with n. took' 'of. querulous complaint and protest. A deep .wrinkle' ou'cltlior .olicok ran from nostril to ohhi and sot the, vacuous mouth in doleful parenthesis." Redwood . se'olng liim tli us motamprpjiosod, realised, .for the;firat time,-' what manner «f man ho.had', hcoome, ,and:ip! some slight measure at first,, though .later oh inoreasingly, his rage abatbd, ' His dotestation of .tlio innn .remained; but. tho , physical anil mental degeneration indioateiT in tho faco in spired something, whioh was, almost pity.' It wns not diflioult to guess. what fears, what .dry remorses and what -snooks of niontal . agony linu' thus bowed , and broken a nature priginally strong. ... 'i " To havo hanged tills mau;" ssid.Rodwood to liiinsclf, " to have discovered ids oriine and hnvo' linnged him out of liaud, would .have been an unmerited mercy,1"'1. ' ..irlSjivr,-- It seemed, indeed, as if tho providence, of God had been a thousandfold sterner than -human' justice. ' ; ' v ' Scot frco ? Tlicro is no orimo thatgoos soot free, and horo at least was onoihab 'who had paid'h'is dbbt to outraged humanity in'full; - u- Hetheridge had so long esonpod identifioationi that, now that ha wasreturuod to liisjeominon, aspect there was no fear of his being suspected by Sir Eustace, hut Rodwood thought itwns'best' to' bo rid of tho fur eont, wliioh had 'been' onu of tho - baronet's' marks of 'identificatiuh. It was a gnrmont - wliioh - -would- hnvo made any man noticeable from its sumptuousiiess,,hud might have cost anything,' from a hundrod and' fifty to two liundrcd ' pounds." To iiavc miulb away 1 with ! it wltliout ' siicolal 'prcoantrpii,1 'or to have left it behind ilia hotel or railway1 car-' ringe, would hnVe' becti to ihditt ''inquiry ' aiul passible susploion, and Redwood lloolded that the best tiling to do was to purehiise a trunk, and' to lock tlio cent tip iu ifandkebp it in lusj own- charge. Ho aoted on this decision',' antt siiiiplied Hotlioridgo ' witlra heavy ' ready matlef "Ulster. He took away liis gogglbs1 and' boiiglit a" leather' eyo shnUo in tlielr place, ahd wlth' hin' ihahtlniS' nltprcd in app6aranoo,:'went bb)d!y' babk to Uriissels with lihh iij'tlfq'iifte'tniion.' ! ' ' Iletheridgo- still, 'rniV',dnbl''riiik, but -lor that! Redwood cared less thaii notliihg by o'omparlioh, 1 Ho was liable' to arrest'. for' NKiring 'left England! before, lie had. received his, fliiitta'noe 'from' tho1 lianki iiptoy Courts and from that' frite liis' pfo- tootor was hot1 oatufui rto sholt'cr'liim.'i 'Holre-i turned to the Hotel deSu'ede, taking' Hetheridge with him nhd entering' liinrlii1 the hooka, by' his' name, without.disguiao— John Hctlioridgo, Hii'au-' eier, I.ondon, 1 ,' !- ; ' This done; lie went immediately to sco'Sir Eustace AVynooinb, who wns full' of exoltcment about the'aetion taken by the KmhaRsy; and tlio extraordinary swiftness and, dexterity displayed by the polioc. ,l; ' ' " < ' " We shall have him," cried Sir Eustace, ris ing from hisohairns George entered tlio 'apart ment, anil 'advanoing eagerly to shako hands j "we shall have liiin" to" a certainty. ' I had a message only'luilf an hour ago. The villain toft tho hotel this morning in company with - w young Englishinnii; and thoy' havo found 'oVit alruady that' the pair booked to Namtir. I'toolc down a description of the rascal's' companion, lind that may he useful , to us; 1 He 'is about 6 foot in height, frosh complexion, dark liali', brown eyes, gentlemanly Uomoauor, Bpeaks Frenoh fluently, ' but' with- aJ marked English1 dooont. Of oourso'lio has' nothing to 'do' witli; the crime, but liis presbnob may holp' id'ontlfioii-' tion j or if tlio police; caii find hlm alone ! they'll ho ablo to got some information from him'.' And what have you' boon doing ?" «»--- r-u .-t„i "I?" said Goorgo, with a fast boating' heart.' "I have been away on a false' trail." " 'H ' Ho- trembled- to think how ' narrowly) lie had escaped;- Had tlio Britlsli Embassy- employed Its influencoan hour earlier ho 'miglit liave been liitoreopted; and t hat. liublie' obloquyi' Irom which lie so passionately desired to Bhfcld ElUce.i must necessarily have ' fallen upon1 hor.: Foi'tunatoly for him, Sir Eustaco— nbviir a' man very keoii to discorn the oxprcsslon of another— was so occupied with his own excited thoughts as to take ho notice of 'his'manner." i "I liavo missed my puiposo," said Georgo, turning away in some confusion',' 'nnd uii- coiisoiousiy busying himself "In arranging a iumborbf trilice on the 'mantelpiece, "but I hnvo made a Btraiige discovery. Mr! Hetheildgo is In' Brussels. " ' . ' -v ; : It cost him nn ofifort of eourbgo' to 'tako tlio hull by tlio horns In this way,- but lie knew tlio old game to ho tho host. ; '- " 1 Hothovidgo I " oried Sir.Eustnoo, "Why, whnt'ia lie doing horo,'1 lit the nniiio of wohdor V How did lie got horo V "My lost nbws of him was that ho was paralysed aiid bedridden." , ' i " Yoiimiist hiive heard an exaggerated account oMde condition," George answerbd.- "In any case, he is iu llnissols at (his moment, and la staying nt the same hotel as myself." "Ilolted from liis ercdilois, I sunpose," Sir Uuataoo interjected bluntly. " Well, lwor fel low, I'm sorry for him. Woyhrtdgc, who knows a good deal about business, tells mo that if ho had novcr had that paralytio stroke, ho stood to double his fortmieby the transactions of a singlo year. Kvory body's aony for him and if lies making a bolt of it, ho'a running- himself into danger. It makes it lookns if ho couldn't stand oxaminatien. Staying at tlio Suodo you say? I must go over and have a talk to him. I shall advise liim by all means to go back again." " I am afraid von won't find liim very amenable to reason,'' George answered, finding himself by this time in full possession of liis wits again, " His mliul is shattered." "In that ease," rcturnod Sir Eustace, "no body will hurt him, but all tho same, it was a misguided thing to run away. Is ho fit to seo anybody?" " l'crhsps," George answered, " I had better proparo liim -' for your visit, if you mean to call upon Mm." : . . " All right," said Sir Eustace, "do ao, aud I'll walk over-in half nn hour's time." - On this understanding Redwood left him, but when Sir Eustaoc fulfilled liis proniisc and pre sented himself nt tho Hotel do- Suede, lie found Hetheridge for (be time being, wt least, in a oondition in which it wa9 impossiblo to quostian or advise him. 1 He was stretched supine upon a ooitoh, and at the instant of the baronet's entry, a doctor was leaning over biin, waloli in hand, counting tho' pulsations at his wrist. Georgo stood gravely by and motioned tlio now arrival to silonoo. They -waited until tlio dootor had oOinplotcd liis examination and had given his orders, nnd tlieu slipped out of tho room quiotly together. " Ho wonT last long by tlio look of him," said SlrEuatnoo,;as'thoy renollcd tlraliaU.<; ' ' A man standing there raised" his liat in salute.'1' j--, ii.-'iiuFi " One word, Sir Eustace."'..' id- -ij ' -The baronet moved 'on onosldo and 'bent his head 1 to' listen. 'George walked to' the" steps of the'hotol, and stood looking On tho narrow atreots The man who lind-iaooosted-the baronet was an English ' speaking i dotootlvo « who I ; had ; boon speoially told off by ' tho - Commissfoiiors ' of l'oliae 'to' oommuiiioato tho details of.'tlie pro gress of tho'Boaroh; v: " '"K, " i .. > "Do yon know," he asked," i'.'who iwas. tho young gontloman who wnlkod withfyou just now down tho stairs ?" ' ' ' ' "Thnt;'' rotiirned 3lr Eustaco, Imitating the dotcotlvo'a wliispor, " IsMr. Geotgo 'Redwood, tho son of the mm-dcrod man.""-' i' ; 11 Snore tiotw;" said tlio dotobtivopfnUingMnok a stop, "Impossiblo' I "That is- the 'man who helped tlio suspected -Wdlhnerb'to Nnmur." - ; '"My good sir,'1 oriod tho baronot 'blufily, ; " you'ro a' fool."' " n 1- ''b "'" i "»-i ' " That Is quito 'possible, Slr'.'EuitAce;f-'"tlio detcotivo' aiiHworcd with a sonrish1' smile,' V It ; lies ' not boon goneral !y > though fc so,' > and I ;eau prove my- statement!'': t « -v.- i-f-vu-i:;:, ' " Oh," oried -Sir Kustaec, this 'ial aimply inatlncas.". i- t »>s Will" yeh bo at year lioteli- inb. half :an hour?" tlio detcotive asked. Sir : Eustace Plodded!" '' Will you 'undertake' -tlisli-'thut -young gentleman shaUCboq there- lilsq P'-SSir Eustaco nodded again. .. " Very good,"!;' will disve niy 'witnosses ready -fin that "thiiiy aridM iwlll'-provtraBpoase." .' -'> ; ' : > It... .'ill-.; -(T0 UK COSTINUKn.j ' ' 