OUR 0HEI8TMA8 OHOBTS. *W«o cioea not a-egret 'that young JMamilliuB never told that story of *' sprites and goblins' which his mother Hermione whs so Wixiotts to heari 'Who is not sure that it would have .curdled Ws blood moat delightfully, ►and madeveaoh particular hair stand. Njn end, and given him that «barnnng 'feeling -of ' creepi&ess;' up-and down) ?the spine, which a firsfc-rate gbost *tory is warranted to produce 1 If you ?remember, it was to be of w awesome ?a nature that the boy deslared hettnifet «?? tell it softly,'.' so that 'the crickets ?should not hear it,' *nd, no doubt ite ?opening promised well. -1' There was* iman dwelt by a churchyard'— a fine mysterious opening ! suggesttttg jKfesi ?bilities of adventures with ghouls, ?ogres, fleshless spectres, and other ?uncanny inhabitants -of the ghost «world; of deseorated graves and horrible crimes! Bet, alas, young MamMus never advanced beyond this tooint. -'There was a man dwelt by 5he churchyard'— this we know, an . (nothing mote. The story-teller tii( mot get neariy *o tar as that othefr and ?older raconteur who lefthalf told 'the :story ot Oambuscan bold,' or Keate «witbhU ' Hyperiftn,' of Coleridge with. , ,hw « GfaristabliM ;ind tiieUterat4rt»f »hoste -wants *hat wfttdd probably lave been ft» finest -and most tbnll inc chapter. Every sensible person agents that Squire Hwdcartle never Wditor the world's bebefit)that«8tofy «f odd Grease in the gAn-mam' ** xvbicn BiggPty fe^,,^ .^^SS -these twenty years.' We have^ ware's ewu assurance that the story j *is «* good one'; but we would . infinitely wther have had tbeistory of tvonng MamUUuB. like tiie uuGmshed Window in AUddih'e palace, however, unfinished it nmst remain. Basb, fands have essayed, ittMrae, to wdve « The Mystery at Edwin Drood ' J but the story which a Shafcspeare began .only a Shakspeare could fomplettt. 'There was a man '.-.welt by a churchyard.' Well, in a -A-tei» sense, wach one of «w ' dwells t^*)?**''*1* i varaB— *bc churchyard, th^^&llowed; irraanA, in which »re gathered together the green graves of the past. Alas,; the number pi these graves ! Ah, there's the pity of it*. Ab Christmas, follow* Cairistma. to ti*t bourne from which no Orfatinasses return, bo*; East they multiply, until, on M«ng backward, we can see nothing bu* Wife wan white memorial-stones, which mark the last resting-places of the . vanished hops, the crushed Swubition, the lost friendship, the betrayed trust Every week, every day, adds to the tale of our dead ; lengthens out the ?record of our chequered memories. If Mamillius had finished bis stbry, it would never have had for us the pathos of that sad eventful narrative which each man's own particular churchyard whispers in his ears — tells ' softly' — for it is one which ' the crickets should not hear,' which concerns himself alone. As men must work, though women may weep, we most of us keep the gates locked, so to speak, and tbe churchyard is still enough throughout the year ; but now and again, as at ?Christmas time, the departed rise from their -graves and through the open gates troop in among us to remind us of what has been. These are our Christmas ghosts, which the meanest have at their command as fully as the ?oldest rof old families, with their traditional time-honoured speotres and mysterious visitants, who make night hideous for timid housemaids, 'Or un courteously disturb the repose *£ Btranger-goests. Our Christmas ghosts! These come to us once a .year *t least, aad every year the company grows larger : but the faces of tlie -elder comers are less clear of feature, and ?their forms more shadowy ; and, by a 'merciful ' provision of Providence, we look upon them with increasing com posure, and a growing 6ense of hope fulness and faith. For our part, we think we ought lo ?welcome-'their company. It is not good for us to turn our backs upon the past, and say we will have nothing more to ldo with it — that henceforth our lives shall .'be wholly in the present or the future. The truth is, we cannot so 'easily cut ourselves off from it ; it lias ?helped tc make us what we are, and its influence, for good-or^evil, are with us still. Besides, if that grim church .yard turn out a grisly array of ' sprites and goblins,' it also sends us many a ?radiant angel-form. If on our annual resurrection-day the disappointed am ?bition and the baffled aspiration start up to perplex us, so, too, the dear oses who have gone before come with the air of heaven about them, $6 soothe, !to inspire, and encourage us. The mother whom we loved 60 tenderly, tbe child who was taken from our reluctant embrace in the bloom of it pure .young beauty, the friend whose faith fulness ne'vgr gave way in the -hour i£ sharpest trial, 'these are with iis -again, ?sk. by -our hearths, occupy their well 'reniembered chairs, and unite our pre sent lives ? to ? their past by finks of gold. Would , yen depriy*. yourself of this .great Joy 'because of Uie sorrow which mingles with it? because ' withered. hopes on hopes are spread,' like the lavers of tbe dead leaves of many autumns -in the forest glade — Memories 'that make the heart a tomb, . Regrets which glide through the spirits gloom, — ? ?' would you shut yourself out from the shadows of happy hoftrs— the bright and sweet and joyous recollections ; which the Past has fcloffe to give 1 There are ghosts and ghosts. It is clear from veracious chronicles that if some make it their unpleasant mission to terrify and injure tos, others come ?with timely words of counsel, warning, and comfort on their -spectrallipB, and these, we believe, predominate in ?' 'quantity and' quality.' The worldV wrong is more. than compensated by the world's tight. The pleasures of life, if we could weigh them, would be found to outbalance its pains ; 'or as ' Brennus flung in his sword to weight the scale against the conquered Romans, we, too, can always turn the balance1 by Throwing In Hope. There are ' numerous (hounds in the churchyard, 1 bftt tfeere »rt many more daisies ; and the man who dwells by.it may, if he will, see something of better omen ' than the mere signs of mortality. At the head of the grave do you not plant the Cross? We remember to have heard* once upon a time, an eager discussion of the problem, whether the realisation of a pleasure is equal to the anticipation of it 1 But better than realisation, which alvays has its unexpected drawbacks, or/than anticipation, which is nfeces fiarily overcast with uncerUintyvis the reminweenbe. And there is this advan tage — that the reminiscence lasts ; and yet another advantage— that it grows continually sweeter and more consoling. Take our Christmases tor example. We look forward— or, at least, those of ilB who are not -cynics and smart essay iabs— iook forward ao each ending ¥«fle with pleasurable thoughts. It is tbe rallyingrtime of domestic aflfectiOtis and oldf nenashlpi ; and the circle, so often btolcen in nponby iadversi: circum etwices, is for, this once to bfi rene.wed.. But 'it oomes— the Iong4ooked for OhristaiaB ; And with it, varied weia tions and crosses, insignifiaant in them selves, but, 'at the time', sufficient, to infuse a dash of bitterness into our cup of -joy — that 'amari liquid' which Fate is so fond of offering to human li}». By-and-by, however, when our Christmas ghosts sweep before us, we see nothing of this. The oloud has gone clean away ; our wistful eyes*est only onthe brightness. ^ it is always.^ The Christmas of ittfb year seems to us brighter and better than the Christmas of this ; and the Christmas of the year before brighter and better stilL* In this way, our ^Christinas ghests grow less forbidding every year; and, in time, we come to think them the best of company — as, indeed, they are. Yes j even the saddest, grisliest, and most gloomy ! For all have something to tell us —words of advice and caution — the precious lessons of experience. The ghost of a crushed ambition warns us to limit our desires to the measure of our means ; the ghost of a shattered hope teaches *s to tee on *ur guard against illusions of our own creation { the ghost of a lost love counsels us to raise our hearts above the things of mortality, and to reach forward, with a strong, unffinehing faith, to that land beyond the Dark River, where love be comes immortal, and partings are ??*«» known, and trust -can ?never niore be betrayed, and there -are no ghosts — ljecattse, thank -*od 1 'there *re -no dead! ; 