General Items. SHEABEES.—New South Wales squatters are endeavoring to get shearers from Tasmania. We caution shearers that there are already more than enough shearers in New South Wales to remove double this season's clip, and that the one and only end they have in view is to flood New South Wales with labor from the othfer colonies sufficiently to cut down wages and break up the unions. SHEEP- STEALHTG, as the law now stands, appears to be afar more serious matter than .' stealing anything else of equal value. It is clearly one of those laws made by landed proprietors in order to render their property doubly secure; within the present century men have been hanged for stealing a sheep. At the case of alleged sheepstealiDg brought before the Campbell Town bench during the past week, Mr. Clarke claimed that the case should be tried by the bench under the Petty Offences Act, as the price of the ten sheep supposed to be stolen was under £10. The bench, however, decided that the point raised could not stand, as the legislature had made special provision for dealing with sheep-stealing. Now, we ask, what on earth is the difference between stealing sheep and anything else, that there should be special legislation to deal with the former. THE OEPHEUB OBCHESTBAX SOCIETIV At a largely-attended meeting held a few evenings ago (presided over by Mr. Alex. Young), it was decided to form the above society, with Herr Siebert, conductor, and A. G. Youngman, leader. Twenty-five names were enrolled as members, and other instrumentalists are requested to send in their names, or attend the meeting to bo held in the Mechanics' at 8 o'clock on Tuesday night next, when the committee appointed to draw up rules and regulations will report, and arrangements will be made to commence practice at once. With gentlemen possessed of such musical abilities as Messrs Siebert and Youngman, as conductor and leader, and so many good musicians already enrolled, the snccess of the society is assured. PEBMAKENT WAT MEW.—It is generally understood that as a supplementary item to the small wages paid to the permanent way men on the Government railway line, they have the privilege of travelling free all over the lines of the colony, and also that the conveyance of their goods is allowed them free; but we have neard from a reliable source that this is not so, the men having to pay for riding and conveyance of goods the same M the general public, not the general manager, if you please. CAMPBELL Town.—"Ponto" writes to say that one of our magistrates was heard to say the other day, " that there had been too much appealing at the Court here of late, but he was sorry to see the lad, Pears, get into gaoL" Well, what next P If magistrates will pass heavy sentences when light fines or cautions would be sufficient, for no other purpose than to satisfy the desire of the police, who generally wish to see the utmost penalty enforced, it can only be expected that appeals will be the result. Also, many instances are noticeable where people are arrested by warrant, when being summoned would meet the case. [•iaov]—tneShj pwj eq O) J9A0U sunSmq uoi EII3 RIM. oqn '4091) -eusqnig; 86 'xhtiq • y -jj oq. oS pun Xeuom Jnoi eAvg -uepuojL JOJ oSeaiqo o; 08 oj peeu ou ti OJ8TJX—•nouMiHxg; OBTOIHQ The Democrat is posted free to any part of the ^ttcft,. 5 1annum in * " dwnee ' ewy THE " EXAMINEE" PBIZE EBSATS.—The EXAMINEE is evidently trying to get a cheap lot of copy, as it claims all the contributions sent in, whether prize winners or not. We can give the workera the tip as .to the style of writing likely to" get the prize. You must show that it is necessary to restore confidence in the London money market, to induce capitalists to invest their money in the colony,-then things would hum again; also the necessity for greater "thrift" on the part of the workers, together with life and accident assurance: the workers also should be more contented with their lot, and trust the employers of labor; have nothing to do with unions or those naughty agitators; you must be a regular subscriber to the Ex-. AMTNEB and believe all it tells you; yoii must work ten or twelve hours a day if you are wanted, and for six shillings a day if asked, and must be a regular attendant at church; put implicit faith in the established order of things, and then it will be all right—for the capitalist. That's the line to run on if you wish to get that fiver. A man that would .point out the " irritating spots," which, by the way, has been done often enough, would, not stand the ghost of a show. Protection is protected robbery. - Freetrade is free robbery. NEW IKDUSTBT.—One of our staff visited the well-known factory of Mr. \V". I. Thrower during the week, and was surprised to findthat, in addition to the usual waters, bitters, Byrups, etc., turned out by cordial makers, Mr. Thrower is a very large manufacturer of tomato sauce and table vinegar; he is also the sole agent in Tasmania for the Shamrock Baking and Egg Powders, and Klelum, Buz and Co.'s Ceylon Curry Powder. The materials for these powders are all consigned to Mr. Throwrr in bulk, and the different ingredients put together and tinned in LaunceBton. The number of hands actively engaged in tinning, labelling, wrapping, and packing, gave quite a lively appearance to the factory. From the support already received, Mr. Thrower anticipates doing a very large trade in these goods. Working men should remember that Thrower's is the only cordial factory in Tasmania working under the eight hours' system. TWADDLE FAMES oonra BUNG.—During the past week two more twaddle newspapers have breathed their last. They have peacefully passed away beyond ell hope of resurrection. The Melbourne " Daily Twaddle, graph," the sanctimonious organ of the Victorian metropolis, expired Tuesday week last. In its obituary notice, the Melbourne COMMONWEAL states that "when the true history of the land boom of Melbourne of 1886-7-8 is written sufficient evidence will be forthcoming to show that most of the ' unco guid' leaders of the DAILY TELE- GB^H were thick in the riotous speculation which has ruined heaps of those confiding fools who pin their faith to those who belong to so-called Christian associations, and are shining lights in church councils, and the associates of a class of persons whose chief merit to distinction is their unblushing impertinence and their self- satisfied righteousness, men who believe in dual voting among other fads appertaining to an affection of superiority over the masses. Of this class it may be averred that of such is not the Kingdom of Heaven. In their frantic efforts to 'climb up the golden stairs'the TELEGBAPH goody-goodies have rung every change from Radicalism to the most reactionary Conservatism. Most appropriately they have in amalgamating with the heads wound up an inconsistent career by throwing all the property of their pious clique into the arms of the authors of Melbourne journalistic sensationalism. What will our Presbyterian and Methodist friends say to their self-appointed leaders who, in deference to the behest of the almighty dollar, have thrown principles to the wind and gone in bald-headed for spicy ' murder, suicide, and sudden death.' " In Sydney the FIELD,' belonging to the STAB proprietary, has also "gone bung." The STAB, it appears, has dropped over £1000 by the defunct FIELD. DULL times seems to be the general cry. If times are bad, and money scarce, you can save considerably by purchasing at Dunning's; they have a magnificent assortment at prices to suit everyone. Blankets, Flannels, Eider Down Quilts, Gloves, Hosiery, Furs, WrapB, Umbrellas, Dress Goods, in tremendous variety. Boys' ready-made Suits and Gents' Clothing a Speciality. Discount for cash.—ADVT. MONEY MONOPOLY. — The half-yearly meeting of the proprietors of the Bank of New South Wales was held at the head office, George-Btreet, Sydney, on Saturday last at noon. The directors' report stated that the net profits for the half-year amounted to £118,983 18s. 10d., to which had to be added the undivided balance from the last half-year, amounting to £8,584 9s. 9d., giving for distribution £127,568 8s. 7d. The sum was appropriated as follows:—• Dividend at the rate of 15 per cent per annum, £93,750: bonus at the rate of 2i per cent, £15,625; augmentation of the reserve fund, £10,000; balance carried to profit and loss, new account, £8,193 8s. 7d. This appropriation brings the reserve fund up to £990,000. After reading a few such reports as_ that, the only tangible reason why a National Bank is not instituted seems to be that the members of every successive Ministry are more or less connected with the existing private banks. — Australian Workman. THE MILLENIUM. — The assets of the EQUITABLE LIFE ASSUBAWCE SOCIETY OF THE WORLD now amount to ^"28,300,000, and the cash surplus over and above all debts and liabilities to ^£,400,000. The society's accounts are annually audited by the Government Comptroller of Assurance of the State of New York, and not friends and interested relations. This vast sum is invested in freehold real estate in the various cities in the world, first mortgages 8 one-third the value of the real estate, and United States bonds, besides the amounts deposited with the different Governments of the world as security to the policyholders of their country.—KINO O'MALLEY, Travelling Commissioner.—ADVT, t 5£ 8 <%» and the whole of next week, the Warehousemen's Trading Company will show Seasonable Novelties in New Dress Materials, viz., Tweeds, Sorgetton, etc., in all the fashionable shades, 4s. lid., 6s. lid dozen yards; Schoolroom Cloth, 9d. per jnjrd; Double-width Melton, Is. p er yard: Flannelettes, 3s; lid. doeen yards; a lot of and Children's Ulsters, 5s. lid., 10s. Bd., 12s. 6d., 15s., worth three time! the price; also Gentlemen's Parramatta Waterproofed every shape, all at actual wholesale prices. TOWEB, Corner Charles and York streets.—ADVT. PENDING TROUBLE AT BROKEN HILL.— It is reported that the leading mines directorates contemplate reconsidering the general agreement with the Unions, the object being to introduce Freedom of Contract and to extend the Contract System underground. The matter is creating considerable commotion. _ MADAME ZEPBST is about to make a tour of the country districts, commencing next week with Longford, and thence right awav along the coast. Madame is well-known as the Gipsy Queen of the Exhibition, where she won a high reputation for skill in palmistry, and we doubt not but that her fame has long ago preceded her in the country districts, and that she will have a successful tour. The Waxworks are also in conjunction with Madame Zephey making the tour, they contain life-size models and other novelties, including Miss Bounsefell, Deeming, and the murdered woman connected with the late Windsor tragedy. THE GOODS OF TH* SEASON.—'Try Dunning s; you have no idea of the assortment you can get, and the prices they sell at are simply marvellous. You should see their new carpets and curtains. Their cretonnes, in fact in every department they excell. If you want a suit for your bovs just look in at the Golden Fierce and inspect their goods, and I will be astonished if you don't find what you want and at lower prices than ever you got it before — [ADVT.] YOUB WATCH, SIB.—Your watch cleaned, repaired, and regulated to perfection, with a guarantee for eighteen months for 6s. Uocks cleaned and guaranteed, from 2s. 6d Other repairs very cheap. Country customers can hare repairs same day if necessary.—SrEPHENs, Watchmaker and Manufacturing JeweUer, 152 CharleB-street — [ADVT.] 