ROW CAIBE HE DEAD? fY J. FITZGERALD MOLLOY, Author of "That Villain Romeo," "Court Life Below Stairs," etc. etc., [ALL HIOGHTSB IIEsEOav.] CHAPTER XX. OLlvnE DALWAY'S VISITS. The following morning, Colonel Leinster sat in his rooms, lost in thought. He had just finished break fast, the remains of which lay on the table, had read his letters, and having lighted a big cigar, lay back in an easy chair. The ideas which filled his mind were evidently pleasant, for all expres sion of satisfaction dwelt on his face, and though he sighed now aud then his sighs indicated rather desire than des pair. He loved I-elen Lovell, the nanme by which he still thought of her. All the affection he had once f-lt for her mother -an affection whicl, for twenty years had admitted no rival claim-was now transferred to her daughter. The fascination which the former had exer cised for hint was now wielded lby the latter. To him, Helen became the one thing needful to his happiness; without her, his existence would be a blank. So long as he lihad thought she loved Sir Cecil, lihe had striven with the patience and perseverance of a tempted anchorite to subdue the longings that filled his heart, but from the hour she confessed her true feeling towards the baronet, a new holpe had sprung up within the Colonel's breast, and the one dream of his existence was to call her his wife. Surely if his life were shared with iher, he would be compensated for the twenty years of hanishment from his native-land, for the barrenness and dreariness of days deprived of affection, companionship .and home, for loss of joys other men had known. Hope smiled upon hiim, for at times he felt certain of her love. A look in her eyes when she welcomed him, a ighonii her lips when they parted, poinited towards a conclusion of which he would fain assure himself, yet hesitated, lest he should find what lie imagined a reality was only a dream, and that which he deemed love was merely gratitude. But if indeed site had given him her heart, then no law made by man could part them. The ceremony of marriage with a bigamist had no power to hind her; she was periectly free to give her hand to whom she pleased, and if sihe would bhut bestow it on him, what a happiness might be his ! Soon he must seek to learn his fate, f,or pleasnt as it was to live ini a para dise of hopes, still the uncertainty which occasionilly troubled himi rendered himi at timunes the most miserable of men. It was mockery that she should wear weeds for one who, though dead to the world at large, was yet living. If she consented to become his wife, lie would not allow the opinion of society to delay his happiness. He had got so far in his norning meditations, when a servant entering said a gentleman, who refused to give his name, wished to see him. " Who can it be '" the Colonel asked. "It is I," a voice repllied, and push ing the servant aside, Sir Cecil came into the room. Colonel L"inster made it sign for the servant to withdraw, and then watched his visitor seat himself in a comfortable chair. Frmyne's small grey eyes had an expression of baffled malignity, his hands moved nervonsly, and his knees clung together. The Colonel looked at him with something at once of pity and scorn in his glance, and after a few seconds' silence, took the cigar from his lips and said coolly " Well, how do you feel 1" "Like what I am, a desperate man." "Is it to tell me this you have come herel" " No; it is to make you iu offer !' "Then spare yourself the trouble, for I tell you beforehand I shall accept no offer from you." "You haven't heard me yet, but you must." "' Must' is a word I don't like, but as this is the last interview I shall ever give you, I'll overlook it. State what you have to say as briefly as possible, for we are not over fund of each other's society." Sir Cecil opened and closed his hands convulsively, his eyes glittered with anger, but restraining himself he said-"Yoi told meyou ladan antidote to the accursed drug which has clhanged my identity." "I did." "Could it restore mne to what I onlce was '1" "It could." "Then," said the baronet, trembling from excitement, " let mne have it, for I am a changed man. Let me come back to life again, and my supposed death and burial can easily be explained. I shall say I got into a boat and was car ried out to sea, where I was picked upl by a vessel bound for America, fromi which country I have just returned. The iody found on thie strand wbts identified as mine because figure and clothes were like mine; it is easy to settle matters, I will never say a word regarding the part you played. I will re-marry your ward privately ; lshe can keep the settlement and be still Lady Frtyne." His hearer smiled contemptuously, "Were you to assume your former appearance and again ask her to marry you, she would refuse. As, for the settlement it has never been her inten tion or mine to apply it towards any othler use than charity." Sir Cecil smothered his anger 1and said in a meek voice, "Believa meo, I have replented the follies and vices of my past life, and I now see things in a different light. Will you not hiave compassion on le."' "If you have repented, you will acceplt your punishment in expiation of your crimes." "Can nothing move you 1" "Nothing." "Not even if I bid you name .the prince for which you will sell me the antidote." ' "Get out of my rooma," replied the Cohonel, splringing up and pointing to the door.. e". "Wait a while," said Sir tocil, in a tone far different from that in which he hIhd -first sploken, and no longer con cealing I; h'ate. '" You shall suffer for what you have done. I have lost my identity for the present, but you shall soon lose your freedom,. for I will put you in the dock as a robber who has clheateld me out of my property. Ta dty Ihave an appointment with sv' soalielt.'; though he may not recognise a~-I can prove who I am by remind in bim of faots and r?e?eating con versations known only to us both." "If you claim to be Sir Cecil Frayne,. you will be regarded as a madman." Though the baronet had thought of this, the assertion disquieted him, but dbncealing his feelings lie said, "I shall take care to convince him of my sanity; but if the law doesn't give me justice, then I shall take it into my own hands and avenge myself upon you." "Thanks for the hint," said the Colonel coolly, "forewarned is fore armed. From this day forward Ishall carry a revolver with me, and if you make any attempt on my life, I will in self-defence put a bullet through you. If you escape me, I shall have you locked up in Bedlam as a dangerous lunatic. So beware." Sir Cecil smiled in a ghastly manner and his grey eyes glistened. " My ways of vengeance," he replied, "are many and subtle. I shall not risk my life, even for the pleasure of taking yours." Saying which he looked at the Colonel with an expression of hate and fury, and silently left the reamn. Entering the green park close by, lihe sat down on a bench to prepare him self for the visit to his lawyer. The suegestion as to his being considered a lunatic, which Colonel Leinster had made, rankled in his mind, but he strove to banish the idea by reflecting it would be comparatively easy to establish his identity. Lawyers were shrewd, and Ballam would see some thing suspicious in this case, make in quiries, and discover the truth. There surely could be no difficulty in the matter. And then, greater than the delight of recovering his property, would be the pleasure of denouncing Colonel Leinster to justice for having conspired to deprive him of his in heritance. The shame and punishment he would bring on this gallant soldier, whom the world regarded with respect and admiration, would go far to avenge him. And once his identity was es tablished lie-Sir Cecil-would sail for India. where no doubt lie would dis cover men learned in the secrets of drugs, who might give him an antidote capable of restoring him to his former self. With such hopeful thoughts he whiled away the time until the hour for his interview with Ballam drew near. He then took his way to Lincoln's Inn, where the man of law held his offices, and presenting himself, mildly asked if he could see MrBallam. The young clerk addressed said he would ascertain, and withdrew-he was absent so long that Sir Cecil began to fear an interview might be refused him, but presently word was brought that Mr Ballam was then engaged but would be at liberty to see his visitor in a quarter of an hour. Sir Cecil sat down to wait, reflecting how different his reception would have been if it were known who lie really was, for in former days his name had been sufficient to unlock all doors, and admit him immediately to the portly presence of the pompons Ballam. He had waited about twenty minutes before lie was told Mr Ballan was now disengaged, and passing through several offices, he at last gained that in which i the solicitor sat. Ballam was a low- a sized man, but the inches lie lacked in I height were made tp to him in breadth. I His head was bald on the top, his side a hair had turned grey, and his flaccid r flat face-lighted by watery blue eyes t -dwindled down into a succession of n flabby chins. He was seated at a heavy central e desk as Sir Cecil entered, and without I rising to receive him, fixed a pair of I gold-rimmed pince-nez on his nose, and a superciliously examined his visitor. t The baronet wondered if this could be c the same man who formerly received t him with elaiorate bows, bland smiles, c and courteous words. Forl a . molent t lie hesitated, and then unheeding t Ballam's motion towards at chair, ad- r vanced with a smile upon his face to the lawyer and said, " Ballanm, don't you e recognise me through this-this partial t disguise '?" "I remember you took the liberty of Is addressing me yesterday, sir," answered I the lawyer in a lofty tone, throwing I hack his head, and gazing at his visitor wrathfilly. Sir Cecil, seeing lie was r displeased at being addressed in a familiar manner, assumed a more I deferential tone, saying : "Do you not recognise me ?" He felt tolerably nervous, knowing bow h much depended on this interview. Ballam stared at him, knitting his y brows and pursing up his lips all the a while. "I reumember seeing you yester- d day," he said loftily, antil then threw back his head. as if lie resented Sir Cecil's w'ords as an implertinence. "But don't you know who I am 1" I queried the baronet, drawing nearer to him and thrusting close his yellow face y which, lighted by his eager grey eyes, had something wild and startling in its 1 expression. "D on't you recollect hav- a ing seen me, hauting spoken to me be- a fore 1" "Where and when " asked the v lawyer, whose usual bland manner was h somewhat ruffled by these interroga- g tions. ' Here, in this office, not two months ago." d "Certainly not !" answered Ballam in his most judicial manner, nodding y his head by way of giving emphasis to Ii his words. Ed Sir Cecil was discouraged, but he made another effort to recall himself to p Ballam's memory before mentioning his niame. " My appearance and voice C have changed since then," he said, and tIhen noting that his hearer started, he n paused before continuing. "But my d eyes are the same, the shape of my head -and face are unaltered; look well and a see if you don't remembler me." "Ballam, believing his visitor insane, a nervously stretchedouthis hand towards a brass gong oh the table in order to summon help, but Sir Cecil, noting his C movement, snatched at and removed it c from his reach. y "Don't you recbgnise me," the baro net pleaded, his manner now becoming h excited. p "No answered Ballam. Who are h you " . "Sir Cecil Frayne." i "Good Heavens! the man is an lunatic," the lawyer ejaculated, rising p from hib seat and looking round for some article aviti ivhich he might de- h fend himself. . f Sir Cecil heard him and grew livid ai with rage' Allhopes of establishing p his identity were centred in. his solici- al tor, itho regarded him as a nadman, I and wotild not believe a word of what a he said imless:he-coild arrest his atten- I tion arid gain hifi'interest by a brief and 1J simple statement of the facts of his' i " Listen to my statement" hebegan ol " I a single' week I haie bl?e h chlanged at from' ayoung man into what ~ ou see a before you, by the iirtif of 'the greatest ul villain thatlies hba?n ', . Ballam, who seized a ruler as a weapon of defence, gradually retreated to the wall, whilst he cast furtive looks if at the closed door, between which and t himself Sir Cecil stood. The latter, 11 noting his glances, quickly stepped to the door and locked it before any re sistance could be made. a "You shall hear what I have to say," he continued, his anger overcoming e him. "Certainly my dear sir, pray calm II yourself; yon were buried only yester u day, only yesterday, I assure you." n "You old fool," the baronetanswered. i. "I was present when the mock cere u mony took place." s" So you were indeed, attending your own funeral, very remarkable; will you r allow, me to call one of my clerks thit y he may take down your attestations," a Ballam said, all traces of his self y importance having given way to an y abject fear which made his limbs tremble. I "You want to escape me, but you shan't till you have heard what I, Sir Cecil, came here to say." "But, my dear sir, you are dead, I a assure you you are dead, died on your i wedding day too; very remarkable. I I myself followed you to the grave; sad, s very sad," replied Ballatm neavously. "Sir Cecil Frayne is as much dead 5 as you at e." " And so young too, very remark able." "You old idiot," replied Sir Cecil, losing his temper. "I always thought yon an arrant fool, but I'm convinced i of it now." " My dear sir, you must not give way to your feelings, it is not becoming to you now that you are some six or seven days dead." Sir Cecil was in despair. If he could not convince'Ballam of his iden tity, his only hope was gone. There was not another man among his acquaintances-for friends he had none -who would take sufficient interest in him to heed the strange story he could tell. If Ballam would not listen, Sir Cecil was lost. The mere thought of the prize lie had at stake s the re-establishlment of his identity and Sthe punishment of his enemy-which this interview must decide; made him terribly nervous. On the other hand, his anxiety lent a wildness to his looks and a feverishness to his manner, that confirmed Ballam in the belief that he was conversing with an escaped inmate of Bedlam. The poor man now re membered with a sinking heart that this was the hour when his head clerk, who occupied the neighboring office, went out for lunch; and therefore lie, a sane and upright man, might be murdered in cold blood and none would hear his cries for assistance. He shivered all over at the thought of his threatened fate; remembered with regret that lie had scolded his wife that morning for coming down late to break fast; the wife whom lie might never more see; had accused the head clerk of being drunk the previous night because his nose was red and his eyes watery ; and but yesterday curtailed his eldest boy, now at Harrow, in his pocket money. Wouli they remember him as an unkind husband, master or father. Ah, if he could but survive this interview. However, he would sell his life dearly, he thought, as making a sudden step backwards towards the fire-lace, he dropped the ruler and took up the poker. There he stood with his back to the empty grate, in an attitude of defence, his eye rivetted on his visitor, for he had read somealhere that by steadily staring at lunatics one could overcome them. But though armed, lie would only use his weapon in case of an attack, until then, lie should continue his conciliating manner, and agree with the lunatic in all his statements, by which means he might eventually get rid of him peaceably. Sir Cecil returned his glance, his grey eyes flaming with rage, but he strove to calm himself that lie might more readily gain a hearing. "I tell you," he said, " the change you see in me has been wrought by that cursed villain, i Leinster." "Very remarkable indeed," blandly replied the nolicitor. "He would have poisoned me if I had not married his ward." "Quite melodramatic." "The very morning of the ceremony lie discovered that I had committed bigamy-I had, I don't mind 'telling you-and then he had me conveyed to a dungeon, where lie administered the drug which changed me to what I am." "Very strange indeed." Sir Cecil saw hie was making no im pression on his hearer, and once more losing lis templer,; said: "Don't chatter like a parrot. I tell you plainly lam Sir CecilFrayne" Ballam, with unspeakable relief, heard a desk unlocked in the next room and the noise of a stool heing dragged across the floor, and never were sounds more welcome to human ears, for here was hoped for aid at last; Williams the , head clerk had returned. Therefore t gaining courage, Ballam thoughlt he i would reason with the lunatic and said : "If you are Sir Cecil Frayne, you are dead and buried." "But I tell you I'm alive, talking to you, ask me what questions you please," he said excitedly. "My pretended death is merely a trick." "Very remarkable, who could have played you such a cruel trick." "I have already told you it was Colonel Burke Leinster." "Dear, dear. What could be his motive; hie has no interest in your death that I am aware of." "Save diabolical revenge; but you will help me to pay himback." : : " Could you not do so without my aid." "Show me how and I will."' "Being dead, you could haunt him. Ghosts and haunted houses have be coine qluite fashionable of late, and you-" SSir Cecil, no longer able to contain himself; sprang at him, wrested "the poker from his hands, and caught him by.the throat. "Help, help," cried Ballam. " Wil liams, burst'in thei door, I am being murdered by a lunatic--help-help police." Sir Cecil, who had no intention of hurting him, let go his grip, and then fearing the consequences of his rash action, seized hisa hat and ruished to that part of the room where lie would. be sheltered on the opening of the door. In another second it was forced open and Williams, accompanied by another clerk; ran to where; their master'was lying in a chaia, pantifig ias if, he were y half- suffocated . No sooner had they a entered than Sir Cecil fled: from'lthe I office, slammed the door behind' him, and escapingiiito thb street umei?ueinto acab iand.'di~ippeared beforor ,Willinms. haid tilne to pursue him:=: -.ii"r.'s ( .i';'IT6'o rine ctltiatl '':: i 