IN THE DEN. " The new Bishop," as he will probably be called for some time, was the subject for disennseioeo. " What do you think of him P?" said The Anoient, as he cleared a passage in the smoke by waving his boad. l Qi, 1ia'1 do," Spifkine was generous enough to remark, ' that np upr as 1 ton judge for the present." "Why, he's just splendid," nsaid Thp Tog. "He's a grand old follow, full of common sense, and not a bit prosd." "I am favourably impressed," said Ebooezer; " but I apprehend there's a danger that he may de vote too much attention to the Cathedral end too little to the diocese. The diocese wants waking up; th. ,pathedral has occupied far too muoh time, and insteed of being the ' symbol of unity,? if the people in the parishes get the idea that it has the first claim to the attention of the Synod and everybody else, it will be something very different.?' Then The Rhymster chipped in with his wrotached little piece "The day is o'er, tile deed is done, To cectiulceot Ilertoor'st; . eaeeti' lost, but sttill as1t t •s lolt lio;4jop OUhelmuie.',e ' And what'db' you thinkP"o saei The Fool to.The Parson. Hie reverence made no reply. ! on't ask him," said The Toff; "can'tyon see he's vered-he didn't got an invite to that loonh of the Glenelig people." ' .peak for yontirself," enid The Parson. "As you've mentioned it, let me tell ybu that I do plined." " A?n he don't belioye in Bishops,"' said The Fool. "DJ you hoow whct John Ruskin says of Biehope ?" said The Parsen, addresring thbe com pony generally. "You don't; well, I'll roadc yoe some of hie opinions,.' and then in his best pulpit eauseet" r Alivored himself of the following. He gad brought thot bchk tjitt him: "propheey, they eanot;-~6aerif~ee, they can-; not;-tih their hearte there Go no vision--ta their buids no victim. The wbrk of the tvangelist da.s done fo~e'oy they oOnld be made Biehops; that of the Apoetle cannopt be done o nan Bishop's throne6 : theote remains to them, of all pnsAible office of organiza tion in the church, only that of the postor,-verily and intensely their own; receivod by them in definite charge when they received what they oall the Holy Ghost ;-'Bo to the flock of Christ a shepherd, not a wo!f;--feed them, devour then not.' "Does any man, of all the men who have reoeived this charge in England, know whatt i i.s to be a wolf?-recognize in himself the wolfish instinet, and the thirst for the blood of God's fock ? ..... Did he ever in hislife see a wolf coming, and debate with himself whether he should fight or fly P--or is not rather his whole life one headlong hiroling's flight, without so nmch as turning his head to see what manner of beasts they are that follow ?--nay, are not his very hireling's wages paid him f,' flying instead of fighting ? " Dares any one of them answer mo-hore from my college of the Body of Christ I challenge overy mitre of themo--definitely the Lord of St. Peter's borough, whom I note as a pugnacious and accurately-worded person, and hoar of as an onutepoken one, able and ready to answer for his fulfilment of the chargeo to Peter: How many wolvoe does he know in Peteororongh P--how many sheep P-what battle has he done ?-what bites can he show tho soears of P-whoso sina has he remitted in Peterborough P-whoseo rolined ~-has he not remitted, like his brother Bishops, all the sins of the rich and rotaincd all those of the poor ?--dons he hnow, in Peterhorough, who are fornicators, who thieves, who liars, who murderorse -and has he over dared to tell any one of them to his faoe that he was so-if the man had over a hundred a year ?" The Parson shut up suddenly and looked round on the aoembly with a smile that was like a bonodiotion. " Rushia is a one?eided orank," said The Toff. Spifkins glared at the commenteor and told him that Johu Ruskin's name would smell soweet when The Toff's patrician patronymic was buried in the records of Darlinghurst. " Boquoted that justto annoy me," yelled The Toff. " Nothing of thie kind," said The Parson; "b hut merely to give you something to think of-if I can drive anything into your head without trepanning you. As for Bishop Ohnisore, what little I have seen of him I like and I wish him all prosperity." With which sentiment all agreed, and tihe proceedinos eloeod, hbut not with the bsnoaiotian. 