'SMILER' ON HIS TRAVELS. Our Special at Work. HE INTERVIEWS MEN OF ALL COLORS. 'White, Elnelc, and Red. riOUTING AND FIGHTERS. Ids Arrival In England— An Interesting Budget of Newsy Notes. Liverpool, May'.8, 1S92. Sinco my last letter to tho Kkfebee I havo wandered round considerably, aud expect to bo iu London to-morrow, when I shall at onco visit both Skivin and Jackson in their train ing quarters, and. hope to secure portraits of both men atthoir work, which I will forward to tho Rkpeuee, with a full aocouut of tho condition of the now world-famous gladiators. T11E JACKSON-SLJ.VIN FIQUT. At tho present time betting is 'slightly iu favor of Peter, who has revivod tho confideneo- of his many admirer* by tho consistent fashion iu which ho has beou attending to business over since this match was arranged. Slavin, on tho other hand, has lost ground through his reckloss habits and over*confideiico. Paddy did somo real hard drinking while iu Ameriua, and managed to mako himself unpopular, partly on his own account und partly on account of Charley Miteholl. Talking of that gentleman reminds mo that during my short stay in many of tho principal citios of Amorica I was struck with the absolulo hatrod Americans havo of this man Mitchell. More than ouco I havo mot men who told me that thoy havo stood iu a bar-room waiting for Mitcholl to mako a bad break, so that thoy could find an excuso to sond a jnuk of lead into him. Ho is fairly loathod by. peoplo iu tho States. Yot all tho people whoso opinion is worth a cent avor that ho is ono of tho vory greatest fighters that over aiisted. It galls them to give him praise, but they havo to do it. Should ho ever again go to America, I think ho will run a big chauco of being killod. I hopo shortly to seo this man, aud will toll tho Ubkekee readors what I think of him. Jim Hull says lie is a wonder, and would knock tho soul outof Joe Goddard in a few rounds. But let luo get back a bit. JACK DHMPSEY. I left 'Frisco shortly after my last letter to you. and journoyed to Portland to see Jack Dcmpsoy, tho one-timo wonder of tho pugilistic ring. Dempsoy is now manager of tho Pastimo Club in Portland, tho capital city of Oregon County, where ho is well liked. Dompsey struck me as being a wondor fully well-informed man, of gentlemanly address, and uieo polished manner. Ho is about as big as Dawson. I put him on the scales myself, and ho weighed 1-Mlb. Ho sparred with a pupil to allow me to see him at work. He must hav* been a wonder in his day to whip such men as Billy M'C'nrly and the others whom he hns downed, hut it is no credit to a big fellow liko FiUsnmuous to punch him out. Hall would have dono that trick just as surely, aud I think a trifio more rapidly. As a matter of fact, Dompsoy is uot nearly as big as Molloy, nor as largo in build as Tom Williams, our champion 1401b man. AMONG THE HED MEN. Whilst at Portland tho news came through mac cnero was iu uu liuuuiu nnu luu iiiuiuiis near Fort Cnster, tho sceno of tho terrible massacre of the American troops a few years back, and as 1 wished to seo a field fightoutsido the magic, circle I at ouce pushed on to tho Bad Lands ; the light did not como off, though I saw plenty of rod devils in warpaint. The troops do not give them many chances now, but hem them in at tho llrst sign of trouble. Tho red warriors danced the ghost dance and did a lot of bragging, but as thoy did not seom at all inclined to come to blows I pushed on, not, however, until I had gathered many talo3 of savage lifo for tho BmD o' Fkeebom from the scouts, and from members of tho troops, and from tho hunters who abound in that rogiou. They had somo sport at Holena as I was passing through — shooting, not box ing ; I did not soo it, but a corpse was brought in with seven bullets iu the body. X was told that it had been raro fun— except for tho defunct. AT CHICAGO I had a look at Battery D., Parson Davios' stronghold. It is a good place iu which to hold a sparring exhibition, but nothing to make a man crazy abont. Jim Hall is very strong in Chicago. Ho can got backing there 'for pretty nigh any part of 50,000dol. to light any man on earth up to lOUb. Hull has managed to make himself popular by his uniform good conduct. Pitzsimmons has some friends iu Chicago also, but not many. Ho puts on so many airs now that folks only laugh at him. His bluff at Sullivan has made) him tho laughing stock of America. He is now known as JIJIMT CARROLl'8 JIKAL TICKET, and nil America will rejoico to seo him whipped ; but there is no American at tho weight whom I havo yot seen who has a ghost of a chance of accomplishing that difficult task. Leaving Chicago I made my way to Boston, passing tho Niagara Falls on my way. Tho Falls did not strike me dumb with amazement, as they nro not nearly so imposing as tho descriptions written of them lead ono to sup pose. At Minneapolis the erratic Spider Weir was to fight a fellow unknown to famo, named Tommy White. 1 did not stop over to see this mill, aud was glad tliat I did not do so, ns it turned ont to bo a bit of a fizzle. At Boston the sporting Prossmenaroof tho whitest description possible, and though they know a good deal about Australian sporting matters, through reading tho Kefeuke, still they were eager for information upon all sorts of topics relating to tho land of the Kangaroo. Our old friend, Captain Cook,- ''The Crank on Fightors,' whoso articles have boon so very extensively copied into tho Refekee, made my stay delightful. Ho is now tho proprietor of tho Police News, and helps to koep sports clean in hi&partof; tho world. CKORCIE QODKUEV. Goorgo Godfroy, tho well-known colored pugilist, who was Peter Jackson's first victim in America, is running a boxing saloou in Boston. Ho and his brother Dave, a nice, smart lad of about lMlb, keep tho pupils ears warm all tho timo. Godfrey iu a very popular man in Boston city, whero ho is respected on account of his intogrity nnd courtesy to all classes of people. Godfrey has, in fact, just tho samo sort of character iu Boston us Jackson has in Sydney. I did not hoar a single hard word about him during tho wholo of my slay iu that city, and Boston is the most fasti dious city in all the American Coutinent. HARVARD COLLEGE. In an article liko this present one it would bo absurd for mo to attempt to describe Harvard College, tho homo and crndlo of American learning. I had a quiet glimpse at this glorious place, which shelters best part of u. couple of thousand students, Mr. Dan Sauudors, the athletic editor of tho Boston Globe, acting ns my guide. Vina running' 'tracks are laid down in tho grounds, besides good bicycle trackB, cricket grouuds, foot ball grounds, tennis courts, and baseball grounds. A aplondidly appointed gymnasium is open day and night for the use of students, and ovory appliance that a boxer, wrestler, runner, or sculler may nood in his training can bo fonnd thcro. Quito a numbor of instructors of all sorts abound in 'and near Harvard. It is a place of which tho Amorican peoplo may well feel prond. '? ' OEOROE ll'KENZIE. At Boston I first learned that Goorgo M'Konzio had arrived in America. I arrangod with Prosidont Fulda. of tho California Club to givo M'Konzio a fight forapurto of J2250as soon as ho landod. When writing to M'Kcnzio I told ? him to cablo tho fact of his do parturo from Sydney, so that a man might bo pickod to meet him. He . did not do as requested, and I therefore canio to tho conclusion that ho was not going to como to Amorica by tho Alamcda. Ho haa nothing but bis own carelessness to thank for not being matohod boforo his arrival. At Boston, u mail named Frazor, a l«0lb man, wanted to moot M'Koimu, and spoko to Captain Conk about him. Tho Cap' wired to President Fulda, stating that Frazor was will -ng to moot tho Sydney man, bnt no answer had boon rocoivod up to tho timo of my departure from Boston. AMONGST THE SCDLLEI1S. ? I oponed up negotiations with sovcral vory prominent sculling men regarding Stanbury, and boforo you get this I may solid a cablo .utatiug that I havo sucnrod good purses for Jim, and also his oxpensos, as I havo booatryiug to arrange throe matches for good purses ; ono with 0 Connor, oiio with Gaudaur, and ono with Teenier. If it comes off Staubury will mako 15,000dol, besides his expenses to this country nnd home again. Aftor a most pleasant timo iu Boston I loft for Now York city, having passed through California, Oregon, Washing tod,, Idahoo, Montana, North Dacota, Minne sota, Wisconsin, Illinois, Indiaua, Michigan, a coruorof Canada, and Now lork States. JIM HALL, At Now York city I mot Jim Hall. He has grown a lot, and is now a big follow, but his head . is the samo oizo as of old. Ho is a modest fellow, and quite a quiet follow. llo lmH a great ngly sc.ir, commenoing under the lobu of his left ear und ending at the point of his chin. How Parson Davius failed to kill him is a mystery : why half his head must havo been nearly off on that occasion. Hall is vory popular. Ho does uot wear a plug hat, nor gloves, nordiamonds, but goes round as quietly as his most ardunt admirer could wish, llo has improved in his boxing Bince he left Sydney. Ho crawled all ovor Choynski at Nibloa Gardous, and ono night when tho men got very hot in their work, Hall fairly dazed tho California!.. Hall is now upon tho wator crossing over to put tho fiuishitig touches on Jackson, whom he will second iu the coming fight with Slaviu. PAUSON DA VIES. Pnraon Davies is a very nice, affable, gentle manly man, whom it is a pleasure to meet. He dresses liko a preacher, und usually has a pensive, half-pleased smile, like that of a Mothodist parson looking for a bridal fee. No one would ovor guess that Uo lived by managing pugs. GEORGE DIXON. Mr. Thomas O'Rourko wirod me from Phila delphia that ho and Iiixon would liko to meet tho Refekke representative before I sailed from America. I met tho pair at tho Metro politan on Broadway, and found them a uico pair to spon k to. I saw Dixon *? go' at Miner's Theatre; tho littlo fellow is a wonder, and will givo Murphy a terriblo hard fight. He has arms as big and as long as those of Jim Hall. Ho and Ciriffo would mako a great battlo-Griffo would win ; but ho would havo the fight of his life, for this littlo chap is as qniok as a flash. Ho ducks beautifully, has great feet, and can fight both in an out. Al Smith, ono of America's best judges, told mo that he had scon this lad tried clean out, and that he has not a yellow streak iu all his com position. Ho fight3 Johnson, of London, shortly, and unless tho Briton is a real clinker, he will have a bad time. I havo not seen him, so can form no opinion of his chances with the colored wonder. Should the latter fall, tho Americans will drop a lot of money, for tho New Yorkers bet heavily on their pets. THE CONEY ISLAND CLUB. This fino institution is now waking up, and means to make a big bid to prevent all the big lights comiug off in New Orleans or Lon don. I received a commission to match 'Shadow' Maber against eithor Dick Bur;;o or ,Iim Carney for a purao of 3000dol. I toid them just what manner of mau Maber was, and thov at ouee jumped at a chance to match him with the pick of England in tho light weight division, so that tho ' Shadow' will at last hnvu a chnncotowintheworld'schauipion ship. He wrote me stating his willingness to meet any mau living at the world's champion ship limit, viz., 1301b, givo or takotwo pounds. Ho stated that he woiild prefer Dawson if ho would como to weight. Should I bo ablo to tempt either Caruev or Burgo to accept tho club's offer I will at onco lot you know, so that you can toll how things avo fixed. I have also iu my pocket a commission for a match between Tom Williams, the champion 140 pound man 'of Australia, aud tho best man in America, for a pnrso of SOOOdoI. Should Williams consent to go I will go with him and look aftor his interests' on that side of the water. Williams can, if properly huudled, mako quite a pot of money. The next coin, that I havo is for TED 1'BITCHAUD AND Jill HALL. Tho purso offored is 12.00n.lol, aud SOOclol expenses for Prilchard. Hall is very willing, aud it only remains for tho Englishmen to say ' yes ' to the fair proposals. I shall see him in a couplo of days, and if ho is a sensible fellow ho will jump ut tho. chanoo to make such a pot of money. I shall eoo his fight with O'Br.icn, and will send the ivEFEKEB a full account of it. also somo pictures of the mau ut his work, showing his style. THE ENGLISH DERBY. I shall havo a look at the Derby, and as I nm doing that for somo of tho American papers, I will i-cuG you a brief account. A HONSHU 1NTEP.NATIONAL RACE By-tho-way. talking of horses, it is said ilia tho Chicago World's Fair Committoo have do cided to offer a phenomenal sum for a stako for a purely International horserace. England, France, Germany, and Austria aro said to bo represented, aud I have boon asked upon all sides if it is probablu that Aus tralia will sond a champion. I havo told them of llio mighty Marvol, but no one will beliove his record, nor Carbine's either. Should Australia send a great race liorso (not a Narrellau nor a Kirklmm) and happen to pull off the Chicago affair, it will open American eves to Australian horses, and open a market for our blood stock as well. Therefore, I trust that such a horse as Marvol may go to that great pork-packing centre and uphold tho credit of tho Australian turf. 