M.8JCL. HEWS, Life in London and Thereabout. (Chbonicled by Heney Lucy.) A Domestic Tbaqedt.— The Ghost still 'Waxk- n«a.— Mohe Odd Clubs.— -The Gbeat Blowitz. WESTMINSTER, Mat 27 There still haunts London, and occasionally cornea to the top with other scum, a shabbily dressed, pale-faced, cruel-eyed man, who, just 20 years ago, had, centred upon the pillar of infamy to which, he had climbed, the eyes of all English people. From time to time, since the heyday of his career, his name '«m come up in one or other ?* of the courts at which he once was permitted to practise. He has long been struck off the rolls, but must live somehow, and certainly does, for he appeared the other day before the Judges with a complaint that two members of Parliament declined to present on his be half a petition to the House of Commons. Although 20 years have elapsed, I remember as if it were yesterday the scene in the dingy police court on the Surrey side. I was trying my 'prentice hand in j ournalism, and had been deputed by the Pall Mall Gazette to note an account of this case. The action was brought by this, even then, seedy solicitor, against an eminent lawyer, Chan cellor of the Diocese of London, Vicar-General of Canterbury,' and Advocate -General to her Majesty the Queen. With this eminent person was coupled in the defence his wife, a still young and fascinating fbman, well known in London society, a lady received at Court and in many ot the best houses. I remember how the story was unfolded by the dexterous hands of Mr. Poland, the prosecuting counsel. It showed how, 10 yoars earlier, immediately on the marriage of the eminent lawyer, a letter reached him making a demand for instant payment of £150 on pain of publication of certain alleged incidents in the bride's career. ? In a moment of weakness the hus band paid a sum of £50, for which he took a rcccipt in full for all demands. But as soon as the £50 were spent the vampire came back for more. How much ho finally got was never pub licly stated ; but, listening to tho evidence, it was not difficult to conjure up a picture of domestic torture which exceeds anything feigned by the fancy of the most fertile novelist. Here was her Majesty's Advocate-General, Chancellor of the Diocese of London, Vicar-General of Canterbury, , going about his business through the day, and in _ ?* the evening-handing his wife to her carriage, their .departure- for some bright social scene being watched by the 6eedy stranger ever lurking round the house, with outstretchod hand and the cease- ? loss. cry, ' More', more.' In 1S69 things seemed to reach a crisis. The ' lady's name appeared in the list of persons who had attended the Queen's Drawing-room. Thereupon the Lord Great Chamberlain received a letter signed by the seedily-dressed mau, in which lie brought definite accusations against the lady before her marriage, alleging that she had lived an immoral life. The Lord Great Chamber lain inquired into the matter, and was easily satis fied that there was no foundation for the spiteful calumny. Thus rebuffed, 'the eleuth-hound lay low for a time, but he never left the track. A fresh demand for money being met by the harrassed husband with a deliberate ' No,' he went to Bow-street Police Court, and on his oath recorded what purported to be her . private history, alleging that she was a common etruhipet,. who had lain even in the arms of this nameless man, and was known to all the regular frequenters of tho rowdiest London casinos. This was more than could be met by silence, and after j a while a criminal charge of libel was laid against j the man, and he was placed in the dock of the | Soutliwark Police Court. Tho lady having told j her story, the man in the dock turned to cross cxamine. her. For two long days she bore the j torture, being dragged through the juire by the j ruthless hand of the quietly-mannered, seedy looking, pale-faced man, who stared at her with basilisk eyes. All London rang with indignation at the spectacle. If tho crowd at the back of the ;? police court, and the still larger mob that waited outside, could have got hold of the creature they ?would have torn him limb from limb. ' I remember very well the close of the second day's cross- examination — the well-dressed still girlish figure with the gentle innocent- looking face, tearful under the insults heaped upon her by . the man in the dock, who called her strange en dearing names and spoke with terrible distinctness of scenes of shame he said she had shared with him. She had passed through the ordeal' bravely, and, it seemed, triumphantly. Her indignant denial of his story had been unshaken. He was at the end of his tether, but had insisted on an ad journment, declaring his intention of puttiug a few more questions on the following morning. When the morning came the magistrate was on the bench as usual, the prisoner in the dock, the-' counsel in his place; the crowd filling the court, and the multitude outside stretching across the roadway. Only one seat was vacant. That was the chair on which the hapless woman had sat through two cruel days, hiding behind the mask of her fair face torture .such as few have suffered and lived through. After an anxious interval, Mr. Poland hastily withdrew, and, presently returning, announced in bushed voioe that the lady had determined not again to appear in court, had quitted her home, and fled from London. At thin moment, over a space of 20 years, I can recall the gleam of malignant pleasure that flushed for a moment the pale face of the soedy man in the dock. Husband and wife on that day finally disappeared from the lofty and honoured station in which they had moved. But the seedy man, seedier than ever, still floats about in the backwaters of London life, shamelessly coming to the front from time to time as in this action against members of Parliament, but ever verifying the forecast with which the magistrate at the Southwark Police Court parted with liim. ' Your conduct in this case,*' he said, amid eavngo cheering from the crowd in court, ' will cling to you as a reproach to the end of your days, and you will live an object of contempt . to all honest men.' The social lion of the week is M. von Blowitz, whom Paris has spared to us for awhile. M. Blowitz, as all the world knows, is the friend, companion, andconfidant of princes, kings, em perors, chancellors, and the Pope. Incidentally he is Paris correspondent for the Times. He very rarely leaves Paris, as, indeed, how could he, seeing that it is the hub of the continental world ? It is understood that of late he has claimed the privilege of partial withdrawal from discharge of his important duties. He does not now interview anyone under the rank of a duke, or report con versation of any of lesser degree than a marquis. Still he supervises the general business of the office. Apart from his undoubted journalistic genius he is a very remarkable man. In height he is, I should say, fully 5ft., and in diameter some 3ft. lOin. — figures, it muBt be admitted, that do not lend themselves to symmetry. In truth M. Blowitz approaches the grotesque in appearance, but so remarkable is his fascination that with a bevy of ladies, the handsomest man in London has no chance with him. Looking at him in a draw ing-room sitting on a sofa, with his feet well off the ground, surrounded by fair and famous women, one thinks of John Wilkes's boast that, with a quarter of an hour's start, he would not fear the competition of any man in the race for a beauty's favour. So superior are M. Blowitz's natural advantages that five minutes start would be enough for him. He has learned English lately, and talks it with fluency, if not always with precision. There is a charming story told of his greeting to his host and hostess when he visited Bearwood on his arrival in England at the end of last week. ' And are you well off, Mr. Walter P' he asked, anxious for the state of his host's health. ' Ah, and there is Madame; 6he is well off too, I can see.' 