Brief Mention. Land sale and lucoio at Cumberland Model Farms on Prince of Wales Birthday. Social and concert at Castle Hill on Tuesday evening next—B.C. Pteshytery again. Mr. G. H. Mobbfl' Cavalry horse has gone the way of all horse-flesh. Musical and dramatic entertainment at All : Saints'schoolroom on Tuesday evening. . Abigail and MoNamara found guilty: Salmon and Twist aoquitted. The result wus pretty generally expected. Abigail, five years; McNamara, seven years. Murrumbidgee Rae, M.L.A, removed from the Assembly by He Sergeant-at- Arms the other night. He refnaed to obey the Chairman's ruling. Half an hour's consideration .made him eeematters in a different light. Postmaster-General Kidd visited Paramatta on Thursday to view different sites for a Post Office at Parramatta North. The Quarry Reserve, Parramatta, is. bong surveyed preparatory to being cut up and sold. Rev. J. W. Inglis says, female suffrage is in 'the air. Rev. J.' W. Winspear seems to think it had better stay .there. The agitation in connexion with the trial and conviction of the Btoken Hill leaders iB not of so pronounced a charaoter as was expected. The miners of Broken Hill have deoided against declaring the strike off. liberty Plains Horticultural Society's annual show a great success. Humoured that Mr. M'Credie's residence at Sherwood—" Linnwood"—has been disposed of by the proprietor for £30,000. No qnoram at the ordinary fortnightly meeting of the Bookwood Borough Council on Wednesday. Speoial meeting of the Oounoil convened for this evening. Notwithstanding the extremely inclement weather on Wednesday evening, there was a large attendance at the Horticultural Society's Show. Mrs. Boper's table decorations were very striking. Mr. Bumble's vegetables were alike a credit to tbe grower and to the .district. A heavy hail-storm " down the line," [last -week, hBd handicapped the Croydon and Homebueh growers. Mr. W. Mitchell's roses were blooms only requiring to be Been to .be thoroughly admired. . Mr. " Secretary" Thomas of the Liberty Plains Horticultural Society is Al as an organiser. Result—tbe most gratifying record, every way, at Wednesday and Thursday's Spring Show. Like all wide- awake officials, he gives sufficient courteous attention to the Press to enable tbe knights of the pencil to do something like justice to'his society's healthy eflortB. Alderman Oorbetl's manipulation of the lime light' was a perfect success. The united efforts of Alderman Jay, Bidley, Garthwaite, Conroy and Gormley of Bookwood, and Aldermen Thomas, Furnival and Eoper, of Auburn, went a long way to make a success of Wednesday's^how. Mayor Palmer, of Granville, has received a shock. He baa discovered that half his associates at the Council table are among the de well, the non-paying ratepayers. As he oommuuicated this piece of news to his brethren on Wednesday, hie glanoed sharply around the table, bat ne'er the ghost of a blush could be seen. Council Clerk Wickham of Parramatta, is away on leave of absence. He has gone where neither Thorpe, nor speoial audits, nor Hunt'.* Creek water oaa trouble him. ~ Ex-Mayor Cox is taking oar® of S.W. Most enjoyable Frees re-union at Bosehillon Thursday : the Bosehill management playing host in a most genial and aooeptable fashion. Flower services at'St. John's and All Saint's Churohee, Parramatta, last Sunday; likewise at Christ Church, Blacktown. Some of the Ermington and Bydolmere •municipal councillors seem wonderfully fond of kioking against the pricks. Mr. James Ashworth, tbe well-known clerk of the course at hundreds of race meetings, died on Thursday ; morning at Prince Alfred Hospital. He met with an accident at Warwick Farm, on October 6th. Documents referring to betting transactions are to be inore stringently dealt with under the new Postage Act, just introduced. Appalling. railway accident in Yorkshire . (England) on 'Wednesday morning. Baby-farming extraordinary.—A horrible discovery ' of five bodies of infants has been made in.ayard,llBcdonaldt6wn.. Two bodies were foundln tbe'same place a few days ago. Bungebah won the Flying Stakes, and Titan the Spripg Handicap at Thursday's Flemington aces. There :ba*e been 706 inquests held in the oolony during the firstsix months of the year. A Sup>$ 4MH, Covering £140,000, towards leconping the Treasury for payments made, has pawed the Assembly. ' Parliament stands adjourned till next Thurs- • day. • ' '". 1 St.' Phillip's -bazaar, Auburn, was a highly, -successful. Tbe opening ceremony was performed by 'Mrs. Harris, wife of Dr. Hams, of the King's School, Parramatta, J Auburn Literary Society v. Woollahra ' Debating Society. Debate ended in favour of the former. The Baby benefit concert on Friday last was fairly well attended. The Granville Technical Classes will close for the vacation on the 17th inBtant. A carpet snake 6ft 3in long was killed by Mr. Callen, at Bydalmere last week. THE MBLEODBNB CDP The unexpected has once more happened in tbe big Australian race. . A iank.onbuaer—Glenloth—bas won—much to the joy of Messieurs tike bookies. The horse started at 100 to 3. Mr. Forrester's two re< resentatives, Bonda and Penance filledth '•econd and third places. [ 