I THE HOUSEHOLD. ! Sick-room Cookery. — This (says " A Lady of Scot land," writing in the Agricultural, Gazette) is a brunch of tbe culinary art that differs, in some essentials, from the rules that guide the ordinary cook. For the sick everything must be seasoned with a sparing hand, for spices and condiments, that would provoke the appetite in a healthy subject, will prove distaste ful to a sickly one, and even aggravate certain dis orders. Little sugar, absolutely no salt, and peppers, if at all, in the smallest pioportion, is the rule; the exception must be in cases where the nurse, of her own knowledge, or acting under the doctor's orders, is certain no harm will follow. A weakened appetite Boon turns against a too frequent repetition of the same food, and it lies with the nurse to contrive some harmless novelty to tempt it. While, therefore, she must, attend strictly to the prescribed quantities of medicine, she may exercise her own discretion as to food, provided she has some acquaintance with the effects of the different kinds on the human body. Vegetables are rarely suitable for invalids ; stewed fruits, on the contrary, are medicinal, and often highly beneficial. Authorities differ greatly in their estimate of starchy foods, some of them holding they are in no sense nutritions, and, if taken alone, must lead to starvation. Mis3 Nightingale has said of arrowroot "that it is only useful as a vehicle for administering wine " ; but, on the other hand, people have been known to live for a month at a time entirely on arrowroot and water, and been grateful to starchy food ever after. Arrowroot and corn flour are now believed to be most useful agents in the sick room ; while there are so many preparations of invalid food, each with peculiar properties of their own, the intelligent nurse need be at no loss to vary lier patient's diet. But high on the list of invalids' food must he placed oatmeal, gruel, the strengthening properties of which are but imperfectly understood, and certainly deserve to be better known. In one case of extreme weakness, where the patient was to all appearance sinking, three tafclespoonfuls of oatmeal gruel, to which was added medicinally, one spoonful of spirit, given every two hours, worked such a wonderful change for the better as to astonish the medical attendant,- and lead him to commit, what had been an almost hope less case, to the nurse— with the remark, " Just go on with your nursing." Gruel is made thus : Put five tablespoonfnls of oatmeal — less or more as it is wanted thick or thin — and mix to a liquid paste with cold water; then stir it into a pint and a half or two pints of boiling water and strain through a sieve close enough to keep back all the grains ; boil it in an enamelled saucepan till about the thickness of good cream. If properly made and sufficiently boiled, it will get thicker as it cools. Plain or raspberry vinegar, spirits, sugar, salt, or even a little butter may be added. Beef-tea is so well-known as to need no recom mendation, yet inexperienced people are sometimes at a loss in setting about the making of it. One ounce of beef to six tablespoonfuls of water is a proper pro portion for good beef tea. Cut the meat into dice ; put it into a stewpan, and add cold water in the above proportion. Let it stand away from the fire for 10 minutes, as certain parts of beef are only soluble in cold water ; then put it to. beat very gradually, and at last boil it 10 minutes. Chicken for soup should be boiled six hours in a covered stone jar set into a pan of boiling water. Gelatine added to beef-tea, or chicken soup, makes it more nourishing, and also makes a change for the patient. Soak 4oz. of it in j- pint of cold water ; add to it a cupful of beef-tea or chicken soup, and stir it over the fire till the gelatine is quite dissolved ; when cold it will be a linn jelly, almost as good as calf's-foot jelly, and made with much less trouble. Restorative Jelly. — Put loz. isinglass, h dozen cloves, loz. pounded gum arabic, 2oz. sugar, and £ pint, of the best medicinal port wine into a bo..l ; let the mixture stand covered over for a night ; then put the bowl into a saucepan of boiling water, and stand it near the fire till the isinglass and gum arabie are quite dissolved ; pour through a piece of muslin, let it stand till cool, and then cut it. up into squares. Barley water is one of the. best diluents in any febrile disorder, or while 'a patient is under blister. When barley, in any shape, is given to an invalid, it should first be soaked in boiling water to remove the acid. In making barley-water, it should simmer for an hour. A handful of raisins boiled in it makes a more palatable drink, while it is no less whole some. Cream op Barley is a cooling and nourishing form of food, and may be safely given in feverish attacks. Cut up half-pound of lean veal, put it in a saucepan with a pint of cold water, and add two ounces of barley previously soaked in boiling water. Boil together for six hours, adding a little water as it wastes. Pound the whole in a mortar, and rub it through the tammy sieve with the liquor. Invalid Custard.— The yolks of two eggs and tho white of one, beaten up with a cupful of milk, put into a buttered teacup, and steam ten minutes. Tiie Value op the Onion.— While the onion stands at a disadvantage among vegetables on account of its pronounced and not wholly agreeable odour, it is, doubtless, one of the most valuable and healthful products of the garden. This value is not confined to its use as an article of diet, since the efficiency of onion poultices in cases of croup and similar diseases are too well known to need repetition. The roasted heart of an onion, placed in the ear as hot as it can be borne, will often relieve cases of earache when other remedies fail, and a very excellent cough syrup is made by putting one half cup of minced onions into a cup each of vinegar and molasses, simmering on the stove for half an hour, and then straining. A tea- spoonful of this syrup taken frequently will relieve severe cases of cough and hoarseness. It is claimed that onions, as an article of .food, are excellent blood purifiers, greatly improving the complexion, and, of course, entirely harmless. As a nervine, they are very beneficial, either cooked or raw, and, if eaten in the natural state, the addition of a little salt or pepper- makes them more palatable. The large imported variety are much less pungent and disagreeable to the taste than smaller native growth, but equally efficient in remedial action. The Attic. — Nothing is more discouraging to a good housekeeper than to move into a- house with a neglected attic where the debris of all the previous housekeepers has been allowed to collect. It is im possible to calculate how much dust and unwhole- someness drifts down through the house from such a neglected spot as this. A good housekeeper has no such neglected spots. Her house cleaning does not' begin with the storey under the attic, but with the attic itself. There are ghosts enough in a forgotten attic to furnish a volume of mysteries. It is not an uncommon thing for people to consign to the attic their worn-out shoes, their cast-off bonnets and hats, their decrepit, furniture which has passed usefulness, all their old belongings, in prospect perhaps of some general resurrection day which never comes, i They move away and another tenant comes, who follows the esample which has been set by his pre decessor. .Thus debris and dust and tho unwholo- aomeness t hat come with llieiii accumulate. There is nothing more absurd that this practice of hoarding up trash. The attic of a house should be kept as clear as possible from all articles which are not of positive value, in order that it: may be freely dusted and swept like any other portion of the house. A single woollen garment or old wool hat. may alone bring moths enough to infest a whole house if left neglected iu the garret. Let att ics be kept, clean and cellars dry if you expect to live in a wholesome house. Autumn Preserves— German Recipes.-— Pears in.' vinegar : Winter Bergahiot or other sinall peiirs must be peeled smooth, ileavjiig. oir.t he stems, and either left whole or halved and the, kernels takeiFbnfc. -To every pound of pears allow half a pint of vinegar, Ooz. of sugar, a st'ckof cinnamon; and a dozen cloves. Boil these ingredients a few iiiinnt.es, then lay in the pears, and let them' simiiier till a pin goes easily through t.heni, but. not lu-?g enough. tu soften them. Take out the pears, drain t.heni- -on a sieve, and lay iheni in the jars. Boil down the syrup .thicker, and when cold pour it over the fruit. Should the svrnp become thin in a few days, boil it over again. . Quince cakes : Boil the quinces .whole, without peeking them, till quite sqi't-;-- then peel and core them. .Work the pulp through a coarse sieve. Allow lib. of sugar, tollb.tcif. fruit.,- Moisten the sugar with a little water, and boil it until beads form ; then put in the fruit, and boil this, with, constant stirring, to a stiff, smooth jam. Make little trays of : white paper, . fill, them half an inch thick with the fruit, and put. them to dry in a cool oven, or' spread, the mass out: thin on plates, and when somewhat dried set them to get cold. Cut the fruit -into any ; small shapes. Those dried on paper are removed by dipping the paper info cold water. Quince jelly: Choose quinces that are quite ripe and yellow, wash and wipe, but do not peel them. Slice them and take out the kernels, put the slices, in an- earthen preserving, pan, shake, and press them down ; pour, in .boiling water, enough barely to cover the fruit, boil it until the colour deepens and it becomes quite soft, then pour it into a jelly bag, or press the fruit through a napkin and fine sieve. In either case the juice must be filtered three times, till it runs quite clear ; then add fib. of sugar to lib. of juice, and boil until it thickens to a clear syrup, and forms a hanging network on a silver spoon dipped in. Fill small glasses, and tie them over the next day.— Queen. Barrister — A gentleman with a grievance. A inguist of brief accomplishments'. She was my idyl when I wooed, My ideal when I won ; My idol when in after years. 