*DEATH OF GAWDtNiAL WICNaiGu. 9 (BauTERi's TETLEGIAM) SLoNDoN, Thursday. CARDINAl MANNING is rapidly sinking. There are no hopes held out of his recovery. 'The last eaoramento of the church were administered this moring Later. Cardinal Manning is dead. [rManning, his Eminence uenry Edward, Car stinal Priest of the coman Church and Archbishop of Westminster, son of the late Wlliam Manning. Eyq., MPI., merchant of London, born at ToB. teridge, Hertfordshire, July 15th, 1003; was educated at Harrow and Balliol College. Oxford, where he graduated B.A. in firsteclass honours in 1i0, and became Fellow of aerton College. ie was for some time one of the select preachers ini the University of Oxford; was appointed Iector of Lavington and Graflhamn , Sussexu in 163i, and Archdeacon of Chichester in l185. rhese prefer meats he resigned in 1851 on joiniug the Roinsa Catholiu Church, ie which he entered the priest. hood, and in 1i57 founded an ecolesiastical cougre gation at olyewater. entitled the Oblates of St. Charles Borromeo. The degree of D.D. was con" ferred upan him at ioms, and the omloe of Provost of the Catholic Archdioceae of Westminster. Pro. thonotary Apostolic, and Domestic Prolate to the Pope. On the death of his Emoeneae Cardinal Wiceman, Monsignor Manning became Archbishop of deatmnoster. June 8th, 18b5. Pope Pius IX. created him a Cardinal Priest March lth, 15'75. the title assigned to him being that of .6. Anudrew and Gregory on the Cmlina Hlill. Dr. Manning wrote four volumes of sermons and other works beflore 185; since that date "'TDo Grounds of Faith." 1853; "Temporal bovereignty ot the Popes," three lectures, 1i6t; "The Last Glories of the.e Holy e Greater than the First." three lectuires, 1881; "The present Crisis of the HIoly .See tested by Prophecy," four ictures, 1881; "The Temporal Power of the Vicar of Jeusn Christ," 2nd edition, 186e; "Bermons on Eccle slastical Subjeots, with an Introduction on the B elations of *ngland to Christianity," 183; "The Crown in Council on the 'Essays and Revtews?' a Letter to an Anglican Friued," 188-; " The Convocation and the Crown in Council: a Second Letter to an Anglican .Friend," 1864; "The Temporal Mission of the Holy Ghost, or Reason and lRovelatios," 1665; "The Rte-union of Chrietendom : a Pastoral Letter to the Clergy," 18066 i " hoe.Temporal Power of the Pope in its Political Aspect."' 1816; "The Centenary of St. Peter and the General Council," 1b87; "England and Christendom," 187" Ir?eland, a Letter to Earl Grey." 188; " Tlhe (Ecumenical Council and the Infallibility of the Roman Ponttiff: a astoral Lotter to the Clergy," 1869;i " The Vatican Coulncil and its Definitions: a Pastoral Letter," 1e70; " Petri Privilegium £ three Pastoral Letters to the Clergy of the Diocese of Westminster," 1n71: "TThe Fourfold Sovereiguty of God," a series of lectures, 1871; "The l)lmon of doecratol," 1b7d; " The Internal Mission of the Holy Ghost." 18756; "TheVatican Decrees in their bearing on Civil Allegiance," 1875. in reply to Mr. Gladstone's "Ep otulation" I beides numerous sermons and Phamphlets. Cardinal Manning was well known, not only for his work as a aomon Catholic Prelate and Divine, but also for his exertions in the cause of temperance and other modes of social reform. 'The elebration of the Cardinal's episcopal jubilee took place on Sunday, June 8th, 1Q00.) The oldest man in the world is a citizen of Bogeta, in 'the Lepublio of San ialvedor. This new Mothuselah deolares that he is 180 Jear. old, and it would seem he flutters him self, for his noighbours give tbohe assureoce that he is older than he says he is. T. Fax.x Low, Attorney, Solicitor and 1rootor, Notary Publio, 38 unter.street, Noeswcstle. 4032 . , ' : .,.,: L ', ..I ..; ., ?,.?.. ;. : ,, 