HASTI'GS. The names of Messrs 'Carmichael, Knox and Chandleir, were inadvertently ommitted from the list of committee names, which appeared in our last issue, in connection with the Morn'ngton Relief Fund. The little town appears to be suffering from the dullness, us? l.at this. time of the 'year, as' oir notes lately seem to consist of little, else than announcing and reporting the result of meetings. Some of the said meetings being " warn, very warm," ranging from 140 in the sun, down to 2 in the shade. It is the intention of the Mornington Relief Fund committee here, to have a "social," consisting of songs, recitations, dancing, etc., on the 24th June. The cause being a good one, we hope. the house will be a "bumper," it will not be the fault of the committee if such is not the case, the members of.the Hastings Battery Minstrel Troupe also intend giving a concert in aid of the above mentioned fund, on.-the 15th July. Their concerts have hitherto being well patronised, the musical portion of the the entertainment especially, being thoroughly appreciated. On Monday - week visitors to the pier, might have: seen that " a little ship was on the seas," tho' it was anything but a pleasant sight, one of our most esteemed residents having taken it into his head to have a craft built for some special trade on the Koo-weo-rup canal; left our shores with the good will of everyone, we were glad [to learn that he -reached his journeys and in .'safety. During .the stormy night we thought of him " full many a time and oft," for following out Bayley's advice this is truly a case of "absence makes the heart'grow fonder." The fishermen here are wondenng why we had been denied a visit from the Lady Lock with thefishing. com mission on board,. this being one of the principal fishing grounds' of "the colony. - That some of our localities are taking precautiods against" the increased stock- tax by laying past a winter supply, was - very evident from thel quantities of meat of all kinds seen lying, on the ' station about the time of the arrival of the evening train on Tuesday, the purchaser of one "ig being particularly jubliant; Why? We know not!, for -the arrival in question, not being possessed with a curly 'tail, could not like "Hamlet's father's ghost," a tail unfold." 