HINTS FOR INFANT & JUNIOR CLASSES. Text "lie ye doers of the Word, and not hearers only " (Jas 1: 22). Points to be worked out as Lesson proceeds. 1. Persecution sometimes the means of spreading the truth. 2. True religion makes us glad. 3. Love shows itself in generous deeds. Result of the persecution. You remember how Stephen was put to death. Tell me what you know about it. Well, he was not the only one who suffered j many others were persecuted for righteousness' sake— so much so that they had to leave their homes and fly to other places, and settle there. Was this a good or a bad thing ? I dare say at the time it seemed only bad, Your father and mother would not 1 ike t be driven from their homes and their business, to settle in quite a new place, where they did not know anybody. But sometimes good comes of what seems only trouble at the time, and so it was now. The people who fled away carried tleir new faith with them, and so it was like good seed carried to another place. This seed took root and bore fruit, and so the good news was spread far and wide. Was this a bad thing? If a farmer put twelve Beeds of com in the ground, and they took root, would they bring forth just twelve seeds again ? Oh no! many more than that—perhaps twelve times twelve. So with this seed of truth carried away ; many, many disciples were added to the church. Listen, to verse 21 : " The hand of the Lord was with them : and a great number believed, and turned to the Lord." So do not be discouraged if jou get laughed at sometimes, or even hardly treated if you kneel down and say your evening prayer. Take care to carry the little seed of truth with you wherever you go, and you cannot tell what good will come of it. Barnabas, Antioch, Saul. Teacher had better give some information about these before proceeding with the lesson. It would arrest attention to write them on the board. Speak of Barnabas, the good man of whom we heard before, who sold all bis possessions, when the disciples had "all things in common ;" a man " fullof faith, and of the Holy Ghost." Antioch, the chief city of Syria—a very important place, where much business was done, and where many people gathered together from places round. haul. Let children tell what they remember of him and his conversion on the road to Damascus. Read over these three names and remember them, because I am going to tell you something about each of them. The good news reaches Jerusalem. When the friends at Jerusalem heard how the gospel was spreading far and wide, and had reached Antioch (which was a long way from Jerusalem), 1 hey determined to send a messenger and see if it were all true. You know they had no penny post nor telegrams in those days, so they determined to send. And whom do you think they chose 1 Why, Barnabas, that good man of whom we were just speaking. When he reached Antioch, he was delighted to find it all true, and he talked to the people, and more were converted, and they were all very glad and happy. Barnabas seeks Saul. Barnabas seems all at once to think how he would like Saul to come and see this goudnork. Who was Saul ? What do ynu remember about him f So he starts off to find hiiu. Saul was at Tarsus, a good way off, bat Barnabas does not mind ; lie determines to fetch him, and Jet him be a sharer in the general joy. When Saul came, lie and Barnabas found sa much to do at Antioch amongst the new converts that they stayed there a whole year. The name " Christian " first used. And now there it one thing connected with Antioch that I want yoa especially to remember. What do wo call people who follow Christ ? Ye*, Christians. They were not always called «o. If you had been ere? such a good child before tbi» vi#»t of Barnabas and Saul to Antioch, yoa might hare been called a little dueiple, but yoa would not hare been calicd Christian, for "the diacipks were called CUrUtiatu first at Antioch.'* Repeat tbi«. Sotue people think it was a sort of nick nan**, but that ia not at all certain ; it i« more likely, 1 think, that by UtU u«e they needed a distinct nan*, and ao m calkd "Christ ians," followers of Cbru». I think it wa* a very good nan*, don't you 1 I should love to know you were Christ-tun*, or Christiana, truly, and 1 hope you are. A «i*n of true Christianity. If you t#t an apple tree, whit »oct fruit do you expect it to bear ? If a , cherry trve, wlut ? Now, if you gone in snl out amongst these early followers of Christ, who would you expect them to be like 1 Yes I like Christ himself. And in one respect they were. If Christ heard of any one in trouble or distress, what did He do ? Just so, these converts at Antioch heard that in Jerusalem, and round about, a time of scarcity or famine was coming, so they put their hands in their pockets and sent some real help, asking Barnabas and Saul to carry it to them. Was this Christ-like ; It was, indeed ; so I think they deserved their new name of Christians. If you want to be little Christians, try to do Christlike deeds. 