1ejpyrtfglf. '" ] LOYE BETTER RTHAN t SACRIFCO 2 INTERNATIONAL CONFLICT, " b BT OSAR PAARK. CHAPTER XVII, A MIGHT ATTrAC. No; Luigi Marconti could not slIpe His nights n wro like a hell to him, After tbit brief stay in o Rome he started he knew not whither. Only to t got away I His one g iredy desirenW was te put f apaet between him and the dying. It could not ei haunt him so then. He could sleop then. But 11 the hope was vain, Sometimes nature grew so t: exhausted, that feverish oblivion, like the. semi. a oonsoiousness of a sick man, would come to him b for a moment, but the fantastio shapes so orowded c on his brain, that he would wake with a start g of horror, the cold sweat starting from every o pore. Then he would toss and moan, and gnaw at h the sheets that covered him, so groat.wasthe I tension of his nerves. Ho wondered it he was a going mad, He would put a restraint upon il himself, and close his eyes tightly, rigidly, and b eay, "I will sleep," But his eyeballs stared through t the very lids, and the lids seemed to getscorching t hot with the fieroe fire beneath them, untilh he ad to open them or shriek out with the agony, No, v he ould not lerp ; And the further away he t went, the more awful grew his torment, His over. a mastering hate had so long fed upon the revenge his soul had been plotting, that now no other t' thought was possible to him- no other vision C crossed his mind, Between him and every object d towards which his eyes turned came the piture of h the dying man, Above all sonnds of lie about him came to his ears the last cry from that black pit. He h&d; sucked so greedily at the sweetneoa of the vengeance he would ex. g not, that now, when it was done, only the I bitter pulp remained, but he oould not rid himself t of it. Nothing shews the develishness of this h man's heart so much as this,-his worst torment t< came from his disappointment. The foreshadowed f, revenge had been so sweet, he had expected the a fruition to be nectar, C And he could not sleep I That startling question a he had asked himself at Sorrento was answered. p lie could not sleep. Hle should not sleep, he knew f low, until he assured himself that the man was I dead and the agony passed. He had not been able a to sleep there under the shadow of the grave, and t, he could not sleep here in Venice, hundredsof miles a away, He must go back, He must know or he si should die or go mad, a He shaved his beard away, and bought a disguise, a priest's robes and hat. He started again, He rode day and night with only one clear thought I burning in his brain, Men looked at him, and said, " He is killing himself with fasting and terrible penances-an unusualsight in thesedays," a And on he hurried, never communicating with others but when forced to, only thinking-think. y Ing. He heard nothing, he saw nothing,lhe felt nothing but that which speeded him once more to C the goal on which his mind was fixed, but ah I fi with what unlike emotions to those which urged him on before I Now he only wanted to live and t l:eep sane- to Anoro, so he could sleep again I He retraced his course from Capri step by step I nd once more landed at the island from a row. b loat he had taken from Sorrento. He heard the v 1 oatmen as they went along talking of the man who had been found in the cave on Timberio, as She islanders call the peak and of his death inoe y lie was taken out, but the words came to him as v though he heard them in a dream. They brought no distinot sense to his mind, and he was only d Sconscious of a quick sob as though the awfnl strain I had felt some thrill of relief. But his purpose was so fixed now that he had not the power of will to I alter it. The whole brain s3emed paralysed, save b I only that one ceaseless craving-he must see I-he : must see I When they reached the island he paid 1*the men, and walked quickly away, but he avoided :men-he avoided all places where he was likely, tto meet men, and his priest's garb protected him from the importunities of those who d did chaboo upon him. The climb up the i height by the unfrequented path he chose was Ssteep and toilsome and he was weak and I worn 'out. It was a great effort for him, but he kept on slowly, pauting to rest at times and ever saying-over and over to himself, as though togive himself courage and strength-" I shall sleep to- night I I shall sleep to-night I" Again at times that strange sob would rise from his breast and almost choke him, and his breath would come with a quick gasp. And as he neared the summit, trembling from head to foot, faint, dizzy, he had to say it aloud to bring the sense of it home to his heart, so that he might not falter yet-" I shall sleep to-night I Oh, I shall sleep to-night I" He came out from among the olive trees on to ] the bare rook. The last rays of sunlight had lone-it had taken him so long to make the t-sent. But the moon was shining with a full and brilliant light and he could see every step before him. He went on towards the ruins, their gaunt, cray walls standing in the white moonlight like ghosts of the revellers of old who. had walked nmong them so many hundred years ago, the streaming vines waving in the wind like fluttering robes. His heart felt a strange chill as he stopped slowly down, shaking as with an ague fit, into the passage which led to the gate. lie staggered along' it like a drunken man, and 6o into the room and up to the little gate, Then for the firsc time he remembered that he had cut the ropes, How was he to get down? He stopped a foot away from the gate, paralysed by this remembrance and this question, and stood there trying to think-trying to plan-trying to 'bring his mind tobear on the problem intelligently. Oh, if he could only get warm, he thought, and slop this awful trembling, then he could think. He ist think I He mustget there l He must I He most I Then he could sleep to-night. And he must sleep to-night Another night like the others would drive him mad l Yea, yesa He must see him I He must get there I A step sounded on the mosaico pavement of the passage behind him through which Ihe had come. Who could be there at that tjme of night? It frightened him. He turned around to lace the narrow entranoe of the room in which he tood. The moonlight poured its white radiance down between the rooflees walls and fell in -" bright flood through the doorway. As Maroontl's Ioaggard eyes rested on the spot, the footsteps sud denly ceased and the face and form of Ohristophor IDormsen filled the entrance I The eyes wore bent aon Maroonti. lie staggered backs step. The gate, twhose fastenings had been broken, swung out under his weight and with one awful shriek he fell to the rocky shores below. The man, who to the terrified and almost orazed brain of Marconti bore the face and form of iChristopher Dormaen, after a' moment's stunned jpuue,ruashd up to the opening through whioh the |iody had tumbled and 'peered down that giddy fall, The moonlight shone on a whirling confusion ,oC legs and arms for an instant, and then there . me up to the ear of the watohing and horrified man a sound like a muffled thud-but not another cry,That one shriek of terror and death was the first ,and last round that ever came from the throat of the murderer after that other fall-the fall which seemed like the shadowy forecast of his frightful end. The watohing man drew back and looked about him as though dazed with tee horror of the tragedy 'hio had witnessed, He went back and up into the open space above, and then after a moment's hesitation walked swiftly down the path to tho village. There he told what he had seen and ,soon the alarm spread that a priest had fallen from the summit of Ymberio into the seaon A boat was manned, and pulled around to the point whore the body must be lying, It was found and brought back to the marina and laid out on the bhaoh, The man who had seen the accidont was there, too much disturbed and troubled by the dreadful event to go to sleep. The bright moonlight was shining on the body, and flaring torches were held !loft by some of those who pressed silelltly around the dead. These rudeand asimple-mindcd i islandere uncovered before the eyes of the man of God, who oy dead before them, lie hald fallen with his head in the water, and though the legs and most of the 'cody were frightfully mangled and broken, the face was without a scar. But such a face I The ye sotaring with an awful terror-the mouth open as though that shriek of agony was still beating else throbbing air, and a thin stream of blood was slowly flowing from one corner. The man who saw him fall drew near. The crowd standingsolemnly with uneovered heads, parted for hisn pproach, ie turnied hiul h yos upon ne dead, e started, ald a gr at hudildor shiok him, Ili hbnds clenohed, hblt iti eyes oloseul I.o shut out b le night, sn lo raiu with trnsibling voice-" My God Itin moeinti I le killed my brother I " They stared at him a moment in befwilderment, hien thsr fa~cesp began to grow dark and varelul, 