THE BlHlIOr'rt ADDBES8. Bishop Montgomery then read his opening | address;, wiiich was of a leogt/iy and ex- | } auetive character, in tbe cojtrfc of whioh be | welcomed to their yearly meeting the mem l-ersofa ncwly-elccted Synod. Ri'gret was expressed at the removal by death of the Kev. J. Wbeatley, while tbe Bcv. A. B. tteckhouFe, of Perth, bad been oompslled to s ek a wanner climate in searcn oi nca an , und Canon loely, after five years' arduous work, had returned to Bnglaod, conoluding bis labors with a noble example of the way in which a new district conld be developed. Tho Hevs, T. Ghent, A. J. King, and C. H. Young had also sought spheres elsewhere. Reference was also ttnde to the changes which bad tak^n p?aoe in tbe I'st of lay rupresentatives, and mention made of the arrival In the Diocese of tbe Bevs. G. A. Breguet, H. H. Vale, S. BuckncU, E. C. Sniak, F. PamaB, Owen Jacson, and H. T. Plant. BTATIBTIOH His Lordship was thankful to report that, be had been able to fulfil all his own daties throughout the year, and the fact was for*ed upon M'? that a Bishop in the Australian Colonies must be yonng ; not only should he be able to travel a great deal, bat after the dally journey he should be bright and vigorous. He had further developed the scheme laid down for himself of holding yearly confirmations In as many centres as possible, and he would in future be ready to do his part if tha clergy would do theirs. In 1891 he held 71 con firmations, and the number of candidates were 700, but with this number be was not sttitficd, believing that the number bhauM havfl *xon folly 1000. They were aU nprce J that *hie most solemn meats of grace, com pleting the grace of baptism ought to be au Integral part of tbe work of every parish, thus the Bishop's pres&noe; a nocusuity i iufivery oentre. He was abrent from Hobart j tor 160 days and n-ghls, thwe more than in ? 1 890. Special reference was made to the | contract signed for the coupktion of the! ohoir of St. David'a Cathedral, w'-.fah, it was fetpeS, would b« opened at Ohrin mi«, 188% I In referring to tbe laying of the fuuh iotiyn stone of tha toacr of the cathedral, His Lordsb'p expressed tho hope that before thB oentury paswd away the bells wr.uld rin^ out a jdyous peal from the completed tfenotute. He then weht on to advOoatd the &tab-; Hpbmeat of a penrioa fund for aged and in capable clergymen, which be regarded a* one of their gieatat wants, and he pleiged himself to do nls utmost for the cause. No less than Id new chtirehfa had been either opened during tbe year or were then In process of erection or enlargement. A twentieth he had left to the last, because it was good to tap back a ckoloe thing to the end. St. John's, ^aunoest dn. Wottld soon be known as one . of the most beautiful And stately of their obuTcbes, Euch expressions, indeed, seemed somewhat btraugd at pr«sent in connection with a«y of their Launceston ohutohee j but they WoiiM do no mOre than justioetotHe proposed new church of $t. John This, with the splendidly enlarged schoolroom i already in use, would make a group worthy oi j any parish. Hobclieved tbittlerewcreflome surprises in s'otc. A recent viak tothe Wt-at ^ Coast made blm basard a prophecy that ere , long the tho&ft; of their people would be found ! on tnose mining fields It ^ould bti neoes* [ sary boou to establish a te^id nt e'ergymo-n at 1 Strahan in ordsr to free Mr Harris to extend : the work of the church iu the rapidly grow 1 ' ing centres beside his own parsonage. Before passing from this subjeot he expreeaed his 1 deep indebtedness to the noble maoifioence of the Society for Promoting Christian Know* lsdge, which hAd forwarded £60) towards Saint David's ohoir orvOtion fand, and £260 in aid of tbe Bothwell Charch building fund. Dealing with church work, he was p'eajjed to say that tb'ere had been a general advance all round, although the olleotions showed a falling on of £B0, a flam but small, yet it told the tale ot financial depression, Con soorated plaees of worship had increased by 28, communicants by 605, Sunday services by 826, week day services by 7B5, making a total increase in this direction by 1561 ser vices ; baptisms increased by 2(33 The ; numVcT of children attending Sunday schools , had increased by 483, and the teachers by 78 The return of communions made was very incomplete, bnt be intended asking for i it yearly. The reports' to baud showed , 17,203. i Special mention was made ot the half castes in the Forneaux Islands, and the in terest taken in them so tar back as Bishop Nixon's time, and a high compliment piid to the present schoolmaster and his wife, Mr and Mrs Stephens. EDUCATION. Begarding the three ohurch schools, two of them suffer from lack of endowment, whiie the third suffered from lack of a habi tation but had an endowment. The time had come when they had to seriously connider ho* they were to maintain tha fabrios of the Grammar Schools in Launoeston and Hobart, The trustees had no funds. He was glad to say that the trustees of the Launceston Grammar 6chool had bestirred themselves by contributing themselves and getting old friends of the school to do so a'so. At the Hutchins School, Hobart', the honored name of Buokland was to be severed from -he school after a connection of 46 years Through dark days and bright days tho Buokl*nd family had stood to the school, and in many a house tbeir influence for guod would be missed. The vacancy would bo nuea oy air n. a. Anaerson, at, present one of the inspectors of State sohoois ; and it would be his duty to ordain him in tbe month oi June. The cloeint of Christy College met with hie hearty ooucuTrecc?. The establish mciit of a Taimanlan University made it absolutely incumbent upon them to under take the wotk f i which Christ College was really established, nataely, to be a oollege uu-ie'r tbe dite-ti^n of tbe Church of England in connection with a university. Before aud after Christmas be bad con ducted in Hobart 42 rit* voce exuninatfons in religious knowledge, 23 in 4tate ech 'ols and 19 in Haaday sehuole passing in n;vi-aw 1431 children in State schools and 1008 in Sunday-schools, and on other oooaMons 33 o'asscs ia other pifte of the country. To those who argued that booaueeof differences among Obristians no religious teaching conld be given in State schools be desire! to say, with all tbe emphasis of which he was cap able, consistent with courtesy, that there was nothing in these argument*. There wae absolutely no practical difficulty. Ihe colony was Christian at heart, aud desired to see tbe children brought up as Christians, and Tasmania was bappy in poeseeslng Chris tian State eobool teaobers. &EFUGE; WORK. The last three years had soen among them the development of a noble work. It had grown silently. The House of Mercy at Hobart bad bcea full. They had disappoln mentB. of course ; bnt gr at blessings had been vouchsafed, The Hobart home wel comed an allied institution in Launoeeton. Hope Cottage, managed for many years by a lady, well known for ber devotion to Christian work, had been handed over by ber, through Mrs Montgomery, to the church, and there waa no doubt that a strong com mittee, working hand in hand with tnose in Hobait, would render a good aooount of the institution in days to oome. All should unite in snob simple and 6i-oh obvious pre ventive work. Somewhat worn out by the heavy pressure of too many duties, espeoially in connection with these homes, Mrs Mont gomery would be abseat for a few nnnths to get rest, which had become necessary. The work must not, and would not fiag, beoause others would be re^dy to fill the gap. FOBSIGN MIStlOHB. There was, without doubt, a visible awakening in tbix dioc.:se to the duty of spreading tbe Kingdom of Christ beyond tbeir own shores. For this he waa very thankful. Doubtless, the resignation of Bishop Selwyn,of the AfeJaaeefau Mission, on account of ill health, and the death of tho Bev. A. Maclaren, cf New Guinea, has stirred their sympathies What oould they do to sustain the hands ?£ those engaged in I tbc&e; fields of labor .' Ihe r-.quest hud oome | to him, in a manner that be cjuld not regard but as authoritative, personally to go ia the : month of July to Melanesia for three months ] to perform suoh episcopal duties as had be- I come ateolutely nccetBn?y if their great mission was to be s%vcd from s:rioua isjury, fcf&tive; candidates for tho ministry wi^re awaiting orJination ; hundreds were to bi confirmed. His hope was that they would not look coldly upon a step which be be Hevcd had b?ea directly out. in hi* way. With God's help the work of the dio^tso would not fcuffcr during Uis abscQcc. JJOAIt; SB UNI os. There W'-re epvci'»l rensuus why ha fhould speak to »hcm at that time upon lite above pullet. An uneasy fouling could bs de tected atnongft the oi»-m'icrs cf the Christian soda in England and in Greater Biitwiu as they had noted lite steady diHinUTfuratinn loti emallcr bodies of thwir own people. In 1869 liiero were l«X) diff-rant denomiuRtions; last year these h.il broken up into 2M. Vigorous atierupti were being m^de to uuilu tinder c rtsin different heads Christian bodies who date their existenoe from some period within the last S00 years. They ask whether tbe Church of England would not make common causa with tnem. Met with a courteous refusal they had asserted that ' tha Church of England is the greatest hind rance to the uty on of Protestant Christianity.* Surely tbe time had oome for a temperate yet firm answer to those who reproach us with losteriDg disunion So far from fosterirg disunion, we believe there is no cause bo holy as that of tbe corpora teus ion of Christendom. There arc no sacrifices we woild shrink from to attain that object, but tbe way to accomplish it does not lie in the direction some suppose. It was one of tbe trials of his lite to be constantly passing from township to township, incurring in nearly every spot the plain evidence of their unhappy divisions, making the waste of power and of money the oonsequont scandal to their Uoly cause, and all tbe usual unlovely evidenced of the principle of unrestrained private judgmente. we ass ' if S, Paul was vexed in hie soul at four divisions in the Corinthian Church, what would be bave said to 2o4 within the bounds of Koglandl' Witb all respect for those who conscientiously differ from ns we can only courteously reply that wc cannot accept a wrong principle. We look, and we shall ever look, for the ultimate re - union of some thing far higher than Protestant Christi anity, nothing lees than the re-union of all Chri°t*:ndrm. It needs vo prophet to discern the £.-\Ct that ihibaa^s of tbe principle held teua-;iouslT by the Church of England at a I brauch oi the Church whioh has developed I »-;-hvut break, thocgb purified by reforma- j I lion. Mcu say, 4' U you thus disparage lbs I exercise of piivate judgment you mnst abide I by th* tvwcc\ueuoas. If you are so anxioui [ for oafltinuity feu must be oonsisleni, aud acie fcthe pait with all its corruption— yon ara arguing f-sr Cbnroh wbt'h claims ?» inia'ifolc development, and never oonfossas itself in the wrong.' They were aoenstomM to that form of argument, but nor perturbed. The answer, to ns, at least, is compete The Church of England holds a unique position For *hey ware ready to Icaou History had taughfc them mUcb. History laid bate the fata' effects of an attempted InfAllibil'ty. If man's lekiju was not free to exercise and tes % and reject if nocessary, th-in the h'ghort part of man's nature was paralysed, fie was not a free agent. We bebeve in the istkoritij actually p.«ee-sed aod oa!y e*er» ois'd in thi early Cburtiil long before pre tensions to lnfalilbility where whispered. m There iB no one infallible authority for the expression of the truth. No single means for aaoh an axpresBi-m cfin be ppintol out as the oaly' trnstwortby and Divtflely appoin ted one.' The Uible rests on the Charch and the Ohurch on the Bible. 'TheolAlm to Infallibility (i quote from a reoent writer) is eontntdiotediby reason, by Soriptnre. by history, by gsloneef by every authority to whicli clrilisei and Ohlltttian men are accustomed to defer.' Onrs then, is a Unique position It is anlagonWtic to that whioh ifl upoh a single basis. We are con scious of a dual baste. We rest on live prin ciples—upon liberty for the reasofi oi nsan, ar;d also upon the. continuity and authority of the Ohurch. There *»a ootnw g srawmw in such & basis of b iltncad principle*. It was to be fonnd to be. tree in the Government of a SfcaW. Two Pouses of Legislature were bofter than one, tbougli Ifl theor/ they may arp»t unworkable. Th- Ohtueh ot Eng land sees with two eyia Letno man disparage the one or the °™or' exprea&ed; thankfulnets that t&o;«e w«° had asked them to unite were facing oafawtiy the subjeot ofjeorpowte union) ftlwady broken fragments ot Wesley aha ^ere unttiug again, Congregatidnallsts and Batftists Were approaohinx one another with true fraternal feelings. It may well b£ that uubridl«d in dependence may require dentiiries ere it beoomes oba^tenbd and subdued, en Also, on the othei' band, those who havfe onoe sub mittal their reason to the yoke of infalli blHty can .shake themselves free from it What wonder if we would fain believe that it is tho Ohurch of England whioh would At length offer the truest basis of union. We aodcretand both parties, for we contain within ns the prinoiples cherished by both. VVe are nearer far to each than the two opposed forces, one on each side of us, can be. We honor in both the basis they each know bast, only we would correct and modify the one by the other. He expressed the hope that his humble attempt would result in a fresh statement of the viewB of other*, by those who had convictions as deep as theirs, and who could state tbem in that Christian spirit which he trnsted he had done nothing to contravene. TBE GBNRBAL OUTLOOK Slnoe they last met death had laid its hand on many a Christian leader at home, both in their own communion and outside It, It was cheering to mark ho** - n such oocasioss the sources of controversy died away, and whether it be Soman, or Anglican, or Baptist, they sunk their differences and fixed their eyes upon the evidence tnat a gooa Christiau was taken from us. So may it ever be. The Dean will bring before you in due time an imporiant motion regarding tbe formation of a new province in Australia, to contain Melbourne, Ballarat, Adelaide, and Tasmania. So far as he conld see, the time was folly came to take suoh a step, and perhaps it was easier for Tamania to move fir-st then it would be for one of the larger diooeses oozoerned. Qe then passed on to refer to the death of the Bishop of Goulburn, |and tbe labors of those who were engaged in the work of fixing on a truer basis the text and genuineness of the New Testament writings. Coming to the question of finance, be was happy to say that the dboese had suffered but little in (he past year. He paid a high tribute to the church trustees aud diocesan secretary for their past servioes, The Jatter had been *b?e te obtain donations to tbe amount of £100 to make good tbo falling off in collections. He reminded thoB? present that they represented a very large section of tho people of the colony. There was not one of tl-.etn, be ventured to say, who did not take a deep interest in the moral as well as tbo ma*«r;al development of their island home. Their days wera full of h'pa, b oaose they were a young country ; tkeir future was all before them One great need was' high-principled leaders in all departments— , men who do not merely echo the sentiment* 1 of the mass'-B, but speak their own convio tioas, and would at once stand aside rather ! than move nn Jnob our of the read which to them appears the true one. They must not look VApnely about tbem for their leaders, expecting them to drop from the skies ; they ' mnfrt prodaoe them for themselves. At least they o-uld all determine to act and argue and vote a-; if there were a God above, as those who believed in Jesus Christ as tbe j light of the world, and in the principles j He taught. Sometimes they were afraid to sozak out with indignation, they aocepted selfifh compaots witn resignation, they con doned crime and lived beyond their means 1 without compnnctioD. Donbtless these were all characteristics of the young nation which { had much to learn before it became estab- j liebfd. It was not too much to eay that that assembly and those it represented could , effect all that he had depleted, and more, In God's providence. Give ns then great . leaders, you la*ty and olergy of the Church, 1 give them to ns by the only natural process, through Godly homes and a Christian society. Then men and wm?n, full of the H oiy Ghost, would be Gent tbem in abundance, because they should have laid tho obvious foundations which God had shown thorn how to plant. Their own course at least was clear. They traosd an unbroken oatward unity from apostolic times. They inherited, together with all Christian people, the holy laws aud precepts of the great Shepherd and Bishop of their souls, the calls to become as little children, to walk by faith, to love jusrioe and mercy, to believe in one only courso, whether in pnblio or in private, of integrity, purity, and self - sacrificing love for all sorts and conditions of men. It was a bright and glorious heritage. If any ask them what were the aims they set before themselves, let them answer in the words re corded in the final judgment of one of the most auguss assemblies that had ever been gathered in one place. In line with their own first great general council let them answer that in aU things appertaining to the Jot of a Christian community, ' Let the ancient customs prevail.' There was a full choral service at St. D Avid'e Csthcd/ftl this even'ng. The con- | greg&tinn; wos a very laTge one, and included 1 nearly all ihe Anyican clergy of the diooesc and many Synodimen, The processional hymn was '' O/iwaTd, Christian soldiers,' and j the r»i .-cBStonal one ' At the name of Jesus.' j Di;an Dunda* proaohed an eloquent (sermon, j 