THE TRAGEDY AT HAUNTED STREAM. THE INVESTIGATION OF DE- TECTIVE- SERGEANT CONSI- DINE. (ARGUS.) The investigation of the circumstances of the death of John Cohen, at Stirling, or Haunted stream, on the 5th inst. has been a diflicult one, and Detective- Sergeant Considine, who has had charge of it, returned to Melbourne on Tuesday without a prisoner, though the death was undoubtedly due to foul play of a more than usually terrible character. His inquiries have not been fruitless. On the contrary, he has obtained much evidence of an important character which may have a grave bearing upon the developments of the details of the tragedy. But at present there is nothing tangible, and though there is a good prospect of the mystery being cleared up there is also a chance the Haunted Stream, which owes-or rather owed, for its name has been changed to Stir- ling--its name to an unavenged crime, will be noted in the calendar as the scene of a second which has baffled the intelligence of the police. The nature of Detective Considine's evidence can not yet be revealed, because it is incom- plete, and disclosure at this juncture would be extremely unwise, but the broad details of the scene of the crime are available. Haunted stream, now dignified by the name of Stirling, is a collection of a handful of weatherboard and corrugated houses and huts situated on the Haunted Stream Creek. Once a thriving quartz mining locality, but now a sleepy dig- gers' hollow, it boasts a population of 22 souls all told, and a history rich in traditions, such as are common to all mining townships. The best authenti- cated of these traditions, and one which holds first place in the estimation of the "people of Stirling" because it named the Haunted Stream, is that concerning the death of " Ballarat Harry." He was known by no other name, and in the early days he was a prominent character in the shifting population of the locality. He finally disappeared between the diggings and Omeo, and his mate, who had accompanied him in his prospecting excursions, returned alone. The mate, now long since dead, was in possession of Ballarat Harry's watch and chain, some of his clothes, and in addition an unusually large amount of money. He ex- plained that he had won them from " Harry" at cards, and that when "Harry" found he was financially crushed he severed the partnership and started off on his own account. What became of him has never been learned. The mate was arrested and charged with his murder, but as the body could not be found the charge was abandoned. When the Tichborne case was engaging attention " Ballarat Harry" was com monly credited in that district with being tihe "Real Sir Roger," and up and down the little creek mysterious noises were heard at night, and ghostly apparitions were said to have been seen by lonely diggers till the creek gained the reputation of being haunted by the ghost of Sir Roger Tichborne, otherwise " Ballarat Harry." Here, where quartz reefing was at one time successfully fol lowed, and where a mechanics' institute still stands to mark the prosperous past, John Cohen established a general grocery store. Five years ago he sold it to a man named David Tait, and came to Melbourne to carry on the business of a produce merchant in Sydney road, Brunswick, but two years or so later he returned and acquired a share in the store. He and Tait con- tinued partners up to the last, and while Tait followed the pursuit of mining Cohen managed the store. Cohen was 34 years of age and unmarried. He was of a quiet and sober disposition, and by temperance and frugality and atten- tion to business was generally esteemed to be in comparatively comfortable finan- cial circumstances. Tait and Cohen slept in the same building--one room, built of zinc and lined with pine boards, 22ft. long by 18ft. broad--30 yards dis tant from the store, from which it.was separated by an empty hut. Next the sleeping room on the other side was an unoccupied butcher's shop, and these two were separated by a small passage- way blocked at the rear. On Friday night, 15th inst., Cohen and Tait went to bed before 10 o'clock, the former sleeping in the north-east corner of the room, and the latter in the south-east. Early on the morning of the next day -probably 18 minute's part 3 o'clock, as Cohen's watch was found to have stopped at that hour-Edward Cohen, a young man 27 years of age, and brother of John Cohen, who lived a few yards on the western side of the butcher's shop, was awakened by an explosion. He got out of bed, and found that the house occupied by his brother and Tait was in ruins. A hasty glance failed to show him any signs of either of the partners, and he went to the house of a miner named Burt, who lived 100 yards away, and sought his assistance to ex plore the ruins. Burt returned with Cohen, and found Tait lying amongst the broken timber along side his bed, portion of which had been shattered. He was in a dazed con dition, and his arms and face were bruised and cut. The body of Cohen was found 40ft. away, and it bore many injuries, which must have caused instantaneous death. The building was totally wrecked, and Cohen's body must have been blown through the roof and have fallen where it was found. The preliminary investigation made by the local police revealed that the explosion was due to dynamite placed under the floor of the building immediately beneath Cohen's bed, and though this fact of itself was almost sufficient to have demonstrated the the case was one of murder, the jury, by direction at the inquest, re turned an open verdict. Later Detec- tive Considine found unmistakable evi dence that the dynamite had been ignited by fuse reaching from the dynamite to a point in the blind passage-way between the building and the empty butcher's shop, 24ft away. There were marks of candle grease there, and a portion of the fuse-the "snuff" end--as well. It has been found by experiment that (the fuse would take secvn and a half minutes to burn that length, so that after the dynamite had been placed under the floor--a feat easily accomplished, be cause the building was raised on piles-- and the train of fuse laid and ignited, the murderer (premising that it was a murder) had seven minutes and a half to make his escapep. Even if he had to pass the "township" the time was ample, because 150 yards would more than cover the ground between Burt's on the east and Edward Cohen's on the west. One thing more, and that of importance, was learned by an examination of the stock at the store. From a stable at the rear, where the explosives were kept, a package of dynamite, 5lb in weight, was found to be missing; and from the store itself, a coil of fuse 24ft in length had disappeared. As the length of the fuse corresponds with the indications on the ground, and the wreckage with the strength of the dynamite, it may be ac- cepted as certain that Cohen was blown to pieces by dynamite (and fuse) ob- tained from his own store. The stable was easy of access, but the store was locked on the evening of the 5th, and was found undisturbed after the ex- plosion. The fuse must, therefore, have been taken before closing time. Be- yond these details Detective Considine will not yet commit himself. But they are sufficient to stamp Cohen's death as one due to murder. It would have been possible for him to have killed himself in the manner described, but there is certainly no probability in any such con- jecture, even though supported by the knowledge that his mother suffered death by her own hands, and that, con- sequently, he may have been predisposed to melancholy and suicide. Only a madman would have chosen the death he suffered, preceded as it would be by seven and a half minutes of suspense, and probably involving a friend and partner. He was certainly not mad, and all the evidence, therefore, points clearly to some dark and, as no money has been missed, to some apparently motiveless crime. 