CHAPTER XVIII THE BOLUTION. Mr. Burdick did not reach Naples, as he had ex pected to do, on the morning after he had an nounced to his wife his snddenly-f.iornmed intention of making a second visit to that city. On leaving the two ladies he had found a large foreign mail for him, just sent to him for his bankers, and some of it required immediate attention. It was late on the eveninr of the second day following that he reachej the Grand Hotel-too late todo anything but go to bed. In the morning, after breakfasting, he started out to see the American consul. His course lay through the beautiful gardens of the Villa Nazionale,the pleasure grounds of Naples, lying along the curving bay. He could hardly explain to himself why he should be here. His coming seemed to him now almost an un accountable impulse. There was nothing to justify it but a girl's fancy. But then that fancy had been so strong, and held with such tenacity, that he really wavered in his own conviction as to her illusion. He felt as though he must satisfy himself again, and there was but one way. That was through the Swedish consul at Naples, to whom the affair had been entrusted. Bat now that he was away from the glamour of Clara Mowbray's per. sistence in her own faith, he was saying to himself that his visit could have but one result-a certifi cate of some kind from the consul as to the un doubted fact of Mr. Dormeen's death, Thatmight help to produce conviction in her mind. He was walking briskly along after his habit, whether bent on pleasure or business, and had reached that loveliest spot of the embowered gardens where stands the little temple to Virgil. His eyes were bent on the ground. The Virgilian temple would have had no attractions for him in his least preoccupied moods. Now it was as nothing to him. The gardens are usually deserted in the forenoons, but he heard a footstep before him, and lifted his head. Christopher Dormsen or Christopher Dormsen's ghost was not ten paces away and walking rapidly. towards him, an ex pression of surprised but earnest greeting on his face. Mr. Burdick stopped, paralysed,and received Dormsen with no expression but one of unbounded amazement. He held out his hand mechanically to the young man's grasp, and was conscious of a sensation of relief, when he. felt a strong pres sure from a real hand of bone and muscle. Dorm sen spoke first. "Itia so great a pleasure to see you I " "How- how did. you-come hack ?" murmured Mr. Burdick, It was stupifying. " I came back the day before yesterday. I came at once as soon as I knew," his voie falling' as he said the last sentence. " Yes-I dare say. I would-if L had.been in your place-and could, But how-did you doi t ' "They telegraphed me from Norway, from Christians. They did not know. where I was at first and they made the same mistake in my name." "Oh I They-didn't know whare you where! I think I could have told them." "Oh, no, Mr. Burdiok, I was at fault. I did not write to you, as I promised, But it was. a hard struggle for me to try and forget her, and I waited. So you could not know where I was." "Well-perhaps not, but I could have made a good guess. I shouldn't have thought.of sending you a telegram though. I-I did't know there was a line." " And 1have heard of all your kindness, Mr,Bur. dick, and of all the pains Mr. Thorndontook, and. I thank yon both-I thank you both " "Oh, you heard of all that, did you ! Did yon bear it where you were, or eince-emice you came back " " Since I came back, of course. I heardit here." " From whom, please." " From my consul." "Let's go and seehlm." He had kept hold of Dormsen's band during their dialogue and kept squeezing it, as though to assure himself continuously that it was genuine. Now he dropped it and took the other's arm and turned him round. He kept hold of the arm as they walked along, but the dazed look did not leave his face. "I regretted," said Dormsen, "that I could not stop in Rome on my way through to see you and thank you, but I intended to go there from here." "Oh, you came back through Rome, did you? -and did you-did you go through Rome, too 1" " Certainly I You must, if you go all the way by raiL" Mr. Burdick glanced at him sideways as they walked on, and presently he said, with a profound sigh, "Well, I am learning something any way." " But why did you come to Naples eo soon, Mr. Burdick " "Why, I came-to see you. Dormsen looked surprised. "How did you know I was n.rs s" Well, I left you here, and 1?-4 leery reason to suppose you would stay-for a wselle." "You left me here, Mr. Burdik I That is strange I did not meet you here." "N-n-no, not exaotly. I suppose it would be more correct to say that I met you, but not, perhaps, that you met me." "You speak in riddles, Mr. Burdiok." "Well I I'll be hanged if I am any more of a riddle than you are, Dormen I Look here I " He stopped short as he spoke and faced the yonng man, gazing into his eyes, and, while not letting go of his arm, gently felt along it until he reached the hand, which he prasped convulsively. "Look here, Dormsen 1 I can't wait till we getto the consul's, I left you in your coffin here in Naples last Monday. Just tell me, won't you, right off and plainly, how you got out " Dormsen returned the gasze in silence a moment, and the look of astonishment gradually faded away, leaving only the signs of his sorrow. " Alh no, Air. Burdick I I think I begin tounderstand. You thought I was dead, killed by that wretch. But no. It was my brother." " Your brother I " "Yes, my brother Tyndal. He died for me. Marconti, too, thought he was I, and he killed him, the beet brother I-the dearest brother I Ah God I" Mr. Bordick dropped the hand he had been press. ing, but he kept his eyes still on the other's face. " Why didn't youtell as you had a brother "': he asked finally. ' Did I not ? I surely did. We had been in Rome togethlrr before yon all came, but he left me.- He had 1 enallhe wished to see in Rome and came her-" ?'d he went to Sicily and then came back here. Ies loved the beauty here "-and thean in a lo.v r r -e--"and his great love for it brought hi:. i :enth." "a .?, he like youtn Did he resemble yonu" " i ..it was wonderful, everyone said." " I 'tcoald say it was wonderful l" was Mr. Bur dic'*' comment. " I never saw anything equal to it." "And you thought it was I, the whole time s Ah I but my brother was worthy of your care, worthier than L Ican never forget that yon did not let him die in that plac--that his eyes saw the sunlight once more. He loved the sunlight, le loved all brightness and b.auty. Oh, it should have been I It was meantfor me." Thank God, it was not! was Mr. BIurdick's ejaculation in, his own breast. but he answered, " We should bare d,ne the same, Thorndon and I, even if we had known. I am glad we could do anything for the poor fellow, but I am very glad itI was not you. I can hardly believe it. vet, though. It's the most extraordinary thing I ever heard oL By the way, let nme look at your left hand, will you Dormsen ?" Dormsen hdld it out. Every joint was intact. "It may seem strange to you," said Mr. BlIrdick, ,"but this is the firrt moment I could say I am convinced that you are not a dead mau." "You mean, do you not, that my brother had lost a finger ? Yes, it was crushed in climbing manyyears ago. when we were b ys." "Letus go back to the gardens," said Mr. Bur. dick, "I don't want to see the consul nor ;" and as they turned and walked on he adied, "Give mea womean lhereaft r for keen sight and fidelity. Clara Mowbrayr would not believe you were dead. She declared she had sceen you in Roms. Did you stop in Rote ? " "Only for a short time to see the minister from Sweden. And-and Miso Mowbray. She is wellI" " Yes, poor girl-getting well. But shehas had a hard pull of it." SMissn owbray, Mr. Burdick I Has she been s:ok ? " "Sick! She nearly aied. Roman fever--brougLt on by anxiety about you." '" Oi, no. Mr, lurdick. You do her wrong." "Not a bit of it. Iknowu just what I am talk'ing about. What a triumph this will be for her. But MIr-. Buriick! She'll never forgive me. I have n,:,lio her ut herlost in it badly." le chuckled a little to himusltf at the thought of the surpriys e had tsr ber, sad the monroul s*eeotisiia'oP hI tettenese with which she wontu ta.e out a revenge apoa him. "However," he wenton, "yt don't p?derstand all this: at present, but you,wi some day. It is a long story. Yes, Clara Mowbra had been a good deal troobled by her enforoed a gagement to Thorndon. You didn't undereta that either Dormeen, but she was virtually made do it by her father, hard-hearted old miss But I've got a good big pill for him swallow yet. She didn't care for Thornd in that way, though Thorndon was a go, fellow, Dormsen, at heart. lie came out stro at-at Capri. But she didn't care for him. Th neverconld have hitit offtogether--not made be mated, you know, and its broken off altogether "Broken off, Mr. Burdick I You mean they notto be married! " " Oh, bless you, no I He has gone away won't .oome back-now, I'm sure." "And Miss Mowbray. About. her sickness " "Oh, yes. Well, as I was saying.that. engage. ment nearly-broke herheart. But when she heard' that Miarconti-by the way, have they heard. any. thing of that double- dyed villain yet ? " "Yes, he has suffered for his crime. He is dead." "Marcontil Are yon sore?" "Very sure. I saw him. It is another dreadful story. It was yesterday-" " Yesterday I And you say he has already suffered for his crime. In one day I Oh, give him time, Dormeen, give him time. He is only feeling the thinnest edge of an infinitely long wedge of suffering. Give him time I" "It was last evening," continned Dormsen. "He had gone back to Capri to see his victim in death, perhaps to gloat over his sufferings. We do not know. We can never know now. He was disguised in a priest's dress. I, too,went to Capri to spend afew hours-to be near to the spot where my brother died-to thank all those who were so kind. In the evening, for it was moonlight, I walked once more up to the height over the place where he was left to die, and I went as far as I could on the way he went when MIsrconti took him to his death, and when I came to the little gate you know it t-Yes I-a man, a priest I thought him then, was standing near it. He turned when I came near. He saw my face in the moonlight. I can imagine what he thought. He staggered against the gate. The lock was broken, and he fell through, and down-down I It was frightful I" "Peter Bordick," said that gentleman, apostro phising himself-" Peter Burdick, if you had o ever done anything in your life but break the lock on that gate, you ought to be satisfied 1" " Then it was your hand Mr. Burdiok, that avenged my brother's death ?" " No," was the answer, with unusual solemnity, for him. "It was the hand of God. Nothing else could have led him back to that spot. He died by the very law of nature he had outraged. It was better than to have to use the rope of his ladder ; more of whatthey call 'poetic justice ' in it." He added after a pause-" And that's the end of Marconti." Nothing was said for a few moments as they walked on among the feathery palms and almost tropical luxuriance of the gardens. Each had his own absorbing thoughts, but they tended to the same end, and, when Burdick spoke, he answered he question on the other's lips, "But Miss Clara,-I was forgetting. She read that scoundrel better than most of us-better than I did perhaps. She felt instinctively. there was danger for you where he was. Ho learned from her that yon had come here, and had the impudence to tell her that he was coming to flud you, and make peace with you. Her anxiety, coming on all the rest, was too much for her. She gave way at once,and thenext morningehe was down, and far down, too, I can tell you. But she pulled through, and is all right again. Two days ago she went out for her first drive, and vowed she saw yon pass through the Piazza di Spagna, Did you ". "Yes, but I did not see her." "No, but it was quite enough for her that she saw you. A girl who loves a man as sheloves you Dormsen, ought to make him happy." "Ah ! If I dared to believe it l" "Just take it on faith. Take my word for it just now, since you have nothing better. It's good-natured in you not to say that it's none of my business. About everyone else has. But I don't care. I don't care. I got into the muddle and I'm going to see it through. Then i'll go back to America. Europe don't suit me. It's too old-fashioned." " I like your fashion, Mr. Burdick." 'Oh, do you? Well, I'll return the oommpliment. If they were all like you, I'd think better of it. Understand I I don't say the United States are an unalloyed Paradise by any means. There are just as many snakes in that garden as there are here, only they're not so cold-blooded; they make it livelier for you. Now there's Mowbray. He'd have maed just as much by not deceiving me. I wish I hadn' got his daughter to look after, and I'd lead him a fine dance. I've kept him in hot water for some time, but I've got to let up on him soon. Ho's got to beg hard, though, and I'll dictate my. terms. That'll be. some satisfaction." "I do not quite understand all this,M.r.Burdick." "No, I know, you don't. I beg your pardon, but I was talking to myself. Now, when are you going to Rome ?" "I did expect to go to.morrow to see. you and Mr. Thorndon. From there Igo at once to Nogway.. I have much to.do." " Exactly I Couldn't you do it all just as, well if you should see Miss Clara in Bome instead of Thorndon ? He's gone, you know." " I will see Miss Mowbray." "Of oonre yo will. I knew. you would. ,And I'l?wait and go back with you. I want to, see Mrs. Burdick, when I bring you in. I kow wnhat Clara will d, but I can't calculato on l.re, jordiek-c 