ADDITIONS TO LEWISHAM CHURCH. The foundation stone of the additions to the above church was laid by Mrs. F. Gohvell on Saturday afternoon last. The Rev. F. Colwell presided over the assembly, and the service was an enjoy able one. The proceedings were couj menced with singing, prayer, and read ing the Scriptures. Suitable hymns were sung during the service. Mr. W. Robson gave a history of the Methodist cause in the locality. It began in a class held twelve years ago in Mr. J. Shilling's house. The first part of the church was built in 1880. A transept was added to it in 1884.. There had been steady growth in every department during bhe twelve years. The congregation had become large ; the membership had risen to about 200, and the Sunday-school to 400. Additional accommodation had become imperatively necessary. He had much pleasure, on behalf of the trustees, in requesting Mrs. Colwell to lay the stone, and in presenting her with a mallet for the purpose. Mrs. Oolwell, before performing the ceremony, spoke feelingly to those con verts who had recently given their hearts to God, urging them to steadfast ness, and prayed that all who entered the new buildings would find them places of blessing. Mrs. Colwell then declared the stone well and truly laid in the name of the Father, Son, and, Holy Ghost. Mr. R. W. Conway, as treasurer, ex plained the financial position of the project. The additions were expected to cost at least £800, towards which £330 had been promised. He solicited monthly subscriptions towards the object. Mr. T. H. Nash read «i list of Sunday school children who had collected for the occasion over £14, which amount was placed on the stone. The Mutual Improvement Society sent a donation of £5 5s. Other promises and amounts were received, which, together with the collection, brought the total amount subscribed up to £365. As the young people intend to get up an industrial exhibition, and other efforts are an ticipated, the trustees anticipate these additions will be made without incurring any burdensome debc. Rev. G. Lance addressed the assembly, and deeply stirred the hearts of all present, as he described a vision he had of the past history of the country and a vision of its future. He was hopeful of the future progress of Methodism in the land. Revs. J. Gardiner and W. H. George also addressed the meeting, which closed with the Benediction. The additions are being built at the rear of the present school church, and comprise school hall, 34 x 18 ; infant schoolroom, 45 x 18 ; three large class rooms, library, and vestry. It is also intended to re-seat the present church. The additions will complete the provision for school purposes, so far as the present pile of buildings is concerned, while the best part of a magnificent site is reserved for a new church when the times and circumstances are auspicious. 