53c m»tl £Vof Wei»xi:i>dav. l>E‘ KMin:H 7th, 189*2. The matter of holding an autumn show of products of the orchard and the garden was brought pro minently under notice at last Saturday’s meeting of the agricul tural society by Mr S. Young, and though (he idea cannot be snid to have been taken up with anything like enthusiasm, it was by no means viewed with disfavor. Mr Young’s remarks applied mere particularly to fruitgrowing than to horticulture, but there is no doubt his intention was-to include the two in his pro position. Me referred to the advances made throughout this district in that special industry, and to the encouraging prospects that lay before it; and we thoroughly endorse his sentiments as to the advantages possessed by this por tion of the colony in regard to the growth of fruit of the best descrip tion, and as to the benefits deriv able from an annual exhibition, not only as a means of promoting a healthy rivalry among growers, but also from an educational stand point. But the ghost of last year’s failure in this direction was raised, to prejudice the case, and was no doubt successful in influencing the minds of several members, who expressed disapproval with the suggestion that the society should be financially identified with such a movement. And we must say that there was considerable force in the contention that that body would do well to confine its atten tion to the object for which it has been established, and for which it now exists, the promotion of the best interests of the agriculturist : but there is such a thing as being too conservative, especially wiicn advantage is to be derived from the relaxation of a rule that would work just as well, if not better, if not too literally followed. How ever, the course adopted was | perhaps after all the wisest one, that of remitting the proposal to the Fruitgrowers’ Association, for ! consideration, with a promise of support in the event of its adoption in that quarter. As for an autumn show of fruit and horticultural exhibits, we fail to see why Shep parton should lag behind other places of far less importance, and possessing fewer facilities than we do for a successful affair of the kind : and in this connection a trump-card is most undoubtedly held out to the Fruitgrowers’ Association, or any other band of energetic townsmen who are spirited enough to accept it. The reason for the failure of which so much is unnecessarily made was not far to seek, and is too well known to i need further reference or mention : ! and we hold it as absurd to contend that because such an unfortunate state of things was allowed to occur once, it is likely to exist always. There is no necessity for elaborate preliminary arrangement, nor for the expenditure of much money. The matter is simplicity itself; all that is needed being, first the introduction of a little energy at the outset by one or two possessed of the “ bump" of organi sation, and then the addition of that spirit of co-operation without which success in any public movement is impossible. And ■ surely we are not going to allow it to be said that these two essential qualities are lacking here, or that they obtain in much less degree than elsewhere. The question of arrangement of details may of course be well left till a later stage; ] but, on the presumption that a move will be made in a favorable direction, we would suggest that the idea of utilising the show grounds for the purpose staled be abandoned, for reasons that are self-evident, chiefly that they are too commodious (a seemingly contradictory .argument), and that they are too far distant from the centre of the town. No better place could be desired than the Star Theatre, a spacious structure in which the exhibits could be staged and displayed to the great est advantage, besides which there is the added recommendation that in the evening a promenade concert could be held, that in itself would, if properly managed, go a very long way towards the payment of expenses, and afford a rare means of public pleasure. If it were needed, we could cite an instance of a North- Eastern town where an autumn show of the character indicated is annually held, with great success; and as like condi tions as regards exhibitors and exhibits prevail in this district, there is not the slightest excuse for our longer remaining in the back, ground. 