i t COLLAPSED AIR CASTLE. '"7 T is a <juesliouable comfort to be a .JT bachclor. I had never felt more .onvinced of that fact than I did 011 one , particular day in December. The eun whicli I find often affects our moods seriously by the way he looks down upon us -was in a coquettish mood, and coaxed even the icicles aud snowbanks to smile. The ladies were out in ominous prophecy of a stormy morrow, a sign that seldom fails -not- figuratively speaking, permit, me to remark, for I am no Judge of other men's matrimonial calendar, and charitably believe the verdict of fiction, "where the sky that had been obscured with cicuds was i hu"£ with a hundred rainbows, and life was j one perpetual summer of bliss after the 'i brigut particular * she1 appeared on the hrrizon of his life." Literaliy, I remarked, however, that. the unusual number of the female persuasiou in the stieets of our famous town portended a i storm, and so my prophecy proved true ; for the .night shut down sullen and gloomy, just as I imagine society belles must appear j after a brilliant ball, where they have j'u^ere^ k'ir^e days' supplies of smiles and biandishments on one evening. Per i hajis the atmosphere warmed up enough people to -warrant the outlay, but sulky | thoughts waited in the shadows afterwards, just the same. Questionable, I remarked, is the comfort of a bachelor. It is very flattering* to be pointed out as some special geuus of a race, in an exclusive way, shining with an unborrowed lustre, as, "That tall gentleman we just passed is air. Scribbler; an old. bachelor. I felfc anew accession of dignity, for I observed the tone was respectful, as if I had been quoted as a "bachelor of ' or as * Professor of science. No second. fiddle dubbing, as Mrs. Jonas Browu's husband, but simply a respectable single identity. No wonder I could assume a patronising aud comjjlacenfc Jook as I passed on. Another group came down the avenue. One of the young ladies I recognised as a daughter of an old acquaintance. The air was clear, and after I had bowed and walked slowly on, these words saluted my ear, " O May 1 You should set your cap for Mr. Scribbler J" "May and December ! That would be' like the story I read lately," was the reply in silvery tones, that sounded very pleasant, and sent a flutter through even my old veins ;is 1 listened, hoping to hear more pleasantries at my expense of as encou raging a character, especially as 1 had noted that the face and sunny manner of the person addressed was like oue I could wish to possess as a daughter. Jiut the next words shut down like night, chilling my very bones. ? ° - " You know he might not live loug, and then you would be a rich, jolly widow', with plenty of admirers, and-" ?Miserere/ I thought uiy plodding neigh bour across the streafc, who was only Mrs. Blank's husband, could be hardly the victim of such a dark conspiracy. In this mood of sudden humility I encountered an old friend, heavily laden with parcels, who was not only somebody's husband, but an old-time rivaL My greeting partook of the nature of con I si'ralulafcioB, and was cordially and heartily | returned. Upon receiving an invitation to call at my bachelor quarters, he assured me , -making a sudden dive toward a dry goods store-that if lie got his errands done in time he would come. [ Errands? Bless my soul i Where is the burdened benedict going to slow away the rast of his "errands "-and what made him look as if haunted by some irate fury as he edged off hurriedly to buy calico, thread, a paper of pius, perhaps, or a yard of ribbon, or some other feminine possessions that old bachelors are not supposed to realise the need of ? On pay homeward journey, thinking and moralisiug on the two opposite states of masculine existence, I found illustrations, every few paces, in the jingling of sleigh bells, that announced some passing young couples looking comfortable and-jolly. I should have once said, but that term had been turned into a grim joke so recently that it sent a shiver through me- elderiv couples tucked up snugly; and talking com fortably, or jogging on in melancholy silence. So contradictory are all general applications to' social states that I gave it up as too far beyond me to solve the problem "To be or not to be." The whistle of the early evening train blew, and I concluded my friend had been so long delayed wit h matching that pavticu!ar shade of ribbon, or finding tliafc identical pattern of slippers, that he had no time to drop in to commiserate an old bachelor in lu's lonety Jot. He was a sort of rival years ago, and uo | one could condemn me for feeling a slight leseutmeui- on being " cut out," to use a common phrase. But time heals many a smart, and oue turns back, when oue is old, uncommonly kindly to the friends of youth. As I said, the night come down dark and gloomy, and I fell to musing somewhat dis mally on a slate that I felt iu duty bound to defend in public. I, moreover--thinking the lowering night would exempt me from intrusion - wasengaged in the very womanish task of darning my own hose. My methodical mother had insisted on my learnino that accomplishment, leat I should, need to i know htm ; I wish she hadu't. Of .course I didn t mind doing this M'hen I was 10 years younger, but now -my fingers! had grown i clumsy, and the needle would go into tlie > wrong place- as often into my fingers asj into the edge of the chasm I was'tryin^- to-' bridge over with yaru. I It is astonishing how a person who, has kept a strict guard over his tongue will suddenly remember all the " swear words " ! he ever knew upou such a provocation T' had just come to the last fissure in tho4i hosen when I saw tny friend's figure' pass the window. I heard his step at the door, and hastily thrusting the darning-needle liito the nearly spent ball, threw them into'a cushioned wooden rocker,- and carelessly spread a clean red handkerchief over all "as I felt rather ashamed to be found mending stockings by this man of all others, who had a wife to keep him neat. This thought put me on the defensive at once, for I said to myself; " 1 Ye are spies! lo see the nakedness of the land are ye come.' Without compromising truth I shall externally prove the tranquil jov of the celibate." ' ? My friend Joshua looked tired and ill at ease, and after looking into the dark cornets somewhat apprehensively, drew up a splint bottomed chair to the fireplace, and soon grew sociable under the cheering influence of the ruddy ablaze, before which the and irons posed, like sentinels, black and <i-rim evidently staring at the intruder. "" ' ?After we had talked a while, on nianv topics his face grew long and' solemn, aiid drawing his hand slowlyover his ludf-^r«y whiskers, he remarked sagely ' : , " This must he a mighty hard life for you to lead, liube, here all alone; 1 pity' yoij from the bottom of my heart, I do ,! Pon't you get lonely ? " I " Occasionally," I replied. "AVlien l do I'generally throw u' handful of butternut wood on the fire, and the sputtering and snapping I hat breaks the silence .seems to fill the room With the ghosts of a quiltmV.' bee or a sewing society."11 'S>'1 Joshua turned up his eyes""rather siisl pieiously, Joakiiig for some siff-ns of irony in my face, and continued patronisiii\riy:_Li Row if you had a wiffe," l{ulje,':.sTjeVijiiid have .polished these "andirons'' so youeoulii see your face in :ein." '' " " I have a. good looking-glass." J said " and beside, ;I never flattoVed "iiyself on being worth looking at." ; " .,. 1 here s a woman over iti ournei^ihoijr hood that Would make yo'jv'a oVpjf.-if wife!"' hs -reui-.i l;t.l; .. She is gooit-liiokilij;'' a^;a>t<eel arid_i interested in you,' really, aud would like ,t<o see yon comfortably settled in your declining years. Suppose you come over to our place, some time, and get acquainted ? "I am not sure I ueed a wife," I said reluctautly, not being; willing to confess that his last words had fallen like oil on troubled seas. " I am well enough as I am." My apparent reluctance to accept liis ser vices as match-maker aroused in him the slumbering fire of oratory; long subdued rumour liad whispered-by this sharp and overwhelming logic of his better half, Belinda. , " Think what it would be," said he, " to have some one to share your sorrows, treble your joys (Belinda used to sing treble in the village clioir when I was young), to soothe ; your cares with loving words and gentle smiles'; to bestow titles of tenderest endear ment upon you ; to be a ministering augel in sickness ; some kindred soul to be enshrined in your heart forever, to be incorporated irrevocably in your existence, to waken sublimest harmony in your soul; to cook your victuals, scrub the floors, and do your washing and mending beside ; to look after the fowls, and " But whatever else Joshua might have said was lost to me then. He had, as it were, taken me by slow stages to the meeting house steeple, and then dropped nie from thence, in a twinkling, into a wash-tub and a poultry-yard and kettles and frying pans. Of course the shock and-the fall was too much for one of my sensitive, temperament, and it took time to recover from my dazed condition. That was the way his eloquence always, ended at the debating society when he was young. He "would soar, and soar, and soar, till he reached the " top of father's wood pile." I saw he was making one more frantic effort, encouraged by my weak silence, to convert me to his matrimonial creed. I knew it would be perilous to his purpose to inter rupt the current of his ideas, and still listened in silence,, wondering, a little sceptically, why he looked so careworn and ill at ease, in such a felicitous state of exist ence. , " And-and whenever you have roamed afar from the bosom of your family, and are weary and worn with fatigue, to be wel comed home again with caressing words aud a loving embrace. He mopped the perspiration from his brow, and dropped from his tragic attitude into the rocking-chair, towards which he had been gyrating iu his excitement. He dropped into the chair with the air of a used-up orator, overmastered by the power of his eloquence, and leaned heavily back, while I riemarked that " I was glad to hear that lie and Belinda lived so harmoniously and happily together." Whatever else I would have said was cut short by his suddenly strange conduct- as he sprang up from the chair aud executed ;i dance that was something between a wall/. a)ud a. breakdown, and not exactly either.. | '" Why these antics, my friend?" I asked | innocently, refraining from gazing except 011 his face, which was contorted and twisted I with a succession of grimaces marvellous to behold. " It is indeed a fitting illustration of your felicity when you are impelled to leap for joy." ? "Hang it all," he said, ."Can't you see what a fix I am in ?" And he reached his hand around to his spine aud gave another terrific shriek. " Excuse my abstraction," I said, slowly rising to investigate the cause of his fright-. " I was thinking of Belinda " The cause immediately transpired, for, fastened to the small of his back, were ail .the contents of that chair, except- the cushion. < "Confound Belinda !" heexclaimed, stung to madness- by jealousy and the darning needle. " I can stand her sharp tongue from morning till night-Fve got seasoned to it-but I'll be darned if 1 can stand spikes piercing my spinal marrow." "I'll try to extricate you ; I understand now. \our little pun respecting my dain ing needle here made me think you were mildly swearing,3' I remarked. " Steady now!" And with a vigorous effort the darning needle, handkerchief, ball, and stocking were at once removed, and I con fessed to myself, with an inward chuckle that it was certainly not a very beautifying addition to a frock coat. Joshua was speechless when I stood before him, with the crab-like attachment .he had unwittingly affected -entirely dune for. lie had in an uulucky moment, con tradicted his own logic, ? and looked humbly at the stockings, seizing on them ae a subject for his next remark. " Did you do that, Reuben ?" he asked. "I never see one darned so well. After all, you are able to ' paddle your own canoe' yet. Guess I must be going." " Don't hasten, Joshua-you were telling me what Belinda would say when you return; I am getting deaf; I don't always catch everything."' " No I wasn't, "neither ! And you needn't be calling my wife by her first name to my face-but I can tell you near enough, if you want to know ; she will say that I was a blustering old idiot to miss that train and get belated home, and I guess I was, too." " I beg your pardon, friend Joshua," I apologised. "I am somewhat blundering myself, and I reckon I'd be twice as much so if I had as many errands entrusted to my poor memory as you bad to-day." He looked as if it was no affair of mine, but seemed to take kindly to my sympathy, and corrected one of my errors by present ing a much rumpled document from his vest jpoeket. There's Ahe items.;. it don't do to trust to my memory,1 neither." Tglanced'hastily at the Greek and Hebrew characters that I1 was unable.to translate correctlyr-and Joshua'suddenly exclaimed : 1 ?" By'the'great Caesar ! " If I didn't forget them pins and hairpins He seemed in great haste to leave, but I detained him toTemind him of his'liictgnani mo'us offer. ' -i"- V " -When shall I have the pleasure of meet ing .that.-amiable person at your'house? 'Miss Charity Smith, I think you called her."" - * "? 1 He looked more confused1 than ever, and replied ,' Somewhat'hesitatingly: Well, now-come to think of it, I ain't Sure she'd suit you," after all; and-- come to think of it-seems to me I heard that she thought of inaking; a lengthy visit to her nephew out;in Oregon. Perhaps you bad; better wait'awhile. I think I'll take it up jvit-lv Miss Charity first. Good night, Reuben.I'uv glad; to leave you so com fortable." 1 ; He vanished, and I have not seen him since, and -the'air castle is likely to share the saiae fate as many another. But here, whatiis this my - eye first lights upon ;>s I open the paper this hot midsummer day ? "A mysterious disappearance; Our esteemed townsman, Mr. Jb6hua Brown has been missing for "several days. The depot agent is quite "sure lie :bought a, ticket' for some Western city, but his family suspect suicide, as he has been melancholy of late." . i'jPoori' JbWhua'!^ I can imagine: that, he would be subject to hypo: "ocdasionally. Belinda' can't-be what 'she "used1'to be, according to the hints he let drop reflecting on her-amiabilityj- :,Ihardly think it would bej best: to attempt to''condole with her, if woist lias: cbme ;'to. Wdrsfr-^and if Belinda Brown'isi-eally a«wicIoW -jjbot''fellow !' '''"'? I'But'perhapi she'might, for told acquairit anc&'safce, forget'' her ? grief teufficiently to present me"'to Miss Smith. '"'Charity"'-' that name, however, lias had ;a very ple&is-;' in^sound-totriy'ears;"" But, bereVi ? Another'' Cliestnut^hill' 'item',1, that gives the finishing stroke to that air castle^-p''; t . ,7"' . i ; Miss Cliarity Smith started for Oregon :la?t \Bbfe'ki'"".w'J!i i <('.. ''I-'""-- 1 ' '' ? 'T-he -ttermomi.-ler was ninety in the shade ; when I came in-'with'the pa'pfeV."" I must-go ; out mid look at' it ajialin ; it must'have fallen ; degreesicertuinl What-, if-Joshua ' had ^i;oile 'out to' Oregon'himWete?' t: 1 ^ : ' '-In all'Ehglan'd ihere are only seven ,school j 1 board^'wliTcli'dp-'tio'fi; provide for i^liyibus lij'tli$ i^achet, (i.;,, 