INTERESTING HALF-HOUE FOE BOYS AND GIRLS BEADING OUR YOUNG FOLKS 1 LETTER? pmair.ER. December's here, and with her brocght A world in whitest marMe moogfat; Hie trees and fence and all the ports Stand motionless and white as ghosts, And all the paths we used to know Are hidden in the drifts of enow. December bricga the longest night. And cheats the day of half it* light. So bird-song breaks the perfect hiaih ; No meadow-brook with liquid gash Bans telling tales in babbling ihjnte Of liberty and summer time. Bat frozen in its icy cell Awaits the sun to break the spell. Breathe once npon the wrsdow-^aas And set* the mimic mists that pass,— Fantastic shapes that go and come Forever sJlveiy aud dumb. December Santa Clans ebaJl bring,— Of happy children, happy king. Who with hie sleigh and reis-deer stops At all good people's chimney-tups. Then let tbe holly red be hung. And sweetest carols all be «m». While we with joy remember them,— Pw j<winieyerB to Bethlehem, Who followed trusting from afar He guidance of that happy ebr Which united the spot where Christ was bora Long years ago one Christmas mora! A < IUf A?;Ol"T CAEOLS. One of the oldest le^nds aboiit carolf takes ns as far back th<* dav^ of Noah. It has been handed down from father to w>n throii^h tnanr hundreds of rears, until now it has <o» t<> The elary sa\v that Soali e sons slept in a cavern in Motmt Ararat until that day years ago when Christ was born. Then an ansel around tlie fleepers, biddingtbeta look up to the Star which was to guide them on their way to the humblest of birth-places at Bethlehem. Tb'is hearenly signal guided the travellers onwards and onward? towards tbe Eoulh, until it readied tbe spot beautifully pictured in the following verse of a modern carol: " Cradled all lorely, Behold the Savour child—a Being holj— In dwelling rude and wild. Ne'er yet was regal state, Of monarch proud and great, So glorious ai that i.ianger-bed of Bethlehem." Carol means " song of joy, btraose tuch sangs owe their origin to that joyful cy- casian of the Saviour 6 birth, when the au^c-li chaultd tlie first of all carols, "Glory to God in the highest, on earth peace, good-will towards men i iiice which time the Nativity of our Lord has been celebrated throughout the world by carols tlit-y ar*- called in Fiance, that word being the French for Chri?!.m&E.; Some may perhaps remember the carol in which the word in ita English forui is introduced - Nowell, Sowell, the angels did say To certain poor shepherds in fields as they lay. In fields as they lay a-keeping their sheep, On a cald winter's night that was freezing e& deep*. The history of the carol wonld lie long in the telling, bat we cai learn something about it ina few more words. Well, the first carule were song by the early ChriBtians, and by religions men and women of 1800 yearE ago, who desired is this vnsr to perpetuate and remind the poor and ignorant people of the great event which had taken place at Bethlehem. Later on, as Christianity grew, tbe bishops went about among their clergy and helpers, continuing the same g00(j costom and reminding them of it. They, in their turn, told the message to the common people, who in those days had no other means of learning anything, for there were no books or schools, and the people only knew what they were told by their teachers. Bo we see how ancient the practice is, and it is quite easy tu understand how carols became so maeh liked, thai later on—in the period of history known as the Middle Ages—the custom became quite a conspicuous feature in religious services all over the wona. world. The news, or uieseogc, message, which »mcu the mmui carol told auu ; was bo welcome to the rude or common people, and generally tbe words were sung to a tone so easy for them to catcli up, that the listeners were soon enabled to join in tbe refrains, or choruses, as they was invited to do. The whole story of the Nativity was. chanted to an easy tone, or tune, and remains of thes» stories and tunes'siiB exist in some of the collections of carols which have come down to the present day. They Ixave been banded down partly by tradition, partlv in writing, from parents to children, until they hare reached us, still bearing some of their primitive (juaintceff and rnde beauty. Host of them tell of the glad tidings of Christmas-tide, and they often recount the story of the Saviour's birth so reverently, though quaintly, that we do not wonder at their making a great impression upon all who beard them hundreds of years ago. A very old and quaint carol is the one beginning— " As Joseph TO a,-walking, he heard an angel sing; His song was on t he coming of Christ, our Eartour king." • Jn it is a rerw which will show you how particular i and anxious were the old writers of carols to be very | exact iu every little bit of description or word they I told. It runs:— 1 " He neither shall he clothed in purple nor in pal], Bnt in the fair white linen that usen babies alL ; He neither shall he rocked in stiver nor in gold, But in a wooden mancer that resteth on the mould.*' I Another very old carol begins— j " A virgin most pure, as the prophets do teU." • This, and the one— : " Tbe moon shone bright, and the stan gave light," : also nay old, have been obtained from tbe West of England, where—especially in Cornwall—carols are ' much more common than anywhere else in Fingland, I That one, "Tbe Holly and the Ivy," which many of , you know, is old French : and "God rest you, I merry gentlemen," is eo old we cannot tell where it came from. Kow, when vou call to mind bow these carols ! interest you, you will not be surprised that they j should have pleased people of hundreds of years ago i who had no books, and no schools, and no education* j as you have. Consequently it was not easy for (boas who taught them to get them to remember even the carolf. So they hit upona plan which led to thus* j laire coloured "sheets of carols v i; h pictures which i are sold in tbe streets at Christmas time. Thattho | people might the better tmderviand -what they beardj Jijr carol nngers frequently carried with them lar%t> J pictures, illustrating what they sang. To these they i ^ ^ tbe people's attention, just as we now bave ' pictures in books to belpthe mind to understand the ' better what has been read in the tert.—Frederick J. ; Cromest, in Little Foils. j ' tbe tabeaoe or THE EIEKS. t ; A great rush of migratory birds o .™ T ® j passed over Dublin during the night of May 4 last, j evidently on the way t > their noitbera breednjBhaunts. An account of the matter " is given by Mr. I Allan Ellison in the new nnmber of the Zoologist. , " While siting in <nir rooms in Trinity College, about 11 p.m./" p.m., he u<\- aavi, m«, " we were attracted by the —" * loud call-notes s of birds tnji pacing nA»c overhead. Tbe Abe night was j calm and cloudy, not very dark. We listened at the open window until about 1 ul. when they seemed to be still passing over in undiminidied numbers. Tbev were mostly golden plovers sod dunlins," easily recognised by their notes, bnt we frequently beard the cry of tbe whimbrel, or the shrill call of tbe common sandpiper. It waa most carious to bear these notes, at first far away towards the sooth-west, gradually becoming loader as tbe flocks drew nearer and passed overhead, and then rapidly passing away to the northward. Sometimes tbe whole air seemed full of their dear whistling notes; i: one directum the lond short pips of the golden plover, in another the shrill wbeame ay of the dunlin, reminding one of tbe sound msde by a whistle with a pea tn it. Sometimes a bird or two would fly quite dose over tbe housetops, uttering its lemd whistle (joss to the opes wmdtnr, but tbey ssemed for the most part to fly at a great height." EccusiEt:cu Ckseokship.—The Presbytejry of Aberdeen once declared that no person might be received as a visitor in a private faonse "without testimonial presented to the minister™ cf hie orthodoxy. The Kirk Session *t Glasgow had " clandesstme censors' in its psy to report " fsKlts." Kou men <wem canunismoned to "search such hocsesea they think most meet" at Aberdeen, and apprehend any (msods who did sot attend the sermon. No «n» might take a servant, nor might any servant or fust laboorer accept a situation, without the minister'a ^miwhL A minister presented a coafhint Mon the Kirk Sesssiou of Perth that a man had peseed him without saltrtinjr. The criminal was hid anil ponished. It is reported to tbe Kirk Season of Aberdeen, that" sundry landvart gentlemen * did But. attend tuna; It was resolved forthwith that tfaesr should be admonished, and, if still impenitent, ifeooM he "retnoved aff the towne." StiniMan wfre enjoined, or rather empowered, to keep an eye upon all servants and young people, and each father of a family was ordered to keep a rod for the iwvwd —St. Kickdai. 