The Storyteller. The Sorceress.* [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] CHAPTER XVII. BY MRS. OLIPHANT. Author of "The Son of his Father," "The Chronicles of Carlingford," "The Rose in June," "The Greatest Heiress in England," "Whiteladies," "Within the Precinots," "It was a Lover and his Lass," "Adam Graeme," &c.;, &c.; It was perhaps a very good thing for Bee at this distracting and distracted moment of her life that her mother's illness came in to fill up every thought. Her own little fabric of happi- ness orumbled down about her ears like a house of oardß, only as it was far more deeply founded and strongly built the downfall was with a rumbling that shook the earth and a dust that rose up to the skies. Heaven was blurred out to her by the rising clouds, and all the earth was full of the noise like an earthquake, of the falling walls. She could not get that Bound out of her ears even in Mrs. Eingsward's sick room, where the quiet was preternatural and everybody spoke in the lowest tono and every step was hushed. Even then it went on roar ing, the stones and the rafters flying, the storms of dust and ruin blackening the air, so that Bee could not but wonder that nobody saw them, that tho atmosphere was not thick and stifling with those debris that were continually falling about her own ears. For everything was ooming down, not only the idol and the shrine he abode in, but heaven and earth in which she felt that no truth, no faith, could dwell any longer. Who was there to believe in ? not any man if not Aubrey; not any goodness, any truth, if not his—not anything! For it was without objeot, without warning, for nothing at all that he had deserted her, as if it had been of no importance; with the ink not dry on his letter, with her name still upon his lips. A great infidelity, like a great faith, is always something. It is tragic, one of the awful events of life in which there is, or may be, fate, an evil destiny, a terrible chastisement prepared before hand. In such a case one can at least feel oneself only a great victim injured by God Himself and the laws of the universe, though that was not the common fashion of thought then, as it is nowadays. But Bee's downfall did not mean so much as that; it was not in tended by anyone—not even by the ohief worker in it. He had meant to hold Bee fast with one hand while he amused himself with the other. Amused himself — oh, heaven! Bee's heart seemed to contract with a speechless spasm of anguish and rage. That she should be of no more account than that 1 Played with as if she were nobody: the slight creature of a moment. She, Bee I She, Colonel Eingsward's daughter! At first the poor girl went on in a mist of self- absorption, through which everything else pierced but dully, wrapped up and hidden in it as in the storm of dust which would have arisen had her house actually fallen about her ears, perceiving her mother through it, and the doctor and all the accessories of the scene—but dimly, not as if they were real. When, how ever, there began to penetrate through this strange words with strange meanings in them — danger—danger to whom ?—strength failing— but whose strength? a dull wonder came in, bringing her back to other thoughts. By and- by Bee began to understand a little that it was her mother of whom these things were being Bald—her mother? but it was not her mother's house that had fallen; what did it mean? Tbe doctor talked apart with Moulsey and Moulsey turned her back and her shoulders heaved and her apron seemed to be put to her eyes. Bee in her dream said half-aloud "Danger?" and both the doctor and Moulsey turned upon her as if they would havo killed * The sole right of publication in Queensland of "Tho Boreeross" has been purchased by the Brisbane Newspaper Company, Limited. her. Then she was beokoned out of the room, and found herself standing face to face with that grave yet kindly countenance which she had known all her life, in which she believed as in the greatest authority. She heard his voice speaking to her through all the rumbling and downfall. " You must be very courageous," it said, " You are the eldest—and till your father comes home " What did it matter about her father coming home or about her being the eldest? What had these things to do with the earthquake, with the failure of truth and mean ing and everything in life? She looked at him blankly, wondering if it were possible that he did not hear the sound of the great falling, the rending of the walls and the tearing of the roof and the choking dust that filled all earth and heaven ? "My dear Beatrice," he said, for he had known her all his life, " you don't understand me, do you, my poor child ?" Bee shook her head, looking at him wistfully. Could he know anything more about it, she wondered; anything that had still to be said? He took her hand, and hor poor little hand was very cold with emotion and trouble. The good doctor, who knew nothing about any indi vidual oause little Bee could have for agitation, thought he saw that her very being was arrested by a terror whioh as yet her intelligence had not grasped, something dreadful in the air whioh she did not understand. He drew her into the dining-room, the door of which stood open, and poured out a little wine for her. •• Now, Bee," he said, " no fainting, no weak ness. You must prove what is in you now. It is a dreadful trial for you, my dear, but you can do a great deal for your dear mother's sake, as she would for yours." " I have never said it was a trial," cried Bee with a gasp. "Why do you speak to me so? Has mamma told you ? No one has anything to do with it but me." He looked at her with great surprise; but the doctor was a man of too much experience not to see that here was something into whioh it was better not to inquire. He said, very quietly, "You, as the eldest, have no doubt the ohief part to play, but the little ones will all depend upon your strength and courage. Your mother does not herself know. She is very ill. It will require all that we can do—to pull her through." Bee repeated the last words after him with a scared look but scarcely any understanding in her face " To pull her—through?" "Don't you understand me now? Your mother—has been ill for a long time. Your father is aware of it. I suppose he thought you were too young to be told. But now that he is absent and your brother I have no alternative. Your mother is in great danger. I have tele graphed for Colonel Kings ward, but in the meantime, Bee . Child, don't lose your head I Do you understand me ? She may be dying—and you are the only one to stand by her to give her courage." Bee did not look as if she had courage for any one at that dreadful moment. She fell a trembling from head to foot and fell back against the wall where she was standing. Her eyes grew large, staring at him, yet veiled as if they did not see, and she stammered forth at length, "Mother? mother?" with almost no meaning in the excess of misery and surprise. "Yes—your mother; whatever else you may have to think of she is the first consideration now." He went on speaking but Bee did not hear him ; everything floated round her in a mist. The soenes at the Bath, the agitations, Mrs. Eingsward's sudden pallors and flushings, her pretence whioh they all laughed at of not being able to walk, her laziness, lying on the sofa, the giddiness when she made that one turn with Charlie—she who had always been so fond of dancing!—the hurry of bringing her to Kings warden when Bee had felt they would have been so much better in London, and her strange, strange new fancy, mutely condemned by Bee, of finding the children too much for her. Half of these things had been silently remarked and disapproved of by the daughters, mamma getting bo idle—self-indulgent almost—so unlike herself. Had they not been too busily engaged in their own affairs Bee and Betty would both have been angry with mamma. All these things seem to float about Bee in a mist while she leaned against the wall and the doctor stood opposite to her talking. It was only perhaps about a minute after all but she saw waving round her, passing before her eyes, one scene melting into another, or rather all visible at onoe, innumerable episodes—the whole course of the three months past whioh had contained so muoh. She came out of this strange whirl very miserable but very quiet. " I think it is chiefly my fault," she said, faltering, interrupted the doctor who was talk ing, always talking, "but how could I know ? for nobody told me. Doctor, tell me what to do now. You said we should—pull hor through." She gave him a faint eager conciliatory smile, appealing to him to do it. Of course he could do it 1 " Tell me, tell me only what to do." He patted her kindly upon the shouldej. " That is right," he said. " Now you under stand me and I know I can trust you. There is not muoh to do. Only to bo quiet and steady —no orying or agitation. Mousley knows everything. But you must be ready and steady, my dear. Sit by her and look happy and keep up her courage—that's the ohief thing. If she gives in it is all over. She must not see that you are frightened or miserable. Come 1 it's a great thing to do for a little girl that has never known any trouble. But you are of a good Bort, and you must rise to it for your mother's sake." Look happy 1 that was all she had to do. "Can't I help Mousley?" she asked. "I oould fetch her what she wants. I could—go errands for her. Oh, doctor, something a little easier," oried Bee, clasping her hands, "just at first 1" "All that's arranged," he said hastily. " Come, we must go back to our patient. She will be wondering what I am talking to you about. She will perhaps take fright. No, nothing easier, my poor child. If you can do that you may help me a great deal; if you can't, go to bed, my dear, that will be best." She gave him a look of great scorn, and moved towards her mother's room, leading the way. Mrs. Eingsward was lying with her face towards the door, watching, in ablaze of excite ment and fever. Her eyes had never been so bright nor her colour so brilliant. She was breathing qnickly, panting, with her heart very audible to herself, pumping in her ears and almost audible in the room, so evident was it that every pulse was at fever speed. "What have you been telling Bee, doctor? What have you been telling Bee? What ?" When she had begun this phrase it did not seem as if she could stop repeating it again and again. "I have been telling her that she may sit with you, my dear lady, on condition of being very quiet, very quiet," said the doctor. " It's a great promotion at her age. She has promised to sit very still and talk very little and hush her mamma to sleep, It is you who must be the baby to-night. If you can get a good long quiet sleep it will do you all the good in the world. Yes, you may bold her hand if you like, my dear, and pat it and smooth it—a little gentle mesmerism will do no barm. That, my dear lady, is what I have been telling Miss Bee." " Oh, doctor," said Mrs. Eingsward, " don't you know she has had great trouble herself, poor ohild ? Poor little Bee I At her age I was married and happy; and here is she, poor thing, plunged into trouble. Doctor, you know there is a—gentleman " Mrs. Eingsward had raised herself upon her elbow and the panting of her breath filled all the room. "Another time—another time you shall tell me all about it. But I shall take Miss Bee away and consign you to a dark room and silence if you say another word " " Oh, don't make my room dark 1 I like the light. I want my ohild. Let me keep her, let me keep her! Who should—comfort her—but her mother?" "Yea, so long as you keep quitoquiet. If you talk I will take her away. Not a word— not a word —till to- morrow." In spite of him self there was a great change in the doctor's voice as he said that word—or Bee thought so— as if there might never be any to- morrow. The girl felt as if she must ory-out, shriek aloud, to relieve her bursting brain, but did not, over borne by his presence and by the new senao of duty and self-restraint. " Como now," he went on, "lam very kind to let you have your little girl by you, holding your hand —don't you think so ? Go to sleep, both of you. If you're quite, quite quiet, you'll both doze, and towards the morning I'll look in upon you again. Now, not another word. Good- night, good-night." Bee, whose heart was beating almost as strongly as her mother's, heard his measured step withdraw on the soft carpets with a sense of wild despair, as if the last hope was going from her. Her inexperienoed imagination had leaped from complete ignorance and calm to the last possibilities of oalamity. She had never seen death, and what if that awful presence were to come while she was alone, in capable of any struggle, of giving any help. She listened to the steps getting fainter in the distance with anguish and terror unspeakable. She clasped her mother's hand tightly without knowing it. That only aid, the only man who could do anything was going away—deserting them—leaving her alone in her ignorance to stand between her mother and death. Death 1 Every pulse sprang up and fluttered in mortal terror. And she was put there to be quiet— ready and steady, he had said—to look happy 1 Bee kept silent; kept sitting upon her chair; kept down her shriek after him with a super human effort. She could do no more. "Listen—he's talking to Moulsey now," said Mrs. Eingsward, " about me; they're always whispering about me—telling the symptoms— and how I am. That is the worst of nurses " "Mammal oh, don't talk, don't talk 1" cried Bee; though she was more- comforted than words oan tell by the sound of her mother's voioe. "Whispering; can't you hear them? about temperature—and things. I oan bear talking— but whispering. Bee—don't you hear 'em— whis—whispering '' "Oh, mamma," cried Bee, "I love to hear you speak 1 but don't, don't, don't, or they'll make me go away." " My baby," said the mother, diverted in her wandering and weakness to a new subjeot; "my little thing 1 He said we were to go to sleep. Put your head there—and I'll sing you— I'll sing you—to sleep—little Bee; little Bee, poor httle Bee 1" Chapter XVIII. This night was the strangest in Bee Eings ward's life. She had never known what it was to remain silent and awake in the darkness and warmth of a sick room, whioh of itself is a strange experience for a girl, and shows the young spirit its own weakness, its craving for rest and comfort, the difficulty of overcoming the instincts of nature—with such a sense of humiliation as nothing else could give. Could you not watch with me one hour ? She believed that she had lain awake crying all night when her dream of happiness had so suddenly been broken in upon at Cologne, but now, while she she sat by her mother's side and the little soft crooning of the song whioh Mrs. Eingsward supposed herßelf to be singing to put her child to sleep sank into a soft murmur, and the poor lady succeeded in hushing herself into a doze by this characteristic method, Bee's head drooped too, and her eyelids closed. Then she woke with a little shiver to see the large figure of Mousley like a ghost by the bed and struggled dumbly back to her senses, only remembering that she must not start nor ory to disturb Mrs. Eingsward whose quick breathing filled tbe room with a sensation of danger and dismay to which the girl was sensible as soon as the film of sleep that had enveloped her was broken. Mrs. Eingsward's head was thrown back on the pillow, now and then a faint note of the lullaby which she had been singing came from the parted lips through whioh the hot quick breath came bo audibly. Now and then she stirred in her fevorish sleep. Moulsey Btood indistin guishable with her back to tho light, a mas 3of solid shadow by the bedside. Sho shook her head. " Sleep's best," she said in the whisper which the patient hated. " Sleep's better than the best of physio." Bee caught those solid skirts with a sensation of hope to feel them so real and substantial in her hand. She did not care to speak, but lifted hor face pale with alarm and trouble to the accustomed nurse. Moulsey shook her head again. It was all the communication that passed between them and it crushed the hope that was beginning to rise in Bee's mind. She had thought when she heard the doctor go away that death might be coming as Boon as his back was turned. She had felt when her mother fell asleep as if the danger must be past. Now she sank into that second stage of hopelessness when there is no longer any immediate panic, when the unac customed intelligence dimly realises that the sufferer may be better and may live through the night or through many nights and yet there may be no real change. Very dim as yet was this consciousness in Bee's heart, and yet the first dawning of it bowed her down. In tho middle of the night, after hours so long—moro like years—when Bee seemed to have sat there half her life, to have become used to it, to be uncertain about everything outside, but only that her mother lay there more ill than words could say—Mrs. Eingsward awoke. She opened her eyes without any change of position with the habit of a woman who has been long ill without acknowledging her illness. It was Moulsey who saw a faint reflection of the faint light in the softly opened eyes and deteoted that little change in the breathing which comes with returning con sciousness. Bee with her head leant back upon her ohair and her eyes olosed was dozing again. " You must take your cordial, ma'am, now you're awake. You've had such a nice sleep." " Have I ? I thought I was with the children and singing to baby. Who's this that has my hand—Bee!" " Mamma!" cried the girl with a little start, and then, "Oh, I have waked her, Moulsoy, I have waked her 1" "Is this her little hand ? Poor little Bee! No, you have not waked me, love; but why— why is the child here?" " The dootor said she might Btay—to send for him if you wanted anything—and—and to satisfy her." "To satisfy her, why so, why so ? Am Iso bad? Did he think I would die—in the night?" "No, no, no," said Moulsey, standing by her patting hor shoulder, as if she had been a fretful child. " What a thing to fancy I As if he'd have sent the ohild hero for that'!" "No," said the poor lady; "ho wouldn't have sent the child, would he?—not the ohild — for that —to frighten her? But Bee must go to bed. I'm so much better. Go to bed. Moulsey, poor Moulsey, never tires; she's so good. But you must go to bed." " Oh, mother, let me stay. When you Bleep, I Bleep too; and I'm so muoh happier here." " Happier, are you ? Well—but there was something wrong. Something had happened. What was it that happened? And your father away 1 It never does for anything to happen when—my husband is away. I've grown so silly. I never know what to do. What was it —that happened, Bee ?" "There was—nothing," said Bee with a sudden chill of despair. She had forgotten everything but the dim bedchamber, the faint light, the quick, quick breathing. And now there came a stab at her poor little heart, she scarcely knew what it was, but a cut like a knife going to the very centre of her being. Then there oame the doctor's words, as if thoy were written in light across the darknoss of tho iroom—"Beady, and steady." She said in a stronger voice, "You have been dreaming. There was nothing, mamma." Mrß. Eingsward, who had raised herself on her elbow, sank baok again on her pillows. "Yes," she said, "I must have been dream ing. I thought somebody oame—and told us. Dreams are so strange. People say they're things you've been —thinking of. But I was not thinking of that —the very last thing! Bee, it's a pity—it's a great pity—when a woman, with so many ohildren, falls into this kind of silly—bad health." " Oh, mamma," was all that poor Bee could say. " Oh—let me alone, Moulsey—l want to talk a little. I've had such a good sleep, you said; sometimes—l want to talk, and Moulsey won't let me—nor your father; and I have it all here," she said, putting her hand to her heart, "or here," laying it over her eyebrows, " and I never get it out. Let me talk, Moulsey—let me talk." Bee leaning forward and Moulsey standing over her by the bedside, there was a pause. Their eyes accustomed to the faint light saw her eyes shining from the pillow and the flush of her cheeks against the whiteness of the bed. Then, after a while, there came a little faint laugh, and—"What was I saying?" Mrs. Eingsward asked. " You look so big, Moulsey —like the shadows I used to throw on tho wall to please the children. You always liked the rabbit best, Bee. Look!" She put up her hands as if to make that familiar play upon the wall. "But Moulsey," she added, "is so big. She shuts out all the light; and what is Bee doing here at this hour of the night ? Moulsey, send Miss Bee to bed." " Oh, mother, let me stay. You were soing to tell me something." " Miss Bee, you must not moke her talk." "How like Moulsoy!" said the invalid. " Make me talk! when I have wanted so much to talk. Bee, it's horrid to go on in this Btlly ill way when—when one has children to think of. Your father's always good—but a man often doesn't understand. About you, now—if I had been a little stronger it might have been different. What was it we heard ? I don't think it was true what we heard." " Oh, mamma, don't think of that now." "Itts so silly always being ill! and there's nothing really tho matter. Ask the doctor. They all say there's nothing really the matter. Your father—but then he doesn't know how a woman feels. I feel as if I were sinking;, sink ing clown through tho bed and the floor and everything, away, I don't know wbeve. So silly! for nothing hurts me—l'vo no pain— except that I always want more air. If you were to open the window, Moulsey; and Bee, give me your hand and hold me fast, that I mayn't sink away. It's all quite silly, you know, to think so," she added with again a faint laugh. Bee's eyes sought those of Moulsey with a terrified question in them; the great shadow only slightly shook its head. "Do you remember, Bee, the picture—we saw it in Italy, and I've got a photograph where there is a saint lying so sweetly in the air with angels holding her up? They're fly ing with her through the blue sky—two at her head and other two—and her mantle so wrapped round her, and sho lying, oh so easy, resting, though there's nothing but the air and the angels. Do you remember, Bee?" " Yes, mamma. Oh, mamma, mamma!" "That's what I should like," said Mrs. Eingsward; " it's strange, isn't it? The bed's solid, and the house is solid, and Moulsey there, she's very solid, too, and air isn't solid at all. But there never was anybody that lay so easy and looked so safe as that woman in tbe air. Their arms must be so soft under her, and yet so strong, you know; stronger than your father's. He's so kind, but he hurries me sometimes, and soft —you're soft, Bee, but Sou're not strong. You've got a soft little and, hasn't she, Moulsey ? Poor little thing! and to think one doesn't know what she may have to do with it before she is like me." " She'll have no more to do with it, ma'am, than a lady should; no more than you've had. But you must be quiet, dear lady, and try and go to sleep." " I might never have suoh a good ohance of talking to her again. The middle of the night and nobody here—her father not even in the house. Bee, you must try never to begin being ill in any silly way, feeling not strong and that sort of foolish thing, and say out what you think. Don't be frightened. It's—it's bad for him as well as for you. He gets to think you haven't any opinion. And then all at once they find out And perhaps it's too late " "Mamma, you're not very ill? Oh, no; you're looking so beautiful, and you talk just as you always did." "She says I am very ill, Moulsey? Poor little Bee! I feel a great deal better. I had surely a nice sleep. But why should the doctor be here, and you made to sit up, you poor little thing ? Moulsey, why is the doctor here ?" "I never said, ma'am, as he was horo. He's —coming round first thing in the morning. He's anxious—because the Colonel's away." " Ah! you think I don't know. I'm not so very bad ; but he thinks—he thinks—perhaps I might die, Bee." " Mamma, mamma!" "Don't be frightened," said Mrs. Eingsward, drawing the girl close to her. " That's a secret; he doesn't think I know. It would be a ourious, curious thing when people think you are only ill to go and die. It would surprise them so. And so strange altogether—instead of worries, you know, every day, to be all by yourself lying so easy and the angels carrying you. No trouble at all then to think whether he would be pleased—or anything; giving yourself to be oarried like that, like a little child." " But mamma," cried Bee, "you could not, would not leave us—you wouldn't, would you, mamma?—all the children and me; and I with nobody else, no one to oare for me? You oouldn't, mother, leave us; you wouldn't! Bay you wouldn't I Oh Moulsey, Moulsey, look how far away she is looking, as if she didn't gee yoo and me!" "You forget, Bee," said Mrs. Eingsward, " how easy it looked for that Baint in the pic ture. I always liked to watch the birds floating down on the wind, never moving their wings. That's what seems no trouble, so easy; not too hot nor too cold, nor tiring; neither to the breath nor anything. I shouldn't like to leave you. No—but then," she added with a smile, " I should not require to leave you. I'd—l'd What was I saying? Moulsey, will you please givo me some—more " She held out her hand again for the glass which Moulsey had just put down. "It makes me strong—it makes me speak. I'm—sinking away again, Bee. Hold me—hold me tight. If I was to slip away—down—down —down to the cellars, or somewhere " The feeble laugh was dreadful for the listeners to hear. "Run," cried Moulsey in Bee's ear, "the doctor—the doctor!—in the library." And then there was a strange phantasmagoria that Bcemed to fill the night, one scene melting into another. The doctor rousing from his doze, his measured step coming back, the little struggle round the bed, Moulsey giving place to the still darker shadow, the glow of Mrs. Eingsward's flushed and feverish countenance between, then the quiet, and then again sleep— sleep broken by feeble movements, by the quick panting of the breath. "She'll be easier now," the doctor said. "You mußt go to bed, my dear young lady. Moulsey can manage for tho rest of the night." " Doctor," said Bee, with something in her throat that Btopped the words, "doctor—will she—must she? Oh, dootor, say that is not what it means 1 One of us, it would not matter, but mother—mother!" "It ia not in our hands," the dootor said. "It is not much we can do. Don't look at me as if I wore God. It is little, little I can do." " They say," cried poor Bee, " that you can do anything. It is when there is no doctor, no nurse that people—oh, my mother —my mother! Doctor, don't let it be." " You are but a child," said the dootor, patting her kindly on the*shoulder, "you've not for gotten how to say your prayers. That's the only thing for you to do. Those that say such things of doctors know very little. We stand and look on. Say your prayers, little girl—if they do her no good they'll do you good. And now she'll have a little sleep." Bee caught him by the arm. " Sleep?" she said, looking at him suspiciously, " sleep ?" " Yea, sleep—that may give her strength for another day. Oh, ask no more, ohild. Life is not mine to give." What a night! Out of doors it was moon light as serene as heaven—the moon departing in tho west and another faint light that was day coming on tho other side, and tho first birds beginning to stir in the branches—but not even baby moving in the house. All fast asleep, safe as if trouble never was, as if death could not be. Bee went upstairs to her ohill white room where the white bed unoocupied looked to her like death itself—all cold, dreadful, full of suggestion. Bee's heart was more heavy than could be told. She had nothing to fall baok upon, no secret strength to uphold her. She had forgotten how wretohed she had been, but she felt it nevertheless behind the present anguish. Nevertheless she was only 19, and when she flung -herself down to ory upon her white pillow—only to cry, to get her passion out —beneficent Nature took hold of the girl and made her sleep. She did not wake for hours. Was it benefioent? for when she was roused by the opening of the door, and sat up in her bed and found herself still dressed in her evening frock with her little necklace round her throat there pressed back upon Bee suoh a flood of misery and trouble as she thought did not exist in tbe world. " Miss Bee, Miss' Bee! Master's come home. He's been travelling all night—and I dare not disturb Mrs. Moulsey in Missis's room. And he wants to see you this minit, please. Oh oome, gome, quiok, and don't keep the Colonel waiting," the woman said. Half awakened, but wholly miserable, Bee sprang up and rushed downstairs to her father. He oame forward to meet her at the door, frowning and pale. "What is this I hear?" he said. "What have you been doing to upset your mother ? She was well enough when I went away. What have you been doing to your mother ? You children are the plague of our life 1" [to bb continued.] 