ATHLETIC NOTEB. The Taernanian correspondent "Milo"on the West Coast, writes under date January 23: 'Matters are still very quiet in athletic ciroles on the West Coast. The only event of any interest to runners is the Anni versary Sports meeting to be held at Zeehan on Tuesday next. The handicaps liars been declared for the principal events, aid I was greatly surprised to see such a great number of entries considering the many competitors absent from the coast at present. I must confess, however, that moqt of the names are totally unfamiliar to me; for out of 42 nominations I only know abpnt half the runners, and I am not at all fiourthblyyImpressed with the handicap pg. j The promoters advertised a race of 80yds, and in the handicap they fine it down t' 120, which in my opinion does not give the scratch men a show. This is the case more especially in regard to Arch Linwood, who generally catches his men in the last few yards, and I do not think it is right to shorten the distance. If they intended it to be 120 yards why did they not advertise it so instead of misleading the competitors and general public ? A. Linwood is on the scratch with 10yds, but I think in the distance he is perfectly safe. E. lIillyard on the 13yds is a man I do not know; Skitch, also on the 13yds, would be slightly in it, but I am informed that he is on his way to his native home, New Zealand. Dick Saunders on the 16, Sam Johnston on 17, and J. Moore on the 18 yards in my opinion are safe, but now comes the pinch, for E. Evendon is placed on the 19yds after winning the largest handicap ever competed for on the coast and two other firsat, receiving Syds from the scratch man, and I think if for tune again favours this runner he will be in the final. Chapman looks all at home on the 20yds; Kingsly on the 22 is, I believe, another New Zealand man, and, from what I am informed, is far from being slow. I do not know what ever possessed the Caution Bros. to nominate, the general opinion being that neither of them has a ghost of a show. The rest of the runners I have neverseen competing, so I cannot comment upon them. Although the promoters have re ceived the largest number of entries for any handicap yet run on the coast, I miss T. J. Saunders, the "old horse," W. UI. Wesley, and A. G. Morton from the number. The Hurdle Race, like the handicap, has also been shortened 10 yards, to the dis gust of the scratch men, but if it is to be a contest similar to the last one competed for in Zeehan the sooner hurdle racing is done away with the better for the good of general sport. It is a"monte" for Sam John son if he should start, although there are a lot of names in it which I do not know. I am very sorry to have to record the death of Mr P. Fogarty, sen., of Strahan. He was a true lover of all classes of genuine sport. His eldest son, for the Strahan Chri-tmas sports, collected upwards of £100, also greatly helping the committee with the handicapping and starting the races off successfu ly. 