The Princess Opera Company. ... \ was with pleasure we found that the-Princess Opera Company, which played on W edncsclay night in Glen 'Lines, 'more' than- justified the most" flatter ing accounts that have been printed regarding them The comic opera, "Les Cloches de Corneville," was tqe piay -scageu on - tuis occasion, xuis ocauuiui opera sparkles as briskly with delicious musical aire as does a glass of freshly-opened champagne with effaryesenee, and is equally exhiliratiug. The .mounting -of- the piece iu respect to scenery left uothiug to be desired. This was painted by A1 r. .John Little of the Opera -House, -Alelbourne, with great talent, and being skilfully adapted to the Towu Hall stage, added considerably to the success of the performance.; -The characters without ex ception were well played. The lilting ciiorns of the " Bells of Corneviile," after which the piece takes its inline, the air- of which occurs several tinics. '.was inost enthusiastically appreciated by the audience, which," liy tiie way, was fairly numerous . despite the weather which was bitterly cold. The tuneful and well-trained voices of the singers iu : tlin aud other part songs with' which the opera is iuterepureed blended so harmoniously that the several airs have haunted tlie memory of those of a musical lieut who heard them. A serenade to his lady- love, sung in a splendid voice by a gay de ceiver of a fisherman (Mr. Arthur Hunter) iu tlie first scene .was admirable. Father Gaspard, tiie hiVmp-ljacked ohl miser, throughout the play was acted to life by Mr. Hugh Lightwood, as also was J one lumpous ami auiprise xsniiun ny Mr.- itiiwm Campbell, and the quaint drollery of the part of Gobo was; thoroughly entered into? by Air. F. Lear, who iii the most wonderful make-up of extreme emaciation, performed the most laughable antics with his spitidie shanks. Henri (Marquis de Coriie-' ville) ima striking looking military; costume, not OMjy S!lYe;pri)of of great liistrioiiic ability, hut also of the possession of a. splendid? voice.'' VVe iiave re served until nnw all mention of the lady'performers :wliq,.. app'rqpriaicly ;costumed:: - according to their parts.one and all looked charming aud sang sweetly as nightingalfs Notable amongst these was a sparkling ditty by Serpolette (Miss Tottie David son) aiid Germaiiie (Miss Ada Walker) with the refrain " Just look at that and look at this," of wliicii tlie former at first was an enticing but saucy . peasant girl, and then, proved to be a contesse; and Germaine a staid or but none the less charming daughter of a village grandee. Iii this character Miss Ada Walker sang some .charming love duets with tiie gorgeous Ctiptaih" Alarquis de Corneville. Iu tin; second act in the haunted castle Air. Light- wood' gave a most realistic representation of a miser worshipping his goldj aiut being scared "out of his wits by Greuichiex (Mr. R. Fitzgerald) masquera ding as the armor-clad ghost of one of the ancestors of the house of Coriieville. Tlie remaining charac ters — Miss Annie Carlton, Aliss Rose Darhyshire, Aliss Amy Read and: several others — left nothing to be desired .with their acting, and in fact there was. not a "stick" in the whole cast of the Priiiccss Opera, Company. - The company, as was to be expected, did so well at In verell. that they decidecVtoptolongtheirfvisit, and did not re appear in Sleii Inneslast evening, as originally announced. On Thursday night, how ever, they, will give a farewell performance, when " Girofic-Girofiu"— -in which the company have been so successful in other towns' — will be produced. Reserved seats may now be secured at Herbert S Vincent aud Co.'s. 