A USEFUL UHOST. By S. Esovies. Mally Smith 6tood in the ;ns£& of her neighbours. She trembled, nni her face bore evidence of her terror. Ybe scene was in front of a row fsl cottages te a country village not far from Manchester. Mslly had been to sec & friend, and wae returning up the lonely lane when she saw the 44 ghost." She had 6ome difficulty at first iu describing what ebe had seen, but after & few minutes, to give ber time to "g& her wynt/ she sefid: — j 44 it wor ft great white thing, eton'ing up; egen th' edge, about hawfe- way uptb1 lune. " Mercy on us !" exclaimed Befcty Haira-cn, 'Rftxngun her hands id horror, 44 thou doesn't say so, Xtally ? Wte&tever; sail we do if th thing stops tbeer e'together ; we'gt «! be freetetir. t deeth. ft Aft sure thoc eeed it ?" asked Stincy Roper incredulously. "Seed it? Tc be sure I eced It. Dost thlxdc I sould be run as I did if therend been nowt t I seed it as plain as I eee £hee this mfnnit. If t doesna believe -tne, goo -thy£el an ha a peep at it — tha'Utoan be so -skeptical "after thkt Ts warrant.'" Nancy, hewever, evidently h«d«eo wish for oetdarttemenetration, for she'etedd etiU and !putio fht4mer questions to 'When' the husbands came hereof com work they were told of what M&lly; hd seen, and after cwtUowing their tea they -congregated together on the fi≥, and "ovdr their pipes discussed the matter. One <rr' two were in the habit of going down theiisne every night to the 41 Jolly Farmer," end though they -professed Mally was "matin'-summat owt o no-t,' they were not so ready as usual to gfet away to their cups. After talking the matter over, assisted by their wives, who had naturally come out to hear what was said, they, (the men) decided to go in a body to eee ifctfacre were 44 owt in it." The night was very dork — there were no gas lamps, nor mooa«or stars, to light up the lane. Before leaving they provided themselves with stout Sticks, and Mally said to her husband, "Tim, dunno' go too near for fear th1 thing s ouifi" do soramat at thee to which Tim replied,44 If thou's made a foo' on us, I'll do &ummat; at thee when I come back, owd wench !" It was a time of cnxiety to the women when they saw their "husbands disappear in the darkness down the lane. Jemima Pratt, who sometimes attended the little chapel of the Primitive Methefiists in the village, said, 44 hoo wish they hent gone: it 'ould ha been best t' leave th'' thing alone; they'd geet Sam HhufBton, th£-ethody, to goo- wi 'em ; Sam wor >ich agood'ziion at nowt could do him ony hurt." 44 Our Bill '11 t2b no hurt," chimed in Mary Wometaley. 44 III bet if he gets a seet o't owt he'll tek to his heels whoaxn again, faster norbmo went. Ol welly wish there metb EOtamet i' th lone; it'll keep him fro' goln' deawn ev'ry nest to th 4 Farmer. ' Bill was one of those who was given to drink, bet was a coward, as every one of his neighbours knew, when not primed with beer. 44 What's that !" exclaimed Mally. 44I'm sure I heerd summat." 44 Net thee, thac net getten o'er thv freet yet," laughed tiny. 44 Bu' 1 did hear «ummat, I tellyoT; as sure as I'm standia' here. Theer— theer, theer it is agec ! Dunno' yo hear it T 44 We heerd suocnat then," was the general response ; and oneroid, 44 it wor tike a rabbit squeal in." " Happen it.or th' ghost," suggested Jemima. The women, now terrified, ran into their several houses, eroepting Sarah Tinker, who said, - Hoo dumtibe by hersel' for th' life on her," so she went into Ually's. " It's fearsome," site said, wringing her hands, « I wish onr Dick had no' gone — th' ghost's sure togethowdo'himdirat, he sich a bad tin. Kb, I do wish he'd nonoangane I" " Yore Dickllhe no woser no th" rest on 'em, so .far as that goes," said Mally. "They're noanon-'-sm too good. .Eeh, Lord ha' marby'onusa'! Whstiver ban we done amies asa ghost should ha" come i' th' lone to torment us? " Scarcely had Melly uttered these words than the clatter -of clogs was heard in the lane, and In a moiaent thpra mm. . im_ menaoua bang at the door, at which Sarah and Mally eet np Aloud screech. Thee Tim's voice was heard sheeting, "Oppen't dur! oppen'tdur? Mally, Mally, oppen 'tdur! Look sharp an' let me on ! Do look sharp ! " Mally sprang to the door, opened it, and Tim fell full length -on the floor, sayin', "Shut it ! bar it ! lock it ! Dunno let th' darned thing come da- here, Mally— it's th' ghost !" 'Mally, in a frenzy of fear, banged the door to'and locked .it; then with trembling hands laid hold of her (husband and helped him to his feet. "Wheer-'a !h' others?" she adad. . . f" How done I know?-,skettert whoam, I ,repkon. Thou .wants ihy.yed knocMn" off for lettm me goo. Eh, Asy, I thought it wor a np wi me I I thought tsViuld suver «ee thee no mora. Mally— J did thatF' "Hid t see it ?" Mally almost whispered, guiding Tim to a chair — "(How white tha looks !" -"Seeitl. Ithinkldidsee.it.!" "Did th1 others see it too T" " I dunno' know what th' others seed— I airf em— they run hard .enoof; bu' th dorn d thing were welly upo' me. It I had no' dodged it, I shouldn't ha' been here Eh, Jsclly, I'll be a hotter man fra' this neet. i will; there's no mistak'abent it I" Sarah Tinker, hearing this, became grefi. concerned abont the safety of her own husbands but for a considerable time Ae .failed to muster sufficient courage to leave Mally s. At length, however, her anxiety overcame her fear, and she opened MaUy'e door, peeped cautiously- out. and then darted to her own house, as if the ghost was faying to clnteh her. Indeed, as she deduced after, die "a'most felt Ins grisly hoods at th" hack o' her neck; an" hoo could ha soreamed out wL frieght. " When safely locked within her own house she looked round for Diok, hut he wae nowhere to he seen. Hearing a groan np- staira she lit a candle and ascended to the bedroom, and there she discovered her bettor half in bed with the bUnket wrapped tighfly round his head, moaning and groaUng, begging the ghost to have mercy on Uunandhe'-dnevnset drnnk etraio . "See ihadoesnt, 'said Sarah, gettingthe better ot her.frij$thcwhe was safely in her ovmhcuse nhd saw.Hick , wasn't spirited '-dhilderafter thla. Eh. it wor " :ff®-:;inivartbpoghtIs'offid4wetoeee abont like mad, an' then it took after us. I don't know if it satcht onyhody, bu if it did it's a' up wi 'em." "Well," said Sarah, "I hope it'll ho a warnin' to yo' a', for yo're none o' yo' too good, by a' accounts."' "It will, it will! Sarah, hast' a Bible i' tli' house, or ono o' them pappers th' chillier brings fro' th' Snnday-school ? I'll begin o' rtadin' 'em if t' has." ' ' Thou'd better get up an' poo thy things off, I' tbinkin. Th' bed cloas '11 be in a bonny mess wi' them dirty ehoon. Thou met a' ta'en 'em off, at onny rate." " I couldn't, Sarah. I re too freet nt t do owt." Dick got up, and instead of pulling off his things and going to bed, insisted on going downstairs and reading a chapter from the Bible— a thing he had not done for full a dozen years. It was never discovered what the ghost was. If someone playei a practical joke tho fact was never revealed. Some of the bolder spirits, in spite of what they hoard, watched in the lane night after night, bnt no ghost appeared; and they " then declared tho whole affair was the creation of terror on the part of Tim; Dick, and his neighbours. But no amount of argument or ridicule could ever convince "those who went lown the lane on the first night that they hadn't seen a veritable ghost. And the evidence of the soundness of their belief was in the future character of their lives. The " Jolly Farmer " never saw therti within its walls again. Buth Tim aud Dick became -"religious,' and Mally and Saraband Mary Womersley weie made all the happier for the change in their husbands. Dick would say to any one who tried to chaff him abont the ghost, " Tha may eay what tha will, bu' I know what I seed, an' if tha only seed th' same tha'd shut thy mouth an say no more about it." It wa' the opinion of some people that the "ghost" was no other than Billy Nuttall's old white horse that had strayed out of the field into the lane. But tho-e who held this opinion kept it to themselves when they saw lhe salutary effect it had on those who had Keen it. 