EASTERN NEWS. crusade against pirates A Poisonous Gas Tragedy. A Mythical Monster— Haulccw Tea Season— Fierce Gale— A Gigantic Gold Rush — Conspirators on. Trial — A Bant Embezzler Wanted— The Shortest Sum- ming Up On Record— Pnhang Revolt— Alleged Wholesale Poison ing of British . Troops. The s.s. Guthrie, which arrived to-day from Hongkong, brings the following Eastern news : — The Chinese authorities in Canton havo decided to renew tho crusade against Dirates. hriirimils nnr? mnlufn/itAMB /-» F ntinHTi description which was carried on with so much success by General Fong-yu for two years prior to his decease a year.ago. _ A Japanese contemporary states that four villagers of Okayamu, Shinobu-gori, Fuku- shima prefecture, whilo on their way homo on May 5 ii'oma hot spring resort at Guma- jiri, in an adjoiuing district, were seized and asphyxiated by an escape of poisonous gas from a, spot near which they had to pass. On their friends going to recover the bodies, notwithstanding till precautions, two more persons lost their lives. The skull and forearm of a specimen of the mythical Jupaucse monster, the tengu, havo been discovered at Shiguku-mura, and brought to Kobe ; but there seems to bo some doubt as to their genuineness. We are still on a hunt for a skeleton of that mythical monster, the bunyip, but so far our researches havo not been crowned with much success. The Hankow tea season has opened, but the prospects of this year's business in this article _ are most discouraging. Owing to the rain which fell in such large quantities this spring tho quality of the leaves is, as expected, much deteriorated. Merchants who are making purchases are not feeling sanguine. An immense number of boats were cap sized during tho tierce gale which visited Hankow on the morning of May 1. Tho boat people had no warning of the approach ing danger aud were suddenly overtaken by the gale. Boats of all kinds, large and small, drifted from their itiooring9 and dragged their anchors. Although the life boats succeeded in rescuing some people, the nuinbor of lives lost is very great. The "rush" to the Raton gold-fields in North Formosa still continues. Muny old diggers are flocking thither from the Straits, Canton, ,Shunghui and various southern coast ports. Already upwards of 300,000 diggers are at work in tho Ratoti region and many or them are making their "pile" rapidly, while others have amassed fortunes quickly and left for " home, sweet home" long ago. A crowd of Chinese passengers is bound for what it is hoped will prove to be tho Bendigo of the Orient. A poverty-stricken man of Tscnhai waB made suddenly rich by a lucky invest ment in the Manila Lottery. Tho money he bought the ticket with which obtained him the prize was picked up in the street. It is said that he was direclcd in a dream to go to that particular place by his dead father's ghost which also advised him . to make the investment. Anothor batch of six Kolao Hui people is reported to have fallen into tho hands of tho indefatigablo Commissioner of Police at Wuhu, whose successful efforts in unearth ing these dangerous personages have of late rendered his name distinguished. Tho cap ture was effected some time last month aud the prisoners have undergone several trialB i since. They are now in heavy irons aud are locked up in tho Ngankin prieoD. It 13 bruited abroad that one of the prisoners is a son of a certain military mandarin. When witnessing drill oho morning at Pekin, General Siao met .with an accident which nearly cost him his life.' 'The soldiers were firing a blank volley when a bullet, which had, through tho carelessness of a soldier, found its way into a rifle, whistled past tho general's head, penetrating the top of the official hat which he was wearing. On learning 'what had occurred, General Yung ordered the culprit to bo brought before hint, and sentenced him to death, but through the intercession of General Siao the sentcuco was cancelled, though for his gross carelessness tho soldier had one of his ears clipped us an examplo to others. Immediately on arrival at Singapore on May 10 the French mail steamer Saglmlien wus met at the wharf by the police, who were in search of an absconding embezzler expected to arrivo by that boat. It was known that a man, by name Rudolf Jaeger, who was formerly in the employ of the Rothschild family at Frankfort, had, to gether with his paramour, said to bo an actress, taken out a passage by the mail, and the authorities in Europe telegraphed out for him to be intercepted. So far, how- ever, Jaeger, who is wanted en a charge of embezzling 2,000,000 marks, about £100,000, has succeeded in eluding capture, and no sign of the delinquent was to ho found on board the Saghalien, though it is stated that two persons answering to tho descriptions given were landed at Suez. Perhaps if they muko for Australia the police here v/ill keep a sharp look out. At an early hour one morning last month in Hongkong Sergeant Reynolds, of the Shropshire Light Infantry, when on duty at Headquarter House discovered a Chinese carpenter attempting to commit suicide by hanging himself up to u tree in tho grounds. The would-be suieido tried to commit the raBli act with his wuist-hand, but, misjudg ing tho distunce of the drop, failed to swing clear of terra firma, and his toes just touched tho ground and prevented him pnsBing blissfully from tinio into eternity. He promptly doubled up, putting tho wholo weight of his body on tho noose. The sergeant, however, cut him down before lie was through with tho busi ness. Next morning the cooiie met Mr. Wodehouse in his magisterial hall, and tear fully told him that the reason for tho rash act was that some heartless rogue had stolen 7dol. from his purse, which ho intended to forward to his mother, who was lying ill at Canton. Being unablo to help her ho thought' it just as well to try to meet her " across tho border hence tho swinging. His Worship sagely bound him over in his own recognisances to tho amount of 25dol. not to do it again for six months. Mr. Justice Donman, says a Hongkong journal, has beaten tho " record" in brevity of summing up. It wns in a claim for damages through a street collision. Wit nesses gave, of oottrso, contradictory ac counts of tho accident ; but, when all was finished, and counsel had laboriously twisted the facts to suit tho caso of their respected clients. Mr. Justice Denmnn, turning to tho jury, said, "How much"" And tho jury, with almost equal promptitude, replied "£40," which included £3 the defendants had paid into court. It was iu the samo case that Mr. Justice Donman mentioned the mistako of a witness who used words of which ho did not know tho meaning, Ho wished to say that the doctor who attended him was only a " locum tenonB," but persisted in calling him a "local demon." Even when the proper phrase had bees put to him three or four times ho stuck to his own version as the real one, and left the witness-box iully persuaded that a .medicul practitioner who officiates for another is a " local demon." " English as she is wrote" m fair Dai Nip- SHOW THIS —CARD TO Mark of Jinrikisha- Japanese men. JEWELRY MAKER. A FINEST IN TOWN WHISKYBOY No. 17, Aioicholtchome (Miuoatobashidori.) YOKOHAMA JAPAN. v.». oi.wy uuau uiiu uujigiug woraer emit have everybody known, and having articles Genuine Japanese Crystal and all kinds of Curious Stones, Ivory Catseyes, Pearl and pure Tortoise Shell, etc, work for Indies hair ornaments, Earrings, Laco Pin, Collor-Cufls Buttons, and Fingerrings, also for Gent's scarf pin. Buttons, Charin and Sepeetaclcs, Gold and Silver articles, otc, etc., and (Repairs) gildings gold or silver plate in electroplate or pluinmending Sword, Fan, Chine, Lockets and Charms ;,ote, Cnrveiiig, in Laid, work own names or monograms or any deBigii according to orders we can works how much difficult Job with lowest Price insure, please try, once try. don't forget name WHISKY. The Pinanq Gazette doubts tho earnest ness of the Sultan of Puhnng in moving against the rebels there, and looks forward to the Straits Government intervening with a strong hand. It says:— "Tho country must be pacified in one way or other, and the murders that havo been committed must be atoned for. Wo regret that Sir Cecil Smith persists with an obstinacy which, as regards the want of energy shown, is characterised by a Singapore paper as 'a strango paralysis of will and judgment,' in his treatment ot the Pahaug troubles. We regret that his Excellency will not see that he is on an unstable nnd a costly track, the end of which no one can foretell. But since his Excellency prefers hard-hitting to reason ing, prefers force to diplomacy, let him hit with effect this time. Let there be no more empty parades, and if the Sultan will not do what is necessary let tho Government do it for him and replace him by a more amenable puppet. " Rumors were all over Hongkong last month respecting what is alleged to have been a dastardly attempt to perpetrate a wholesale massacre.of the rank and filo of tho 1st Shropshire Light Infantry Regiment now stationed in Hongkong. One report stated that 250 men were lying iu the wards of the military hospital in a very critical condition, but later in tho day tho number was reduced to 130, The men, it was said, had been suddenly seized with terrible griping pains in the stomach aud severe vomiting, which left some of them' not only completely prostrated but alsoinscDBible for hours at a stretch. It is known that one man suoounibed and wan buried promptly. The rumora afloat attributed the sickness to poison put in tiie moil's bread, much in tho same way as did the infumous A-lum, away back in the fifties. Whether that is so or not cannot positively be stated at present, for inquiries at the barracks were stolidly repulsed, and quito failed to elicit any state ment on tho subject one way or tho other. Of- course, when nothing is wrong nothing is hidden (writes tho Hongkong Telegraph). Now thero is an unmistakable air of mystery maintained by those who are " in tho know" in this affair, which only increases the seriousness of rumors based on ignorance or imperfect knowledge. This mysterious secrecy is had enough iu itself, but a more potent reason for attaching some import- unce_ to the rumor of an attempt to poison British troops wholesale is found in the fact that, Binco the arrival of the Shropshire Regiment in Hongkong, quite au unusual number of their cooks and other Chinese servauts have been detected stealing beef, bread, _ coffee, &c.;, from the barracks, and on various petty churgos have been haled up before the magistratcsandseverely punished, ns they no doubt deserved. It is well known that at times Chinese become very vicious when checked iu what they consider their lawful pursuits, ana nurse their wrath until such time as they think they can strike with safety. This being so, it is well within the bounds of reason to believe that there has been an attempt made to poison the three companies of British soldiers who have been most prominent in these prosecutions, and that the crime has been committed by some person or persons from spite and with malico aforethought. Whether this is actually tho ca3e wo are not at present in a position to state, but if there is any truth in these cur rent rumors, which arc given to the public for whatever they may be worth, wo shall await with interest the sensational revela tions in the police court at an early date. For it is above all to be hopbd that, if really such a dastardly crime has heen attempted, the military authorities will not try to hush it up or allow tho miscreants to escape well- merited punishment. 