People We It£a-l About. i Bernhardt, Patti, and Langtry are each segaged in writing a bcofe. L:rd LvUon was tho sixteenth earl who died in IS'Jl. Lord Lyttcn was a believer in ghostE. His seat, Kuebswcrih. was haunted, he wa6 con vmctd. Hiram Chase, an Indian of the Omaha tribe, has been penuittted to the praatice of the law at Omahn. Mrs. K°ndnl is tbe inventor and patentes of a lamp and candle shade, from the sale cf which she derives a very handsome prifir. Bismark, is what in Germany they call a | 'chain smoker,' thnt is he smokes from I irorniDg till night without a break, | lighting one cigar with the end of tbe other. Hie full name, with its tities, was the Right Honorsble Eiward Robert Bu'.war | Lvtton. Earl of Lytton, G.C.U., G.C. S., C.L.E., L L.D., but the great world will know him best and remember him best as Owen Meredith. A strange figure on the streets of Wash ington is tbat cf Josephine J. Jarocki, a Polish countess and a cracdniece of Count Pulaski, oi revolutionary fame. She is described as a' human dried apple,' poor to indigence and nhabbil'y dressed, and she ie about fiftv years old. For twenty-fire years j she has been fighting for a fortune left by I GGunt Pulaski. Mile, Bilcesco, the young Roumanian re ccntiy tdmiUed lo practise law in France, is a tali, gsaceful, end dsrk-haired girl of I twenty-tbree. She is tbe only child of a I hanker at Bucharsst, Bnd in that city she j has hung oct her Ehiagle. Her course of [ instruction in the law in P^-ria lasted for I six years, and curing tbsit time she was afc [ sent - but one diy from the lecture j I room. j Paul du Chuillu says that whenever in the | forests of Africa he encountered a gorilla his I I life bucg on a sk-nder shread, for either he ^ or tbe gorilla had to die. Inasmuch as the | | genial traveller ia still alive, ii Eeems likely j that he gave a quietus to more than cne of the big apes. According to M. du Chailiu the female gorilla slee{rs at night in the branches of a tree, while tbe male repos?s at the base of tbe tree to keep her frcm harm. 