DAKGEftOJiS JOKING. ?.<> ARTIN wafe the eldest son and hope of A IU Mr. Lord, tLo Squire of Morton. His amiable disposition and superior intel lect procured for him universal love and esteem. Martin was a great favourite with the girls, old and young ; bub he never showed any marked partiality to anyone until he became intimate wibli Isabella Ash ton, the daughter of the clergyman. Isabella was young and the most thought less girl in the village. She could have little sympathy with a person of such deep feelings and elevated intellect as Martin ; and, beautiful as she was, it seemed strange that he should have given his love to her. Martin and Isabella had been pointed out as lovers by village gossips for several months; he was now nineteen, and she was of the same age, when the incideut about to be related occurred. One evening Isabella had a social gather ing of young people at the house. - Martin, of course, was present, with the fairest youths and maidens ; and the company enjoyed themselves freely with jests, songs, and social games. The hour at which such parties usually broke up had already passed, when some one foolishly mentioned the subject of ghosts, something of that description having been reported as having been seen in the vicinity of the churchyard. "It is a silly report," said Martin. Nobody can believe that a ghost has really been seen there ; and I doubt if any person here believes in the existence of ghosts." " You do yourself, you know you do, Martin, although you are ashamed to own it," cried Isabella; but Martin only laughed. "Come, now," continued the thoughtless girl, " I can prove that you have some idea that such things may exist. Go to the church yard alone in the dark, and then declare, if you can, that you felt 110 fear." " And what would that prove ?" " Why, you will be frightend, though you should see nothing. Your fears would put your belief to the test. How could you be afraid if you did not feel that there was something to be afraid of ?" " I do hot think your logic is the best in the world," replied Martin, laughing. " But I deny, in the first place, that a journey to the churchyard, even at midnight, would frighten me in the least." . "Ha, ha! but you shall not escape so," laughed Isabella. " Here, before these, our friends, I promise that this ring shall be yours," she. continued, displaying one given her by an old lover, which Martin bad desired her to pavt with, " provided you go to the churchyard alone, in the dark, and declare on your honour when you return that you were not afraid." "Agreed," said Martin, buttoning bis coat. " And as an evidence that you go the entire distance, you can bring back with you the iron bar which you will find close by the gate," said Isabella. Thus driven by taunts to the commission of a folly, Martin took leave of the company, full of courage and spirit, and set out on his errand. He marched steadily to the church yard, stopped a moment to gaze at the white tombstones gleaming faintly in the dart: and desolate ground, for the stars shone brilli antly in the clear, cold sky — then taking up the bar of iron of which Isabella had spoken, set out to return. He bad proceeded about half way, when, in the gloomiest part , of the road, he saw a white figure emerge from a clump of willows and come towards him. All Martin's strength of courage was gone in an instant. Courage give place to desperation ; his hair standing erect and his blood rnnning chill with horror, still lie stood bis ground. The spectredrew nearer, seeming to grow whiter and larger as it approached. We cannot tell what frenzy seized npon the brain of the unhappy youth at that moment. He raised the bar, and rushed upon the spectre. The guests at the clergyman's house heard terrible screams. Dreading some tragic termination to the farce they rushed to the spot. They found Martin kneeliDg on a prostrate figure, bis fingers clutching convulsively at its throat, while he still uttered frantic shrieks for help. One of the young men forced Martin to relax his hold on the throat of the figure, whilst another tore away the folds of the sheet and disclosed the blood-stained features of Isabella, dis torted in . death. Martin uttered an unearthly shriek and fell lifeless upon the corpse. He never spoke again, and lived but a few months, to die an idiot. NEVER TELL A LIE. Young man, never tell a lie ; especially if you happen to be a married man and your wife is a woman who knows what two and two make — or, at all events, hardly ever tell one. A lie may seem harmless enough at the time, but it will stick to you like wax. Listen to what George Washington Sploggs has to suffer in consequence of a little fib he once told. George had been out to supper at a bachelor friend's diggings, and, in the natural order of events, he was off colour tbe following morning— he had, in fact, about a No. 11 nausea, beadacbe, and thirst. At breakfast his wife wondered why lie had no appetite for the nice fat bacon — at least, it would have been nice if it hadn't been rather cindery on one side and not cooked on the other. And then he didn't take his tea, and she was sure he couldn't complain of its nob being strong enough, for it had been stewing on the hob for three-quarters of an hour. And the margarine wasn't so very strong but what a healthy man might have eaten the toast. So George bad to explain, and he said ho didn't feel very well— rather bilious ; be thought the salmon they had for supper last night hadn't agreed with him. Now, this was the lie. George didn't think anything of the sort, and they hadn't had any salmon for supper. If he had been well enough to think at all, he would have known that it was that last half glass of whisky. But he recklessly told the lie. George struggled into his overcoat, and after desperate endeavours managed to squeeze his hat on to his swollen head ; and be went off to the office wondering why somebody didn't invent hat-horns on the principle of the shoe-horn. And Nemesis marked him for her own. Mrs. Sploggs saw through that lie in a twinkling, and she determined to have her revenge for the deception George had tried to impose upon her. This is what now happens : - When George feels inclined to to have a little toddy at home before going to bed, Mrs. Sploggs will get out the glasses and decanter, and put the kettle on the fire, and will ask: " Will you have any lemon in your salmon, George ?" When a friend comes in of a night to see George, and George asks him to have a nip, Mrs. Sploggs always makes a point of asking tbe friend if he likes his " salmon " hot or cold ; and then explanations have to be given, which makes George feel somewhat foolish like. And theD,to crown all, she has coached up the slavey in the joke. The other night, when the decanter was found to bo empty, she rang for the girl, gave her some money and told her to go round to the " Golden Lion " for a bottle of tlircc-and-sixpenny " salmon." And the girl grinned as she took the money and went for it. George is beginning to think that the situation will remain unaltered nntil he joins a Band of Hope and buys a few yards of blue ribbon. Magistrate (to prisoner) : " Have you any remarks to make ?" Prisoner (a barber) : " Yes, your worship. Sour hair wants cutting, " 