Sporting Gossip. [BY. TBK VAGBAKT.] Following quickly on the sews of the demise of -that great stud horse The Drummer, comes intelli- gence of the death of another noted sire in the Northern district, The Works, who died at Scone a few days hack. Although he had by no manner of means done so much to improve the thoroughbred in Australia as the gallant old English bay. The Works was a wonderfully useful horse, and was the sire of many smart nags. He was by Fireworks from Baroness, by Boiardo, and was purchased with j his dam jUBt a score of years ago in Melbourne by Mr. Thomas Cook, of Turanville, where he always stood, and where-I think I am right in saying he was the first blood horse used. I never saw The WorkB, but he has been described to me as a beau- tifully-shaped animal which some accident pre \- vented ever carrying silk. Some years back he suffered from a veneral disease and was long kept in running water; hut his affection did not prevent ?him from producing splendid stock, the great . majority of whom could gallop, but who were not -good stayers. The best of his get were African . who went to India-Labour, Scone, Maltese, Fancy, Starlight, Maitland, and Protection ; but as a sire of peacocky hacks he was incomparable. He has left some excellent youngsters behind him, including a half-brother to Vespasia and Grenadier, a half sister to Spendora, and a half- brother to Drildool and Shanks. The Works was a great favourite, with Mr. Cook and his excellent head man man Mr. Percy Lee, and the old horse did much to make Turanville the most noted stud in the colony as the nursery of useful equines. I am told that The Drummer of late grew so ?Seeble that it was thought but merciful to invoke, the aid of friendly bullet to end the life of the once great son of Bataplan. Mick Lynch informs me that if Jack M'Elhone of Newcastle who challenged any man in the ?colony to battle to a finish at lOst. 8lb., is sincere in his desire fora match, he will meet him at either Weat Maitland or Newcastle for aside bet \- of Ü10 a-side and the house. The men must weigh ? on the afternoon of the contest and a communica rtion to Lynch at the Volunteer Hotel will bring M'Elhone an immediate reply. After a lengthened spell Little Bernie is in work . again at Randwick, and the son of deviot ÍB said to be looking and doing very well for the time he :has been up. Visitors to the late race meeting at Raymond Terrace speak in high terms oi the colts Jersey and Velocity, who ran first and second in the Produce Stakes. The first named is out of Ormuz, whilst 'Velocity is out of the dam of the speedy Voltigeur, and both are of course by Prince Imperial, so that they ought to ripen into very fair performers. Prince Imperial is by Kelpie out of Beprieve's «ister, Queens Head, who once carried the spotted jacket of Sir Hercules Bobinson, and it was tei ribly unfortunate that he had his shoulder broken in Grace Darling's memorable Caulfield Cup, for the big chestnut was undoubtedly one of the fastest horses in Australia and certainly one of the best ever owned by that astute general Mr. John Mayo, who after all is one of the pluckiest and most honeBt supporters of the sport of kings that .we can boast of. A line from Bathurst informs me that Muriel's ?union with Trenton not producing the looked for 'result, the daughter of Washed Ashore was put into work again by Joe Burton. However he was 'destined to have bad luck with her, for the mare wrenched herself a few days ago whilst galloping, and is very unlikely to ever carry silk again. One of the most disappointing racehorses on the Australian turf of late years- always excluding and -excepting that gay deceiver Gatling-was Whim- brel, who if he did not entirely break most of the .people connected with him, at least artistically _^ bent and financially demoralised them. The son of N St. AlbanB and Curlew has lately changed hands, his destination being India, but as his new pur -chaser has a big heart and a big purse he will give the horse a chance or two before he finally leaves our shores for the land of the coral strand. Two of our most noted boxers, Billy Murphy and George M'Kenzie, left for 'Prisco by the Alameda during the week in company with Jones, the great handball champion. Murphy's sole ambition now is tomeetthe half-caste bantam Dixon atabout83t.,and when the pair get together there should be a cyclone on a small scale. M'Kenzie, it seems, has been pro- mised a match at 9st. odd and as he is a scientific if not determined boxer he should do well in the land of the stars and stripes. With Peter Jackson^ Slavin, Fitzsimmons, Hall, Billy M'Carthy George Dawson, the brothers Williams, Murphy and M'Kenzie holding up the Australian banner, and Charley Dunn and Joe God- dard getting ready to help those named in foreign parts, the Colonials are pretty well repre- sented when the talk turns to .fighting. The Paterson Jockey Club and Jupiter Pluvius are evidently at loggerheads, for the master of tho watering cans resolutely refuses to provide any sort of a suitable day to allow the sporting body to get off its long threatened race meeting. The latest adjournment has been until Saturday next, April H, and sportsmen who intend patronising the gathering should not forget that nominations have been left open until this evening. The pro- gramme ÍB a very good one, and it may be found in another portion of this iBSue. To the kindness of Mr. John M. Bacon, hon. secretary of the Gunnedah Amateur Turf Club, is due the fact that I have received a neat little book- let containing a complete return of the club's fourth reunion held on May 29,1891, a list of tie paid-up members for last year, the balance-sheet for 1891, and the revised rules for 1892. I notice that over eighty members were enrolled last season, a number that should much improve, whilst a credit balance of JB64 16s 5d existed. Among the rules I notice one to the effect that any horse competing at the Club's meeting may he claimed by a member for ¿50 at any time during the meeting, snch horse to be submitted to auction at the discretion of the .committee ; any surplus to go to the Club. This will certainly prevent any " readying up" a hot 'un as a plant, but it may on the other hand create some confusion if a horse which ÍB thought -to have a good chance of sweeping the decks of all the good things be claimed before it starts by someone who doeB not like to face him with his own candidate. The next race meeting of the club is fixed for Saturday, May 31, the day succeeding -the local show. A Gaslight Handicap will be inn at the Australian Ground this evening. The entries are numerous. In parts of Italy a thread, saturated with a red mixture is stretched across the straight of a course and this is used to determine the first horse in a very close race. The horse strikes the thread with his cheat, upon which it leaves a plain red mark. 'This would not be a bad idea for at least promoters of pedestrian handicaps to try. Mr. W. B. Wilson's horses Strathmore, Zalinski, and La Tosca, are expected to arrive in Sydney to- oday or on Monday. Mr. Pat. McCarthy, of Morpeth, was exceedingly unfortunate with the colt which he purchased at the sale of Mr. Baldwin's stock lately. He gave a good price for a rather ill-looking, hollow-backed colt, but had only had him a day or two when the youngBter disappeared. Mr. M'Carthy has offered a reward of a couple of pounds for his recovery, and he tells me that it would be next to useless anyone detaining him for he has a private mark on, him which he could swear to in twenty years if necessary. A few days ogo whilst taking part in the Hurdle Eace, the horse Bedwing turned a terrible turtle and broke his neck. This was the first time Bed wing had ever fallen, and his death afforded a coincidence, as his brother Pirate also broke his neck on the first occasion on which he fell. i Admiréis of a good horse will be sorry to hear of the death of the thoroughbred stallion First Chester, which took place at Casino a few days ago. First Chester was a son of the defunct Chester and Marie Stuart, and was a fast but unfortunate horse on the turf. He was owned by Mr. Pat McCarthy, of Morpeth, two years back, and was at the ser- vice of the public for a couple of seasons, besides being successfully exhibited at local showE. He was a big biown horse whose symmetry was only spoiled by his being a good deal on the leg. As he was only eight years old he had not many chances at the stud, hut one of his sons, Green Leek, won a race at the late Singleton meeting. First Chenter C03t his late owner 600 guineas, and the cause of death was congestion and inflamation of the lungs, a com- plaint which many Lismore horses have suffered from. From Bathurst I learn that Blue Peter, whe was bred by Mr. James Lee, at Larras Lake, in 1869, is still as gay and fresh as a two-year old, although his summers number one-score-and-three. Bine Peter is by Kingston (imp.) from Blue Bell, by Little John, and is therefore brother in blood to Lady Jette, a mare in the Tocal stud, who is dam of Surplice, Bando, Jettison, The Fifer, etc. The old fellow, who won the Y. B. C. St. Leger of 1873, is described as a regular equine Brigham Young, and is credited with having sired 100 foals during one season. The Caulfield Cup winner of 1891, «'Naroo, and the winner of the last Newmarket Handicap, Wild Bose, have arrived at Randwick to prepare for forthcoming engagements. They are both said to be looking well, the mare especially. Isaac, who won the Farm Stokes and Flying Handicap at the late Warwick Farm reunion, should be even a better colt than his performancia denote, smart as they are, fur he is by Splendor out of Old Wife, by Piscator out of Ragpicker, who was full sister to Sylvia, dam of Groldabrough, Martini-Henry, etc. I have not seen Isaac since he was a yearling, when he was on the small side, but he had a beautiful middle and strong quarters, although he did not look nearly so well as some of his companions at Tocal, as his dam was a bad mother, and to this fact may fairly be attributed much of the execrable temper which he is accused of often exhibiting now-a-days. What an unlucky horse Bridgment is ! He began life as a hackney about Broke, but, showing pace, waa quickly converted into a racehorse, and taken to Sydney. The company there was a deal too aristocratic for the son of Lecturer, and at his first attempt at Newcastle ho was badly beaten in a Flying Handicap. He then ran a dead heat with Eveline in a Selling Bace-an event which nine people out of every ten thought he had won, and was beaten by a head in the run-off. At Ray- mond Terrace he managed to down Eveline, and got, through the perils of a protest safely. Another objection was lodged against him at Maitland, which ho also escaped, but after he had won at Raymond Terrace on Monday he was once more objected to, and this time successfully, for his rider (P. Kennedy) had at one time ridden ponies and had neglected to have the disqualification removed before he took to steering big horses. Consequently backers of the unlucky Bridgment at the Terrace lost their money and also their horse, for he was claimed and purchased by Mr. J. Hill, who had at one time previously possessed him. Mr. Donald Wallace has definitely decided that he will practically give up racing and devote his attention to the breeding of thoroughbreds. With this end in view I am told be intends throw- ing all his two-year-old fillies out of work preparatory to mating them with Carbine, and the only horses he will keep in training at Flemington under Waiter Hickenbotham will be the disappoint- ing Titan and TJrith. There lately died in South Australia a notable horse, no other than old Sheet Anchor, once one of the best known of Australian " leppers," but who lately has been enjoying that leisure which his good deeds of the past warranted. Nearly a score of years ago-for Sheet Anchor was pretty well a quarter of a century old before he gave up the ghost-the old grey was the property of Mr. John Brown, a farmer and milier of Ballarat, and it was Sheet Anchor's duty to draw flour around the district and to drag the agile plough. One day after he had had several hours at the latter game, and was being taken home he got away from the ploughman and when followed popped over all the fences before him, encumbered as he was with his tackle, and when chased by horsemen he simply left them as"he liked and it was not till hunger forced him that he once again re- turned to captivity. From that day Sheet Anchor was looked upon as a steeple- chaser, and indeed there have been few better in the colonies, though he had not an aristocratic pedigree, BO far as I know. Long threatened comes at last. Everyone who I knew the Breeza horse Whitefoot now in Sydney knew perfectly well that under the terms in which Mr. Scarr was giving him, it was only a matter of health and willingness when a good handicap would fall to his lot. They have not been disappointed* Up north he was decidedly a better performer than Lustre, but in Sydney the mare was always asked to give the gelding from 10 to 13 lbs., and as Bhe was capable of finishing in the frontrank when spun out, what sort of a cop must Whitefoot be, argued the supporters of the latter. Anyhow Whitefoot managed to get home in the Pace Welter at the War- wick Farm meeting on Monday, after being made a red hot favourite, but it was only by the skin of his teeth as it were, for he was badly interfered with in the straight, and it was only Charley Pearson's vigorous horsemanship that pulled the race out of the fire. On Thursday the northern representative gave us another taste of his quality, winning the ' City and Suburban Handicap easily at Bosehill. Whitefoot ÍB by the Kelpie horse Koreelah from Hope, who was, I fancy, by The Drummer, and was bred by Mr. J. Clift. Old Volcano has been taken to Victoria, where he will be trained by P. Ward at Caulfield. Mr. Harry Thurlow has sent me a very neat card programme of the approaching Narrabri race meet- ing. The prizes are very liberal, the dates May 11 and 12, and nominatiqns are due on April 22. That speedy mare Quicksilver, has been turned out for a spell. It is probable that Mr.||Stead will send Martini Henry's sister Engagement to England to be mated with some noted BÎre. Mr. W. M. Steinbeck, of the Wollombi, pub-, liBhes the conditions of a rather strange Sires' Pro- duce Stakes to be run at the Laguna race meeting on January 26,1893. The event is for the progeny of all stallions standing in the Wollombi district, the owners of which are asked to subscribe £2 each, whilst the advertiser adds a fiver to the prize. Persons interested should study the an- nouncement, which carries with it a very good idea if it were only properly worked up and managed, There will be athletic sports and a football match on the Albion Ground on May 24. So far Wandering Willie, West Australia's equine champion, has done very badly in Victoria, but I learn that the son of Two of Hearts has been far from well, and that when wound up hs will make the beat of his opponents " splatherboo," as the push elegantly and concisely express the act of going in a hurry. Wandering Willie is not a beauty to look at, but Mr. Towton has refused a big price for him in the sister colony. The horses Oroya and Barraba passed through Maitland on their way to Moree on Wednesday. ^ One of the hardest tasks that can be set a turf scribe is to sit him down and ask him to deal prophetically with the Bowley Mile and Hawkes- bury Handicap with some degreeof success. It has ever been thus, and I know many punters who have a perfect horror of the Hawkesbury Handicap, so noted is it as a developer of surprises, and the change in the distance from a mile and a half to a mile and three furlongs, which has been made this season, is not likely to make things any plainer. However the field is very small, as only twenty four horses have been weighted, and Tridentine is the best of these, but I prefer the daughter of SomnuB over a mile. If Impulse be nearly as good a horse as that jade Bumour credits him with being, there ¡B nothing about 8st. 41b. to stop him, but I prefer Althotas, for I know him to bs a very fair animal. Vespasia, Dick, Whitefoot, Gildas, and Welcome have also been left with a chance, and the seven I have suggested should provide the placed horses. There are twenty-eight horses handicapped for the Bowley Mile, in which Tridentine, Bedtime, Shamrock, The Markee, Sam Weller, and Whitefoot will all run very forward. Considerable interest is manifested as to what will win the Rosehill Cup this afternoon, and there is certain to be very heavy post betting on the event, for " Tattersall^ " consultation is bound to loosen the joints of many otherwise stiff 'uns. Bungebah is at the head of the list with 9st. 91b., a weight which he is thoroughly master of j but I would prefer his chance if the extra three furlongs were cut off the mile. Still, the son of Grandmaster is a wonderfully good horse when well, and that he is very well just now was proved on Thursday, when he beat Camoola at weight-for- age. I have no intention of going through the list, but will simply select the half-dozen from which I think the place-getters will spring. They are-Bungebah, Althotas, Dick, Gildus, Shamrock and Retford. Of these I like Althotas j best of all, for the son of Goldine-judged by his form at Newcastle-ÍB coming on, and those are the sort of horses to support. Dick is a real good sort when ready, and although Gildus has ron very j disappointingly in this colony, he was undoubtedly one of the best horses Queensland could boast of a few months back, and my readers need not be sur- prised to hear that he has won a handicap one of these days with great ease. If Shamrock can stay he has been treated with great leniency, whilst, I think Retford is the makings of a fine horse. To attempt to place them I will write AI/THOTA^,' BUNGEBAH, and GILDUS. The acceptances for the Moree race meeting are very small when compared with the list of nomina- tions, but little else was expected. Men who go racing and who know the majority of the horses, regard the principal handicaps as the best of good things for Bokhara, who appears to have been let off very lightly. Warpaint, who won the Austral Handicap at Rosehill on Thursday, is one of the Kirkham colts raced by the syndicate. He is a son of Martini Henry and Wheel of Fortune, a brown and grey mare by The Drummer, bred at Tocal, and once raced up north and along the borders with El- lington by Harry Fuller, who still growB eloquent when " The W heel" is alluded, to. Warpaint is un- doubtedly a regular bottler, and some people regard him as the best two-year- old in Payten's stable. 