Parisian Parlance. ,i . . . v; . pabw. Fatenpy ,20. Parisians havo been amiotod with two "blizzards" in snooessiou, and unanimously agreo that thoy disliko that Amerioan institution more than tho M'Kinlay tariff. Tho sudden auo'wstorms, according to somo, recall tho retreat from Mosoow. Thoro ia ono thing they have demonstrated — tho loaa the oity has oxporiencod bv tho death of its ominont engineer, Dictator Alpliaud. Tho soavonging arrangomonts under tho direction of Alex ander s auooosaors buvo proved a failure Thoy fcarod to oxcood tiioir budgets. Aiphaud acted differently. Ho euid : "It woo neccosaary to kcop the streets clear and olean at all eoBts. I Itavo dono so. Tho oxpsuso haa oxcoded tho ordinary grant by so muoh. There iB tho bill. Ploaso oruor its payment." And tho councillors did so. Iu tho present caso ouly tho usaul ocuvongor anny which ia 5,000 etrong and is composed of mon and women was omployed. Tho result was tho stroots were a black sea of mud, nlnsh, and half-frozon snow. It Bottled tho quoation of tho ralativo advantages of wood or stono pavement, lie both disappeared boueath tho lake of mire. However, as Figaro observes at night all cats aro gray. There was no soaroity of cabs, but tho horses could not draw them. It was a veritable Balaclava. Tho administration confesses it was talcon by surprise, as it andiv announoos its anmiug and in odvanco. There was no supply of salt, no organisation of extra dust curtd, and yet tho keoping of tho atroots olesn coats £840,000 a year. What an honour the Popo has paid tho Petit Jewnnl, whoso daily circulation is nigh on 1,250,000. His Holiness thus desired to reach dirootiy tho raassoa, to bo in touoli with universal suffrage, for the tiny journal has groat woight in Frnnoe, cspcohuly- among tho peasantry. Daring the M'Mahonato, tho marshal's Ministers oxoroisod nil woapons to crush that for them tormonting mosquito shoot, and failod. It was thou politically run by tbo late Einllo do Girardln. There is no reason to doubt tho authenticity of tho papal declaration . It is tho oxprosaion of tho latter-day opinions of his Holiness on the relations which ought to .exist botweon tho church and tho dt Joeto government that universal suffrage has given to Frauoo. The Popo disoountaaanoes tuo ex ploitation of tho olraroh, or rather of religion by any politicians, aud ospoaudly the partisans of French protondare. Ho oounsols conciliation all round as tho boet means of promoting conservatism, and of obtaining redress for praotioal grievances, and gives a fow volvot cape to such of tho Fronoh cardinals and bishops, who desire to bo more papal than tho Popo. Some random shots aro ooouaionaUy fired in Parliament at the now tariff whioh olearly is not popular, and as times roils on will become leas so. 'Hie agricultural interest is already depressed bocaute the now oomroeroial regimo has not devolopBd tho rise in wholesale prices for thoir produce whioh they were led to oxpeot, while oonsumers are deepening iu thoir wrath at the uniform augmentation in the oast of all artioloa retailed. M. Leon Gay has pat the situation in a nutshell: "Permit the ultra - protectionist tariff to produoo all its ovils." Franco has invested to the extent of one-fourth of a milliard francs in extra importations to escape the now customs dues. In tho oourso of four mouthB these specuiation stocks will have boon worked up, then a further increase in priocs may be expected, and also a dimuui- tlon in exports. Tho oommon-sonae Foreign Secretory, M. Ribot has to aecorupUsIi tho negotiation of reciprocal treaties liuutod to tho minimum tariff, with nations that declare in advance the latter to ho too high for them. M. Brnost Renan. lias produoed tho book of the season — PeuiUtt Detachsee, (hey form a land of postscript to his souvenirs of infnnoy and youth, and are a collection of his fugitivo contributions to periodicals. Thoso who are acquainted with the writings of M. Renan will remain content with the perusal of tho masterly profaoo, at onoo painful, amusing, and sad. Some of tho remarks would distress profossing Christians, so will not be. alluded to. " I deny nothing, -I: affirm nothing, I hope." That ia, and haa.been Renon's, not creed, hut philosophy, siuoe he quitted tho Roman Oathoiio students' oollego, for ho never was ordained. Ho feols himself ., now on .the brink of the unknown, bnt admits ho has not ohauged hia views about paradise, purgatory, or hades. Ho laments the little wo know about what we most desire to know, and that it is naelosa invoking truth, which remains deaf and frigid to our solicitations. M. Rennn rooommeudsthe youths of 20 years to bo gay, to amuse themselves, bnt to work, whilo remembering Bcclesiustes — " that whioh has been, is that whioh will be." If they see nothing in raetuphysioa, lot thein tako up the physical soiencea, where nothing is ever loat. If m u 1,000 yours thii supply of coal be run oat, soionoo ivill find a substitute, and oven the means to inoreaso the sum of diminished virtue. Only two institutions havo survived tho fall of respeot — tho' ohnreh and tho army, yot if the sentimont of religion disappeared from the world, an immenso ' moral and intellectual lowering would follow. "Had I to live my life over again," remarks Ronan, " I would not oh'nngd' its linos to any extent," and with respeot to tho future, " I have not the slightest dread." When ho' deports he expects to be honoured by the oliurahes, as thoy will not fail to repeat the various legends respecting him, suah as - reooivlng' £40,000 from Baron do Rothschild and alike sum from Napoleon III. for writing the " Lifo of Jesus " It is only fair to add that Napoleon dismissed him' from his profossorahip in tbo Oolloge of Franoa for his impiety, and that one of tho earliest aots of tho Third Ropiiblib was to restore him to his ohoir, and later on to promote him to beReotor of tho University of Frauoo, a post of £800 he at prosent fills. Renon's pleasantries about a future stato are in very hod taste, unworthy of Ills eradlte standing, and culoulutod to gratuit ously irifliot pain, whilo uot being in tho slightest degree qoaessary for his thosos. Ho admits that ho was brought up on tho knees of women anil priests, ,and that three-fourths of his temperament is feminine. This wiU explain why ho bos in -his nature both tho disdain of the ohnruhinan aud of tho woman, and at tho Bame timo why )ie wlWds it so awkwardly. Love Renan maintains to be eteriud aa religion, aud is the best evidence of God, whilo being the ohord whioh unites us with nature and beep's u in true communion with the infinite. Brillat Savarin-held that tho discoverer of a now diah was a beuofaotor of humanity. Octopus soup ia not generally known boyond the ooaat of Marseilles, yot it is said to be a dainty dish to set before n king. First oatoh Sour octopus, but do not lot it oatch yon, as, 1 it dooa not produoo all the terrors that Hugo describes, it stings smartly. Having removed the beak, tho oyes, aud the larger tontaoles, out it up iu small j unks. Then brown tlio pieces In oil over a slow fire along with onions1 and tomatoes ; add water, and rioo to suit taste ; oook for half an hour ; and servo piping hot. A liquour composed with cognac and onoalyptus follows tho dish. Tho families, of .Messrs. Floquet and Jules Ferry nro in mourning, owing to tho anioido of M.. Keetner, thoir unolo, aged 87. The latter . merits a jmBsing notioe, aa fio was tho grand- sonof the Dharlotte that Gootho bus immortalised in. his "Sorrows of Wcrther," By ft out-ions ooinoldenoo M Kastnor destroyed himsolf tho samo day that Goethe's story was brought out at Vienna as an opera, " Werthor, with unalloyed succosa. Tho music is by Mossonet, who, like roodorn Fronoh composers, )iod to aook in foreign oountrics an ontcrprisiug' manager to mount his works. It is thus that Genova has just brought out M. Laoombo's iyricat drama, " Winkolriod," also a suoooss. . The Academy of Modicino is not oxaotiy a body givon to rash aesortiona or to prnotfoul joking, yot whon Dr. Foul announoos with a Molloro professional gravity, that ho has worked a Pool of Bcthosds miracle by injecting into tho cellular tissue beneath tho human skin, an emulsion of slioop'H brains, ono is amazed. Not only, ho asserts, does his. trcntmont enuhlc tho paralysed to take up thoir bod and walk, but tho nervous aro cured of thoir norvousnoss, and tho dobilitatod and oxhausted restored to pristine strength. , Micro is no businoas to bo dono in ghosts it seems. Tlio fate of tlio two phantoms at Rouon has had its roporoussiou ut Puris, whore two haunted houses, havo suddonly ceased to bo haunted. At Rouca, a baker watohod the midnight apparitions that pulled the tiles off his reof and dashed them into the street. He posted a notioe on tho chimneys that all trespassers on his roof would bo shot. ;Two figures in white pat ih an appearanao. The baker blazed at thorn, and they vanished through, a oookloft window, where tho noighponra captured them on the staircase, bolting for their kneading troughs. Thoy wore simply two of tho bnkor'e men, who do- sirod to take a riso ont of their omployor. In any oaeo firearms ore tlio host antiaoto against phantoms. The Vlonnoso claim to have comparatively esauped tho influenza during this as well as formor years, by indulging in dancing and patronising "beggars' balls." Tho latter only resomblo the upper crust of vagranoy by tho "quality" coming dressed in worn- out gar ments — in tho filthy rags of unrightoouoness. Tho prorcntivo ouro docs not oost much, and would holp tho old olo' trade whioh is not brisk, though Eamond Drumout maintains tho tribas of Israel raonqpoliae all tho woalth and all tho remunerative buoinoaa of IVonco. Tlio Duolioes d'Uaos, having eown hor EoUtical wild oate — presenting u (moral Bou- tngcr with a olioquo for £120,000— dorotea more than ovor hor time to hor agricultural oolony for orphans. Having loarnod that thoro was monoy to bo laado in tho production uf headier brooms, sho visited a family ongaged in that work and took loosono. Noxt sho corn- innnioated hor professional knovrledgo to tho inmatoe of her orphanago. Tho egg trado ia a very important branoh of industry in Frnnoe. It is about receiving a fresh development. Tho ownors of nnt-hilla, tho latter peculiar to forests, havo only to open thom at tho ond of spring and remove tho eggs, when gamokoopers will pnrchoso this favourite food of young phoasunts at 6 sous the quart. M. Jogand, wbooe nets de phut is Lao Taxil, sued his publishers for 30,000 francs damages, oomponsution for his rights in clandestinely publishing more oopias of hia books than thoy alleged. Thoy offered him 80,000 frnnca to withdraw the lotion. The court ruled that, while tho publishers were guilty of defrauding Taxil, yet boing a case not ooming within abuse of oonftdonoe as dofined by trio coda, thoy wore acquitted. Loo Taxil' o books were oourrilous attaaks on religion, especially Roman OuthoUciara and tho private lifo of Fio Nono. For some yearn ho has been oouvcrted to tho cliuroh, and haa reooirod absolution from the present pontiff liiuisolf. _ Tho priinnoy of Hungary is, perhaps, tho richest eoalcaiiisUoal offiso in Europe. It would, in magnlfioenoo, power, and wealth, plcaso ervon a Wolscy. A humble Bonedlotino, Mgr. Vaszazy, has boon nominated to tho vacant seo. The inhabitants of Grau, whore his cathedral is situated, wire looking forward as usual, to the sumptuous reception to be given to the now priumto. One owning recently stdnnk a rencrabio priest drove to tho epinoopa.1 palooe in a cab All hie baggage oonmsted of a oago with a pet canary that hooarriod onhisknocs. He rnngthe gnto hell ond stated who he was. Later hosnm- tnouod his chamberlain, l-oqnestod him to draw np a programme at fetee surpassing any hitherto given in honour of hie enthrouiaation end to estimate tho oost. When all was done he ordered tho estimated expense to bo divided among the local charities. That's a fin-do-sicole prelate. St. Fotcraburg sooiety has this season taken up tho nrank of drawing-room oonforonoee. To select an cooeutrio subject on whioh to hold forth is all an andienoe desires. One gentleman loaturcr produoed a oerti floats from a medical uonsultotloii, that he was perfectly sotmd iu body and mind. That read he discoursed on tlio phantom world, oq the destitution of the earth, and tho peregrinations of the doparted from star to etar. M, Ohevalikoff handled the sub ject, "kiss." Kissing ho maintained was merely magnotisra, and love but the anion of two eleotririties. M. du Handray has been experimenting with the phonograph on the barndoors fowl 8 now exhibiting at the agrioultural show, in Champs Elysees ; he has registered all the forms of a oook-a-doodle-dooiou and all the jabber ing rounds of bans and ohiokens. He intends to oo-ordinato the results, and produoo for tho Academy of Science, a sort of gallinaceous grammar. Already ho diaoovers a relation with the Volapuk language. 