NADA THE LILT, By H. RIDER HAGGARD. Copybight, 1891, By BL Rideb Haggabd. (adl bights kkservbd.) CHAPTER II. (Contended.) ' You whelp whom I have bred up to tear me !' be bissed into my ear, ' yon dared to divine where I failed, did yoo? Very well, now I will show yon I serve such puppies. First, I will pierce through the roots of yonr tongue, so that yon cirnnnt. anneal, then T will cnt vnn tn pieces slowly, bit by bit, and in the morning I will tell the people that the spirits did it because yon lied. Next, I will take off yonr arms and legs. Yes. yes, I will make yon like a stick ! Then I will' And he began driving in the knife under my chin. 'Mercy, my ancle,' I said, for I was frightened and the knife hart. ' Have mercy, and I will do whatever yon will !' ' Will yon do tbis ?' he asked, still pricking me with the knife. ' Will yon get up, go find the dog's cattle and drive them to a certain place, and hide them there ¥ and he named a secret valley that was known to very few. ' If yon do that, I will spare yon and give you three of the cows. ' If yon refuse or play me false, then, by my father's spirit I will find a way to kill yon ! ' Certainly I will do it, my uncle,' I answered. ' Why did yon not trast me before ? Had I known that you wanted t-> keep the cattle, I wonld never have smelt them out. I only did so fearing lest yon should lose the presents.' ' You are not so wicked as I thought,' he growled. ' Get np, then, and do my bidding. Yon can be back here two hours after dawn.' So I got np, thinking all the while if I shonld try to spring on him. Bat I was without arms, and he had the knife ; also, if, perchance, t had prevailed and killed him, it would have been thought that I had murdered him, and I shonld have tasted tbe assegai. So I made another plan. I would go and find the cattle in the valley where I had smelt them oat, but I would not bring them to the secret hiding-place. No ; I wonld drive them straight to the kraal, and denounce Noma before the chief, my father, and all the people. But I was young io those days, and did not know all the heart of Noma. He had not been a witch-doctor till he grew old for nothing. Oh ! be was evil! — he was canning as a jackal, and fierce as a wolf. He had planted me by him' like a tree, bnt he meant to keep me clipped like abnsh. Now I.had grown tall and over shadowed film, and there fore be wonld root me np. . I went to the corner of my hut, Noma watching me all the while, and took a fcerrie and a small shield. Then J started through the moonlight, . Till I was past the kraal I glided along quietly as a shadow. After that, I began to ran, ringing to myself as I went, to frightea away the ghosts, my father. For an hoar I travelled swiftly over the plain, till I came to the hillside where the hash began. Here it was very dark nnder the shade of the trees, and I sang loader than ever. At last I found the little bnffalo path I sought, and turned along it. Presently I came to an open place, where the moonlight crept in between the ' trees. I knelt down and looked. Yes ! my snake had not lied to me; there was the spoor of the cattle. Then I went on- gladly till I reached a dell through which the water ran softly, sometimes whispering and sometimes talking ont load. Here the trail of tbe cattle was broad : they had broken down the ferns with their feet and trampled the grass flat. Pre sently I came to a pool. I knew it — it was the pool -my snake had shown me. -And there at the edge of the pool floated the drowned ox, its foot caught in a forked root. All was just as I had seen it. I stepped forward and looked ronnd. My eye caught something ; it was the faint grey light of the dawn glinting on the cattle's horns. As I looked, one of them snorted, .rose and ehook the dew ' from his hide. He looked big as an : elephant in tbe miet an twilight. Then I collected them all— there "were seventeen — and drove them before me down the narrow path, back towards the kraal. Now the daylight came quickly, and the snn had been np an hour when I reached tile SDOt where 1 shonld turn if I wished to jhide the cattle in the secret place, as Noma 'had bld me. Bnt this I wioald Pot do. No, T would go on to the frirahl with them, and tell all xnen that Noma wae a thief. Still, I sat downandreifted awbile, for I was tired. As I sat, I heard a noise, and looked np. There, over tiie slope, -of the ru-parae a crowd pf men, and iq»ding':them %M»Noms,: Mid by his |de thaifrln AWned the cat#.®' wonder but jpratiSS8£ii£ijy%an towards me shont- ing and waving sticks and spears. - - \- .There" . he" 1 is !' ; .screamed ; Noma. : ttqipht#.Jrrtecleyer3toywnom" I fraye brajagtfb jnp p> frnrijg op pie. Wiutrildl teU yon! Did I not teU 'yon that he was a thief ? Yes, yes !' I know yonr tricks, Mopo, my child ! See ! he is stealing the cattle ? He knew -where they were all the time, and now he Ib taking them away to hide them. They wonld be useful to bay a wife with, wonld they not, my clever boy?' And he made a rush at me, with bis stick lifted, and after him came the headman, granting with rage. I understood, my father. My heart went mad in me, everything began to swim ronnd, a red cloth seemed to lift itself np and down before my eyes. I have always seen 'it thus when I was forced to flght. . I screamed ont one word only, 'Liar ' and rasbed to meet him. On came Noma. He struck at ,me with his kerrie, bat I caught the blow DDon mv littlesbield, and hit back. Wow! I did fait J The skull of Noma, met my kerrie, and down he fell dead at my feet. I yelled again, and rushed on at the headman. He threw an assegai, bnt it missed me, and next second I hit him ton. He got od bis shield, but I knocked it down upon his head, and over he rolled senseless. Whether be lived or died I kuow uot, my father ; bnt bis bead being of the thickest, I think it likely that he lived. Then, while the people stood astonished, I turned and ran like the wind. They turned too, and ran after me, throwing spears at me and trying to cut me off But none of them conld catch me — no, not one. I went like the wind ; I went like a buck when the dogs wake it from sleep ; and presently the sound of their chase grew fainter and faioter, till at last I was out oE sight and alone. CHAPTER IU. mopo ventures bohr. I threw myself down upon the grass aod panted till my strength came back ; then 1 went and hid in a natch of reeds down by a swamp. All day long I lay there thinking. What was I to do ? Now I was a jackal without a hole. If I went back to my people, certainly they would kill me, whom they thought a thief. My blood wonld be given for Noma's, and that I did not wish, thongb my heart was sad. Then there came into my mind the thought of Chaka,the boy to whom I had given the enp of water long ago. I had heard of' him : his name was known in the land ; al ready the air was big with it. The words he had said and the vision chat my mother had seen were beginning to come true. By the help of the Umtet- ! was, he had taken the place of his father Senzangacona ; be had driven ont tbe tribe of the Amaquabe ; now he bad made war on Zweete, chief of tbe Endwande, and the Endwande he had sworn he wonld stamp flat, so that no body conld find them any more. Now I remembered how this Chaka promised that he wonld make me great, and that" I should grow fat in his shadow ; and I thought in myself that I wonld arise' and go to him. Perhaps he would kill me: well, what did it matter? r Cer tainly I Bhould be killed if I stayed here. Yep, I wonld go. Bnt now my heart palled another way. There was bnt one thing'that I loved in the world — it was my sister Baleka. My father had betrothed her to tbe chief of a neigh bouring tribe, bnt I knew that tbis marriage was against her wish. Perhaps my sister wonld run away with me if I conld get near her to tell her that I was going. I wonld try — yes, I would try. I waited till the darkness came down, then I rose from my bed of weeds and crept like a jackal towards the kraaL In the mealie gardens I 'stopped awhile, for I was very hungry, and filled my self with the half-ripe mealies. Then I went oo till I came to the kraal. Some of my people were seated outside of a bnt, talking together over a fire. I crept near, silently as a snake, and hid behind a little bnsh. I knew that they conld not see me outside the ring of the firelight, and I wanted to hear what they said. As I thought, they were talking of me and called me many names. They said that I shonld bring ill-Inch on the tribe by having killed so great a witchdoctor as Noma, also that the people .of this headman wonld demand payment for the assault on him. I learned, moree'ver, that my father had ordered all the men of the tribe out to hunt for me on tbe morrow aDd to kill me wherever they fonnd me. ' Ah !' I thought, ' yon may hnnt, bat you will bring nothing home to the pot.' Jtist then a dog that was lying by the fire got np and began to sniff the air. I conld not see what dog it was— indeed, I had forgotton all abont the dogs when I drew near the kraal ; that iB what comes of want of experience, my father. The dog sniffed and sniffed, then be began to growl, looking always my way, and I grew afraid. What is the dog growling at ?' said one man to another. ' Go and see.' But the other man was taking snaff and did not like to move. ' Let the dug go and see for himself,' be answered, sneezing, ' What is the good of keeping a dog if von have to catch the thief ? ' Go on. tiien,' said the first man to the dog. and he ran forward, barking. Then I saw him : it was my own dog, KLooS, a very good dog. Presently, as I lay not know ing what to. do, he smelt my smell, stopped barking, and rnnning round the bnrii he found me and began to lick my face. ' Be qniet, : Koos !' I whispered to him, and he lay down by my side. 'Where has that dog gone now f said tne first man. ' Is he bewitched, that he stops barking Bnddenly and (SOBS Hot flofflo book i' ' Wo .will see,' said the other, ' rising, a spear in his hand. - - Now, once more I was terribly afraid, for I thought that they wonld catch me, or I must run for my life again. Bat as I sprang np to ran, a big black soake glided between the men and went off towards the hats. They jumped aside in a great -fright, then all turned to follow the snake, saying that -this was what the dog was barking at. That was my good Ehlosd, my father, which withont any donbt took the shape of a snake to save my life. ; . When they had gone I crept off the other way, and Koos followed me. At first I thought that I wonld Mil ' him, lest he shonld betray me ; bnt when I called him to tne to jmobk him on the head with gny kerrie, he sat dowp on the ground -and- wagged his foil, and stemhdtosmiliB ihmyfece,an9 I conld not do.it. 1 So lihonght that j would bike, my chance, and' -we -want oh together. Thie wee my . piaipqse r firat- "ta creep Into my ownhtor-.mid -.get toy assegais and a skin blanket then to gain speech with B»leka. My bnt, I thought, would, be ' empty, for nobody slept there except myself, and the hots of Noma were some paices away to tbe right. I came to the reed fence that surrounded the bate. Nobody was to be seen at the gate, which was not shnt with thorns as nsnaL That was my dnty, and I had not been there to do it. So, bidding tbe dog lie down outside, I . stepped through boldly, came to the door of my hat, and listened. It was empty ; there was not even a breath to be heard. So I crept in and began to search for my assegais, my water-gourd, and my wood pillow, which was so nicely carved that £ did not like to leave it. Soon I fonnd tbem. Then I felt about for mv ekin roe. and as I did so my band touched something cold. I started, an felt again. It was a man's face — the face of a dead man, of Noma, wbom I bad killed and who had been laid in my hut; to await burial. Oh ! then I was frightened, for Noma dead Bnd in the dark was worse than Noma alive. I made . ready to fly,' when suddenly I beard the voices of women talking ontride the door of the hnt. I knew the voices; they were those of Noma's two wives, aod one of them eaid that she was coming in to watch by her husband's body. Now I was in a trap indeed, for before I conld do anything £ saw the light go out of the bole in tbe hot, and knew by tbe sound of a fat woman puffing as she pent - herself up that Noma's first wife was coming, through it. Presently -she was in, and, squatting herself fay the side of the corpse in snch a fashion that I could not get to tbe door, began to make lamentations and to call down -curses on me. Ah ! she did not know that I was listening. I too Bquatted by Noma's head, and grew quick-witted in my fear. Now that the woman was there I was not so much afraid of tbe dead man, and I remembered, too, that he bad been a great cheat ; so I thought I would make him cheat for the last time. I placed my hands beneath his shoulders and poshed him up so that he sat upon the -ground. The woman heard the noise, and made a sound in her throat. ' Will you not he quiet, you old hag ?' I said in Noma's voice. 1 Can yon Dot let me be at peace, even now when I am dead f She heard, and, falliog backwards in fear, drew in her breath to shriek alond. ' What ! will you also dare to shriek ¥ I said again tn Noma's voice ; then I mo't teach yon silence.' And I tumbled him over ou top of her. Then her seneee left her, and whether she ever found them again I do not know. At least she grew qniet for that time. For me, I snatched np the -rug — Afterwards I found it was Noma's best kaross, made by Basutos of chosen cat-skins,, ana worth five oxen — and I fled," followed by Koos. Now, the kraal of the chief, my father, Makedaqt, was two hundred paces away, and there I mast go, for there Baleka slept. Also I dared not enter by the gate, because a man was always on guard there. So I cut my way through the reed fence with my assegai and crept to the hut where Baleka was with some of her step-sisters. I knew what side of the hut it was her custom to lie, and where her head wonld be. So I lay dowo on my side and gently, very gently, began to bore a bole in the grass covering of the hut. It took a long while, for the thatch was thick, but at last I was nearly through it. Then I stopped, for it came Into my mind that Btieka might have changed her place and that I should wake tbe wrong gir!. Almost I gave it over, thinking that I would fly alone, when suddenly I heard a girl wake and begin to cry on the other ride of the thatcb. ' Ah,' I thought. ' that is Baleka, who weeps for her brother 1' So I put my lips where tbe thatch was thinnest and whispered — "' Baleka, my sister ! Baleka, do not weep ! I, Mopo, am here. Say not a word, but rise. Come out of the hnt, bringing your ekin blanket.' Now, Baleka was very clever : she 1 did not shriek, as most girls would have done. No ; she understood, and, after waiting awhile, Bhe rose and crept from the but, ber blanket in her hand. ' Why are you here ?' she whispered, as we met. 'Barely you will be killed !' ' Hash !' I said, and then I told ber of tbe plan which I had made. ' Will yon come with me ? I said, wbeo I had done, ' or will you creep back into the hut and bid me farewell !' She thought a while, then she said, 'No, my brother, I trill come, for I love you alone among our people, though I believe that this will be the eud of it — that you will lead me to my death.' I did not think much of her words at the time, but afterwards they came back to me. So we slipped away to gether, followed by the dog Koos, and soon we were running over tbe veldt with our faces set towards the country of the Zulu tribe. CHAPTER IV. the flight of mopo and baleka. All the rest of tbe night we journeyed, till even tbe dog was tired. Then we hid in a mealie-field for the day, as we were, afraid of being seen. Towards the afternoon we heard voices, and,look- lng through the stems of the mealieB, we sawa party of my father's men pass searching for as. Thsy went on into a neighbouring kraal to ask if we had been seen, aod after that we saw them no more for a while. A t nioht. we travelled again ; bat, as fate would bave it, we were met by an old woman, who looked oddly at as bnt said nothing. After that we poshed on day and night, for we knew that "the old woman wonld tell tbe pursuers if she met them ; and so indeed it came abont. On the third evening we reached some mealie gardens, and saw that they had been trampled down. Among the broken mealies ; we fonnd the body of a very old man, as full of assegai woonds as a porcupine -with quills. We wondered at this, and went on -a little way. Then we saw that the kraal to which the gardens be longed was bnrnt down. . We crept up to it, and— and it was sad for ns to see ! Afterwards we became need to snoh sights. All abont lay the bodies of dead people, scores -of ' them— old men, young men, women, ' children, little jbajbies at the breast — -there they .lay among -foe 'bnrnt -hats, pierced with assegai -wounds. Red was foe-' earth with their blood, and "red they looked in the .red light of the setting nob. It was as though all the laud had been Bmeared with.the bloody band of the Great Spirit, " of the Umkulnnknln. Baleka saw it aud began to cry: abe was weary, poor girl; and we bad found little to eat, ouly grass and green mealies. ' An enemy has been here,' I said, and as- 1 spoke I thought. that I heard a groan from the other ride of a reed hedge. I went and looked. There lay a young woman : she was cat to pieces, but etill alive, my father. A little way from her lay a man dead, and before him several other men of another tribe : he had died fighting. In front of the woman were the bodies of three children ; another, a little one lay on her body. I looked at the woman; and, OB T Irinlrail alio nmrena/l anoin MnanaJ her eyes and saw me, aud that I had a spear in my hand. ' Kill me quick !' she said. ' Have you not tortured me enough ? I said that I was a stranger and did not want to kill her. ' Then bring me water,' ehe said ; 'there is a spring there behind the kraal.' I called to Bileka to come to the woman, and went with my gourd to the spring. There were bodies in it, but J dragged them out, and when the water had cleared a little I filled the gourd and bronght it to (he woman. She drank deep, and ber strength ctme back a little — the water gave her life. ' How did yon come to this ¥ I asked. ' It was an Itnpi of Chaka, Chief of he Zulus, that slew us,' Bhe answered. 'They burst upon ns at dawn this morning while we were asleep in our huts. Yes, I woke np to hear tbe sound of killing. I was sleeping with my husband, he who lies there, and the children. We all ran out. My husband bad a spear aod shield. He was a brave man. See ! he died bravely : he killed three of the Zalu devils before be him self was deed. Then they caught me, and killed my children, and stabbed me till they thought that I was dead. Afterwards, they went away. I don't know why they came, bnt I think it was because tbe chief would not send men to help Chaka against Zweete.' She stopped, ga7e a great cry, and was dead. My sister wept at tbe sight, and I too was stirred in my heart. ' Ah !' I thought to myself, ' tbe Great Spirit must be evil. If Jie were not evil snch foiogs would uot happen.' That is how I thought then, my father, now I think differently. I know that we had not found ont tbe path of (be Great Spirit, that is all. I was a chicken in those days, my father ; afterwards I got nsed to each sights. They did oot stir me any more, not a bit. Bnt then in the days of Chaka the rivers ran blood — yes, we had to look at the water to see if it was clean before we drank. People learned how to die then and not make a noiec about it What does it matter? They wonldhave been dead now anyway. It doesnot matter! Nothing matters, except being born. That tea mistake, my father. We stopped at the kraal that night, but we c >uld not sleep, for we heard the Itongo, the ghosts of the dead people, moving about and calling each other. It waa natural that they ehoaid do so : men were looking for their wives, aod mothers for their children. But we were afraid that they might be angry with us for being there, so we clang together and trembled in each other's arms. Koos also trembled, and from time to time be bowled loudly. But they did not seem to see us, and towards morning their crieB grew fainter. When the first light came we rose and picked onr way through the dead down to the plain. Now we had an easy road to follow to Coaka's kraal, for there was the spoor of the Impi and of the cattle which they had stolen, and sometimes we came to the body of a warrior who had been killed because his wouuds prevented bim from marching farther. But now I was doubtful whether we would go to Chaka, for after what we bad seen I grew afraid lest he should kill us. Still, we had nowhere to tarn, so I said that we wonld walk along till something hap pened. Now we grew faint with hunger and weariness, and Baleka said that we had better sit down and die, for then there wonld be no more trouble. So we sat down by a spring. But I did not wish to die yet, though Baleka was right, and it would have been well to do so; As we sat; the dog Koos" went to a bush that was near, and presently I heard bim spring at something and the sound of struggling. I ran to the bnsh — he bad caueht hold of a duiker buck, as big as himself, that was asleep in it. Then I drove my spear into the buck and shonted for joy, for here was food. When the back was dead I skinned him, and we took bits of the fleeh, washed them in the water, and ate them, for we had no fire to cook them with. It is not nice to eat uncooked flesh, bnt we were so hungry that we did not mind, and strength came back to us from the food. When we had eaten what we conld, we rote and washed oarselves at the spring ; bnt, as we washed, Baleka looked np and gave a cry of fear. For there, on the crest of the bill, abont ten spear- throws away, were a party of six armed men, and these men people of my own tribe — children of my father Makedama — who still pursued us to take as or slay us.- They saw us— they raised a shout, and began to ran. We too sprang np and ran — ran like a back, for fear had tonched onr feet. Now, the land lay thus. Before ns the ground eras open and doped down to the ' banks of the While Cmfolozi, winch twisted through the plain like -a great ana sntning snake. On foe other side the ground rose again, . and we did not know what was beyond, bnt we tbongbt that io .-this direction lay the krari of Chaka. We ran for the river — where else were we to raut-And after as came foe warriors, They gained on ns ; they were strong, and they were ftttgry because they had come so far. Run as we wonld, still they gained. Now we neared the banks ol the river ; it was fall and . wide. Above , us the waters ran angrily, breaking info swirls of white where foey passed oyer sunken rocka ; below was a rapid, in whichnohe might live ; between the two a deep Ipool, where the water was quiet bnt foe stream strong. , V : ' Ab ! -my brotbriv— gasped Bileka. 'all we do T 4 There ir this to choose, I h. < perish on tbe spears of oar people try the river.' 4 Easier to die by water than oo iron,' she answered. 4 Good V 1 said. 4 Now may oursoakes look towards as aud the spirit of onr fathers be with os ! At the least we can 6wim.' Aud I lead ber to the head of the pool. We threw away our blankets —everything except an assegai, which I held in my teeth — and we plunged in, wading as far as we could. Now we were up to onr breasts ; now we had lost the earth and were swimming to wards the middle of the river, the dog Koos leading the way. Theo it was th«t the soldiers appeared upon the b&uk.; 4 Ah ! little people,' one cried, you BWim, do you? Well, you will drown ; and if you do not drown we koow a ford, and . we will catch yoo and kill you — yes ! if we run over the edge of the world after yoa we will catch you.' And he hurled an assegai after as, which fell between as like a flash of light. (To be continued.) 