A Martial Story. There teas a sound of revelry by night. The month of September will always he deeply engraved on the memory of the inhabitants of Exton. On one . . . - , , eveimig of this memorable month the Extonites had retired to rest, and m the slumbers of imiocencc obliterated the tasks and toils of day. No anxious elieusious or lo forebodinge s J ^ . disturbed their dreams, ^o footstep was heard in the lonely street; every light was extinguished; every eye was dosed" ill sleep. Like a solitary senand obhvion spread her sable pinions like a monstrous mopoke in the moonlight. But-about midnight tranquility was rudelyrousedfrom her roost. A . .„ , succession of terrific sounds, unprecedented for magnitude m the memory of the oldest identity, awoke every sleeper—barring one -deaf man—-in the wildest alarm. 'Then ensued a scene unparalleled in our annals, resembling the coufusiou of tongues at the Tower of Babel. The unparliamentary iinprecarious of the unrighteous, mingled ^ ^ h e a r t e a dw ajld hysterical J . shrieks of women, the screaming of children, and the barking of dogs, Scientific authorities promptly iinputed the nocturnal disturbance to ^ospheric inequihbrium, a volc^c eruption of the Bluff, or an earthquake beyond the adjacent hills; but liotwitstanding the learning aud logic ad- VSince& jn SUpp0rt of these theories, ^ residents, distingashing the sound of musketry and the roar of artillery, refused to be persuaded, clung tenaciously to their conjectures of bushrauging raids, \- , ,, . . ? j , .' seized then-weapons, barricaded their doors, and breathlessly awaited the confirmation of their fears. The cause of the commotion, the solution of the midnight problem, was at last ascertained by the heroic enterprise of the lad who had previously smuggled and smoked his father's ^ ^ ^ a]ir;oua .to M ^ ^ b =an act of ljlic 1 1 •' penetrated to the centre of the toirtiship aud returned with the startling intelligence that the antiquated hotel was beleaguered by the neighborvollalteers. ^ M a contingent ° • . ot tliat kelly gang, organised and equipped by Government, and largely recruited from the Jarrikin element, encam»ed before the 1pub., and thirst . * .. . .. ing for martial renown—it- not for malt and spirituous liquors—began a furious bombardment of the building, firing repeated charges of government blank cartridges, fortunately all they possessed, point blank at the doors ana and windows. Owing to internal treachery they ultimately effected an entrance, aud proceeded forthwith to sack the bar and cellars in accordance with military practices and precedents, The shouts of victory rent the air; the consternation of the public was great; they remembered too well that. " Woe to the vanquished" tracked every victorious invader. "Windows were cautiously upraised, nightcappcd beads were thrust into the moonlight, and nightgowns floated through the rooms like ghosts 011 a ghastly promenade. But the pa?ons of triumph were speedily turned into the wail of de feat. The enemy, having lost their formation iu the heat of conquest and the hope of plunder was successfully assailed in Sank by a white-haired hostler armed with an enormous garden hose which he had attached to the household tank. Unsuspicious of resources of resistance, the surprise of the invaders was complete. A copious stream of water cooled effectually their ardor and drenched them to the skin. They hesitated and wavered. Their officers rushedforward and endeavored to animate their disordered ranks to a charge. The boldest responded to their stirring appeals-. Bayonets were lowered, and shoulder to shoulder they advanced towards their aged assailant, who, nothing daunted, directed his hose on the foremost, and kept up a continuous stream, under which the embers of reviving energy were completely extinguished. The ordeal was too great. They broke and lied in the wildest disorder, saturated and disheartened, pursued by some vigorous dames with clothes props and bass brooms, while the village dogi^liouiided 011 by the excited populace, hung 011 their heels and harassed their retreat. " Ah !"' said old St. G-eorge," the hostler, " Them .coves say tliey can stand iire, but blow me if tliey can stand water. J beaut afraid on 'em; I can wipe 'esn out any day." During the enemy's ignominious flight an opportunity occurred of making prisoners and stripping them of their uniform, but the latter was abandoned out of respect to the Government, and the former intention was not carried out on account of the limited accommodation of our local jj 1 , • _ ii c reception cell; but tins is a matter of regret, as a term of imprisonment would be most advantageous to those aspiring to the art of warfare, as giving them a better knowledge of their profession, and increasing their capability of endurance. Meanwhile the disorganised force made bee lines for home with all possible speed, evading, the principal street of their city, where their sweethearts awaited to crown them with laurels on their return, and great was the indignation when their overthrow was ascertained. They mourned aiid lamented in sackcloth aud ashes, while we sang with joy at deliverance from the hob-nailed hoof of the beer-swilling invader.. But things like this you know must be After a famous victory. 