s T H E R I G H T SORT-' A E0M1AN0E OF THE SHIRES. 'CHAPXEE XIV.—A FBIEXD m NEED. .JIBS. EDWAED KENJfAfU). By time-honoured custom the opening meet ol Sir Beau champ Lenard's hounds was invariably Held at Stapleton. In olden daye, during the Kfc of the late lamented Squire, Stapleton Hall kad been renowned for a generous hospitality. From the peheat to the poorest, people were libtirallf regaled, and nobody waft ever sent empty away from the doors of the moat popular and beat-hearted fellow in the country. Sach was the verdict of the public. Bat, alas ! life is fleeting, and in coarse of time this excellent gentleman was gathered to his forefathers, and his eldest son, Dnberly Staple&on;, i took np the reins of office. The latter cared • little for sport, and, although a staunch preserver of foxes, seldom honoured the county [ luionds with his presence.* • Stapleton Hall was a fine" bid structure, boHtin the Gothic style of - architecture. It stood on an eminence, from which" an extensive view of the .surrounding oountry waa obtainable. In a hollow immediately to' the rear of the house lay a luge piece of ornamental water, on whose. smooth surface a pur flf side, while their white ^lumi^e' Reamed iike snow in the morning sun; - From the left baiA of this lake a well- timbered wood, known 4rir the name of Stapleton Hillside, and intersected by mauy tending paths, rose steeply up, while in front of the residence an unbroken expanse of undulating grass, not unlike the billows of the sea, presented itself to the eye. About three hundred yards beyond the - house a depression in the ground formed a sort of valley, from whose sides sprung a couple of thickly gorged coverta several acres in extent. They were renowned as a veritable 41 I stronghold of foxes, from which the varmint" washardto dislodge; but numerous as theee were in point of numbers, and apparently fine, healthy, well-grown animals, it was a most unusual thing for a homebred Staplet-jn ever to do much more than vacillate between gome and Hillside, until the patience of hounds, hunf.sm.in, and field fairly came to an end. All •hrough the forenoon, directly a move was made, Reynard slunk hither and thither, at | least half-a-dozen being on foot at one time, | and the screeching, hooting, shouting, and ! galloping never ceased for one moment, to the | intense delight of .theswarzns of foot people Trio made the opening meet an excuse for for- ; BsVing their legitimate occupations, and taking i a regular holiday. But when little by little the | crowd began to disperse, and the Stapleton | foxes had once more fully sustained their unj enviable reputation, Dick Slaiit, the huntsman, I by order of Sir Beauchamp, trotted the hounds straightaway off to Haddington Gorse, from which place a worthy yokel had just brought [ the welcome piece of intelligence that a fine eld dog fox had been viewed by himself stealing up the warm and sheltered sides only a few minutes previously. To Stirrup's intense consternation, KingOlai having -during the preceding day given utterance to one or two eminocs-sounding.coughs. Kate at the last minute had found herself obliged to fall back upon Grissette. *••• - - the irritable, refusing to stand still for one single second, anon plnnging her head violently forwards with an impatient jerk which almost dragged the reins out of Kate'e hands, again suddenly tossing it on high, till her face was in imminent danger. The short gallops hitherto indulged in between thegorse and the Hillside, alternating with periods of prolonged inaction, had apparently aronsed the mate's impetuous' temperament to a dangerous point, and Caudered her far from apleasant mount. Added to this, she displayed the still graver fault of lashing out in the gateways, so that having badly ideked an unoffending quadruped that ktd pressed upon her more dosrfy than she deemed advisable, Grisette had quickly gained for herself a disagreeable notoriety, and was pointed out as "that brute" by people who had been eye-witnesses of the transaction. When, therefore, directly hounds went into Haddington Oorse, the welcome "TaHy hd! tally ho-followed :byaa ''prolonged' and^dt lighted screech of "Hark fcarard! . Gone away!" reached her eara, Kate felt file prospect of a scuny, however short, tobea poeitive relief. One thing was certain, Grisette could not possibly bebaro worse, and the chances were in favour of some of her irritability subsiding, otice hounds were fairly under weigh. At the first sounder of :Dick Slant's horn, the field started into sudden vitality, and galloped as usual for the most convenient gate. Alas! it chanced to be securdy bolted, and the work of dismounting and heaving it off its hinges, owing to the extreme impatience of the crowd, proved unusually long, several minutes -of valuable time being tuns unavoidably lost, while people stood by and cursed and swore as theirvery lives depended upon the instantaneous removal ot the unwelcome obstacle. Now immediatdv to the right stretched avery Kg but nevertheless jompable fenoe. It wasabft too big, however, at starting, when jumping still bore the charm of novelty, and practice had not as yt t rendered seats secure anaaerve confident. The huntsman, though, could not afiord such considerations when his hounds were in full cry, so without more than a passing hesitation he charged the fence and got over, followed by a Colonel Clinker on a grey horse, who cleared the whole thing beautifully, and these two thus gained quite a fifty yards' start on the barricade division. Mounted on Ok! or the Duckling, for either of them inspired her with courage, Kate would have dearly liked to followsuiVbut it appeared decidedly rash to attempt doing so on an untried ammal. who so far had certainly not sucoeeded lnmaiing E very favourable impression on her distress. There are occasions, however, when Uu actions are determined without voluntary effort, and this was one—at least so far as Kate concerned—for while die was standing a litfle outside the crowa, fearful of unsette a heels inflicting further injury, and •acting for the gate to be removed, the mare Ucktne bit between her teeth-and nulling uke a demon, in a set resolute fashion whichde- Kfdany attempt at resistanoe; charged full tilt "the fence before Kate fairly realised what she r*> about Finding herself absolutely power-, •La control the animal's movements, she' •J"»y desisted in her endeavours to do so/and hereby probshly saved herself a fall. She sat perfectly stOI, gave Grisette her head, and the next minutewith a crash and a smash which Wooded deddelv alarming in the ears of a' jiOTice, and which sent the topmogttwigsfiymg J? erery direction, the mare landed far mto *he next field. The noise ol breaking brandies Coted Clinker to turn round in liis Mdta, and, when ha pereeived the gid, to cry Oat Bravo!" approvmgly. But seeing Kate lately over, and no harm done, be did not ™uuiah his speed, for now tha hounds were S L ™ ^ . " 1 their front across big gran fututes, pointing as if for Stomow, - m. ttackly ^dishes grew long andyritto^dingttgto the horses*lees, reachi^rilmost^to «or hocks, and rendering it extremely difficult WavDid^dl cut drams which intersected' aao, and rtieh made riding fast a work of ^derable danger, especially with anuiimal abwlntely in hand; but tUpace was too P«t to allow of hesitation. It really began m ^^ were in for a good Uung^and ^iroreutrng Grisette from running away . She wa. in that^^St poS rttrT flen . t he consciousness of otter weakness, 'to? "ffS" ^to foroe . presentsitsdf toth* sfer,ti.i f t ? e . mM8 «nade the slightest false s£t& ttlgttbre8ktteir neckstogetber lor retained of prerenting any, wttolamity. Stfllthesituatinwasdeo^edly Ha,™"™* sharp detour to the ngnt, J^hcwnptotely upset^the oalculationsofthe EomI-j ^^ by this manoeurre ware ^S* 1 ? ti"®"" out, so Oat node but the imftfflowm wen left Si attendimw.on, , Meanwhile Griaetfe. was, S^if^-pown peony. Her «rsu ached pmthesSdwts - - - .J^ttanall.atremulous, ?M mare's head straight TT 8 Grisetta ' e faults were many, as Kate had not been long in discovering; hut the nSSJiS'^tt^^L^I'SS. in the catagory of her shortcomings, no'Jje of a fence seemed to add to her natural unpetuosity,-and though unpleasantly chary of height, width presented no obstruction whatever. There was not much fear of her leaving her bind legs floundering in the ditch, 'so that after a bit, finding she got over somehow, even though not quite so cleanly as she ™ inthejhabit of doing, Kate grew tolerably accustomed to • the mare's peculiar style of jumping, and became almpet reconciled to the recurring sound of the breaking twig's as they flew before Grisette's forelegs like arrows shot from a bow. Her blood by this time was in a glppr, fear had lost its restraining influence, caution had fled to the winds; her one idea, her one thought, was to keep near to that good grey at any hazard.. Bather-- than . lose yard,' she felt prepared to smashly bone in her body. The pace ait ich they were goingintoxicated her. Those who hunt themselves, laving doubtless often realised the .sensation, will recall times when they have ridden their very best under similar circumstances,-and w31 sympathise with what less adventurous Bjarite might term this daredevil, foolhardy mood of the girl's.. Colonel Clinker, on - Snowflake, once become conscious that KateBrewser was following close «n the course of the inn jUd shouted to :: hei"*X •oofite fart wllow, M^eiB'^a^g^^R^^iJ 1 be pennvad that m spite or Kate's courage and' -good horsemanship, Grisette had completely, overpowered her mistress, and was far from being a safe conveyance. But there was little time for reflection. Since they hadleftStomow, the hounds bad-never faltered for asecond, but flown along with si breast-high scent. Very few were with them. Dick Slant, the huntsman, and Colonel Clinker cut out the work, the latter with Kate in attendance, and behind them not more than a dozen horsemen,' each riding his hardest, with eyes eagerly bent on the racing pack, that, in a compact body, streamed on, on, on, without a straggler or laggard among the number, in stern and tumble silence. The yokel had been right When he testified to Maddingtou Gorse holding ^a good old dog- fox, who had brought them along in a style not often seen, even in the crack hunting county of Great Britain. But now Fug seemed to change his point, and again "bore away to the right. The pace began to tell upon him, as well as upon the horses, and he sought a convenient refuge, leaving the sound and springy turf which hitherto he had closely adhered to, and gnnbing for the difficult country aU round about Shipper ton. 3 village conspicuous by a solitary windmill standing on -a bis round hill, which formed a landmark to the surrounding neighbourhood- The-fences here nr_ "man traps," guarded -on one or .either side by stiff woodeu rails, commonly called " oxers." Two ploughed fields, heavy and binding, now lay in front of the pursuers, the first of them being separated from the arable land by a tall aad uncommonly hairy bullfinch. Dick Slant pulled his clever hunter up to a trot, and after eome persuasion, and jobbing in the mouth, managed to bore a way through, and then pop off the bank over the ditch on the far side, and the well-trained Snowflake did likewise. It was eminently a' a place where a good steady horse showed'to advantage, but it was useless asking Grisette to go slowly or to double. She rushed at the bullfinch in her usual wild wild manner. The reins were torn out of Kate's hands, and she herself nearly dragged off backwards. Nevertheless, she got over safely, though in rather a sorry plight. Her hat was battered in, and a sharp thorn had caught her face, and scratched it to such an extent that the blood flowed freely. 4 4 The brute!" said Colonel Clinker indignantly, as he saw the red drops making their slow way down her disfigured cheek. "Why on earth does she want to go a thousand -miles an hour at everything she comes across 1" - "That's just : what! can't tell you," n gasped Kate, applying her pocket-handkerchief to the injured part. All 1 know is, it's exceedingly unpleasant." But they had no time for further talk, for the hounds,' thoughrunning-rathermoreslowly, were stall advancing steadily over the atidky - day fallows. Kow there -are jcertain. Worses wfeo-csiLJiot get Along at alliigtiieavj^ret: eoil. Even animals that are vefj decent atayetr. on the top > of the ground ^Hapflp altogether whea their hoofs sink fetlock-deep in the soft earth.. Directly they entered the plough, Grisette began to labour and falter in her' stride. She stretched her head forwards, the white foam lathered the reins like floap-suds, while the mare's mane bung damp and straight in steaming wisps upon her dripping neck. She had clearly shot her bolt, and nowdroj heavy on the hand, although she ceased pi and snatching at the bridle. As they cr the second of the two ploughed 'fields she 'sub' sided from a gallop to a canter, from a canter to a feeble lurching trot. Still it would never do to stop with the pack now well -ahead,and Kate determined to struggle on to the end, eouie qui ccute. She was by no -means insensible to the danger of - riding a beaten animal, only she could not bring ierself to cease following the hounds when up till now she had held so good a place and entertained such a pleasant consciousness of having gone really welL Nevertheless, what but a few short minutes ago, in spite of Grisette's little eccentricities, had appeared to her the summit of. human enjoyment, gradually assumed a painful and alarming nature. She began to speculate on the probable duration of the run, and devoutly wished for its prompt termination, or at least a prolonged and highty welcome check. If something did not happen, and that soon, she .would be forced nolens voletu to give in, for to feel that wretched Grisette sobbing and labouring under her, to sea the limp neck and distended nostril, to hear the catching breath and palpitating heart, going like a sledge-hammer, to watch the convulsive jerkings of the quivering tail, and the spasmodic beavings of the panting' flank, had become both pitiful and vexatious in the middle of a good run. Fortunately there was grass once more ahead, and only a small straggly fence intervening between it and the plough. With a faltering leap, followed by a. real bad peck and a desperate struggle to regain her footing, Grisette got over ft, bearing away on her moist brow the marks of mother earth. '"That was^a near thing,'" thought Sate. However, a miss is.as good as a mile, acoording to the old saying." Her spirit rose within her incite of this mishap, for she hoped that the* light going, added to some judicious nursing Dn her part, might suoceed in pulling: the -mare after alL .But these hopes were destined to of very,short duration, for to her dismay about; a couple of hundred yards off .loomed ad: tmmftnem ghiliyjina- ftmrna ftjifm, liaigiytrimmnfl, with a binder running all along the top as thick as a man's arm, sund apparently ten thousand times more nnyielding—an obstacle, even on the fittest and freshest of 'horsies, entitled to great respect. Colonel -Clinker, when he saw itin the distance, took a pull at Snowflake and /waited for Kate to come up' almost alangni^e. -' „ ''farbeave&'esskB^iie eaid-iu^yoioei^un of anxiety,." talo^uscwtiat Jabopt h ^our man -s I'dorft 'iaifr jBke "I c»n> possibly .ehbw the aw," esme the answer between her set teeth. "Atall evaita,"he laid,"let me go first. There's just a chance of Snowflake's. carrying away IJte binder, or making aliole somewhere.' Put the man steadily at the fence and teepber welL in band, lor aba's boulul to scramble taribly." " Bnt the gallant Snowflake for once faOMto itisfybis master's aerations. -He oolle^ted _ims^foraneffortKidaewthBgbrtacleli|3ea bira,Jwit]i at least a foot to span. ' Thererwas little fearof Air Twinging tophmden away.' - So. t,bowevBr, was Colobet dinkerfa iiuh bspullsd tiimlaok almost 'to a sfairtHiWI, ~iii«Bder that he tadgbt watch 4iow "Kate Jaied. Crging the mare on by iieei and voioe; <the-]girl rode bravely at the fenoe; but even before Grisette took off she imewJCor iiertain they were bound to come to grieL • Tpnp'*3is noanswjving response to hercaU.no elasticity of ~—*- " —'— of sririV* notbSng ' ctano * ' ' AbidrriBecrash; a of tbainire rolling over -her body, followed ; by Reelingof abJskvycniUunga ' ^jto the ground, ''wen Kate's .-Ikrjtoobeatto attemptxisiiigtromthe' •idiere aha hsdifsBen.priaette laidmn^ 'oiiii*" wouUbe useless attsmptii^^ ifcsy ^Sa'a •ed to be to get the mare J on her legs as quickly and as quietly as posj run, aide. there JThe was risk might no help be for great, it. but "The. jt must brute be will struggle," he said. " However, ft's a case of kill or cure, and we can only act for the best. Delay can do no good." Kate in her dangerous position heard the words. " Yon are right," she said, looking at him with a faint smile. "Delay can do no good, and I promise to keep aastUl as a mouse." The relief of hnanng her speak these few words and of knowing ehexetauwd^ her- sensesiras so-immense thatit lightened half the load or oTcare weighing weishin? on Jack Clinker's OlinV-Br'o >>»•> heart. rf ' That's right," he said -more cheerily. TruBt to us, and all will come well yet. We shan't let any harm happen to you'if tae cua help it." \- She .txied to answer, but her face paled-suddenly, as. just then Grisette gave a fresh struggle, ana the iron hoofs miasea her bead by the eighth of an inch. ' "Bless the girl!" 'said Colonel Clinker• to himself," what a good plucked 'un ehe is, to befurel She has never screamed once, air. though I.fear she; must be ire groat pain.".- And he was right, though die would have scorned any jjutward expression ci the fact, for her breath came bard -and slow, ."and a sickly" sensation was stealing overler. To be so nev asuddeiiand awful death,' to rejBfie' ati '^' terrdrs'ip thafSrrt.-sWift, ov^jt^rering ' ^dse.<bf T>hvBiial ^ear "and hnTnatT-ipiiftW !«>mmonto mankind^ was an experience not djghtly to be encountered even by the bravest. 1 Kate did; not call out or fsint.but inthoaeiew moments when she lay wider Grisette she lived a lifetime. Suffering, retrospection, memory, hopes and doubts were all condensed in that brief period. Like in a mirror, the actions of ter girlhood presented themselves to heir mind —her dear dead uncle, the old home, Herbert, Maggie, Mary Whitbread, and a host of confused thoughts. .How was it that the life she had often professed to disdain appeared so sweet at the first prospect of losing it ? Why di^she suddenly cling to it with such a strange tenacity, whenonegoodblowofGrisette'shoofs could 60 easflyput an end to earthly struggles? She could not have told, or given herself any satisfactory reason for this change of feeling which at twenty-two- was only thoroughly natural, being but the strong vitality of youth rebelling against possible death. meantime several people flocked round the spot where disaster had taken place, for bad as human nature is represented, there are always a certain number of folks ready if an accident occurs, even when hounds are running hard, to - give up their own -immediate eujovment and I come to the assistance of their Icsb" fortunate fellow-creature. Perhaps the consciousness "that one good turn deserves another, and that their own time may be near at hand, has something to do -with the trulv Samaritan spirit which unquestionably exhibits itself in the hunting-field. A man who will jump -on you almost as soon as look at you will nevertheless, often give up a good run in case of an emer- gency arising. Colonel Clinker, aided by several kindly volunteers, now seized Grizstte by tne head and flank, and with ali his force attempted to raise her from the ground. Twice she made a sort of half effort, and twice, her - legs seeming to slip from under her, she rolled back on the girl; but at the third essay, and after a short though desperate scramble, during which Colonel Clinker held up Grisette's neck with an iron grasp, she managed once more to regain her footing, and stood on all fours, snorting and nhnkinglike an aspen- leaf, Knt< * fectly still, for the two last rolls had her sorely. " Axe you terribly hurt ?" asked Jack Clinker fearfully, bending over the prostrate form. "Dear me! she is insensible!" he added in alarm, when no immediate answer was forthcoming. \- His wordsand anxious perturbed face braced Kate to lreah effort. . "-No, I'm not." she answered bravely, though her lips quivered as she spoke. "At least," correcting herself, for she had never' feltas she did now, and was not very sure what might happen next, "atleast, not quite. I shall be better in.a little, I dare say." . "-Ah.the.bmte rolled right over you several times. However, I hope you will fed more like yourself in a few minutes. You've bad an' • ;;yFh&fa;, * die : r*pliedr- " You're all- ^ kind to ina, and I bate myself for making siic£ : an absurd fuss, but I tbinV I shall do nowi" - She tiled to raise herself upon her elbow as die spoke, but the .movement fawiiwd each discomfort she was glad to desist from the effort. " Give her a drop of brandy," -suggested one. Undo her habit," said a second. " Loosen -her collar," advisod a third. " Cut her stayace," hazarded a fourth. "Stand her up," exclaimed a fifth ignorant bnt well-intentioned onlooker. " Do nothing of the sort, gentlemen," said Colonel Clinker, decidedly.." Let the lady have plenty of air, and don't all crowd round her together. She wants to be left quite stOI for a bit, and allowed to -remain where she is' a few minutee until die oomes round. In fact," be . added, with a keener insight into Kate's probable wishes than was potsessed bv the rest of. the assembled company, " I really hardly know if.it is neoessary to detain you any longer. It's a pity for you all to lose your sport, and I will remain with the young lady ifeel sure she would you lost no more time." . "Oh, yes!" interrupted Kate, "it makes me quite unhappy that so many people should have their f ua spoilt on my account. Please go.*' Thus admonished, one by one the little crowd dispersed, until Jack Clinker, was the sole member of it left. "I wish you'd go too," said she, directly they foond themselves alone, with a remnant of her old pride. - " I've .been quite bother enough as it is, and I daresay Stirrup will appear before very long. I don't the least mind being left alone, and I can't bear the idea of your not seeing the finish of so goodarnn." . ". Hounds ue miles away by this time," he answered indifferently, and though I admit it wm a good run. It is by no means the first, and, please God, by na means the last I shall take part in. So don?t vex yourself about that. Fm not altogether such a selfish savage as to leave -a - lady all by in circumstances like the present." He hesitated for one moment, and then added, " esneaally you.' 1 She could not .have told - why, but his answer comforted her. Sbe had begged him to-leave her, bat at the same time she bad not wanted him to go, uid now be disclaime3 the intention of quitting her so peremptorily that she de : sisted from any further persuasion. " You are very -good/' aha said once more,; "and I suppose youwiil take your own way,: whatever Inrge to theoontrary." . " Way ? Why, at oourse, [shall; I'm used to having my own way in' everything, as you'll soon "find out," he answered cheerily. His admiration for h«r cool courage was rising fast. At that moment all thought of fox and hounds had vanished frorp bis mind. His next action' waste take off hisTed coat, roll it mto« ball, and place itifader the'gid's brad. "There,: thafe better, is it r not f " ha «aid. ' "Mafas W- aort of pOlow. Do you fed «old at oll T I- wish to ' goodaess I lad temething, to, j&eow; over yyuanS fceqijou waimj. AftwoII^Kss. but - Z iMgan - ta . be caod'4hey ^nigbt £&exugr; . jfm. -33My mean wall, but have not «. bit-ef , -.i-j,,!,. ;; 4 1 rravery gUyi you did," she said with a smile. " Some <a their _ seggestiona were ji^Bitivtdy alsnming. 'Bat won't yda' ca&Ji; octld mflioot any .aoat t" That tinqile -aot liaa touched %«r woman's heart, and ptedisposed her mor .mpiib in Us favour than all that had gone before. It t^tified to a- chivalrous kindly nature. - "" Not L Do you think Fm barley-eugar to mdt %i-tte sun or the rainr as 1 may te!,.Bat m must not' Ietyou stay bora too laag, fqr Biere is sudi a'thing as rheumatism in this world. Do ydu-fhiiik vou ^ouldset up now if X ware to help yoo.'m little? Don't pe m aiiy^inny, nnlese youred indmedj only ^er^aps it may be wise to makB iau I'll try," -ahe aaid, i«liunssiv8ly. " I lad mndt bettar tiian Zdid a. litde while ago." '. ital! Tbe jquiet.has done you good sdtecalll IbaTBhad-eo many faUs of one port : . .. . ; _ . gBttgjBuBiM^w ^attfig m ftssdred mllM away." > f . Talking of traesJ. hms bBoo« of my " ^^ntoeM. H»da>broken "Don't be so bloodthirsty. What did poor Grisette do to encompass our downfall, for really I hardly know?" ' '-. "f will tell you easily enough. She never made the ghost of an effort, or rose- one single inch, but just galloped straight into the fence, caught the binder with her chat, and turned a complete somersault into the field. A pretty lady's hunter!" " Now, I won't have you abuse my property. It s not good manners; besides, remember; the poor thing was dead beat, and really was not so much to blame after aH, We seemed to me to havebeen galloping tremendously fast, and M a I don't somefow tfeiik die's much if a stayer, »v. -- - .. She did not give me the impression.' " That I can easily believe, for thoBe tearing, rushing brotes, generally do pull themselvesout in something under twenty minutes, and onoe they beran to blow it's all up, -They rid® like a lump of lead for the rest ol the "day. I don't tumble to that class- of animal. Ninetimes out of ten they're soft, showy, and cowardly. Ab for Grisette-4hat is her name, is it not?—you ought not to give her a -chance of repeating ber Ql-conduct in the future. You ^cktoberlikeateidc,and'r«^eawfullywell, but tata my word for it, she's not 4 safe , arumsltor any ladjr to junt." _ _ She has her faults, I admit, but perfection is terribly hard to-find, either in human bongs ^orinhOT^eflesh. "Such at' least is thy «z]pe& : •fflBbe.'":: -' • ; . y n / She hsid -'succeeded .in assuming? a '<dt&ag; posiHon, sbut stai fdt- unequal to the iaskof remountiiig or standing c upright. - It wat ttsr«oiei sath eome relief she Baw Colonel -Clinkers' second horseman now appear on the «cene,w-hotouchmg his hat tespectfully,^ as if not altozether sure his presence might riot I -be considered ,— incompatible with certain orders J he had received erstwhile, said- .in-$-halfapologetic, iialf-explanatory sort of -way— "Be?Dardon: Beg pardon; sir Kir f but hut farmer Smith SmifK %etpldme *ju»f-nln as 'ow you was a-staying behind -witha lady as 'ad met with a bad haeddent, and I took (lie liberty of riding Hopal part of the way "back again to see if I'could render any w.ci.fn^r^. I 'ope I acted right, air." . "Quite right"' answered his master, intones of unqualified approbation, though .the chances were on any other occasion poor Leatherdale might have received a severe reprimand for this breach of discipline.' 4 * And now. Leatherdale. attend to what I Say. I want you to go straight to the inn and tell them to bring a trap immediately,- and to wait at the cross-road for Grauby until I turn up. You know the place I mean, don't you ?' " Yes, sir. well nigh upon the old sign-post, afore you eome to the seventh milestone." *' Exactly; aad Leatherdale, don't forget to ask for the loan of a shawl or warm wrap of. tome sort or other. The young lady is sure to feel chilly after n"b*:t, when the reaction sets in. If they make any bother about lending it, you can mention my name and give tfaem half-a- . crown. Do you understand what I want?" " I'm to order a trapand borrow a shawl, and tell 'em to wait till you come, sir." " That's it, and Leatherdale," turning to speak with the man aside, so that Kate might not overhear his final injunctions—" it's as well to be ou the safe side. If you should happen to meet ilise Browser's groom on the way, or anyone going in the direction of Foxington, ask him to call at Dr. Baker's and leave a message saying his services will be required at Sport Lodge in about an hour's time. 1 fear there may be some broken bones to set," 4 4 'Deed, sir! I'm sorry to hear that, sir!" said Leatherdale with ready sympathy as he rode off to do his master's bidding, determined, after the manner of his kind, that the ill-news of Miss Browser's accident should lose nothing in transmission, but rather gain in point ana piquancy. CHAPTER XV.—A FBTBKD nr NEED. As soon as he had gone. Colonel fpinfcm- said to Kate in a voice of quiet authority: " And now we most get you to your feet. You have lain on that damp ground quite long enough, and will derive no more benefit from keeping stOI. Can you rise by yourself, or shall I help you ?" Kate shook her head, and declined assistance in her curiously independent way, but only to -find a moment later, when she struggled up with gteat<$ain and difficulty, that ene could not possibly do without aid. ^-For one instant ahe stood tottering and sway ~ lufto and-fco like a helpless reed in the wind';. '-Jjian adddehly the green fields, -Grisette, Snow>.^ flake,tColonel Clinker, seemed fo swim before her eyes, a sickly stole over her frame, and she would liave had not Jack supported her in his arms. She could -just feel their strong but gentle clasp, and then she lost consciousness. Her eyes dosed, and insensibly the email head, with its crushed and battered pot hat, .sank on his broad shoulder as on a pfllow. A transient gleam lit up Jack Clinker's frank blue eyes when he fdt Kate's weight. As he hdd her for once, as if indeed she were hiB very own,, a swift, strange thrill of ddight shot through his bong. With her pale, scratched face, Sishevalled hair, and blue hps, she moved him more than any woman had hitherto done in his whole life before. It was the same feeling he had experienced the night of lira. Forrester's dinner-party,but now it returned with twofold strength. He took out bis silver flask, forced brandy through the girl's set teeth, and waited anxiously for the symptoms of returning life. Gradually a faint.tinge of colour,like the blush of a white rose, flickered bick into her cheeks, and the beautiful lashes which bid the grey eyes coded themselves upwards. At first her look was vague and wandering, but as little-by little the brain began to reassert its power, a rosy flush suffused her whole countenance. "Iam better now," she said, freeing herself 4 from his arms. 4 1 can't think what made me eo silly. I have never fainted until to-day. 1 ' '-He let her go directly, but even then die could not stand alone. He hdd out his band that powerful, manly hand she had noticed and liked before. "W3I you not take it?" he said with a half smile. " You are proud, bnt you see. you cannot dn without me altogether." She put her small palm in bis, and he led bar like a little child to the place, eome few yards distant, where the two horses were standing tied together. . "If you could manage to sit on Grisette for a hundred yards or so," lie said gently, " just till we get to the road and meet the trap, I think it would be better for you than walking.. Will you mind my lifting you up P" "No," she said simply. It was a strangely sweet and strangely novel sensation to. her, who for so many years had .been accustomed to take the lead, to decide and act alone, to find someone who 4xnld do these: things for hec, -ltseemed pleasant to be protected and cared for, especially .whan die was .suffering. .Hpny men might have taken advantage of the situation, might "have made their kindness fdt as a matter calling for gratitude; but he did everything eo quietly and BO naturally that she could but accept nis services in die same spintin which they were rendered. "Do not be afraid," beaaid, when be had lifted her on the man. "Iwill lead Grisette "with one hand aiid libldyoa with t£e other m case you should feel giddy. Let me know if it k _ atdeinsOeno i,bdfthough the; motion of &e; animal sent a t tolisrlieart, and made her grow -hot and by tums. fiie ahut bar lips firmly overbed 'whSe teeth, determined 119 aound of -oomplaint should Bscape them. ^ She coUld rat beer that he should think hera'Coward, nnd ao at length they readied the ioadside , ; where, to their no small joy,---an- open pony-chaise stood inreadiness awaitrngtfisir arrival. ^- - . . * . :<' And novr," said Colond Clinker %0 the nun in charge, "T propose driving ttu young lady borne,*-'provided you can manage to rifle toa. . grey and leadttis mare back. '"nmij are both pretty-well tiredout, and will be as quiet as : sheep." ' ''' • "'.— -' ; '-'i : 80 saying he helped Sate Into lbs Vduole, V rapped ber ap with the cuahioosof ^ius aasta, id^ftertuclnng a 'cootie of shawls roundfeer, latedhimsdf intite «mptyjiace by her side. and^akmg np ^the rdni drove off at a good smart! •'The sooner we : gefhome 'ttie better,'" sud, "anduthel^onlylioldstwo.lt' — as the thwght recalled a highly disagreeable recoUectioK'* Her tone had become cold and her" manner frigid. : •* In thatcaee l-apologisefor my curfesity," he replied, relogsisg into silence. " So you tidu't approve of Grisette ? n she said presently, after a- ^ged pause. " Do you know, Fm afteid you're rather vindictive." "No.' Approve-o^Jker? I should think cot. Confound the brute! She's a real bad'nn.'* "Now, once again I tar, don't abuse my belongings ; it's nolpolite," - . " TYuthvery seldom is. How long has fihtr been in yoBr;-p6s8esoanP* ' About two or three mouths. I was let in . H 7< wish I could lay claim, however^ to so that I might ask a favour at ymtr " Is ftiMidship the fine fjiiAnon which renders requests admissible F" die- asked aaikiously. " Aire they not often proffered: without any psfftiealar intimacy on either side?* " That speech, /h, I so; . remind reminu joe me of ot being without the-palec Thank f yam Mis»Prewser. Y<m ha^enuidMmiUner of-pntting things highly calculated to i m p r pecple with a sense of your honesty."" "Afidyop of snapping upooeVwosds^'and notundersodding chaff. What^r tiisfavour you^_ " me m w to ride .- " Indbed ! Am I to showthe white- feather merdybeoaoBesbe bargivenmevftlli? 5 That .would be cowardly.?' - " "No, not because she has givin you a fall, but because she is a mad. hsadetrong, soft :brnte.notworth her keep, Wfll you promise F" '" But I can put Stirrup on her, said she, 4 4 Very nksely. She Would not puII-Sflrrnp's arms off, Isuppose, or runaway, orgobtoadlong into the nearest carriage i No. of course not." 44 \- Now, don't be sarcastic. If Grisette-!s not fit for me to ride she's not fit for poor dear" old Stirrup. But ho w am I to get rid of her r" .". Easily- enough. Make a chop with Fhipns or some respectable dealer. Depend upon it, the first loss -is always the smallest in cases ot this sort- There's no extravagance eo ruinous in the end as that "of sticking to a badges." "He was- charmed-at gaining even this concession, for he honestly only desired her welfare. - A pity he could not leave matters as they were —a pity that some- foolish instinct prompted him to bend over- her and say, in a soft, persuasiye-votce— " Will you think it over to—to—please ma. 2 " It was the first indiscretion he had committed —the first speech which deprived her of her sense of ease. Mrs. Forrester had warned her of his being a flirt. Had he already begun to practice on her? Or was h« gradually smoothing the road for that ultimate proposal-he had backed himself to make ? 44 No, certainly not," she said curtly. " If I think of selling Grisette at all it will be to please myself, -not other people; aud excuse my saying so, but do you not consider I ought to be the best judg* of my own affairs V" No snub could have be*tn more direct. HiB face flushed as be answered haughtily— 4 4 Certainly, Miss Brewser. I regret I should have been so foolish as to display the dightest interest in them. Henceforth I will studiously guard against any recurrence of the fault." He flicked the pony sharply with the whip,' and settled down into a gloomy silence. She' fdt sorry for having for having produced this result, and after a bit endeavoured to resume the conversation. What a lovely afternoon it has turned out," she said, after a quarter of an hour bad elapeed, during which not a word 'had been uttered No answer. Colonel Clinker pretended to be absorbed in a contemplation of the surrounding idscape. 4 The country about here looks good for hunting,** sbe sud, wishing more and more as they neared home to make her peace, aud feeling conscious of having ill-requited his feiwrjwAa 4 and attention. 4 Do you often run this way with hounds?" Sometimes." .The fences look-very big about here." Bather." I suppose most people don't jump them,. butBtjckw1 the rpajda ; , , How much farther are we from Foxington ? Farr" "No."'- - - - * " • - -She looked up. into his face. It was -very gloomy and Btern. She put her hand on his arm for one-second, and said with -a pretty, penitent snlile—' " Won't vou tell me how far ? - I hate monosyllabic replies. They're so very unsatisfactory —give one no information whatever." His brow-relaxed a little though he answered coldly— . . . . " Foxington is quite : dose. You will see it when we pass the next bend in the road. We are just home." She made no reply for a few seconds. She was cogitating an unwonted act of grace. They drove through the town, past the church, up the hill, then, in at the gate of Sport Lodge. Another minute and it would be too late. She turned her head away and stored at the scanty laurels which flourished ill among the clay son. _ Colonel Clinker," she said m a low voice, I'll promise not to ride Grisette again if you wish it. I was wrong to speakvts I did, and I believe you had only my interest at heart" It cost her a great effort, bat nevertheless die fdt easier when it was over. Her words surprised him so much that the old staid pony was actually suffered to fall into a walk. He looked her straight in the face, with one 4 kee% inquiring glance. 1 Thank you," he said. That was all, but fro 31 the tone of his voice-die knew he was pleased, aud that she had not suffered in his good opinion. "Are we .friecds again then?" she asked softly. ' 4 4 1 did not .know you ever considered us as Buch, Hiss Browser." Never mind what you 'did not know.' After the great kindness* you have shown me this afternoon, I should be sorry not to part lily...Wecan resume our differences, if necessary on some future occasion." "I devoutly hope, then, that it may not prove necessary. Mightnot 4 our differences,'! as y^u call them, be buffed altogether ?' Kate,however, was saved from m»Hng any answer-to this question by the appearance of Mary Whitbread, followed by Dri Barer. Oh. Kate!" she said. "What u the matter?"- Nothing very serious, I. hope, only I've made, rather an idiot of myself, and given Colonel Clinker no end of trouble," answered the girl. 'I wish you would not mention that part of i&e; business," he said. 4 'Don't you remember a certain bargain we made not so long ago?" "I really am aihamed to say I've quite forgottm it." 4 . 1 Why, that I was to be allowed to pick you tip whenever you -came to g™f.'' - "^Lh,-yes, of course. Inttle did I think bow iyour assistance would be required.", l&d; now, Kate," said Mary Whitbread, HL.bfetween<them ahe. iiad_ been, hdped into hall, "you lnuat coma upstairs at'once, and P&Saker; prohouhce upon your .eonduira; •cannot allow you*o stand ben any . JO-Aod bye, then," -she said to Colond Crater with-<a safle.. "Yoa- see Fm nnder. matching orders." ~ She put Wit her little hand <rahkly,andhe"presBed»tinhisown. 4 '|Gbod-bye, miss BreWser.-1 -hope yon will soot get welL jMay I be alloveed-to wait until ths^dortor issues his bulletin i^' : 'fCerbtinly, if you care to. take so much tto^Ua." ; ... .:.:. . ;. 4 4 1 rfo care to," and^han te turned a Way and aat iand sat bimsalf in. the small .cosy drawing-room.". It.seemed a perfect a^ge before ' one [appeared to rdieve his .'anxiety. ' He : .in every detail of the apartment-~the a; the work, the flowers, every little sign ibdrayedthepresenoe of ladies. Hjstmqe^. \- Kate'a photograph-bsok, and oitically *nraminwt a faded, likwiHMi.-which -Xegueeanted that young"l«dy, in -short fro& andi- diaggy. hairiatttBageofSfteen.. - - _ -•. •CWbatatnimpshfl is,"he tiu>ughttohimiM^asberecalled the adventures of thaafteriunxu Hist, bow she bad followed- him 4enca for-fencevsll-,through. the jeariisr part of the nmijra^.abiigjit ma^^wiHiout anyjiai J plenty ef pluck, two very desintife but often missing'qiadities in a patieat." "Oh yesyshe hao plenty of . , aaewei far that. - .Hkwt women in bar place would bav«-made a terrible to-do, bnt die never uttsrtd a siaglff complaint." That nighir Jack ClinberTsAliaiberewere vary nneasy, frequently disturbed -by cradling soundt and tbsrision of atruggliB^ honsss and sweet girl facer.- The latterhauoted; huu until the small hours ofthe moroing, when at length he gained reposst- Miss flUluer besfi of Kate's aaadent^-as a matter ot course, aad-whenabe heaid of 36 she retnarked' with gfcC" to every member of lhe hunting fidd—* "Ah, poor thipg!' Just what o»e would /expect. No judgmcnt'azid no notion sf ridiagt 'Butthere, fliy likely-it will do-tergjod, aad 1 by the time ^e has IMS -broughtrlnck ia-a-castoace or twice ^it>re, perhaps she may begin' to settle down cemt - ----- -TTFi-e- fite- -—- a — Christian," f~ " which; — —- , spe^-being uterineteaWant that Kate had ; s^smshown 13bPalliserthe way, and araused' * " •young un raon. loc£lagon6 who dared to cat Hias PilKia^eut e s •eopecidly^to s " • — v .be—condemned. J In.-ngniflc3nt I — — ones raight be toterated, but not those-who a^ira* todlBtingiSBh' themadvep in that hunt= fidiof vAich "Miss PalHser «onmdMii>her- iifv""*^ anangmSot with Ward, lo*, •MCo. 