THE WHITE DOG- : A G 110,5 T STORY. NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. BY GEORGE R. SIMS. All Rights Reserved. About 11 o'clock the servants went to bod, and 1 was the only person sitting up in the house. I heard tlie clock strike midnight, and then that unaccountable creepy feeling which I have formerly described came upon me. The furniture creaked and creaked, and I felt that chill moist breathing on the nape of the neck, Insiinetivcly — not for ft moment knowing what 1 was doing, entirely forgetting the fearful revelation which had been made to mc that day — 1 put my hand under tho table ami whispered to au imaginary clog. In a moment I felt a cold nose under my hand, and I sprang hack with a cry of horror. And gently wagging his tail, out from under the table crawled a white dog. It was Ghost. At thai moment I was a prey to the most abject terror. 1 stared at the dog with eyes almost starting from my head. I had re treated to the iirepluec— further retreat was impossible. And slowly towards mc, nearer and nearer came thu white dog.' lie must have con cealed himself all day in some top room, one of the garrets or the lumber-room, perhaps, and when all was quiet he must have stolen clown and gone to his usual place under iny table. I was too absorbed iu my work to hear him enter, and lie had lain quietly dozing until now. Gradually L regained my self-possession. It was no good letting tlie dog see that I was afraid of him. lie had evidently no hostile intentions towards me. Bub his allection was as dangerous us his amity. A mad clog can communicate hydrophobia by licking your hand. I remembered witli horror how often during tho past week Ghost had favored me with that sign of canine uitection. I went to a drawer in my room where I kept an old pair of gloves, and L carefully drew them ou. Then I sat down and let Ghost come up to me, and with my gloved hand I putted his head anil told him to go and lie down again. He wagged his tail and went hack under the table. 44 He has not developed any of the symp toms yet," 1 thought to myself, 44 hut he may at any moment. It will never do to let him come again. I'll secure him tight, and to-morrow I 11 fetch a veterinary surgeon and consult him as to what ought to be done." As soon as I was satisfied that Ghost was lying down again under tiie table i turned tho gas down, and crept to the door, went out, pulled it to and tlum locked it, and put the key in my pocket.' tl then went upstairs and put a note under the housekeeper's door, telling her that no one was to try and open the study door, as it was locked. I had left some papers about , that was tho explanation 1 gave, as J. did not want to raise au alarm about the dog. T then went to bed, but I could not sleep for hours. When L did, 1 had a most terrible nightmare. I dreamt that a huge white dog with ilamiiig eyes, was sitting on my chest and endeavoring to lick my lace, and I was trying to prevent, him, because lie was mad. The next morning 1. woke with a splitting headache. I went clown to breakfast, and the servants told me that I must have shut Ghost in tlie study, for he had not been whining and suatclnng at the handle of the door. "All right," I said, 44 I'll let him out directly." But instead of letting him out 1 put on my hat and was just going oil' to fetch a surgeon from the Royal Yolerinary College like my friend Professor Pritehard ur my friend Professor Axe, when the servants in formed me that an inspector of police wished to see me. It was the inspector to whom I had con- fided my exciting adventure on the previous day. As soon as ho had been shown into the diiiiiigroom lie asked me what I had done with the dog. I told him all that had happened, and that tlie dog was at present locked iu my study. 44 That's all right," he said. " I thought perhaps you had had him killed." 44 You have ascertained something about the gculicitian who called here?" J said. 44 Yes, sir, and that's why I have come to see you. Directly you hud gone yesterday I instructed one of' my men to make full in quiries, as it was such a serious ami extra ordinary all'air. Tlie first tiling wo did was to trace the dog. It was evidently pur chased at tlie Dogs' .Homo about 10 days ago. It had been found in the streets a day or two previously and not claimed. Homebody laid, however, recognized it us a dog who ban been seen about with a foreigner— a German gentleman who had chambers in the Stroud. Tlie gentleman liad gone abroad, and it is supposed lost the dog before he started and hadn't been to make inquiries or sent for it. 44 At any rate it was detained, and when a gentleman — the curious-looking gentleman you dc.;cnbiMl,forthedeseriptioutalUcs--eanie and wanted a dug, this one was shown to him and lie bought it and took it away, leaving liis address in ease the rightful owner should at any time make inquiries. " Furnished with that address, wo con tinued out' investigation. We went to the house and ascertained liiab the gentleman who lived there alone with amau-servant had brought the dog home with him and taken it lo Ids room. Koine time afterwards tlie man heard the door open and saw the dog liy out. He happened to be standing at the front door and the dog bolted past him. His master came down the stairs in » state of great excitement and ran after the dog." " The rest L know," J. interposed, " lie ran after him as far as the park, when he lost sight ot him. Tlie dug evidently saw my front door open— my housemaid was out lucking t he urea gate— ran in and hid under my table, and lay there quietly until I dis covered him." " Yes," said the Inspector, 44 I expect that's about how- it happeiicd, hut let mc finish my story. As soon as possible one of my men got hold of tlds man-servant and pumped him about his master. He wasn't inclined to he very communicative at lirst, Imt us soon as my luau explained Dial it was a police inquiry he made no bones about tell ing tlie whole truth. " His master is an eccentric gent Ionian of fortune and he himself is partly valet, partly keeper. He lives in thu house with him and looks. after him for the family." 44 A madman f I exclaimed. T might have known it, none but a madman would have tried such a hideous and awful experiment." 44 Well, not exactly a madman from what wo have been able to ascertain," said tho Inspector, 44 but decidedly cracked, subject lo hallucinations. It seems that lie has got one big bee in his bonnet, and that is tiiat in: is a great scientific investigator. He thinks lie lias discovered a euro for cancers and a cure for consumption. He reads the medical journals and tries experiments in a room he calls his laboratory. Once or twice lie nearly blew himself up with chemicals." 44 But about tho dog — " 44 Well, it seems lately he has been reading a great deal about hydrophobia and Pasteur's experiments, and lie conceived tlie idea that- lie would try and be the English Pasteur, so he went to tlie Dogs' Home, ami got a dog to begin with." 44 Why did his keeper or his servant, or whatever you like to call him, allow such a thing?" 44 lie hadn't the slightest idea what he was going to do, he says. He simply thought he'd bought a dog and brought it home. it was nob till afterwards that he learnt he'd been trying experiments on it." 44 Whore did he get the virus, or whatever the stuffis?" 44 My dear sir, lie never got any at all. That's where his madness comes in/ 44 What, do you mean to suy lie didn't do anything to the dog ? " 44 Oh, yes,%he undoubtedly ran tho point of a needle into the dog, and that made the dog leap up and bolt, ami it was recollecting that needle made I lie dog howl and run away when tlie noor lunatic came to see you." 44 But the viiuis which was on tho point of the needle ? " 44 Nothing to hurt. Tt seems that he told his man a day or two ago. to get him some hydrophobia virus. If he asked for a bit of the moon, the man would go out and bring him in something. He always says that it is part of his duty. .So ho went out and bought a sixpenny bottle of gum, mixed a little of it with flour and water, and put it in a little phiul ami said he lmd brought it from the College of .Surgeons." 41 Then there was no virus on tho noodle?" 41 Absolutely none. I havo ascertained be yond a shade of doubt that the facts arc as I toll them to you." 1 jumped up and ran to the study door and unlocked it. Ghost came hounding out ami followed me into the diniugroum. 44 Here is tho dog," I said. Tho Inspector stooped down aud patted him. 44 ilo is a nice dog," he said, 44 ami I should uay there whs not an atom of virus about him. At any rate there is no hydrophobia." lie held his haml out ami tlie dog licked it. I was satisfied that tlie Inspector liad nseertuiiuHl the truth of the story lio'd told me. . Ghost, tho white dog who came to mo one night in such a mysterious way, is still a member of iny household, and he still lies at night under my study table while 1 am at work. 1 never saw the poor mad fellow who gavo mo such a terrible fright again, and I am by no means anxious to renew tho honor of his acquaintance. He gave me a very bad 24 hours,, aud might, had I been less cautious, have flung my household into a state of absolute panic. I am quite sure luul my servants ever known the story there is not one of them who would not have given me notice on the spot aud have lied from the presence of that terrible white dog, and they would probably have been haunted with tho fear of developing sudden symptoms of hydrophobia for the rest of their natural lives. Ghost so fur from sufleriiig from the mad man's experiment, profited by it. When he fled in terror from the prick of his new master's needle, chance led him to a homo where his many good qualities are appre ciated and where he will bo an honored guest'as long as he lives. He is one of tiie few whoso position has been materially im proved by tlie hydrophobia scare. Tin: End. 