N'IMPORTE, ByJ.O.B. Cooma, a thriving country town away to the S.S.W. of Sydney, has just come round after a delirium of excitement. The other night, for the first time, kerosene lamps were used to light the streets, amid tensest interest of the people till the Mayor lighted the first, when the populaoe sent into the night a cheer that startled the dingoes in their distant dens and brought respectable citizens to the doors of their houses to see the unwonted spectacle. It is to be hoped that the incident will be taken to heart by those dissatisfied people who insist that rural Mayors have no status — no raison d'etre in the country. So long as people continue lighting kerosene lamps they will retain the respect of the land. It's when they take to breaking them, either by accident or design, that their neighbours grow hard and suspicious. * » *? * The evidence in a divorce case that has occupied the attention of the Court this morning is of the strangest and most contradictory. Judging by B, his wife kept him a stranger to female loveliness by hiring maid secants with only one eye. Once, too, she appears to have engaged a black gin without a nose. How it was she didn't use up all the noseless and one-eyed females in the land deserves investigation. — Who says the glorious art doesn't pay when news comes that Slavin and Mitchell have been offered £300 (each) a week for four months to ex hibit boxing at the Chicago Exhibition ? — It has always been said that the Russians have much humour, although they generally keep it to them selves. Perhaps this is forced upon them, as it must be as dangerous for a Moscow tradesman to make fun of the military governor of the place as for a larrikin to give impudence to a colonial J udgc. But the Czar is scarcely bound by those rules, so that he can relax eveiy now and then. He must have relaxed this week when he censured the Musco vite officer that turned Captain Younghusband out of the Pamir Plateau. If the Russians are only what they used to be, that officer will be Com mander-in-Chief next year. — A Mr. J. A. O'Brien considers rabbits God's creatures, and objects to their being1 destroyed. He forgets that in nature there is no such word as ' mercy.' She is red in tooth and claw, and will probably continue so. * * * * This Fisher's ghost business is becoming, melancholic. It must be over 30 years since the dreary story was thrown like a loaf on the waters, and, after that long period, here it comes back again morbidly vigorous, demanding recognition as well as board and lodging in Australia. It is Mr. Stead, of the Review of Reviews, who is on its trail this time. In a recent letter to Mr. Percy R. Meggy, of this city, he desires to learn the full particulars of Fisher and hifl irritating- ghost. But it should not be forgotten that Marcus Clarke took the spectre in hand as far back as 1866, and in the first bout or so knocked the entire stuffing out of it. It wa3 4-Viati flKftTPn fliftvo wflfl r \Ck crVirkfcf. It is even doubted if there ever was a Fisher — it is certain there never was a murderer in the case. All the story of Fisher's sitting on a fence with his arm crooked — of his meandering towards a watcrhole and disappearing in its malodorous depths, are pure fabrications — untruthful, uu« likely, and impudent. Such a thing as an Aus tralian ghost has never been seen, and probably never will be. The country is too young and too imperfectly opened up to afford a footing to such unwelcome unemployed. If Mr. Stead wants ghosts, he must look for them at home, or, at least, in old lands where they've had time to come to maturity and present themselves properly before tho public. Just as running water stopped the witches that chased Tam O'Shanter, so the Equinoctial Line brings up standing every vampire, ghoul, ogre, gnome, gin, imp, bogie, or ghost that tries to leap it. * * * * Professor R. L. Garner is going from America to Africa to study the speech of monkeys. His great desire seemB to be a tete-h-tete with a gorilla in the forest primeval. What the Simian will think of being tempted to leave his family for the purpose of talking into a phonograph remains to be seen. M. Du Chaillu thinks the creature cannot be induced to speak into the instrument at all, unless it's tied over his mouth and someone prods him. Besides, it isn't every phonograph that's big enough to entirely cover a' gorilla's mouth, or contain what he has to say when some one's sticking a pin in him. At the best the experiment is a hazardous one, as may be judged from the fact that most of the leading journals in the States contribute to the pro fessor's trip. They are probably under the ?impression that only one instalment will be re quired and that the savant will not return for the balance. At the same time, it is by no . means clear why the Great Republic's journals should be so anxious to hear how gorillas speak. It is not always pleasant to be told how you ex pressed yourself as a child. Among the monkeys at the New York Zoo Professor Garner is reported to be a great success. Much to the keeper's con cern, he enters the cages without fear and fondles the fiercest of them. Nothing, however, can be positively said of the probable result of the expedi tion till experience shows how a creature 80in. across the chest and with arms long enough to scratch his ankles without stooping is in the habit of receiving strangers who call upon him' uninvited. * * . * * The Royal Commission's report on the British Army would appear to be far from pleasant read ing. The battalions axe incomplete, while men, except the Guards, are undersized and weedy. In. 1810, when the United Kingdom was but half , as populous, there were over 300,000 regulars under arms, while the country was 'stiff ' with militia and volunteers. It may be said, of course, that there's no necessity for such ? a force to-day— it isn't every year a Bonaparte finds himself absolute master of a great nation. Again Hie sturdy beggars that filled the English, gaols in 1810 were obliged to serve, or put up with some pretty rough treatment. Onoe more, the present Parliamentary grant for the army limits the numbers to a little over 210,000. Still, there's no getting over the fact that healthy, well-developed Britons of to-day pre fer to do anything rather than enlist. Is it any wonderf By no means. I once served for a bit in a British regiment, and was on a penny a day most of the time. Archibald Forbes was on one side, David Christy Murray on the other, Bradlaugh a little down the line, and I've every reason to think they were wallowing in the same generous affluence. Many simple people think a British warrior gets or got a shilling a day. It is a pure myth. For their rations they had to pay 8d daily leaving a 4-penny margin. Then for extra, clothing or boots they were almost constantly under stoppages of 3d a day, giving them one penny to squander. I've seen great bearded men, fresh from Indian marches, approach the pay table for their penny, ask for an advance of another penny as they wanted to stamp a letter, and be told by the presiding officer that the service did not en courage waste of any kind, even in letter- writing. Tour army costs more than those of other nations ? No doubt. But in other nations every man has to serve so that there is no room.for jealously as every person has to put hia shoulder to the wheel. Then, other European lands don't keep their man ten years, but release them after three. As things go, some form of modified conscription will have to be used, or else the wages will have to be raised to a figure that will make old generals leave their graves and revisit once again the glimpses of the moon. 