THE PROCEEDINGS OP THE PLATYPUS CLUB. (Edited bv I'excuin.] The members always have a great and glorious time when tliev dine with the Doctor (remarked Jubb as he placed my soup before me). Ou Wednesday evening they met at his house, and as he is a perfect host the proceedings were most enjoyable. The Doctor lias the faculty of drawing his guesN < 'it mi remarkable degree. Each <>11• • o...-- iu consider it a requirement that lie should justify his presence by reciprocating in the mental entertainment as far as he a We. There are no shyness, no self-depreciation, no suspicious distrust of eac h other's sincerity—no " uncomfortal>!enes>s : ' as I might say—on such occasions. Every one is en ,<<pi><>it with his surroundings. The man who can produce this delightful condition of mind in liis 1,'uebts is a rarity : but he does exist, and we have a splendid specimen of Jiim in the Doctor. All the members of the club were present. After dinner there was some witty crossing of blades, with a good deal of light huniwur, lieecy and sweet as the snowiiake 011 tritie pudding ; and anon the conversation got more satisfying, and yet it retiiiiiud a due appreciation of the beautiful «ithal. To follow the simile and quote (jilliurt I might say it reminded one of the tender bloom on cold gravy. And then, as the fragrant, rosy wine went round, the company became more mellow, •and arnveo at poetry. I think, despite tlieir individual dissimilarity of intellect, the members are all poets at heart, and I discovered ihat a larger number of them thumb the seraphic lyre of Apollo than I had Mihpected of doing so. [Somehow I fancy that .Jubb writes verses himself. I said nothing, but listened attentively to ti;i? continuation of his narrative.] The Lawyer asked the Doctor to read tliem a sonnet of his own, which he (the Lawyer) had heard of from a young lady. The Doctor at once cheerfully complied, and giive the following :— Os Burning a Letter. Above the taper's pyramid of light I hold her farewell lines, and see tlie teeth Oi flamegnaw inward from the marge. Beneith A host Hi m fly flakes—asorry sight— Droop - i'Uv down. I watch their noiseless flight As they sink wrinkled on the cold, lure ground. Am! a heap of cinders dead, a dreary mound, Vliilat I ,-i; lonely in the silent night. In ashes Mack shrinks op my once-warm heirt; Hie jn\ s of life are gone, the woes remain. In vain 1 seek for comfort from above. But lo! bet ween my finger-tips a. part Of her la&t; tearful note I still retain. Half-scorched, but bearing still the words, "Hove." The members discussed this for some minutes, and the talk passed on to the Bonucbs of Wordsworth, whose power seems to grow with study, and to those of Shakspeare, whose divine music lingers upon us like a spell. The change from the narrative of the first octave to the subdued, sad key of the concluding sestctte in the Doctor's attempt brought up <]u<>tations from Leigh Hunt. The Doctor read hisown lines with great feeling. I'm half inclined to think it means more than a mere bit of literary gymnastics to him. The Wanderer evidently thought the sentimental element required a corrective, and therefore he volunteered to read a little thing he Lid knocked together during a dull hour in Melbourne last week. He called it AJ.LOWING FOB THE WlNl). (A Topical Song.) "You have not allowed for the wind, Hubert,'' Said Locksley, " or that had been a better shot."— Ivanlloe, Chap. xiii. When bold Bobin Hood roamed in merry Sherwood, His quiver and bow slang behind. His archer skill trying he'd shoot a buck flying, Because he allowed for the wind. The wind; He always allowed for the wind. If you'd journey through life without worry or strife * This maxim keep strictly in mind- In every transaction be wary in action, And always allow for the wind. The wind; Be sure you allow for the wind. I-andboonjera make sure they'll big fortunes secure When in Syndicates they go it blind; H ow their foolish hopes dwindle when bung goes the swindle! They didn't allow for the wind, The wind; They wouldn't allow for the wind. If the girl you would win has, they say, lots of tin, By all means have the settlements signed; But keep the wife's dower within her own power— Shell be sure to allow for the wind, The wind; You won't need to allow for the wind. If the piece you're in draws, to win public applause You sometimes to eag are inclined; Don't strike ont too wudly. but just draw it mildly; Goud actors allow for the wind, The wind; Watch the house and allow for the wind. There's Jimmy Munro, great fiuancierwe know, Tn leave a big surplus designed. He said, " You can't miss it;" but Berry's deficit Shows Jim don't allow for the wind, The wind; Jim seldom allows for the wind. Sit Graham the Knight's in a terrible plight; A million he wants, and can't find; All day limn he racks his poor brain for fresh taies. But can't raise, nor allow for. the wind, The wind; Sir Graham can not raise the wind. Vine, whisky, and beer, he basmade them so dear That cold water we drink when we've dined. He savs we don't grudge it to makeup his Budget To raise and allow for the wind. The wind; To aid Beny in raising the wind. If you'd journey through life without worry or strife " This maxim keep strictly in mind- In every transition be wavy in action, Anil always allow for tlie wind, The wind; And always allow for the wind. The Wanderer's effort started a chat on Music Hall songs, and several lively reminiscences of evenings ut the Pavilion, the Criterion, the Aijuiirium, and other haunts of bygone days were supplied. It transpired that two songs which were popular in London a few years ago were written by a member of the Club. The Poet next gave the following :— SMOKE. Putt ' pull! And tlie smoke from my pipe forms a cloud. As it CLrls in the air. And encircles my chair. It looks like a newly-spun ahroud. The lingering traces Form mystical faces. Lit up by' he fire'sruddy glow. Aim images faint. Of fount. fair and quaint, Which dissolve in the air as tbey go. Puff: puff: And my fancy roils ou like the smoke, Kver flitting and roaming Like bats in the gloaming, l-resli fancies the dying invoke. There are spectres, and ghosts, And goblins in hosts, There are faces from out the dim past. There are fairies, ar.d elves. And devils themselves, l-ladi hurrying after the last. Putt: puff! Whilst the embers burn low in the gtate. And still never heeding Each fancy succeeding, I note not the hour getting late; Till my pipe I put by And with half-closing eye. One last face iu the smoke I can see; And for ever and aye, Tho' the smoke floataway. Will that face sadly linger near me. 1 he Iconoclast professed a thickness of understanding about the face that lingered sacly, and asked, in a tone of well simulated innocence, whether people got •M.ViVm tremens from tobacco as well as from alcohol. He smoked away pensively, though, while the Poet was reading, and I know he felt, from experience, that the verses drew a picture of a certain mood that most smokers are familiar with. The Naturalist next read a rhyme, which he called " Lines to a Rabbit; written in Ci-iiiitiy Churchyard." *' (> ray 'C asked the Professor. "No : a kind of whitey-brown," replied tl e Lawyer. "A AVs/.yard Uliiicy-Jii-mr,,;,,,/ tinge, n aybe !" said the Statesman . "Orrfci-.''' said the Doctor: and the Naturalist read this :— Lacking all liii'inilrt amusement That \\(Hiv weary traveller caves, 11-it- 1 tinil crcueli inducement Wandering sim.ilir tllf" gTaves; Toiwt-Miis 'H-'iiifTitly are smitten V. 1111 I'om'H-i.Mi loneliness. A li.l i liK J.'wn IK hi.! tlie cooling breath of Moii.ii.;; deeps, the trass to fan, lrl>- ] sti..U and read the death of l".r..l 1.. I .lolni mill Mary Ann; A:-1 I'm li ,li in. lined to wonder vi'h. i tier, ilk.: a (Juetn of May, .1 lni ind Mary Ann hereunder, Autn l'u Y.uUinu ou their clay. While the speculative liabit Takes the bit aud hurries on, Near my feet up starts a rabbit. Like a -wraith, and, lo! "lis gon». Impious beast, to bait and burrow, Heedless of the .sacred dead. In this home of tears and sorrow I Maledictions on thy bead'. Stay! Thou art the Makei's creature! I will take my curses back. Better thou than yonder teacher, Prosing io his coat of black Of the awful Stygian river, And the uieads of asphodel. Where 'he shadowy forms for ever Hurry down the path of hell. Mixing sulphur slag for others Is some fellows' only joy. 1 would not, dear frienilsand brothers, Koli you of such sweet, employ; Bale it up in pot. ami ladle. Pour it out in ghoulish glee Over all, in mi grave to cradle. But don't splash it over me. Bunny! When I'm calmly lying Cabin'd in lliis last of cribs, And the won us are bent on trying Steeplechases through my libs— When inv hopes ami fears are over. All my weariness and care. If you are a careless rover On uiy grave, yun'ie nvli- iraic there. ' nere In- no stone or marble 'iiaM-ii Willi lU|.ti..od!e lie,; 1 eave it lo tlie 1'iid- i<> warble Anv lauding tliiviiodu s. Tlieirslare «iit> that lievev flatter, K\er sweet and tuai and glad ; C'vh- all I hey chirp ::u«l .-hatter. For we all are -ood and bad. These name -:nnj.s will .-nit exactly Belli my enemies aud friends. Though the Hist may paint me blackly. Yet the last «ill make amends; These will hold that 1 ain .-.oaring Harp in hand through azure air. Those, that I'm beneath the flooring. And as hot as I can bear. You could tell me all about it.. Brother John aud Mary Ann, And, as I'm inclined to doubt it As a very t input plan, I should like to have a minute With you bolli, t>. clear it up. But your place, » lieu once you're in it. Ne'er again its door will dup. Each must be his own explorer Through the Valley's unknown maze; . This has even been a Hoover Iu these scientific drtys: But you, Mary, cannot tell me, Though you be in itialms above. More tlian every flowercall spell me— That our Maker's name is i-:. Bunny, staj : I'll softly whistle To you; we shall yet be friends; And this crisp and milky thistle For abuse shall make amends! I'm no squatter Then a sexton, Hidden by a thickset shrub, Said—"Don't lie afeard you've vext 'un, He's a tame un from the pub!" Tlie old waiter folded up his notes and replaced them in his pocket- book. 1 thanked him for the entertaining halfhour I had spent, and told him that I much appreciated what-1 had heard. "Are you fond of poetry, sir f he asked. " Yes, Jubb." " Really, sir ? I h:>ve a little thin: my own here" of I placed a gratuity in his hand, and walked absent-mindedly away. 