DEATH AND THK SUPER NATURAL. The following is extracted from an. article in JLiterary Opinion entitled "The Supernatural in Fiction," by H. 1). ;lA>VnryIt "is perfectly con ceivable-you are'at libertj- to regard it as a matter of certainty-that all thismay have been.va: mistake; that ghosts, if only they could be suffi ciently investigated, ar<; always (as in the Christmas stories) truant" donkeys" or linen garments set to dry upon a liedgegrow, and gleaming at night in the moonlight; or that where their apparition cannot be thus easily ex plained away, they are the simple creatures of disordered nerves. But, you are to note, a ghost is still a ghost, and terrible, whether a man does actually behold it or merely be lieves as much ; and the fact is alto gether beyond, : questioning, that reasonable men, in all ages' of tho world, have believed upon occasion that their sense (of sight, of hearing, of smell) perceived'indubitably things which had no demonstrable existence \- things whose existence was even demonstrabl}'impossible. Tho nove list, therefore, is very far from " con descension" when lie allows himself to ileal with matters not strictly de scribed as natural: rathor, it must be held, that he shall arrive at complete ness only in giving to terror due emiT nonce among the emotions which mould our lives. Here, by way of example, is a little story, true in;* all particulars, and common enough also in varying decrees. It is told in vain if you do not realise that in the lives of these people the one thing bound to happen upon any emergency would ; always, to tell end of their days, be what is called, supernatural:-The family oousinted of a father. » and their three daughters,' of whom the youngest was now beytjnd the age of childhood ; and, for just so long a time as they could remember, these ".iris had lived, as it were, under the very shadow of death. The father was a decent living mechanic, not in any way a man of strong character, but honest, hard- working, finding always a very real support in the comfortable doctrines of his religion. His wife, too, was a good woman in her way, and their children should have lived hap pily in their home, and carried pleasant memories of it thereafter into other places. Only they knew, and were unable to forget, that the seeds of consumption were implanted in them from birth, and though none, of the family had succumbed as yet, tliey were "perpetually aware of this possi bility of their livos. It was the mother that went first, struggling a long while to believe that she would yet cheat the allotted fate, clinging desperatoly to the household tasks that were her part in life, but forced at last to relinquish the struggle and sit all day long at the fireside in the one downstairs room, helplessly await in"- tho pleasure of the disease. The husband had a woman's tendemoss, nor may you doubt the strong affec tion. of the children for their mother. Yet the fact remains that, from the first certainty of imminent death, all three stood away from her, re- \ warding her fearfully, as if she had been the incarnation of all that was unbearably dreadful to them. There after, when she lay upstairs, they entered sometimes the little room where the husband shared with the parish nurse the task of attendance upon their mother. But they made no demonstration of affection or re gret, being visibly held back by a fear that scarce refrained from shud dering; and if, at such times, a fit of coughing took the mother, they ran immediately from the room, having of her the sort of horror one might con ceive of a brute boast writhing in the last extremity of pain. At night they slept together in another room, the door barred against their terror with out, their hearts hardened altogether to the despairing loueliuess of the father, to the pain of tho dying woman. And when at last she was dead, tho Fear had still so great a mastery over them that no one among them looked upon her face before the coffin had been nailed down. They lived for theso few days, so far as was pos sible, out of the house. The father sat alono in the room with the body; he alone of the household followed the coffin to the gravoyard; and there after, for many weoks, something of tho dreadfulness which had held back tho children from their mother when she was dying, seemed, if I understand them rightly, to have been transferred to him who mourned for her. That is a mere example; a score of instances* might be quoted to show that the fear, not of dying, but of death and of the things which are beyond it, is upon occasion an emotion overmastering all the commoner in stincts of humanity. And such in stances cannot go unregarded. liudyard Kipling has been called a good many hard names by the New York papers, but the Omaha lice strings him with the most offensive title. It calls him " ]VIr. 'Barnyard Stripling." An engineer on a leading English, railway was growing old,and froquont reports wore made to tlie directors that Iris eyesight was not so good as it should he. This the old man de nied; but,nevertheless, there was every reason to believe that his eyes ;were getting a trille dim. However, he stoutly maintained that his eyes were i not only strong, but phenomenally strong, and that these criticisms wero made by jealous i'ellow-cngineers.The tost for eyesight on that line was made by a doctor who lived in a house facing a large common. "When he wished to test the man's eyes, he used to say : " Loolc over .there and see what you can sec." This fact had got known to the employes of the rail way ; and when the old engineer was going to be examined, he arranged with his sou that he should take his bicycle about half a mile across the common, and stoop down and oil it. In due time the engineer was ? led to the window, and the doctor said, as usual: " "\Yliat can you see ?" . The old man peered out, and said : " A Veil I see a young man stooping down be side a bicycle." "Do you ?" replied the doctor ; " I cannot see anything at all." " Gammon I" said the en gineer ; " can't you see it ? Why,he's oiling it." Ou this the doctor took up a pair of jiekl glasses on the table, and looking out, saw quite plainly a young man stooping down, oiling his bicycle. " Magnificent sight!" he said.; " magnificent!" And to this day the engineer is taking Iris w =iges with striking regularity. " So poor Stagers is dead." "STes ; l>e took the jrold cure four times, and at last succumbed. I understand lie asked to be ereuiatcd: but his widow wouldn't > have it so." "She liad hini buried, did slie?" " No; the bad bun assayed." 