The Theatrical Manager on " Hamtet." A writer in a recent number of the Cornhill Maga- i »ine says that the author in England, apart from the difficulty that is always with him of writing a good play, has many superb difficulties to contend with. Almost the greatest remains with the audience, for assuredly no civilized country has so backward an audience to show as ours. The theatrical manager is their mouthpiece, since long experience has taught him pretty well what they want ; and him you can hear any morning as he sits in his little room over his asbestos fire. To such a gentle- man, if you can conceive Shakespeare taking " Hamlet," I think I can tell you pretty well what he would say. Indeed I can hear him : " Plenty of good stuff in it, my boy, but totally unsuited to the British public They won't swallow those long speeches all about nothing, right outside the action of the play. The young man talks a lot too much, and works right against the sympathies of the audience. They'll 'iss 'im ; if he's as rude as that to his mother ; and look at his treatment of Fiji I what's her name, Ophelia P and he's quite brutal to that old chap, Polonius, who's a first-class dodderer. If the young mau thinks his father's been murdered, {why don't he caU in the good old Danish bobby and have a nailing good trial, like the 'Man's Shadder,' instead of going through that plaguey play scene? And, look, here, it must end happily, the B.P. won't stand an unhappy ending; 'Amlet must marry Ophelia, though there's no 'arm in her going dotty for a bit. And you've got three corpses on the stage at the curtain ; no, four, by George ! Do you suppose the audience want to be sent home miserable? And no second love interest. First grave-digger must 'ave a daughter for Laertes that can he easily worked. And what's the good of putting the scene out of England P The people like a scene they can recognise, and say, ' Lord ! ain't it azactly like ?' Make the scene English, my boy, and the people middle-class. The ghost can easily walk on Primrose '111, An' 'Amleb'a father be a lawyer or something, and Polonins a connty counoillcr. Besides, if we're going to do it, I'm not going to spend a lot of money on scenery, I can tell you. And I shall want ray name on the bill as part author; and Roaencrantz and Gnilden stern can come right oat. They're a noosanco. And, look here, the next thing you write, for gracious sake geb it type-written; such a fist as yours I never saw in the 'ole of my days." And so poor Shakspeare, having been recommended to look after a farcical comedy from the French, and a collaborateur who knows the ropes, the manager gives him two fingers, and says as the door closes, " That chap'll come to no good." 