THE SKETCHES.. Comic Opera in Parts Remote. By L. L. 'The Imperial Opera Company. Grand Pro duction of Lecocq's Celebrated Opera, 'Girofle Girofla ' ! ' Such was the heading of the notice that excited the curiosity of the inhabitants of Combington on a recent day. After giving the cast of characters, togetner with the names of the ' Sole Proprietor, Stage Manager, Musical Directress, aud Wardrobe Mistress.' the bill, which was most inappro priately bordered by an undertaker's advertise ment continued — 'Admission : Reserved orchestra stalls, 4s : stalls, 2s : back seats, Is. Doors open at 7 o'clock, commencing 8. Carriages 10.30.' This fetched the community. It also tickled its sense of humour. The Combingtoniane knew their 'School of Arts,' and were well aware that there wasn't room in it to swing the metaphorical cat, let alone an Imperial Opera Company. Also, they wished to discover the 'reserved orchestra stalk,' and see the 'carriages at 10.30.' Moreover, strangers had been noticed about the township — clean-shaven males in outlandish habiliments, and females who swept down the street as if they owned the earth. These portraits heightened expectation to such a pitch that the populace rolled up long before the appointed time, and whistled, and sang, and catcalled, and stared at the old familiar dirty drop scene, and the 20 by 12 platform in front of it, and wondered where the ' Twenty-five Artists ' would stow themselves aways. Of course, these remarks apply only to the occupants of the back seats. Presently, the First Families of Combmgton file in, and make for the reserved orchestra stalls — an array of those chairs, slippery-backed, cane seated, and insecurely legged, known popularly as 'Austrian.' These extend from the edjre of the stage to the stalls — also chairs— then away to the back seats. These latter are rude wooden benches, ? upon which, as a rule, the populace prefer to stand. Not only can a better view be obtained in that position, but more noise be made with the feet. The police magistrate and the postmaster, and the C. P. S. and the bankers, and the bankers' clerks, and the Crown lands agent, with their families, are well to the front, supported by a neighbouring squatter or two. also accompanied by their womenfolk and an attendant guard of jackaroos and overseers. The local press, too, is strongly in evidence, with complimentary tickets, under whose rcgis all available female friends and relatives have been smuggled in. These all look severely and consciously critical, and as if fully determined to have a finger in to morrow's 'critique,' either in Star or in Banner. At a piano, in a corner below the stage, sits the musical directress, who is also the orchestra, aud has, one would imagine, a hard evening's work cut out for her. As it is the time of Quarter Sessions, at Combington, we have also the Acting Judge and the Crown Prosecutor, who just look in for half an hour, and smile patronisingly round as much as to say, ' This sort of thing may pos sibly astonish you outside bush people. But we \- have seen it all before, don't you know, under ..very different circumstances.' They would probably, for all that, sit down aud stay it out. But they canrt. Coming across the plains, the coach got stuck up in the black soil, and they were obliged to ride seven or eight miles, barebacked, on horses with spines like the top rail of a fence. Therefore they stand, as being more conducive to comfort than even an ' Austrian.' ' Act 1. Grounds of Don Bolero's Castle.' Don Bolero D'Alcarzas and his wife are dis covered smiling amiably at Combington, which responds (backseats) with 'thunders of applause' (vide Cmubington Banner), and the Fuu begins. Gagging is mercilessly indulged in. Many of the double eulendtvn are, to say the least of them, 'broad:' but they are quickly picked up and appreciated by the back seats, who applaud voci ferously, whilst the First Families, who feel un comfortable, stare stonily. The orchestra is in great form, and the accom paniments are played with the skill that comes of long practice. The piano is a good and a power ful one enough for the place, but is badly situated, almost amongst the audience. It would have been ' better somewhere out of sight in the wings. The ? want of stringed instruments, too, is felt. Presently the little platform of a stage is full of men and women, whose apparel may be de scribed as quite the reverse of flowing, lacking, in fact, all superfluities whatever. Combington — at least, Combington, jun. — standing on the wooden benches, appreciates the spectacle, and shouts and laughs lustily. Combington, as well as Sydney, has its ' push :' but amongst the audience is a stalwart sergeant of police, and the still keen even of the old P.M. are not always bent stage wards. So, by force of circumstances, the back seats behave well, and show their gratification (for them) mildly. The whole troupe, or all that is visible of it, is singing away like one-o'clock, and all at the top of its voice. The pianist is banging away all she knows how, and the noise is deafening, especially in the neighbourhood of the First Families. A white dog, very ugly, with a brown patch and a stumpy tail, excited to madness by the row, darts from the shelter of an orchestra stall, jumps on to the stage, and barks furiously at Maras quin's legs. The noise is too great to hear him, but one. can see his mouth open and shut. At length Aurore hunts him with her fan. ,? This episode is much appreciated, especially as all concerned, dog included, continue their singing. There may be possibly 300 people in the house, and it is crammed likr n sardine tin — a full one. It is a stuffy little hole, and smells perceptibly and strongly of onions. ? Combington boasts a municipality and a splendid Street, and if she doesn't soon got a decent school of arts or town hall, or something of the kind, she will soon cease to be the hub of remote New South Wales, and simply sink to the position of a -second-rate country village. Nor will Imperial opera companies visit her more. She will have to rest content with an odd circus now and then, or a band of open-air acrobats. At last the curtain drops, and the musical critic of the Rainier doc-lares loudly that' By JehosophRl '. he never saw the thing done better in Parrep itself. ' ' This, with a severe glance at the editor of the Star, who doesn't employ aa expert, but dues his own criticising. Then he rises and goes out to see a man. Others, who have acquaintances at the Royal over the way, follow his example When they return, the oniony smell is qualified. Act II. — ' Drawing-room in Don Bolero's Castle,' Mouttrouk (' Chief of Moors, betrothed t-- Girofla ') be-whigged, be- whiskered, padded, and armed to the teeth with a tin scimitar, frigh tens the wits out of his father-iu-law, old lion Bolero, whose reference to 'long beers,' 'tele- * grams from Sydney,' &c;, kc. would rather a6tonish the author, conld he be present, and able to recognise his oj-era. The stage is so crowded with pirates, Moors, guests, bridesmaids, and others. that, really, it is difficult, unless well acquainted beforehand with the motif of the thins, to know what they are all doing, or what is going on. It is more than probable that, at the finish, a majority of the audience feels inclined to echo the query of a spectator -who, ou being asked Low he liked it, replied.— ' Oh, splendid ! first rate ! They made a devil of a row ! But what the dickens was it all about? ' But that the Imperial Opera Company is earning its money there can be no doubt. Ihe'v all work with a will. Don Bolero is the life ami soul of the affair ; and but for him. except, per haps, the gentleman from ' Parree '' and n few others of the eognoxeenti, it would fall rather flat. It is a cold winter's night, and yet the Dou is perspiring freely, and the rouge is trickling in rivulets down his cheeks. His jokes, quips,' re torts, gags, puns, and equivoque keep the audi ence in good humour. Want of space and suitable music is ;i grca* handicap to both performers and audiom-e.' In two hours and a half, ono can have quite enough of a crowd of people, acting at cluse quarters. practically without scenery : also of the noise of n grand pianoforte, which is apt to beconir mono tonous and pall. With all these disadvantages, however, they -l* their very beat, and conscientiously attempt to interpret their theme to a not over denionstritiv house. The reserved orchestra stalls mvoi applaud, not because they are unable to duly o.«ti mate the beauty of the music and of many of tln- songs, but because somebody h;is told than iiv.il ii is 'bad form.' The stalls naturally follow their example. So it happens that upon the back seats devolves the task of giving that encouragement so dear t-i the actor's heart, whether only a wandering star or a planet of the first magnitude. This may possibly account for the use of so much that appeals to the gods especially, ;.m-l is calculated to ' bring them down.' By the time the third act, for which thesa i-n- scenery serves, is half through people begin h- yawn and to glance at their watches. Two little girls and a little boy are fast asleep. insensible to either the roaring of Mourzouk ;md Marasquin, the capers of Don Bolero, or tho warbling of Girofla. 'How would you like your mash a-bellcrin' in yer earhole like that!'' remarks a youth on iln: back seats to his companion, as a duet between the lovers comes to a conclusion . * ' I'd pretty quick let 'im 'ave somethink for 'imself,' replies the fair one disgustedly. 'It aint manners.' From which it may be gathered that cmni- opera is not as yet quite understanded of or appreciated by the populace in parts remote. Like many other things, it wants educating up to. But it is all over at last. Don Bolero and tin Twins, Aurore, Mocrs, pirates, and all the rest of them strike attitudes and the old curtain fulls. Let us hope that the strollers will have ;i froo.il reception and a better workshop at their m\t place of call. Aud, above all, let us hope tlmi ' the ghost will walk,' and vigorously, after 1lii attack on Combington. 