\ADA THE LILYs By H. RIDER HAGGARD. Copybight, IS91, By H. Riser Haggard. (all bights reserved.) CHAPTER XXIV.— (Continued.) Now it ip, my tamer, me wnite men come into the story -whom we named the Amsboons, bat yon call the Boera. On ! I think ill of " those Amaboona, though it was I who gave them the victory over Dingaan — I and Umslopo- ciss. . . _ Before this time, indeed, a'-few white nies hBd come to and fro to the kraals of Chaka and Dingaan. but these came to pray aod not to light. Now the Boers both fight and pray, also they steal, or gged to, which I do not nnderstand, for ihe prayers of you white men say that these things should not be done. Well, when I had been back from the Ghost Mountain something less than a moon, the Boers came, sixty .of them commanded by a captain named Betief, a big man, and armed with roers — the long guns they had in those days — or, perhaps they numbered a hundred in all, counting their servants and after-riders. Ibis was their purpose ; to get a grant oi the land in Natal that lies between the Tagela and the Umzimonbn rivers, But, by my counsel and -that of other iodnnas, Dingaan bargained with the Boers that first they shoold attack a certain chief named Sigomyela, who had e+nlari fha kino's ftfld who lived near the Qnatblamba Mountains, and bring back the cattle. This the Boers agreed to, and went to attack the chief, and in a little while they came back again, having destroyed the people of Sigomyela, and driving his cattle before them as well as those which had been stolen from the king. The face of Dingaan shone when he raw the cattle, and tbat night be called ns, the council of the Amapakati, to gether, and aBked ns as to the granting of the country. I spoke the first, and said that it mattered little if he granted it, seeing tbat the Black One who was dead had already given it to the English, the People of George, and the end of the matter wonld be tbat the Amaboona and the People of George would fight for the land. Yet the words of the Black One were coming to pass, for already it seemed we could hear the aouud of the running of a white folk who should eat up the kingdom. How, when I had spoken thas the heart of Dingaan grew heavy and his face dark, for my words stuck in his breast like a barbed spear. SHU, he made no answer, but dismissed the coun cil On the morow the king promised to Dgntbe paper giving the lands they aaked for to the Boers, and ell was smooth as water when there is no wind. Before the paper was signed the king gave a great dance, for there were many raiments gathered at the kraal, and for three days this dance went on, hat on the third day he dismissed the regiments, all except one, an impi of lads, who were commanded to stay. Now, all this while I wondered what was in the mind of. Dingaan and was afraid for the Ama boona. Bat he was secret, and told nothing except to the captains of the regiment alone — no, not even to one of his council. Yet I knew that he planned Mil, and was half inclined to warn the Captain Retief, bat did not, fearing to make myself foolish. Ah ! my father, If I had spoken, how many wonld have lived who soon were dead ! Bat what does it matter 1 In any case most of them would have been dead by now. Onthefourth morning, early, Dingaan Kni s messenger to the .Boers, bidding , them meet him in the cattle kraal, for , there he wonld mark the paper. So they ome, stacking their gonB at the gate of tile kraal, for it was death fomny men, - white or black, to come armed before the presence of the king. Now, my father, the kraal Umgoguodhlova was buitt ina great circle, after the faahion - of royal kraals. First came the high outer fence, then the thousands of hnts that ran three parts round between the great fence and tile inner one. Within this inner fence the large open space, big enough to hold five regiments, and at the top of it. \---opposite the entrance — stood the cattle kraal itself, that cut off a piece of the P® space by another fence bent like a' ww. Behind this again were the Emr fotaii, the place of the king's womeo, the guard-house, the labyrinth, and Ihe In- twnbrtu, the house of the king. Dingaan tame out on that day and sat on a stool in front of the cattle kraal, and by him ttood a man holding a shield over his head to keep the son from him. Also we the Amapakati, the council, were wore, and ranged round the fence of the ®PMe, armed with short stlckB only— not !th kerries, my father — was that regi ment of young men which Dingaan had not sent away, the captain of the regi ment being stationed near to the king, on the right. Presently the Boera came in on foot walked up to the king io a body, and Dingaan greetedthem well andshook : minds i with Retief, their captain. Then «etief drew the paper from a leather; pouch which set out the grant of &ndj; and it waa translated to tbeking -by- an interpreter. Dingaan said tbat it', was ?!!j "J?3 Put his mark upoD it, and Rstief m-, t Don were pleased, and aniedacrosB their faces. Now they onld have said farewell,' buirDingaan wrhade them, saying that ihey toust ® yet : first theymu8t«tnand see wtoieis dance a little, and he com- . - j manded dishes of boiled flesh which had been maderbadyandiiowle of milk to be brought to them. Bnt the Boers said thBt they had already eaten; still, they drank of the.- milk, passing the bowls from hand tobaind. Now the regimefit began to dance, singing the Ingoma, that is a war chant of us Zulus, my father, and the Boers drew back towards the centre "of"the apace to give thesoldielrs room to .dance in. It was at this moment that I heard Dingaan give an order to a messenger to ran swiftly to the white-Doctor of Prayers, who was staying without the kraal, telling hlin not to be afraid, .and I wondered what this might mean, for why shonld the Prayer Doctor fear a dance such as he had often seen before t Presently -Dingaan rose, and, followed byall, walked'ihrongh the. press to where Captain ...Betifef stood, and bade him farewell, shaking him by the hand and bidding him hanibla. gachle, to go in peace. Then be turned ; aod walked back again towards the gate- Way which led to Ids royal house, and il saw that near this entrance -stood the captain of the regiment; as one -stands who waits for ordera Then of a sadden, my father, Dingaan stopped and cried with a loiid voice, BulaLani Abatakati !' (slay the wizards), aod having. cried it, he covered' hie '--bee -with the Corner of -hie blanket,, and passed behind the fence. -We, "the councillors, stood astounded like men who had become stone ; but before we could speak or act the captain of the regiment had also cried aloud, ' Bulalani Abatakati/' and the signal had been canght up from every -ride. Theo, my father, came a yell aod a rush of thousands of feet, and through the clouds of dost we saw the soldiers hurl themselves opon the Amaboona, and above the shouting we heard the sound of falling sticks. The Amaboona drew their knives aod fooght bravely, but be fore a man conld count a hundred twice it was done, and they -were being dragged, some few dead, but the moat yet living, towards ihe gates of the kraat and oat on to (he Hill of Slaughter, and there, on the Hill "of Slaughter, they were mssacrad, every one of them. Howl Ah! Twill not tell you — they were massacred and piled in a heap, and that was the end of their etory, my father. Now I and theothercouncillors tnrned away and walked silently towards the house of the king. We found him standing before his great hat, and, lift ing oar hands, we saluted him silently- saying no word. It was Dingaan who spoke, laogbing a little as he spoke, like a man who is uneasy in his mind. ' Ah, my captains,' he said, ' when thp vultures plumed themselves this mornr iog and shrieked to the sky for blood, they did not look for such a feast as I have given them. And yon, my captains you little guessed how great a king the Heavene have set to rule over you, not how deep is the mind of the king that watches ever over hie people's welfare. Now the land is free from the White Wizards ot whose footsteps the Black One croaked aa he gave up the spirit, or soon shall be, for this is but a beginning! Ho ! Messengers !' and he turned th some who stood behind him, 'away swiftly to the impis who are gathered behind the mountain, away to themj bearing the king's word to the captainsj This is the king's word : tbat the regi ments ran to the land of Natal and slay the Boers there, wiping them oat, man, Woman, and child. Away !' Now the messengers cried ont the royal salute of BayeU, and, leaping for ward like 'spears from J the hand of the thrower, were gone at once. But we, the councillors, the members of the Amapakati, etill stood silent. Then Dingaan spoke again, addres sing me— ' Is thy heart at rest now, Mopo, son of Makedama f Ever hast thou bleated in my ear of thiB white people and of the deeds that they- shall do, and lo ! I -have blown upon them with my .-breath and they. arergone. Bay,- Mppp, are the Amaboona wizards yonder all dead 1 If any be left alive, I desire to speak with one of them.' .Then ! looked Dingaan in the face and, spoke. ' They are all dead, and thou, O King, thou also art Head.' ' It were -well for thee, thon dog,' said -Dingaan, 1 that thon make thy meaning plain.' ' Let the king pardonme,'! answered; ' this is my meaning. Thou canst not kill these white men, for they are not of one race, bnt of many races, and the Be a is their home, they rise ont of the black water. Destroy those that are here, and others shall come to avenge tbem, more 'and mora and more! Now thon hastsmitten in thy hodr ; in theirs they shall smite in tarn. Now they lie low in blood at toy-hand ; in a day to come, O-Ring, thon shilt lie low in blood at theirs. Madness has taken bold pf thee, O King, that thon bast done this thing, and the . fruit of thy madness shall be thy :ldeath. X have spoken, - 1, who am the 'king's, servant. Let the will of ihe king be"done.' Then I stood waiting to be killed, for, my father, iu the fary of my heart at the wickedness whiohhad been worked I conld not hold back- my- words. Thrice Dingaan looked on me with a terrible bee, and yet there was bar In his -face striving with its rage, and T waited calmly to see which would conquer, the fear or the rage. When at last hespoke it was one word; 'GaV not three words; Take him away' So I went yet living, aod with me went the councillors, leaving the Mag alone. I went with a heavy heart, my father, for of all the evil'eighte that I have seen; it seemed to me that this was the most evil — that the Amaboona shonld .-be; slaughtered tons treacheronsiy, and that the impis shoiildbesent ont treacherously, to murder those that were left of them, together, with their women and children. Ay. and they slew— siihnodred of them did they slay— yonder in Weenen. the. plaee of weeping. ' Say, my father, why does the Unku- iunkulnwho rite in the/Heavens, above -allow such thugs to-be dohson the earth beneath! I have heard the preaching of the white men, and they say that 'they iknowallabout Htm— that His -names' are Power and Mercy 'and - Love. . Why, then, does Heeuffer theae thlngs ; to be done— why does- Hs.eaffer>ench men as Ghslht'brid Dingaan to' torment the nsbpIA-Of the.oprth, and in the jond give them bat medeathforsllthsihousands that they have given to others! Because of the wipfcbdness of thupeoplea, yousayj bnt no, no, that cannot -be, - for .do.- not the guiltless go with the'gniltyay'do not .the innocent.ohildren perish .by the handled! Perchance toerela 'another answer,' though who am I, my bther, thafcflj in. my folly, -Should strive to search-out the way of the Unsearchable! Perchance it is but part of a great plan, a littlepiece of that pattern of which I spoke— the pattern on the cop that hoidathe waters of His wisdom. Wow! -I do .nbttinderstand, who am bnt a wild man, nor have I fonnd . more knowledge in- the hearts of you tamed white people. I You know many things, but of these yon do not know : you cannot tell us 9 whafwewere an hour before birth, nor Swhatwetoalltoe datf-hoursa&er; death, Inor why we were born,. nor why we die. Youfi»n_only_h6pB 'Rnd'bkfteVo— that frr Jail, - and - perhapB, . my father, before Ymmy-days-are -sped r I—shall _be_wisar_ than all of yon. Fori am very aged, the fire of my life rinks low — it burns In my brain alone; there is it still bright, but Boon that will go ont also, and then perhaps I shall understand. .CHAPTER XXV. THE WAR WITH THE HALAKAZI PEOPLE. Now, my bther, I must tell of how Umslopogaas the Slaughterer and Galazi the Wolf fared in their war against the People of the Halakazi. When I had gone from the shadow of the Ghost Mountain, Umslopogaas snmmoned a gathering of all his headmen, and "told tbem it was his desire tbat the People of the Axe should no longer be a little people, that they shonld grow great and namber their cattle by tens of thous ands. The headmen asked how this might be broaght about — wonld he then make war on Dingaan the king! Umslopogaas answered no, he would win the favonr of the king thus : and he told them of the Lily maid and of the Halakazi tribe in Swaziland, and of how he wonld go up against that tribe. Now, some of the headmen said yea to this and some said nay, and the talk ran high and lasted till the evening. Bat when the evening was come Umslopogaas rose and it was his will that they should go up against the Halakazi. If there . was any man there who would gainsay his will, let him stand forward and do battle' with him, - and he who conquered should order all things. To this there was no answer, for there were few who cared to'facethe beak of Groan-Maker,- -and 'to it - come abont that it was agreed that the People of the Axe should go np againBt the Halakazi, and Umslopogaas sent out messengers to summon every fighting- man to his side. But when Zinita, his wife, came to hear of the matter she was angry, and upbraided Umelopogaae, and heaped enrses on me, Mopo, whom she knew only as the month of DiGgaan, because, as she said truly, I had pnt this scheme into the mind of the Slaughterer. ' What !' she went on, ' do yon not live . here in peace and plenty, and mnst yon go to make war on those who have not harmed yon ; there, perhaps, to perish or to come to other ill ! Yon say yon do this to win a girl for Dingaan and to find favonr in bis sight. Has not Dingaan girls more than he can count ? It is more likely that, wearying of ns, your wives, yon go to get girls for yourself, Bulalio; and as for finding favonr, rest quiet, so shall yoa find most bvonr. If the king sends his Impis -against yon, then it will be time to fight, O fool witb little wit 1' Thns Zinita spoke to him, very roughly — for she always blurted out what was in her mind, and Umslopogaas conld not challenge her to battle. So he must bear her talk as best he might, for it is often .thns, my_f ather, J.hatthe„.greatest ..men grow small enough in their own hats. Moreover, he knew that it was because Zinita loved him that she -spoke so bitterly. Now, on toe third day all the fighting- men were gathered, and there might have been two thousand of them, good men and brave. Then Umelopogaaa went ont and spoke to them, telling them of this adventure, and Galazi the Wolf was with him. They listened rilently, and it was plain to see; that, as in toe case of the headmen, some of them thought one thing and some another. Then Galazi spoke to them briefly, telling them that he knew the roads and the caves and the nnmber of the Halakazi cattle ; bnt still they donbted. Thereon Umslopogaas added these words — ' To- morrow, at the dawn, I, Bulalo, Holder of the Axe, Chief of the People of toe Axe, go np against the Halakazi, with Galazi the Wolf, my brother. If bnt ten men follow ns, yet we will sgo. Now, choose, you soldiers ! Let thofee come who will, and let those .who -will stop at home with the ' women and the HttlS'Children.' Now a:great shout rose from every throat. ' We will go with yon, Bulalio, to victory or death 1' So on the morrow they marched, and there was writing among toe women of the People of the Axe. Only Zinita did not wail, bnt stood by In wrath, for bidding evil; nor wonld she bid her lord farewell, yet when he was gone she wept. Now, Umslopogaas and his impi travelled fast and far, hungering and thirsting, till at length they came to the land of toe Umswazi, and after a while ehtered the territory of the Halakazi by a high-and narrow: pass. The - fear of Galazi the Wolf was that they Shonld find this pass held, for tooqgfr they had harmed none in the kraal as they went, and taken only enough cattle to feed themselves, yet he -knew well that messengers had sped by day and night to wsira toe speople- of the Ha'akazi. But they fonnd ho man in 'toe pass, "End on toe other side of it they rested, for 'the night waBfar -spent. At dawn Um- riopogaas looked out over the 'wide plains beyond, and Griazi'showBd hima : lohg low hill two hoars' march away, ' There, my -brother,' he -said, '.lies the head' kraal of the Halakazi, .where I was born, and In that >1x111 is the -great cave.1 Then they we nt on, and. before the sun was high the pame to. the crest of a rise, and heard "the sound of horns on its farther side. 'They stood hppn the rise, .-and looked, and lo l.yet far offj but -running towards - tbem, was toe Whole impi of toe Halakazi, arid it-was a great impi. , .'They have gathered their .strength Indeed,' said Galazi. 'For every -man of ours there are three of these Swazie!' " The toldie"re.iBaw:Z(il jind the cojirage of, some of 'toem" eta£1ow. ThereUm- "Slopctos Spoke to them — ' Yonder, are the Swazl „ dogs; my children ;"toey' are lrifany Sudfe are bnt few. Yet; '-shall .it Be told! that we, men of the Zulu blood, were hanted by a pack of Swaa doge! 6hal| our women and children sing that song In onr ears, O, Soldiers of the An !t . Now some cried 'Never!' bnt |Bome were 8tent; so Umslopogaas epoke again— \ Tarn back all who will : there is yet time. Tarn back all who will, but ye who are men come forward with me. Or if ye will, go back all of yon, and leave Axe Groan-Maker and (Sub Watcher Aosee: this-matteE ontrtbm?.' ; —Now there rose a mighty shout of 'We will-dieSether, we who Shave liyod togriihir.!' 'C. .. . . ADaypn simar.it JlcaefljDinBlopofeaaa, hoHIrisfGfoan-Malrer' on' high. 'We swear it by toe Axe!' they answered. Then Umslopogaas and Galazi made- ready for the battle. They posted all; the young men in the broken ground above the bottom of the slope, for these, conld best -be .spared for /toe -spear, and' Galazi toe Wolf took' tommand of them : bnt the veterans stayed upon the hill-i side, and with them Umslopogaas, Now toe Halakazi came on, and there- were four fall regiments of toem. The . plain was black with them, the air was. xent with .toeir-.-ghpntinge, and their spears flashed like lightning. On"! the farther ride of the slope they halted aod sent a herald forward to demand: -what the People of the Axe wonld have- from them. The Slaughterer answered 'that they wonld have three things : First, toe bead of their chief, whose place Galazi shonld fill henceforth ; secondly, tbat fair maid whom men named; the Lily; thirdly, a thousand bead of cattle. H -these thiogs were granted, then he would spare them, toe Halakazi ; if not-, he would stamp them oat and take a'L So the herald retnrned, and when he reached the ranks -of toe . Halakazi he called' aloud-his answer. Then a .great roar of laughter went up from- the Halakazi -regiments, a rear that shook the earth. The -brow of Umslopogaas the Slaughterer burned red beneath 'he black when be heard it, . apd he shook Groan-Maker -towards tb'eii- host. - . ' Ye shali.eing.iaaDther-'SOog before , this sun is set,' he cried, and strode . along the. ranks speakiog to this man , and that -by name, ahdTifting-up - .their . uotius wtbu greati wuriio. Nowthe HaUkazl-raieed a -shout, and -charged to- come-at-the young -men led by Galazi the Wolf ; but beyond the foot of the slope was peaty ground, and they came through it heavily, and as toey came Galazi and the young men fell upon them and slew them ; still they might not hold -tbem back for long, because of their great numbers, and presently the battle raged all along the slope. Bnt so well did Galazi handle the yonng men, and so fiercely did they fight beneath his eye, that before they could be killed or driven back all toe force of the Halakazi was doing battle with them. Ay, and twice Galazi charged with snch as he could gather, and twice he checked the Halakazi rush, throwing toem into confusion, till at length company was mixed - with com- jany and regiment with regiment. But t might not endure, for now more than half the young men were down, and the rest were being pushed back op the bill,. fighting madly. "Now, all this while Umelopogaae and the veterans sat In their ranks upon the brow of the'elope and watphed. 'Those .Swazi dogs have a fohl for their general,' qdoth Umslopogaas. !'He has no men deft to -fall -back, on, —and Galazi -has broken his array and mixed hie regi ment as milk and cream are mixed in a bowl. They areno longer an impi, toey are a mob.' Now the veterans moved restlessly on their haunches, pushing their lege ont and drawing them ioagain. Theyglanoed at the fray, they looked into each other's eyes and spoke a word here, a word there, 'Well smitten, Galazi ! Wow ! that one le down ! A brave lad ! Ho ! a good clnb is the Watcher 1 The fight draws near, my brother!' And ever as toey spoke their faces grew fiercer aod their fingers played with their'sps&rs.; At Length a captain called aloud to Umslopogaus— ' Say, Slaughterer, is it not time to be up and doing ! The grass is wet to sit on, aod onr limbs grow cramped.' ' Wait awhile,' answered Umelopo gaaa Let tbem weary - of their .play. Let them weary, I tell yon.' As he spoke the Halakazi huddled themselves together, and with a rash drove back Galazi and those who were ' left of the young men.. Yes, at last they were forced to flee,-. aikidaSret them came the Swazie, and in the forefront was their chief, ringed round with a circle of hie bravest. Umelopogaae saw it and bounded to his feet, roaring tike a bull. ' At them now, wolves !' he shouted. Then toe line sprang np as a wave springs, and their crests were like ihe foam on toe wave. As a wave tfrat swells to -break they roseVaddebly, ' like a breaking wave they ponred down the slope, In . front of them was the Slaughterer, holdine Groan-Maker aloft, and oh ! his feet were swift, So swift were bis feet that, strive ae they would, he .outran them by the half of <a spear'g-throw. Galazi heard the thunder of their rash ; he looked round, aod as he looked, lo! toe Blanehterer swept -Da it .him. rnnoing like a buck. T&en;'Galazi, too," bounded forward, and the Wolf-Brethren aped down the. hill, toe length of four spears between them. The Halakazi also saw and heard,- and strove to gather them- eelveB together to meet the rush. In front of Umslopogaas was their chief, a great man hedged about with assegais. Straight at the shield-hedge drove - Umslopogaas, and a score of Bpearswere lifted to greet hlin, a score of shields heaved into toe air — this was a fence , that none might pass alive. Yet wonld the Slaughterer pins it— and alone ! See ! he steadies bis pace, be gathers hlmsrif together, and now he leaps! High into the alr he leaps ; _hls feet knock the heads'of the' warriors and rattle against the crowns of toeir shields. They smlte upwards with the spear, jfout he has iwept'ovpr thrin likeaawooping „blrdf :hik".'jBwept ;;byei::tbeiinhe bos lit — audiuow thephirid-keclge guards two chiefs. .-t-But '.not for. loiUg. Ga ! Groan-Maker is aloft; he foils— nor shield, nor axe, nor Swazi skull may etay hls stroke, all are cleft through, and the Halakazliack a leafier. . The' Bhirid-ring wheels in nppn ' itself. Fools ;1 Galazi le.npon you ! What was that! Look,nowl see how many bones ate .left . unbroken- In him whom 'the' Watcher foils' on fall ! What ! — -another down ! Close np, shield-men- — close up ! A1 ! are yon fled ! Ah 1 thewavehas fallen o'n thebeach. Listen to ' its roaring— listen . to the roaring -of the shields ! Stand, you men of toe Halakazi— stand 1 Surely they are but a few. So I it le done ! By the head of Obaka ! toey " break— they are j pushed back — now the wave of slaughter seethes along the sands — now the foe is 'swept' like floating weed, and from all toe line-there comes a hissing like the hissing of thin waters. ' S"gee ! says' the Has. > S'ga; ! S'gee !' There, my- father, I am old. What have I to do with the battle any more, with toe battie and its joy ! Yet it Is better to die in such a fight -as that than, to live any other way. I have seen such —I have - seen .many such. -Oh! -we conld fight when 1 wasa man, my father, but Oone'that I -knew could ever 'fight tike Umslopogaas toe Slaughterer, soo of Chaka, aod his blood-brother Galazi toe- Wolf! So,- so ! 'toey -swept them away, those Halakazi ; they swept them as a maid sweeps the doat of a hut, as the wind s weeps the withered leaves. It -waeouon-done -when-once begun. -Gome were fled and some were dead, and this waa the end of that fight. No, no, not of all the fight. The Kalahari were worsted in toe field, but many lived to win the-great cave, andtoere the work must be finished. Thither, then, weot the Slaihterer .presently, .with -each of his impi ae" was left to him. Alas ! inanv were slain ; but how conld they have died better than in that fight! Also those that were left were as good as all,' for now toey knew that they 'shonld not he overcome easily while.Axe and Clnb still led toe way. \- Now they stood before a hill, measur ing, perhaps, three thouaand paces round its base. It was of no great height, and yet nnclimbable,-for, after a man had gone up a little way, the rides of it were . sheer, offering no foothold except to the rock-rabbits and the lizards. No one was to be seen without this hill, nor In the great kraal of the Halakazi that lay to the east of it, and yet the ground abont was trampled with the hoofs of ! oxen and the feet of men, and from within the mountain came the sound of lowing cattle. ' Here ie'the nest of the Halakazi,' \- quoth Galazi the Wolf. ' Here is the nest Indeed,' said Umslo pogaas ; ' but bow shall we come at the eggstosuck tbem ! There areno branches to this tree.' ' But there is a hole in the trnnk !' Answered the Wolf. 'Now, he led them a little way till they came to a place where the soli was trampled aB it is at the entrance to a cattle kraal, and they saw that there was a low cave which led into the clifl; like an archway each as yon white men bnild. Butthis archway was filled up with great blocks of stone placed upon each other in snch a fashion that it conld not be forced from without. After the cattle were driven in it had -been filled op. ' We -cannot enter here,' said Galazi. ' Follow me.' So them followed him, and came to the north side of the monntaiD,and there two -spear- casts away, a soldier was standing. Bnt when he saw them he vanished suddenly. . ' There is the place,' said Galazi, 'and the fox has gone to earth in it.' Now toey ran to the spot and saw a .little hole in the rock, scarcely bigger than an ant-bear'a barrow, and . through the hole came -sonnds -and some light. . 'Now,, where is the-hymna who will tiy a new burrow !' cried Umslopogaas. 'A hundred head -of cattle to the man who "-wins through dnd clears -the way ! Then two young men sprang forward who were flushed with victory and desired nothing more'than to make a great name and "win cattle, crying — . '"Here Sire hyaenas, Bulalio.' To earth, then !' said Umslopogaae, '.arid 'let him "who wins through hold the path a while ttll others follow. The two yonng men sprang at the hole, and 'he who reached it ' first went down npon his hands and knees and crawled in, lying on hisbhield and hold ing his spar before him. For "a little while the light in the hole vanished, and they heard the sound of his crawliiig. Then came the noise of blows, and once more light crept through the hole. The mail woo uctiu. 'This one had a bad shake, said the. second man ! . ' his snake deserted him. Let me see if mine is better.' So down he went on his bands and knees, and -crawled as. the first had-doue, only he pnt his shield oyer ' his head. For a while toey heard him crawling, then once more came the sound of blows echoing on toe ox-htde'shield, and after the blows groans. He was dead also, yet it eeemed'-to&f; toeyhaHleft hie body in tiiB bole, ' for ho light came . through. This was the cause, my father : when toey struck the man he had -wriggled back a little way and died there, and none had entered from the farther side to drag him ont Nowthe soldiers stared at the mouth oftoebole;and none seemed to love toe look- of 'it; for this was but a' poor way to die. Umslopogaas and Galazi also -looked at it; thinking. ' Now,T ;am named Wolf,' said Galazi, ' and a wolf should not fear toe dark ; also, these are my people, and I mnst be the first to visit them, 'and he went down ou hls hands and knees without more ado. Bnt Umslopogaas, baring peered once more down toe burrow, said : ' Hold, Galazi ; I will go first ! I have a plan. Do you follow me. And yon, my child ren, shont loudly, so that none may hear ns -move ; and if we win through, follow swiftly, for we cannot hold the mouth of the place for long. Hearken, also 1 This Is my counsel to -you : if I fall choose another chief — Galazi toe Wolf, if he is still living.' 'Nay, Slaughterer, name 'me not,' said the wolf, for together we will live or die.' So letit be, Galari. Then choose yfbd Some other man and 'try this road no more, for if we cannot (pass -it .none can, hntseek food and sit- down here till thwejarimls bolt; then be Yeady. Farewell, bhlldreti P 'Farewell, father,' they answered, 'go warily, lest we he left without a head, wandering and desolate.' Then Umslopogaas crept into the hole, taking .so.- shield, but holding Groan-Maker : before him, and at his heels crept' Galazi. Wben be bad gone the length -of six spears be stretched ont his hand, and, as he trusted to do, he fonnd toe foot of that man who had gone before and 'died in the place. Then UmBlopogaas the wary did this : he pat his head beneath the dead , man's legs and tornst himself onward till all the bodywas-onhU back, and there he held, it with one hand, gripping its two wrists in his hand. Then he crawled forward a little space and saw that he waa com ing to the inner- month of the burrow, bnt that toe shadow was deep there because of a great mass of rock which lay before the burrow shutting out the light. ' This is well for me,' thought Umslopogaas, for now they will not know the dead from the living. £ may yet look upon toe tua-ngoic.9 Now he heard the Halakazi soldiers talking with out. ' The Zulu rate do not love this ran,' said one, they fear the rat-catcher's stick. This is good sport,' and' a man langhed. Then UmBlopogaas , pushed himself forward as swiftly as he could, holding the dead man on bis tack and suddenly came out of the hole lnto'the open place in toe dark shadow of toe great rock. By toe Lily,' cried a soldier, ' here's a thlnd I Takethat, Zulu rat!' -and he struck the dead man heavily with, a kerrie. 'And that!' cried another, driving bis spear toroogb him so that it pricked Umslopogaas beneath. ' And that ! and that ! and that !' Bald others, as they smote and stabbed. Now Umslopogaas -groaned heavily In the deep shadow and lay stilL 'No need to waste more blows,' said toe man who had struck first. This one will never go back to Zulaland, and I thiok that few will care to follow him. Let ns make an end : ran, some of you, and find stones to stop toe burrow, for nowthe Bport is done.' He turned as he spoke and eo did the others, and this was what the Slaughterer sought. With a swift movement; he freed himself from the dead man and sprang to hieieet. They beard the aonnd and turned again, but as they tnrned Groan-Maker pecked softly, and that man who had sworn by the Lily was no more a man. Then UmBlopogaas leaped forwards, and, bounding on to the great rock, stood there like a buck against the nlrv ' A Zulu rat is not so easily slain, 0 ye weasels !' he cried, as they came at him from all sides at once with a roar. He smote to the right and the left, and eo swiftly that men conld scarcely see the blowB fall, for he struck with Groan-Maker's beak. But though men scarcely saw the blows, yet, my father, men fell beneato them. Now foes were all around, leaping up at the Slaughterer as rushing water leaps to hide a rock — everywhere Bhone spears, thrusting at him from this side and from that. Those in front and to the side Groan- Maker served to stay, bnt one wounded Umslopogaas in the neck, and another was lifted to pierce his back when the strength of its holder was bowed to the dust — to the dnst, to become of the dnst. For now the Wolf was through the hole, and the Watcher grew very busy ; he was so busy that soon the back of the Slaughterer had nothing more to fear — yet those had much to fear who stood behind his back. Thepairfonght bravely, making a great Slaughter, and presently, one by one, plumed heads of the People of the Axe showed through the hole and strong arms mingled in the fray. Swiftly they came, leaping into battle as others leap to the water — now there were ten of toem, now there were twenty — and now the Halakazi broke and fled, since they did not bargain for this. Then the rest of the Men of the Axe came through in peace, and the evening grew towards the dark before all had passed the hole. CHAPTER XXVL the finding of nad a. Umslopogaas marshalled hie compan ies. ' There is little light left,' he said, ' but it mustserve us to start these conies from their burrows. Come, my brother Galazi, you know where the conies hide, take my place and lead ns.' So Galazi led the impi. Taming a corner of toe gleD, he came with them to a great open space that had a fountain io its midst, and this place was fall of thousands of cattle. Then be turned again to the ieft, and brought them to . . - v a il. A.:_ 1 cne inner siae or rae mouauiia, wuere the cliff hung over, and here was the mouth of a great cave. Now, the cave was dark, bat by its door was stacked a pile of resinous wood to serve as torches. ' Here is that which shall give ue light,' said Galazi, and one man of every two took a torch and lit it at a fire that horned near the month of the cava Then they rushed in, waving the flaring torches and with assegais aloft. Here for toe last time the Halakazi stood "against them, and thetorcheB floated np and down upon the wave of war. But they did not stand for very long, for all the heart was out of them. Wow ! yee, many were killed — I do not know how many. I know this only, that the Halakazi are no mora a tribe since Um slopogaas, who 1b named Bulalio, stamped them with his feet — they are nothing but a name now. The people of the A-r« drove them ont into the open and finished the fight by starlight among the cattle. Inone comer of thecave Umslopogaas gaw a knot of men clustering round something as though to guard it. He TUBhed at the men and with him went Galazi and others. Bat when Umslopo gaas was through,, by the light of his torch he saw a tall and slender man, who -leaned against the wall of the care and held a shield before his face. ' You are a coward !' he cried, and smote with . Groan-Maker. The great axe pierced the hide, but, missing the head behind, rang londly, against the rock, and as it struck a Bweet voice said— ' Ah ! soldier, do not kill me ! Why are ypn angry with me !' Now toe shield' had come away from Its holder's hands upon toe' blade of the i axe, and there was something in the notes of toe voice thatcaused Umslopo- jgaas to smite no jmpre-:. it was asthougt il a memory of childhood had come to bio in a dream. His torch was burning low, bnt he thrnet it forward to look at him who crouched against the rock. The dress was the dress of a man, but1 this 'was no man's form — nay, rather that of a lovely woman, and wellnigh white in colour. She dropped her hands' -from before her face, and now he saw her Well. He saw eyes that shone like stars, hair that curled and foil upon toe shoulders, and such beauty as was not known among onr people. And as the voice bad epoken to htm of something that was lost, eo did the eyes seem to shine across the blackness of many years, and the beauty to bring back he knew not what. He looked at the girl in all her love- lines, and she looked at him in hie fierceness and hie might; red .with -war and wounds. Tbey both looked long, while the torchlight flared on them, on the walk of the cave, and the broad blade of Groan-maker, and from aronnd rose the Bounds of the fray. ' How am you named, who are so fair to seef he asked at length. ' I am named the Lily now : once I had another name. Nada, daughter of Mopo, I was once ; hut name and all else are dead, and I go to join toem. Kill me and make cm end. I will shnt my eyes, that I may not see the great axe flask' Now Umslopogaas gazed npon her again, and Groan -Maker fell from hie hand. ' 'Look on me, Nada, daughter of Mopo,' he said io a low voice ; ' look at me and say who am I.' She looked once again and yet again. Now her face was throat forward as one who gazes over the edge of the world ; it grew fixed and strange. ' By my heart,' she eatd, ' by my heart, yon are Umriopogaa8, ay brother who is dead, and whom dead as firing I have loved ever and alone.' Then the torch flared ont, bnt Um elopogaae took her in the darkness and pressed her to him and kissed her, the ekter whom he found after many years, and she kissed him. Yon kiss me now,' she said, ' yet not long ago tbat great axe shore my locks, missing me but a finger's-breadth — and still the sound of fighting rings In my ears ! Ah ! a boon of yon, my brother — a boon : let there be no more death since we are met once more. The people of the Halakazi are conqaered, and it is their jost doom, for thus, in this same way, tbey killed those with whom I lived before. Yet they have treated me well, not forcine me into wedlock, and protecting me from Dingaan ; so spare them, my brother, if yon may.' Then Umslopogaas lifted np his voice, commanding that the killing should cease, and sent messengers rnnning swiftly with these words : ' This is the command of Bulalio : that he who lifts hand againBt one more of the people of the Halakazi shall be killed himself'; and the soldiers obeyed him, though the order came somewhat late, and no more of the HalakazL were brought to doom. They were suffered to escape, except those of the women and children who were kept to be led away as captives. And they ran far that night. Nor did they come together again to be a people, for they feared Galazi the Wolf, who would be. chief over them, but they were scattered wide in the world, to sojourn among strangers. (To be continued.) 