General Items. LAUNCESTON DRAMATIC CLUB. — The popular Launceston Dramatic Club will once more make their appearance before the public in a drama of great patriotic interest, by the popular writers, Messrs Merritt and Pettett. Special attention has been paid to the mounting of the drama, which will be complete in every detail, a splendid mining scene having been specially painted for this production by tbe clever artist, Mr. C. E Long, of the DAILY TELEQBAPU staff, and it speaks well for Mr. Long's ability as a scenic painter in producing a picture with such grand effect, it being Lis initial performance on so large a scale. The cast, which is a strong one, includes those old favourites, Messrs. Dave Bishop, as Laban Brood, a wealthy merchant; Mr. Q-eo. Taylor, as Geo. Seymoar, Brood's senior clerk; Mr. J. T. Can nay, as Mr. John Hope, British Consul in Bolivia; Mr. D. Sullivan, as Captain Dolman; Mr. Wilinson, as Don Andre, a Spanish Governor; and the inimitable Fred Chambers, in the intensely funny character of Fred Faggles, a junior clerk; the lady characters being portrayed by MisB Lillian Carr as May Hope, and Miss Lizzie Scott as Nancy Treat. JUDGES ABD TIIEIB SUMMING-UP.—The daily papers often refer to the summing-up of a judge thus: " The judge summed-up in favor of defendant," or " The judge summed up decidedly against the defendant." Now, what we have to say is this, that as the jury have to try the case and not tbe judge, the latter should confine his remarks solely to points of law, and not let it be seen whether he is for or against the defendant. If we had justice instead of law, as the standard by which to try men, we could do without lawyers aud judges as well, as twelve levelheaded jurymen would have no difficulty in dispensing justice. Its the law that's the puzzler now. It is time the juries had the fixing of the sentences as well as deciding the guilt or otherwise. ABIEUU DAI'S GOOD-BYE.—In a letter to the Examiner on Wednesday, Arthur Day, the " official" agent for a few of Great Britain's manufacturers, also the friend of dukes and princes, says good-bye to his Launceston friends. Why didn't Arthur give another of bis " at home's" as an " official" wind up. Anyhow, we wish you good-bye, Arthur, and don't pile it on too much when you see the old lady. IT may not be generally known that tbe bell used at the railway workshops is the same as was UBed at the convict settlement of Port Arthur in the early days. It is said that one of the old identities obtained employment ip the station yard some time ago ; but upon hearing the tinkling of that bell, the Baid identity took one look around, and then cleared out as fast as bis legs could carry him, and has not since been heard of. The sound of that bell evidently called toind the preparation and administration of he cat. ScROOLB ax LBBBINA AITD Lit YD ALE.— The recently established school at Lebrina, under the-conductorship of Mrs. Williams, is making rapid progress and the children c are being brought on well. People at Inlydale, onithe_other hand,.complain that their; b children are not brought onso fast as they s should be; perhaps the dominee's concern forthefateof Deeming'fl ghost has some-: o thing to dowith it. ' LEFEOY.—You can't get a breakfast in a. "pub" atLefroy on a Sunday witSout running the risk of a 5s. fine and costs. Dear s old law, never loses a chance to pocket a a few " bob." THE FHANCHISE NR Sours AUSIEAMA.— We in South Australia are not so unfavorably situated. So far as facilities for voting are concerned, we are die most-advanced of all the Australian colonies. True, we have still in our midBt the faded anachronism of an Upper Chamber, with its accompanying " property " qualificatiou ; but we have not here, as have our brethren of the other colonies, to fight the hideous spectres of " dual" and " plural" voting. Here at any rate, so far as the popular Chamber is concerned, simple'manhood counts for something, and the principle of." one-man-onevote" holds the field unchallenged.— Adelaide Pioneer. ' . / .i :-<• A MADAME ZEPHEY.—The Gipsy Queen and Deeming Waxworks Tragedy Burlesque Company have been electrifying the usually quiet residents of Longford for a couple of nights this week, with the above novel entertainment, Deeming being hard at work at his bricklaying business, but at Latrobe oh Saturday night and all next week the management say they will be banging him; and until this is thoroughly done the authorities down there should use every precaution to prevent his escape. Whether he will appear in natural or supernatural form on the coast tour after they have done hanging him has not yet been decided. PERSONAL.—Mr. D. M. Baynon, junior partner in the firm of Frank Lloyd and Co., Adelaide, S.A., is paying a flying visit to Tasmania. Mr. Baynon is an old intercolonial oarsman, with whom the once invincible Hanlan desired to arrange to row in pair-oar for the championship of the world. He is an energetic business man, and being a genial and sociable kind of visitor, bus made many friends in the colony. " TnE COASTAL NEWS."—The Ulverstone stipendiary magistrates' champion is to hand. Tbe scribe, who is also evidently business manager, editor, war correspondent, compositor, proof-reader, devil, machinist, and news-boy all in one, says the paper is three years old. This admission is proof positive that tbe coastal people don't appreciate it, for if they did the paper would be somewhat different to what it is after being three years in existence. Tbe public may judge of the twaddle style of the paper when we say that a Clement's tonic "aid" published in each issue is the most interesting reading it contains. With reference to the position we took up in refering to the magistrates at Ulverstone, we see no reason to alter the opinions expressed, and may say that we consider magistrates public servants, and as such liable to public criticism, and when the Democrat considers they are wrong they will get it. We may say the reason we made no further reference to the case was in consideration for the girl, at the request of her friends. We are satisfied that it was through our intervention that the girl's sentence was remitted, notwithstanding anything one-horse coastal papers say to the contrary. WHY go to Western Australia to buy land that will cost you £50 to see, when you can get 5 acre blocks on the Tamar for £1 deposit, and 5s. per week.instalment. Apply this office.—F ADVT.] DULL times seems to be the general cry. if times are bad, and money scarce, you can save considerably by purchasing at Dunning's; they have a magnificent assortment at prices to suit everyone. Blankets, Flannels, Eider Down Quilts, Gloves, Hosiery, Furs, Wraps, Umbrellas, Dress Goods, in tremendous variety. Boys' ready-made Suits and Gents' Clothing a Speciality. Discount for cash.—ADVT. THIS day, and the whole of next week, the Warehousemen's Trading Company will shoiv Seasonable Novelties in New Dress Materials, viz., Tweeds, Sergettes, etc., in all the fashionable shades, 4s. lid., 5s. ild. dozen yards; Schoolroom Cloth, 9d. per yard; Double-width Melton, Is. per yard; Flannelettes, 3s. lid. dozen yards; a lot of Ladies' and Children's Ulsters, 5s. lid., 10s. Gd., 12s. 6d., 15s., worth three times the price; also Gentlemen's Parraniatta Waterproofs in every shape, all at actual wholesale prices. TOWED, Corner Charles and York streets.—ADVT. THE MILLENIUM. — The assets of the EQUITABLE LIFE ASSURANCE SOCIETY OF THE WORLD now amount to ^"28,300,000, and the cash surplus over and above all debts and liabilities to ^"5,400,000. The society's accounts are annually audited by the Government Comptroller of Assurance of the State of New York, and not friends and interested relations. This vast sum is invested in freehold real estate in the various cities in the world, first mortgages one-third the value of the real estate, and United States bonds, besides the amounts deposited with the different Governments of the world as security to the policyholders of their country.—KING O'MALLEY, d Travelling Commissioner.—ADVT. OUB tipster, " Melos," has been very successful iu some of hie anticipations. In h the Handicap Hurdle he gave Ardee his right place; he also gave Ella first and Calstock third in the Trial Stakes. In .the Handicap Steeple he was tbe only tipBter Jin Tasmania who anticipated Sylvester winning that race. " Melos " has no need to be dissatisfied with Ins anticipations; in fact, he seems, to us, to have a very successful career before him. MIHEBS ASS PBOSPECTORB.—Black and Yellow Oiled Coats, doable throughout, 12s, 6d.; trousers ditto, 8S. 6d.; hats, 2s.; sent, carriage paid, to all parts of the country, N. A,_CIIAEE, 93 Brisbane-street. £ S d f £ t £ l 