BOOB MARTIN'S LITTLE GIRL. By DAVID CHRISTIE MURRAY, Author of "Joseph's Goat," "Aunt Rachel/ "Rainbow Gold," &c.;, &o.;, &o.; Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] CHAPTER X. It was. the seventh anniversary oE the marriage of George Redwood and Ellice Green away. The day fell upon a Sunday. The yeoman sat in an old-fashioned high-backed chair after breakfast over his morning pipe and a copy of the Weekly County Journal. He was. already attired for church except [for coat and hat, and these, brushed to their last nicety, lay on the table beside him ready to his hand. He sat in the Sunday morning luxury of shirt sleeves enjoying his pipe with the conscious ness of rest and leisure, not so deeply in terested in the story of the preliminary meet ing of the Hunt Club but that he could find an occasional eye for the sunlit garden and an ear for the voices of the house. He strayed restfully over the local intelligence, until on a sudden the heading of a brief paragraph started him into a profound interest. He read the. paragraph twice over, [and then_ rising ?walked to the foot of the stairs, which led direct from the chambers to the upper regions of the house. "Ellice my dear," he called, "just come down here a minute, will you 'I I've something to show you." His wife's pleasant treble answered from above bidding him wait a minute. He walked back to his chair and sat smoking rather solemnly until .his wife descended with aru3tle of Sunday silk. r "Why, George," she said, "you're looking as Berious as a crow; what's the matter 1" "Was I, my dear?" said George. "Here's an odd bit of news, now. Listen to this. ' It will be within the memory of our readers that somewhat less than two years ago we published the news of the melancholy disappearance of Mr. John Hetheridge, a native of Upnor, of this county. We now learn from the Austra lian journals that the provisions of the unfor tunate gentleman's will have been completely carried into effect. The whole of his estate has ?been realised, and the proceeds, amounting to snore , than a quarter of a million sterling, are funded in the English three per cents, for the ?benefit of his infant daughter. A stated sum had been set apart for alimony, but the bulk of this great fortune will be allowed to accumulate until the young lady reaches the age of 18. We learn that the heiress is in the charge of the Eeverend Jordan Parrell, M.A., the incumbent of St. John's Church, Wellstead, Essex.5" "Why, George," said Mrs. Redwood, *' that'll be arf enormous fortune by the time the child comes in for it." "Yes," George assented, "it's a lot of money. Poor old Jack Hetheridge! He must have had a rare eye for the main chance, though great fortunes do seem to grow out there like mushrooms. You might have done better than you did, my dear." "Oh," said Mrs. Redwood. "As how, George?' "You might have had that quarter of a million," George answered, smiling seriously up at her. "My dear lad," his wife responded, shaking her pretty head with a smile as serious as his own, "you'vegot your faults and I've found 'em out by this time, but there isn't another man in the world could have made me as happy as I have been. I have never wanted more money than we have had, thank God. I can think kindly of poor Hetheridge now, but I never could abide to think of the man when he was alive. I've never been sorry for my bargain, George." "Nor I for mine," said Redwood. "You're ia lot smarter than I am for you've found out my faults and I've never set an eye on yours. That's your cunning in hiding 'em doubtless, for being a woman you're bound to be chock full of failings, big and little." At that the wife laughed merrily and stopped to kiss him, and just then the church bells began to ring. "There," said Mrs. Redwood, smoothing the locks her husband's caress had disordered, "Ishall have to do my hair again and we shall be late for church. That's one of your faults, George. You can never let a body kiss you without hugging like a bear. I ?wonder how often you brought my back hair down before we got married and made me ashamedto look my own mother in the face. Go on with your pipe and paper; I'll be back jn five minutes." She ran merrily upstairs and her husband shouldered his way into his coat, lefb hia newspaper on the table, and took his pipe into the garden, where he wandered up and down with an eye for the ripening fruib upon the trees. His thoughts were still with his old rival, and more, than once he murmured to himself of poor old Jack Hetheridge, "Poor Jack J" In due time Mrs. Redwood, appearing with his hat) and gloves, took, hia pipe from 'him, skimmed into the house with it and returning gave a series of final touches to his tie and whiskers, tuned him round for inspection, pronounced him fit to be seen for once in his life, and marshalled him off to church, quite as proud as she had been on that eventful day. seven years ago, and a great deal happier. In'a quiet place likeUpnor any stranger is noticeable, but the married pair had not gone a hundred yards upon their way when they en countered a stranger, who would have been noticeable almost anywhere. He was a tall, broad shouldered man, bub gaunt as a grey hound and tanned almost to blackness by the sun. He wore a great beard and moustache, so sun scorched that it had grown to be of no particular color. He was dressed in respectable pilot cloth and wore his double-breasted pea coat olose buttoned. A broad brimmed soft felt hat was stuck carelessly at the back of his head and he smoked a shore black pipe, an almost incredible thing for a man of respectable exterior to do in the streets of Upnor on a Sunday. In those days', when almost all men Bhaved scrupulously, the beard alone would have given the stranger a wild and outlandish aspect; bub apart from this there was at first sight something outre in the man's appearance -a something in the large, pale, grey-blue eyes which, in their contrast with the tanned Bkin, looked almost colorless-an expression as of one lost, a look altogether weird and un canny. The stranger nodded as he passed and said " Good day" in civil fashion, and Redwood re« turned his salute. "That's an odd-looking fellow, now," said Redwood, turning 100 yards further on to look after him. "Butwhat a troubled face, George dear," replied his wife. "The man looks as if he had gone through a world of misery." "Youwomen folk," retorted George, "are always fancying things. " I'd lay a wager for my own part that the fellow was one of those rollicking chaps that never know what trouble is from year to year." "You'd lose your wager, George," his wife responded tranquilly, "but I don't suppose that either of us'll be able to find out any thing about him, so where's the use of quarrel ling ?" "Ah," said George, comfortably pressing the arm which lay within his own. " Where's the use*of quarrelling?" They entered the churchyard, filled with scattered groups of churchgoers exchanging harvest notes, news of the market, and all the little gossip of the place. The old church clock, by which all clocks and watches in and about Upnor were regulated, showed yet seven minutes to the hour, and George and his wife lingered at the churchyard gate and exchanged " good mornings" with their neighbors. Whilst they stood thus the bearded man came in sighb again, looking uncertainly about him, as if in search of someone to appeal to. "George,said Mrs. Redwood, "there is that man again. He wants to speak to some one, I can tell it by his manner." Redwood had already set a foot forward with intent to cross over to the stranger, when the man turned and accosted the individual nearest to him-an old fellow who, though a thousand times older than himself in aspect, excited neither curiosity nor regard. He, too, went bearded in defiance of the general law and was the more remarkable in that respect) because the beard was of a most strange and unusual red. Elf locks of the same color fell below his ears. A much battered, unbrushed, old silk hat, a good deal too big for him, bscured his brows, and he wore blue glasses with a sorb of blinker on either side. He was bent double at the hams, and his hands quivered paralytically on the pair of sticks which supported him. He was dressed in very shabby and dirty black broadcloth, and what with his general slovenliness, his shuffling step, and hang-dog carriage of the head looked to be a very disreputable old man indeed. The stranger stretched out a hand and laid it on the old man's shoulder as he shuffled past. " I say, matey,'? he began. The old man gave a nervous start as if the grip and the sudden accost had fairly frightened fiim. "I'm not a goin' to hurt you," said the stranger. " You've got nothing to jump like that for. Tell me the way to Reynolds's farm." " I-know-not," the old man answered with a strong.foreign accent and as if he found his words with difficulty. " I am 'ere sree monce. No more." He waved one of his sticks in the direction of the churchyard gate, as if to indicate that there were people there who would be able to give the information asked for, and so shuffled paraly tically on again. The stranger turned m obedience to the gesture and Redwood made another step forward. " I beg your pardon if I'm wrong," he said, but my wife here thought you wanted informa tion. Can I give you any 5" "Why, yes," the stranger answered. "If you know the country side you can." "Well," said Redwood, with a little laugh, "I ought to know that if I know nothing else." " I want to find the way to Reynolds's farm," said the stranger, knocking the ashes from his pipe on the palm of his great brown hand. "That's easily done," said Redwood. "There's the farmhouse over yonder; that red brick building with the three poplars behind it. But you'll find nobody there. The place has been going to rack and ruin this past two years." "Nobody there?" said the stranger, falling back a step and staring at him. "Nobody there? Not Mrs. Potter ?" " No," said George; " nobody." "Look here, matey," said the stranger, hook ing him by the coat and speaking with a look and manner curiously and almost pathetically composed. " I've had a deal of trouble lately an3 I make mistakes. This is Upnor in the county of Worcestershire, ain't it ?" " Of course," Redwood affirmed. "Well, look here," said the man, "if you belong about here you can't have helped hear ing talk o' me. My name is Sam Potter. My uncle was old Jack Reynolds and when he died her left me everything." "I am very glad to meeb you, Mr. Potter," Redmond answered cordially, putting out his hand. Sam Potter took it half mechanically. '' And my missis isn't here ?" he said. "We hadn't been married a month when we lost sight of each other. I knew she got to England, for I've talked with the man aboard the ship she sailed in. I've been trying for this two years to get here, and why she isn't here before me I don't know." "George dear," Mrs. Redwood interposed, "don't you trouble about church this morn ing." "You are right, my dear," said George, "I won't. Come down to my house, Sir. Potter; if you don'b mind we'll have a talk and maybe I can be of service to you. You've been away a long time, haven't you?" "A goodish time," returned Potter, passing his hand over his forehead as if to smooth a disordered thought. " Well, shall we go ?" "Yes, we'll go, matey, and thank you kindly." The bell began to tingle spitefully as if in minutary warning to late worshippers and then stopped suddenly. Mrs. Redwood passed into church and the two men walked down the street together. The bent old foreigner quivered on his sticks a few score yards away, bu£ save for that quaint figure the road was deserted. "That's a queer old chap," said Redwood more for the sake of making talk than for any other reason. " An old French fellow. I don't suppose he speaks a hundred words of English, and as it happens there's nobody in Upnor that can change a word with him except myself. I'm no great snakes of a Frenchman, but I've got a sentence or two, you know, and I think the old boy likes to hear his native language now and then." They were level with the old man a minute later. " Bong jour,"Andre," criedRedwood. " Com mong voo poreyvoo, ce mating?" "Bien, monsieur, tre3 bien," the old man answered. "That's right," said Redwood. "II fait, botong, eh ?" The old man gave an inarticulate grunt of assent, and Redwood and Sam Potter pursued their way together. " It pleases him," remarked the yeoman com placently, "to come across a bit of his own tongue now and then. That's about all I can give him, but you can see it brisks him up a bit." Sam answered that he dared to say it did and walked on thoughtfully until Redwood ushered him into the house. Potter sat down and set his hat upon the table. He. drew out his pipe, a huge plug of tobacco, and a clasp knife. "You don't mind, matey?" he asked. "Noba bit," George answered. "I'll have a smoke myself." "I suppose," said Sam, shredding his tobacco coarsely and rubbing it between his palms, " I suppose you knew my uncle?'' "I knew him," Redwood answered, "as well as I knew anybody." "I suppose," Potter began again, "as nobody could be likely to come down here and make enquiries without your hearing of it 1" Redwood shook his head. "And you never heard about my little missis ?" "Never. I heard of you, of course; but I never even knew that you were married." "Igot married in Melbourne in Australia," said Potter. He had packed his pipe by this time and now striking a lucifer match on the leg [of his trousers he 'pulled away for half a minute in silence, and then turning in his chair asked suddenly, "Did you ever hear of a Mr. John Hetheridge of these parts?" K "We were boys together," Redwood answered him. "Schoolmates. It's seven years to-day eince I saw the'Jost of him. Poor old Jack. He was lost in the bush and died there." , ^ " I'm ~ - if he did/ potter Baid slowly and weightily. "XooJs here, that man jyas no more lost; in the trash than . I was, or yoij wa?, or the babe unborn was." , . \ { "Why, look at this!" cried Redwood, snatching the paper from the table and search ing hastily for .:the. paragraph he had read to his wife that-morning. "Read that." Potter re&diitr;, tracing the lines with a clumsy forefinger. . "Oh, Ikniow all about that," said Potter. " I met him in Melbourne when the news was stale. He'd been dead six weeks when I came across him. I met him in his own house. He give me a smack at the back of the head, matey, as laid me there for dead. I was in the hospital twelve months along of it. Off and on my mind's withered with it now, and I supposejt always will be." "But why should Jack Hetheridge have wanted to do you an injury ?' asked Red wood, "That's more than I can tell you, matey," Potter replied. "The only thing I know i3 he done it." " How did you know him?" Redwood asked. " What brought you in his house ?" "I don't remember," was the unexpected answer. "There's heaps of things I can't re member." He passed his hand across his brow again, rubbing it heavily, as if by the mere physical pressure he hoped to straighten the inward tangle. "No," he said hopelessly, "I can't remember." He looked at Redwood wibh an eyi altogether vacant and the yeoman feared that he had made acquaintance with a mad man. He had had no experience of thai genus, and he thought it reasonable to try and argue Potter out of what seemed an obvious hallucination. "You say," he began, " that you saw Hetheridge six weeks after he was reported dead?" f " Yes," said Potter, " that's the truth." " Did you think it was his ghost ?" J "No; it was Jiim right enough. Ghosts can't hit a chap and put him into hospital for 12 months. The back of my head was all bashed in like, matey." i " What motive could he have ?" "Oh, he had motive enough, ou make your mind easy about that, matey." " Well, what was it?" " My head goes wrong," said Potter. "I get it sometimes all as clear as daylight and then it goes away again. There's only one thing as 1 don't forget. I never forget as it was Mr. John Hetheridge that done it. I shall find him some day, and when I find him I shall have i his life." ] All this was, of course, to Redwood's mind the merest madness. There was no reason for giving the poor man's story so much as a moment's credence. It was doubtful if he were even the man he supposed himself to be. To fancy he was Reynolds's heir and nephew might easily be as dreamy and unreal as the rest. He sat thinking thus, puffing his pip'e in silence, and had_ begun to consider how it would be easiest politely to dismiss his curious guest when Potter struck the table with a heavy mind "I've got it," he said almost passionately. "It was all about Bob Martin's little gell. Bob was my pal, and it was my right to take charge of his little gell when he got mur dered. Now, I put that to any honest man, if it wasn't a pal'sjright more than a stranger's to take charge of a"matey's kid when he got mur dered?" ' Had Redwood known the story he would have followed Potter easily, but as it was the man's speech sounded like the merest gibberish. "I said to him,'Look here,'I says,' it's this way, matey, I've come in for my property, arid me and my missis is goin' to England by the ship as sails to- night I shall find my matey's child I told him, ' if it costs me every penny in the world. You mind that,' I says,' I shall find her withersoever she may be.' With that I turns my- back on him and he knocks my brains out. I remember it now," he concluded, "as well as if it were yesterday." Redwood was unaffectedly sorry for the poor fellow, but little disposed to give credence to any of his fancies. "I suppose," "he said after thinking for awhile, " that you came through London ?" "Yes," replied Potter. "Well, did you call on your late uncle's lawyer ?" Potter shook his head, " I suppose you know who he is ?" " It's slipped my mind somehow. I don't re member. "Well, as it happens," Redwaod said, "I do. I'll write his address down for you. There's a telegraph office only three miles away at the railway-station. You walk over there in the morning and send a message to the lawyer. You ask him if he knows where your wife is. That's the best thing for you to do you know." "Yes," said Potter. "That's the thine to do." (To be continued.) 