i CAN ANYBODY TELL US ? What haa become of Billy the Offis Boy ? How long before "the dogs of yrar " will be let loose in Europe ? How many pockets wero picked at Rcdfern Station on Eight-hour Day ? What is the meaning? of "Jaw- bone " Neild's sadden enthusiasm in the cause of social purity ? If anyone, believed at the outset of the Bx-oken Hill strike that the men conld have held out so long ? Why Dr. Bowkor should bo so deeply interested in the just fate of " those unfortunate Hoods ?" How is it that inquests into fatal tram accidents arc invariably con- . ducted in a perfunctory manner ? Has the position of Inspector of Scaffolding been abolished, and, if not, are any dutios attached to it ? What was Mr. Neild's object in de- .manding a ballot for the election of the Parliamentary Library Com mittee ? If Sir Henry Parkes should not be the very last N.S.W. politician to speak of Ministers picked up at Btroet corners ? Why the Minister for Justice has . not included the treadmill in his dis- >' ciplinary scheme for the suppression of larrikinism ? What iB the name of the learned i counsel who refused a brief marked > 150ga. and 50gs. " refreshers " the other day ? Why some member does not call for a return of all the unauthorised allowances by which Sir Henry Parkes has profited ? If the Opposition cannot find some thing more tangible to growl about than that travelling allowanco of £1000 of Sir Ceorgo Dibbs ? If tho Chicago Exhibition Com missioners would not have Bhown bettor taste by excluding photographs of tho N.S.W. gaols and gaol officials P How that Government has an- tiouuced its intention to pay tha expenses of witnesses for the dofenco in re the (alleged) Broken Hill con spirators, how many will bo forth coming P gin w mi ww II iiiikii 11 » T — If' there is any probability of a rapprochement between M"Millan and Parkea ? If the police are taking any notice of the rapid iucreaso in juvehilo larrikinism ? ; When the authorities will add tho treadmill treatment to .that of tiro bread and water ? Why efforts were not mado to prevent the Rowing Association and Mercantile Regattas clashing this afternoon ? .. What the detectives were doing while the sneak-thieves were reaping a harvest at Redfcrn Station last Monday? Why the compulsory clauses of the. Education Act are not more generally enforced P Will the Queen venture to appoint Swinburno to tho vacant Poet Laurc-ateship p Why the term " Ragged " should be applied to any school attendod by Australian children P Why such strong efforts should be mado to conceal the inner working of the Sydney Hospital Board ? What sorb of an example tho rioting Church of England parsons at Folkestone have set the ungodly ? How it como3 about that Queens land should ho so mean as to refuse to participate in the cable subsidy ? Tnrrry How tho Barrier Strike loaders like tho idea of their trial taking place at Dcniliqnin ? What on earth tho Archbishop of Canterbury knows about " the con dition and welfare of the laboring classes ?" What the actual total of Dibbs' expenses in England will amount to, and if it is true tbat £2SOO is pretty well about tlio mark ? What authority tho Star has for asserting that Messrs. Black and Davis havo not a ghost of a chance of being returned again for Wc3t Sydney — porhaps it vainly hopes that J. D. Young and Dan O'Connor may replace them P Why tho- payment of Parliamen tary representatives should not bo left optional with, and chargeable to, tho constituencies ? How tho Labor Party in tho House relishes tho reduction of mombors from l-f I to 125, as proposod in tho new Electoral Bill ? If the author of tlio Larrikin Sup pression Bill (tho Iloa. R. E. O'Con nor) carries a revolver when taking . his walks abroad o' nights ? If the Government ought nob to fool flattered by the statement made in a widely-published ciroular that Crick and Willis's paper, Truth, .has been selected as its official mouth piece ? How tho larrikins will like Mr. R. E. O'Connor's bread and water treatment ? How many men the Warwicks will send to Parramatta this afternoon to oppose the Belvicleres ? Who will be appointed selectors by tho committee of the N.S.W. Cricket Association on Monday night ? Whether Griffo, clover as ho is, will be able to get away with Martin Denny ? How is it that the Sydney police now on duty in Broken Hill havo boon so abominably quartered ? What kind of luck New South Wales has in securing the sorvices of the Q ueensland cricketer Couningham, who should fill tho gap left by Ferris ?-.' Whother the Broken Hill mine- strikers or theii: sons — the schoolboy , strikers— are in the more ridiculous .-. v: position? Why senipr club cricket is -so un- interesting ? Is . it because.: one or two clubs contain the cream of - our cricketers.?; : Whether Billy Williams, the Lis- moro crack pugilist, really means to take on Crcedon ? Whether the attendance, at the Darlingliursbi Hall next Tuesday . night will bo a record ? Is it true that yet another (the third) portion of the Victoria Park is to bo filched from tho people in tho interests of a private club ? "What the police stationed in the vicinity of Bay-street, Glebe, are doing to permit tbo prevalence of so much rampant larrikinism ? Why electorate cricket should not bo well established within a couple of years if the interest of the players can be permanently enlisted? If wo have not plenty of horsemen in How South Wales who /.could easily boat the Austrian officer's feat of riding 291 miles in 7-li -hours ? If it -is a fact that oach of thoBe granite-pedestaled Post-office lamp posts cost £500, and how' sncli ' an exorbitant price can be accounted for ? Whether Mr. " Jack " Want is not ' making tho best of Malcolm's absence to clear his client Abigail in tho Australian Banking Company Con spiracy case ? Whether, for his own sake, it would not be better for Conningham, the Queensland trundler, to play with any other club than Carlton, whose ' bowling is so strong ? How is it that tho unromunerative services (free special trains and passes) of the Railway Department should annually run' close into the cnormGus sum of £50,000 P - AVhether, despite all that the Broken Hill directors asseverate, they will find it possiblo to replace tho men on strike with anything liko an adequate supply of skilled miners ? Who will bo the noxt middle weight to tacklo Dan Creedon ? . . 