PHYIAIS FENWITJKS'S A M M T G R B . J A great deal of anneoessaiy sentiment lus, from time to lirnc been spent on. the " noble red man And when the "Wild West" shown was in. Melbourne, a. few mouths ago, much sympathetic nonsense was expressed' concerning the dusky savage. Bat there is no doabt that a very different tone would In adopted "by these admirers of the -red-skins, if they had to do battle widi them in their native haunts. I was forced to undergo this agreeable experience once, in the good old days when the now almost .extinct bison roamed the Wild West in vast herds, whilst the Indian and the invader were at continual enmity, the former then being about as civilised as the coyote, and as friendly as the dreaded "grizzlies." Nevertheless, the white man established himself in the land, and on. the whole, he prospered. The time of wtucii C asn speaking was the beginning of the 4 gold fever," and my brothers had been so bitten with the prevalent mania that they osed all their inflaence to persnsde my father to give ap the old farm in Hawkesdale, and go to New California. Perhaps their arguments hai more weight with my father because he was shrewd enough to see that farming was even then becoming a losing game, and the anriferons prospects heldontto him appeared nnnsnally tempting by comparison. I, Phyllis, being only s girl, did not, of course, connt for much in these family arrangements ; yet, in a sense, because I was the only daughter, and my mother was dead, I did count very mnch in my father's eyes, and he wonld, I verily be lieve, have stayed at home sooner than leave me behind. Bat I was as adventurous in disposition as any of my brothers- -and looked forward to the new life with intense interest, all the deeper, perhaps, because I was so utterly without experience. It was finally decided that- my father should take up some land in Hope Vallev, El Dorado County, and there, with Charlie Ripley's a-sistance, start s'ock- farminj, whilst my three brothers tried their luck at the diggings in the same county. If I had been going to the most luxurious home in the finest part of the country, I could not possibly have been more eager or enthusiastic over our future prospects It was enough for me that my lover was to share our fortunes, and what more could a romandc girl whose acqoaiatance with real hardship had not yet begun desire ? There had been Fenwickes at Moss- Side and Ripleys at the Birkcts for more generations than Lean connt; the two farms lay side by side. .and. Charlie and I had been little playmates and child- sweethtiarts ever since I- can- remember ; whence Hawkesdale considered it a seemly thing, and that we were only fulfilling our destiny, when we grew up and blossomed into real lovers, who were seriously and soberly engaged. Naturally enough, sinco the course of true love never docs run smooth, Fate mast put her finger into the pie, to import a spice of romance into a Jove affair that th catcaed toi-e so decorously dull as ours ; and this element of interest wa%. it seemed, destined to be supplied at the eleventh hour by the illness of old Mr. Ripley. To my dismay, and Charlie's grief, his father was taken ill early in February, and diel before the end of the month, Now my folk, hal decided to start during the second week in March, and to defer our departure would have been equally useless and- impossible, since we discovered, to our chagrin, that Mr Ripley had left all he possessed to his wife during her lifetime and. it was aftewards to be equally divided bstween Charlie and his sister Alice. Itwas out of the question that the only son, to whom the widow now looked for cveiything, should go sway, leaving matters in so unsettled a state'and : his mother to the mercy ot hirelings * Obviously, the duty that! ay nearest his hand was to stay at home wd manage the farm for his mother and sister till some permanent arrangement could be made for their benefit. It was a heavy blow for as—the heavier because it was so unexpected ; but Charlie did his best to-cheer-ine-and himself by steadily refusing to relinquish the hope of coming out to join na some time within yaws OESO UDJ itiiineteen, when one isfnllof health and life, * year does not seem so-*«rylong to look forward to. My lover came with us as far as Liverpool, in order to be with me until the last possible minute and defer the inevitable agony of separation. "There's jostihe ghost of a chance, you know, PhyUuv-dariing, that I . sha'n't be lied dawn to tteoU*»nntry as long as your father seems to fancy,'" he said, trying to epeak lightiy^ We were standing on deck. hand in' hand, in a quiet comer qui'e alone,-whilst the last predons-moments fled away, and tears ehased one another lipid y down my pale cheeks. This farewell to my native land was by no means what I- had anticipated,- and the difference between my rose- colonred visions «nd*-the gad, stern reality was too terrible jost then for me to make even a pretext of eheerfnlness. \- " I don't sea howyou cstr-ever come, I returned disconsolately ; "there are the farm and Mrs Ripley and Alice 1" — enumerating all these- tembJc obstacles with* littfesmothered sob. "Yes,dear hearts=iutoffoai*>ast re member there is also HtigfcJMton' He and Alice haven%Betdedwnm«K^fet I«m bat get Jum- to si* e, _ «nds*sfer to *see his .he s \- sore and Bt«aiy,**iroe*iMR^N6^l . / can ffotk ipimadliBfiwIliBtftt right Bide of Cot. we'll " this fs«BfymtihyrJi ords, me, and the very last pressure of his it|T® to mine;. after that I think he pnt me into my father's arms and hurried away dowitfcbe-ladder. I tried to distinguish his faceas he stood on shore, but tears blinded TOe, and :l obtained only a misty view of a sea of upturned faces, with here and there a .waving handkerchief, as.the Osprey moved slowly out of dock -and-^owa-the Mersey. We had;been settled in our new home nearly a twelvemonth, my brothers remaining with as until our new house— a strong log-cibin of which we were all very proud—was finished and habitable ; then they started " prospecting," finally taking up a claim not far from our homestead. where they had been working very steadily for some months with more or is success. At the log- house our party was a larger one than- we had at first anticipated, sinco some of oar Moss-side labourers had accompanied their old master to Hope Valley in search of fortune ; and at that time extra hands were welcome enough. Our venture prospered from the beginning, and I wante > only one thing to make me happy; .but that thing seemed mr nearer of attainment than ft first. Charlie wrote as regularly as possible, and his letters were always bright and •mcoomging. - Tiresome Hugh Dillon however seemed to be a terrible tame «• seeing his way" to a mutual arrangement ; and I could not feel very hopeful, knowing Hugh and all the circum- stances so well. At any rate, my lover was still tied to his farm at Hawkesdale. while I was-leading my new strauge life on a ranche in El Dorado. L think I enjoyed the winter as ranch as any time ; my father was at home a good deal, for one thing, and, for another, I was by this time growing used to the conditions of life, which his so very.mHch to do with comfort anywhere. But with the lengthening days my father And' the • " boys"—as we called our labourers—were fully occupied, consequently I*-was often alone for many hours ; nevertheless, being a highspirited gill, I cared very little for that, and seldom felt lonely or dull. Tramps were not -particularly likely to molest us, since the rowdy element seemed toflow^natnrally in the diirction of the diggings, where it mustered in full force. My brothers used-to say all the gaol birds unhanged had migrated thither; the nsnal basis of society- in a mining community consisting of the scorn and refuse of great cities. Of the Indians we had hitherto seen little, and that little had not been of an awe- inspiring nature, despite the yatns we had heatd from older settlers as we made our way to our " location" in the previous spring. We had been visited by a few Cherokees now and again chiefly squaws and papooses, intensely carious about us, and some of them the most sturdy, impudent beggars I ever saw in my life; otherwise they were rather friendly, though the men of the tribe seemed inclined to give as a wide berth. In short, with me familiarity bred contempt ; and I had nearly forgotten my old terrors of the ferocious redmen, with their savage faces and warlike mien, hideous as paint aad other native adornments could make them. It was the afternoon of a dark and stormy February day, destined to be a memorable one for me, though I fancied the great excitement was all over witli the ieparture of the United States mail in the morning. The appearance of this man, who carried a couple of bags and was mounted on a fleet Mexican mustang, was quite an event in our isolated existence ; and he seemed the one link binding us to the outside world and civilised life, tie did not come our way more than once in six weeks, and this time be wis a week behindhand, so I was full of anxiety for his safety, as I well knew he literally carried his life in his hands every day, and had more than once owed his escape to the speed and endurance of his mustang. He was the recognised official bearer of the United States mails to these wild outlying districts, and I of course had always a letter to intrust to his care ; and many an anxious thought went with him through all the perils which that precious missive mast encounter before the bearer reaehei civilised region with his bags. This time I had written to Charlie a particularly long letter, candied in a brighter strain too, since I assured him that, if he could not come to me I would return to him directly I was of age and my own mistress—that was provided he still wanted me, I added slyly. I seemed to have put all my soul into that letter, writing out of the f alness of my heart such tender. loring thoughts as he would be proud and glad to read. Therefore it was with feelings of the liveliest satisfaction that I beheld the mounted mail depart in company with tuj father and the bays ; their way lay together for some miles, and with such An s escort my piccions letter and the man's life—like a woman, I pnt the more important thing last !—wonld be doublyeafe. - So forme this stormy February day was fall of pleasurable excitement, and eeemed neither dull nor long, since my heart'had sped the way my letter went, and. as nsnal, my hands were busy enough with my ordinary household tasks. But I went sinking about my workvscsarcely giving a thought to my solitary unprotected condition ; I was used to being alone; moreover, I exda- couple * of - the men - to xetam before dnsk About-tbrce o'clock one of them made bisappeai*nce«lone,'ex«Aaimingabraptly as be'entered: tlie bonse— •< If them darned covre hain't bin and got oat of the yard agen. Miss Phyllis, and it oil! be dark in little more 'n an hour! Tbo master */l be main vexed snrelv." «' You'd better go after them at once, Joe," I relumed. " I'd come with you on Dasdy, only I'm afraid we shouldn't betiack in time ; anditwmld never do to let father tefarnrfar find the house lndnai op." Jofe got out • tut&e; sndi speedily -de? garted npon few troublesome quest, ^Vowing^that the-spirit of mischief was in the straying |dne to indace them to d put -jmtowMd tour; tuft was once more alone. Bnt now I bustled about in good earnest, making up the wood-fire and preparing supper for the hungry men who would all come trooping in shortly after dark. The sun was almost down, but the cold grey ligfct of the winter afternoon showed all near objects almost as distinctlv as if it were mid-day. I stood for a minute by the window looking out across the wide prairie beyond the cleared enclosure immediately surrounding our dwelling. I was so used to that great level expanse stretching away towards the pnrplish- gray horizon, dotted here and there with scrub and sagebushes, that I had grown to have a certain liking for the boundless plain and tha sense of freedom it gave one, looking far away to the west, where faint red streaks illumined the gray still sky. Yes, I enjoyed the prairie, though was so different from my native Hawkesdale. Taming away from the window, I noticed a log of wood lying just inside' the stockade at the farthest corner from ! the hoase which I did not remember seeing |in the morning—though to be : sure our enclosure was not so famous for neatness that a stray log or so wade much difference—and I thought no more it till, repassing the window ten minutes later, 1 again glanced out. Darkness was fast setting in on us now, and, though I could see things just out side clearly enough, I was surprised to find how diia and misty the distance looked. And the log—it was lying in exactly the same position of course ! I laughed at my fancy, since logs arc not usually endowed with the {>ower of movement ; but it certainly appeared to me to be some few yaris nearer the house than when first I observed it. "Impossible!" L said aloud, with emphatic solemnity. I decided that I was growiog nervous and foolish, and my first impnlse was to sally forth and set my mind at rest by examining the suspicious object at close quarters ; but a second thought restrained me. It is well to be bold, but not over bold. I peered anxiously into the gathering gloom, striving to take in the familiar aspect of the yard and my surroundings ; and an eerie feeling crept over me as I looked Dusky f rms seemed to lurk in distant comers, wliils" at regular intervals certain posts in the rough palisade surrounding our dwelling seemed to project unnaturally. 1 would have given the world for a companion at that moment. Oh, if Joe had not gone in search of those errant cows ! Then it struck me that, owing to the bright fire upon the hearth, my person and the interior of the room were distinctly risible outside, whilst the growing dusk made it more and more difficult for me jlainly to distinguish objects a dozen yards from the window. I looked at the clock—it was barely half-past three. Could the house stand siege of sn hour and a half ? I asked mvself anxious y, as i knew right well there was little chance of help before that—for now the unwelcome conviction that the Indians had stolen a march upon me, and were even now in ambush around the house, could no longer be ignored or avoided. It was evident they knew nte to be alone and had laid their plans welL What did they want ? Simply plunder ; or was it a mingled desire for plunder and rerengo ? We bad lately lea-r. ed that t licy considered them selves Eggriercd by the fact that i portion of the land occupied by my father was a part of their huutiiiggrouud. Any way, I knew that I had nothing to hops from an Indian's chivalry, and everything to fear from his cold-blooied treachery; and I resolved to hold the fortress against the redskins till the last possible minute. Whilst the<^> reflections passed rapidly though my mind I hurriedly made such arrangements for the defence as lay in my power. First, I securely barred the heavy shutters, noiselessly slipped the bolts of both doors—strong and wellmade, though rough—and also pat an iron bar across the door opening into the stockade I contrived to drag a big chest half-way across the kitchen, whereby I barricadcd the back door ; and then I felt, if bolts and bars could keep Cherokees out, I was safe for a time. But there was no knowing wliat their fiendish ingenuity might not devise ; and tbev evidently meant basinets, since they bad mustered in considerable force I do not want to make myself out > to be the least bit of a heroine over this encounter. I was undoubtedly in what schoolboys call "no end of a fnnkr.- but, being brought to bay in this fashion, I summoned to my aid what courage 1 possessed, and vowed I would resist to the death. And. in spite .of my sickening conviction of the almost hopeles? horror of- niy fate, I was out- wardly cool enough, koepiDg my wits aboat me sufficiently to appreciate .and turn to acconnt snch slight advantages as were on' my side. I oven experience a certain t>dd elation in the though tihat ao one I loved was with me, sharing, bnt not lessening, tlie awful danger in which ! stood. I bftveall my life found it easier to be calm in tlie presence of death and peril when meeting them alone, knowing thattny hest-beloved, at least were safe and free. 'My small attempts at defencc were soon- -completed, and I -ascended the ladder to tbeupper story, where 1 placed a lamp ; n the window of the room overlooking ^he prairie, since that, I knew, would probably he the way bj which my father would return, and the nnusual sight might possibly warn him of bis: danger. Lastly I retreated to my own. roora, 4ind fastened die door, j : The whole of my arrangemente. froip the moment that I decided thfennorin % log was an lnilian to the instant I locke 1 la ouder five cainutes,-M meaiiy as I ] tell, but jny action had been significant ADongh for the canning Cherokees, wF instantly prepa«a>fordthe HSminiiwmi * now, I F „ from my window, which I took the precaution partly to barricade with my mattress, and beholding a score or more of hideous dusky forms below, moving stealtaily in the twilight, like so many cowardly cruel hyenas, thirsting for my blood. I caught up a spare revolver lying upon the kitchen shelf, and a few caitridges as I retreated, but I resolved to be very cautious, an i remain strictly on the defensive. I bad apparently baffled my foes for a brief space, and they were consulting, I judged by their gestures, as to the course they shoald parsue. Suddenly they raised a hideous yell that made my blood run cold, and flung themselves npon the barricadcd doors and windows, absolutely shaking the house with the fury of their assault, bat the good bolts withstood their united efforts, and the next minute a shower of arrows came rattling against the upper casements, whilst a voice cried to me to come down, to surrender, as well as I could make out from the little Cherokee { had learned from the squaws. The aim of those poison-arrows was so accurate that the Indians twice succeeded in extinguishing my beacon-lamp, and I bad to remove it to the opposite en i of the room, still keeping it in aline with the window. Then I cautiously raised a corner of the mattress and fired my revolver rather at random into the bowling, threatening horde below. I was anything but a crack shot, but my brothers bad taught me how to handle and fire a revolver, and I determined to sell my life as dearly as pos- sible. silently vowing that the Cherokees should never take me a'ive—I would so far be mistress of my fate. My answering fire produced an unexpected effect. They had not dreamed of despised pale-face squaw daring to defy them single-handed ; and when 1 reconnoitred, I saw I had hit somebody, who was laid out on the ground toaieditate at his leisure. Of course, the next minute my mattress was stuck fall of arrows like a target, and again and again the red men utterei their warwhoop, and rushed upon the house, hoping to carry the position by main force. They felt that they had me like 'coon in a trap, in spite of my resistance. But at nineteen one dies hard, and refuses to give up hope till the last gasp. Every minute I conld keep t- e fiends at bay gave me a further chance of life ! I looked at my f&st-lessening; store of aintnnnition, and then I laid aside a couple of cartridges for the agonising moment when I must acknowledge the game to be played out. Even then, standing alone above my ti-erisli foes, go fall of health and strength, and life and love, I conld not realise that my life was numbered by inmates, or that, humanly speaking, I should never look : upon another sunset, or hail the break ; of another dawn. 1 emptied my last shots into the seething mass of dnsky beings howling around me—one lonely, defenceless woman. They were quick to appreciate the fact that L had ccased to tire, and the shonts and yells grew more exnltant as a tall flame shot up suddenly in the ivy dnsk. What were the fiends about now 1 I soon understood—tliey had failed to force an entrance, and were determined to burn me out! Ah, merciful Heaven ! Then it was, I th nk, that hope flickered and went out, leaving my soul in a' blackness worse than night. Well, I had vowed to wait till the very last, and I trusted that He who saw my cruel need and my utter helplessness would forgive me the desperate act 1 contemplated. I tried to pray, bnt noth : ng save the publican's brief petition rose to my lips, whilst the events of my whole life seemed to pass vividly before roe in a moment of time. I know in that last minute, when I was beyond despair, beyond hoj«, my chief feeling was one of thankfulness that my letter—die very last my own true love would ever receive from me—was safe, miles and miles on its way to him—that he would get it. and love and treasure it long before the news of my cruel fate could roich him. And, when be did know all shat men would ever learn, the ghastly story would be less agonising for the thought that iriy last words, my very last loving thoughts had been all for him. He would have that letter for tie comfort until we met. again in the lilent land beyond-the TeiL I hoped Charlie knew me well enough to be sure I wonld never let those yelling-wolvcs take me alive ! Ah, no ! I walked .to tlie table and opened a little box that held ali my treasures. I was quite cool and steady now, calm as death itself, whilst I heard the crackle, of ?the flames below and siw their lurid light against the coll gray sky Well, my lover's portrait should be the last thing my. eyes rested npoa ia life. Ah, Heaven, it was joy unspeakable to know lie wonld never realise the actual agony of these moments during which I could say " I yet-live ! " A yell of exultation—the door was down, -and those- fi- nds in human- form ruslwd in; fcattering th* hot embers with dfeirfeet! Now! ; ^Wfat-rocs that -? A« answering shout from English throats 1 I djropped the revolver and flew to the window. Yes it was as I believed; I saw my rescuers; I beard the thunder of Abe hoofs as half a score of horsemen galloped over the short torf and drew bridle at the gates. "The wolves were well ra the trap-now 1 ; I leaned «ut of tbe window and cried to my rescuers tofsnrronnd the dcors. Tbey understood t and then came an awfnl. Iiand-to-bwd encounter. The f3hero > *eeff were Jfrreir to one; of i their antagonists, hot tie fingliriimen foegbt like lions and .hell on w th^thto tenacity of JmilHtags. I way an ggMstenggls and * liot one bile 9tjasted; W there was no donbt about the issue iom>the T first. I unbarred a r-door .and stood 1 at the top of the laddi watching the-brealb- <kgtV- -deadly nte^r witli nfawaaated. )uiitifi|fd eyes. [ muBt be-with-them, I Sat,.faa'ngfheM lme<fearfal'odds,.though ilddo.?iqMjing. j* fast* fSeeidtaen ^pdfjtrti^aed iVto-cawy-off-their <dtsad J "or *i MmmF'miff I was just dimly conscious that the fight was won, and then I remembered nothing more, for I bad fainted. NVure will have her way, and, after such a desperate strain is removed, there comes the inevitable reaction. When I recovered, I was lying upon the kitchen floor, with my head resting on some one's knee. Father—is father safe?" I asked, looking in a dazed bewildered way at the anxious faces surrounding me. " Yes. Phyllis ; I'm safe enough, my bairn. We're all right, except poor Joe and Abel. She is too dazed, poor lass, to take it all in," he adde 1, in a lower tone. I opened my eyes again, and looked up languidly to see who it was that was supporting me ; till then it had not occurred to me as strange that it was not my father. ' Phyllis, my own ! " mormnred a low voice, whilst my wondering eyes met Charlie Ripley's. It was no dream then, no delirium, but his own dear face bending above me, his honest grey eyes looking into mine with tender anxiety. You are not hurt, Phyllis?" he asked, in the same low eager tones. He was kneeling beside me. My head lay upon his shoulder now : I could even feci his heart beating clo?e to mine, and I knew it was no dream. I tried to smile as I shook my head, but a passion of tears came to my relief instead—I was so safe, so happy now ! Tbey let me weep, whilst my lover soothed me, and the rest left us alone for a while ; they were bnsy securing the horses and making the house safe for the night, though they resolve I to gnard. against possible surprises by keeping watch in turn?. Wt.en my father and I ro there—whom I now noticed for tt.o first time—returned to the fire, I was sufficiently re covered to recount to them what had happened during that terrible hour in which I held the house single-handed against the Indians. Of course they told uie I was a little heroine, and seemed as though thev could never make enough of me. After that I had to hear the explanation of what bad previously appeared to me a sort of miracle—that is, Charlie's timely arrival, and my father's return a goed half-hour before I thought it possible be could be home. It appeared that Hugh Dal ton had at last " seen bis way," whilst he and Alice bad so far settled matters ttiat they were married the day before Charlie left England. Hugh was to carry on the old farm for Mrs Ripley as well as his own, and every one was satisfied Nevertheless ft ugh had "so mnch mind" that he had not been able to make it np in time for the last mail ; therefore Charlie had decided to bring the great news in person by the first ship as the quickest and most agreeablo way. He had procured a guide at El Dorado city, who had obligingly con ducted him to the "diggings" at Heron Gulch, where mj brothers made him heartily welcome, and decided to celcbrate the occasion by bringing him on home the next day. It was lucky they did so. and doubly fortunate that they f«ll in with my father and the " boys" returning from work. Charlie was the first to espy my lamp shining at the windows ; they at once came to the conclusion that tt.e unusual light meant danger of some sort, and pashed on at a gallop, arriving in the nick of time, as I have alreidy narrated. • * » • * Well, I am almost an old woman, and I have been Charlie's wife for many happy years ; but, if I live to be a hundred, I shall never forget the agony of that awful hour during which I, a girl of nineteen, held our log-house, alone and unaided, against the redskins. 