Tor Eyer With the Lord. A SEEMON BY THE LATE EEV. C. H. SPURGEON. " So shall wo ever he with the Lord."-1 Thessalonians, iv., 17. These words are fall of consolation . the apostle say 8 in the next verse: "Wherefore comfort one another with these words." The very words it appears' were dictatod by the Holy Spirit the Comforter, to be repeated by the saints to each other with the view of removing sorrow from the minds of the distressed. The comfort is intended to give us hope in reference to those who have fallen asleep. Look over the list of those beloved in the Lord who have departed from you to your utmost grief, and let the words of our text be a handkerchief for your tears. Sorrow, not as those that are without hope, for they are with the Lord though they are not with you, and by-and by you shall surely meet them where your Lord is the centre of fellowship for ever and ever. The separation will be very transient; the reunion will be everlasting. These words are also in tended to comfort the saints with regard to themselves, and I pray that they may be a cordial to any who are sick with fear, a matchless medicine to charm away the heartache from all believers. The fact that you bear about a dying body is very evident to some of you by your frequent and. increasing infirmities and pains, and this it may be is a source of de pression of spirits. You know that when a few years are gone you must go the way whence you shall not return ; but be not dis mayed, for you shall not go into a strange country alone and unattended, ' There is a friend that sticketh closer than a brother who will not fail you nor forsake you, and, moreover, YOU ARE GOING HOME; your Lord will be with you while you are depart- ] ing, and'then you will ever be with him. There fore, though sickness warn thee of the near I approach of death, be not in the least dismayed ; though pain and weariness should make thy heart ' and flesh fail, yet doubt not of thy triumph ( through the Redeemer's blood ; though it should ' sometimes make thy flesh to tremble when thou ' rememberesfc thy many Rins and the weakness 1 of thy faith, yet be of good cheer, for 1 thy sins and weakness of faith will " soon be removed far from thee, and thou shalt be in his presence where there is , fulness of joy, and at his right hand, where there ] are pleasures for evermore. Comfort yourselves, ] then, both with regard to those who have gone before and in reference to the thought of your ' own departure, when your time shall come. 1 Observe that the comfort which the apostle here ' presents to us may be partly derived from the ' fact of the resurrection, but not chiefly ; for he ' does not so much refer to the words, " The dead in Christ shall rise," as to these last-" so shall Í we ever be with the Lord." It is a great truth that you will rise again; it is a sweeter truth that you will.be J "EVER WITH THE LORD" There is some consolation also in the fact that we shall meet our departed brethren when we shall all be caught np together in the clouds to meet ' the Lord in the air. Blissful will be the general J assembling of the redeemed, never again to be 1 broken up; the joy of meeting never to part i again is a sweet remedy for the bitterness of i separation. There is very groat comfort in it, f but the main stress of consolation does not lie < even there. It is pleasant to think of the eternal 1 fellowship of the godly above, but the best of all ! is the promised fellowship with our Lord,-" So i shall we ever be with the Lord." "Whatever else 1 you draw comfort from, neglect not this deep, clear, ; and overflowing well of delight. There are ¡ other sources of good cheer in connection with the glory to be revealed for heaven is a many-sided ' joy; but still none can excel the glory of communion with Jesus Christ, wherefore comfort ' one another in the first place, and most con stantly, with these words, " So shall we ever be with the Lord." I regard the text as a continuance of onr present spiritual state-" So shall we ever be ; with the Lord." To my mind, and I think I am not incorrect in so expounding, the apostle means that nothing shall prevent our continuing to be ever with the Lord ; death shall not separate us, nor the terrors of that tremendous day when the voice of the archangel and the trump of God shall be heard; by divine plan and arrangement all shall be so ordained that "BO shall we beever with the Lord." By being caught up into the clouds, or in one way or another, our abiding in Christ shall, remain unbroken. As we have re ceived Christ Jesus the Lord, BO shall we walk in him, whether in life or in death. I understand him to mean that WE ABE WITH THE LORD NOW, and that nothing will separate us from him. Even now, like Enoch, we walk with God, and we shall not be deprived of divine communion. Our fear might be that in the future Btate something might happen which would become a dividing gulf between us and Christ, but the apostle assures that it will not be so, there shall be such plans and methods used that " so shall we ever be with the Lord." At any rate, I know that, if this be not the truth here intended, it is a truth, and therefore I do not hesitate to enlarge upon it. We are with the Lord in this life in a high spiritual sense. Bead you not in the epistle to the Colos8ians, "for ye are dead, and your life is hid with Christ in God ?" Were you not " buried with him in baptism wherein also ye are risen with him through the faith of the onera tion of God, who hath raised him from the dead ?" Do you not know what it is to be dead to the world in him, and to belivin? a secret life with him ? Are you not risen with Christ ; ay, and do you not understand in some measure what it is to be raised up together, and made to I sit together in the heavenlies in Christ Jesus ? If you are not with him, brethren, you are not Chris I tians at all ; for this is just the mark of the Chris tian, that he follows with Christ. It is essential to salvation to be a sheep of . Christ's fold, nay more, a partaker of Christ's life, a member of his mystical body, a branch of the spiritual vine. Separated from him we are spiritually dead ; he himself has said, "If a man abide not in me, he is cast forth asa branch, and is withered, andmon gather them, and cast them into the fire, and they are burned." This companionship is, we trust, made MANIFEST TO OTHERS BY ITS FRUITS. It ou .'ht always so to be ; the life of the Christian Bhculd be manifestly a life with Christ. Men should take knowledge of us that we have been with Jesus, and have learned of him ; they should see that there is something in us which could not have been there if it were not for the Son of God : a temper, a spirit, a course of life, which could not have come by nature, but must have been wrought in us through grace which has been re ceived from him in whom dwells a fulness of grace, even our Lord Jesus Christ. Brethren, if we are what we ought to be, our life is spent in conscious communion, growing out of continued union with the Lord Jesus Christ, and if it be so we have that rich assurance which is written by John, "If that which ye have heard from the beginning shall remain in you, ye also shall continue in the Son, and in the Father." There is a close union of heart between us. We are with him, aad not against him ; we are in league with him, enlisted beneath his banner, obedient to his spirit. For us to live is Christ : WE HAVE NO OTHER AIM. He is with us by the continued indwelling of the Holy Ghost, who is with us and shall be in us for ever. His anointing abideth on us, and because of it we abide in Christ Jesus. Our Lord has also promised to be with us whenever we are engaged in his work. That is a grand word of encouragement. " Lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world." Think not, therefore, that it will be the first time of our being with Christ when we shall see him in glory, for even now he manifests himself unto us as he does not unto the world. Has he not often fulfilled his promise, " Where two or throe are gathered together in my name, there am I in the midst of them ?" We have heard the sound of the Master's feet behind us when we have been going on his errands ; we have felt the touch of his hand when we have come to the forefront of the battle for his sake, and we have known that he dwelleth m us by his spirit, and is with us by the power wherewith he has attended our work, and the deeds which he has wrought by the Gospel which we have proclaimed. THE LORD IS WITH HIS CHURCH in her tribulation for his name's sake, and he will ever be so, for he forsaketh not his saints. " Fear not, I am with thee," is as much a word of the Lord under the gospel as in the Old Testa ment times. By the power of his blessed spirit Jesus abides with us, and through this present dispensation he unables us to be " ever with the Lord." But, my brethren, the time is coming when we shall die, unless the Lord shall descend from heaven with a shout meanwhile. Assuredly in the article of death we shall still be with the Lord. Death may my soul divide From this abode of clay ; But love shall keep me near thy side Through all the gloomy way. " Tea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil : for thou art with me ; thy rod and thy staff they comfort me." This makes dying such delicious work to the people of God, for then especially is Jesus seen to be near. By death they escape from death, and henceforth it is no more death for them to die. When Jesus meets his saints there seems no iron gate to pass through, but in a moment they close their eyes on earth and open them in glory. Beloved, there should be no more bondage through fear of death, since Christ attends his people even in their descent into the tomb, and strengthens them upon the bed of languishing. This has been A GEE AT JOY TO MANY departing saints. A dying believer was observed to be whispering to himself while dying, and his good attendant, wishing to know what were his last words, placed his head against the dying man's lips, and heard him repeating. to himself again and again the words, " For ever with the Lord; for ever with the Lord." When heart and flesh were failingi the departing one knew that God was the strength of his life and his portion for ever, and so he chose for his soft, low whispered, dying song-"For ever with the1 Lord." ^ After death we shall abide' awhile *m the separ ate, disembodied state, and we shall know as to our soul what it is to be still with the Lord; -for' what saich the apostle?- " Knowing .that when' we are absent from the body we are present with: the Lord." . The dying thief was, to be .that day with Christ in Paradise, and such shall be our lot as Boon as our souls shall have passed out of this tenement of clay into that .wondrous state of which we know so little. Our pure spirits Bhall " come unto Mount Sion, and unto the city of the living God, the heavenly Jerusa lem, and to an innumerable company of angels, to the general assembly and church of the first born, which are written in heaven, and to God the judge of all, and to the spirits of just men made perfect, and to Jesus the mediator of the new covenant, and to the blood of sprinkling, that speaketh better things than that of Abel." Who is dismayed when such A PROSPECT OPENS UP BEFORE HIM? Ay, and this body which shall fall asleep, though apparently it shall be destroyed, yet shall it not be so; but it shall only slumbor awhile, and then awake again and say, " "When I awake I ant still with thee/' Constantly death is described as Bleeping in Jesus ; that is the state of the saint's moral frame through the interregnum between death and resurrection. The angels shall guard our bodies; all that is essential to complete the identity of our body shall be securely preserved, BO that the very seed which was put into the earth shall rise again in the beauty of efflorescence which becomes it; all, I say, that is essential shall be preserved intact," because it is still with Christ. It is a glorious doctrine which ÍB stated by the apostle in the first epistle to the Thessalonians, the fifth chapter, at the ninth and tenth verses, " For 'God hath not appointed us to wrath, but to obtain salvation by N our Lord Jesus Christ, who died for us, that, whether we wake or Bleep, we should live together with him." in due time the lest trump shall-, sound and Christ shall come; but the saints shall ba with him. The infinite providence ha3 so ar.anged that Christ shall t'not come without his people, for "Them also that sleep in Jesus Bhall God bring with him." The¡ saints shall be with him in the advent as they are now. Our souls shall hear the shout of victory join in it ; the voice of the archangel shall bo actually heard by all his redeemed, and the trump of God shall be sounded in the hearing of every one of his beloved, for we shall be with Jesus all through that glorious transaction. Whatever THE GLORY AND SPLENDOR of the second advent, we shall be with Jesus in it. I am not going to give you glimpses of the re vealed future, or offer any suggestion as to tho sublime history which is yet to be written, but most certainly there is to be a last general judg ment, and then we shall be with Christ, assessors with nim at that day. Being ourselves first ac quitted, we shall take our seat upon the judgment bench with him. What saith the Holy Ghost by tho apostle-" Do ye not know that the saints shall the world ? Know ye not that we shall judgo angels ?" The fallen angels, to their shame, shall in part receive the verdict of their condem nation from the lips of men, and thus vengeance shall be taken upon them for all the mischief they have done to the sons of men. Oh, think of it ; amidst the terror of the tremendous day yon shall be at ease, resting in the love of God, and beholding the priory of Christ, and so shall you " ever be with the Lord." There is, moreover, to be a reign of Christ. I cannot read the Scriptures without perceiving that there is to be a millennial reign; there shall be new heavens and new earth, wherein dwelloth righteousness. Well, whatever that reign is to be, we shall reign also. "And ha that overcometh, and keepeth my works unto the end, TO HIM WILL I GIVE POWER over the nations." The particular incident of tho text does not exhaust the words, but you may apply them to the whole story of God's own chil dren. From the first day of their spiritual birth until they are received up into heaven to dwell with God, their history may bo slimmed up in these words, " So shall we ever be with the Lord." Whether caught up into the clouds or here below on this poor afflictod earth, in para dise or in the renovated earth, in the grave, or in the glory, we shall ever be with the Lord. And then cometh the end, and God alone shall reign, and the mediatorial kingdom shall cease, ages, ages, and ages shall revolve, but '* so shall we ever be with the Lord." The saints immortal shall be with their covenant head, and like him free from sorrow. All tenden 3y to sin shall be gone, and all fear of change or death ; their intimate com munion will last on for ever : " Blessed state I beyond conception 1 "Who its vast delights can tell ? May it be ray blissful portion, " "With ruy saviour there to dwell.'' A I think the text looks like a continuation of what is already begun, only rising to something higher and better. Tb be with Christ is life eternal : this we have already, and shall continua to have, and " so shall we ever bo with the Lord." Amen._ 