Hawaiian Superstitions. I A Verandah Chat, BY BELLE OSBOLT.XE. “ What a superstitious lot these Kanakas are 1” says Joe", who is stretched out in t.he bamboo chair on the verandah, the moon light throwing the shadow of the vines over his long figure clad in white linen; “ if they have the toothache, and it rains, why, heaven weeps in sympathy ; if the little keiki steals the raw fish of his grandmother, bang goes the thunder, and heaven is angry.” “They never seem to think,”says the navy officer, drowsily, from the hammock, “ that if heaven wept with everyone who had the heartache, by Jove I this would be a pretty damp place to live in 1” I am sitting on the verandah steps, idly watching the moonlight on the mango, surely the most beautiful tree that grows, almost too perfect in shape, shadowy, with shining leaves. “ Yes,’^J say, reflectively—bang 1 falls a mango 01/ the roof—“ they are full of a thousand little superstitious tricks and mysteries ; don’t you know how they pound little sticks into the ground before their enemies’ houses?” ‘•What’s that for?” from the bam | “ it brings death to any one who steps on [ them. Ob, they profess religion, and sing, and pray sincerely enough; . but as j sure as anything is the matter with them, they get frightened and send for their kahunas | “ And what might a kahuna he r’ “Oh, those kahunasl" Joe gives an im | patient kick ; “ they make me tired 1 Tiicy do the awfuiest things! They are a sort of doctor and priest combined, and everything they say is all right. Kid falls into the (ire and gets burnt. Kahuna comeB, eats a piece of roasted black pig—” It is always a black pig,” I interrupt, “ and then they go to sleep and pretend to t dream.” } “Wlio’8 telling this story?”—a , man always thinks he can tell a story better than his wife'—“ When he finishes his mummery I with the black pig, or chicken, or cat, he heats a board red hot an:i applies it to the burn. How on earth they explain matters, I when the kid dies, I don't know.” “ The strangest thing to me,” I remark, in I & meek.snubbed way, “ ia tbe anaana.” i “ I’ve heard of that,” said he of the brass buttons, lighliug a cigarette, and giving a momentary Rembrandt effect of broad white ! forehead and straight nose, and then fading back into shadow; “ but do yon really be lieve it ?” “ Believe it I Why, the kahunas have in their power every Kanaka in tiie kingdom. If they siwpect the priest going to anaana them, or pray them to death, they lie right down and die, and not all the king’s horses, cr all the king’s men, to say nothing of the white doctors, can save them.” ‘‘Well, you know,” from Joe, “Doctor Thompson says that- lie is absolutely power less to save a man who is being prayed to death. He says he has tried to argue with them that their disease is not fatal and they can not die, but they prove their side of the argument by giving up the ghost.” “ I remember when our ship was at Hilo,1’ -said the navy officer, “ we heard of a native politician who got awfully angry at three men for not voting his ticket. He paid a kahuna a'lot of money to anaana them. The three men defied- him for a time, and swag gered about, pretending not to care, but they gave right up to the first ailment they had;, one died of a cold, another succumbed tothemumps, and the third one simply kicked the bucket because lie realised that it was his fate.” “ They predicted when Like-Like was go ing to die,” I chip in. “ You never saw her did you ? She was young, bright, gay, and the best looking of the roya! family. She dressed fashionably, was a beautiful waltzer, and snoke English iluently. She seemed to be above superstition, and yet she died when they said she would.” “ And when was that ?” “ When the lava flow stopped. It would not have been so strange had she known of the event, but she died, and it was after her death that tbe steamer came in from Hawaii with the news that the lava flow had stopped the very hour when our princess breathed hex last.” “ I wonder,” says Joe, “if the lava flow ever yet caught Pole’s pig?” “ I know,” says the navy officer, “ that Pele is the Goddess of Fire and lives in the volcano. I know that she used to exact human sacrifices, and that, even now, natives will go to the volcano and drop money, foi, and even dogs into the boiling lava—but I never knew she owned such an unromantic thing as a pig.” “ Oh, she' dosen’t own him,” I say “ lie is the pest of her life 1 She hates him. The natives say be lives in the district of Kona, and that "when Pele is asleep, or, invother words, when the volcano is inaeLive, he comes out of his lair and roams over the premises. They say she gets hopping mad, and flares up, and bubbles, and finally chases him with streams of red-hot lava, and that accounts for all the flows down the Kona side of the mountain." “ Then how do they, account for the great flow of 1863 that came so near destroying Hilo ?” “ Oh that wa9 such a blow to the mission aries I” I say with a malicious chuckle. .“.They try so hard to combat the native sup erstitions" There was a big eruption, and a great flow rolled down the mountain side to ward the pretty little town of Hilo. I used to ihink that lava rushed down, and people had to run to get out of the way ; but it is like a huge wave of molasses, rolling and curling, and sending out long, snaky tougues. It cools rapidly on top, like a crust, but keeps breaking through at the edge, and bubbling. It was eight months crawling towards Hilo, until one more day’s flow would have des troyed the town,” •: Joe laughed. “ Lord 1 how the people went getting out of Hilo I Especially the Portu guese, who were leaving in shoals. The mis sionaries prayed every day'by the flow, and Dravcvs were offered up .in all the churchea. It did seem as though, after all these months, on a downward slope, nothing on earth could e the town. ‘ They appealed to Princess Rath,” .1 con ue, “ She wa3 the last descendant of the :at Kamehamehas, you know, and the tivea believed in her, so when they grew jhtened they sent for her, and the huge ncess—” - „ ' Dear little thing!” laughs Joe “ She ly weighed four hundered and eighty • Well, they carried, her in a litter to the ice, and she stood in front of the lava, and -ew in somc.sacriCccs—” . ‘A black dog, some money, a bottle of gin, 1 a silk dress,” snid Joe. —"And appealed to the Goddess. Pele, jging her to save the town, and reminding of her promise never to harm Hilo. ;n she said calmly to her servants ‘It will Do you know what she did ?” cried Joe, liusiastically; “ she went into a cottage in very teeth of the flow, and slept. There’s h for you. And it stopped ! The great, sting, moving, hideous mass of fire rolled k on itself and stopped I And there i can see to this day the black hardened i only a few yards from the outskirts of “ Ho wonder they are superstitions, says ’’.e navy, officer. “ A few such coincidences would affect anybody. I wonder, though, it the missionaries would bare called it super stition if the fiow had stopped in answer to their prayers?” “ Don’t you remember when Prince Lun alilo was buried?” says Joe; “that was enough to make anybody superstitious." ! “'What was that?” the navy officer sits up, j balancing himself in the hammock so.tbat the j moonlight glitters on his blonde head. “Teli-j us all about it.” j| “Tingaling—ling-a-ling?” ! •‘It's only the telephone,"! say, as I go to j the instrument. • “ Lieutenant B. wanted at hard the ■ “Oh, pshaw 1" from the hammock. "That j telephone is very convenient, but it is a i nuisance sometimes-r-i say, please line! ap one-forty-eight for a carriage, will yon? ; and tell us about l’rincc Lunaiilo white it is coming.” | “ Well, I say, curling up comfortable on the ' corner of the steps, “ he was an i mmense favorite, you know.” “ Yes, 1 know—jolly fellow—heard a lot of good stories about him.” “ When he died, he wa3 buried with great pomp, but for some reason or other his Blyle of burial was afterward changed, and when bis body was removed the natives asked the government for another salute of twenty four guns, to which the answer came that they had already buried him with all tne honors, and didn't propose to waste any more powder. The natives were hurt and indig nant, and though a great storm came up, thousands followed his body to its last rest ! ing-place. As the cortege passed into the gates of the cemetery, the thunder burst forth, and everybody declares that twenty four distinct claps were counted." “ Oh, take oil one clap,” says the lieuten ant, flippantly, a3 he looks for his hat. ‘‘Well, I declare! is that rain ? After this moonlight, who would have thought it! Well, good-bye. Aloha nui, as the natives say.” “Good-bye. So sorry to have you go. You ■ee ‘ Heaven weeps in sympathy.’ ” 