Publications Received. We have to hand Scribner's Magasine for Decem- ber, sent to us by the Central Press Agency ia Sydney. This is No. 6, vol. II., of the Australasian edition, the local flavour being imparted by a page or two at the close of the number containing com- ments on and notes of onr public and other affairs. The magazine proper is very rich in interest. Ifc opens with a charming and graphic account of a trip up the Nile on a dahabeeyeh, and the writers, E. H. and E. W. Blashfleld, indicate their enthusi- asm by saying that if there is anything more de- lightful in the world than one such trip it is a second. The article is written so that the reader shares with the writers the experiences which the voyagers underwent. It is effectively illustrated. "The Oak of Geismar" is a vigorously told and poetical tale of the conversion of a central German tribe to Christianity. This is followed by a pretty Bketch, entitled " Espero Gorgoni, gondolier," and beautifully illustrated, and then comes a story by John Heard, jun,, which makes the pulses thrill. It is called " A Charge for France," and among other incidents tells of a resistance to death, and how four surviving cuirassiers of twelve hundred, while the bugler plays "Mourir pour la patrie," gave up their lives. We are glad to say that a sad tale has a pleasant, ending. The two illustrations are very effective. Under the head " A Painter of Beautiful Dreams," Mr. Harold Frederic describes, aided by the pencil of Mr. Frank French, the work of Albert Moore. The joint Btory of Mr. R. Loma Stevenson and Mr. Lloyd Osbourne, " The Wreckers," is continued, and there follows a quaint ghost story in verse, told with spirit by Louise Imogen Guiney, the theme being; how that Peter Rngg the Bostonian setting out on a journey blasphemously avers that, God willing or unwilling, he will return on the seventh day, and in spite of wind and weather. The challenge is answered from heaven, and the legend is that for two hundred years Peter Rugg has vainly sought to return and that his ghostly equipage, occu- pied by a spectre driver who asks wayfarers for guidance, is frequently met in ways that .lead away from his home. Yet he has long ago repented him of his daring ^defiance, and he who dares, in the name of God,, lift the bridle rein of the spectre horse, may lead the long-wandering Peter Rugg to his home in his fathers' ¿raves. The story will remind many readers of German tales in which Divine wrath pursues for generations those who mock and flout Divine power. Sarah,. Orne Jewett tells a pretty little story of an Irish, girl who by faithful service in an American home earns prosperity for her lover and home happiness. " The Land of Pooo Tiempo" is Mexico, where it always Seems afternoon, and which Mr. Charles F. Lummis depicts with evident knowledge. The article is profusely illustrated. An' effective story entitled "A Fresh Water Romance,"-effective because it is an unelaborate tale of faithful love ; sympathetic verses on Elmwood, in memory of James Russell Lowell, by Thomas Bailey Aldrich, and some editorial observations germane to the season, close the number, which is the last of the volume. The Illustrated Sydney News for January 2 comes in a new cover; which we venturo to think is an improvement. The colour is pink, and the pictorial design exhibits the summit of the clock tower of the Sydney General Post Office, with two of the faces showing. From the top a flag streams out bearing the title of the magazine. The contents are of tho- usual interest; the pictures of chief note include that representing St. Ignatius College Dramatic Club, and that repres'enting a group of Japanese cadets with their officers. Mr.- Clement Wragge begins a series of articles on Noumea, which is illustrated. ' Thai statistical work which has won an Ans traliaa reputation, The Victorian Year Book* is to hand. Or rather the first volume for the year 1890<-1891 ia to hand. In this instalment of Mr. Hayter's valuable publication information is in- cluded under the heads Constitution and Govern- ment, Finance, Population, Vital Statistics and Accumulation. Appendices give tables of the Vic- torian revenue and expenditure, a summary of labour reports supplied by municipal authorities, census tables, etc. The Year Book io familiar to all who have to consult such work», and the copious- ness and accuracy of its information are notorious. It may be added that, under Mr. Hayter's fashion of writing every subject up to date, here -will be I found a concise statement of the federation move« [ ment in its present development. \ 