EXTRA SPECIAL WINDSOR MURDER. TRIAL OF DEEMING" Sane or Insane. Alleged Confession. Important Statements. Arguments of Counsel— An Adjourn ment Applied For— Cablegram from Deeming'a Brother. M elboubxe. Thursday. Tho doors of the Law Courts were again besieged by applicants for admission to-day, but a strong force of police prevented the entrance of unauthorised persons, though witli groat difficulty, on account of the frau- tic eagerncss of the crowd. The floor of the court was reserved for the press and peraons interested. Prisoner was brought in early and placed in tho. cell henoath the court in charge of two warders, to whom he chatted cheerfully, sayiug that he wished tho case was over, the cliinato did not suit liim, and he wanted to got back to the tropics. A strong array of legal and medical talent assembled in con nection with tho case. Dr. Spring- thorpe was examined. Ho stated that he saw prisoner for two hours on Sunday and threo hours on Monday last, and he was not prepared to discuss his mental state as to whether he is sane or not. Ho wanted more time to ascertain to what ex tent the prisoner's statements were true regarding his early life, and whether ho had keen confined in an asylnm iu childhood. He intended to inquire into the history .of his father and mother, and, possibly, prisoner's grandfather. He wished to get information from abroad on these points. Prisoner had stated that he was in an asylum, at 12 years of age, and again at IC, and had then escaped, and was afterwards taken to the House of Correction for tearing up his clothes in the street. Besides that he had since been having epileptic fits. These inquiries were intended to prove tho state of prisoner's mind sinoo that . time, which might continue to get worse, Witness would not be able to swear posi tively as to the state of his mind on any past occasion, and he bad not had sufficient opportunity of finding out what he wished. fo know or to ascertain — the nature of the ; crime, the motive of the murder, or the surroundings which would depend upon . witness' belief in what prisoner had told him. Witness believed in the accounts prisoner toliL him of the insanity of his family. A cablegram was received this morning to the effect that Walter Deeming, one of the brothers of the accnsed Williams, denies that either his father or his mother was ever insane or an inmate of a lunatic asylum. That bore out the statement made by the prisoner that all his brothers were not aware of the family insanity. Coun sel for tho prosecution pointed out that the prisoner's brother Walter had mads an affidavit which accorded with prisoner's statements. Witness also wanted to inquire into other facts, including prisoner's credi bility. Witness referred to the scars on tlioforo- head of prisoner, which might have produced insanity. He had examined prisoner in. the presence of other medicul men on Tuesday and Wednesday, but by no means exhausted the claims for insanity. Sometimes insanity could be discovered in the twinkling of an eye,, and at other times it necessitated several weekB' investigation. He thought the case an intricate one, and the general nature of the prisoner's answers were such ns to make witness believe him insane., Williams, witness- believed, to be an epileptic who had suffered from .syphilis and epilepsy. He believed liim to be suffering from paralysis of tho brain. Prisonor alleged that he saw an apparition, and said he saw his mother's ghost twice, and sont his wife home to get away from the dreadful illusion ; and that his mother had told him to kill his wife and buy her a mine, and also to change his name, and thereby escape the influence of evil promptings. His Honor said the doctors, it appeared to him, wanted to assume the functions of a jury, ana seo' whether the fucts were true, nis Honor then said, "In my mind if tho adjournment is granted the doctors will not be able to make any satisfactory statement as to prisoner's state of mind at the timo of the commission of the crime. It ' further appears that tho doctors are never able to make an opinion surer by a so-called investi gation of thcfacts outside the prisoner's mind, and to whether the statements made by him are trueor false. This investigation of hisearly history, his parents, &c.;, moans that they could undertake the functions of a jury and determine whether or not all tho facts stated by him were true or false. We have an example of the way in which they are likely to be dealt with in the cvidenco given. They would look at tho telo- gram and see whether it appa rently came from a responsible person, and then assume that if it came from a responsible person its contents must be assumed to bo responsible and correct. I therefore say that, assuming the state ments are correct, wo can form a certain opinion and this could not bo verified in tho way that it would . have to be verified in a court of justice. If the application were granted the trial might be postponed from timo to time on the same grounds for two or three years. I think it would be right to put the ques tion to the jury a3 to wlmt they may con sider was the condition of his mind at the time. Assuming that the fucts proved that it was necessary for the jury to bring in a verdict of guilty, then the verdict, if neces sary, can be remitted to the Executive, who can deal with matters that I cannot, and roceivo evidence that I cannot, and can upon such evidence, if favorable, give effect to their power to re duce or alter the seutenco passed upon tho prisoner. I cannot seo that by any post ponement of the present trial the prisoner will be in a better position. With regard to the facts upon which bis counsel at present lay stress the prisonor will be no better off thau ho is at present. I, therefore, see no reason for ft postpone ment of tho trial. Upon the decision being given Mr. Lylo consulted with his barristers, Messrs. Dcakiu and Forlongc, after which Mr. Lyle, sooing that tho plea upon which he had raised the dofeuce could not be submitted, he decidod it would bo judicious for him to withdraw from the case, regretting tho abandonment of one in whom ho had taken such an interest, and of whose innocence of wilful murder ho was con vinced. It seems apparent from the nature of tho statements made by tho prisoner that he, while suffering from the ravages of disease, sought females of tho unfortu nate . class upon whom he iuflicted ft terriblo reveuge, incited by hallucinations nffecting liim, the instinct of murder extend ing even to victims of his matrimonial vontures. Upon tho abandonment of prisoner's case by Mr. Marshall Lyle, his Honor assigned Mr. Deakin for the defence, and Mr. Furlonge to in struct us solicitor. Oil resuming after luncheon counsel for the defence applied that the plea of not guilty bo with drawn, but tho judge inaistcd that the case be determined by a jury, saying that if the defenco wished to urge a plea of insanity instead they wore at liberty to do so, but a jury must decido and not himself. From statements made by Williams to his solicitor, Marshall Lyle, and to the doctors who examined him, there is now not the slightest doubt that he is identical with " Jack the Ripper." He has practically confessed to all the crimes, giving data, and ensuring confidence in .his statements made earlier. 