' 1 - THE DOCTORS SHOOK THEIR HEADS. " 1 w-uilil irivu 11 million dollars for a .stomuck," said 11 wv litliy Anmi- icuu recently. Now, a million dollars ('JtPlo.OO')) is a deal of money, but he was not able to buy tho article even at that price. Mr. Thomas Gasktn, of Ne. 8, Popular Row, D'trley Abbey, near Derby, is not so rich us many, boitnj a gardener, but lie wits ready enough to give ' ' all he had for one thing ho hadn't got. Here is ' his story, and he shall toll it in his own way. Mr. Gaskin goes on to say : " Up to eight years ago I had never lost an hour's work through sickness. In December, 1882, whilo living at Beeston, near Nottingham, my appetite fell away, i had dreadful pnin after eating, a bad taste in my mouth, which would fill with water and slime, tho lattor so thick and sticky that I often had to roraovo it with my fingers. My chest used to 'fill up' and my thrda would swell, so I couldn't button my shirt nt th neck. I vomited n great deul, chiofly a yellowish0 green phlegm. I lrrd a racking cough, and would cough and strain till I hied ut the nose, nnd tho blood rushed out of my ears. 1 became exhausted and short of brenth and had to call tho doctor, and was in hod five or six weeks. " I then wont as out-patient to tho Nottingham Hospital, and after attending there for six mouths was very littlo hotter. I got so thin that I was like a ghost walking about, and my friends said it was all up with tne. For eighteen months I kept getting better, then worse, and at Inst tho doctors recommended me to try a change of air. So I eatne to Darby Abbey and my former master gave mo an indoor recommendation to tho Derbyshire Infirmary, Derby. I found, howovcr that all the beds in r.he hosoital were full, and I saw my cluli doctor and also two doctors at Derby. The first one said. ' Vou ure in a galloping consumption, nnd must, die; the other doctors after sounding my lung.-, and chest, snid nothing but shook their heads, " Getting a trifle better my old master allowed me to do what little I could in his gardens and grounds : and. some days I workod a little, and then v.-.nild hi- awitv for a few days. Tilings went on like, (his mitil December. ISSN, when I caught cold, got very short of breath and broke down compleiely. I was always coughing and. spitting up phlegm sometimes us much as a tencupful at upon ami was afraid to go to sleep for fear the phlegm would choke me. A.t. this time the whites of mv eyes turned yellow, and my eyes were hlo'ideiiot! My lips and mouth wore dry and parched and I often broke out into a cold clammy invent. My tongue was like a piece of brown I. wit her. mid I c.'iiiki keep nothing; down. I lost, over i it st ime weight in three works. j " I managed, to get- up for a few hours at, a r.imc hut was so weak 1 had to take hold of tho ! furniture to move a few yurds. 1 was always tired | 1111(1 weary , ami silting or lying, was never at eo and got. no real t-c.st , Ton woak to read I often sat for hours looking at. my hands — nothing ton j skin and hoii-, and was so nervous 1 couldn't benr i tho lca -t uoisc. mil the children ill. piny quite upset I mc'- ! " The doe.tnr kept o attending me. hut. lie said ! r ran do yuu no good . I nan only pnteli von up i been uso your lung.-, are diseased. I than gave o\cr, j taking his medicine and tried everything 1 eould j hear of. Oiks thing was a cough euro from i London that. cost. 22s." a bottle. But nothing did any good, and my friends who ofimo to sec me said, i 'Well, you won't cough much anger, you have j merely t . > prepire for iinutlior world." i " About, the middle of March, lSS'J. a neighbour iinmed Joseph Tuthuiu. who works in the paper I mills ar Darby Abbey, said tome, 'Tom did you I ever ry Mother Seigel's Syrup'' and told meho\v tie hurl flu. mo cured after being in the hospital. | lie spoke so Touch "in praise of this medicine | . .-id 1 1 my wife !,.. Derby and got, a bottle at Mr. i Smith Stores jn Victoria Street. After the first : dose i iia,i an evacuation black an ink. aud vomited Thofqi soil asleep and felt rested when 1 awoke. After taking the medicine for three days my i.niat ni.'ig g--t easier, my food kept down, nnd in a lew days in. .re I wan able to go out. for a short walk. By the end of ft fortnight I went to aoo my master, who asked what had wrought tho improvement, and 1 rolil him, as I toll overy one that Mother Seigel's syrup had saved my life. I commenced work at once, and have nevur lost a day's work since. " Of ei.iuso my strength did not return all at nni-ii. Inn after talking Seigel's Syrup for six months I was strong as over in my life and have continued so nvor since." In giving his consent to tho publication of this remark;,!, In statement.; Mr. Gaskin requests us to refer all doubters to him or to Mr. Keetley, Iload Gardener, Barley Abbey, who is acquainted with all tho facts alleged. Mr. Gaskin hits lived at Darley Abbey 22 years aud hoars an exaelloui reputation. Now, what was tho complaint from which ho suffered ? Not galloping consumption cortainly (as ono of tho doctors thought), or he would have galloped into his grave in less than throo montho instead of growing worso for seven years. _ His complaint was chronic inflammatoiy dyspepsia (or chronic gastric catarrh), which was lung symptamd like consumption, for which it is so often onn ignotantly mistaken and wrongly treated. When tho right remedy, Mothor Seigel's Syrup, was used tho disease yioldod as all diseases of tho digostivo tract do yield to that magnificent preparation. AVe hoarlly congratulate Mr. Gaskin on his reo covory, and commend tho facts of his cast' to all thinking poopio. 