THE SLOWBOB FAMILY GHOST. There was no end of excitement at Hollydafcwhen it became known that a gentleman rejoicing in the namtr of Timothy Slowbob had purohased Cypress Grange..' Tbe old hfrtise had been empty for many a year. It wasonce the residence of a wieksd old squire, who mortgaged •his estates to. the top^of the trees in the carriage drive, drank port until he required ail escort tobed. and was nicknamed Nimrod on account of his sporting proclivities. Thebuflmng, with its many painted gables, mossgzown terraces, and sunounding grounds, had an evil naimyairrd it was not fie sort of place a timid person would oare;to pass on a wild, Mastering night, (^th'snow in the air, aud this'wind shnekiiig lOoirsjpack of banshees. The people of .Hollydsde;^kll -agrsed that if Clypress .Grange was not haunted, it ought to be, for it.had huge p&nMled; roome, dsn and mysterious corridors, galleries \nth hers and tuma neoe of old amodr'stiU remaining upon 'the walls, and vast oellaro, where perhaps in days long past mnspiratnrw had whispered plots, or men," women, and children bad lain hidden, and trembled as they listened to the thunder of war between CaValier and Soundhead. So it was'just the very happy hunting-ground for a good old-fashioned ghost grim, ghastly, id deUciptuly transparent in the moonlight" Mr. TimothySlowbob was delighted with the place, and he bought it out of hand, no extra charge being made for cobwebs, spiders, rets, and mice. ' As for the ghost, it might walk if it Hked, or keep away. He was perfectly independent of it, one way or the other, as he had a ghost of his own—a real family ghost. He was blessed, among othor enviable things, with a handsome wife, a sturdy son and heir, an extremely pretty daughter, and plenty of money.. Some ]ieople said that he had founded his fortune on pickles; others that he had, so to speak, tumbled head first into a mine of precious* metal during the Australian gold rever ; a few whispered that he had made thousands in a staple day on the Stock Exchange; but all agreed that be was a jolly, open-handed, generous, plain-spoken, no-humbiag-about-bim gentleman, and that his arrival at Hollydale had practically saved the place. The grocer, baker, and, in fact, all the tradesmen, except the undertaker (who, by the way, knew more comic songs than anybody in the village, and sung them well, too), received such astounding orders that they met in the village street and shook hands with each other. Speech failed them, _ and they could do nothing but gasp and grin in their delight It was rather late in December, 1SS0, when the small army of bricklayers, carpenters, furnisheis, etc., turned their backs on Cypress Grange, and made room for the Slowbob family and the servants. The very first thing the new squire did was to frame a programme forthe forthcoming holidays. The wants of the poor were to be attended to. the schoolchildren to feast their hungTy little inUriors on good things and their eveB on a Christmas tree, with branches laden with presents, and —well, I am almost afraid to tell of the wonderful things put down upon the programme, lest I should not be believed. One bright frosty afternoon saw young Tim Slowbob driving his sister Dinorah to the railway station in a waggonette drawn by a pair of dark bays, which could not be matched for 300 guineas. It was a smart turn out, and Tim handled the ribbons in a masterly style; but smartest and prettiest of all was Dinorah; with her cheeks glowing "with health, her dimpled -chin making love to a sable boa— lucky boa I—her "blue eyes dancing, and her tiny feet peeping out—they insisted on peeping out, aud .would take no denial—from under a large bear-skin rug. " I wonder. Din," said Tim, as he made the whip crack like a pistol-shot, " if they will both come down by the same bain ?" To this question Dinorah'. vouchsafed no reply. It made her thoughtful, and an expression" half demure, half mischievous settled on her face. - And not without reason, for Captain Herbert Bennon—who had smelt gunpowder with ballets and cannon-halls at the business end of it, and was a perfect fire-eater—had whispered certain tender words in her ear, and repeated them on superfine note-paper emblazoned with crest and monogram. But then Stanley Gflderaon had done exactly the same thing, and beigho! it was a .choice of two, and the rivals were coming to Hollydale to spend Christmas. There had already arrived one visitor at Cvpress Grange—Jack Stanfield, the Bon of a Manchester "man, who had worked his way op from errand boy to millionaire. Jack was a rather matter-of-fact young man about twoand twenty years of sge, and looked the very last one to fall in love for some time to come. " Haven't time," he would Bay when spoken to on the subject " Tou see, my guv*nor insists upon me attending to business, and I have to drive as hard at it as a junior clerk." Jack Stanfield and Mr. Slowbob went out for a ride on horseback, while Tim and his sister drove to the station; and they were back again just aa the waggonette with its distinguished company and heaps of luggage came clattering through the drive, throwing up the snow and shaking down the hoar frost like showers of diamonds. " Here they are!" cried Timothy Slowbob, running down the terrace steps. " Welcome 1 my noble captain!—welcome Gilderson ! God bless you and us all! Merry Christmas! Come "in -come in! What splendid weather for die holidays! Ha, ha, ha ." That laugh was loud and joyous enough to aet the church bells ringing out of very sympathy, and the style in which Timothy Slowbob shook hands with the young men would have warmed a heart of stone. Captain Bennon was a tall, thin man on the. wrong side of 30; Stanley Gilderson was his junior by some five years, about the medium height, dark, and would have been good-looking had his nose not been a trifle too long for bis face. He and the captain travelled down from London in separate carriages, and had said very little to each other during the exhilarating drive from ttie station. Neither seemed overpowered with joy to see Jack Stanfield, who was tall, broad-shouldered, and as-ruddyas if be passed his life inthe opeLair; and to make matters itather .more complicated, he (deliberately lifted Dinorah out of the waggonette, aad placed her, with her feet twufklmg in the air, on .a step swept clean of the snow—which was a bold act, and a rather unreasonable one in a young man who bad not the thne to listen to Cupid'a arguments. The old diningroom teemed, with light and warmth when the party assembled later oof and if there-.was any cause for complaint, it certainly might hare come from the sumptuoudy-laid table. ** Ihave settled down at last to be a real old country squire," said Tltfiothy Slowbob, rub - lung his hands, Vahd if life is granted me, I willplay the put well. Bless mt, T can look back 40 years and see .myself scuttling along •he_foggy streets of London, withmy breakfast in-onB pocket and my dinner in the other. How little I thought then of. beiiig master of Cypress Grange, or dreamed of anything better than a small' house and a bit of garden. .But mind yon," lie added, " I sprang from a good stock. The Slowbobs were great people hundreds of years ago, nod 'on 'iny toother's side there !s aristocratic blood enough to torn the pages of Burke's Peerage blue. And that accounts for our family ghost." " Haw, haw! laughed Captain Bennon. " Do you really belief® in ghosts " I don't want to believe—I am convinced,' Timothy Slowbob rejoined. "I am not convinced, .but.I can believe,'' said Jack Stanfield. " What is your opinion on the subject^ Mr. Gflderson f WeJly," replied the gentlems n addressed, who was jitnsi aa srith. an interesting impediment in his : speech—*' weally—bow, weally, I havB never, asen. a .ghost, but I dare&ay; other people have. I should like to hear whatHIth. Blowbob thajs.' "Oh, % have never seen our fatrnly ghost but I must put implicit fiuthinmy father,'' Dinorahsaid. - *'It is one of his pet Christmas aubjects, and no doubt he wfll teU you the For my own put," Captain fonnon chimed . -U nothing would deliAt me ao much as to meet a ghoet: Iwould turn the fellow to acoount—-put him under a glass case, yon know, and exhibit him ae a curi«ity sall over the - a b m t m Hr. Stanfiddn quite Dale." - e "Under the lamplight,! Confess* Jack- replied. "But-to^teir you the truth. I have read'«nd be^ •» mueh ebout ghbets that! ehoniaiTOtJeaieto^ien^inyiiMdmuch " «>eaub}act,le(t4hat-^—" ' •" ••iV.'.i-:-: : •JbttfWiM J f Dinorah, Stanley Gilderson glared at him, and when Stanley GUdersou followed suit, the -captain frowned darkly, and glared at him. When the gentlemen were left to tbeir v.-ine it was easy to see that Timothy Slawbob needed no encouragement to tell all abeut his family ghoet^ and one hint was sufficient to set him atory," he said, "has been banded down from generation to generation. lutbe days when Charles the First sat so unsteadily on the^ throne, one . portion of the SlowixAa lived in - Buckinghamshire. Francis Sowbob 'owned a goodly estate, and led a qrot, peaceable life, but unfortunately bis two" sons, fine young fellows, took up arms— frmtk for the king, and Philip for tin- Parlia- " It was a raiserabiestats of affairs for all concerned. Their grey-haired father implored then ob bis knees to remain in brotherly lore and at home, but he spoke to deaf ears, and bis fatherly counsels passed unheeded. " Frank rode nway to join a Cavalier regiment bonnd for Oxford : Philip enlisted at TJihridge, which, after-tEhe fruitless attempt ol the representatives of the opposite parties J to form a treatyJpf peace, Tell into the hands i of the-so-eaUed Roundheads. "The winter ol 1646 passed away, and with the spring the lighting began again in real earnest. A battle was fought and won by Cromwell's adherents, aud no man felt more .fluked with triumph than Philip Slowbcb, who for his valonr had been promoted to a cap- •• On that vety day be had led a squadron of Ironsides to- , victory, . . , dashing „ through - - o- the* —, ttunned ranks of the brave but despairing i Cavaliers as it ftey were so much paper. And J now he ~ sat ""'" in his tent, writing L to *"" his father, ' ' who lay ill and- heart-broken, at home. "'The war is nearly over,' he wrote, ' and in a few months 1 hope to be with yoa again, to receive your forgiveness and blessing. If Frank lives, he wfll see the error of his ways, and join the popular cause* " He got no farther, {or the paper was suddenly snatched by an unseen hand, torn in a honored fragments,, and tossed contemptuously in the air. Filled withhorror,Philipdashedoutof the tent, and fled to another occupied by several of his comrades. White to the lips, be told them what he bad experienced: but he was only laughed at, and told he had been dreaming. •*' No, no !* he wailed : e I was in my sober, wabeful senses. My brother Frank is dead ! f 44 * And slain byyour own tond/ whispered a voice in bis ear. 1 Oh, brother, brother, that it 8hcold have come to this!' Heard -you not that V Philip shrieked. * My brother's spirit declares it was my hand that despoiled his body of breath. He cries for vengeance; his blood is on my head ! Oh, merrifnl heaven, what have I done?—what have I done V 9 44 His brother officers, in alarm, sent for a surgeon, who, havinz bled him, administered a soothing draught, and ordered that he should be put to bed without delay, and closely watched; for Philip's sudden malady was put down to a raging fever which often attacked men fresh from the field of battle. *• Philip made no resistance whatever. He repeated his coiivictioa th.it his brother Frank was dead, and then lying down, talked calmlv, butsndly, to the mm placed in the tent, " Now PhtliD suddenly saw a change come over the soldier. His cap of steel became a gaily-plnraed hat, his breast-plate was transformed into a tonic, and the man's rough features melted into the likeness of Frank. 44 Philip knew that be was in the presence of his brother's spectre, and he lay specrchless, and bound under an awful spell. "' Brother.' said the ghost, ' do not take my deatli to heart. You slew me innocently in the charge, and all I ask is that you will seek my body, and see that it is put decently under the earth. 1 died for my conntry, and I am per- mitted to come to you for a brief time, to tell you that whenever a member of our family is iu danger of sudden calamity or of harm being done. I shall warn him or her, as the case mav be. Sach I shall do m the spirit, because i lost my. life at my own brother'* hands, and the curie that is upon him is upon me, for we were at variance, and our hands against each other. I am doomed to haunt the «arth from time to time. Adieu, Philip! Throw aside your arm's and hasten home: our father is dying, and it is only right that one of his sons should receive his blessing.' "Philip uttered a sharp cry and started up, and lo! there sat the Ironside leaning drowsily on his sword. The young officer tras so inuch impressed with the vision, that on the following day he received permission to return home. Aud only just in time. His father was dying: the sands of his life were running out fast, but he was still conscious. "* Oh, my son,' said the old man, 'I have prayed that you might return. I have already seen Frank, but not in the flesh. He is dead dead—dead! Woe the hour that you left my roof! And here under this roof lead "a new life. "Repent of the grievous error you have committed. Repent in true siocerity of heart, for your rime is short" " The old man'a lips moved again, but the words died away, aud his spirit fied. " Philip shut himself up in the old house, Eeeing nobody but his mauservant, and ere the year passed he pined aud died." "Ith&y;," lisped Stanley Gilderson, as Mr. Slowbob ceased speaking, " what a dweadful Bthory! Hath the ghohth ever been theen ?" "On several occasions," Mr. Slowbob replied, solemnly. " ily grandmother waa engaged to bo married to a ne'er-do- well who had a gree'dy eye on her money, and the ghost warned her father of — it. — I firmly believe that if „ any rascal or adventurer ever came to my house the ghost - 1 —' would ,J appear and * frighten " ~ L him ' out * of " Captain Herbert Bennon sat silent, and fidgeted about as if certain ugly thoughts troubled him. He was none too rich, and nod made up his mind to woo and win Dinorah, but he wished that she had a better name to change than such a one aa Slowbob. It certainly was not commonplace, but on the other hand it wasneithermusical nor aristocratic. " By the way," he said, "I should imagine that the family name was originally Sloe bough, and became corrupted." "Slowbob is good enough for me, at all events," returned his host, rather sharplv. " If it had been Thickhead, I -should have had to pnt up with it." l On the following morning, after breakfast, i Captain Bennon buttonholed Jack Stanfield, and whispered something mysterious in his ear: 1 , " Oh, yes," Tacksaid: '•"it can be managed B without much trouble, but it is rather a dark f plot. It might end in fits, vou know." d "I—I may trust you I Thopef" the captain stammered. Certainly." Well, than, I don't mind telling you that 1 am madly in love with Dinorah Slowbob, and that I would -charge an army single-handed to make her my wife." Iwill get what you ask, and hava it . sent down in mv name," Jack said; ''but you must be extremely cautious. It would beafearlnl h thing if any mistake was made. Fancv, ior instance, an inquest at Christmais-tide! 'The bare thought is too horrible to contemplate. About an hour later Jack .Stanfield went for " constitutional " in "the park. Bis face underwent several changes' as he strode along like a young giant. Sometimes he looked very grave and exerosed-in his mind, but how and then ha broke into a loud la.ugh, and snapped bis fiugeis contemptuously. Any stranger might have thought that he was rehearsing a part for amateur theatricals, but there waa something more than acting passing in Master Jack's mind. Suddenly the reDort of a.gnn and the whirr of s strong-winged pheasant startled him. l ''Mined again, sir," said acmff voice. i " Mithed! I've done nothing but mith the f irdth. Here take the beathly gun; Edwards: y Gngerth are tho numb that I can't feel hem. Ith time that l went back, as luntheon uth be almost ready." I "' "Ha victim—the rival.' X mean," muttered: ack Stanfield. " And hem he comes. Happy' birds, to have no.more formidable marksman to ear!" Stanley GQdereon .was a eight to see. His get^ up" would have made the heart of a sportiug tailor glad, lor his costume was' as perfect as his shooting waa thB direct oppo- *'Oh, I thay, Sthanfield, you are the very -man I want to thee," he cned. "Ton may go bask, SdwaKls, tutd take that beathly gun with yon. I than't want it any more while irmhere.".. The keeper touched his hat as he pocketed half-a-sovereignj Ond muttered, as ha turned spoo-hisheel:: -. - . ' 1 " And a good job, too. The way be handled that 'ere'gun made -me think that .he'd been practising at bottles instead cf pheasants." Stanley Gildeuon todk Jack -Stanfield's arm in the most'friendly manner, imaginable, and as he began tall^ Jsudrt eyas grew; -rounder aUd roundBr.^ . • ~ ; \ fi " You'll ^oit for ine, my good fellow, ikoh't "Say no more," Jack interrupted, "I will write soon after luncheon." On the morning of Christmas Eve a bulky parcel arrived for Jack Stanfield, and as Boon as it had been conveyed to his room he commenced to deoce roand it as if he had suddenly taken leave cf hissenses. » ' * • ® * * It wa6 the witthing hour of night, whenchurchyards, according to the immortal bard, yawn and graves give up their dead. Midnight! Let a mall be where he may, there is something mysterious and-uucanny iu the air after the clock has ceased striking.twelve, until chanticleer, the herald of the morn, proclaims the coming day. Bold is the man who would prowl about the cloisters of the cathedral or meditate in an old Norman church when the earth is so still that silence seems- to have a voice of its own—ghostly murmuriagsof departed sounds of busy day. It also requires some nerve to sleep in a house reputed to be haunted, and especially in one where the owner, like Mh Timothy Slowbob, boasts having a pet family ghost. Jnst as „ the ^ hands ,„ of the ^ ^clock ^ were „OIO pointing ,„„„„ to-the hour of twelve, and tha-bammer trembled and throbbed in its action to> strike the there appeared in the picture- gallery the tall and spectral figure of a Cavalier. The costume of the ghost was perfect in every particular, even to the long gleaming rapier which lus ghostship had drawn -nod 'clutched m a dead white hand. Ghastly and iuminous- was the figure's face, and noiselessly moved the Slowbob family ghost over the polished floor, bright and shining in the light of the full moon. Oh, it was a blood-curdling and hideous eight! At both entrances to the haunted picture gallery ran a- passage, with spacious bedchambers on each side. Now, the spectre in entering upon its midnight stroll must have passed Stanley Gilderson's sleeping apartment; if it held its course, it would come upon the room occupied by Captain Herbert Bennon. Ou stalked the spirit of the restless Cavalier, Suddenly it stopped and performed a very unghostlike skip, for at the opposite end of the gallery stood a rival spectre! Ghosts are very jealous. They do not care for company, but revel in solitude, and it is no wonder, then, that this particular ghost should be much put out at finding thatit had a rival in a select line of horrifying harmless people into fits. Ghost Number One lowered the point of its sword, and craned its neck aa if half convinced that there must be a tall mirror at the end of the gallery. Ghost Number Two seemed to be in trouble with its plumed hat, and came straight on. " Ah-h-h! Oh!" gurgled Ghost Number One. " Y&h-h-hOh;!" shrieked Ghost X-umber Two. Then both howled in chorus,- until the house resounded from end to end with the hideous sounds, and havins startled everybody from their beds, fell fiat and lay still. " Lord bless us, what is the matter ?" roared Mr. Slowbob, tearing out of his bedroom. " Tim—Jack' there's either a pack of wild cats or the very deuce in the honse!" He was armed with a club, a relic of the past, snch a one as the ungrateful Bavage might have taken Captain Cook's life with. " Don't bo alarmed," naid Jack Stanfield. " The Slowbob family ghost has laid itself—or, rather, two of them. Come aud see "' When the servants came rushing upon the 6cenu with lamps aud candles, aud armed with weapons, fiom a blunderbuss down to a toastiu;t-fork, the ghosts were found in the picture gallery. Thsre, in the moonlight, cold, white, and motionless, they lay. Poor things, they had fainted. " What the dickens is the meaning ot this V" hellownd Slowbob, senior. " wily, here's Mr. Gildcram and Captain Iteiiuon tricked out like masqueraders." "They had better betaken to tbeir rooms," Jack Stanfield said," and at a more suitable time I will explain all." " Explain all r" gasped the old gentleman. " It will take some time to explain why my T house should be turned iuto a galantyshow." m By this time the " ghosts" were slowly recovering, and they were borne awav in oppo- c t site directions, us limp as rags. Then Jack h Stanfield gave vent to his feeiings. He laoghed till he cried, and cried till he laughed. He hung on to anything and everybody he could catch hold of, and looked so apoplectic that Tun Slowbob thumped him on the back like a drum and..brought him round. . " It's thefunniest thing yoti ever iieard of,"liV said, with tears of mirth still streaming from his eyes. " Captain Bennon asked me to gel him a Cavalier's dress to play the ghost with. His idea was to pav Gilderaon a visit, and frighten him out of the bouse. And—ha, ha, ha, oh, my sides'.—Gilderson conceived the same id**a, and I had the costumeB sent down from London. They both rubbed their hands and fa-PS with phosphorus, and—oh. brave ghosts of the Slowbob family!—they met. I think—ha, ha, ha!—they would have been glad to go underground, but the floor was jnst a little too eolid." Neither Captain Herbert Bennon nor Stanley Gilderson seemed to care much for the Christmas sports, and although no word waa uttered by their kindly host or any member of his family of the nocturnal revels, "both had made up their minds to leave Cypress Grange as soon as t-liey oould within the bounds of politeness. They deputed next day, travelling ineeparate carriages, and each in his heart bade a Ic-ng and lasting farewell to Dinorah. Early in the enBuing spring the gallant captain saw a notice in the Tumi' to the etfect that Dinorah Slowbob had changed her name to Stanfield. ''Confound it!" said the captain, tearing- the paper iu two. " She would have been my wife now if it had not been for that lying story about the Slowbob family ghost." And, strangely enough, Stanley Gilderson was of the same opinion.— Weekly Iludpet. 