TiIIBI!S0 o1A6 OF GOULAIURN. 'PUBLIO RECIPTION. As briefly mentioned in last isonsue a publio reception was given on \Vednesday afteornoon to the Bislop and Mrs. Chblmers on the Agricultural Society's show-ground, and addresseo were prosouented to the Bishop from the members, of the Church of England resident in the diocese and from the resident ministors of other Protestant donominations. The presentations took place in the pavilion, which had been artistically -draped with flags and decorated with filower by. the ladies' committeo appointed to carry out the re coplion, and tile pretty appoearance of the Lbuilding reflected credit on them and showed that these must have been energy nod industry at work to make sucd a transforma ton Ituro its usnal bare aspect. The ladios had also provided refreshments for the com pany, and there were tables nladen with every kind-of dolicacies ready to be partaken of. The committen consisted of Mesdamos 0. S. Alexander, S. W. Aloxandor, J. Blaxland, E. B, Barber, A. M. Betts, J. Boud, A. Chiaholm, W. OChsholm, Carroll, J. Cooper, A, F. Gibson, A. A. Kerr, A. Lanadowno, T. F. Moyer, and I. Shepherd; Misses Ander son, Botts, Moriarty, and Puddicombo, and many other ladies. The pavilion was crowded, the company including the visiting Bishops; the visiting clergy ; several of the clergy of the dioceseoo ; the Rovevs. A. r. Tait and J. Fullon (Presby terian); W. W. tnoledgo (Wesleyan), and J. W. Holdon (Primitive hoMethodist); the load ing layman of the church resident in Goul burn and other parts of the diocese, and many adhorents of other denominations. Mr. T. Bose M.P. was present, and Colonel Holborow M,'. sout an apology for his uonavoidable nabsence. On the nrrival of the Bishop nod' Mrs. Chalmers, thie latter was mot at the door of the pavilion by a nutmber of ladies who wel comed her to oulbulrn. and presonted her with a choice bouquet of flowers. A raised platform had been erected.at the western end of the p:avilion, and, hero the presentation of the addresses took place. The first was that from the laity of the diocoee and the presentation was made by Mr. C. S. Alexander P.M., who had comerto Goulburn from Maitland whor e he had been recently oilloiating asn noting police magistrate, to be present at the consecration and insiallation coroemonies. Adireasing the Bishop Mr. Alexander said tlhat he had boon deputed by a committee duly appointed to presoent an address of.weloomo to hig Lordsehip from the laity of thlio diocese. No doubt the reason why. ho had been choeun was boeauso it had boon hie pleasure to witness some twenty eight years ago the inslallation of the late Bishop in the old cahurhol by the thon Dean of Goulburn. He (Mr. Alexander) with others had had the privilege of ehjoying the friend ship and esteem of the late Bishop during hie episcopate, and ho trusted no not of theirs would prevent them from possaesing the friendship and esteem of Iris sucoessor. He thon.road the adldrtes as follows: To the night lOv. Willlaou Chalnror B.D., Lord Bishop or adnendrnh. May it please your Ionlse ,--WO desnire on beholf of ten mombers of the herunr ot England lu Oomulbrn to congratuloto yoaurLorlds hip upolrn btig called and duly consecrated rn aeuo.,rl reeo wh tiho yrodlcanl reoerrarnt of tlo Olrhe rchrof. Erglaud inr Auntralra and Tasunula to the Important posithoe of thre Bishop of thlin dlooes. No one can Rgalray the wonds of 0t. Paul, " that I a man desire ihao uCop of n lisrop lio e esroth a good work;" and boelieving a l eo do tlrt tuod las endo wed you wtih tiue qlat erprt:a that am noeceuary for the dlschargo or tlil duties of an oeersoee of the Ohureh of Ohrlst, we thlanokflly hall your advet amongst ns, whilst wo beill over recogunis tIe duty of sastnlnloi aod ol cping yso in every good work, Iofayleg also that, grllted and blessed by tlIe Hlly splrt, your eplecopano throh hoolt theolength ah d breadth of the diocese. oe cannot conceal frorm ourroles, as ae wourld niot lim ysour Lordeol,, , that "theor remalorlh rUoh oand to be osueserd," that the work is gerat ain onerou?, that ceoll.uiFral aond rolfaeurilco wlll eo rtoluird; hllt the work Is aode, rllrd the prorm sea of Cod go arlth the work. Sustained r ld r oothold by the minlghty Ilper, wo rmay that you may reallr o thUeh oe e o e the o s ad apperopriate chare, "As I wos ith Moeons o oI will bhe witho lee, t eill nrt toll tloee or farsake thum, ons be than strong and very eourageous." We desire also to welcomo Mrs. Chnlmors amounst g a, and truset yor will obth, far many years to cone, bJ enabled to carr on tile work of a dlocos0 so ably begun, ant co tlnlal to hat death, by the first Bishop of doulburn and Irlo devoted rwie. We ore, YTour Lordship's tition1 aeevats, ' W. H. I'OANALL, Dean / . ' ' nb$$}eCA: hLttfSR4 hl~oa-tf . 0\. S. ALErXArDER, trember of Synor d A. i. Brers, Member of Synod. Theo.Re. iV. W. ltutlodgl then ascentded the platform, and addressing the Bishop, said it was irie privilege on behalf of the ministers of thel othler Protestaot denomina tions to preseot him with an address of welcome. Mr. Rutlodge thou read the fol lowing addrens: To tCle Rinht Roe. W. Ohaulners B.D., Bishop of eight leor. and Dear Sir,--We, lio h nlolerrer ot tthe Protestanot'hurches outside te Church of oEurglad, reosidot In th city of (tolburn, doesi r to eautnd to you,on our owun behalf end that of rothe dalonatioru we reprepte, our heaorty aod anythoioa wrelconao on tha onucaaon of your comning amongst us as Binhop of the Ohurch ot Eugland in thin di?cene. ?Vo. onfer you irr respectfuol connratnlatlais upon your appolntmnlt to the opioropal rbenoh, nd vwe doubt not that yoou will bring to teo dishareoO of tho fanction of your hige oflce thO same administrativeo ability s a dignitary of th Ale ullau eommuulou nod catholeoity of splrit as a minister of Ohrlot alnoh have been no constpiuaoe in yoar career up to ther paseat. Veo earnestly era that uadreyor towieo od bocnaelet etpoenislu t "tho Hoot over wiohadi IIoly Ghost Lath madeyoo overaeer" may he Greatly blessed; that your tepsooedati oas long, prosperous, and peacoefl; add •thate outsde our ow. ehuh sour itlunuco mon be andwonfu l g td, o the spiritual fled of the peoplo0.ar D atle xto0lon o tle Ro edeoeer's ktingdom. SWe are, right roe. and dear sir, yours slueorely, A. MseoDoo.U TAT Presbyteriao Onhureh (Slt. Aodrrw's) W. Woonmt ttlerrgona, Wesleyan Ietohodlot Church J. WnLTO HOLnurN, Prootilo Iolthodilst hurchk Josnrr FLro0o, l'ersbyteer n Ohurk (TrloIttI). toalbkrn, Nov. lod 1892. The Bishop of Gonlburn, who ewas recoivod with applause, said ho was sure the members of the 0huroh of Englrnd would pardon hin in first makinug ouch reply 0as Ie could to the address he lhad received tirough Mr. Rutlodgo, from the mininters and members of other Pro testantdenomiontiouen than tile church ofEog land, beoause they had been good nouough to go out of the ordiuary way to give ihim a greoting and weolcomeo to Goulburn and to wish him prosperity in his sphere of labour. He could assuro those ministers that duriug his ministry beho id had groat exporieuoo of ministers of otloer denominations in other planoes. Pur inetnno ho recollected that in one village, which formed part of a parish he formerly had, there worn no lse thaIn Beven different place of worship belonging to othllcer donominations. He folly symp thlised with any nod every good work, no matter by whom it was dono. It wasr not brornming for any eorvant of the Mastnr to find fatlt roith work dotic for Him beoouse it was not done exaolly in ncoord with bis own views ; andho trostld he ounld never noglect to roeogtieo the good work done for Chrrist outside the Chutch of England. (Applauon.) He wa0 glad to hr able to say that during the many years of hie ministry in the colony of Vietoria it had been his privilege to be aeqatriohlrd with many ministers of other deuomrnrnions, and in come instance to class them amroogt ilis personal friends; and he could hrave no greater plensure than to onperietoa thie ame thing Ibere. (Applauoe.) Hn had ulso up to a certain point and in elrtnin directiono boon able to work in harmony with other miristeri . For instance in the last parish hr hbd, that of St. Androw's, Brighton, aud which he hld left to nodertkoe the worko of this diocese, tire other ministers and himself had combined together to give ruligioue instruotion in the etato schools, because as they know there ie no provision made by the government to give snchbinstructioeu, and whratover of such instruc tion is given mnst ho done vohlntary by tha different religiors hodieo; and ho was glad to say tliat the various riuintiers in Brighton combineod, and irreroprd a programme by which at lerrt onrc' a reeck a ririrrter ef tile different roligioro' rodies virityrd thu airoolo and gare the ehlilorero intrucltioor in bhoon things whicl are nile to make threm wino uto seltlaion. O couren points arise iu the raib tiuns of ministers of different denomiuations whero they muwt part; all he could say was, lot them ugree to go together as far as theoy coold, and when they had to eoparato, lot them do so ao frienda. (Applanus.) The fact of tho various divisions oristiog amolog Christians bad olways been a matter of mush thooght to him, anod ho load prayed God tratI in HiM orct morcy He would be pleaned to hool these divisions nod haro His eeerants dweli in harnony with one another. He wae aware thorn wer, many dilficulties to overcome before such a consummation could he brought about; hot the Lord wos able It make all things plain. They shoold pray frr nioe, and knowing that" the Great Head of tho Chourc was aulo to do it, oomewhere or other outside their knowledge their prayer might be answered. He prayed God that his beat blessings may rest on other Protestant miniters of Goulburn and on the bodies they minister to. (Applause.) Tihe Bishop then replied to the welcome address of the laity of the Church of England. He said he was truly. thankful to them for their address, and as they had mentioned his wife ho would speak for her first. tio could only say that whatever fitness he himsell had for the offic lie had been called on to fill, his wife had quite as much in her own sphere. He was well aware that it was a bad practice to praise people to their faces, but in this in stance he would depart from tile ordinary custom, whieh was sometimes that of dopil. elation (laughter), and say, if he had never before done a good work, he had now done one by bringing Mird. Chalmers to Goulburn ; and he hoped tlhey would soon find it to be so. (Applnuse.) He took the address to have come from the lay members of the Church of England, and he would tell them that he was heartily in accord with the threefold constitu tion of bishop, clergy, and laity, adopted by the Church of England in those colonies, and was thankful to know that the laity of the church were permitted to occupy a place in its councils and in its various operations. In tho diocese he had just left, for forty years ,past lay co-operation had received a hearty welcome, and from his own experience he could say that he had never known the influo once of the laymen in that diocese to be used in any way but to the benefit of the church. They had always evidenced a large.hearted. neons and tolerance and an earnestness which in some instances it would be well if the clergy imitated. His election as Bishop was in a great measure due to the large-minded. ness of the laity. On the nightof theo lection he was a long way off from Goulburn, and nnturally he felt some desire to know the result, and a kind friend promised him to telegraph it to him " Ho (the Bishop) had in hlis then pariah a good churchlwardoe, who was also anxious about the election, and he called at the pardonngo two or three times during the evening to inquireif any news had arrived. At last about ten o'clock a wire came, and shortly afterwards the church warden again called, and on being told the news, he replied, "upon my word I never ex pected it. After the shabby way in which the people of Victoria have treated the people of Now South Wales in commercial matters, I never expected that the diocese would elect n Victorian clergyman." (Laughter.) This was an instance of the large-heartedness of the laity, who had on that occasion risen above tho influenae of potty commercialism and parochial delimitation to elect him their Bishop. (Laughter and applause.) In con clusion he regarded the word "laity" as em. bracing women as well noas men. Whilst the men had, so to speak, to out their way into the councils of the church by means of local legislation, the women long before had taken the place by storm, without any legislation or ordinance of synod, and had. become earnest workers for and in the churoh. When in Gouliurn a abort time back, he was informed that he would :find here amongst the ladies, earnest and zealous workern in the oau'se of Christ and he was sure that the large number of ladies present were not going to lot himbo dis appointed, and that be would be made strong for his work by their hearty co-operatiou and fidelity to the cause of Christ. He hoped, with theirprayers and aid, to be strengthened and enabled to carry on the work so nobly commenced by his venerated predecessor, and that the diocese at large would prosper. (Ap. plause.) The refreshments provided were then par taken of, and the remainder of the afternoon was spent in social iteorcdursa. The Bishop and Mrs. Chalmers were the centre of attrao tion, and 'they have by their courtesy and affability made an oexellent impression on all with whom they have boon brought into contact; and judging from remarks made, it will not be long before they will have won the esteem and love of tihe members of the church over which the Bishop has been mado overseer. 