A GHOST IN THE FORETOP. TOLD BY A MAN BEFORE THE MAST. Aitnougn l am Known by the name of " Lying Rube,” I vouch for tho truth of the following varu, only begging landsmen to re member that truth is often stranger than fiction. In the year 18011 sailed from Liverpool in the Witching Syren lor San Francisco with a general cargo. I don’t know that tho crew on this occasion differed much from the usual crew of the Syreu ; but there was certainly ono mau who differed very much from all tho mess* mates we ever had. This was “ Woeful Bill" —at least, wo callod him by thatnarao—his real name ou the ship's roll was William Spikey. Ho always looked struck-of-a-hoapish liko ; ! wouldn’t associate with any of us ; and was constantly pacing tho darkest part of tho ship, muttering and arguing soma point with himself. Tais we didn’t care for, and I was chosen to what you landsmen call" interview" him, aud get to know what the douce was tho matter with him. We rathor pitied him than other wise, becausowo thought he was eufferiug from some terrible misfortuuo. Well, one night I drew alongside Bill, who was just then in u vory lively argumout with himself, ^ I bogan by asking him what cargo ho hod in his mind, whore lie was bound for, etc. It was a dark night, with a protty stiff 'un blowing. After I had bothered him a good bit without gettiug any reply, he suddenly stopped short aud hissed in my port oarholo—“I'm a murderer!" Every hair stood on my head as stiff as a marlin’ spiko, aud evory oue of iny old timbers Bhiverod; but after getting breath a bit 1 began to Ulk to him. Tho upshot was this: On hie last voyage he had pushed a mate over board during a storm. Why did he do it.? The man and Bill had fought a day or two before, aud tho mato had given Woeful Bill a good thrashing; that's all. • I reported to my comrades, keopiug sooret. out of pity for Woeful Bill, tho fact that he had "intentionally” pushod the man over board, 11 Well, we soon all forgot this little incidout, for the weather began to be stilUsh directly we got into bluo water, aud we had quite enough to do without thinking about Wooful Bill, Nick Bonson came to us one night, looking sheered, and told us he had hoard au unearthly I voice from tho foretop shouting, "Lookout, below!” | We all laughed at Nick, and tbo matter I dropped for a day or two, though, dash mo if I 1 could got it out of my bead; uud I noticed tho others gave the foremast as wide a berth as possible after nightfall. Nick Benson cams to us again ono night just after eight bulls (midnight), and told uh the same yarn. This time he looked properly struck of a heap. Wo had arogular confabula tion about it, and we oil agreed to assemble next night at eight bells round tho foremast. Just as the eighth bell sounded, by tho living Jingo! a weird voice cried out—— " Look out, below!” It wasn’t a whUper, either. Every man’s hair roso straight up, except tho bosun’s, who was baldboaded, you know. Meantime, tho skipper must have been giviug orders, for down he comes from the poop m a anvil of a tuutrum, using nuy amount of bud language. The bosun explained matters, and tbo skipper called us a puck of demented jackasses. It's not nice to be rated a jackass, but a demented jackass was too bad, and I’m afraid wo usod somo bad lan guage about it. Tho same thing took placo every night, till we all felt quite besuiggerod. As sure as eight bells went, the strange voice would about from the foretop—* Look out, below!” Every raau Jack refused to go aloft. The skipper called the bosun, and says ho— "Bosun, you've sailed with me above a voy age or two. Now, what do you call this?” (meaning the refusal of the men to go aloft). "I calls it a ghost, sir,” said tho bosun. " Ghost bo hanged, sir; I call it mutiny on the high seas!” roared tho skipper. "But I’ll settle this thing; bosun, tomorrow night muster all hands at tho foromost before eight bolls—all hands, mind.” Accordingly, just lefoie eight le'ls nox night wo had all mustered ut tho foremast. The skipper and first ofiicer had loaded revolvers. The ship’s roll was culled, aud every ono answered except tho man at tho wheel. Just as tho eight bolls bogan to sound’ I Baw tho skipper and first officer raise their barking irons to cover the foretop; but the strange voice, more energetic than ever, cried out: " Look out below!” It was a caution. Tho ghost was evidently getting rather vexed. Our kuooB simply knocked together liko so many woaviug machines. Tho skipper then roared out: "Let go!” And down upon tho dock, with a tremoudous crash from the foretop, dropped a long irou bound box or locker. Indeed, Nick Benson says to this day it was a coffin. As soon as tho box touched tho dock its lid flow open, showing that it was empty. Now, I had seon tho skipper whun our ship was breaking under us on a roof of rocks, but he never quailed; but when this box came down ho just looked a bit skoered, but only for a minute. Ho said : " Now, meu, this hox- has evidently come for a cargo. There’s somo skunk uboard the Witchiug Syren. I’ll get in aud see if it’s for So saying, he got in. Thon tho first officor ?ot in, and so on until every inau jack had boon in the box, " Bosuu, who’s at the wheel?” " Woeful Bill, sir.” " Reliovo him, and fetch him here.” As soon aa Woeful Bill saw tho box, aud tho skipper told him to get in, ho drew liie knifo and put himself iu fighting attitude, threatening to do for anybody who came noar him; but the skipper kept quite cool. Covering Wooful Bill with his revolver, lie said: “I am comtuaudorof this ship. I will give you threo minutes' grace; 'if you don’t get iuto that box, which we nave all boon in, I’ll shoot you dead os a rattan.” Wooful Bill paused a bit, arid then scemod reckless; he got into tho box in a jiffoy. As soon as he was inside, the lid of tho box came down with such a crash that we thought ovorv timber in the ship was shivered. As true as I live, Father Neptuno boarded us at that moment, seized tho hox by the handlo with one hand, and jumped overboard with it. Wo never saw Woeful Bill again. 