news of the day. This being tho Prinoo of Wales's Birthday, The Age ofiioo will ho closed for goneral busi ness at 10 a.m., and reopened at 6 p.m. Botwecn tho hottrs namod advertisements may be left witli tho caretaker in attendance. It is probablo that tho report of tho Legisla tive CounoiL oommitteo - on the constitutional question in connection with the Stamp Duties Bill will ho prcsontod to the House to-morrow, tho oommitteo having complotcd its delibera tions and propnrod its finding. Tho oommitteo will, it is understood, adviBO the House to the elTeot that thoro are strong grounds for tho pro cedure followed in amending tho Stamp Duties Bill, and that there are cases on record whioh justify the stand takon by the Couuoil that it lias the power to amend a monoy bill by rejecting portions of it, or to nmond maohinory clauses in detail, as was done in tho coso in question. Having taken up this view of tho technical side of tbo matter, it will be left to tho House to decide what oourso to follow, as a question of oxpcdioncy ; as its insistence on its right to amend money bills would inevitably provoko a struggle with tho Assembly, and tho eonso of tho Houso, as also of tho committee, was against the provocation of a conflict at this critical stage in tho affairs of the country, the House may cither wnivo its olaim to what it hoIdH to bo legally its own, so that the interests of tbo oountry may not suffer, or it may ask tho Assombly for a conference, so that tho prcce- donts on either sido may bo compared. Ou tho othor hand, tho Government and tho Assembly are fully dooidod that tho olaim of tho Oounoil cannot ho maiutainod. Though tho Government had plonty of work ready to bo proceeded with in tho Legislative Assembly yosterday, Ministers were quite power- loss to lead the House in making satisfactory progress with tho tranBaotion of publio business. Tho scandalous waste of timo was the more romarkabla as members wore invited to doai with the important and popular subjeot of puhlio sorvioo retrenchment. On this question Sir Bryan U Loghlcn put mmsclt muon in evi dence and led tho opposition against tho Public Servioo Retrenchment Bill beiug further con sidered in eommittee. Last week an entire sitting . was dovotod to this measure, wliioli simply provides for tho salaries of officers in tho employ of tho State, excepting only tbo Govornor and judgos of tho Supromo Court, being out down for tho onrrcnt financial year to tho extent of 2 J per oont. ou salaries between £150 and £300 per annum ; 5 per oont. on salaries between £300 and £750 ; anil 74 per cent, on Baiarios of £750 and upwards. The prinoiplo of tho hill was affirmed last week, but membors were not deterred by that faot from making long, rambling seoond reading speeohes in committee, and much time was frittorcd away in pleading the cause of some dozon highly paid officors, whoso salaries have boon fixed by spcoial appropriation, and, it was argued, should thoro- fore bo exempted from tho retrenchment pro posals. Sir Bryan O'Loghlon yestorday ohampioned the caiiBO of the constabulary force, tho members of which, he hold, should bo exempted from tho operations of tho bill ; but editors and nowspaper proprietors do not commend thomselves to tho learned baranot, and he suggested to the Govern ment that if it wanted rovenuc it should tax those gentry, bnt leavo tho " force " untoaohod. Tho member for Port Fniry did not seem to havo made out a strong case, as tho oommitteo rejected his proposal without even disoussing it. Though defeated ignominiously oil his first point, tho loarnedbaronot came primed with many others whioh he persisted in firing oil throughout tho evening, although it was speedily mado manifest to tho lion, member that ho could not count on the sympathy of more than a handful of members. It will hardly be credited that a discussion lasting three hoars was initiated on tho question whothor tho tail poppies in tho service should bo protected against retrenchment. Sir Bryan O'Loghlon raised tho question whothor Parlia ment would not be a party to a breach of con tract if it agreed to a reduction of tho salaries of officers paid out of spocinl appropriations. Both Sir Henry "Wrixon and Mr. Gillios gave cordial support to this proposition, and carried it a little further by arguing that officers undor spcoial appropriations could not bo reduced without compensation. Tho Govern- ment viow of tho matter was stated by Mr. G. Turner, who explained that the Cabinet thought tho proper course would bo 'to deal uniformly with all officers. To Mr. Taylor the Government rotronohment proposals spolt repudiation, and to Mr. Harper they savored of dishonesty. But Mr. Patterson proved himself muah more in touch with tho committee, and his statement was cheered all round the Chamber that tbo oivil servants must submit to tho altered conditions of tho country, whioh oouid no longer pay high salaries to an overmanned public sor- vico. Some members took exception to tho salary of tho Governor and Supremo Oourt judges being oxempted from the scheme of re- duotions, but that point was not pressed, and aftor three hours had been oonsumed in urging tbo samo points over and ovor again even hon. members grew tired of the topio, and a division was demanded by Sir Bryan O'Loghlcn, who moved that the elauso referring to officers paid out of special appropriations be struck out, but, finding himself only supported by some 10 mombers, did not persist. 'Though dishcartonod, but not dis couraged, tho learned barouot made several other efforts to introduce amendments, but without succoss, and atlongth Sir Bryan doslstcd and retired from the Chamber in disguBt at fiodiug himself standing almost alono in his opposition to the measure. New ground was broken by Mr. Webb, who wished to mako the anticipated savings' of I). 1 £60,000 a year by retrenchment permanent. To retrench for a slnglo yearonly struck him as being "paltry in the extreme." Tho country at the last general election deolarcd overwhelmingly in favor of retrenchment, and, oeoording to tho Cnstorton programme, the reductions were to bo carried out for tliroo years. Tho requirements of tho Tronsuror would ha groator next yoar than now, and undor tiieso airaumstanaos Mr. AVolib held that tho Ministerial limit was an absurdity. Sir Graham Berry explained that by a bill of two lines retrenchment could ho continual! next year, and this view satisfied tho committee. All animatod disoussion ensued on an amend mailt submitted by Mr. White, that no salaries below £200 a year bo retrenched. The amend ment was opposed by tho Government, as it would rcduco the anticipated savings by £25,000 for tho yoar. It was, however, urged with great force that an offioer in receipt of £200 a year or under could least afford to have his earnings lessened and at tho same time bear increased burdens by heavier taxation in othnr directions. Upon a division tho amendment was earriod by 31 votes to 25. The Ministerial coiner, which was ehlcfly responsible for this reliof to the poorer paid grades of the publie sorvicc, offered to oomo to the assistance of the Government, /and make good the loss ontailcd by raising the minimum at which the retrenchments arc to start. Thoy offered to incrcaso tho goalo on tho larger salaries to a maximum of 15 per oont., bnt tho Government was so much put out by its ilofeat that it declined to proceed further with tho consideration of tho sohoiliile. At 11.35 p.m. progress was reported, and the Houso adjourned until Thursday aftornoon. The meeting of the Legislative Council yester day aftornoon was a solemn function. The vacant chair of the Frcsldont and tho tablo in front of it wore hung with drapings of blaok, and members and officors, as they took their places, moved at n respcotful distanao from the Bpot marked out by tho shadow of death. Mr. G. H. Jenkins, the Clerk, opened tho pro ceedings by rending tho prayer with whioh tho sittings of tho Counoil arc initiated, and then announced rue ucntn or ino x-rosiuonr, convey, ing to mombors Sir Jamos MaaBain's last mos. sago of regret that ho could not return to bis plaoo among thorn. Sir. Zeal moved that aB a marie of rcBpccb for tiio momory of tho lato President tho Counoil should adjourn to . Thursday. Sir Frederick Snrgood seconded tho motion. Noithor of them added any oommcnt, nnd tho motion was accepted ill a silence whioh was more cxprossivo than tho stereotyped eulogies usual to those occa sions. It is understood that a voto of condolence with Lady SfncBain will bo placed on tiic records when the Houso is in a position to transact business. In tho Legislative Assembly both the Premier and leader of the Opposition also referred to the death of Sir JamsB MaeBain, and paid a tribute to his memory. Immediately after tho Coimail adjourned yesterday, tho members went off to ono of tho committee rooms, and held a caucus to dcoido on a now President. There were 40 members present, and Mr. Servico was voted to tho obair. It was agreed, after somo disoussion, that all the candidates should retire from tho room and refrain from voting. Thico nominations were received, namely — Sir Frcderiok Sargood, pro posed by Sir. Service, seeonded by Sir. C. J. Ham ; Sir. Cnthbert, proposed by Sir. Bell, seconded by Sir. Winter Irving ; and Sir. Zeal, proposed by Sir. SIclviile, seconded by Sir. J. A. Wallaco. Tho other names mentioned as those of likely candidates ware Dr. Dabson, Sir. Fitzgerald and Sir. Thornley, who wcro not nominated. A ballot was taken, and resulted in the selection of Sir. Zenl. Sir. Outhbcrb was out out on tho first count, leaving the final ohoieo botween Sir. Zeal and Sir Frcderiok Sargood, and tho former obtained a substantial majority. Mr. Zeal1 will be formally proposed as President on Thursday and unanimously eleotod. His oleotion as President will necessitate his retire ment from the Government, in which ho holds offico as Postmastcr-Gonoral, nnd another member will have to be solcctcd to assist in tho representation of tho Government in tho Council. Overtures havo already been mado to several members, but nothing doflnito has yat bocn deaidod. A petition in favor of the bill to amend the law of libel was prosonted to the Assembly yesterday- from the Institute of Journalists,! sighed by Mr. A. L. Windsor, the prosideut, and Mr. W. Oarrington, tho secretary, of tbo instituto. The gonornl publio may scarcely realise that a perfeetly truthful report of speeches and proceedings at a publio meeting is libellous in this country ; but such is tho case, and the amending bill is intended to remove this crudity of the law. The journaliats' petition points out that the amendment of tho law is highly dcsirablo for the publio interest, and for tho protection of jonrnalists themselves, in an equal degrea to that accorded in Great Britain and other Australian colonies. Although re ports of public meetings are essential for tho information of tho publie, they are not at pro- sent privileged, and are published at the risk of f.hp nnwnftnrtr. "RntVi In Pnflinmnnf nnrl fLa Supremo Oourt the anomaly of the present con dition of things has frequently been acknow ledged, and it is urged that the law should bo assimilatod to that in forco in England. The annual report of tho inspector of chari ties, presented to Parliament last night, deals with tho operations of 124 oharitablo agencies for tho year ending 30th June last. Of tbeso institutions 39 were in and around tho metropolis and 85 were provincial. Tho inspec tor condemns tho presont system of Govern ment subsidy without representation in manage ment, and suggests a contral counoil of oharity to administer reliof with discrimination and effi- oienoy. In the hospitals tho mean ooBtpcr head' for a daily average of 1614 in-patients was £66 8s. 9d., and the average cost of each individual treated was £5 17s. 3d., a decrease of £5 18s. lid. and 10s. lOd. respectively on tho cost of last year, which is a very satisfactory result There was a marked inoreaso of in-patients, CBpeoially females, tho total being 2132 more than in tho previous year. Tho deaths numbered 1960 as against 1712. Cases more suit able for benevolent asylums than hos pitals inoreased about 33 per cent., signify ing the necessity for a transfer of such oases to othor charitable institutions, tho difference in cost being that of £15 14s. 6d., as against £66 8s. 6d. in the hospitals. Tho high rate of mortality in institutions combining hos pitals and asylums suggests that tho conditions are unfavorable to patients. The revonuo of tbo puhlio clinritios for maintenance only is approxi mately £238,437. Soma of tho municipalities ncgleat their share of contribution to buoIi an extent that a poor rato Booms to bo tiio only alternative. In view of the inoreased demands uu buu uuuiihiua tuiu tiiu surmtviigu in many sources of revenue, tbo inspector remarks that tho puhlio churitics havo now outgrown tho conditions under which thoy have been work ing, and that a change of system better adapted to the altered ciraumstaueos of the country cannot ho muoli longor delayed. The Fisheries Commission visited Newport workshops yesterday, in company with sovoral railway officials, to make a trial of a small air engine which tho ohairman, Mr. Salmou, sug gested as a suitable means of supplying fresh air in fish waggons during tho journey. Tho engine was drivon from tho Wostingliouse brake apparatus, and kept up a steady currant of fresh air, whioh reduaod the tempcratnro inside the triiok to 70 degreoB, while the outer atmos phere was at 85. Tho trial was not mado under the most favorable conditions, hut it was eon- sidoreii highly satisfactory, and the adoption of the syotem in aotual work is likely to com pletely solvo the difficulty of fish transport in tho hot wcatbor. Tho Minister of Defence, Mr. G. Davie, with the secretary to tho department, Commnuder Collins, paid an official visit yosterday to Admiral Bowdcn Smith, on board the mail steamer Oecana, and welcomed him to tho colony. Tile new ndmiral does not assume com mand of tho station until tho 17th inst., and tbo conversation rolativo to tho disposition of tho vessels of tho auxiliary fleet was conse quently of a puroly formal character. Mr. Davis, howavar, informed tho admiral that the Governments of Queensland, South 'Australia and Viotoria were unanimous in tho desire that the vessols should bo stationed for a certain period each year at the leading parts of eaah oolony, so as to afford members of tbo local naval defence forces an opportunity of benefiting by contact with tho disciplined men on board tho visiting fleet. Admiral Bowden Smith received the suggestion in a vory fair spirit. He was, be said, pleased to loom the desires of the different oolonies, and would givo tho matter careful consideration whon he had taken command of the fleet at Sydney. To-day, tho anniversary of the birth of the. Prince of Wales will bo obsorved aB a publio holiday. Tho excursion steamers are all in commission for variouB parts of the Bay, nnd with good wenthor thoy will probably ho filled to thoir utmost capacity. Recreation' of anothor form wilt he provided at tho Melbourne Cricket Ground, ' where tho Melbourne Bloyoio Club sports will bo hold. Those ovonts include tho Austral Wheel Rnco, tho great oyoling oontost of tlio year, nnd othor interesting items will ho presented, suoli as nn obstacle race, and a parade of several hundred machines. Thoro will bo a raco mooting on tho Williams- town course, in whioh sovoral well known rnoors are to take part. All sections of tbo militnry forces will bo ongnged in drill or oxorcise. Thoir principal sceno of oporntions will be Lancoflold Junction, where tho metropolitan artillery nnd infantry will bo exoroised in purely business operations, with shot and shell nnd ball oartridgo. The Sporting and Industrial Exhibition will produce somo new features, inoluding a special consort by tho Exhibition Concert Company. Intimation was rocoived by tho Postmaster- General yestorday, that tho Government of West Australia lind agreed to take up part of tlio lia bility of making good any damngo whioh might bo sustained by tho onblo between Sydney and Now Zealand in timo of war. This was tho last consent required of nil tho colonies who form tho guarantors for the roduooil cable rates, and a inossaga wns sont to tho Govornmcnt of Now Zoaland during tbo tiny, informing thorn of the fact. It is now hoped, with some degree of impatienpo, that tho New Zealand Government will sign tlio goneral agreement to which the other guarantors aro parties, to protect the cable company pro rata against lew in the msiiilsnnniw of the oxistinir tariff. An arrangemont to that effeot was mado three months ago, hut all tho intervening timo has been consumed in Bottling matters of detail, which might hare been jast as satisfactorily attended to aftor the general deed hod been signed as prior to that ceremony. Serious frauds have been brought to light in the Molbourno offiae of tho Broken Hill Pro; prietary Silvor Company, nnd tho obicf aooountnnt, James Arthur Macarthur, wns npprehonded early last evening on warrant charging him with misappropriating a cheque for £700, the money of tho company. A lotter nddressoil to a brother wns found in ono of hiB pookots, in whioh accused admits having token a sum of £1500, and Mr. Knox, the secretary of tho company, states that a comploto audit of the accounts reveals a total defioienoy of £1640. Tho misappropriations wore mado in con nection with " rebates " onshippingohsrgos, nnd dato from July of last year, but tho iliseovory is said to havo only bocn mado last week. Tiio accused, who was arrested at Williams- road, Hnwksbnrn, whoro ho lodged, also Imd in his possession a seven ohamborcd loaded revolvor, nnd it npponred from the writton confession found on him that he had contemplated suioido, but afterwards bad deter mined to surrender to tho law. Prisoner is 27 years of ago, nnd had been five yoars in tho servico of tho company. Ho will appear at tho City Court this morning. Tho quarterly meeting of tho City Counoil of Mclbourno will take plaeo at noon to-day, when the ohief business is tho installation of Cr. Arthur Snowden in tho Mayoral obair, in tho place of Cr. Lang, who hns held tho position of Mayor for the last three years. After this the counoil will havo to elect nn alderman for Smith ward in the plaeo of Alderman J. C. Stewart, who retires by effluxion of time. In accordance with the usual custom, it is probable that Alder man Stewart will ho ro-olooted without oppo sition. The other business on tho papor is of a formal charaoter, but on quartor day mombers of the counoil aro not restricted to tho business on tbo paper, nor to the order stated therein. The oonolusion of Mr. Matthow Lang's throe suoocssivo terms of offico as Mayor of the City of Molbourn'c was recognised in a marked manner yostordny by a presentation from the citizens. Mr. John Blyth, who presided over a large gathering of oitizons, that assomblod in the City Council ohambor, had around liim Messrs. J. Service nnd R. Reid, M's.L.C.; Cr. Snowden, Mayor-elect of Mel bourne ; Cr. Jnaoby, mayor of St. Kilda ; Mr. G. A. Gihbs, scorotary of tho Metropolitan Board of Works, nnd many others. Mr. Biyth mado tlio offoring to Mr. Lang, and asked him to accept the silver punch bowl, rose wator salver, alaret jug and beakers which thoy tendored him as a slight acknow ledgment of their appreciation of his valuable servleos as Mayor of tho City of Melbourne for three years. He Baid Mr. . Lang had not attompted to make any show or fuss, but simply saw that everything was aarried out in a perfeotly businesslike manner. He bad devoted himself entirely to the duties of his office, and had boon throughout a "still, strong man." Mr. Lang, in responding, said ho was grateful for tho compliment paid him, bnt he thought too much had been made of his efforts. Ho had always been so well supported and assisted by tho councillors that his work had been easy. He was quite sure that Cr, Snowden, the mayor olcot, would receive as groat a eomplimont as that paid to him at the expiration of his term ot office. The toasts of Tho Rotiring Mayor, The Mayor Gieot, The Visitors and The Ohairman wcro also honored, and the assembly broke up. Tho discredit whioh is likely to fall on the oolony on account of no official action being taken to unmask the exact nature of tho finan cial management of the Mercantile Bank seems to bo accepted by tho Government without n tremor. No matter how tho demands of a doluded community of British sh&rcholders; aro reiterated from London, the passive polioy of awaiting outside intervention is followed at tho risk of trade credit being permanently damaged. Somo weeks ago it was assorted that lettors of complaint had been received by tho Attornay-Gcneral fiom shareholders of tho bank asking that an official inquiry and prose cution should bo undertaken, and then it was announced that, pending special information being placed in the hnnds of the Crown Law authorities by tho applioants, no action could be takon. Tho situation remains unchanged, and tile question arises, as shareholders are generally undor tlio impression that matters were not properly conducted without having uuffioiuut knowledge of tho particular manner in which their interests have been injured, ought not tlio Govornment to instituto an investiga tion and deliver a verdict on the matter? If suoli an inquiry should nob lead to tbo discovery of any malpraatice it would at least clear sovcral reputations, and should bo serviceable in suggesting now clauses for amonded banking legislation, besides satisfying tho shareholders at home. The Grown, Solioitor is making arrange ments for nroceedhig at law against tho direc- tors of the Anglo-Australian, and British banks. By a cable message' received at the General Post Office yestorday it was notified that tho malls whioh left Mclbourno by tha R. M.S. Austral on the 4th October roachod London ou tho evening of Sunday laBt, three days in advauoo of contract time. The paradoxical achievement of tho Jcrsoy bull, Neat Prinee, in taking in two sueocoding years the first prize for a " 2-yoar-old ball " at the Royal Agricultural Society's Shaw is un flinchingly accounted nil correct by tiio officers of tbo sooiety. Tho dispute was finally settled yesterday by tho council of tlio Bociety. Tlio animal, though then as a matter of fact under age, was at tha show of 1891 awarded flrat prize in a largo class of 2-ycar- olds. At tho 1892 show liis owners, Messrs. Millano Brothers, holding that he was still qualified, entered him onao' again as a two-year-old, and ngaiu ha was awarded first prizo. This was too much for tbo othor exhibitors, who wrathfully protested that a bull could not remain always two years old. The counoil dismissed the protest, but thoir dcoision was appealed against, anil yestorday thoy finally de cided to pay tho prizo money to Messrs. Millano, as thoy considered it had not beou shown that those gontlcmon had done any thing wrong. No brooder's certificate as to the ago of tho bull oouid bo produoed, his breeder not being able to state tho cxaot timo of tho animal's birth, but there wns, tlio coaboil held, no good ground for believing that the ago as stated in the entry was incorrect. The point aroBO whethor tho bull was eligible to compete in the 2-ycar-old alass in 1891, when ho was only p little ovor 13 months old. This was not settled, but it is certainly not in acoordanoo with the spirit, even if it bo with tlio lotter, of the society's conditions, that the same animal should tako prizes two years iu succession as tho ono age. Tho wording of the conditions will probably be amended iu tho future. An international medical congress ib to bo inaugurated in Rome on 24th September, 1893, and tho Premier hns roceivcd through tlio Governor a communication from tho Italian Governmont iuvitiug members of the Victorian Govornment nnil scientists of this colony to attend tho congress. At Inst tho schema for irrigating tho Botanical Gardens by means of water pumped np from the River Yarra at Dight's Falls has been brought into operation. It is ono of tho claBS of works whioh, conceived in hasto, aro repented at leisure. The " soheme " was authorised and put in hand in hot hasto nearly threo yoars ago on tiio official assurance that unless it wns speedily completed tlio gardens would bo ruined by tho summer heat. Throe summors have, howovor, come and gone silica then nnd, although tho Dight's Falls scheme was used yesterday for tlio first timo, the gardens in tlio meantime flourished as aver. A sum of about £39,000 hnB been expondod on this work, whioh is an astounding testimony of offioial incapacity. Curiously enough, tho oredit of having designed it is olaimod by a lunatic in tho Yarra Bend, who assorts that tho product of his brains was pirated by officers of the Publio "Works department, nnd it would not require a great strctoh of fancy to believo tho claim to bo well founded. The honor of having designed (ho schemo is of suoli a questionable oharactcr that it might bo gracofully relinquished in favor of tho inmate of tlio Yarra Bond without nny loss of reputation. Tho working of tho pumping engine nt Dight's Falls is attanilcd with constant anxiety to tho cugino drivor, who was compctlod last woek to keep a small donkey pumping engine constantly at work to prevent tho inflow of wator from tho liver into the holo in whiah tho plant is situatod, putting out the firo in the boiler whiUt a preliminary trial of the maohinory was being made. That tho sclicmo was ncvor required is evidenced by the faot tuat thousands of gallons of water havo boon allowed to run to wasto during the warmest days of tlio past month from the main supplying tho gardens from tho Yan Yean. This was ncees- Bary in order to roliovo tho pressure on tho pipo, tho supply, sineo tho Maroondah schema was tapped, being far in advance of tho metropolis. Tho officers of tho Publie Works department aro seriously considering the desirability of allowing tiio pumping plant to lio idle ob long as tbe Metropolitan Board of Works supplios wator from tho main free of oost. It would save tlio expenso of pumping ; but thon this £39,000 schoine would lio idle. \- A difficulty has arison betwoan tho Publio Works department and Mr. James Downio, con tractor for the erection of the female peniten tiary at tho Puutridgo Stookailo. Mr. Downio's contract price was £49,900. Ho has comploted tlio buildings and offered tho koys to tho Secre tary for Publio Works, who, howovor, deolinod to 'accept thorn on tho ground that certain works sot forth in tho specification havo not been oarricd out. On tho othor hand Mr. Downic hns sont in a claim far £60,000 for extras. Tills extraordinary demand iB now under tho consideration of tho Inspcotor- General of Publio Works, who is going through the various items making up the claim. The officers of the department admit that certain oxtrnB were ordered, but assert that they do not oxcood in value £1000. At tho ordinary fortnightly mooting of the members of tho Board of Hoaltb yesterday, a letter was read from Messrs. Dalgoty and Go., tlio ngonts for tho steamer Armand Bohic, which was recently quarantined on account of a man on the voyngo oat from Marseilles having been attacked by the symptoms of oholorino. Messrs. Dalgoty urged upon tho board tho desirability of modifying the quarantine regulations in regard to suspeoted ships, pointing out that in tho case of tlio Armand Bohio considerable hard ship had bcon inflicted on the owners. Aftor Dr. Gresswcll had oppressed his opinion that oholerinc and prononnocd diarrhoea were similar affections, tho latter often being the first stage of tho former, it was decided to reply to Messrs. Dalgety to tho effect that the quarantining regulations of tho port couid not bo altered. By this dcoision passengers of tho Armand Bchio who wero quarantined will not be released till tbo 10 days, . the term of thoir dotention, has expired. His Excellency the Govornor and the Countess of Hopetoun will be present at the ball in aid of the Victorian Ladies' Work Association on Thursday evening next at the Prahr&n; Town Hail, when dancing will oommenoo at 9 p.m. The., ball will also. ,bp , undor tbe patronago of, Mr. Justico and Mrs. Holroyd, Mr. Justice and Mrs. A'Beckott, Sir Bryan nnd Lady O'Loghlcn, Sir Frederick and Lady Sargood, Sir Henry and Lady Wrixon, the Right Worshipful the Mayor of Melbourne and Mrs. Lang, tho Mayor of Prnhrnn and Mrs. Skinner, Captain Whito, R.N.; Colonel and Mra. Penno, Colonel and Mrs. Deano Pitt, Captain and Mrs. Pelham. His Excellency tha Govornor paid a visit yesterday to the New Zealand and Australasian Steamship Company's magnificent steamer Warrimoo, and was received on board by Cap tain Webb and Mr. Ernest J. Parker, directors of Messrs. Huddart, Parker and Co. Limitod, who are managing agents for the company in the oolonies. The Warrimoo sailed at 3 p.m. for Hobart. en route to New Zealand, with a lame number of passengers. An ordinary and a speeial. meeting of the commissioners of tbo Melbourno Harbor Trust will be held on Thursday. At tbo former, tbo acceptance of tondors for painting tho dredge Torreus, constructing swing bridge over Salt water River, orcotion of an open sbed on upper Australian Wharf, and tho supply of 500 tons of bluestone spawls will be reported for confirma tion, and the usual routino work will be attended to. At the latter, the question of lettiug spooial berths at Melbourno wharves will bo con sidered. Further evidence of an interesting nature was adduced yesterday in tbo oourso of tho bear ing of the Rov, Father Korean's application for lottcrs of administration in tho will of tho late Thomas Walsh, of Smith-street, Colliugwood, who died on tho 20bh July last, leaving property to tbo valuo of about £18,000. Mrs. Sabolborg, the wife of Theodore Sabelberg and daughter of thetestator, whoso evidenoe in chief wascloscd tho previous day, was subjootod to a long oross- oxamination by Mr.Purvos, in tbo courso of whioh sbe admitted having had a. conversation with the Rev. Father Collins about tho wiil prior to tho commencement of the oase. . Ques tioned ns to whether slie stated the relatives meant to fight tho oase bcaauso they were saro to get the oosts oat of tho ostate, tho wit ness replied in tho nogativo. Asked whether she had threatened to "pack tho jury with Orangemon," sho convulsed tho court by replying that sho might havo told Fathor Collins that she would take great care no very holy Catholics got on tho jury, but on boing pressed silo acknowledged having made the former observation. Theodore Sabelberg also gitvu uvjucmvw oa nw uia ivmwima vruu viiu testator, and in crosa-oxarainatiou by Mr. PurvoB acknowledged that some six yeans ago — wltou be dUputod his own father's will — he wrote a private letter to tho judge trying the cau&e;, but ho did not romembot whethor in that lottor ho roforred to his brother — who was acting as his solioitor in tho present caee— us a " dishonest scoundrel." Several othor witnesses wero examined, und the further hearing of tho enso was adjourned till to-mprrow; An action by tho Bank of South Australia against Sir Benjarniu Benjamin, Messrs. George Withers, Hugh M. Phillips, Thomas Hunt and John M'Goo, dircotors of the Imperial Bunking Company, was tried by Mr. Justioo Hodges, in tho Third Civil Court'yestorday. Tho defendants undertook, in July, 1890, in tho event of tho company requiring advances be yond its overdraft of £60,000 at the bank, to givo their guarantee for tho omouut of tho ex- oess. In April, 1891, the defendants gave their joint and several guarantees for £5000, and in the following June gavo another for £15,000 in substitution of it. Subsequently, tho over draft was still further increased, but when ap plied to, tho defendants not only refused to X>ay up under their guarantees, but also to give any additional guarantee. Tho total amount of advances by the bank to the company was said to be ovor £91,796. The plaiutilf claims pay ment under tho guaraufcccs, nnd tspeoific perform- auco of the agrcomout to givo further guarantees, or £40,000 damages. Tho defendant allege that it was agreed the gua rantees wcro not to bo used against them until all securities held by the plaintiff had been realised and all means of obtaining payment from the shareholders of tho company exhausted. But this understanding had been departed from, and no deficiency had been shown to exist. The defendants' counterclaim £20,000 for breach of agroemont. Ib was further stated tlmt in April, 1892, tho plaintiff assigned all its assets to the Union Bank, and oontended that there fore tho plaintiff was not. entitled to sue. Con siderable) portion of tho overdraft was allowed, as tho plaintiff's monagor know for tho pui- chaso of land, whioh it was not in the powor of the company to do, consequently, it was sub mitted, so much of the overdraft as had been used for tho purposo ought to bo doducted from tho sum alleged to bo owlog. Tho case will bo rosumcd to-morrow. Mr. Box and Mr. Mitchell appear for tbe plaintiff (solicitors, Messrs. Atcenborough and Co.); Mr. Higgins and Mr. Isaacs for tho defendants, other than Sir Ben jarain Bonjamin, who lias become insolvent (solicitors, Messrs. Hart and Bonjamin). Tho Northooto Briok Company sued tho Now Nortlicoto Brick Company in the Second Civil Court yesterday, boforo Mr. Justice "Williams. The two companios occupy adjoining brickfields, and tho plaintiff alleged that in 1890 and 1891 tho defendant wrongfully excavated to tho ex tent of 140 foot on its southern and 135 foot on its castorn boundary, without loaving sufficient lateral support, Tbo result waB that the ground foil in, and tho plaintiff claimed £10,000 damages, together with nn injunction to prcvont a repetition of tho injury. The do- fence was that ample Intoral support had been left, and that the cause of the fall was the diversion of drainago by the plaintiff, wbioli loosened tho soil nnd filled tlio defendant's ex cavations. Tho defendant countorclaimed £5000 and an injunction. His Honor found that there bad been a leakage from the drain, and that the lnndslip had been accelerated by a heavy rain fall, though it would havo taken place at a later date, owing to tho inadequacy of the support left by' tho defendant. Plaintiff's damages were ascessed at £50, and it was reserved for the Full Court to determine whether judgment should be entered for tho plnintiff or defendant on the claim. Judgment was entered for the defendant on tho oountor olaim for Is., without costs. Mr. Topp and Mr. Hayes appeared for the plaintiff (solicitors, Messrs. Attonuorougu and Co.) ; Mr. Higgins and Mr. Wcigall for tho defendant (solicitors, Messrs. PaveyandCo.) A petition by the Whittlesca Band Company (in liquidation) for tbe sequestration of the estate of John Little, a momber of, as well as a debtor to tho company, was dealt with by Mr. Justioo Hodgos yesterday, . in tho Third Civil Court. An ordor nisi for sequestration was :Tho action for £1000 damages against Dr. John Nicholson, of Bennlla, for alleged negligence, was continued in tho First Civil Court, yesterday, before the Chief Justice and a jury of 12. The defondant in being sued by the father of tho late William Henry Haxkings, a plastoror, on account of tbe Iatter's dcatfi, which occurred on tho 23rd Sep- tcmbor, 1891, four hours after he had beou admin istered a mixture containing a grain of morphia prescribed by the defendant for influenza.. The question in dispute is whether tho deceased mot his doatli from an overdose of tho drug, or whether ho died from suffocation. Further evi dence was called for the dofcnco yesterday to prove that thoro had beou no negligenco on tho doctor's part, and that a grain of morphia was not an excessive dose. At tho conclusion of addresses by counsel, the case was adjourned until to-morrow. The will of tho lato Rov. Caleb Booth, of Northooto, Church of' England minUtor, has bocn lodged In tho Probato Office. Tho testator died on tho 1st October, leaving a will dated the 26th Fobruary. His property is valued at £10,537 — £1350 realty and £9187 personalty. Alifo estate is bequeathed to tho widow, and a number of gifts and pecuniary legacies to rela tives and others. A sum of £4000 is given to the Ohuroh Missionary Sooiety, to be expended in promoting its work in the East Indies, and the residuary ostate to tho superannuated ministers fund in connootion with tho Mel bourno diocese of tho Church of England. Tho 1892 session of the Presbyterian General Assembly of Victoria held ita first day's sederunt yesterday in tho Assembly Hall. The Rev. A. Yule, tho rotiring moderator, de livered an address, in whioh he combatod tho pessimistio views whioh had been oxpressed by certain peoplo as to the provalonco of apostaoy In', the churob. Whilst admitting that a spirit of;uubeliof was rife in the Christian world bo urged that it did not affect thoso who put their faith . in a personal Christ. Tho hurricane of scepticism only swept away the rotten branches of the church. The Rov. James Henderson, moderator-elect, after, being inducted, delivered a vigorous address, in whioh many plain truths wcro expressed.. Ho wii's emphatic on the point that 'the confession of faith had outlived its usefulness, and should cipher be amended or superseded. In tho even ing a lengthy discussion took place regarding the report on tho stato of religion. The debate centred round tho assertion that tho name of Christ was excised from Stato school books. Ono older point blank denied the statement, and attaeked tho assembly for wanting the State to do what they should do themselves. Tiio assembly will rcsumo this morning at 10 o'olook. Tho consooration of All Saints' Church, East St. Hilda, took plaee last night in the prcaenoe of a largo congregation. The Bishop of the diocese, attended by bis chaplain and registrar, was received at the door of tho edifice by tho ministers ana orncers or tno ouurcu, wuoii a petition to oonseorate the church was delivered to tho Bishop and read. The deeds of the ohuroh wero also presented to the Bishop, and the sentence of conseor&tion; read aloud by the registrar, signed by the Bishop, and by him ordered, with the petition and other deeds, to bo reoorded and registered in the diocesan registry. The Bishop thon declared the church oonseoratcd and sot apart to God forever in tho name of tho Father, Son and Holy Ghost. After the ceremony tho friends partook of supper, and several speeohes were aeiivereu. The olection for a councillor for Middle ward, North Melbourne, rendered necessary by the death of Cr. Gracie, took place yosterday. Thore were two candidates— Mr. G. Carter, draper, N who polled 3S4 votes ; and Mr. J. Bergin, hotel- keeper, who received 366 votes. Mr. Carter, who advocates the union of North Melbourne with the city, was declared elected. Among the Australian exhibits at the approaching World's Columbian Exposition, to bo hold in Chicngo noxt year, will bo. a selection of lOO paintings- from the brush of Mrs. F. C. Rowan, depicting tho different flora of Now South Wales, Viotoria, West Australia and South Australia. The collection, whioh will embrace some of tbe most effective work of tho artiste for years - past, is being forwarded through tho New South WaleB commission. Mrs. Rowan has only recentlyreturnedtoSydney after a somewhat prolonged and hazardous expedition to the coast of Now Guinea and the islands of Torres Straits, whero sho has been hard at work obtaining and reproducing numerous, fresh spoclroons of the wild flora abounding there. 11 Yosterday, "says the Brisbane Coun'erof the 5th inst, " Mr. Nelson moved the second reading of the bill providing for the raising of tho salary of tho Chief Justice from £2500 to £3500, and of tho four pttisno judges from £2000 to £2500. Sir T. M 11 wraith followed in u characturistio spocoh. Ho supported the measure, and hero it may be as well to state that what is ' regarded by many as the primary cause of tho retirement of tho Chief Justice — the development of tbe big law case— was barely hinted at Ministers were divided on the matter, and Mr. Unmack was early on his fout to support tho proposed addition to the salary of the Chief Justico, but he would not agroo to the increase in tho salaries of the puisne judgos. Mr. Dicksou made a strong speeoh, and gavo notioe of two amendments, the first having for its object the granting of £3500 a year to tho first successor of tho present Chief Justioo during the time he may hold ofilco, aud the second striking out of the bill the proposal to givo tho extra £500 a year to the puisne judges. Mr. Tozer- was another Minister not afraid to speak his mind. Ho was omphntio in his expressions of rogrot at losing the services of the Chief Secretary (Sir Samuel Griffith), aud of his intention not to vote for tho increase to tho puisne judges. Mr. Powers expressed a hope that tho Chief Secretary would stay with his colleagues until after the genoral election, but went on to add that the oifioo of a Supreme Court judge would no longer be so seouro as in the past Recent events had shown that a judge could be removed by a Ministry. Eleven o'olook was fast approaobing when a division on tho second reading took place. The voting was 26 to 10— juBt half the voting power of the House. " Tho contractor for No. 8 section of the outfall sower at Lnverton, Mr. D. Spence, and his employes, havo subscribed £7 13a, 6d. to the Hospital Saturday fund. Tho Bay Excursion Company annotmco in our shipping columns that tho paddle steamer Ozone wiil leave the Port Melbourne Railway Pier at 10.50 a. ni. to- day, on a special excursion to Schnap- per Point, Dromana and iporrento. A brass band will bo on board the steamer and play selections of musl&duriog; the- trip. 