THE BALLARAT GHOST. The most farmiliar instance of the appari tion, of a ghost for the purpose of bringing to light on unavenged crime nrites Mr. Stead in the Christmas number of the Review of Reviews, devoted to “Real Ghost Stories," is tho famous Rat jurat ghost enso, It is told as follows in Dr, Loo's “ GJIwpsos of Urn Super natural. : In A’ustrKHa,- about 26 ‘ years ago, two 1 grazldft, tvhO had emigrated from England and entered into tiatlhernhip, became, as was !generally’ bpliqvoa, pQHSC&ffidTff; .considerable, 'property by an unleoivO!* for suocOfld id their precarious but not unprofltaolo occupation. One of them’ was all of a sudden missed, and could nowhoro bo found. Scarab was made for him in every quarter, likely and unlikely, ‘yet no tidings of him or his whereabouts could ho heard. Ono evening about throe weeks afterwards,his partner and companion ;was returning to bis' hut along a by-path which skirted a deep and broad shoot of water, Tho shadows of twilight wore doopon -ing, and tho sotting sun was almost shut out 'by tho tall shrubs, Inashwood, and rank grass, Which grow so thick and wild. In a moment hd saw tho crouching figure of his companion, apparently ns real and lifolilto as could bo, sitting on the ground by tho very margin',of tho deep pond, with his loft hand bunt resting on bis loft knee. Ho was about to rush fo’rward and speak, when tho figure seemed to grow loss distinct, and tbo asben colored, faco wore an unusually sad and melancholy aspect; so ho paused. On ibis, tiio figure, becoming again more palpable, raised Its rigtil arm, and bolding down tho hide* finger of tho right band, pointed to a durk deep holo Where tlio water was-still and black, immediately, .beside ad overhanging tree. This noil on. Was deliberately done, and then twido repeated, after Which tho figure, g'rdWjrig fiion) and more indistinct, seemed to fad 0 away, Tho grazier was . mortally ter rified ana alarmed.. Hot a while ho stood riveted to Mid spot; fearing cither td #0 for ward or backdat'd, While the siionpd of even* irig add tho strange splitudd now for tho first time in his Australian- life 'thoroughly ex perienced, overawed him completely. After wards ho turned and wont homo. Night, which came on soon, brought him, no sloop; Ho was restless, agitated, and disquieted. Tho next morning, in company of others, the pool was dragged, and tbo body of his partner discovered in tho very spot to which the ■ figure of tho phantom had twico pointed. It had been weighted and weighed down by a largo stone attached to tho body, whilo from tho sumo spot was recovered a kind of nxo or hatchet, with wbiuh the luurdor had oyidcntly ’been committed. This was identified ns having belonged to a Pertain adventurer, who, on being toxod and formally charged with tho murder, and found to bo possessed of oorlain valuable documents belonging to tho mur dered man, eventually confessed his crime and Was executed. ThI" incident and its supernatural occurrences mode a deep im pression ; and having boon abundantly testi fied to in a court of justice, as woll as in conitnoa and general conversation, is not likloy to bo soon forgotton in tbo neighbor hood of Ballarat, in Australia, whoro it oc curred, Tho Psychical Research Society discredited this story. They say they have never boon able to verify it. If any Australian readers can throw light on tho subject, I (Mr. Stead) shall, bo glad to hoar from thorn. 