HOME NEWS FROM A FRENCH I'OIXT OF VIEW. (Flioai OUU OWN COltKESl'ONDENT.) PARIS, I6fcli July. The colonial question in France is truly embarrassing for patriots;' some will have colonies irrespective of all objections,' others maintaining they are only useless luxuri. s, sucking the blood and money of the mother country, dare not openly challenge their ad versaries at public meetings, where the groat-, ness. of France would be at once raised. There is also a stratum of the public which holds; grab what no-man's land you like, but its possession will be useless so long as you havo.no colonial army, and the latter, good military writer's assert, is an impossibility; the army must be integrally the army. M. Jules Ferry does not lessen his unpopularity when he declares that to make an omelette you must .break the eggs., ^'JCo have.gndj $o. hold Tonlriri money must be expended and blood spilled, observes the ox-Premier, and for this avowal he is ro-execrated, while he illustrates the truism by pointing to Algeria, which, though sixty years in the possession of France, is still battled over, and India, though British since the days of Dupleix, has to civilise the natives by wiir. Even Colonel-Atchinard in Senogainbia and tbo Germans in East Africa have to rely on the virtues of the repetition rifle and bayonet. .C.-.rdina) lingerie's white monks supple ment the sword of the spirit with that of the flesh. Mungo Park, Bruce, Livingstone, Barth, Cameron, Nachingal, and their dis ciples more or leas; de Bragga and Binger are explorers on peaceful lines-when un opposed. Colonel Flutteris was as quakerly inclined as any of the pioneers, but his expe dition ivas not the less massacred. The cholera outbreak-not invasion this time-is in the suspension stage. A heavy fall of continuous rain would not be the worst, of general prophylactics; it would flush the sludge-choked sewers and wash the atmosphere, despite its alleged 200 miles height. Then confidence would be restored to the hydro-microphobists, who see, not looks, in running brqoks, but bacilli and good in everything but Seine water. The latter is both meat and drink, thanks to its myriads of animalcules per cubic inch. Had Jules Ferry, when rhayor of Paris in lSfl, known the alimentary value of the Seine, he might have enabled the starving besieged to wait a little longer for hot rolls and cafe ' au lait.' Hygienists very properly rccommend suburbans to use only cold-boiled water till ^the Soine supply was purified or supeiseded by springs of sylvan origin. The promoters of the 'Boiling Water Company ' found no one to finance their scheme; it fell flat like a celebrated 'Hot Muffin Company.' Visitors should not conclude that the barrels of hoi water frequently carted through Paris' are part of the war material of the campaign against the microbes; that 212 dega. heated Seine water is intended to feed warm baths in private houses. The cashiering, for such it virtually is, of M.Cavaignac, the Minister of the Marine, by the Chamber of Deputies,- is an event of. greater importance than a'surface view would present. Tho inherent evil hitherto' for France in: the administration of her foreign possessions has been the official bickerings, and jealousies between the army and'navy services due to both claiming superiority,' and tho mother Government lacking the necessary courage to insist on a unity of command. The evil is as old as the hills. Tonkin showed the canker at its worst., and Dahomey equally so, though on a smaller scale. The Chamber had made up ita mind that the expedition against King Behai;zin being land-work, the army should have the unity of command; the navy will not accept that, replied M. Cavaignac, so the Minister was turned outaiid his successor, M. Burdeau, turned in-all -an affair of a couple of hours. Not a regret for the parting, and every con gratulation for the coming guest. The Chamber must complete, its good work|l'it must put an end bo the absurd routine of directing avuf-y pljfjse of niilirary and naval: movement in the colonies by the authorities at Paris. If the local com mander, after being couched "in the general lines of the'Government's policy respecting his charge, bo competent,; entrust him with full poweis to act.. Then he will bo some thing more than a puppet or a machine. This absence of" initiation is'the cardinal defect in the defensive policy of France; it cost her sad deceptions in 1870-71, and it is to be feared that power, has not yet been extended to officers,.nor can its exercise be acquired as a matter of course. To lead men, to seize the right solution and apply it at the right moment,1 are next to heaven born faculties. . . Has France a supply of these -men} and,' if so, where, have they been 'raised,' where hav4" they won their.spurs? Hardly a year has elapsed since France grouped all her possessions and protectorates in the far (East, and . placed .their, direction under a :kind of governor- general, . M. de Lanessanj giving him a full and free hand in Indo-China. Well, it is the secret of Punchinello that ho ha3,failed. . And more is the .pity, not only for France but for civilization, M. de Lanessan united .all the conditions for success. He is young -but forty-nine years of age, aetive,' and of great energy. Though born near Bordeaux, he has the tenacious blood of,Brittany in his veins; he is a navy doctor by profession, and served in that capacity during eight years in Indo-China and West Africa; he is a j scientist by natural taste, and a politician and economical writer by predilection. He ,m;ide his debut in public life as a municipal councillor for Paris, joined the advanced Republicans in the Chamber, and became an authority ori the colonial budget and colonial questions. He was delegated to examine tlie condition of Tunisia and of Tonkin. He reported that the; laitter should lie united into the; French Indo-Chinese, Empire, ad ministered by a single responsible official, with full powers over tho, army and navy. He' laid idown that the Tonkinese should be slowly' taught' to become French, aye, Parisians, and the French induced to emi grate and invest rn'mey in Tonkin';, :lio'i!de :manded lonly .two years to change thp.face of the French Far . East,. and . the ' result ?' .Nothing; ? .-i ?; i .Mr. Deacon j a foreigner, shot 'in flagrante ?delicto' the Frenchnian who a^uc'edhis wife, and was sentenced to,,pna year's' impi'if oii ment; Madame Iieymond,;ii foreigner,-'shoots. ' in flagrantedelicto ' a-Frenchwoman, who seduced) her, husband, and is acquitted to the satisfaction apparently of everyone^ Both ladies were handsome, young,, an;] .rich; the 'victim's!letters were found! by-Miidame Bejr inond in her'husband's valise; she prof ssed to be the dftvoted friend as rIu; was the youth companion of-the woman she outraged; her own husband, "Lassimoune, wasi a lawyer occupied; in tlie provinces. In the inter cepted Bapphic letters :by the deceased, to M, Reymoisd-anything but an Apollo or a Chesterfield--she insistedon his not1 so much as looking at his own wife] every regard would be a ' profanation of her love,' was riot to be seen even in her company, and h>i ought to try and throw the wife into the way of her own husband, Lnssiiuoune,, and so organise a case f"r divorce.1 !Not only did Ecymond morally but physically- abandon his young spouse, only twenty-three years.of age, as she had to pawn her jewels to pay her expenses. And the deceased received the highest 'modern' education and figured in most fashionable society. One phase of the drama was touched upon rapidly that when read between the lines throws a lurid li^ht on tho decadence of the population of France, A ' logical mind' demands, if, fia Pejputy Li! Roy, in his report, to the Parliamentary lommitUio and published in the blue hook literature, asserts, the population of France must become extinct within a measurable and near time, what is the use of founding colonies or keeping up bloated armaments ? Why not allow the taxpayers to utilise their imposts to "eat, drink, and he merry for fchcmorr;)\v,etc." Deputy LeRoy blazens forth the two.. ' memento mori' facts, that the total deaths exceed the total births, and the latter are 011 the down grade. The net total decadence of the population of: France in 1890 was nearly 39,000. France has the lowest. birth-rate among civilized peoples, only 22 per 1,000, while in Germany it is 30, in Austro-Ilungary 38, in Italy 30, and in England 38; the Russians display a rabbit fecundity of 49. Further, 35 per cent, of the babies die under twelve months' old when brought up at home; the percentage in aome districts amounts to 70 when they are farmed out. Again, the men do not propose; the marriages from being eight have fallen to seven per 1,000. . And one-fourth of the married couples have no children, while the total is alarmingly on the increase. D put.y Le Roy does not, hesitate to lay at the door of the wealthy classes the responsi bility of this matrimonial sterility, wilful in its character from a dislike to the cost of rearing children and so diminishing the marital fortune. As manners come from above the middle classes followed the lead in wedlock barrenness, and now the custom flourishes among the work- people. Simul taneously with t.hia is the spread of abortion, not only on the part of unmarried mothers, but resorted to by wives The reporter has drawn up a series of Ten Commandments remedies that, will likely prove as efficacious of the injunction in Genesis, chapter I, verse 28. . The execution of the wretch Ravachol is by common consent no longer alluded to; his attitude during the scaffold scene was jo infamously outrageous towards decency and .religion, sends the affair into oblivion with a shudder. . ? . . The Franco-Russian, alliance can no longer be acaused of bringing forth no fruit. Dr. Graucher, of the Pasteur Institute; a Gaul; and Dr. Gamalela, a Muscovite, are collec tively laboring to combat the cholera microbe, and are very hopeful of success. " . : . Grenier, the Go^erntn'^iif "clerk, who con-' lesses lie sulci the purloined technical papers from the Admiralty Office to Captain Borup, of the United States Legation, h-is enacted ill presence of " my lords," the police magistrate, and the .detectives, how he "operated." Conveyed to the Ministry, he took the false keys, with which-lie opened every room, and private drawer or pre"ts, abstracting the plans, etc., and when copied "for the market," replaced. He has, it appears, ke[£ an exact list of his thefts, and an account of all the sunis he was paid for each document. His rehearsal of the ab stractions occupied several hours. This looks ugly; the French would be less iiiceiiaed against the1 Captain if they were convinced ho did not dispose of any of the papers to the triple alliance. M. Tiersat, in his life of " Rougot do Lisle," the composer of the "Marseillaise," just published, dedicates his volume to Pre sident Carnot. Now in the volume is an order, written by M. Carnot's grandfather, the organiser of victories, in the name of the Comnii'tee of Public Safety, and signed by him, Robespierre, Barere, and other mem ber.-- for the arrest of the composer, who thus narrowly escaped beintr guillotined. The President must grin and bear with the Banquo- ghost compliment. Some thieves broke through a coster monger's shop and stole a hamper of tomatoes. Not knowing what to do with the 'love apples,' they bought some wooden dolls, rented a booth at the Belleville Fair, and allowed merry souls to have a shy for one sou a throw; the play was announced as ' dolls and tomato sauce.' When the basket of ammunition was exhausted the rogues decamped to banquet 011 the proceeds. Every fourteenth of July is like its prede cessor .is two peas. On the present occasion the dominant note was the display of Russian flags; in numbers they must have been equal to the tricolor; women wore the tno-becked eagle on the yellow ground, in the form of tiny flags in their corsage or bonnets; there was a brooch combination of a Gallic cock crowing between the necks of the Siamese Russian bird ,0' freedom. The Russian Hymn was as general as the Marseillaise; people, if not very enthusiastic, were gay; they had their fireworks, but more pleasing still their military review. 