THE WINDSOR TRAGEDY. A MEMORABLE TRIAL. VERDICT OF “GUILTY, AND NOT INSANE.” THE MURDERER RECEIVES THE VERDICT COOLLY. AND PROTESTS THAT HE IS INNOCENT. SENTENCE OF DEATH PASSED. AT THE TRIAL. MELBOURNE, Monday. (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) The attendance at the trial of Williams was larger than ever to-day, the announce ment that an attempt would be made to close the case to-day having evidently acted as a spur to the curious. Amongst those present iu court was MrKirtop, M.L.A. Everyinohof floor space was packed, while outside the scene was as memorable as it was discredit able. A swaying mass of well-dressed men and women pushed, fought and clamored for admittance in vain; feminine shrieks and the oaths of the roughs and drunken men in the crowd making a strange mixture with the entreaties of the police to move ou. The four policemen on duty at the besieged door were powerless to keep the crowd back, and when the noise at last became so great that Mr Deakiu inside. could not. be beard jn defence of his client, and sat down in despair, a number Govern ment police. went •. outside, -to'-dis: perse the crowd. All the efforts were in vain, and a second effort by MrUeakiiTto' be heard was balked.. A number of mounted police were . then brought,'and they with great difficulty managed tp ; ’ disperse the crowd. The disgraceful: excitement was at one time so great that it .threatened to break out into a riot. - In the court itself the proceedings were comparatively tame all the morning. Ur Springthorpe related the substance' of long conversations he had with the prisoner, in which Deeming told monstrous lies respecting his adventures. He had said that in youth he had been called “ Mad FtedV that he had been in nearly every country in the world except New Zealand and Russia, He got £B5O a year in South Africa as a mining manager, although be knew nothing of raining. He did not know what fear was in Africa; walked into a cave and killed a couple of lionesses. According to Deeming he was irresistibly attractive to women, since no girl could know him for a week without wanting to marry him. He said he was subject to fits, and bad one yes terday (Sunday) in gaol. He had been pestered by visits from his mother's ghost, in which she was constantly prompting Kim to commit murder, but he bad always re frained. He was quite innocent of both the murders, and was sure Emily was all right. He says that at Raiubill be and his wife quarrelled, two of the children not being his. He gave her £5O to go away, and he was going back, to Africa to get £ll,OOO he left there. - Then Miss Mather asked him to marry her, aod on his refusing she told him the obstacle was removed. He said he was sure she was still alive, but was afraid to come forward for fear of being accused of being, an accomplice with a man named Grey in the Raiubill murders. The witness said that there was a strong presumption in favor of tbs prisoner’s insanity, hut he cnuld give no definite opinion.; Dr Fishhourue’s evidence was much to effect,-apd the case closed for the defence, -Mr Deakiu, in bis speech to the jury on behalf of the prisoner, made a magnificent effort, in which be claimed that his . client . was an in stinctive criminal, and was undoubtedly insane. There was, however, he said, . a doubt as to whether Emily Mather was still living or not, and that doubt should be given iu favor .of the prisoner. He re ferred to cases such as that of Schreider.the Vienna murderer, who was hanged, and after death bis brain was found to be that of a maniac, Mr Walsh replied briefly and the jury retired. It appears that during the recess for luncheon the prisoner bad a violent scene with bis solicitor, Mr Lyle, He said he had not had a fair trial, and announced his intention of appealing personally to the judge and the jury. He has entirely lost all nerve, and his constant enquiry now is “will they hang me 2” 