Kaitertamment. (5'x:Tur.3lay svoainglant the Bowral Young Man's 1 ^Association, .assisted by Baveral frienda, gave' a very BUooejHful.cntortaiamoiU in the School of Arts. At iight o'clo&k; the curtain was raised before a crowded. audience, and disclosed the singers seated round the 1 stage, ufbieh was very tastefully decorated with art ourtains, flowers, and the colors of the Asaouiation -psle bine and whits. The ontcr.uinm-nl was in «il. of the funds of tbo Association Cricket and Football Clubs. During tha past eeiBona the ex penses of these clubs have been great, but Tuesday fight's effort will completely wipe oat tbo debt that has been curtailed. Tho programme was opened with an instrumental quartette by Messrs. Sou tier, Cope, Menzies, and Prior. A duet, " Maying," was thon given by Miss >and Mr. H. Wickham, their voice&bleuding; together 'with pleasing harmony. Miss L. Short sang " The lover and the bird" ill a sweet voice. Mr. E. Vennard, who has a musical bast, voice, sang " Tha Sleeping Camp." The Misses Russell gave a pretty duet, " I woiUd that love.'1 Miss Wickham in her usual:good style favored the audience with the song, " Never laugh at love," for which she received an encore and a floral tribute, and in response sang '[ In Rothnay Bay." Mr. LovcriJge followed with & good bass son,; " I thy sentinel am," and re 'iblved hearty applause., Miss MoLnokie's soprano Voice was heard to great advantage in the singing' ,^f ".To Seville," the song and the singor so please! Vfe'atidienfce that au'e'hcdre" was demanded, and in .ftispoiise she sang ".Miidel Ruck," a German ditty. The next item, a dialoguo, " The Bashful Lover," i by Miss Swan and Mr. A. Comer, pleased the audi enoe very much, to judge from the audible smiles that rippled round the hall. Mrs. Bennett next sang " Bitter Sweet," a pretty song. Mr. H. Wick ham's song " Across the far blue hills" was as usual well repoived. Thequartetto by.Missos Wiokham and McLuckie was beautifully rendered and deserved the encore'it received. The first part of the pro gramme was brought to a olose by an overture from Messrs. Soutter (piano), Cope and Menzies (violins),. The entertainmeut concluded with a sketch, "The Two Guys," being performed by Association mem bars. Tho charactera were personated as follows: Knowall, Mr. H. Ei. JonesLHoy (his daughter), Mr. C. A. Jordan; Jemima (his servant), Mr. E. Poster; and Peter Pipkin; (tho Gay) Mr. J. White ; besides these there were a number a! boys who acted as ghosts and followers. A room in Know all's house was the scene ; and it opens displaying tha old gentleman in a. great rage, and venting it to full extent on Jemima. The trou ble is caused by a letter which Knowall has accidentally found, it being a love epistle written by Peter Pipkin to Lucy, in which he suggests an elopement. After the old man.goc&out; to try and find his-daughter, Laoy in . ?ifjgte$t state about the letter makes her appearance "but"runs off to find Peter to see what is tobedone.' The plot is then ananged, Peter gets dressed up in 'splendid style, somo boys are let into the secret, and ho is.oarried to the house of Knowall astlieGuy of the period. (In the meanwhile Lacy has to go through the trying ordeal "of being lectured by her father for carrying on correspondence with Peter, which he puts down as nonsense and tomfoolery; she, how ever, appeases his anger by saying it was only fun and that she wouldn't do anything without her pa's permission. Immediately this satisfactory settlement has been oome to, the singing of tho 5th of November chorus is heard, and the boys with the supposed Guy are endeavouring to obtain admit tance. Lucy begs her father to have the boya in, and the old man, who, by the way, is very fond of- what he terms the "glorious old institutions," immediately grants the request. The boys are thereupon admitted, carrying the Gay (who wore a hideous mask). Knowall goes to get some Bpirits to warmjjthe boys, and- the dummy beoomes alive, gives the neoessary instructions to Luoy and asks her to propose to the old man to burn him in the evening., The proposal is made by Luoy to her father on his re-appearance, and he is jubilant at the idea.. Turning to Jemima he tells' her . to take .tha,lads 'into' tha kitehon, and then proceeds to make an'investigation of the figure, but a noise in the fcitohen attraots attention and he rashes off to \- ascertain1 the cause. His unnoticed re-appearance discloses , to him the,Guy kissing, embracing, and making love to his daughter Lucy, and of course the whole plot is made clear to him. First silently gliding out of the room he allows Peter to attain the ^ost of Gay again, and then comes in with a totally changed character. He refuses to let the boys carry their figure away, but sends them for fireworks. ! After the boys have gone, Knowall ties the Guy down and decorate3 him with the fireworks. Peter bears the appearance of being terribly frightened.and Borne amusing bye-play is introduced by these- two gentlemen. In the meantime a counter-plot has been arrangod by Laoy, and as soon as tho old man makes bis exit, ehe and Jomima ruah in with a dummy figdre,release Petcr.and soon have the substi tute roped to the seat and tho fireworks stuck in him. The boys having arrived proceed to blow up the Qay, but Knowall's instructions wore that when he counted three tho necossary match was to be ap plied. He had not noticed tho change rondo by the girls, but thought that what he imagined was Peter would not allow the boyB to set light to him. The boys, howover, never waited lor three to be said, but immediately sent the dummy up with a burst. The old man, imagining that he has committed murder, is in a sad predicament, and (alls swooning on to a couch. Tho lightB go down, and the boys headed by Lucy and Peter and enveloped in sheets make their appearance as ghosts, and frighten Know all so much that he agrees to sign a contract which Poter forces upon him. Immediately tho lights go up the ghost-disguises aro thrown oft, lind Knowall realises that he has been duped. He was so glad, however, with his release from being a murderer, that he consents to Peter marrying his daughter, consequently everything is brought to a happy conclusion. The ghosts marchod to tho Conspirators' Chorus, and tho limelight being shown, this portion of tho plot had a very pleasing efToct. Thoskoceh through out is well written, conjoining two plots, whilo tho sayings aro very comical. The acting of it by the oharaeters named was exoollont, and tlioy doscrv e great praise for tho manner in wliieh tho " Two Guys" was staged on Tuesday night. The audience was kept in a ripple of morriment throughout,and the applause that was occasioned nt different parts showed that tho efforts of those acting woro not in vain. Mr. Jones in every way sustained the. char acter of Knowall very creditably, while his acting was splendid. Mr. Jordan, as on previous occasions, raado a very charming young.lady, and seemed quite an old hand in making love; his acting was also very good. Mr. Fostor made a good servant girl, but proved rather checky. Mr. white was quite at home in the oharoctor of Peter Pipkin, and tnmlc a very crummy but loving Guy; he acted his part in firat-olass style. The boys looked rathor aomical in their different get-ups, and did all they were wanted to do creditably. 