The first Sunday concert at the Prah ran Town-hall is over. As a musical performance it was mediocre, and the programme was strictly confined to sacred pieces. A ' contribution ' of a 1 shilling a head tras taken up at the door, and possibly some 120 people paid to go in. Nobody is much the worse for the concert and nobody much the better, while the promoters will have probably found themselves & few pounds out of pocket This, in fact, indicates where the whole project will break down. The concerts are money-m&king; speculations. They are sot intended particularly to do any other good than to put money in the pockets of those who arrange them. They are as much commercial speculations as the broadest of nigger entertainments, and, possibly, not more so than the ' musical serricc6 ' of one or two ultra-fashionable churches. If, however, instead of bringiog money into the promoters' pockets these con certs take it out, it is .safe to say that thojr end will be speedy. Our prognosti cation upon this head on a recent occasion will be amply fulfilled. If the first concert did not gather together a large 'house' then sub sequent ones will not The discussions which have taken place in the council and in the newspapers ; the agitation outside; -the preparation of a petition; the demand for a public meeting— all were first- class advertisements and if there had been any disposition on the part of the public to enjoy musical Sunday evenings the hall should have been filled to overflowing, in place of which only between one and two hundred were present and it was amusing and interest ing to notice the shamefaced way in which jnany of these sneaked in as though engaged in a business of which thoy were half ashamed. Tho honest truth is that thorc is no demand for Sunday evening entertain ments on the part of the great bulk of people. The Anglo-Saxon has always steadily sot his fiace against it, for the reason (hat he has generally ample resources of his own of a quieter but more enjoyable nature. John Bull add his offspring are neither intense Sab' batarians nor on the other hand are they disposed to give up their Sabbath of rest in favor of what has been termed 'the continental Sunday.' No man ever more intensely wrote down Sab batarianism than did Charles Dickens, yet when he aetaally came into contact with a French Sunday, he, who had always before liim the good, the wel fare, the happiness of ihe people, was disenchanted. '?he dirty churches,' he wrote regarding Paris, 'and the clattering carts and waggons, and the open shops (I don't think I passed fifty shut up, in my strolling in and out), and the work- a-day dresses and drsdgeries, are not comfortable. Open theatres and so forth lam well used to, of course, by this time ; bat so much toll and sweat on what ene would like to see, ppart from ^igi(H»ob servances^ a fcenaible holiday, is painfuL' Life in Tlctoria is not of that dull, colorless character, devoid of all joy on week days and doubly sombre on Sun days, which, 4-eing the prevailing tint of lifein-roe part of Great Iibndo% induced Xbsakt to penihatnofel of his, 'All Sorts land Conditions of Men,' which lias liad the effect of raising the People's Palace to introduce some of the sunlight of life. Our circumstances are to totally different here that, so far from wanting color, it Blight possibly be more advantageous if a few more aober tints prevailed. And, finally, though 'wc' do not desire to be under stood to press critically upon the per formers who appeared at the Prahran Town-hall on'Sunday night, it may be pointed out that 'sacred' concerts are cot means adaptable to giving color or brightness to life, even where it is want* ing. They remind us of a glass of water with a spoonful of whisky in it, suffi cient to violate the principles of the tee totaler, but too insipid for the regular drinker. The great bulk of people of i refinement will not go to Sunday even ing entertainments because they do not care for them, and the other class can only be seenred by putting Miriam into short skirts, or making Moses dance a hornpipe. The commttbb orrHE Prahran, Booth Tarn and Toorak Ladies' Benevolent Society report having relieved 114 cases weekly daring the fortnight ending October 6th. The cases numbered 126 adults and 121 children. The adults com prised 76 widows, 17 deserted wires, 9 married couples, 12 aged and single indi viduals. The expenditure for the fortnight was £34 10s. 6d, Assistance in clothing may be sent to 11 Auerly,' Jackson-street, Toorak, or Erehwon 210 Pant-road, Prah ran, and in money to the Hon, treas urer, Clarendon-street, East Melbourne, or Hon. secretary, Cawdor, Armadale. The 'busy man's magazine,' the JlctU'w of Jletieuu, in the Australian edition for September, is before ns, from the enterprising publishers, Messrs. B. A. Thompson and Co., 391 Little Collins street. The special Australian articles, in this magnificent compendium of the current literature of the world, are on Sir George Grey, the Great Australian Dailies, and Mr. Bradley, cartoonist of Melbourne Punch. The main article of the month, the 'character sketch,' is on Sir Charles Dilke, wherein Mr. Stead dis plays bis forcible style in a scathing criticism appropriate both to the writer and the subject. The cartoons are interest ing and the reviews and excerpts judicious ly culled as usual. The theological readings by the Rev. T. J. Malyon, LL.B., have now entered on a very interesting stage, in the one which was given last Thursday evening at the South Yarn Baptist Church the lecturer dealing with the development of civilised life on the globe in pre-Noahic days. An interesting resume will be found in another column. We have before drawn attention to the necessity for changing the date of the termination of the municipal financial year and it is refreshing to find that gradually the public are waking up to this necessity and that, even the Melbourne Argil* now realizes at 'Sarely,' says our contem* poraryT^' the' only sensible and justifiable course is to alter the ending of the financial year, if the present date—the 30th Sep tember— does not sait the exigencies of municipal finance. Why not let the period terminate on the SLst December ? The plea of the councils that they need to overdraw in the winter months In order to provide work for the unemployed, and to take advantage of the opportunity of letting cheap contracts, would then fail,' To this it may be rejoined that it would resalt in setting many millions of money free for public municipal works just at the time when harvesting is in full swing and when labor is dear. The 30th June would un doubtedly be the best date as it would free the municipal fan da just when most required and when they could be most profitably used, viz., at the beginning of winter ; in addition a councillor retiring in August would go before the ratepayers with a completed balance-sheet on which he would have to stand or /all. ' A CHILD cbying in the night,' wrote the late laureate of Eugland, and a child crying in the night aroused some of the worshippers in St Joseph's Church, Fitz gerald-street, Sooth Yarn, on Saturday evening. It was a three days old baby abandoned by some heartless person in tbe church porch, wbo had pinned a note to its clothes as follows : ' Take care of this baby, as its mother has gone to her last home,' which is on the face of it a lie, as if the mother were dead there would be no need of concealmcnt nor any possibility of concealing it, in tbe face of the necessity for a certificate of death. v One of the uost ubepol of those splendid institutions, the Try Excelsior Classes, is tbe Gordon Institute, of which an old friend Mr. C. D. Barber is manager. The annual report for the year ending in June is now before us, and shows that good work is going steadily on. A very large overdraft of £723 was reduced some £500 by the May Fair at the Melbourne Town-hall, but in many ways the Institute has felt the pressure of ibe times. Otherwise the outlook is most cheering. The Friday evening meetings continue their reputation for success, and the reclamation work shows 503 boys sent to the conntiy homes since 1B87. of whom the 'percentage of failure' is a very small quantity. The reports regularly received from the boys, and the thrifty habits evidenced by their savings bank deposits, prove conclusively the' value of the work, while in its far reaching effect no one can estimate the amount of good done, 'when it is considered that of these five hundred boys, 499 would inevitably turn- out loafers and criminals but for the intervention of the Institute, which deserves the heartiest support of the community. A special meeting of the Prahran Board of Advice was held on Friday even ing last, there being present Messrs, G. E. Giderson (chairman), Heady, Fnrneaux, and Vrendenberg (correspondent). The principal business was to elect a new mem ber in place of ex-Cr. John Watson (re signed), and the choice fell npon Mr. D. S. Oakley, builder, of Toorak-road, South Yarra, whose name will be forwarded to the Minister of Education for approval. A complaint by Mr. P. Oanlicnes, of Mal vern-road, against Mr. Templeton, head master of school No. 1407, of unmercifully beating his son, was considered, and s com mittee, consisting of tbe chairman and Messrs. Fnrneaux and Hendy, was appoint ed to investigate the.oomplaiot. Ir is BATlSFAoTOBY to find .that the training given at the TTotbriohl-eaf 'and Dumb Institution meets with approbation. : Mr. J. 9. Mowbray, wholias just concluded a special inspection of ^he «hool ^work, reports * 2 would testify to the xftal and . diligence joE .the teachera -as far as my observation went The tone of tbe school, ; sal saw it, was excellent The 'ohildrea - seemed thorooghly at home, and happy in; school and out oflti andl may say as to the entire management that only irnpres sions of a favourable kind were left on my THB MAXiVBBR BELIEF OOlfHITTRB has concluded ita labors. the liard times ha v-- ing greatly lightened. Tbe amount con* .tributed for the relief of the distressed amounted to -£115 6t. 2d* and the expendi ture to £121 9s. 6d., leaving a debit bal ance of £6 8s. 6d; Bnt jo addition to this ] there were many gifts in kind from trades men and others, and altogether the com- j mittee were enabled to assist 67 families in j their need. | The new libbabian of the St. Kilda Public Library is trying- to breathe life into the dry bones of that institution, and Mr. Butcher is just the man to do it We suppose that the average attendance does not much exceed a dozen persons nightly, and of the 4000 volumes which are on the shelves there is practically nothing of recent date and a superabundance of trashy novels^ Mr, Butcher has therefore not altogether an easy task to weed out the good from the bad, to select a good stock of standard works, and to make the library popular, but he has started on his task with a steadiness of purpose which will ensure succcss, and he wiU have the generous support of the council and its officers. We look forward to great things in the St Kilda library within a year or two. In our columns we give for more space for news than any other suburban newspaper and that consistently issue after issue. But we realise than even space has its limits, when we attempt to find room for contributions such as two of those which have reached us, the one ' Chit Chat About Ghosts ' and the other ' The Peal of Bells ' by Kangaroo. Both are well written, both are readable, both are long, and both unfortunately cannot be ' boiled down 11 with aatisfaetion. We have 6uch a large district to skim over for news, and snch a variety of matter to select from that pith is essential if we would do justice to our readers. Hence wc are compelled to bold over both these effusions for the present, in spite of the readable nature of Kangaroo's pica for a peal of bells for Prahran. To all intents and purposes the Sun day concert movement in Prahran is dead. Nevertheless the ratepayers will meet at the town hall to- morrow night to protest against the action of the council in agree ing to let tbe hall for tbe purpose of those concerts, the mayor having assented to the prayer of a petition prepared by Mr. J. W. Craig and strongly signed by residents. The meeting will commence at 8 o'clock and a lively time may be expected. The big cokcebt in St. Kilda this week is that under the auspioes of the St Kilda Lawn Tennis Club and the manage ment of the business-like secretary, Mr. £. J, Watson, at the St. Kilda Town-hall to-morrow night. A most enticing pro gramme will be presented, including solos, duct, and trio by Miss Jennie Bamsay, MisB Ada Crossley and Mr. Stockwell, piano solo by Miss Bernat, and a recitation by the favourite amateur star actor, Joe Blascheck. Overture and entr'acte music will be given by that able amateur organ isation, the Bohemian Orchestra, and the Balaclava 6ocial Club-witl give a farcical comedy, ' Tom Cob,' by W; 8.- Gilbert, the master of farce, in which the characters will be taken by Messrs. Paul, Batten, Castieau, Gardner, Gibbs, Lawry, Misses Hilda Fraser, L. de C. Berthon and Frances Goldstein. The programme is a highly attractive one and we understand that tickets are selling in a deservedly rapid fashion, bo that we anticipate a full house and a finished performance. We have beceived from Messrs. G. G. Turti and Co., per Mr. Webb, Junction, St Kilda, the September number of the Australian edition of the Engineering Magazine, which as usual contains a number of well-written and beautifully illustrated articles, of world-wide interest, by the very best professional authorities in the United States. The Australian article is 6ir Bobert Hamilton's often quoted paper on Australian railways. A feature of the magazine is the technical index of interesting articles, published in all the technical journals of the United States, England and France, any one of which can be obtained for a few pence by a system of coupons. The thousands of articles, on all sorts of scientific and mechanical subjects, thus listed, offer a fascinating selection to tbe student and the practical man alike, and the index alone is worth the price of the magazine. 