A HEART'S MISTAKE. CHAPTER XXXII. a declaration of love. It was nearly dark when the three young voyagers returned, r6sy with exercise, and full of merry allusions . to the afternoon they had passed ; but Mrs. Vansittart turned sharplv away when Celine would fain have -shown 1 her the rough sketch she had made of the old beech tree that overhung the cove. "I want nothing to do with your I nonsense," she said, sharply. " If you're too young and foolish to see that you are being used as a mask to | hide the silly flirting of others I am not." "Ob, grandmamma," cried Celine, aghast ; "if Miss J ones had heard you. I am so glad she is gone upstairs." " It is perfectly immaterial to me whether she hears or not," shortly an swered the old lady. " Go and tell ; Allen it is high time dinner was on j the table. Celine anticipated what she phrased ! a " stormy timo of it " at the dinner- 1 table, but, to her surprise and delight, as well as all concerned, Mrs. Van- 1 sittart was unusually gracioife and i pleasant, even condescending to address' the governess in terms of ordinary civility, and not once checking Celine or hurling sarcasms at Cyril. " I believe the millenium is coming," audaciously whispered Celine to her uncle, as Mrs. Vansittart, announcing that she was very much fatigued; re tired at once to her own room.. "While Cyril hoped most devoutly in his heart that she had, after mature delibera tion, concluded to make /the best, of . his contemplated wooing. For with every hour and ever mo ment Cyril Vansittart was becoming, more hopelessly entangled in the meshes of the little blind god. Sylvia herself was beginning to suspect, and with a strange feeling, as if every tender word from him were a desecration of tho holy affection shrined upon the altar of her heart to the memory to which she was l'esolvqd to live and die scrupulously faithful, she shrank from his attentions, re solved in future to let him' see plainly how totally unacceptable to- her they were. Now she was determined there should be no delay. " You will come out in the' garden a little while this evening?" pleaded Cyril, when Sylvia rose . to follow Celine from the room, after the lamps were lighted, their lustre softened by shades of colored glass. "See how lovely the moonlight is — and the air is soft as J une. It's a shame to let these glorious evenings go by unim proved." " Not to-night," Sylvia answered, coldly. "I am tired, and need re pose !" "Rest here, then, upon tho sofa. Why need you hurry away?" urged \- Cyril, in tenderly caressing accents. ' " You. must excuse me, indeed," said Sylvia, still more frigidly. " I think Celine is calling me." And tho next moment Mr. Vansit tart found himself alone. "What does this mean ?" lie mut tered. " My mother must have ben tampering with her. ' But I will riot be evaded thus another time. She shall tell me whether I have any reason to hope, or whether " But, brave man though ho was, .Cyril Vansittart could hardly face the latter alternative, so he closed his eyes resolutely on its possibility, and left the sentence unfinished. Restless and feverish he found it impossible to compose his mind to reading, although ho took up a book, and turned its pages hurriedly over, and after pacing a few times up and down tho stone flagging in front of tho porch steps, and consulting his watch, to find, to I. is annoyance, that it was only 10 o'clock, he strode down the path to tho boat-houso, arid plunging into the smallest craft, pulled himself, by a fe& rapid strokes, out into tho placid current of the stream. s . " I must bo doing something," ho thought, "and a 10-milo row will do me good." . 'It was a littlo past midnight when Mrs. Vansittart issued from the side door leading towards tho north, wrapped in a black showl which con cealed her from head to foot. Looking from ono side to tho other, and speaking a aoothing word to the huge dog, which came round the cornel', muttering a low growl, she ncared a spot from which she drew a huge cedar1' bough, lying close up against tho foun dation of tho Tower, as if it had fallen from one of tho trees close by, thus re vealing a hollow entrance or subter ranean passage below, which was full of light logs, sticks, and paper stuffed in' between the interstices, as if prepara tions had been made for some gigantic bonfire. Igniting a match which she held ready in her hand, she threw it among the combustible heap, and, I hurriedly drawing the cedar bough still farther back, as if to give a more complete current of air, she hastened buck to the door whence she had come, dragging tho dog into the hall after her . by bis collar, and imperatively hushing his sullen growls. "Now, I am safe enough," she mur mured, listening with a triumphant leer for the crackle of the rising flames, f The servants are on the other shore celebrating old Mrs. Owen's wake — all except old Joseph, who is purblind and stone deaf. Celine is locked into her room, where she always sleeps soundly enough. I took care to turn tho key on tho outside before I came out, and Cyril, thank goodness, is far enough away. Yes, I think I am safe now !" Mrs. Vansittart walked composedly back to her room, glancing out through a side window as she went, and sat down with a book in her hand as com posedly as if the octagon struoture from which Bevanmore Tower took its name were not already bursting out into a wreathed mass of forked flames, licking tho foundations of the tower like the red tongue of some venomous reptile rejoicing over its prey. And she smiled to remember that Sylvia Burton's room was the only inhabited .apartment in the tower, shut-off froiri all help or succour; as totally as if it were in a desert isle, and that she herself had locked the door leading from the tower to the little bridge, bolting it below with double boits, so that the strength of a Samson would scarce avail against its oaken panels. The house might scorch a bit — let it. It was solid stone, unlike the fragile material of which the tower was built, and could sustain no serious harm, and the tower had always been an eyesore to those who pretended to architectural taste. ' As she leisurely pondered these things, as Lucretia Borgia of old might ' have sat awaiting the development of some None. of her fiendish schemes, the clock struck one. At the same moment a furious rap ping was heard at the outer door, ac- I companying shouts demanding en trance. Mrs. Vansittart listened a moment. "It is Cyril," she said. "Well, he is fortunately come.'' And slowly descending the stairs, with a great noise of her gold-headed stick, she withdrew the bolts of the 'front door, and opened it. 9 Is it you, Cyril ?" she began. "Why, I thought -you were in long ago. The servants ara all but but' Joseph, and he sleeps like — i — " " Mother,' for heaven's sake let me in 1" he interrupted, pale as a sheeted, ghost. "The Tower is on fire, and. Miss Jones " , " The Tower on fire !" she shrieked, as he rushed past her - like a mad creature, springing up the stairs to- i wards the door leading to the bridge, shouting for help as ho went. But in the same instant there was > crasli like the rending of a huge forest tree from its fibred roots. The bridge had fallen, and the Tower, a i mass of flames from turret to founda- I tion, stood- like a fiery column, alone I and isolated. Crash after crash fol- lowed, then the thunderous noise of | falling ceilings and beams giving way. ' The flames burst like red upward cas cades from every window, and Cyril Vansittart, ' standing with clasped hands and a face of -mortal terror, knew that Hhe time for help was past. ' . ' - Mrs. Vansittart knew -it, too ; nor was. the evil light in her face the re flection alone from the : conflagration upon! whjch she gazed,' while old. Joseph, who had just aroused to a sense of what was going on around him, was staring stupidly about with a pail of water in his hand, crying feebly — ' " Mistress, mistress, where be I to pour it?" " Good heavens 1" ejaculated Cyril, covering his face with both hands, must I stand idly by while she is perishing in the flames?" Mrs. Vansittart, satisfied that her work was complete, hobbled down stairs to see if Celine had heard the tumult. Softly knocking at tho door she her self had fastened on tho outside, she entered the apartment, where a bright light was always kept burning. "Celine!" she said, in a voice which, in spite of herself, was slightly tremulous ; " Celine ! " . . . But there was no answer. The room' was empty. For an instant tho sickening incubus of a great fear weighed down her very heart. Could it bo possible that, urged by some childish freak, of which Celine's nature was full, sho had stolen secretly upstairs, and crossed the bridge to nestle in tho governess' couch, sharing tho samo pillow with the young creature she loved so fondly? Had bIio, by her own mur derous act, destroyed tho porson she cherished most tenderly and dovotodly in all the world ? ' Sho staggered back, Bick and' con- fused, as if struck by some cruel blow. But, almost in tho same breath, she felt a gush of cool air from a wide- open window opposite, close to which a chair had been drawn. The enigma was solved at last. The child had been awakened by the confusion without; for by this time several boatloads of people from tho shore had arrived, and -there was a miniature Babel surrounding the building ; and unablo to open her door, she had sprung from the window, and made her way thus to the scene of the disaster. It was but a trifling dis tance from the window-ledge to the ground, nothing to a child of Celine's elastic quickness and agility ; and re lieved by this mental assurance, old Mrs. Vansittart hurried out once more to seek her granddaughter. " Celino ! Celine !" she called again arid again, pushing her way madly be tween the spectators, and staring round with eyes that seemed fairly to blazo out from her cadaverous old face. "I am here, grandmamma," answered a merry voice. " Oh, isn't it line ? I'm so glad the old tower is ' burned down, so long as the rest of tho house is safe. I always hated it !" Mrs. Vansittart started back with distended jaws and a faint sound like a cry. Close to Celine, with her arm round the young girl's waist, Sylvia Burton was standing, intently watching the progress of the flames. ' Rescued once more from the valley of the shadow of death — saved yet again from a fate that Mrs. Vansit tart had deemed as certain as death itself. "You — you here?" she gasped; " I thought — I believed " "Wasn't it providential," cried Celine, fondly, drawing the governess close to her, " that I got lonely . and nervous, and crept through ! the halls in my nightgown, after you were all in bed, to coax Jane Jones to come and sleep with me to night? Oh, Jane" — and she burst into hysterical crying — " what would , have become of you if — if— — But a voice interrupted her — husky ' and shrill, like that of ono in mental pain — that of Cyril Vapsittart, who had just come up. ; "Jane!" he cried. . "Oh, heaven, how can I sufficiently thank thee? If. you . had perished in those flames, Jane," he .added, passionately; ".I i would have rushed in and perished too, for life without, you is but a (.worthless gift 1?' - ; "Hush 1" , . -Sylvia Burton drew back, her cHeek growing even paler than it had been before. " " But I will not hush," went on tho excited young man, lowering his voice,, but speaking rapidly still ; "Jane, I, |ean keep silence no , longer ; you must 'hear me !l love you I I cannot live without you ! Oh, tell me that you re turn that love, if only- in the- slightest degree !" Mr. Vansittart, ''-said the governes.s, shrinking back, "you must not speak to me so. We can never bemore than friends— not even that', if you ddn't cease to persecute me thus." ."You do not love me?" he gasped, leaning against the stone pillar; of ; the porch. " I do not — nor ever can." " Do not say that, Jane ; let me have a little morsel of hope to live on. Perhaps in time " "Time can never alter my feelings," she said sadly. "But, Jane," he urged, breath lessly. i "Mr. Vansittart," "she interrupted, " for heaven's sake spare us both this needless pain. My decision is final. I can never love you, because every pulse of my heart is given to another. I tell you this to convince you that any further entreaty on your part will be uselesB. Spare a helpless, ' friend less girl, and speak to me no more of this." Vansittart stood, as if paralysed by the sudden shock of her' firm, low- spoken words ; 'and in the same second came a crash, filling the air with smoke and .flame. ' The tower, had fallen ! chapter xxxiii. sylvia leaves bevanmore. The next morning's sun rose, cruelly bright and cloudless, over the charred and smoking mass of blackened tim bers and fallen masonry, which were all that remained of the octagonal tower, and Sylvia, looking out upon the ruins, with Celine leaning over her shoulder, felt awestricken, she knew not why, and strangely sad. . What would have been her sensa tions had she known the true history of the conflagration, or dreamed of the awful peril which had hung over her own young life ? But sho was ignorant, fortunately so, or perhaps the knowledge that her life was hunted with so relentless and desperate purpose might have urged her overtaxed nature one step too far, and driven hor mad. " As it was, however, hor mind was full of anxious thoughts and sad fore bodings. Sho !could not forgot Cyril Vansittart's words of the night before — the words which must so materially alter her position in tho household of Bevanmoro. For after what had passed it would be painfully em barrassing for her' to remain at Bevanmore, unless Mr. Vansittart should see the propriety of at once leaving the place. Surely ' it must be equally as hard for him to meet her again as for her to look him in the face as if they were mere everyday acquaintances. She was entirely help less to overt theso evil consequences ; but it was at Cyrjl Vansittart's ' own option to protect her from the slightest annoyance, and, she had sufficient con fidence in tho chivalry of his nature to believe that lie would at once bring his stay at Bevanmore to a termiha- tiori "Jane,'' whispered Celine, softly, stealing her own loving little hand into Sylvia's clasp, " what are you thinlcina of?" ' . , , "A variety of things, Celine, inany of which I can hardly explain to you," answered the governess, with a mourn ful smile. . "Do you know, Jane, it seems so strange,'' said the impulsive girl, " but you are like two different persons, at times." " How like two different persons ?" " Well, you are only three years my senior, after all," explained Celine, " and there are times when you 'Seem almost a child like myself — and then, again, you change so strangely, . and seem years and years older than I,, as if you had lived a lifetime of trouble and grief.- Oh, Jane, I am a careless, heedless child, but I notice these things, and I am so very sorry for you when the old shadow. . comes- over your heart!"--' The governess drew Celine closer to. her and laid her pale cheek against the child's golden, flowing hair, with a caressing movement, . . " Oh, Celine,'' she murmured, "may it be long before you are as old in heart as I am. It were far far better for you to die now . and lie down in your quiet grave, my poor child 1'' "But, Jarie, tell me about it!1' .pleaded Celine, wistfully. Sylvia drew back. " I cannot, dearest.: It is not- the least part of my punishment that I must suffer in silence. Do not ask me to explain this mystery to you : but remember, darling Celine, what ever happens to either of us, that your-' sympathy was very dear to me 1" ''But, Jane,'|what should happen ?" asked' -the, child, with soft wondering eyes. "Nothing, love nothing. There is the bell— lot us go in to breakfast 1" Mrs. Vansittart sat at the table, bent and beyond her usual wont, while her' face was frightfully cadaverous, and she shunned the glances of those around her as if she bore some guilty signet on her brow, and feared lest its import should be deciphered by all who looked upon her. She spoke little — neither did Cyril, who was himself nearly as pale, and had it not been for Celine's careless chatter about the startling incidents of the foregoing night, the conversation would -have flagged wofully. " I suppose you will have the rubbish of the fallen tower cleared away as soon as possible, Uncle Cyril?" she said, with a glance out of tho opposite window, thiough 'which was visible the, little - group jof seryants and - curious strangers ;wlio had rowed over, early in the morning as it was, to look at the result ;of the conflagration of the previous might. "I hardly know," said Mr. Van sittart.' " To tell you the truth, Celine, I think of leavirig Bevanmore in a day or -two." . Celine uttered a cry. of suprise. Mrs. Vansittart looked;1 sharply up, and Sylvia, was vexed to feel the crimson torrent welling up into her pale cheek as s.he bent over her plate. "Why, Uncle Cyril," exclaimed the child, in an injured voice, " it was only yesterday you wore talking of the. nice nutting parties we would have in the woods, and the old-fashioned way in which we we're going to spend Christ mas together." ' "Very possibly," returned Mr. Vansittart, dryly,, "but 'I have changed my mind !" Celine pouted ; in truth, she 'was sadly disappointed at this unlooked- for change of plans. " Are you in earnest, Cyril ?" ques tioned his mother, abruptly. "Do you really mean to leave Bevanmore ?" " I really do, mother." Mrs. Vansittart looked keenly from her son to the governess, then back again, and a slow'smile crept over her thin lips as she conjectured the true state of the easel Fortune had not entirely deserted tier banner arter all. Just as they were concluding the morning meal a servant entered with some letters. " Thoy arrived .five minutes ago, sir. Joseph ' brought them from the post office when he came with the carpen ter's men and the builders." ': Cyril Vansittart slowly broko open the seals, one by one. Celine lingered in hopes of hearing-some news which might specially interest her, and the young governess sat silent opposite. But the last letter seemed to possess more interest to Mr. Vansittart than any of the others. He read it eagerly twice over,, and finally laid it on the table, with a puzzled contraction of hisbvows. " Here's a pieoe of news that will materially alter my plans," he said ; " and over which I hardly kngw t whether to be pleased or not 1" " Who is your letter from ? ' And what may tho news be?" demanded 'Mrs. Vansittart. " From Edgar Talbot ! And is ho homing to Bevanmore. Talbot, Edgar Talbot," echoed Celine. " What, the hanasomo young man that , travelled with you . three years ago, and that you used to write so many letters about ?' Oh, I am so glad ? I should like so much to see hiiri !" " Child, bo silent I" said the old lady, peremptorily. " When is your friend coming, Cyril f" "To-morrow, or the day after, ho writes. I am sorry tho place should present so dreary an aspect just at present." "Gh. Uncle Cyril," cried Celine, with a littlo grimace, " I think the pile of ruins is much prettier than the humbug of a' wooden tower, which always seemed as if it were no relation at all to tho rest of tho house !" And they Rallied about what apart ment should be prepared in honor of tho expected guest, and branched off into half, a score of various topics; and no one thought of observing the white, statue-like figure, which sat with hands so tightly elenohed that the filbert nails actually cut into the tender flesh of the palm, and eyes glittering with strango, repressed light. Sylvia did not faint, nor groan, nor cry out ; but her suffering was none the less keen for being concealed, and when she fol lowed Celine into the hall the child noticed how pale and drawn her face looked. "Jane, you are worn out with the terror and. excitement of last night !" slio exclaimed, involuntarily. "We will have no lessons to-day." " Celine," said Sylvia, taking both the girl's hands into her's and looking eagerly into her:face, "I wish I coulcl' tell you what is in , my heart, but I cannot. Oh, I cannot ! Leave me a little while, darling. Let me rest 1" "Does' your head ache? Let me bathe it -with eau-de-Cologne."' ' "No ; it does not uche, or. if ii does, I do not feel the pain. I only, Want to he alone, Celine. Just for. a little while, my dearest." ( So Celine brought a pillow to lay oyer the arm of the. schoolroom sofa, and after carefully, darkening nil the . windows, crept on tip-toe ont of the room, returning an instant after wards to bring a branch of delicious hot-house rqses, tinted with cream and gold, and breathing a subtle frng- rance, which she persisted would cure any headache. And she left Sylvia with the roses 'lying on her pillow, and only one or two beams of morning gold tracing their glimmer on the carpet, through tho closely-drawn .blinds. She lay there nearly an hour, quite alone' and motionless, thinking what it was best for her to do. Of course ; 'it would now -become impossible for. her to-remain nt Bevanmore, for the i same roof could never again shelter hersolf and the husband she had left for ever — and a shuddering groan broke from her overcharged bosom as j she thought what un avenging fate seemed to pursue rier with relentless footsteps. Bevanmore had begun to seem like ,n sweet, homelike refuge to her; .Mrs. Vansittart was taunting and 'unkind, but Celine's childlike affec- I'tion a thousand times counterbalanced ' all her grandmother's bitterness — and . just, ds the wearied heart was beginn- \ ing to calm itself into something like peace the summons came to be up and doing onco again — to rise and face once more the cruel world, which she ; had" learned to diend more timorously than ever, since a rude contact with it had taught her how merciless it could be. She must leave Bevanmore; but when, and how ? All of her poor little effects had been destroyed in the fire which .had. razed the tower to the ground; with the exception of a very ' few articles which hod been temporarily in Celine's room. Amongst the latter was her suit of outdoor wearing apparel, and the por- temonnaie in the pocket of her dress, . which contained a pound or so of the money Mrs. Olaridge had so thought fully advanced to her. "She will think I have- been un faithful to hor trust, and Mr. Bevan's kindness will seem cruelly abused !" she thought, with a slow tear or two stealing out from underneath her long eyelashes ; " but I must not pause to think of that now. My fate seems' to have passed beyond the control of my own bands now, and I can but blindly follow its stern dictates. It may seem wrong, but I have heard good minis ters say that God is kinder .in his judgment than inan, and he will pity my loneliness and grief." A clock, striking in the room be yond, warned her that the hour of noon had arrived. She had lain there longer than she had any idea of — or rather, time had slipppd unheeded away, in the con fused tumult that seemed to crowd the power of thought out of her brain. She rose, and going to Celine's room, bathed her eyes, and brushed -out the tangled curls that hung so wildly over her forehead. (to be continued. ) 