THE BARBER'S GHOST. 4 - Night was coming on apace; a piercing east wind wildly seatteted before it the thick flakes of snow, which were descend ing so as completely to obliterate all traces orf th path thiroughl a loudly moor,; over which a traveller was journeying, with the hope of reaching a village, where he intelded to remain for the night. lie was aul entire stranger in those parts, and such was the unaure of the country that, uilder tine lmost favourable circullstan he would have experienced some difMi in ttireatlitgi the mazes of the wi trit hlie ihad to traverse. in this dilenu a,, ; his only re. he coiniuitted liil:.self to the guidiat his horse, coicludiiug that tiue instir the nioblea:iiuial w?as miiuch betlter ad to tlh eicl'ergcley tiuani his own rias wilcered as it, was. The faithful an ga:l::i-ls creature fully juistificd the c deice repoced iii himi; lie pursued course steadily, but cautiously, and in fe?v hours the traveller, to his indescrib able joy, discerned a faint glimluering light in the horizon. By this time, lie was almost an icicle, and was frozen so fast to the saddle that horse and rider, like the fabled centaur, formned oile bodly. The noble brute to whose superior sagacity, a "lord of the creation," on this occasion, was indebted for his safety, continued to pursue his course, until at length the traveller, more dead tlian alive, arrived at a venerable alid sp;tious-looking imansion, which ap upearel to have been in forlner dlays a ga:stle, as soimie of the battlemlents, the l;atl andl thle gothic gateway were still re ntainhug. I lowever, as lights appeared in the wim iows, ali soundils of revelry were heard froli within, the stranger didl not hesitate to avail hiuiself of the knocker to ail iounce his arrival a mnd after a short in terval, the door was opened. Judge his surlprise auid satisfaction at iiudlingl hi'mself uslheredl into a spalcious area, the scelue, prolbably, in anciet da.tys, of tilts andu toulrnamentsl , but wlhich lhail by uodeiiu inmproventeut been convertedl ilito a ,tahIle yard, for the accoimmlludation of horses. iSome parts of the castle itself -for such it was-were tralisforluiel into coif.rtahi eL i cilllllodatioulls for travel lers. mo;anly of swhotii weLre iow safely hoIusCl, .culrc front the pelting of the pitile.s ti: Im. Onr travelier was with difficulty dle tachedl floi his horse, a:Il wvasi shown ito the spacious kitlihen, it, the iugle nook of whlichli no was thiawed down to lhis atiiral shape and dhietsinsi, bhut tnot before his groitesue atp aiili'aiice had aliTordel ampillle iiuerrillieiit to the luciats who were ca liusiuug there. .1s our guest was a wag, and it humoristt , hei avowed to hinlself that he woould be even, ithl tlheml for their Imtis tied jokes ; and lie was as good as his word, as ort will see. After iaying a visit to Ilis trusty steedl, and seeing Iimin well fed and fldere:d, lie inquireld of the lanlladly if hlie could ie ac coinunhodateul with ia bed for himself ; lbut what was his vexation on hearing that the rooms were all engaged, except oline apart iuelnt into which nol tiravi-ller ever chose to enter, as it was reputed to Ihe halinutel iby the spirit of anll iuflortuiiate lr!l., who had cut his throat there sonic tlh .. weeks before; silice which catastrophlle the roo-, was regarded with so mune!l IreaI fled by the idle fears of ghosts ; aild as it was out of the question to bulge that night, lie expressed his determin:ation to sleep ill the haunted chalnber, andl a thought which crossed his i in l cointiioed his resolution. The dilliculty was to pre vail upon the servaints to enter the ronol to ima:lke a fire iand prepare a lied; but by diint of a certain argulillcnt the t:raveller lpersuadelhc them to cuter in a Ito.l, headingl and enCcouraging tlielii hii self. At length, everythilg was arranged for the accoilluiodatioli of the rash aind presulmptiuous strange'r, is lie was conl silered by everyone in the house, fromu the landlord to the boots. tOur traveller, after palrtakinlg of a hearty supper, ordered his bottle and pipe to be carried up-stairs, observing that it was his intention to sit up awhile to await the coirnig of the spirit, and to iquestioin hini about the dreadful secret that preyed upon his miind and prevented him front resting quietly in his grave. 'The hlandlady, who adlirLed the courage of her guest, while she regretted his rash ness, bade hiiia "(;ood night," with " leaven bless you, sir," which she uttered ill a touc iof misgivinig rather thai;n hope, as if she doubteid whether site would ever see hlim again. Our traveller lighted his pipe ?nd awaited the issue very composedly. The clock struck twelve, the high c:hange hour of ghosts. but no -spirit ap peared. The stolrm had liow ileireasedl to a perfect huirricaile, a;l the guists seemed resolved to sit it out, as they hail foriiedl tiihelmselvc.t into a party at hazardl. (Our traveller had, dulr:ug the night, heard fre tiueiit allusions iluade to himself, some of the coiip:uiy w:ouderiug what wouldt he come of him whlen the castle bell should toll one, which was the sigmnal for the ghost to appear. This was news for our tra veller which lie did not fail to turn to im mediate advautage, by setting about his preconceived design of acting the part of ghost liinscif. With this view, he converted one ot his sheets into, a very appropriate spectral rolbe, arotnd his nlleck hle tied a iCel gartelr, to ipresene t till .wolnid i:nflicted by the deceased l arber on his throat. A piece of burnt cork euabled himi to disguise his face alid-renider it sufiicielntly hlideous ; and, to crown all, a nigiht-capl with a largo tassel, withl death's head land cross-.hoies riepresentedl in front lby lloeanus of the aforesaid burlit cork. It was niow on ithe stroke of oi,:; andi, aIs if to second his views, the compann y were just thiei intent on their paneo; there was iiot a mlillute to Ie lost soiucmethig, hloweve;r, was nieeded to conlplete his costume. lie thought the spirit of thie arber could niot be luore appropriately eluilppled tlhai with a razor in one haind aud a shavimng- box in the other. Ilis piortiilanteau soon suppliedl these reqluisite appni ulages, lwhen it sud tlenlv occurre I to liinl thalit it w-ould gireatly hleighlte .the eltfect if burning slhihit werie sulstitultedl for the ordinary lather. Thie relnaiilut ill the bottle readily furnished himi withl the lialllanmalle lather. Conceive him i ictady for action, awaiting iie awfill sigunal forom the castle turret. It sonuded at length, and our ghost, having lighted up the ethercal contents of his l:tlather-box, st.idked out of the room withl a heavy treadl. Thei strange souil ilid the omiinious toll of the bell instautly put all iold .o all noise and revelry aunonllgst the, tercilied gamblers. With onue kick the spectre forcedi olpen the door, anld pre sented himiself to the horror-stricken com patny. T'he ghost tleemced it prudent not to llow themn to rally their senses but Ias a clinax to the sceeI, holding the razor ill one haud aid the shaving box in tlhe other, in a deep, hollow voice, said,." Will you be shlaved C' There is something sufficiiently dlisa greeable ihi the sight of a naked razor brandislhed in a menacingattitude, but the idea of being shaved by a ghost, and brushed with inllamlliable lather, is too much for hlumain nerves. The comlnpany all rose in all inlstantl; and, as there was fortunately a back door in the lroom ]lead ing to the kitchen stairs, tllrough that they precipitated themselves necks and heels, never stoppilng until theily reached tile bottomi, where they lay sprawling in speechlels terror. Meanwhile the ghost was not idle ; his robe served as an apron, into which I1e collected all the money oi the table. lie tlhen extinguished the candles and retired to his room, chucklillg at the complete success of his scheme. Hlow the routed guests recovered from their fright would be suIperlhious to re late ; sultice it to say, thlat at last they retired in fear and tremiblilng to their beds, without oLnce thilnking of the onay they had left behind them, ill the apart lenit where the ghost so unexpectedly in terruipted their revelry. Tihe next uorning our traveller in vain ranug his bell fur the waiter; not a soul in thle house dared aliswer thesullninolus; and when lie at length mill;e his appealranie below, all seemed to shrinlk froim his tpre sence as if it were a second supernatiural visitatioul. lie called for his breakfast, but no breakfast was forthlcominig, and he was surveyed at a distance witu glances of suspicion and dread. At length, however, lie succeeded in persuading the landlady, who was a woman of good ulnerstanldig, that hie was the identical stranger who had slept in the ihaultel chiamlber, and that lie was really Ilesh atld blood, ail not a ghost. This assuranlee hlie conliruiued by a cordial shake of the handll, aecomlipanied liy a goold natured laaugh at the fears which his ap pearuancelhad occasioned. The good latly at lengthl slniiienucd comaii?e to enter into cO,,ver-isatiut with him, atnd inquired how lie hal:l ,passed the night. "Never better," was the reply. "lid you hear nothing I" " Nothing," lihe replied. Nor see auythiuig " " Whyli yes," saiul lie, with an air of in diflereuce ; "an iijmpuli.lelt siouldrel of a barber poupped his lead into lily room at one o'clocki ini the morinig, aiid . askeCI if I wtantdlll tou lie :lhaveul. I sutlLSedl the feill-w was driu!ik, ild .so I kicked hini ioaii stairs, .i1u.u fel .le cel, again." .As the we.ithlr i:clutiiii te L ealllll?,tu.ous, the guests rituiiluel ill their ,iuir.terls to dinner: and our- t?aivelleri,inedl tlhemui at the tableo. The coniver.atoitoin iitirally turnedl to the oecurrrine of the pirecediing eelling; andSi the hero of tihe t.ile was iuiuh- amused at the ,iiillerent accuilits giveln o the ghos1lt. C)ll i.si:.std that it was that of the larber rio lt .ulllustioii ably, as lie was very well acqilaiteLd with hili. A secoind ,slherve I that althuuii!i lie had never seena the Iblaluer while liv ilg, lie had seenl a capital likeness of him, andi that it was as like the ghost as two peas. Alitl,ther protcsted that the ir,, caille froitl his mouthlltt aild iiostrils, alil that his voice relslmledl that of the uii fo:tiniiate tian who hadintl ominitteel silicilde in tihe eliamler which his troubled spirit nighitly revisited. At leigth our friend, requestinug per liission to lie heard, thus addre.sied the i.iilllaiiiy - "tienitlenen, I love a joke as well as ally lan ; but a joke may lie carricel too fai ; and iias the belief iii ghosts is as ab lieu, the iieutical ghost that spreald such. cinsternlatiion a!lluiigst youll When I en teredl this ilil last nii:ilt you were pleCase: to le very lIerliy at lily expenlse i and as I always give a IRolanl or an Riliver, i vowed I woluld lie revenged. The idle r, Lurt if tihe ghost in the h;uiiitld chlaiuil-ti si ueggte tl o ie the selltuie I lpra:tise I witlh so ulti?h unecess. If y'o doul,t Illy word, gelutleiic, ieholdi the uiniiey youl Icft ibehiul, in vyour. hurry, aind which L bere ot"i with tlhe iliteintiou of restorilig to youIt, as I no dol." .s lie said this, lie unliddeli a hainiker ohief 5ald deposited the gdl lupin, the talble. h'l'?e expl:aati? l i, iau uiip.util a-i it was by the tuiexpeeted recouvery of thime cash, prodiced a universal ?rii of laulghter. The guests shook the tra veller by the hand, heartily tlihankiutg him for it leSsoil thia' shloubhl never forget to the last hour of their lives. 