The Governor at Strathfield. Lord Jersey visited Strathfield on Thursday afternoon for the purpose of taking part in the laying of the foundation stone of the new parish Church of St. Anne's, Strathfield and Homebush. The Mayor (Alderman Hinchcliff) met the vice regal party at the Homebush Station, and con ducted them to the site of. the new structure at the intersection of Homebush- road and Beresford street, where, among others, the following were present: The Primate (Dr. Samaurez Smith), Archdeacon Gunther, Canons Moreton, King, Sharp, and Ketnmie, Bevs. A. S. Bartlett. M.A. (Burwood), S. Hungerford (Enfield), T. K. Bess, A. Yarnold, G. F. D. Priddle, Dr. Harris, C. Baber, B.A. (Eural Dean), and H. J. Eose (incumbent of the parish). The usual service set apart for such occasions was conducted by the incumbent, and the Primate addressed the assemblage, trusting the interest in the build ing would not end in that day's proceedings. He urged the congregation to strengthen each other's hands in the work commenced, also in the conduct of the affairs of the church. ; His ExcsLLENcf having been presented frith a silver trowel and mallet, suitably inscribed, laid the stone 'In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.' The hymn, 'ChriBt is the Corner Stone,' was sung by the church choir, and collections were taken up on behalf of the church fund. His Excellency then congratulated the members of the church on the commencement of the new structure, which he trusted would prove bene ficent to the people of the district. It was the right thing, as the people of a district increased that provision should be made for their spiritual requirements. The singing or tne .National Anthem closed the proceedings. \- It is intended, to erect only a portion of the edifice at present, to consist of the nave, with aisles on either side, and two porches, which will give seating accommodation to 300 persons. The building' when complete will comprise nave (78ft x 35ft), with aisles, transept, vestry, and chancel. There will also be a tower and spire 132ft in height. The building will then seat about 600 persons. The building will be of brick, in the Early English style of architecture, with stone dressing. The total cost is estimated at -36250, including the site, but the present portion to be erected will cost ^63400,. of.. which amount, J61400 has been ssubsbribed, 'and a furtnersup pfL,£p5 \ Ids was laid on the stone. The architects are Messrs. Sulman and Power, Sydney, and the con tractor Mr. Uobson. The liquidators of the South Melbourne Build ing Society estimate that the depositors will ultimately receive 10s in the £, but they report that the' reserve fund and the shareholders' capital, as well as JB69,7£8 of the depositors' money, has been lost. Mr. Carlefcon, Ettari&eer; for Harbors and Rivera, hu selected ft site foe .a vh*rf at Btewarriaa. 