SOCIAL HAUNTS. A J IN^LE. He who cannot read is blest •—% " Hp ■!" you cry, " what arrant treaponl Thus you stand a fool confessed "— Wait, and I will give my reason. m T had read reviews and papers, Essays, magazines, and works (By the light of lamps or tapers) Without end, till it grew irks •Ome. Yes, read Burns on sweaters, Mann on strikes, and Cotton's letters; Read of Ravachol's mad capers, And of bombs, and vaults where lurks Murder, cruel as the Turks. Moore's " Utopia," Henry George On the land, or else on labor; ■Schemes to make the rich disgorge, By the law or by the sabre, T perused—each panacea For redressing human woes, Till I thought I'd rather be a Hottentot, that nothing knows, Or a sleeping Salamander, Than myself ; or to meander, I had wished, with some fair Thea, In the realms of sweet repose, Where the jackerandah blows. Thus distraught with warring words, Through the woods I sought to wander, There, by song of syren birds Soothed, on Nature's ways to ponder. Ah ! methought how blest the quiet Of these sinuous forest tracks ! Eat, my soul, of this pure diet, That no healing yirtue lacks; With its balm assuage thy illness. Then there echoed thro' the stillness Words that made my blood run riot, And my indignation wax, Loudly spoken, "Single Tax." Stopping then my ears, I pressed Further 'neath the sylvan curtain, There to find surcease and rest Seemed of most things the most certain. Here no Register or 'Tiser With its rude alarms was found. Here communing men grow wiser. Then I heard an ogral sound, And I started, thwart the solemn Shadows, seeing " Caesar's Column " Staring at me like a miser Newly robbed, or one that's drowned, Writ in light upon the ground. Strange, #I thought, that far from Wigg's And from Rigby's should be lying, Mid the leaves and broken twigs, Title of the tale of dying Hopes of men in cataclysm : That, where Peace, a priestess coped, Would anoint me with her chrism (This I confidently hoped) I should be, instead, tormented Here, amidst the sweetly scented Trees, by ghosts of anarchism, From whose dim I had eloped, £Andmy way had hither groped. This I muttered as I fled As from some death-dealing adder; While through green and gold I sped, Madder made instead of gladder. Yet, I thought, 'tis a chimera, Just a fancy of the brain. Tush! be.calm, I need not fear a Phantom ; fear and flight are vain. Then on bole, and branch, and foliage, Making of my courage- spoliagb, Dazed, I saw the words " New Era," Graven by the lightning's stain, And I turned and fled again. Sqon before me I espied (Cold enough to make one shiver), Fringed with reeds on either side, Waters of a flowing river. Plunging in, I cried, " Oh, hide me In thy depths, beyond the sight Of the ghouls that taunt and chide me, Of the goblins that deride me, And the visions that affright. Give, oh, give, the rest denied me !" Then there came a flash of light Followed by swift-treading thunder, And it clove the stream asunder. Round, above, beneath, beside me, Burst a mine of dynamite. With the blood of fish it dyed me, And would certainly have skied me In the fury of its might, But I woke—'twas twelve at night. G. R C. 