PROMOTION AND DEGRADATION OF A SPIRIT. Three recent issues of the Pekin Gazette con tain the records of a very curious transaction: inmrhich the Emperor took pars. : - T* Jias refe rence to Ma Ju-Lung, formerly Commander in-Chief in Yunnan, who recently died at his native place in that province. A memorial was presented to the Emperor from certain prominent persons in the province setting out the great deeds which he performed, and pray ing for suitable posthumous honors to be bestowed upon him. He played a very promi : nent and equivocal part in the great Mahome dan or Panthay rebellion in Yunnan about. 20 Vf^i.TO asm Ha ixraa fl.fc iZha nnfaaoh tvna f\f +.Via most dreaded of the rebel 'leaders, and then treacherously went over to the Imperialists. The memorialists said he did much to conciliate the Chinese and Mahomedan population, and as to his services in the rebellion, 'first and last,. he was instrumental in killing over 10,000 of the enemy, and in his^own person practi cally decided the fate of Yunnan.' The Em peror, in reply \o this memorial, issued a decree ordering the highest honors accorded to one of his rank to be given to him, including the erection of a temple in the capital of Yun nan, while the Imperial historiographer is to compile the record of his exploits. But no sooner had this decree appeared than a number of Ynnnanese serving in Pekin preferred another memorial denouncing the now sainted general in round terms. He is described as having been in his youth a loafing, good- for-nothing fellow, whom nobody in his village could abide. When the rebellion broke out he was first an Imperialist, and sold himself to the rebels. In the service of the latter he proved himself a monster of cruelty, and one case is mentioned in detail in which he caused the massacre of 40,000 persons in a captured city. He overran Yunnan, and even besieged the provinoiafcapital, when the half pressed Viceroy made terms with h'» and took him into the Imperial service as a general. He was arrogant beyond belief at this time ; ' he rode in jp yellow chair, and in all things did as he pleased.' Even after this the me morialists accuse him of treachery and- of ex posing the capital to a rebel attack in revenge for being compelled to ride in a green chair. He was like a rat with two holes ; he* was always ready to run over to the winning side, and when he was wounded he retired from the field and left others to carry on the war. His subsequent services do not, in the least atone for his atrocious crimes. Besides, those who recommended him for posthumous honors are nothing but a lot of small traders. If the honors bestowed on him are not withdrawn the memorialists fear that the tens of thousands of innocent souls whom he sent to Hades would be unable to close their eyes for indignation. They therefore ask for a revocation of the decree giving honor to the spirit of the deceased Ma. After a little delay the Emperor issued another decree, The. Emperor says the bestowal of such a high distinction as the erection of a memorial temple should only be granted where the popular feling is unanimous in its. -favor, and as praise and blame seem to be equally appor tioned in the present instance it is ordered that the previous decree so far as it relates to the temple shall be cancelled. Ma's ghost therefore loses the only one of the honors which it may be presumed to have valued, in asmuch as the record ;of Ma's doings in the flesh, which is still to be compiled, can scarcely be of much concern to his ghost ; to which, however, the votive offerings and the like at the temple would doubtless have been acceptable. 