PARLIAMENT. Friday, 11th November. LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. Tho President (Sir Arthur Palmei) >-ead m-ftxers and took the chair at 4 p ni praJ MESSAGES A message wa3 received from the Legislative Assembly transmitting the Steam Rollers Bill On the motion of Mr Bïrses the bill was read a firot time, and its second reading fixed for lue<=day A message was also received from the As embl) transmittingtheresolutionconcerning certain land grant railways On the motion of ¡Mr Byrnes the consideration of this message wa-, made au Order of the Day foi Tuesday MOTIONS Motions by Mr T J Byrnes empowering xanous Standing Committees to act during tho recess and suspending the Standing Oiders to admit of tho passing of bills througL all then staces in ono daj h THIRD RrADINGS On the motion of Mr Bxrxes the Mineial Lands (Sales) Bill and the Tedeial Council Referring Bill wero lead a third time and PaS=CHIEF JUSTICE S SALARY BILL Mr GnrroRY moved the second reading of the Chief Justice s Salary Bill In doing so he explained its piovisions and pointed out that the object of increasing the salary attached lo the office from £2500 to £3500 was to make the emolument sufficient to compensate any leading professional man foi the loss ho might sustain on being raised to that office as it xvas thought advisable that the sei vices of the most able man in the colony should be secured The samo thing had beon dono both in New South Yv ales and Victona and it x/as tho best means of insuiing the intelligent and impartial administration of the laws Mi Bvrnes said ho must confess ho xvas placed in a somewhat peculiar position in regaid to this bill not that he dissented fiom one word in the bill, oi fiom one xvoid that had fallen fiom the lion pentleman He behoved they should alxvajs try to get the best men as Judges for they had to deal with the hbeity and life of individuals He thought they should get tho very best mon without mikiiij, too great a saciific« and he did not think tho emolument should be aseicnt as that he got in tho profession In Lngland and America Judges had alwaxs been vvilhnp to submit to that saeufice He bohe\ed it was a good thing that they should mai o some sacrifice because they got a position the tenure of which was secute and it was a position of tho highest honoui Ho appioycd of tho principio of tho bill but his difli culty arose fiom the fact that the salaries of the Puisno Judgos had not been raised in hko propoition That sense of dispropoition would be ono lhat ho did not think tho*country would long submit to Iho Puisno Jndgei have exactly the same functions to perfoi m and in tho caso of an appeal fiom the decision of tho Chief Justice the comt would bo compospd of Tuisno Judges Thewoik was equally distributed between the Judges It had beon said that tho Puisne Judges took ofico at £2000 and it was y my improper that they should como at thii stage ard ask foi mme Tina was misleading as the Puisne Judges had not as] ed for an incicase of salary What thoy were entitled to waa that thmi position should not be lowered by any diEtiropoitionate inoicaso in tho salaiy of tho Chief Justice W hen they took oflice at £2000 per annum the salary o£ the Chiel Justice was Li 00 now it xxas pioposed to incienso the alary ot tho Chief Justice and leavo theus as hoy weie ihe aigument about pajment m pioportion to tho population xvas pieposteious If v o vvoio to tiko tho population of tho United States and coinpnio it with ouis tho Chief lustico boro would bo petting something lil o £20 peí annum In its alteied foim, the bill would piobably lead to the best men in tho piofession not taking tho oflico of Puisno Judges and that would be a gi eat misfoitune The Chief Commissioner for Railways received £3000 per annum, and ho (Mr Bvmei) thought that the Chief Justice, next to the Governoi, should bo the highest paid oflicial but he was confident that it woui 1 bo found necessary that there should bo no great dispioportion in tlip salanesof the Ju Iges He would not cease to endeavour to tot this great anomal} redressed (Heal hear ) Mr ritxANE saul ho did not think the bill should have como to them in the form it had ile condemned it on tho same giounds as Mr Bvrncs Ho consideied it was one of tho most offensive measuies that could have boen dovi=ed in lenard to tho Puisno Judges The bill in its piosent foim was xoiy dangelong Mi HLUbsrnnicferiod to the geneial impres sion that this hill was intended lo apply to the Cbief Secietary and was tv/ice exiled to older bj the President foi so doing Ho said it was a great pity that the old salaries were to bo disturbed Ho concluded, howovei by saying that he would voto for the bill \x Bnr>.Ti*ALL said the difliculty was to understand the bill coming before them foi consideiation No special leaton had been mentioned why they should he invited to vote upon a measure of this character It had been put before the House as an abstract meaauie He refened to tho uunours in regard to tho bill and said ho was not inclined to discuss Hie personal aspect of the question Mi Gregoiy had beon very brief and had gn en no Fpecilio leasons why tiley should voto for a hill of this kind Whilo not approving of ti e in -reaiine, of the salaues and thus piling up the burdens of the people he did not think theie bliould bo this great discrepancy between Hie salaries of the Chief Justice and of the 1 uibiie Judges Ho would volo against the hill it it wore an abstract question as to whether the salary of the Chief Justice should bo £2300 or £ h00 ppr annum but if tina pre eminent po lhon vv as to bo occupied by the man of the '"g1 est ability, then they had to consider wlmther the position as it stands holds out suflicient inducements for him tooccupj it He ^ouldvote for the second reading of the bill The bill was then read a second time passed through committee and its third reading was fixed for Tuesday lASTORiL LEASES EXTENSION BILL On the motion of Mr Bxrm-s tho House went mío committee to consider the Pastoral Leases Extension Bill and after a short dis eu« ion all the clanseä were adopted The bill *as then lead a third time and passed HARBOUR DUES BILL The House then went into committee to con Elder the Harboui Dues Bill The bill haxing leen reported without amendment it waa lead stlii'd time and passed The House adjourned at 5 55 p m till Tues dav LEGTSIATIVE ASSEAIBLY T is Shaker lead prayers and took the chair st 3 jo p m TUE AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE >'r Covvlfx m reply to Mr Plunkett said a« had no intention of xisitmg the Logan and Tert districts in connection with the selection 01 a site for the Agricultural College before making bis decision ¡»TEAM ROLLERS REGULATION BILL Ihe Steam Rollers Regulation Bill passed its " r<i reading, and was ordered to be trans B1 led to the Legislative Council HARBOUR BOARDS BILL y S W GnimiHjinrepryto Mr O Connell ad it was the intention of the Government "Uri g the recess to draft bills for those places m the colony where harbour boards could b» ttablithed The Government had hoped to °eal w"h the matter during the present ses "mi but could not do so on account of the 0 « cultv of communicating with those places J^ereated Bundaberg would be included m für CIVIL SERVICE ACT OF 18S9 *lr Iowebs moved,-"That tbe House is of y n on that the 4 per cent deduction from the alares of cnil servants under the Civil Ser . « Kct of 188!) Bhould not be continued and at the amounts already paid should be re rn£d because mpistice is done to, and great , '» suffered by, the widows and children of ?° e who die m the service who have not been "eto pay insurance premiums because of the < lections from their salaries to the fund, and 0 be<:ause the question of repealing the por Ja of the Act makiBg payment to the fund compulsory has been submitted to the civil ser- vants themselves, and they havo by a very largo majority voted in favour of the repeal." He maintained that it was undesirable that the session should close without an expression of opinion on the part of the House, and he hoped it would be of such a unanimous character that the Government would give effect to it, even at so late a period of the session. Three members of the Ministry were antagonistic to the scheme-at least, before they had joined the Ministry. In New South Wales it had been recognised that a mistake had been made, and it had been rectified. As far as ho understood the carrying of the resolution would not affect the revenue, as tbo money wa3 deposited in trust funds. Mr. Uniiack : If it can be got back. Mr. Powers said if there was a doubt about it they had better deal with it while the amount was small. At all events the fund was estab- lished on a wrong foundation, and that being the oase, the sooner it was done away with tho better. In addition to that, the board had not acted rightly. What the civil servants wanted to know was that tho system would be stopped, so that they could insure their lives. Sir S. W. GniFFiTii said ho failed to see the objeot to bo gained by discussing tho motion. There was a law on the Statute-book ; that law must be observed, and it was not proposed to alter it this session. Thero was no use in an academical discussion when members would bo aware that they would be speaking without a senso of responsibility, and well knowing that, no matter what the result of the discussion, no effect would be given to that result this session. There lind been a hill prepared some months ago-an elaborate Civil Service Bill but the Government did not seo their way to introduce it considering the important business in hand. Mr. Glassey said it would be satisfactory to oivil servants if they were mado aware of the provisions of the hill mentioned by Sir S. W. Griffith. Sir S. W. Griffith : The bill was drawn in tho alternative. Mr. Glassey : That was that the thing should not continue. Sir S.W. Griffith: The Government had not made up their minds which alternativo they should adopt. Mr. Glassey said it would bo satisfactory to know that the House approved of some modifi- cation or a complete repeal of the clause. TI1030 leaving the service beforo thoy wero en- titled to draw any of the funds thoy had paid to the Superannuation Fund received no com- pensation. Mr. Morehead said the Act had boen intro- duced on account of the improvidence of the civil servants, so as to make tho State inter- vene if the civil servant would not look after himself. Thero woro many hnporfections in tho Act, but the principle on which it was based was sound. Ho did not think that the Houso could como to a conclusion on the effectiveness or otherwise of tho Act for a year or two. Civil servants had espeoinl privileges, and lind been liberally treated by the Houso, and ho did not think they had a reasonable claim to ask that the 4 per cent should be given back to them, considering the purpose for which it was deducted from thoir salarios, and that the Aet was still on its trial. Mr. Diokson thought good service had been dono in bringing the matter beforo the House. Thore was a fooling of .soreness among civil Borvants that in many casos thoso retiring would not receive a rotiring allowance. Tho Government should undertake to supplement tho fund so as to insuro those rotiring allowances. Mr. Ukmack: Ono of the provisions under which tho Act was introduced was that there should bo no Government contributions, but that the fund should bo self- supporting. Mr. Dickson said he thought the Govern- ment would have to look the matter fairly in tho face some time, and ho thought the dis- cussion would not .bo wasted, Thore was no doubt that there was a lot of dissatisfaction among the civil servants, and that tho Act had not done what it was intended to do. Mr. Teeoo's report showed that there was some- thing to grumble about. Thoro might be a good deal of reason in waiting to see how tho scheme worked out-say until tho first quin- quennium. Attho same time, if thero was a com- pulsory deduction there should havo beon a cor- responding obligation on the part of the State to make good the rotiring allowance Mr. Barlow said his contention from tho first was that the schemo would never stand unless it received very substantial assistance from the Government. Thero was no doubt that the civil servailts had by a large majority voted against it. ' Mr. Tozer : With tho viow of making tho public pay for it. Mr. Barlow, continuing, said no doubt tho fund was a good' thing for tho old civil ser- vants, butwhen it caine to tho young ones itwas another question. At the samo time the dis- cussion must bo of an academio character; still he_jtl10UKht it would do good. He hoped tliq fund Blood intact, but ho had heard -whether it was true or not ho could not say that in order to improve the fund the moneys had been invested in properties which had Buffered from the general depression. Tim Government had dealt tenderly with the civil servants, it was true, and a great deal moro than 4 per cent might havo been taken off. The civil service would, however, never ho properly dealt with until the Civil Service Board had been swept away. Mr. Tozer strongly protested ngainst tho passage of tho resolution. Ho had never been a'Warm advocate forthc fund, but itwould be the most unwise thing they could possibly do to sweep it away without substituting some- thing in its stead. It was obsolutely necessary to make some provision for tho support of retiring servants. The Civil Service Board wero willing to assist in a soborno of retrench- ment, or in the amalgamation of the offices. Tho board were not desirous of blocking reform and wrongfully conserving the interests of the civil servants against the State. Mr. \Vatsos said the civil servants ought to be taught to protect themselves, and given to understand that the Government could not afford to keep civil servants after their retire- ment. Civil servants were perfectly satisfied with their treatmentby the present Government. Mr. Morgan said the investments could only bo met provided the Colonial Treasurer carno forward and gave assistance out of the con- solidated revenue. He felt that the Civil Service Board was very much over-manned, and he failed to see what the three members of the board, with their large staff of clerks, and a subsidiary board could find to do. Mr. M'Mastf.b said he regretted that tho matter bad not been brought up earlier in the session. The fund was in a very unsatisfactory condition, and naturally there was a great deal of dissatisfaction. Mr. Unhack said his opinions with regard to the fund had not undergone any alteration. He was sorry that Mr. Morehead had gone out of his way to condemn the fund for personal motives. Mr. Tcece's reputation, however, was so high that he could afford to let such an accusation pass unnoticed. Mr. Black : There was unconscious bias. Mr. ÜN3IACK said he did not think so. The safety-valve which Parliament had was that no pensions were to be paid until the fund had been five years in existence. From that ho maintained that Parliament could return all the investments which had been made. He was satisfied that the State must be called on to contributo to the fund, which could never be solvent without such contributions. He would be glad to see the superannuation clauses repealed and a system of life insurance put in its stead. Mr. Perkins said one-half of the civil ser- vants ought to be discharged. Brisbane appeared to be made for them. He did not think the time of the House should be occupied on their behalf. Mr. Smith Eaid there was great discontent throughout the service with regard to the superannuation clauses, and he did not see that they should be required to pay into a fund in the position of the superannuation fund. Mr. Hall said the bill proposed to be brought in bv the Government with regard to the civil service might have been introduced with more benefit to the colony than some of the questions put before the House. Mr. Gaksox supported Mr. Powers's motion. Mr. Powers said after the remarks of Sir S. W. Griffith he did not intend to presa the motion Ho thought the debate had proved the necessity foi a lepeal of tho clauses He withdrew the motion MB SAMUEL BOWE J P Mi Hall moved that the papers laid on the table of the Houso legarding tho disohargo of Mi Samuel Rowe from bis oftioo of justice of the peace ho printed Mr Howe he said had not boen told tho reasons vvhv he was dis missed [Su S W Grifhth The informa tion has been given to lum ] He was told that it was on account of his mode of life but no specific oharco had been made against him Ho had met with reverses, and had taken to politics Suroly this was no reason why ho should be dismissod from the commission of the peace Sir S W GniFFiin said Mr Hall had advanced no argument to show why the papers should be printed They had boon laid on the table of the House and could be inspected by lion members Aotion was taken because in the opinion of tho Government the piesent position and mode of life of Mr Rowe wassuoh as to render ltundesirable that hoshould continuo asa justiceof thopeaae He did not want to say anything unkind about Mr Row o or any thing that might discouiage him but Ins present mode of living and occupation disqualified him entnely foi the position of a magistrate Under the same ciroumstances any magistrate would coitainlv bo disoharged fiom the commission He lind no ostensible means of support and it might bo said that he was piaotically a mischief maker He did not earn his living in any way, and had no income furthei than what ho derived fiom weaker peisons who should havo been dependent on him instead of his being dependout on them Ah Glassfv rose to speal but the time for private members business expired MESSAGES 1ROM 1HL COUNCIL Messages vveio received from tho Legislativo Council i etui nmg the Mineral lands Bill with amendments tho Pedeial Council Bill without amendments tho Haibour Boards Bill and the Rabbits Lill The amendments in the Mineral Lands Bill wero ouleied to bo takon into con sidoration on luosday noxt THE ESTIMVTES The nouso went into Committee of Supply and lesumod consideration of the Estimates Iho item- Pacific Island Labourers rund iJ 90 in tho payments fiom Tiust and Special 1 unds vv as first taken into con sideralion Sir b W GiiiiriTH said tho mcieaBo was from JEJ209 to 1J290 lins was in con sequence of tho resumption of the island tiaflic Iho Government agents worosovui m numbei oach of whom received £300 ovoar Ho did not think that sum was too large considering tho oneious duties they had to poiform and how much the good name of the State depended on their services (Hear hear ) All tho olhceis who were acting as agents had pio viously boen in tho sei vice with the exception of Mi North That gentleman had foi a long timo boon in the (railway soi vico and it was at lus (Sir S W Gufbth s) suggestion that ho had accepted In reply to Mi O Connoll Sir S W Gnilith said ho know Govornment agents had had to return at vory short notico m iho same ships It was extremely undo suable that tho ships should choose their own agents-(hoai heal )-but in every instance ho assured himself that the previous voyage had boen satisfactoiy Ho had not thought it advisable to increase the salaries of inspeotois Mi Smyth loforrod to tho slanders which had been onculated in tho Southern and the Tnghsh papers He suggested that facilities should be given to leading journals to send ro picsentatives to the islands Su S W Gummi said gieat caro would have to be cxciciscd under such circumstances Anyone on boaid a vessel might do a gloat deal of mischief As to the slandeis which had been spread ho thought thoy wero in a fan way of boing lefuted lboro was a lady m Queensland at tho prosont time lepicsonting the London Ima After what she had to say after hei peisonal expenoneo in the colony ho had no feai of what had been cuculated Mi O CosMsi L said that Dr Paton had told lum on a visit to Bundaborg that he had boon atieeably surprised as to tho manner the îslandeis woio heated in Queenslaiill Ho could not remembei tho oj,aot date ho had been told this He thought that that was the time to mako nny oommonts on the treatment meted out to the îslandeis if ho had any com plaints to mako of that tioatment Sir S W Gi n pith said he had never heard anything fiom Dr Paton about the things ho now Baid ho had discovered m Queensland When Dr latón s recent Btatoment was made ho had mado caieful inquirios and thom was no record oi tinco of any communication boing made by Dr Paton on the subject to the authorities The voto was agreed to On item- Chief Inspector of Shoop £3192, ' Mr To?fR explained that the increased salaries to inspectois of Bheop was so arranged that inspectois of sheep would in futuio bo aoti\«ly enyigod in their work and no diseasod animal would bo allowed to travel on tho roads of the colony The negotiations now going on with M Loir would he hoped termínate in tho engagement by Queensland or jointly with tho other colonies of a scientific gentleman whom the authnntios could consult with on all matters of intcicst Mr Casia thought a portion of the vote might be used for inquirios into diseases in sheep cattle and hoises Sir S W Gi ii urn said bo would like to »co further experiments made with regard to tho extermination of rabbits by ohicken cholera and ho hopod the Government would mako some experiments on tho matter The com mission in New South Wales had condemned the idea but the result was not conclusivo to his mind The item was agreed to On item- Registrar of Brands, £3770 ' Mr Black said that the Government bad £27 000 in hand which thoy had made from pastoralists and the fullest investigation should be mado with regard to the diseases in stock The salaries voted to conserve the interests of the pastoral interests were not in proportion to the nnpoi tance of the work Mr Tozer said he had consulted those who contributed to tbe fund, and it had been agreed that suitable men at small salaries would be better than those who might bo appointed at high salarios The House bad paid £3000 in four years out of the fund for investigation into the diseases of stock Mr Crombie said the gentlemen engaged as inspectors of stock were very capable men Mr Black said there was little object in still assessing stockowners under tho Brands Act considering the amount to the credit of the fund lhere was £16 000 accumulated under the Brands Act and the annual ex penditure was only £3700 Mr To/eu said the assessment was received under an Act of Parliament The immunity of the colony from the stock diseases was accountable for the accumulation of the fund He would consult Mr Gordon as to the assess ment, and Bomo action would be taken if no objections were urged by the department The item was agreed to On item- ' Police Superannuation Fund £7259 11s 8d , Mr Gannov called attention to the peculiar position which Mr Nutting occupied He resided out of the colony and was occupying a lucrative position in Melbourne Mr Black said the amounts against the names in the list had been honestly earned, and he hoped the men would live long to enjov their pensions and spend their money wheiever they liked Mr Dickson asked questions relative to the system of granting pensions Men who were long in the service did not seem to get that promotion to which they wore entitled Mr To/eb said the promotions were made by the Governor in Council In no case had he been able to find any sign of favouritism Vf ter further discussion the item waa agreed to, as was also the item, ' £8100, Government Savings Bank On the item-" £2982, Agent General for the colony, Mr Glassey asked for information with re gard to tho rumoured appointment of Mr Black as Government lecturer at homo He also thought the vote might have been de i creased | Sir S W GniFTiTn said he had consulted with the Agent General with regard to rtduo* tions, but ho had not time to put the Agent General s suggestions into effect As it had been decided to continue immigration to a limited extent it was not oasy to see where tho vote could bo reduced Somo reductions had, however, beon made With regaid to the announcements in the Press in connection with the appointment of an hon member as a lecturer for the colony in England, ho might say the announcement was entirely piematuro [Mr Black "Hear, hear '] No ar-ango ment whatever had been mado up to tho pro sent, but he hoped one would be made shortly The Government had not come to any definite oonclu°ion as to the termä or the length of tho engagement Ho thought it would bo a vory great advantago for the colony to have an agent in England of large experience and considerable business oapaoity, not morely as an immigra tion lcctuior but also to somo extent as a speoial agent A great deal of good might bo done in England with regard to finding a market for the exports of tho colony It was one thing to produce exports and another thing to dispose of thom That was one thing tho Gox ei nniont proposed to take into oonsidoia tion in connection with any extii appointment that might bo mado The House had also affiimed tho desirableness of railway congaua tion Tho colony yvould do well by having a specially qualified representative in England to oommumcate with intending tondereis Ho hoped in a few days that an auangemont might be como to whioh xvould be satisfaotory to all concerned Mr Barton said it had been said that rings in England blooked the exports of the country and it was necessaiy to find some xvay of întroduomg the products of the colonj into England Tho gentleman mentioned was fitted to do this and ho hoped he would get a number of tho small taiméis of England to emigrate to this countij Mr Cvsia suggested that the sei vices of tho gentleman mentioned might bo utihsod to put beforo buxers in Atneuoa at the Chicago Exhi httion a knowledge of tho wool and other industries of Australia Mr Dickson thought the Goyeinmont ought to considor tho constiuotion of a Boaid of Advico m London Suoh would bo a t,ioat assistance to the colony's special agont in advoitismg the colony Tho item was earned On item- ' Defence £21,950," Su S W GuinriTii saul a considoiablo por tion of the amount was io voted Mr Gi vssrx said tho voto could bo con sideiably roduced Tbo item waa agroed to On item,-" Salaries, dredges, and diodgo plants, £915";" Sir S W Griffith Bald that at tho ond of the yeal tho harbour works conduotod bj tho Government would oeaae Ho had no doubt that tho harboui dues to bo colloctod at Bus bane and Townsville would bo sufficient to cany on dredging opeiations Ho thought that other polls would also piovido suflioiont dues to enable diedging work to be carried on Mi O CoNNEiiij complained that no piovision was made for the collection of hathorn dues at exchango ports Mi AnmiVr oppressed his suipnso at the apathy of tho Brisbane inoiohants in íolation to the forming of a harbour tiust It appeared as if thoy wanted to havo thoir haiboui kept in ordor out of the general revenue of the colony The item was agreed to, as was also the item-"£22,G20 foi harbour woiks, ' without discussion, and "£2812 foi xvatoivvoiks and water supply" On tho item-"£18 200 aitesian boring and xvatcr supply " Su S W Grii i iTii explained that tho voto was a reduction on last yoar's y otc Mi Black refcirod to tho immense advan tagos which had acorued from artesian boring, and hoped that tho Government would as soon as possiblo levert to their previous almost lavish expendituio Mi Pi nm\s expressing an opinion that the Mount Crosby works woro a huge swindle ho xvas called to order for anticipating tho next voto Mr SirvTii Bald aitesian boring had mado a now countiy of Queensland, but ho dopiecatcd tho gianting of boies foi localities in tho un mediato viomity of Brisbano lhorn waa not the shghtost ghost of a chanco of sinking aitesian water here Mi Dunbmure appreciated tho efloita which the Govornment liad put foivvaid in artoaian bonug but contended that thoy ought to go a little bit further At Muckadilla thoro waa no trougbing to the boie, and the watei could not be used bir S W Grii i iTn saul people ought not to ask too much The boio at Muckadilla had been put down at tho public expense and all that was asked was that the residents of tho dis ti ict shonld guaiantcothointeieston tho cost of the tiouglung Mr Dunsmure That has not boon known beforo lhe voto was agreed to On tho item-"£80 000, loans to looal bodios," Su S W GniFriTii said £50 000 woro to bo devoted to advances under the Local Works Loans Act of 1880, and £d0 000 to tho Brisbane Board of Waterworks The last item ho emphasised was only a loan, and the bom d paid interest Mr Dickson said ho was glad to seo thoro was to bo something loaned to local bodies Ho thought that profitable woiks would bo entered on by the local authorities, and that the expenditure would do much to relieve tho existing distress Mr O'CoNNbLi, hoped that the monov would be available Sir S W Griffith said ho was afraid nearly the wholo of it had boon bespoke. Mr Pfrkins said the Mount Crosby works had been a huge swindle-from tho pipes to the engines If it had not been for tho rain there would have been a hugo water famine in the city A huge swindle was being worked by three or four scoundrels and at tho prosent time the machinery xvas being " cookod " Tho pipes wero rotten, and the machinery was defective There waa somebody behind the fraud-Bomo pious man, he had no doubt (Laughter ) Sir S W Griffith denied that tho pipes which had been supplied to the Brisbane Board of Waterworks were defeotivo In reply to Mr Barlow he said tho Colonial Treasurer beforo he went away had left a memorandum as to how the £50,000 was to bo spent, but ho (Sir S W Griffith) had not had timo to go through it up to the present time The item was agreed to The item-"Public works, £34,900," was agreed to On item-" Bridges branch, £2500," Mr To/urt said he had deemed it advisable to carry out some promises previously made for bridges In reply to Mr Casey ho said the first item that would como under the considera tion of the Government, if they disposed of the balance of the loan, waa the bridge over the Warrego River. The item was agreed lo The committee obtained leave to sit again. ADJOURNMENT Sir S W Griffith, in moving the adjourn ment of the House, said it was hoped to finish the Estimates on Tuesday, and take tho Ap propnation Bill on Wednesday. The House adjourned at twelve minutes to 11 p in till the usual hour on Tuesday next. An old saying runs " An Englishman for a father, an Irishman for a lover, and a Scotch man for a husband " With Misa Tlorence Nightingale, however, to judge from tho tenor of a recent letter of that illustrious lady to the London Daily Telegraph it is poor Pat and no other who is (to use his own phrase) " the white headed boy " "Irishmen," says "Santa Filomena " " are more sv mpathetic, more true to their wives, and in m j opinion we should hear less of unloved and unlov ely marriages, if Englishmen showed moie sympathy and intereBt m then wives Women need more and I speak from a woman's standpoint of view -than the conventional husband who judges his wife from the caro she beR'owa upon his household and his children. We need some ¡ one we can lean upon . . Those little j attentions, those little words of love, are notlack mg in an Irishman which are bo dear to every woman's heart»" 