THE OROW* In folk. lore, the crow always appears as a bird of the most sinister obaraoter, repre senting either death, or night, or winter. The Hindoos believe, on ths other hand, that to eat a crow will proloog lif* by keeping the hair blaok and preventing it turning grey. In German Switzerland it is believed that a crow parching on the roof of a bouB© in whioh lies a corpse, Is a sign that the soul r'f the dead is irrevocably lost. In SuftBtx its cry thrioe repeated is considered a sure token of death. The Somalfs, who in habit the shores of the .Bed Ssa, wage deadly warfare against the crow, whioh, they affirm, was «reated white, but which in ah evil hour betrayed the Mding-plaoe of the Prophet by an untimely oroak. For this offence be curssd the bird of ill omen, and it beoame blaok, Binoe whioh time it has shared the fate of all oreatnres when down in their luck, and has been mercilessly hooted and peoked at and destroyed. The orow i* called by Pliny a bird of ill omened garrulity, most inauspicious at the time of inoubation or just ' affcr the summer Bolstice. , The appearanoe of a flight of or owe upon the left of their camp sufficed to cow the courage of the soldiers of old Rome, since they looked upon it as a certain eigu of defeat, as certain as when the birds bovtredover their stands. So Shakespeare's Caseins presages misfortune at Philippi^ r'-1 Ravtns, crows, and kites FJy o'er our heads, and downward look on us As we were siokly prey : these shadows seem A canopy most fatal, under whioh O sk army lies, ready to give up the ghost. The Cingalese to this day draw auguries frem the movements of these birds; the direction of their fi ght, the numbers in whioh they assemble, the tone In whioh they oroak, their choice of roosting-pleeas, all are held ominous of evil or prophetio of goodfoitaue. - There are, perhaps, few who have not heard of crows that 1 One is lucky, two is unluokv. three is health, four is wealth, five sickness, and six death ' . The nnlnokineBB of one Uviag crow is of ancient date, since the Greeks believed that if such a bird ap peared at a wedding breakfast there wouldt be a divorce, to avert whioh all roared out : ?Maiden, scare away the orow 1' But of far greater ant'quity was the belief that if the one crow were dead the evil portent also perished, sinoe, according to Horua Apollo — ' ' Hierog/ ii. 39— it signified extreme eld age, or a very long life, aooording to what Heeiod telle us, as quoted by Plutaroh'ln his * Oracles,' that the orow lives nine times as Icngasaman. The belief that two crows litre a happy omen, andthat they appear to warn men from disaster, is very anoient. Alexander the Great was thus saved In Egypt by two crows, and King Alonzo ^ouid aeeuredly have perished in 1H7 had it not been for two crows, one of whioh perohed on the prow and the -other on the stem of his ship, so pointing the prow of the royal barge. .safely into port. Crows and rooks ere very muoh alike. Itis eaidthat when rooks desert a rookery it forbodes the downfall of theiamily ou wh-se property it Is. They are also credited witb being good wealher prognostioators. When tho weather is about to be very bad they stay as near home as possible ; but when they foreknow that it will be set fair, tbey statt off in the morning right away to a distanoe, where they have an irstinot that the food they need is plentiful. Again, if the rooks are seen venturing into the streets of a town or village, it is a sore sign of an approaching snowstorm. To dream you see a orow signifies expedi tion of business ; if you hear them oroaVtng , unpleasantly while they ate fifing H ia a i sign of ill laok. If you see in your dream the orow flying ou to the head of a child, it wilTbein danger of some misfortune, — All the Tear fauna. 