What are Dreams ? Although during sleep the operations of the senses are entirely suspended so far as ordinary impressions are concerned, the purely animal functions of the body con- tinue in action. Thus the heart beats, the lungs respire, the digestive organs perform their proper offices, the skin exhales vapour, and so on. But with the brain and spinal cord the case is very different, for while some parts retain the property of receiving impres- sions or developing ideas others have their actions diminished, exalted, perverted, or altogether arrested. But though the brain as a whole is in a state of comparative torpor and mild excita- tions are not appreciated, it is not to be sup- posed that the organ is in a state of com- plete repose throughout all its parts. So far from sueh a condition existing there are very decided proofs that several faculties are ex- ercised to a degree almost equaling that reached during wakefulness, and we know that if the irritations made upon the senses be sufficiently strong the brain doeB appre- ciate them and the sleep is broken. This ability to be readily aroused through the senses constitutes one of the main differences between sleep and stupor. To this fact that the brain is not entirely quiescent during sleep the possibility of dreams is due ; but as its energy is very greatly reduced its functions are performed in a manner very different and to a degree usually very much lower than that which exists during wakefulness. We originate nothing in dreams. We may conceive of things which never existed or of which we have heard or read, but the images we make of them are either composed of elements familiar to us, or else are based upon ideal representations which we have formed in our waking moments. Thus, before the discovery of America no Europeans ever dreamed of American In- diana, for the renson that nothing existed within their knowledge which could give any idea of the appearance of such human beings. It is possible that Columbus and his companions may have dreamed of the continent of which they were in search and of its natives, but the images formed of the latter must necessarily have resembled other human beings they had seen or which they had heard described. After the dis- covery, however, it was no unusual thing for the Spaniards and others to have correct images of Indians appear to them in their dreams. Dreams, therefore, must have a founda- tion, and this ia either impressions made upon the mind at some previous period or produced during sleep by bodily sensations. These im pressions, however they may be formed, are subjected to the unrestrained influence of the imagination. At first sight it may seem that we often have dreams not excited by actual sensations and which have no relation to any event of our lives or any ideas which have passed through our minds, but thorough investiga- tion will invariably reveal the existence of an association between the dreams and some such idea or events. For instance, a few nights ago I dreamed that a gentleman, a friend of mine, had invented what he called a " dog-cart ambulance" a vehicle which he declared was the best ever made for the transportation of sick and wounded men. On awakening all the particulars were fresh in my mind, but I could not for some time per- ceive why I had had such a dream. At last I recollected that the norning before a gea tleuiiiu hnri giveu me a very full description of Prospect Park, in Brooklyn. The friend of whom I dreamed bax charge, of the construc- tion of this park. His presence was, there- fore, fully explained, and as dogcarts are driven in parks, this link waa als ) accounted for The ambulance part wits due to the fact that I had that same morning found the card of a gentleman upon my table who really had invented an ambulance. The imagination had, therefore, taken these data supplied hy- the memory, and had combined them into the' incongruous web constituting my dream. The dependence of dreams upon idea» which we bave when awake was well known to the ancients, and is referred to by several of their most distinguished writers. Thus Lucretius declares that dnring sleep we are «mused by things which have made us weep when awake ; that circumstances which have pleased na are recalled to our miada; that objecta are presented to us which occupied our thoughts long before, and that recent events appear atill more vividly before us, It is related of an ancient tyrant that one of his courtiers described to him a dream in which the courtier had assassinated his maBter. "You could not," exclaimed the tyrant, " have dreamed this without having previously thought of it," and thon ordered his immediate execution. There ÍB no idea of time in dreams, and thus éventa that if really occurring would require Beveral hours or even yeara for the com oletion, really occupy only a second or two of. time in the dream. Thus : I dreamed that I had taken passage in a steamboat from St. Louis to New Orleans. Among the passengers was a man who had all the appearance of being very ill with consumption. He looked more like a ghost than a living being, and moved noiselessly among the passengers, noticing no one,, though attracting the attention of all. For several days nothing waa said between him and any one, till one morning, as we ap- proached Baton Rouge, he came to where I was sitting on the guarda and began a con I versation by asking me what time it was. I took out my watch, when he instantly took it from my hand and opened it, "I, too, once had a watch," he said, " but see what I am now." With these words he threw aside the large doak he habitually wore, and I saw that his ribs were entirely bare of skin and flesh. He then took my watch, and, inserting it between his ribs, said it would make a very good heart. Continuing his conversation he told me that he had resolved to blow up the vessel the next day, but that as I had been the means of supplying bim with a heart he would save my life. " When you hear the whistle blow," he said, "jump overboard, for in an instant afterward the boat will be in atoms." I thanked him, and he left me. All that day and the next I endeavoured to acquaint my fellow passengers with the fate in store for them, but discovered that I had lost the faculty of speech. I tried to write, but found that my hands were paralyzed. In fact, I could adopt no means to warn them. While I was making these ineffectual efforts ? I heard the whistle of the engine ; I rushed to the side of the boat to plunge overboard and awoke. The whistle of a steam saw-mill near my house had just begun to sound and had awakened me. My whole dream had been excited by it, and could not have occu- pied'more than a few seconds. This Bhows how dreams may be excited by impressions made upon the senses. The following instance is an interesting casd in point : Several years ago I had an attack of erysipelas of the head and face. It waa slight, the pain was not severe, but it was sufficient to give rise to the folio wing dream : I dreamed that I was taking a cold bath, and that while thus engaged a Turk, armed with a pair of long pincers, came into the room and began to pull the hair out of my head. I remonstrated, but was unable to offer any material resistance, for the reason that the water in which I was lying suddenly froze, leaving me embedded in a solid cake of ice. In order to facilitate his operations, the Turk sponged my head with boiling water and < then, finding the use of the pincers rather slow work, shaved the hair off with a red-hot razor. He then rubbed an ointment on the naked scalp, composed of sulphur, phosphorus, and turpentine, to which be immediately applied fire. Taking me in his arms he rushed down- stairs into the street, lighting his way with the flame from my burning head. He had net gone far before he fell down in a fit, and in his struggles gave me a severe blow between the eyes, which instantly deprived me of sight. When I awoke in the morning I had a dis- tinct recollection of this dream. The inci- dents were in part due to the fact that I had, two or three days previously, been reading an account of the insanity of Mohammed and of his being subject to attacks of epilepsy. Thus we see that dreams originate in cir- cumstances and events which are outside of our bodies, and that they are either exaggera- tions or distortions of thoughts that have occurred to us during the day, or are directly excited by impressions made upon our special senses. 