Yesterday the Bngiish post brought me guess' what t An anonymous letter, written in an unknown, «»d manifestly disguised hand, infoinuag M fcbiit my husband is csrrMig 4m m titeiguc wibfa Mw, St. George -that tall, stoat woman with reddish hair, and * deservedly bad reputation. Yon j must know her : one meet? her everywhere. I am jealoas, yeu well know, but-1 believe this person to be dangerous. Somehow, ail the men admire her, but I think her absolutely horrible. I am inforjned that she was - intimate with GeeiTgebefare^ow Marriage, and that now the intianacy as mbum*. What to do i know not, bvfc I feel persuaded that you will ad*ise a* wisely and watt. You are so clever.' At tbis faae all London is about, and one meete everyone. You ate oerbai* to aeebtm aadpevhaps Iter also. - Watch, j observe, and Ml me wbafc you^-see. My dearest Grace, rsmenriker your friend is, \- tottanl with cmel <id«a»te, wMcb she , desires to-dupel, that uncertainty is Stilting , bar, aod tiM**® prKfens fcbe taxfli-at all cogfc, tfltM miigh it may be. Reply at ^ once-watch closely. Think of me, dearest Gnct^lor yeu, my mother, and my child < are-all I have in the world to love.-Yours" for ever, IDA. ... Gkack Rmrp.t. to Ida Sunrotra. 1008, Hslf-Mocm-«tn»ot, Piccadilly. 4th June. - Youare mad, my poor friend, absolutely stark, etaring3aaitl! Take beart, and be reasonable. Yon -bave receivedan anony mous letter from «nu spiteful, jealous woman ;-for socb epistles always come from womoa. An anonymous letter ! Whoever ? pays tieslightestattentionto sucha thing;? Bara iti suait! If yon only knew how many 1 received in the IMefcimeof Mr. Russell -4>nt Inever took the least heed of them. , Nevert&elesa; tttp sometimes spoke tbe troth-but p«M» to bis 'memory. As you hare often observed, I aa happily indepen dent and still yonag-wif 32 « few days ago. Yon ace by five yean my junior. Follow my example tort worry yourself away with livable. But, to reta'rn to your letter-weU^it-weuId jive me the greatest satisfaction todeatiw it, and think no more of it Yoo Imwhand who loves yon, of this I bave no doabt. You are a happy woman to be so loved. Yoor husband is wealthy and generous-you bave a lovely child ; in faet you possess «»eryfcfaing a woman ; roald desire, fiat you are jealous. Do not j. leeeive jroarsdf. 11 £*en whiiWiny tto there is some truth In ttw latUn, is it fcotbetter that you should doe* year eymtoi/b'! 1 can see yeu jump off jim .alrim jwi read these words. My dear, I 1MM had son experience ml the Mrfd fhn 700. . IfclwMiwtMwjiBg -the lut that I had little depth of ?ffeirtinii for my late husband, I ?aflwwd in I was deceived. It vreondadvy-amour prapra. What can we ~ pwr vonta do in snob a case 1 Hold our taMBM, tha^ie all. You complain that Mrs. fteTliMi|| and that her repu tuSn is faulty. Well, n much the better, Sari am pknwM that your husband is pan a* heart, and if he have any stupid fancy (tr tUa woman, it is only a passing one. New surely you see clearly there is no seriow c&use; for anxiety. As to myself, it is hardly necessary to assure you that there is nothing I would not «!. for you ; and if yon insist, although it is repugnant to me to tbe part of a spy, I will do what yes wish. But yea will not insist, I feel cer tain.-Your old and sensible friend, . Gk&oz.; " und- I IDA Seyhock to GEACE RUSSELL. . _ Nice, 6th June. Certainly I insist, and that notwithstand log your advice. ! Be frank with me at once; and if I ask too much in expecting this service from you, I ! must fee released frem *his state of uncer- t tainty. 1 must know all. I believed that I ! could havo counted on you, as you could on die in a similar circumstance. To me it appears that true friendship has no scruples, **>£ never hesitates to render a service to a lovcdone. Bub perhaps I am wrong: your reply will provethis.-With fondest love, IDA. ITrras GKACK RUSSELL to IDA SEYMODR. London, 12th June. . Your letter wounded me deeply, Ida. You believed that my friendship faltered, when it was my reason which hesitated. 3nt, «nc( yon persist, notwithstanding: all I have said to dusnade yon, and once yon cuestion my afFectien for you, I no longer foitata. You amcmnt on me-I have sharp eyes, and will de all that is passible to find «ut whether your fears have any foundation. lf#* ve understamLone another. I thought «f youonly; and If anything disagreeable happens, you will have no right to reproach ta5. Comewhat may,believa always in the friendship and affection of your faithful and devoted friend, GRACE. 'P.S.-^On Thursday night Mrs. Leslie recaives. Yonr husband is pretty certain to fas there, and perhaps the lady also. I know .begoes there frequently. I shall be there. IrA Sstuoob to GKACX RUSSELL. Nice, 15th June. ' Thanks - my darling Grace, thanks, pardon tae. I was, indeed, hasty and unjust; but I was suffering horribly. You »good-^m?rffecfcionate-I am sure yon ^ during the .past few days ! Yes, you are right ; I am jealous. For a long time past I believed fee _ you pr» ! Now that y»u have todowhat I wish, I fed almost CEbamod ofmy request. Bat, be assured, whatever comes, and no matter what ycu tnay CMmunicate to me I shall not beangry \- with you. To da so would be nothing more srwi tbD infamous. £.; we chall be fasterf riends than ever. I' Half-pasfctoii. " Now,' ym mask bo it J Mrs. Xeclie's. surely ! What will you dife | covert -Merciful powers, howl trembled ; Tbcnks, again aud again, my darling Grace. \- -Yonr-true friend, IDA. (Telegram.] To Ida Seymour.-The person not at Leslic'slast night. George alone. Spoke io bim. ' Tried'.*© get something from him. Iinpenetrkbla. Hope nothing true. Love. Gkack.' XTelegfam.] TO G*ACK RUSSELL.-Thanks for message. 5oiitinu 3 yoar observations. Send news by telegram. More rapid. Write only to give particulars. Fondest love.-IdaJ [Telegram:] To Ica^ Sevnobr.-Nothing new. To-day kt private^view Wat^- Saw her. George not there: -Goinj; ^..,.^-morrow. GEACE. [Telegram.] .To Ida Srymobr.-At Academy. Saw "Jjv;rc., but net the person.-GKACE. TniT. y tTelegrairi.] k Garden party at Rich t^ttcrfolloS^";1^^'heperson together. GfuS&B;^L to In* Seymour. "» , . . - 17th June. Only two WOM8 teipMirHj and explain ^he telrjp-am 1 sent you '-ten imiDutc.- a --o. -.es, I.hav* ?pra- Ueocire i*nd : Mrs. St. <leoi£* ".'together. Very ' i chi sir.; : tiros.-Alljoyluve; *nd; believe e^Vevec . 1 y*a*Bi©i.Snwkn t* Gbac* RusstiKu. '' i ;;. ..". . ...: -'^ ..'... SRse, 29thdam. . ] 196 n^WdJaiwMged, my dearest, dearest f Grice. I do rwt believie the meeting at f Richmond was aorfdeataL George has always objected to accompany me to 1 garden parities-said they bored him ] insfffsfcly. Gpntinue your mission courage ously, and teil me alt-eren though it : should break my heart, I must know; alL ' Oh, that odious woman St. George ! Bow 11 hate her ! And my husband-well, if my j i doubt* are justified, I shall hate him <al60j j and 1 wiH never, never pardon him.-I'flend you fondest love. Ida. [Telegram.] I To IDA Skymoub.-Met both at) private] i view British Artists. Have bad news. Bon't be too anxious. Nething positive, nothing, really *erious, only certain symptoms. Letter follows.-GRACE. : Giucx Rc6SELt to IDA SrrMOtm. London, 24th June. My poor darling Ida, I havejust returned from the prirate view of British Artists. The exhibition is a remarkable one , this year, and i was lostin admiration of a lovely efcadyofabead, when your husband,acfcem panied by the lady in question, passed in 'Irani of me obstructing my view j he looking as elegant as uscfal, she simply dressed and wearing a yello w bonnet! Sow the worn an adores yellow ! - The moment your busbaad saw me he left her and came t>o epeak to me. He was most gracious, and not in the least put out. He gave me news of you, and complained of tfie scarcity of your letters, and told me that in.his next he would tell you,he lad seen me. It was comical, and I could have laughed had I not thought of your present state of anxiety. Meanwhile, the lady pretended to be inter ested in the pictures. Two or three times, however, she glanced furtively at me. George said good-bye, and off they went together. I seated myself, and watched them as they passed round the room; but At | length, fearing I might arouse suspicion; I thought it prudent to go, bat wished above all tilings to see their parting. There is so much in the way people greet one another and say farewell, especially the ItUUr. I left tbe place, and turned into a ball door in Suffolk-street, next to the Gallery. Right in front of me stood a brougham, which, from the somewhat unbidy appear ance of the servants, I judged to belong to Mrs. St. George. I bad not long to wait They both came out, your husband accompanying the lady be her carriage. The footman opened tbe door, closed it, and moved away. 0 j Up to this point, you see, there was noth- j ing to find fault with. But whilst the foot- ! | man went behind the carriage to get to his i placB on the box, Mrs. St. George said a few ; words rapidly : " To-morrow ni"ht I Lyceum-Box A." At the same instant the ' coachman whipped up the horses and drove j away. Your husband looked after it for a second.or eo, lighted a cigarette, and went ;«ff in the direction of Piccadilly;and I drove to my dressmaker in Bond-street. Here, nay darling Ida, is what happened. I assure yon it grieves me intensely to tell yon all wis, but 1 must remind you that you wished it. This is now the critical moment; yon still have time to reflect. Will you stop'here, or do you wish me to go bo the Lyceum oft Thursday? Reply by telegram as soon as you receive this, and I will obey.- With fond love, ever your dovoted GRACE. [Telegram.] To GRACK RUSSELL.- Go to Lyceum. If you do not, I will never forgive you.-IDA, GBACE RUSSKLL to IDA SEYMOUR. London, 26tb June, 3 o'clock a_m. Courage, Ida dearest; I am obliged to do that which is cruel. j I was at the Lyceum to-night, u you ! wished, in the back of a box facing Box A. I arrived as the curtain rose; and just as the ghost of Fabian appeared to his brother, Mrs. George entered the. box, followed by ; your husband. j She seated herself at the front, shading herself with an enormous fan. He seated i himself behind Her. There was no one else t in the box. The play over they rose to go i I lost them in tbe crowd, of course ; but ! S was not to be beaten, se I popped into a ; hansom and drove to her house, just to ECB , if he would accompany her borne.. To my ! great relief she was alone; and I was just! about to give ordere to the driver to take ] me home, when another hansom stopped a't her door, and from it George emerged, -and entered that fatal house. Hoping he would come out every moment, I remained on tbe watch until two this morning; but when I left he was still-there. I Now, I have accomplished the mission ; ?which you entrusted to me faithfully. It | has turned out badly, but I de not complain if I have given you a new proof of the deep affection I have for you. GRACE. IDA SEYMOUR to GRACE RUSSELL. Nice, 30th Jane. Thanks, my dearest; oh, thanks! You bare indeed proved, your friendship. I will J never forgive him-a man whom I adored whom I married in opposition to the wishes ' . of all my relations^ to whom I gave my j whole life. . . The horrible wretch ! I telegraphed to him to come to Nice instantly, 1 without saying why. When he arrives I will tell him all (without compromising you, : however, my dearest Grace). I will fling my reproaches in his face. Whatever may be his reply, I have decided ou my course. . There can never again be anything in common between this man and me. . If the law be insufficient < t»' protect me, I-know how to ceparat* myself for ever from such ' m hateful being. As for you, my darling j 1 friend, I never can be sufficiently grateful. > Yen are the best, the most noble of women, me, and lore me as I love you. IDA. GBACB RCSSKLL to IDA SETUOTTR. London, 11th August. Far eight days, dearest, not a line from yoti. I am most anxious. What has . happened ? Your husband left suddenly .for Nwe they informed me at your house when I called to-day to make inquiries. " Sum moned by a telegram," they said.' 'Yours of oourse. How did the. painful scene end? What is your decision? How are you? Send me a telegram or letter immediately. I picture you ill and heartbroken, unable to write. Send me a line, oneline for Heaven's sake to relieve my mind.- With most affec tionate wishes, always your GRACE. IDA SEYMOOB to GRACE RUSSELL. Nice, 18th August. My Dear Grace,-Your letter crossed one from me-that is to say, one I was about to write to you ; but I have been so occupied with a thousand and one things that 1 really have not had time to write sooner. Thank you for your solicitude for me and my health. It is, however, quite unneces sary, for all my troubles have disappeared. Does thisanaze you ? StraBgethings happen in life, my dear, and suspicions, which often seem serious, are frequently unfounded. To adopt your pleasing expression, the "scene" between George and me took place immediately on his arrival, but it finished very differently to the way in which I, and more particularly you, imagined. My bus band proved to me, dear as daylight, that . there was nothing, ? absolutely nothing,. between bun and Mrs.. St. George. He cer-, 1 tainlvhad an appointment with her At the { British Artists and at the theatre. You J were perfectly correct, foutafcthelatterplaee {there was a third person in the box. You j I did not see that. He also went to her house ' after the theatre, but be did net stay as leng as you ini.ijir.cd, for half an- hour :after . yoii saw ~ him enter, he left by the. '? aoor leading frem tbe Mliard-eeeto est «f M WifaS&ISSbtt; is bad reshfe »1s reportwito 'feaj^wawflttdujonKers, And.no intimacy ever ./existed in the jjast ' between her jrod Ccorjre, 1 stupidly believed, Ueorge -was induced to act as intermediary between fhe lawyers! Tand to look Id Mrs. St. George's interests and he5 mxde an appointment with her that night at this L^ceam as she wished him to.«peak M *xhird pereon, Aiid to announce, to aim th^S^ ^at llie match : was broken off. Ofconr» thiswae no ^ult of his. All this explains itself,andtheteriible "scene " finished in the best, possible^ t^ay. George scolded me a little for my insensate suspicions, but hae pardoned me so generously, so tenderly, that all my former contented state of mind is restored. ? j As to the anonymous letter, he believes that it mis written by a. discharged servant of Mrs. St. George. _ i Now permit, me to speak frankly concern inj your action in this matter. You should net have allowed me to go bo far in this ridiculous campaign. You will reply that you tried to prevent me; I admit .this, bub did jou do so with a necessary force of persuasion ? In short, did you not feel a certain pleasure-^perhaps unconsciously-to see a cloud pass over our felicity, of which you -were always a little jealous. But 1 bear you no ill-feeling. You were unhappy in your own marriage, and, perhaps, felt a certain bitterness. But had you been the true friend I believed you to be* you would have overcome. this unworthy feeling, and,; at any cost, have refused energetically to play the humiliating part which 1, when almost out of my senses, begged of you to accept. Yes, you should have refused; that is what a true friend would -have done, and you did not do it. It appears to me that you took a certain pleasure in following the two poor things, and that in your love of the romantic -you desired to find them guilty. I must step, for £ might say too much if I continued. IDA. {ExCracl from Hu Privais Journal of Ge-ACB RUSSELL.] To-day I received a most detestable and unjustifiable letter from Ida Seymour. Behold me now at variance with her for ever; and I worked for her so con scientiously and'so loyally. I, who played a part which was most repugnant to me only to please her. I should have remembered the old Italian proverb, " Fra moglie e marilo turn nuliere il dito. [Extract from the Private Journal of IDA. SEYMOUR.] Has George told roe the truth concerning the projected marriage of a certain lady? Be that as it may, I did rigbt. to bolieve it. Well, when he is by my side, speaking to me with that soft, rich voice of his, looking at me with those eyes I so dearly love, all my anger dies, and I am all bis. As to Grace-I have, in reality, nothing to reproach her with. Nevertheless, I wrote her such a letter! It was her own fault; she should never have believed that George was unfaithful to me.- Vanity Fair. A TRUTH DEMONSTRATED. I bold it to be a truth constantly self evident that every man will defend a woman against all men but himself. Clap your eye's on a pretty woman without male escort), and two phenomena will become obvious. Firstly, there will be a Urge amount of open and covert staring at her, to all of which her obliviousness is, of course, only assumed. Secondly, if one of the starers happens to realise that others are at the same game, he will manifest plainly his disgust at such treat ment of unprotected beauty, utterly ignor ing his own offence. A husband and wife gat into a street oar. The man was some what dandified in dress. The Woman was under 20. and as pretty as nature -and art are in the habit of combining to produce. They were chatting on the rery subject chafe I have here introduced. " Percival, dear," said she, " I will prore to you that I am right, and take only ten minutes to do it, if you'll promise not to get snury about it." lie closed the contract. Then she drew herself up, as though the husband Bitting j beside her was an entire stranger, and j waited for the car to fill with passengers. ! " Now," she whispered behind her fan, j " observe how I am ogled when alone." |.. W[itb^^ve |^utg ie ;jBa,w^that_half-j|. to callow less audacity, and sereral manifestly would not have needed the smallest beginning of s wink on her part to seize upon her then , and there. That part of the exhibition was a triumph for the wife, but the most carious feature of her experiment remained to be tried. " Yon certainly dp seem to attract a good deal of admiration," said the "husband, sap posing that the pretended strangeness was at an end. She lifted her eyes in simulated surprise, as though an impertinent fellow had unwar rantably accosted her, and pointedly turned liar face a-way from him. He understood ' her sow, and did not speak to her further. . Next, she drew her shoulder away from contact with his. By this time the spec 1 tators were believing tha't he was annoying her dreadfully, and scornful glances were : aimed at him. A man arose from the oppo ' site side. j .' Will you exchange seats with me ?" . he very gallantly and politely said, lifting his hat most deferentially. Now, he had been fermest among the original oglers-the veriest simpleton of them all. j " Thank yon, sir," she answered, '* but i I prefer to sit beside my husband." Thus with the same stone she killed that vulture bird and dove mate whom she had undertaken to instruct M . to the philosophy male gallantry. ALL GONE. He talked about divinity, and pondered on infinity, And spoke of base humanity as anitaalcnlas, Be studied up astronomy, the science of autonomy, And wondered if insanity was common to the flea. He plunged into zootomy and wandered through phlebotomy, And read for weekson history from Adam j down'to date. He lectured on theogony, and dwelb upon ! cosmogony, _ i And sounded deep the mystery attending' human fate. He showed extreme anxiety foe late and early piety. And spoke with great felicity of higher states than this. He lectured quite dramatically to show htsw syttematically The force of electricity was centred in a kiss. But while with such intensity he spouted on immensity, His wife with sweet devexite was cutting quite a dash ; And with such ingenuity she monkeyed bis annuity, j He'd found to his perplexity she' dressed' away his cash. "The man I wed must be handsome, brave and noble; he must have no bad habits, and '.must love medevotedly." I " But, my dear, that is impossible, you; know, quite impossible." . ""Why?" " There is only one sttch man in all the -! wide world, and he is go»g to marry me," j 