THE PROBLEM OF THE POOR SUGGESTED REMEDIES. At the Pitt-street Congregational Church last evening the Rev. W. Scott preached the second of a scries of fortnightly sermons on "Social Problems in the Light of Jesus Christ. The subject was " The Problem 01 the Poor — Suggested Remedies." No par ticular text was taken, but tho preacher based his remarks principally on the words of Christ to tho diciplcs of John, "And the poor have- the Gospel preached to them.' In a popular and much-read book, published 10 years ago, entitled " John lugiesant," he said, the following passage occurred : — "Nothing but the infinite pity is sufficient for the infinite pathos of human life." That seemed to him to contain the pith of all the true remedies of the problem of the poor. The infinite love of God was alone sufficient for the infinite pathos of human life. Nothing but the Gospel of infinite love could meet the problem of human life. Whilst seekiug io look at other suggested remedies lie did not abate 011c jot of the claim he uiade for the Gospel of Christ. The problem of poverty was many-sided and very complex. The more deep and full the knowledge of it the nearer they became to heart-breaking. When they saw poverty in its ever-increasing volume and heard the cries of distress, their hearts would break but for the gospel of Christ. He wished them to think of the wreckage of city life. In London it was said that every eleventh person they met was in some sense a pauper. But what was worse was the meeting of human wrecks darkly drifting, their rags tho index of a forlorn spirit, their bloated face, their shifting look and shuflliug gait all telling of their sorrow and their misery. The man of wealth, the merchant prince, the self- satisfied men and women passed them by and shunned tliem. There was 110 thought of brotherhood with them. They passed along to enjoy their fortunes, and never thought for a moment of these ghosts of misery. But here in this free laud of glorious sunshine that should be free from tho wreckage of the old land, it seemed a scandal to say such things existed. But all tho degradation, misery, and sin they found in the provincial towns at home was to be found ncrc. There were homes in Sydney — God save the mark — as immoral and polluted as thoso in London, homes in which one family occupied one room, and he had it on the highest testimony that incest was common in Sydney. Young life had 110 charms in such slums and dens as they had in Sydney. "Was there 110 remedy for the children ? Could they not bo taken lrom the hells— -the so- called homes? The schoolship system was an excellent oue, far better than sending lads into the crime polluted atmosphere of their gaols. Could not their legislators be compelled to cease their "wordy wars or faction fights" and turn their attention to some means of saving the young life of this city and of compelling the landlords to build such 'houses as would render it impossible to house the poor so hor ribly as to make the land reek with infamy, crowd the ranks of larrikin scoundrels and lead to young girls living iu open sin? Another aspect of the question was the master curse of drink. Let them remember that that curse was licensed — licensed to create crime and poverty, licensed to create drunkards. Surely there must be some means of checking that master fiend of national degradation. He would cite one. Thirty ycais ago Sweden was a drunken nation, having the same abject poverty, the same crime and the same degradation as always followed such a curse. But a simple change in the licensing laws transformed Sweden into a prosperous aud clean nation. That change wa9 the putting of the sale of drink in the liauds of people not interested in its sale and utilising whatever profits were made in public im provements. Other remedies abounded. There was General Booth's scheme, and he wished it success. General Booth recognised that there could be no permanent benefit which touched not the soul of the poor. A change of circumstances would do much for a man, but to confer lasting benefit his heart must be changed and become filled with the Gospel of Jesus Christ. The one Gospel, aud that alone, was a sure remedy. I11 all this trouble and poverty there were redeeming features, stray prophecies of a complete ana possible redemption. The poor were kinder to each other than the rich, they were bound by stronger tics of sympathy ; their hearts responded more readily to generous impulses. They hud greater opportunities of helping each other, and there were no barriers of pride between them. What was the fate of 011c to-dav might be the fate of another to morrow. In their sympathy they made com mon cause against a common enemy. But after all the Gospel was the best remedy, for it inspired their hearts and led to their using whatever means they could employ to benefit the poor. All that they had was not theirs, but God's, and they must use it in His work. The Gospel of Christ was the hope of tiie poor and the spring of all proper charity. By tiiis Gospel chaos might bo changed to order, for in the Gospel was the hope 01 their society. __ _______ 