The Doctors ;Shook Their Heads. "I would give a million dollrs for a stomach," said a wealthy Amencan recently, now, a million dollars, (e200,000) is a deal of money, but he was noc able to buy the article even at that price. iMr. Thomas Gaskin, of No. 3, Poplar Eow, Darley Abbey, near Derby, is not so richas many, being a gardener, but he was ready enonghto give all he had for one thing he hadnt got. Here is his story, and he shall tell iin his own way, Mr. Gaskin goes on to say: U' iUtoelghtyeas ago I had never lost an houis work through sickness. In December. 1882, whilst living at Beeston, near Notting. ham, my appetite fell. away, I had dreadful pain after eating, a bad taste in my month, which would fill with water and slime, the latter so sticky that I often had to remove it with my fingers. My cheat.used to "fill up " and my throat would swell so I could'nt button my shirt at the neck. I vomited a great deal, chiey t yellowish.green phlegm. I had a ri?king cough, and would cough and strain till I bled atthe nose, and the blood rashed out of my ears. I became exhausted and short of breath and had to call the doctor, and was in bed five or six weeks. "I then went as out-pntlent to the Notting. ham Hospital, and after attending there for sil months was very little better. I got so thin that I was like a ghost walking about, and my friends said it was all up with me. For eighteen months I kept getting better, then worse, and at last the doctors recommended me ttry a change of air. So 1 came to Darley Abbey?nd my former mastergave me an in door recommeiidati,?~ toh the Derbyhire in. firmat; Daby. I found,. however, that all the bed in the.hoepital were full, and I saw.my club ductir and also two dottursat Derby. The first nag iaid,' You are is a yellogpisy cassmp. ies, asd uat d e; the other doctors, after soundin my lung and chest, said aofiay, bat : Getting ?trife better my:old' master al. lowed me to do what little I could in his gar. dens and grounds; and some days 1 worked a littlek ld thn'would be awayfor a few ays Things went on like this until December,1888 when I osught cold, got very short of breath, and broke down completely. _.I was always, Scoghing and spitting up phlegm, sometimes arumnclr as a teacupful asonce, ad woo afraid fo go to sfepfurrfear aepAlegm Would eloke m. At this time the whites of my eyes turned y. low; and my eyeswere bloodshot. 'My ips and mouth were dry and parched and I often broke out into'a clammy sweat. My tongne'was like apiece. of.brown leather, and I could keep nothingdown. I lost over a stone weight in three weeks. ` . I anged to get up for a few hoads at a time, bt was so weak I had to take hold of the frniturite to move a few yara.s I was always tired an .weary, and sitting or lying,. was never at ease and got no real rest. Too weak to read I often sat for hours looking at my hands n.othig but skin and bone, and was so net. vousi couldn't bear the least noise, and he children at play quite upset me. -'The do:tor kept on attending me, but he lI can do so good; 1 cas oaly ptc yosn geoe your Iigs are diseased I then gave over taking his medicine ad ,tried everthing I could hear of. One ,thing was a cough cure from oadon that cost 22s a bottle. But noth. ing did any good, and my friends who came to see me said,' .Well, ys r?ot? coswg cr loA er, Sjeos:laM erel3 fP preparefor another world,' "._About the middle of March, 1889, a neigh. boaernamed Joseph Tatham, who works in the paper'mills at Darley Abbey, said to me, 'ITob, did yjoes r try Mother Seiges SyrGpl?' and told me-how he had been cured after being in i4Uhaptal." Hie spoke s much in praiseof tumelici? e I slut my wife to Derby and got a bottleat.Mlr..Smith'Stores in Victoria street. After -the"fist dose I had an! evacuation blaek a ink, and vomited. Then I fell asleep and feolt rested when I awoke. After taking the medicine for three days my breathing got esiser, my food kept down, and ina few days more I was able to go out for a short walk. By the endofa fortnight I went to ee my master, who asked what had wrought the improvement. and I told him, as I tell every one, that 3Mother e .gel's Syrup had saved my life. I commenced work at once, and have never lort a day's work }inoe, Of course my strength did not rcturn 1aU at once, but after taking Seigel's Syrup for siaMstz a I was as strong as ever in my life and have continued so ever since." In giving his consent to the publication of this remarkable statement, Mr, Gaskin requests us to refer all doubters to him or Mr. Keetley, :Red; Gardene:, Darley Abbey, who is ac. quainted with all the facts alleged. Mlr. Gas. kin has lived at Darley Abbey 22 years and beam an excellent reputation, Now, what was the complaint from which he suffered r o4t paop;ag croeumption, rertainh (cat da of the doctors thoskf), or Ahe ouli hare oalloped info his grace is leis tans Wre mosath, i ?tead of growing worse for s-ven years. Ilis complaint was chronic inflammatory dyspepsia (or chronic gastric catarrh). which his uIng symptoms ikt. consumption, for which it is so often ignorantly mistaken and wrongly treaced. When the right remnedy, lothcr Sci 'I'l Syrp, wasused the tisease yielded, ns all iaiess of the digestice tract do yield to ti?at ma:oniticcnt prepar.ation. We h?E-art!y cv;grstunte M1r. Gastom on his revery. an.d bo,?.mnnl t!.e facts of his case to all thinking people. 