SOME STRANGE STORIES. | The Poors of visions nnd. tho dronmoia of jdceums arc once more in appalling force to AUo fora, It must have been the recent In* I •teruiuionHl Congress ot tho Society for Pay*1 | johioal ReBenroh which has inspired thorn1 , iftuow. Tho papers und periodiotls all j ‘have thoir ; “"consignments” of ghofltH, i [clairvoyants a’ed somnambulists •; mid u; ; diligont narrator and compiler kiiaicDi) taken' .ft timely hint and published—-to'judge by' ;tho u get-up” with an ^yo to tho literature of tho. traveller and tourist—a hook on the samo absorbing subjects* Part of its titlo in “ Day Visions and Clalrvcyaut Kdght ;Droams,Mand its author is Mr Josoph Darby, ’whose name is familiar to hypuotizec3 and' other persons of hypnotic tendencies. . S.OKD TlfYNYSOX’s WAKING TRANCII. I A'friend having coininuuicutcd to the Poeti ; Laureato oortaiu htmugo feelings and montsli ^conditions ho had experienced whou passing' j1 from under tho iufluenoo of aniesthctios, tho' poot replied:— • I have nover had any revolutions through (uuusthotioB; but a kind of waking trance .(this for lack of a better name) 11mvo fro quently had, quite uprfrom boyhood, wbon I liavo boon all ?m1odq. This has oftou come upon mo through ropeating my own name to myself silently;, till, all at once, as it wen?,* I out of tho ratonsity of tho consoious* ness of individuality tho individuality itself seemod to dissolvo and fade away into ’boundless being, auu this not a confused state, but the clearest of tho clearest, tho surost of tho surest, utterly beyond words, whore death was an almost; lauglmbloirupossibility, the Iobs of personality (if so it wore) scorning no extinction, but tho; ouly true life. Iam ashamed of my feebio’ description. Have I not said the atuto is utterly beyond*words? UOKTHK AND 1US GHOST. I Tho next authority giving evidonco for tho I case of day visions is uouo ntbor than Goethe, : who has told tho following story:— I saw—not'with the oves of tho body, but with those of tho mind—my own tignro coming towards ino on horsebnok, in tliu samo road, attired in a dress I had nover worn. Eight years aftor I found my self in tho samo rand to pny ono moro visit to Fredoriea, and I was then in (ho samo dross 1 had dreamed of. A GHOSTLY SWEDE. Swedenborgiuns will bo glad to add the fol lowing interesting itom to their store of facts concerning tho founder of thoir soot :— A rospootablo man in Stockholm bought an CBtateof another, paid for it, and received an acknowledgment. The purolmsor died soon after, and not long afterwards tho seller demanded payment of the widow, throateniag j that non-oompliunoo would cause him to ro* tako possession again. The widow was terrified, for sho knew hor husband had paid, but aftor making a most minuto searoh sho was unablo to find proof auywhore. As the deceased had been on kindly terms with the Russian Ambassador she had recourse to him, who, being well aware what assistance Swedenborg had nfforded in snob eases, pro* mised tho widow that ho would talk over her caso with him. Some days after Swedenborg oamo t<> tho Ambassador and bade him toll tho widow that on a cortaiu night her hus band would appear to hor and givo direct information whuro tho receipt was seoroted. This was awful to contemplate, but, as impending ruin stured her in tho. face, she determined to sit up on the night in question, keeping hor maid, howover, with her. .But tho hitter foil into a deep sleop, and all efforts of the widow’wore un availing to keep her awnko. At midnight tho doooased appeared. Ho looked grave, as though disploascd, und then pointed out tho placo whore tho receipt lay in a little desk, in another room, attached to tho wall, .on.whioh ho disappeared. Tho widow went the noxt morning to tho placo ho hud indicated and thero found tho receipt. : “ GENTLEMEN, I GIVE YOU A SIGN.”, . j And hero is John "Wesley himflolf as wit-I ness of tho powers of ono of tho latter-day'! prophet-score. Ho wrote :— A little before tho conclusion of the late war in Flanders, ono who oamo from thence wave ue a very strango relation. Jonathan1 l^n»trr*«H*o ifawnti... . ■ , |.nriw.;i him for somo years to bo a man of unblameablo' character. Ono day ho was summoned to' appear before the Board of General Officors,; who said, “"Whatis this wo bearof you, that you aro turned prophet and forotoll thedo^vn fall of the bloody Houso of Bourbon and the haughty House of Austria ? We should bo. glad if you wore a roal prophet, but what sign do you givo to couvinoo us that you aro so.” Ho readily answered, “ Geutlomon, I givo you a sign. To-morrow, at twelve o’clock, you shall havo such * a storm of thunder and lightning as you have not had before since you camo into Flanders. I givo you a second sign—ns littlo ns any of you oxpeot it, you shall bavo a general engagement with tho Frouoh * within threodays. X givo you a third sign. I shall be ordered to advance in tho first liuo, 1 If I am a falso prophet I shall bo shot dead at tho first disohargo, but if atruoonol shall only recoivo a muskot ball in the oalf of my left log.” All this was verified, Tho storm came, and the battle of Fontenoy on tho third day, nnd at tho very first diaclmrgo he received tho ■■ musket ball in tho calf of his loft log. A SCOTCH STORY. In tho chapter on “ Troporty Found or Re covered by Clairvoyaut Dreams’' oocur sovornl amusing stories. One runs thus A olorgyman in a country parish of Scot land made a collection at his church for'an objeot of public benevolence, in which ho felt deeply interested. Tho amount of tho colloo tion, which was received in ladies carried through tho ohuroh, foil greatly short of his, expectations, nnd through tho ovoning of tho day ho frequently alluded to this with the ex pression of much disappointment. In tho night ho dreamed that throo one pound notes had boon loft in one of the ladles, having been ro compressed that thoy had stuck in the corner when tho Indies wero em tiod. Ho was so impressed by tho vision that at an early hour in tho moruiug ho went to tho ohuroh, found tho Indio which ho had scon in his dream, and drow from one corner of it threo ono-ponnd notes. AND AN IRISH ONE. A farmor’a wife dreamed that sho was walking near tho houso of a rojootod lovor, ono O’Flanngau, attended by a beautiful hound, of which sho was fond, when a raven dashed at him, killod him, nnd, tearing out his heart, ilow away with it. Sho next imagined that sho was running home, and that sho mot a funeral, and from tho cofim blood flowed upon tho ground. The bearers placed it at her feot, opened tho lid, and exhibited hor husband murdered, and his heart tom out. Sho awoko, ns might be expected, in. great terror. But hero follows tho most in-! comprehensible part of tho narrative; bor1 husband ontortained an idiot oousin in the! house, and ho, in doggerel rhyme, ropcated tho very samo dream to a gossip, to whom the farmer’s wife had related hers. ; Thatvory night tho farmer was murdered;, and tho next morning tho poor idiot; to tho horror of all,said ashorosofrom his bedUlicI:; •—Uliok Maguiro was tho farmor’a name—“is kilt! Sharaus dhu More kilt him” (Shamus; dhu Moro O’Flanagan—big black James) “and buried him under tho now diton at the' back of tho gardon. I droamod it last night —every word of it.’’ Search was mado at the: spot indicated by the dream, and the body' was found, with tho skull nearly clbft in two. j In tho meanwhile, O’Flanagan absconded,; and enlisted, but was subsequently arrested, t confessed his crime, and was oxeouted. j THE BEER AS SCIENTIST. In blood-ourling stories tho hook (abounds,! but these are hardly as interesting in Augus1 as\thoy will bo on a Btorray night in raid winter. "Wo, therefore, exclude them in favor| of a now version of our good old ffiond the story of tho medical clairvoyant:— i M. Mullier haB recorded that tho wifo of a * sub-lieutenant of the Customs of Bordeaux,; who was a groat sufferer, having been mes-I * merised by him, tho following conversation took placo betweon them. “ DoyouBebyoar, malady?” “ Yes ; I have a collection of blobdori tho chest; itsuffooatee me j'the moro! it accumulates tbo greater my Buffring; when' you magnetise mb ypu stir up this,blood, it ia distributed, and Iobtainroliof." Doyouset any drink, or'ariy other1 thing1 whioh might ftflsi’pt (Ayt^ hfTeiitp of mapmtinni, iu order to nuB^en your cure ^,s ’‘No, nothing \yiil do jiie good except nnwietiKm.*’ ‘'‘And mng aotiaed-watorf’* “No, it will bo useless.” i“Hovr ih it that this blood makes you ill ? M ■“The more it increases the "rest or the weight jupoti the heart, and the more l walk tho more is iny coroplaintcxaspornted.” “Isyoiit* heart itself fetiil.siiti'eringt " “Xo, l see it, it is [henlihy,” “Do you see ydur lungfl‘rM i“Ycs," “How nro they V’’. “Well: but if jt"hftd not been magnetised they would have been attacked ou tho first dav.” “ At a |Oortnin peyiod of tho month will this oollro |t.ion of blood which vou have upon rho chest • be dissipated f” “Yes, portly; hut. tho ro jmaincier will not disappear till tho uext itnpnth n ’ And ro 'on, Ad mfinituip. , 