?WILD ? EOSE Her life and adventures. BIT ' TEBAY,' (Author of 'The Double Kvcnt,' ' Itnnnlne It Off,' 'Jooke* Jack,' 'Banker and Broker,' &c.;) srBciATjTjY TmrrrniN for thr 'nEPERnB.' (ALL IUQHT8 BESEK7ED.) CHAPl'EE XXVII.— WAS IOC MUltDKK. THE nvorage domostio Borvant is gonorally a eouud Blooper. It would take a dyuamito explosion to a wait on somo of thorn, mid tho servant at Tho Elma wan novor known to bo troubled with wukoful noBS, or to bo a light sloopor. Still, tho crioa of Cecil Donnmn had roused hor, but not until ho inado tho fatal attack on Minnie- Rivers. Tho frightened girl nt first hid her head under the bedclothes, and shivored iu hor terror. Thon she heard tho door bang, and thoro was a horrible stillness in tho house. She dare not rnovo until daylight broke, and thon, as the pale stronks of early dawn crept into the room, bIio slipped more half dead than alive from hor bed and huddled on hor clothes. At tho top of tho stairs aho listened, but could hoar no sound. She knocked at tho door of her mistress' room, and do answer boing given, she looked in. Tho bed was empty, but tho room and its contonts -soon convinced her that Minnie Hirers hod at all events not dressed horaelf. 'What could have happened P Down stairs Bhe crept, trembling in every limb. She could see nothing out of placo, aud could hoar nothing. Burglars had not been in the house, that was evident. She felt somewhat reassured at this, and Trent on tip toes along tho passage.. Suddenly ,sho stopped, and her face turned white, and sho gasped for breath. She was looking into tho room where the fearful scenes of the night had been enacted. Tbo sight sho saw was enough to nmko hor tremble. On the floor lay Minnie Rivera, a still, whito figure on it« bock. Her face had on it a fixed look of horror, and hor bands wore douched tight. But the sight that struok terror into the girl was the knife plunged up to the hilt in her mistress' bosom. Blood was slowly oozing from tho spot, and gontly trickling down ovor lior umbroidored nightgown to the floor. The girl dare not enter tho room. She knew something dreadful had happened, but hardly realised the mischief that had been done. She oponed the front door and looked out into the street. A policeman stood yawning at tho next corner in anticipation of going off hia beat, and oho beckoned him. It is always considered undignified in a member of the force to be in a hurry, con sequently the constable in quostion sauntered leisurely down the street. Whon ho reached the gate the girl's fu.ee showed him- something serious must have happened. 'What's the matter !' he said. 'Burglars?' , .':,.. ', 'Worse,' said the girl, in a low Toioe. ' Worse,' he naid, quickly, as he opened tho gate. 'Quick; toll me what it is.' ' Murder,' gasped the girl. Ho could see by her face she was speak ing the truth: ? ? , ? ? ' Who has beon murdered t' ho asked.' 'My mistress. Oh, Lord, what a sight it is. Sho is lying in that room,' and she pointed to the door. Tho constable walked in, and, used us he was to sco all kinds of sights, he gave an exclamation of, horrified surprise as he savr the pule figure in white laying so still ou the floor. He knelfc down and put his hand on her breast. No, hor heart did not beat. He felt her pulse, and it was still, Sho was dead. Murdored, no doubt, and by whom ? 'Hun to tho police station while I ro main here,' 'h'e said. 'Take n cab -when you como across one, and be quick, and ask for Sergonnt Norris.' Tho girl did as she was bid, »nd in a short time tho sergeant and another con stable appearod. 'This is a very bad business,' said Sergeant Norris, who knew all about Cecil Douinan aud his wayB. ' A vory bad business. Whore is be — your master, I mean.' 'I don't know, sir. He was here last night,' Baid tho girl. The liouso was searched, but no trace of Doninan could bo seen. ' He must have Blept horo last1 night,' Baid tho Borgeant. ' See, in this ens cbuir. Ho droppod his pino ont of hi hand wliilo asleop. What brought her here, I wonder. Lift her up gently, boys' and carry hor to her own room. Poor thing. AVhut a pretty woman. To think old iiaurico Rivers' daughter should come to this end.' Tho constables raised the body, and carried it touderly upstairs. News of this nature quickly spreads. The girl had told tho sorvant next door, and slio had imparted it to tho milkman, who had duly carried ic round aud doled it out with the milk. Of course tlio reporters got on tho scent, and an account of the affair appearod in the evoning papers. ' Terrible tragedy. A lady murdored. Stabbed to tho heart. The mnrdorer os capes. No trace of him,' read Bon Bolt. ' Wonder vr hat it*B all about,' he Baid. Then as ho read on his face denoted Bur priso and horror. Ho read to the end and thon sprang to his feet. 'This is n.torriblo affair,' ha Baid.' I'll call round for Danton and nee what he Bays.' .??-.' He did bo, and thoy went to Hiram Roper's. ' Wo must let Wild Rose know at once,' said Hiram. 'Sh« will ba Urribly shocked.' ' You go and see her,' said Tom, 'and Bolt and I will go down to tho houeo.' 'All right,' Baid Hiram, who did not half like his mission. '. Ho took the first train to Ettglo Farm, and luckily found Wild Rote at home, and Harry Dale with her. ' What brings you hero, Hiram P' Bhe asked i ' wo dou't often soe you at ' tho farm. Anything of importance !' ' Fes ' ho said ; ' most important, and also sad businoss.' !? What is the matter ? What hut hap ponod?' aald Wild Hoae. ' Cocil Denman has ? ha* ? ' Btim morad Hiram, ' Oo on, go on,' said Wild Roao. 'What villainy has he been at now P ' ' Ho haa assaulted Minnin Rivon,' said Hiram. ' The brnto,' Baid Wild Rose, ' to Btrike a woman.' ' Ho w£=t-« flogging,' said Harry, indig nantly. ' lie will gat something worse than a.1 flogging ii thoy lay hands on him,' caid Hiram. 'Hiram, you are not , tolling mo all. Speak out. What has happoned P ' said WildRoso, ? ' Minnie Rirors has been wounded,' laid Hiram. ' Is sho dangorouRly wounded ? Oil, I must go to her,' flaid Wild Rose, all hor enmity ngainst tho woman vanishing at tho thought that she might bo in^dangor. ' Very dangerously . wounded,' said Hiram. ' I dou't think she will ever re cover.' 'Is Bho ? is she ? . Not dead, Hiram P ' Baid Wild Rose. Hiram nodded. 'Ho has not murdorod her I' said Harry, in an awe-struck voice. ? ' Sho has been murderod,' Baid Hiram, ? 'and suspicion points to- Cecil Denman, who is nowhere to bo found.' 'Oh, this iB horrible,'- said Wild Roso. 'Poor Minnie. How she has been punished.' Thou Hiram producod tho paper, and read tho account of the murder, whioh was a very fair resume of what had occurred, embellished with sundry surmises on tho part of tho writer. Harry Dale at once said he would return to town with Hiram, and WildRose wished to accompany them. 'You had far better remain here. Rose' ho said. ?' You can do no good. Wait until the inquiry is over. You can see her then.' Wild Rose r&luotantly; consented. 'Spare no orponse, Hiram,' she Baid, savagely, ' to trace Cecil Denman. He is doubly a murderer now, for I am certain ho killed Maurice Rivors.' Noxt morning an inqniry was held before the coronor into tho affair, and tho murder had created a profound sensation in the eity, as Cecil Denman and Minnie Rivers were woll known. Some curious faota came out in the ovi donco given. . The man who had seen tho flying figure running up the cliff at Watson's Bay came forward, and ono or two more who had seen the madman tearing along tho road. From the description thoy gave of the man there could bo very little doubt it was Cecil Don man. . , Then a cabman who had) taken a fare to Double Bay produced a pocket book ho had found on the road, and papers in it clearly proved it belonged to Cecil Denman. ' I saw a man rushing up the cliffs,' said the witness nlludud to, ' and I was frightened . at hia looks. I feel sure ho was mod. He had no bat on, and his clothes were all splashed and torn, and ho ran like a man pusuod by some horrid phantom. Right up the cliff he went, and I knew he would run ovor tho rocks. I watched him. For ono moment ho hesi tated as he stood on tho brink of tho Gap. Tlion he gave a fearful look bohind, and sprang forward and diuappoared. I ran up the cliff and looked over and saw - a Bhape less mass on the rocks below. The tido was high, and he must have been quickly washed away.' ; The servant girl said her master came home on the night of the murder, but sho did not hear him go to bed. She heard no quarrelling; in fact, her master and mistress appeared to be on unusually good terms that night. Bhe described how sho found the body in tho morning, and the fright it gave hor. AH the ovidenee tondod to Bhow that Minnie Rivers had been stabbed, and by Cecil Denman. , What reaBon ho'had for committing the deed did not seem eloar. It was a mystory, and one, difficult to solvo. Denman 'b strango behaviour seemed moro the aot of a madman than of a sane boing. Then why had Minnie Rivers como into the room in suoh a condition? ? Something must have attracted hor, or she would never have been found thero iu bar night dress. Bolt's surniiso that she must havo hoard a noiso and come down to boo if Cecil Den umn was all .right was generally supposed to be correct. But the terrible scone enacted in the room on tho night of tho deed was never mado publio iu all itB horrible details, bor caUBB both Ceoil Doninan and Minnie Rivors were dead. The murder caused a nine days' wonder, aud thou interest in it gradually diod away. Not so with Bon Bolt and Wild Roso. The dotective had givon her his opinion, which, as it happened, was not vory wide of. the mark. 'You think ho killed Mauiico Rivors,' Baid Bolfc. ' So do I. Ho may havo beon troubled in his conscience that night, and lie ovidontly fell asleep in tho easy chair. Perhaps ho had a druain in which he saw Maurico Rivers onco more, and, if so, whon ho woke, ho would probably cry out. This would bring Minnio Rivera down titairs to seo what had happonod, and porhaps in his heated imagination ho would fancy sho was n ghost, and seizing tho first weapon handy, mado a stab at the white figure bo foro him. 'Thou he might probably seo what he had done, aud the Buddennoss of tho awful deed would bo enough to turn a stronger man's brain than Ceoil Banman's. 'WnsMiunie Rivers like her father?' asked Bolt. ' Yos. Vory liko her,', Baid Wild Rose 'Then her faco would remind him of tho doad man,' Baid Bolt; 'and her white dross would lend weight to the ghost theory.' ' 'Depend upon it,' said Bolt, 'Cecil Doninan, bad as ho may, have boen, would nover have stiibbod Minnie Rivers in cold blood, had he known her at the timo. Now, under all tho circumstances, it can hardly bo called murder; at all ovouta not promeditatod uinrdor.' 'I am glad you think bo,' Baid Wild Roso. ' Poor Minnie. It ia very Bad.' 'Thore is somothing elso that would Baddon your llfo if you knew it,' thought Bolt. ' Wo must never let you know who your father was,' Minnio Rivorn was buriod in Waverley Cemotory, and Wild Rose«,,as she saw tho ooiBn lowered into tho grave, criod bittorly. In that moment she forgave Minute Rivers all, and sorrowed that while alive 'hi had not douo moro to hu!(i her. Tho erring woms.n had gone to her oo coiint, and it was not for man to judge Cecil Domnan had come to a violent «nd, and had paid tho penalty of hia mi-- dcoda. Wickednonn and crime must soonor or. later mocc with a ju2lpuniiihuient. Juntico may turry Iour, but in tho ond the fate of Bunh mon and womeiu us Cecil Den man and Minnio Rivers will bo «wift »nd euro I »!oruy;.5.i. T.i.i m 'in who huso belief in a Supremo Boing will find a rude awakening when faco to faco with inevi table death. Howiirseo as Mb oyes grow dim the shadow of a world to como, a v.orld ] which he is about to enter, and in which ; he may play another part. Then ho will realise a hand moro powerful than that of man has controlled his destiny. Who knowa what Cocil Denman saw in that brief moment of time, when he foil head long from the cliff, and was- dashed on to the rocks below? To watch' tho faco of tho dying, as tho lifo gradually goeB out, flicker by flicker, is a -revelation that there is something after death. , ? Such a man as Cecil Denman may be given another chance to repent in a world we know not of. -^ - Ho may have to work out another life, and by that working be judged. It is hard to believe that- any human boing over quitted this life with a certainty, nt the last moment, that it was tho ' be-all, and tho eud-all' of tho existence. SavagOB believo in a future state. Are we worse than savages P The fear of death is inherent in every living creature. This^very fear 'of death is a proof of a future, and a dread of it. Let men like Cecil Denman rail, and scoff, and curse, and say 'there is no God,' but when thoir lost hour comes they learn tho eternal truth, and thon, and some times not until then, they are afraid to die. (To be CorrennrBD.) 