5..HE WHITE SHE-WQOLF. BY Glman T OAWIurJct, t' Quite well, dear papa," answered the ohild; "but where is the fine white wolf-skin that you promised me." " Your father did not find hor,"answered Ravina, with a little laugh ; " tho white wolf was not so easy to catch as he fancied." Alexis had moved a few steps nearer to the lady, and was listening with grave attention to every word she uttered, " Are white wolves so diffllult to kill, then ?" asked he. "It seems so, my little man," returned the lady, " since your father and all the serfs. of Koatopohin were unable to do so." "I have got a pistol that good old Michal has taught me to fire, and I am sure I could kill her if ever I got a sight of her,' observed Alexis, boldly. . "There's a brave boy," returned RTevina with one of her shrill laughs ; "and now, won't you come and sit on my knee, for I am very fond of little boys?" '.' No, I don't like you," answered Alexis, after a moment's consideration, "for Milohal ..... mo.?a?---' . ..... " Go to your room, you insolent young brat," broke in his father, in a voice of thunder; "you spbnd so much of your time with Michal and the serfs that you have learned all their boorish habits," Two tiny tears rolled down the boy's cheeks as in obedience to his father's orders he turned about and quitted the room,, while Ravina darted a strange look of dislike after him, As soon, however, as the door had closed, the fair woman addressed Katrina. "Well, perhaps you will not be so unkind to me as your brother," said she "come to me," and as she spoke she -held out her arms, The little girl came to her without hesitation, and began to smoothe the silken tresses which were coiled and wreathed around Ravina's head, "Pretty, pretty," she murmured ; "beauti ful lady." " You see, Paul Sergevitch, that your little daughter has taken to me at once," remarked Ravina. " She has taken to you in a most wonderful manner," remarked Paul, with a pleased' smile; "you have quite obtained possession of her heart." "Not yet, whatever I may do later on," an swered the woman, with her strange, cold smile. Presently, the child grew tired of her new acquaintance, and sliding down from her knee, crept from the room in search of her brother Alexis. Paul and Ravina remained silent for a few moments, and then the woman broke the silence. "All that remains for me now, Paul Serge. viteh, is to trespass on your hospitality, and to ask you to lend me some disguise, and assist me to gain the nearest post'town, which, I think is Vitoski,"'' " And why should you wish to leave this at all Z" demanded Paul, a deep flush rising to his cheek ; " you era perfootly safe in my house, and if you.attempt to leaveXoestopchin, you will, inevitably. fall 'into the hands of the poliee." "And Paul Sergevitoh will tell them where they can find me ?'! questioned Ravina, with an ironical inflection in the tone of her voice. "I never thought-that' is-" stammered the man. "No, ,you never thought that I could read you so plainly." pursued the woman, pitilessly : Sbut it is the truth that I have told you, and ooner than remain an inmate o° your house, I would .leave it, oven if all the police of Russia stood ready. to arrest me on its very thres hold," " Stay, Ravine," exclaimed Paul, as the woman made a step towards the door; 1 do not say' whether your reading of my thoughts is right or wrong, but before you leave, listen to ime, I tell you plainly that from the first mo ment that I set eyes on you, a strango now feeoling has risen up in my heart--not the cold thing that society calls love, but a burning, resistless flood which flows down like molten lava from the volcano's orator. Stay Ravina, be my wife-you are safe enough from all pur. suithere," " And does Paul Sergevitoh actalally mean to offer his hand to a woman whose name he does not even know, and of whose feelings toward him he is entirely ignorant ?" asked the woman, with her customary mocking laugh. "'What do I care for name or birth 9" re turned he, hotly; " I have enough for both, and as for love, my passion would soon kindle some sparks of it in your breast, cold and frozen as it may now be." "Let md think a little," said Raving, and, throwing herself into an arm chairh she buried her face in her hands and seemoed plunged in deep reflection ; "listen," she said, at last; "I have thought over your proposal seriously, and, up6n certain conditions, I will conisent to be. come your wife. At the preusent moment, I have no inclination for you, bat, on the other \----an,.I feel no repugnance for you. I will re main here a monthi, iand during that teme I will remain in a suite of apartmnets wlhich you will have prepared for me. Every evening I will visit you hero for two hours, and upon your making yourself agreeable, mIy ultinmateo decision will depend," "And suppose that decision should be an un favorable one I" asked Paul. . Then," answered Ravine, with a ringing laugh, "I shall, as you say, leave thisi gnd take your heart with me." "These are hard conditions,'" rem.arked Paul: "why not shorten the time of prob.a tion?" " My conditions are unalterable," answered Ravina, with a little stamp of tlme tot; " do you agre0 to them or not I" ''I.have no alternativo,', answerod he, sul lenly, The days slipped slowly nd we-rily away, but Ravine showed no signs of rolenting. Every evening, acc,,ring to iher bond she spent tiv.o hours with Paul and made horself most agreeable, listening to his far-fetlchedl copli menla and asseverations of love amd trLdorness either with a cold smnlo or with ois of her mnocking laughs. She refused to allcw Paul to visit her in hler owen apartsments, and the only intruder lshe permitted there, snave the servants was little Katrina, who had takenu a strangeo fancy tothe fair woman. Alexis, on the con trary, avoided her as much as he possibly could and the pair hardly over mest. Meanwhile. curious rumors boganl to be circu lated regardimg the strange proceedings of the lady whoIe occupied the suite of apartments which had formerly beloniged to thowife of the owner of Kostopohin, The servants dclarod that the food sent up, though hlacked abatt and out up, was never tasted, but that the raw meat in the larder was frequently missing. Stranoge sounds were often heard to issue fEom the rooms as the panie-strick l serfs hreyried past the corridor upon which the doors opened, and dwellers in the house wore frequeitly dis turbed by the hlowlings of wolves, lIo footprints of which were distiuectly visible thoe next; morn ing, and, ouriously enough, invariably in the gardens faciig thle west side of the Ihoeaeo iii which the lady dwelt. Little Alexis, who found no encourageme o t to sit with his fatther, was naturally thrown a lreat deal among the serfs, anld hIcard the tsubjotdis cussed with many exaggerations. Oneo of sis most treasured possessions was on old lIaina mounted cavalry pistol, a prccent from lichuld this he had learned to load, and by using bolt hands to the cumbrous weapon, could contrive to fire it oft, as manuy an ill-starred aparrow coulld attest. With his mind constantly dwel ling upon the terrible tales he hadso greedily listened to, the pistol became his daily compan ion, whether he was wandering along the corridors of the house or wandoring through the pallelted shrubbrie?s of the garden, . For a fortnight matters went on ia this manner, Paul becoming more and more in. fatuated by the charms of this strange woman. To atisfy a- whim of heors, he had oven dis missed old lichlolfrom his offieo and forbidden him to approach the house. But the faithful old servant, whose love for the children was stronger than his fear of punishment, took to winder at night about the exterior of the great whito houro, urged on by some feeling for which he could in no wise accelut. One evening, as Michell was maltingt his acoustomed tour of inspection, the wail (if a child struck upon his ear. 1ei bent down\ his head and eagerly listened ; again he heard the faint sounds, and in them he recognised the accents of little Katrina. Hurrying up to ona of the ground floor windows in Ravina's apartment, from which a dim light streamed. he pressed his face against the pane and looked steadily in, A horrible sight presented itself to his gaze, By the faint light of a shaded lamp, he saw Katrina stretched upon the ground ; but her wailing had now ceased, for a shawl had Ion tied across her little mouth. Over her was bending a hideous shape, which seemed to be clothed in some white and shaggy coveriug. Katrina lay perfootly motionless, and the hands of the figure were oengaged in hastily removing the garments from the child's breast. The task was soon effected ; then there was a bright gleam of stool, and the head of the thring bout closely down to the child's bosom. With a yell of apprehension, the old man dashed in the window-frame, and, drawing the cross from his breast sprang boldly into the oo0m, The creature sprang to its feet, and, the white fur.cloak falling from its head and shoulders, disclosed the pallid features of ]Ravina, a short, broad knife in her hand, and the lips discolored with blood, " Vile sorceresal' cried Michal, dashing for ward and raising Katrina in his arms; " what hellish work are you about ?" Ravina's eyes gleamed fiercely upon the old man, who had interfered between lier and her prey. She raised her dagger and was about to spring upon him when she caughtsight of the cross in his extended hand With a low cry she dropped the knife and staggered back. Michal paid but little hooed to her, for he was busily engaged in examining the fainting child, whose head was resting holpleosly on his shoulder, There was a wound over the left breast from which the blood was flowing; but the injury appeared slight, and not likely to prove fatal. As soon as he had satisfied himself on this point, he turned to the woman, who was crouching before the cross as a wild boast sh$inks away before the whip of his tanter. "I am going to remove the child," said he slowly, "dare to mention a word of what I have done or whither she has gone, and I will arouse the village. Do you know what willhappen thenou Why every peasant in the place will hurry hero with a lighted brand in his hand to consume this accursed house and the unnatural dwellers in it. Keeop silence, and I leave you to your unhallowed w\ork. I will no longer seek to preserve Paul Sorgovitch who has given himself over to the powers of darkness by taking a demon to his bosom." Ravina listened to hiam as if sel had scarcely comprehended him ; but, as the old man re treated to the window with his helpleoss burden, she followed him, step by stop; and as he turned to cast one glance at the shattered window, he saw heo woman,'s pale face iand blood-stained lips glued against an uilnbrokeno paino, with a wild look of unsotisfied appetito in her eyes. Next morning the house of. Kotopehin was filled with terror and surprise, for Katrina, the idol of her father's heart, had disappeared, and no signs of her could be discovered. Every effort was made ; the woods anid fields in the neighbourhood were thoroughly searched ; but it was at last concluded that robbers had carried off the child for the sake of the ran som that they might be able to extract froms the father. The day upon which all search had ceased. Ravine glided into the room where she knew that she would find Paul awaiting her. She was fully an hour before her usual time, and the Lordof Kostopohin started to his feet in sour prise. "You are surprised to see me," said alsoe; " but I have only come to pay you a visit for a few minutes. I am convinced that you love meo, and could I but relieve a few of the objec. tions that my heart continues to raise, I iight be yours." " Tell me what those scruples are,' cried Paul, springing toward her, and seizing her hands in his ; " and be sure that I will find moeans to overcome them." " Listen," said .aho, as she withdrew her hand. "' I will take two more hours for consi deration. By that time the whole of the house of Kostopohin will be cradled in ulunmber ; then moot me at the old sun-dial near the yew-tree, at the bottom of the garden and I will give you my reply." , But why not come back hero 9" urged he; " there is a hard frost to-night and-" " Aro you so cold aI lover," blroke iin Ravina, with her accustomed laugh, ''"to dread the haniges of the weather ? But not another wvord; I lhavo spokeu." Sheo glided fromn tlhe room, but uttered a low cry of rage. She almost fell over Alexis in the corridor. "Why is that brat not in bed I" lse oriod, angrily. "iGo to your room, boy," oxclhimed the father, harhly~ , and the child then slunk away. Paul Sergovitch paced up and down the room for the two hours thlat he had to pass before the hour of meoeting, His heart was' very heavy, and a vague feeling of disquietudo began tooreep over himn. Twenty timnes hlie made up his mind not to keep Ihis appointment, and as often the fascinations of the fair woman com. polled him to rescind his resoluliou. Now and again he glanced at the clock, and at last its deep metallia sound, as it struck the quarter, warned himu that lhe had little time to lose, if he intended to keep his lappointment. Throwing oi a heavily furred coat and pul ling a travellingcap down over his cnrar, hlo opened a sldo door and sallied out, into the grounds. The dark shape of the yow.tree soon rose up boforo hIim, and in another moment he stood beside its dusky boughs. Thie old gray 5un dial stood only a few paceo off, and by its side was standing a shlender figure, wrapped in a whlite, fleecy- looking cloak.. It was iecrfectly motionless, aud again a thrill of undefined dread passed through every nerve andi muscle of Paul Seorgovitclh's body. ' Ravisa l" said he, in falltering accents. " RaSviia I" "Did you take me for a ghost ?"nsawerod the fair woman, with her shrill laughs; "no, no, I have not come to that yet. Well, Paul Sergovitchl, 1 have come to give you nmy answer ; are you anxious about it 1" "How can you ask me suell a question ?" returned he: '"do not keeoop me any longer in suspenses. Is it 'yes,' or 'no ' 1' "Paul Sergevitch,' answerod the strange woman, cominig sp to him and laying her hands uipon his shoulders and fixilng her eyes upon hiis with that strange expression before which he alwavys quailed; " do you really love mo, Paul Sergevitehl " asked she. ." Love you I" repeated the Lord of Kiostop chin ; " have I not told you a thousand t isimnes how luch nly whole soul flows out toward you, how I only live and breatho in your pro. sesce, and how death at your feet would he more welcome than life witlhout yoti ?" "People often talk of doatlh, and yet little know how near it is to thems," nnswered the far lady, a grim smile appoearing upon helr face; " ut telol me, do you give mo your wholo heart ?" "All I lhave is yours, Ravina," returned Paul ; " name, wealth, and the devoted love of a lifo time," ' But your heart," persisted aheo ; " it is your heart that I want ; tell me, Paul, that it is mine and sino only." I' Yes, way heatb is yours, dearest ISyvina," nauswrod Pau, entidavourVing to omerano tllo fair form in his impassiored grarp; I,but IshlO glided from him, and thou, with a quick boutid, sprang upon him and glared in his face with "t look that was absolutely appalling. 1cr eyes gleamed with a luIid iire, her lips were drawn back, showing her sharp, white teeth, while her breath came in sharp, quick gasps. I" am l lllgry," sllt murmured, 't -hl, eo imrgry; but now, Paul Sorgovitoh, your h.eart is Imino." elor m?ovomeuet was so sudden and unix pected that Ie stumbled and feull heavily to the grnoumd, theo fair woman olinging to him and falling upon his reoast. It was then that the full horror of his position camne upon Paul Sergeoitchl, and ho saw his fao cloearly before him, but a terribleo nunbuess prevented him, front using his hands to free himself from the lideouo embraco which was paralysing all his mnuoles. The face that was glaring inlto his seemed to be undergoing como fearful change, and the features to be liAing their sotublanco of humanity. With a sudden, quick move mont, tho tore peon his garmInts, and in another tuomontr she Ihad ptlforated his Ikft breont witll a ghastly wound and torn out hiia hlart. She heeded not tih convulsivu struggles which agitated the dying form of the Lord of Kosttp. chin, nor as diminutive formt approiachilng, shel tering itself behind every trect ,atl bush until it had arrived to v ithin ten pateoa of the scone of the terrible tragedy, Then the mooinbeanm glistened upon the long shinling barrol of a pistol, which a boy was levelling with both handa at the murdereres. Quick anld sharp rang out the report, and with it wild shriek, in which there was something beast like, Ravina leaped from the body of the dead man and staggereod away to a thick clump of bushes some toen paces distant. The boy Alexis had heard tlhe appointmentt that had been made, and dogged his father's footsatps to the trysting-place. After tiring the fatal lsot, his courage deserted hitm, and hIe fled back to the house, uttoring loud shriOks for help, The startled ae.rvants were soon in the presnces of their alaughtered mnster, hItt aid was of no avail, for tho Lord of Kontopchin had passed away. Wtth fear and trembling, the superatitiousa peasants soarched tlh clump of bushes, and started back in horror as they perceived a hugo white wolf, lying stark and dead, with a human heart clasped between its foreo-paws. 