.A DROViING TRIP' IN THrI DROUGIIT 01' 1875. (From the 'at,ralilts' Revie'.) I nAn just finished a well-earned holiday in Melbourne, and reotrned to my old district, the Morrumbidgeo, anxious to renew my financeos and eager for work, and having a fair droving plant, including forty-two head of good and tried horses, fat and sound. After a day or two's rest I com- 1 monced to look round for an opening for my energies, work for my plant, and a prospect of being able to remit at no distant date a good fat oheque to my bankers. 1 I had not to look about very long, being known in the district as a care futl and teadrly drover, having made many trips to the district with both fat and store cattle, when one day I was asked to call at a well-known agent's office. On arrival there I was informed that a wealthy Victorian had a large mob of store cows, something over a thousand head, which he wanted driven to the Warrogo. I may mention, en passant, that the Warrego in those days was to the river men inside, the veritable "away back," 1 or a sort of terra incognito. Well, I after a long conference with the agent, and a careful perusal of the district maps jof which there were many in the oflice), I was put in possession of what information was nece.ssary as regards the lay of tbo country, dis tanco to be travelled, rivers, creeks, and lagoons on route, &c.; Ultimately we came to terms, and the following day I signed a contract agreeing to proceed in seven days' time to lift (anglice, to take delivery of) 1000 or t 1100 head of cattle, and drove same to owners' station on the Warrego, i finding all plant myself and paying all expenses, the agents agreeing to honour my drafts on them to the ex- 1 tent of 35 per cent. on my contract price. I took the precaution before starting on this memorable trip of consulting a.few good and true brother-drovers who were acquainted with the country which I would require to travel, and i from them succeeded in gaining some t valuable information and advice. After selecting nince smart young u follows and a coolk for the througlh trip, 1 was prepared for a start. The t trip 1 reckoned.with a fair amount of 1 luck would taclo us four months from t date of delivery to accomplish. The i sequel shows how utterly wrong I was e in my calculations. After getting all my forty-two head ( of horses shod by contract, and all t gear done up thoroughly, and after t laying in a supply of rations, I was I ready to start for the station whlere we were to take delivery of the cattle. On the 3rd December 1875, I left Wagga with a light heart and gay spirits, myself and party being all in I fine health, and anxious for " a flair wind and no favour." After a warm hand-shalco, a stir rup cup,"'and many well-wishos--I carried with me their earnest hopes for a good square trip-I jumped on i to my waggonetto, gathered up tile ribbons of my four best horses, and slinging a " bull " (5/-) to tile groom, with a crack of the whip and in a cloud of dust I was soon lost to view, and an route to the Bland, 120 miles off. Now, as the acceptance of my con tract had preceded me some days, work was well on tlhe way at muster ing, and on the 21st December I finally took delivery, and had the eleven hundred and some odd cows counted over to my charge. There remained only theo delivery note, receipt, permit, and other documents to .sign and witness, and this was soon done. I was now in for making a clear £500 or losing rll I possessed. But I bad big hopes of success, and a six-to four chance of doing the tricki. Having a thorough good fellow, who was for some years our hIead stookman, second in charge, I had no fears regarding the result of the droving, given a fair supply of grass and water. All went very well till after we crossed thle Lachlan River, when 'my first loss took place. I hIad been into the township to draw some money for the roads, and also to see the inspector of stool. lHaving completed my busi ness, I returned to my camp. It was just about dusk ; the cattle weore all in camp and the night horses caught. I called one of the men to assist mo to collect and take the other horses to a paddock I had arranged for some two miles up the river. Suddenly remem boring I had on my best coat, and not wishing to tear it in the dark, I took it off and llung it to the cook, request ing that worthy, at the same time, to put it in my tont. It contained £25 in notes and all my papers. On my return I looked for it, but falling in my search, did not bother any more about it, but went to sleep. Next morning I looked everywhere for it, but without success. The cook on being interrogated, remarked that he had forgotten all about my instruc tions. I thcen asked every man for hIis own satisfaction to unroll his swags which he did, nothing being found. Making sure the cookl must have collared it, I looked carefully through the ashes of the fire for traces, but found none. I then searclhed the waterholo, but with thle same result. I therefore concluded that iheo took thie motley and hid it away with the coat and papers; at auyrato to this day the mystery remains unsolved. IHad my losses stopped at this point I could have borne them coeerfully. From that day till thle end of tihe trip I was ever in more or less trouble. The summer was well set ini, and with every appearance of a long drought. After we crossed the Lachlan the feed began to get very scarce. The Macquaric. the coutry on which I had built my hiopes of having a "real good time," was in a terrible state ; not a vestige of grass for miles out from thie river. Tihe water was also so low, and thie banks so steep, that tise cattle could only at intervals got at it, and thie weak ones after a long drink would Ihave tihe utmost difliculty in getting out again; many in fact remalining thiere for ever. By tho time we reachlled the Mole, whcere thie Macequarie mptieo itself, our Ih.'s(s wee-re in a s0ad stete from Ilcrd wsoch sncd n1o feed ; in fclct, they weore more shadows, and this fact out me up very much. I had constantly to leave one here and one there to take their chnnce--a very poor one-but we still kept on hoping for a better state of grass country. Each day however the sun seemed to gain in intensity, and the feed less-if such were possible. Our stock were now daily becoming weaker and dropping osi in ones and twos to die. I was now getting very anxious, as indeed I had good cause to. IDay by day (wo were now fourteen weeks out) I saw our unfortunate horses passing out of our keeping, and to spare them I as much as possible we walked be hind the cattle, which from sheeoor star vation were very quiet, and did not mind us on foot. We also watched them at night in the same manner. I resorted to every device I could think of to steal for them at night a bit of grass by going out some distance from the frontages, and sneaking on to the next run to gain a little start on the over-vigilant stockmon and .1 other drovers. By this time I. was quite ease-hardened to managers and stockmen, and threats of summonses for breaches of the Road Act. They had no horses to ride for such a par pose, and I know it. Their horses either were not sacred to me, for at dark I would put in one or two of the poor brutes for a short time. On. one occasion 1 managed to buy twenty or thirty pumpkins from a selector, and by Jupiter, how the horses did wire into them. We wore now out eighteen weeks and still three hundred miles from our destination, and the constant use of bad water, and often the scarcity of it, told its own tale in our looks. Nearly all we c-,uld got was more or less green and tainted with doadstock. The water-courses of Began, Macquario, and Barwon wore at this time literally lined with dead animals. About this time we were in great straits for watoer; our cattle and horses had not tasted a drop for two days, and we were twenty-four hours without water, and this in the middle of summer. Our feelings can be more readily imagined than described, as we were thoen between the MIoor and the Barwon. The next morning we talked the matter over as to who should go in search of water. We had been advised that about ten miles west of our camp we would find a lagoon. They ought to have said a " sepulchre." It was finally decided that I should take the strongest horse and all the water-bags and go in search of the lagoon. I soet out on my journey fully charged with hope and confidence in my ability to find the much-needed " elixir of life." What cantles in the air I built for myself and mates I What recol lections of bubbling brooks and flow ing rivers passed through my heated imagination I Onward I rode in the burning heat, anxiously dolooking for tracks or traces of the stock on the run going to the lagoon. I was on a " pad," but there were no signs of a fresh track; my hopes were failing fast, but about midday I found the spot indicated. There could be no mistake; it was the very place of which we had heard. Three old " mimics " on the east banlr, and piles of bones and carcasses of dead stook scattered all around, bearing silent witness as to the severity of previous droughts. Good God I this is what met my eight-this sceno destroyed the key stone of my castles in the air-naught but a dlry, barren, and blackened lagoon, only the ghost of its former self, It was too terribly mocking to msy thirsty soul. The reaction from glad anticipation to stern reality caused a terrible strain. on my nerves. Constant anxiety for the welfare of those who looked to me for assistance, the knowledge that I was fast losing my hard-earned little capital, my favourite horses dying under my eyes, and the evident collapse of all my hopels, drove me almost to despair; and I leant against an old gnarled box-tree, completely broken down, and I sobbed as only a man in such a strait can. It did me good, and, I believe, saved me a serious mental blow. After a while I braced myself to gother and determined to find water or perish in the attempt, knowing that to return without good news meant the utter failure of our expedition. So I buckled to and set out to explore again. I rode about in every direction, l keeping a sharp lookout for the tracks 6 of animals, which might load me to > the desired haven. About four p.m. of that day I noticed a native dog t prowling about, and, getting near him, She cleared. I found he was on a " pad" on which wore the tracks of a few head of cattle, fairly fresh, and my spirits rose at once. I followed Sthis "pad " for a mile or so, when oh, c the joyful sound I I heard thoegalahs Sand eoolkatoos sorecohing. I know t from past experience that I was near r water, consequently hurried on as well Sas my poor tired and thirsty horse c oould shuflo along-eho being nearly three days without water- and I was soon at a fair-sized lagoon. The water was not over-tempting, but to those ciroumstanced as I was --to say a nothing of my steed-it was indeed s most welcome. I did not wait to t analyse it, neither did my horse, but o we drank our fill and paid for it after w ards. After thoroughly soaking the water bags I filled them, and kept doing so until they hold like a bottle; no diffi oult matter considering the pea-soupy quality of tho water. Having fixed up everything right I jumped on my horse and prepared to start in soearch of my poor mates, who by this time must have nearly perished. I could now raise a jog-trot, and I hurried on, so as to reach our camp before nightfall. I arrived safe and sound at the camp about 8 p.m. Those who have soon fowls fed on an early morn, and know what a,[ serambleo there is for the grain, can picture the eagerness of the nine men at tile five water-bags, containing about twelve quarts, the total quantity seeming but a taste to their thirsty throats. The moon being up, we decided at once to start for the lagoon. I started with the spare horses, the cook follow iug, and as we had about eight miles to travel, and wished to consume all the cleanest of the water before the now maddened cattle destroyed it, weo quickened our pace. When the cattle had been driven about five miles they scented the water and began to show signs of uneasiness, and to bellow as only thirsty cattle can do. I was in grave doubts as to the result of such a large mob getting to water in their condition, anti thought of dividing them into small mobs, but they soon settled matters by taking the law into their own hands, or rather " feeoot." They started into a trot, gradually tailing off into-one long line. Tihe men were powerless to steady them, as their horses were quite done up. When they arrived at the lagoon, how they roared and splashed and puddled the water, not 5 per cent. drinling, only going all over the waterhole in sheer delight of feeling the water about them, They settled down after a while, and when they had supped up as much mud as they wanted they camped. They remained camped all the day, only going out towards evening to food on the coarse grass and legnum tops. As regards ourselves, we had to put the water through quite a number of processes before we could get a a decent drink. First we boiled and strained it, then repeated the process, finishing up by clearing what was left by ashes; thou after all this prepara tion we found, on malking the tea, that ammonia was the strongest in gredient in it. This, thank the fates, was our last great water trial on the trip. Out of forty-two horses we had only eleven left and tlhso were reduced to skin and bone. The men also were very much cut up, and thoroughly teary of the trip. We reached Browarrina on the Barwon, and at once wired the owner of the cattle that, as I was only just able to pay my liabilities, owing to the terrible hardships we had gone through, and no chance of getting to his station owing to the want of water on route, I begged to be relieved of my contract. No one would tackle the job in such a drought, so we eventually arranged that the owner should count over the cattle and consider my contrmct fulfilled, and if I only stuck to them till rain came, lie (the owner) would from date bear all expenses to buy fresh horses. After laying in a fresh supply of stores and purchasing a few fresh mounts for which we paid fabulous sums---l15 to £25 for noddies and crooks Whose chief eothmercial value was fat--we were oneo more upon the warpath. We travelled up the back creeooks to gain time whilst awaiting the fall of rain and our recall. Tare and ages, how we prayed to be released from these cattle. They haunted us and we hunted them. The last anot but one to this drama opened four weeks before the stook were delivered. I was lnocked down with measles and in a rough camp it was a nice picnic. However owing to the unbounded charity of a squatter and his family-through whose run we were at the time passing, and who took me to his house and had me nursed and doctored-I have been spared to write this narrative. I was not present at the final hand ing over of this sorry mob of cattle, for while laid up they got out to the Warrego, and were all branded and on the run when I arrived there five weeks afterwards. Tihe owner behaved mostbandsomely, and although I had lost 12 per cent. and was liable to 7 per cent. of that amount at £4 per head, lie considered that under the circumstances I had accomplished wonders. He also told me that on several stations on the river, where they had not moved a hoof of stock, their losses had been more than treble what mine had been. He paid me up handsomely and bought the residue of my plant. I need hardly add that after a few days' rest in Bourke I did not hesitate to take the first coach to Bathuret and thence to the Murrumbidgee and eivilisation, trusting and devoutly praying that I might never again see such a fearful amount of suffering amongst men and stock. Thorosult of my sixto-four ohance on the game was a dead loss to me-forty head of valuable horses dead, nine mouths' hardships for nothing, and the best part of my small capital lost for over. The only way in which I derived any benefit from the transaction was a considerable amount of oxperience, sufficient to last for a lifetime. 