ia:n MUSINGS 'N THE :STARLIGHT, ORiION. it Among the manyconstellationswhich bespangle the noicturnal' heavens, Orion f nquestionably occupies the foremost placce-he," is prince, of them all. Be sids,.he .is a thorough cosmopolitan. 'Thie great bear is 'a fine group, but d ioe of hi 'bright stars, with the ex. t ception of one, come into view.in these latitudes. The Southern Cross is also 1 sgreatly famed configuration, but by friends'att ith'entipodes it is never seen. Orion is limited by no such liounds:". The wsandering tribes who ihhabit the dreary regions which border upointlhe two poles-to these and the peoples who dwell in every gradation of .latitude between, he is an old friend, being seen by them all., As is the case with many .of, the constellatiofis, le ;s nined after a hero of classical s ory. Orion, noted for his giant e stalure, his beahityind. his achievements instheih?e; b?e iieame passionatel"y qn ~amoured of: hierope, grand daughtef.if Bacchus. He seems however to have dis?laybd. a -waint 'of gallintry towards the maiden: and the result was that lhbr father, Oeneopion, wreaked his vengeance upon . him by putting out his eyes. 'By following'the directions of an oracle, the sightless giant regained his vision.' After' his death, the stories of which are conflicting, he was exalted among the stars. jOrion at present rises at sunset, and by nine.o'c:ock is well above the eastern" hdrizon; though'to us he preseitst the rather indignilied~dititudd of appearing to' be standing on his head. His form can easily be delineated: Three fain'isht stars in the shape of a very small triingle, mark his head; the most 1 northerlyof these beingnamedLambda, Betelgeux, alittle to the south east,isin s his left shoulder ; and Bellatrix, directly opposite to it, in a we~iteirly direction, marks his right shoulder. ' The three bright'stiirs, in a line is?ith'each other, form his belt, from which depends his scabbard, which is represented by three t stars plac.idclose together, and also arranged in lise. Further south, 'the veiy brilliant Rigel lies in his left ankle, and Kappa, to the ,east of, it; in, his right ktiee. ,; ijsny other stars within .his boundary are visible to the tinas sisted eye, and with slight. optical aid a their number may belargely increased I; for it is said. thatL., no. less .than ,twoo thousand have been seen by means of c a : binocular glass. 'Bellatrix,. like Aldebaran in the Bull, and'others,. I.i yellow. Gaze at'the stars in .ihe belt s for a few mdnients, through a field-glass, :and then suddenly at Betelgeux; the t change in colour from white to yellow; is strikingly apparent, ' The spectrum of the stats 'of which Betelgeux is ' a type, is very similar to that, of the sun. The centre of our system therefore is classed with the yelloiv stars. The beauty of many of the objects .in Orion :cannot be.brought out without 1 the ihelp of a telescope. ''A fev.iof these.Wvill now be indicated. Lambda " is a ddubld astar, and the 'components r are very close, but a telescope of, mode- c rate ' power. will divide ;thm?n. Rigel' also is double. ' The companion is: of s the eighth magnitude,'and owing to the, intenisebrilliancy of the primary, requires r a pretty good instrument ;to -show?it s well. ,.These two stars fornm a lbinary? system. The three stars in the belt, reading from west'to eiist, adre named I Delta,. Epsilon and Zeta. Deltais c double, and is a good object for a very c small telescope. Zeta is an example of t a very different. class. Italso'is ' a double star, and a:magnificent one:it is, I butl:it requires '. telescope .pf great r power to show the components dis tinctly. This will be better understood i when it is mentioned that the apparent distance between this fine pair is not so y miuchl as the space' between two consecutive inch , divisions : on: a foot rule'`" woild 'seem to 1be. at t a' distance of a mile. Zetap Orionis has a third companion situated abouti fifty seconds from the, nearer one; it is very (faint, bein'g sof the; tenth' naainitude. South of Epsilon, " and west-of the scabbard,'there'ie a'star I of tt.e third magnitude, named' Eta. o The.. commonest telescope! will' 'show 'it as 'a' double star; but when a very powiriul instrument is used, a second I companiua is. seen. It is so near to thei principaill stars:thet .'tlt "space n contained in the 'diameter ,of' the Beonall post "':offlee. elockr:!iould be apparently greater if it could 'Le seen, at a.distance'r ofa sixty iiilesý;'. thin the interval whiehirldies between ' Eta' Orionis andits. nearer attendant.' A little to, thersouthi,rof Zeta,; there i's a' moderately bright star inamed Sigas. An achiromatie of two inches will show bi it plainly nas; atriple'star,'ribut in an s instrumuent?: of : great 'light-graspingt 'i power;it is seen to be an oIdent of P nmarvellous beauty. Tie three botdies glitter' now 's thongli they were a trio of Ilirely jewels, a diamond, aeoie thystandi a sapphire." Close to the ''pincipal staris'a tin"antom ot light, visihle onlyin good teiescopes; itis of the feleventh nisagnitude. We now tii~noti'rfattention rto the aeabbirrd, in '*iiclditfe chielf istSresti.of thie con stella?sio ctiitrrs.' It oionsists ap parently of three stats. .The mnt sdutheirly osie isi simined Iot;:" 'Whien si'\e?d'd: in ' telescopec of luodnerate p'owsi'rit is seen to be triple, the com pinions bointg ·f '? t'itsr iseve'tli 'nid?l ninth miagnitudes. T'hoe miiddle star in a Ilthe scabbard is calle'dTlheta:. '":A i pretty good telescope shows it to con sist of four stars iiear togettihsi'in the forni of a rude square. There tare' to ,nore satirsih. tl~ nigroup' btit h. . y t tire po sxcredingly minute and faint tli~nit they can. be seone in none but instruments of great: pow'r ',indfinet' ,' quiality, such itas the niisi-iil refrac. tor in the. Melbourne Obir atior;. Tlheta is situisted in a dense- luminous ' li1kiR whiel' is ivisibleowithlibd'atile scope, 'but very 'ularkecd wbhen viewed through a binocularglass. This is the T, great nebula in Oiron, tle most famous object of its kind in the whole firma ment of heaven. When seen in a telescope of wide aperture it pre sents a spectacle of wondrous magnificence, Formerly it was supposed to consiSt of multitudes of :h stars, too remote to be dstinguishable in in the greatest telescopes thei In use. st Sir William Herschell, finding it to be e- irresolvable in his four-foot reflector, a. gave it as his opinion that it might be at gaseous, When Lord Ross' giant six x* foot speculum was finished, hopes were iC entertained that the nebula would be a resolvable in t,. But it fared with this y great telescope much the same as with it its celossal predece=ors. '"Fantastic h arms of silvery light," says Dr. Hugh 0 Macmillan - "streamers of luminous it mist, branching inextricably away- I E thinning off into the most delicate n gossamer films, and finally fading, into I, darkness almost imperceptibly ; 'isol e ated patches of more vivid brilliancy, i lying as. it vere on the shore of night, I Swith huge caverns of absolute blackness t and emptiness dug out through the I s phosphorescent mass'; these were the 1 I- st~ingg features. which this splendid f shield-ofsky-blasodiery presented to the fiele.t .tiltscopes'. 'bf the past day. 'When the spectroscope was invented, t Sir William Herschell's surmise was con Stirmed. The nebula is gaseous, hy drogen and nitrogen existing in it, but 5 at such . fierce temperature as to be I incandescent. The. extent of this I nebula is something almost bewildering I to contemplate. It has been traded through five degrees of space. If it 0 I were no further off than the. nearest " 'star, therefore, it would measure, from S one extremity to the other, eighteen thousand times the distance which intervenes between the. earth and the L sun-this latter interval subtending, as or I was shownin a formerpaper,a littleunder Iti one second of arc at the nearest fixed star. But this star.is .within a mere a stone's throw of us; compared with the distance of the nebula. It is known sk , that Galileo carefully.- examined th a Orion with his newly-Invented tele. scope, which magnified thirty diameters; yet he makes no mention whatever of 53 the nebula, which was` seen, however, in.s6s8. It. is thought :consequently A that the light of the nebula had very , probably -rot: reached the earth in a Galileo's day.' The question suggested by this :is nearly overpowering, in its vastness. On 'gazing at Orion, as he I appears in. atelescope, we; are' favored With'` a peep into one of the secret C 'places of Nature's laboratory, or r-ther of the work-shop of the Divine Arti ficer. .The light, as we see it, is that of' the, priimordiall elements of which t sidereal'universes are fashioned. Since that light started on its mighty journey, the material from which it emanated hlas perhaps; Ideveloped iinto `i galaxy, more extenisive'and magnificent IF than the starry zone which encircles our th skies,,and looks -on a dark. night like' H ."the ghost of a rainbow." And when all the orbs of our system, and the sun i himself, are reduced to cold masses of t lifeless -matter, and'are.,drifting like S'derelicts in thhe dceaii iof space, other T i planetary. systems, -without numbeir,. may exist in the iegions now apparcntly \- occupied by the great nebula in Orion, I and teeming with life and intellectual f activity. And then the reflection comes back to us, as it often must to every reverent and, believing student of the starry skies,,if the sidereal empiire, be one of suich vast immensity, how infinite must be the wisdom and power of. the Maker and Ruler of it ! " Lift up youi Ti eyes'oni high and behold who hath created these things, that bringeth out their hosteby number': He calleth them rc 'all by namies, by the greatness of His might, for that He is strong in power ; not one faileth." 