LOCAL NEWS. Technical School Picnic.-The resident master in charge at the Technical School (Mr. J. A. Hollings) gave a very enjoyable picnic, on Wed- nesday last, to the junior art students. The youngsters, iu number about thirty, assembled at the School, in Freechurch-street, at 9.30 a.m., and were all stowed away in a vehicle, and a particularly spanking team, gaily decorated, driven by Mr. Markham, conveyed them in very quick time to Mr. Cummings' paddock, at Oakhampton, where a site was chosen in the shade of some large cedar trees on the river bank. On arrival every exertion was made by the masters of the school (Messrs. F. Coles, J. S. Gillies, and G. Yeates) to entertain the guests. All kinds of games, including bathing, the most enjoyable of all, were indulged in, and the lads had a thoroughly good time. In the evening the party got back into High-street in the middle of the storm, singing very merrily, " Wait till the clouds roll by," and the rain ceasing soon after everyone reached home dry-shod. Much credit íb due to the resident master (Mr. J. A. Hollings) and his capable staff of assistants for the mannet in which this outing was conducted, and we feel eure that holidays spent in this manner are productive of much good, for they tend to increase the already kindly feeling existing between teachers and pupils. . Wo learn that the work done by the pupils of the West Maitland Technical School this year is quite up to the standard, and tends to prove that our Technical Schools can hold their own against the big guns of the metropolis or elsewhere. Undoubtedly, if painstaking and laborious supervision, and cloBe attention to dutieB, are necessary factors (and we say they are) in the success of any educational institution, then, under the presidency of Mr. Jas. A. Hollings, the West Maitland branch of the Technical Schools must prosper. Mr. Hollings and his assistants, together with their pupils, are grateful to Mr. Chas. Cummings for placing his splendid grounds at their disposal. Good Value.-Attention ia directed to a very large assortment of first-class cutlery, shown in J. Hart's window, High-street. West Maitland, oE special value, bought by our London buyere. A full sample now on view at lowest wholesale prices Orders per post speciallv solicited.-Advt. Gunnedah Stock Movements.-Passings : Dec. 29th, 800 store cattle from Wealwandangie (Q.), to Muswellbrook, Bacon and Co. agents ; Dec. 30th., 150 fat cattle, Banghitt to Flemington ; 4500 store sheep, Tambua, (Q.), auction, Gunnedah, Bacon and Co., agent. Truckings, none to report. A Maitland Boy's Honorable Career.-Last year it was cur pleasing task to note the aucceas at the Sydney Univeraity of a Maitland boy, Master Percy Waddy. We have now a similar pleasure. It may have been observed that among the degrees conferred at the recent examination was that of B.A. earned by Master Arthur Prentice. This young student is the eldest son of Mr, J. D. | Prentice, and is only eighteen years of age. His scholastic career furnishes an excellent example of the thoroughnesa of the work done, where the student co-operates, in our schools.- Master Prentice began in the West Maitland Superior Public School, under Mr. A. D. Mackenzie, and passed thence in 1885 to the High School for Boys, of which Mr. J. B. Waterhouse, M.A., was then bead master. While a High School boy, Master Prentice passed the University Junior Examination in six subjects in 1886 ; next yetr, 1887, he passed the Senior examination in nine subjects, and also received the University gold medal for geology, thus excelling in this subject all the seniors of that year. In 1889 he matriculated, and haB passed successfully through the three years' courses. As indicating the special bent of his faculties, we may say that he is placed first in the list in the flrst- claBs honours in geology. In "his second year ho graduated in French, philosophy, history, and geology. It will be seen that Master Prentice's progress bas been rapid, and it augurs well for the excellence of our system of education, that one who in 1881 was a public school boy should at the end of 1891 be a Bachelor of Arts in the highest educational estab- lishment of the country. Master Prentice is a Maitland born boy, as also is hiB father, and we congratulate both and their fellow-townsmen too upon the sterling honours the young man has won. A Novbi. Streak of American Htjmoub. E\'ery newspaper reader must have been struck with the poverty of invention which American humorista discover. For many years they have rung the chances on three or fonr tepios. But Mr. James L. Ford has earned the gratitude of his countrymen by striking out a new line. In a volume entitled Hypnotic ITales this fresh vein is specially noticeable in two articles entitled-" The Bunco-Steerer's Christmas" and " John Copper tug's Fall and Reformation," respectively a Sunday-school story and a temperance tale told backwards, as it was were, with delightful effect. The former tells how the pour buneo-stëorer (or confidence-man) retama home empty- handed and dispirited on Christmas Eve, having failed to catch a victim after a hard day's work, how he falls sick and his interesting family realize that their Christmas will be a sad one, until Little Willie, the hope of the horasehold, goes out and persuades a noble-hearted Hayseed to allow him- self to be buncoed. "John Coppertug's Fall" relates how that kind father and indulgent hus- band-kind and indulgent alwayé save when de- prived of his needed quantity of strong drink allowa himself to yield to his evil cravings, and tampers with the pernicious ice-water, to the des truction of his nobler and truer self. In " John Copportujr's Reformation," however, we rejoice to see, the erring soul is redeemed through the tn I fluence of bis golden-hairod daughter, who, being j Rent out to rush the growler for the sorrow stricken family, finds her father in the bar-room, and, by a tender and pathetic appeal to a heart not all hardened, induced him to change his order from lemon-soda to old rye with a squirt of bitters in it. The Lighthouse is a blessing to all searaen. The Lighthouse Kerosene Oil is a blessing to all lands- men. Gives most light. Saves the ey^s. 7796 Oatsíeal Drinks.-The prsportions are £lb of oatmeal to two or three quarts of water, according to the heat of the day and the work and thirst ¡ It should be well boiled, and then los. or l^oz, of brown sugar added. If you find it thicker than you li Je, add three quarts of water. Before drinking it shake up the oatmeal well through the liquor. St. Mary's Parish Card.-In pursuance of their usual practice, the authorities of St. Mary's Church have issued a parish card. A copy is before us. The motto is "The law of the Spirit of life in Christ Jeäus hath made me free from the law of sin and death." A text for the New Year is given Rom. viii, 1 and 4. Underneath it ia printed a hymn founded on Col. iii. 3, " Your life is hid with Christ in God." The middle Bpace is taken with a meditation for 1892 from the pen of the incum- bent, a3 follows : " 1892 ! Another journey in the milestone of life to mark our nearer approach to the inevitable end, and yet not the end but rather the entrance upon a higher stage of life where the years shall be blended with eternity. Another blessed oppor- tunity for usefulness and service in the Master's vineyard, in which we can each one of us work for the advancement of Híb Kingdom and the glory of His Name, since to each one He has said, ' Occupy till I come.' With a cheerful, thankful heart, re- membering HÍ3 past mercies, let us in a hopeful spirit enter upon the New Year, trusting that He ' without Vi horn nothing is strong, nothing is holy ' may crown our labours with His own un- speakable blessing." A series of good resolutions, a motto from Gal. vi., 14, and a text, Pa. xxxry.. 7-8, complete tho contents of this card. It will be distributed to-morrow in the church. To Housekeepers.-A new white metal is now employed io the manufacture of spoons and forks that has taken the place of all others on board the largo English Mail Steamers, the advantage gained being, that they are finished equal to silver, are white throughout and there being nothing to wear oil, remain so, they do not stain or corrode, and are easier to clean than other. J. Habt, Jeweller West Maitland, has the sole right and by direct importation from the patentee offers them at the wholesale prices, viz., Table Spoons and Forks 12s. Dessert 10s, Tea Spoons 6s per dozen. These with our best Double refined steel Dinner and Breakfast Knives from 9s to 12s per doz. make a table look equal to the best in the land. 3000 To-morrow's Services in St. Mart's Church. It will be seen by advertisement elsewhere that at St. Mary's Church to-morrow the collections morn- ing and evening will be devoted to that worthiest of diocesan objects, the Clergy "Widows' and Orphans' Fund. Holy Communion will be ad- ministered at the eleven o'clock service, and special sermons will be preached by the incumbent, the Rev. W. H. H. Yarrington, M.A. The subject of the morning sermon will be "A New Tear's Homily," of the evening sermon, "The Incarna- tion." At these services mission hymns will be sung and special music rendered. Up to Time.-It is most important to all owners of good Watches to know that many watches are ruined in repairing, through the repairer not having a proper assortment of materials made specially for them. J. Habt, West Maitland, im- ports all the requisite materials direct from the makers, and thereby avoids all makeshifts. Firsts class work guaranteed ; prices moderate. Repair kept in strong room for safekeeping. Work per post receives prompt attention. Registered post from all parts of the colony, 7«' 367 Ladt Carringt6n's Gift to Sick Children - It has been the custom for the last few years at the Prince Alfred Hospital to invite children to save their pocket-money to purchase a simple Christmas gift for a patient. A few days before Christmas the hon. secretary of the hospital received a very kind letter from Lady Carrington, saying " That her children, wishing to send a (JhristmaB gift, as usual, to the children's ward of the Prince Alfred Hospital, had decided to make ' The old woman who lived in a shoe, who had so many ehildrec. she didn't know what to do.' It was entirely their own idea, prompted by the nursery rhyme. They had taken the greatest interest in the work, had selected and purchased the dolls themselves, and assisted in the packing. They sent it with their very hearty Christmas greetings." The parcel was found to have been so carefully packed that the old woman and her numerous family were ia perfect order. ' Her children being of all ages, some are very small, but the varied taste of their dresses and | excellence of the work indicate the great care and kind thought bestowed upon them. The shoe was made from one piece of wood by Lord Carrington's carpenter, and is an admirable imitation of a white leather shoe. The family party in the shoe has been placed under a glass shade, and will Btand on the table in the centre of the ward. Intending visitors to Sydney should arrange to stay at the Metropolitan Hotel, King street. 9025 St. Paul's Chukoh.-In Memoriam Service. It will be observed from an advertisement in another column that the evening service at St. Paul's Church, West Maitland to-morrow (Sunday) will be one in memoriam of the Rev. A. A. Maclaren, whose sad death we recorded in our last issue. Christmas Entertainment-A good audience assembled on Wednesday evening in the Wesleyan School Hall. The programme consisting of the rendering of Dickens' Christmas Carol, " Marley'« Ghost," by the Rev. C. E. James, illustrated by a number of life-like transparencies shown by a powerful lantern. The evening's entertainment con- cluded with the exhibition of some snow scenes, cloud effects, and other picture's of a pleasing de- scription. ' Snakes.-We hear from many quarters that snakes are very numerous this year. During the post few days several have been seen in the neighbourhood of Campbell's Hill. Mr. Sweeney, who is employed on the Wollombi Road, Also tells us that he has dispatched no less than thirty-two reptiles in his district in the course of a few weeks. Cricket.-The following will represent the 2nd Albiona againat the 2nd East Maitland, to-day, on the Albion Ground, at 2.15 p.m. sharp, for the Junior badges :-H. Harden, B. Rose, W. Ross, J. Scobie, H. Hayley, J. McCaffrey, R. Thompson, E. Colyer, R. Watson, W. Howell, J. Pedder, H. Jacob (12), W. Thompson (13). A Fact.-When talking to most people, they argue that goods in general in Maitland are as cheap as they ever will be. That is not the case, as one firm in town are now proving. They have just opened a marvellous line of Ladies' Black Satin Parasols, which the firm, Messrs. Goulston & Co., are now selling at 1b Gd each. 6000 Heavy Thunderstorm.-It was thought, after the storm of Wednesday evening, that the weather would be cooler ¡ but Thursday was terribly hot, till the afternoon, when a storm came up about four o'clock. The lightning was remarkably vivid and the thunder loud. It was accompanied by heavy rain for an hour and a-half or two' hours. Some of the "thunderclaps were ao loud and ao instantaneous with the lightning that fears were entertained that some damage must have been occasioned by it. Such proved in fact to be the case. Mr. James Hamilton, of the Cross Keys Hotel, had a valuable howe killed by the electric fluid. The animal, a grey pony, the especial property of his daughter, was grazing with another horse in a paddock on the East Maitland Road, and waa killed instantly. The courae of the electric fluid could be distinctly traced by a sinped hair line from the shoulder, one 8treak down one of the fore leirs, and another along the belly and down each of the hind legs. The animal wan feeding at the time, as its mouth, when found, was full of grass, and it died without a struggle, one of the hoofB Btill resting partly in the track where it had been standing. Mr. Hamilton had the previous week been offered a good price for the animal, but could not sell it, as it belonged to his daughter. Another flash of lightning played some freakB in the yard at the rear of Sheathor'a Royal Hotel. In the yard was a wire clothes line on posts and then fastened to the slab fence on the Rose-street boundary. The eleotric fluid seems to have been attracted by the metal, for it ran down one of the posts into the yard, and another part seems to have followed the wire to the fence, tearing a track down the outside of it from the top so the ground, and hurling the splinters of timber into the residence of Mrs. Conroy, on the opposite side of the street. A young girl was in the passage in the house, and she was struck deaf for about half-au-hour. People in other houses in ¿he neighbourhood also felt the effects of the shock, one man describing it as burning his foot, the heat being felt for a con- siderable time. We have not heard of any .further damage. The rain was very welcome, and it re- j mained cloudy yesterday. J Honestt Rewarded.-A few days since a lady resident of West Maitland had occasion to do some shopping at Savidge and Little's. The lady took a cab, driven by Duke, and at the conclusion of the journey drew from a rctieale ¡n her hand the sum demanded for the fare. Subsequently Duke, who had to take up another prasenger, a stranger, dis- covered the reticule, which he returned to the owner. It contained a goodly sum of money and articles amounting in valuo to over .£40. It i i need- less to say that Duke was duly rewarded for his sterling honesty. Padebewski.-Now that we have the news by cable that this «minent pianist is about to visit our shoreB, it will bo interesting to the Maitland people to read the following : " At the Poliah Theatre, 01 Lemberg, 1 have become acquainted with your grand piano, the quality of which is perfectly excellent, and I am glad of the opportunity of congratulating you (Herrn L. Ñeufeld), the maker of such excellent pianos." The above was received from Herrn L. Neufeld, by J. Hart, West Maitland, who has the í ole right for the Northern district, for the sale of these instruments. Buyers will find in his show rooms one of the largest assortments to be seen any whero in the colony, at wholesale prices. -Advt. Fall over the Cliffs at Newcastle.-Yes- terday afternoon, a serious accident happened at Newcastle. A little girl, name unknown, by some mischance fell over the cliffs at the reserve, New- castle, nearly coming on to the pathway near the ladies' bathing place before her downward progress was stopped. She was insensible when picke'a up and conveyed by two young men to the hospital evidently suffering from some internal injuries, as she was bleeding from the mouth and elsewhere. She was received and attended to. But up to the time our informant left she was not able to give her name or the place of her abode. 