TEE CIIAMBER-MAID'S STORY. By iiKOKGK R. Suts, Author of "The Dagonrt Ballads, Lights o' London,' " Talcs of To-day,' &u; My chamber-maid at the Hotel, Scarborough, was a nice, motherly, middle-aged voiuan. I like motherly, middle-aged women for chamber-maids. They know their basinets better and they answer the bell quicker than young, flighty chamber- maids. And they are not bo fond of reading the letters you leave about you, and prying into your private affairs. The buiap of curiosity is strongly developed in some women, and you find striking examples of the length to which female curiosity will go in hotels, lodging-houses, and places where they let apartments. 1 stayed for a fortnight once in private apartments in Broadstairs, and when I left I recommended them to a friend of mine. He took them later on in the season without saying that they had been recommended to him by any one. The landlady was a gossip— the kind of landlady that comes in herself to clear away the tea things, and stands at the door for naif an hour with the tray in her band, while she tells you her trials and troubles, and throws in an anecdote or two concerning her former lodger. I suffered considerably from this kind of landlady in my early days when hotels were beyond my means, and when I had to be content with two rooms in an unfashionable 'quarter. It is only fair to say that in after life I turned my sufferings to good account, and used up a lot of material that had been supplied by lodging-house keepers. My friend, who took my old apartments aft Broadstairs, was full of bis adventures when be metme again. He assured me that he had leamt more about me in one week than he had leamt in all the ten years he had known me. Hi8 informant waB the landlady. She had furnished him with a fulL true and particular account of a lodger she had had earlier in the season—a lodger who was always ^writing and walking up and down the room', •ad mattering to himself, and she had grave misgivings that he had a crime on his conjsraence, because, one day ehe picked up a sheet {taper hebftd left on the table, and it was •ill about a robbery or something. She fancied ber lodger had begun vrite a cofifessida of what he had &hd; then thought better of lor »he put the paper back and the next day tne found U all torn and " scrobbled up" in the prastepaper basket. With an utter lack of J»fi?i4wfttwn the landlady gave my teal name, and' furthermore furnished my friend with choice extracts from some of my private letters, and wound -up by saying: " I wonder what he could have been, sir, I'm sure there was somethingwrong about him." I have a friend, a celebrated novelist, whose housemaid for years read every letter that he left on his table, and a good many that he put •way in the pigeon-holes of his desk, and when, in foonsequenoe of having {stayed out till 1 o'clock in the morning on a Bank holiday, she •received notioe, her temper got the better of her discretion, and-die gave her astonished master a "bit of her mind," and referred to vaaious matters which she could only have become acquainted with by a very close study of his-correspondence. Hotel servants .are "not bo inquisitive as private Servants and lodging-house servants.' -•they have nob the Bame opportunity for minutely investigating; hut even in hotels there are chamber-maids who want to know at the guests, and who chatter among \- themselves concerning No. 157, No. 63, or JiTo. 316, and speculate as to his profession, his . financial ..position, and his moral qualities. Chamber-maids in large hotels have some curionsexperiences, and as the records of the Lnr Courts plainly show they are close observers, and are able months, sometimes years, afterwardB to identify parties, and to favour the Court with detailed statements " worthy of a detective or a paid spy. Let me hasten to remove the impression . that I wish to be " down" on chamber-maids. .As a whole I look upon them as very worthy and decidedly useful members of the community. But I still prefer, when I am staying • .for any length of time at an hotel, to have a chamber-maid who has passed her first youth \-- and-^settled down into ft staid and piatronly •• sort of pen>on. Such a chamber-maid was "Agnes," who, a Sew yeus ago, when for some five days I had to keep my room at the Hotel, Scarborough, showed me the greatest kindness and consideration, gave me my medicine, and, like a good kind-hearted woman endeavoured to cheer me up and amuse me whenever she came in to tidy up the room, or to see how I was (getting on, or to enquire if I wanted anything. It was one morning while she was dusting my room that she told me the story which I mm about to relate. I had been (not entirely without a view to copy) asking her questions : as to her experiences as a chamber-maid, and * after telling me one or two incidents in her professional oareer, she informed me that the most curious experience she had ever had in her life was while she was a chamber-maid at •one of the big London hotels much frequented '' fcy people on their way to the Continent. \- "I've, seen people arrested there," said .. AgneB, " nioe, quiet people, that you would -never haveeuspected-of anything wrong; and X'veseen runaway couples stopped jost as they •were ooming downstairs to go off by the Continental muL There's always something or Other happening in a big hotel, but of all the ..extraordinary affairs that ever came under my notice tbe most terrible was one that happened almost a year before I left. I was the head chambermaid on the third floor then, and had, of course, to look generally after all the rooms, and see that everything was right. One day we received a letter from the country, ordering a suite of rooms to be reserved for a newly married couple on a certain date. " The bride and bridegroom were coming tip ' to London on their way to spend their honeymoon abroad, and they would break the journey at our hotel, going on by the Continental train the next day. "The housekeeper came up to me with the . letter and gave me inatrustionB to get a suite onmy floor ready, and to see that everything -was in proper onier. The bridegroom had been a constant visitor at the hotel in hia bachelor days, and the Manager was anxious that everything should be made as comfortable i • lor him and the young lady as possible. "As soon as I had received my orders I began to execute them, and I had the rooms .thoroughly turned out, and everything dusted : and rearranged. I put dean -curtains at the windows, and womanlike, always feeling -interested in bridals and honeymoons, I took extra palna to make the rooms look cheerful and pretty, and I think I succeeded. "The following evening, about an hour before the young couple were to arrive, I went in and gave a last look round to see that every* thing was right, and just went over the mantlepiece myself with a duster and gave the furniture a flick here and there where the dust, that no power on earth can keep out of a London mom, had settled down again. "Satisfied that everything was in perfect order, I closed the door and went to give some instructions to one of the girls about lighting a fire in a room at the end of the corridor, which was always a fearful nuisance to us when a fire was wanted in it. But so sure as we were full ' tip, and that room had to be given to a visitor, the visitor would want a fire lit in it. It seemed just as if it was to be. It became a joke all over the hotel at last. "Whenever a message came up that No. C3 was let, we always used to Gay, ' Of course there's a fire wanted,' and, upon my word, it \- really always was so. " The girl, whose business it was to light the fire, passed me in the corridor. " 1 Oh,' I said to her,' I was coming to see you about No. (S3. He sure to have the window open and the door open, when you light the fire.' "'I've got 'em open,' she said, 'but the wind's the wrong way or something, and the fire won't light at all.' " 'Oh, nonsense,' I said, ' I'll come and see to it.' "We went back together and into the room. The gentleman whoVI taken it was already there. He was standing with his hands in his pockets, looking at the fireplace, and be ceemed the picture of misery. ''•Poor young fellow !' I said to myself, 'he looks ill and unhappy and wants cheering up. This is not the sort of room to make him feel at home anyway.' " * Jf you could do without a fire, sir,' I said, * it would be better. We always have a trouble with this fireplace. I am sorry to say it smokes.' '"I must have a fire,' said the young gentleman. ' If I can't have one here give me another room.' " * I'm afraid we're full up, sir,' I said, 'but IH go and see what can be done if you don't mind waiting a little.' "Ireally was sorry for the poor young f entleman, he looked 60 utterly wretched, and couldn't bear to thmk of him ill, as he evidently was, shut up in that dreaful Xo. i;3, Jialf-Buffocated all night. There's nothing, I think, makes one feel so miserable as a room full of smoke, especially when you're away from home and alone. " Leaving thegirl to struggle with the tiro, I went downstairs to the housekeeper's room to see if there was a chance of putting the young gentleman anywhere else, if it was only for the night. As luck would have it a telegram had jest been received from a gentleman who was to have come from Scotland that nipht, _ He had missed his train, and wouldn t be in London till the following evening. The room reserved for him wob on the fourth floor, immediately over the sitting-room on the third Moor, which we were keeping for the newly married pair. "Havingobtained permission I went back to the young gentleman in No. <33, and told tiim that if he did not mind we would give Jiima rown on th? fourth floor, No. 217, where , ! he could nave a hie and be comfortable. I explained t<i him, however, that he would have to be moved on the following day if he intended staying on. "'Thank you very much,' he said, 'that will do very well. I shall not want the room after to morrow.' " I called one of the porters and told him to take the gentleman's portmanteau up to 217, and then I went to the cha nber-maid for the fourth floor, and asked her to get a fire lighted at once. " When I came downstairs the newly married couple had just arrived, and were being shown to their rooms. " I took in the warm water myself, and had an opportunity of seeing the young lady. Sha was very pretty, I thought, and she looked quite a picture in her lovely travelling-dress. "The bridegroom was a tall handsome gentleman, but much older than the young lady. I'd seen him several times at the hotel, and so, of course, I knew him. I should say he was about forty- five, and she couldn't have been more than nineteen. It was about 7 o'clock when they came, and they ordered dinner for S o'clock. Of course it was known among all the servants on the floor that they were a newly married couple. It would have been even if we hadn't been told beforehand. " You can trust hotel servants fot knowing a honeymoon when they see one. Plenty of brides and bridegrooms like to pretend that they've been married ever so long, especially at the very first, but they never deceive us. I remember a private sitting- room waiter telling me a story of a newly married couple once, who. when he went into the sitting-room at breakfast time, began to talk to each other in a way to make him believe they'd been married for years. But when the young lady was pouring out the tea, and said to her husband— 'How many lumps of sugar do you take, dear?' he had all his work to prevent himself from grinning. Qe did smile, and the poor young things went quite scarlet both of them, and he went out of tne room and had a good laugh all to^iimself in the service-room, and, of course, told it to everybody sea good joke. Men have no sympathy with young married people, they're not like women-folk in these matters. "Ofoourse I had no opportunity of seeing the bride and bridegroom again for some time. Bat the sitting-room waiter told us they seemed nice people, and the young lady was full of spirits. " J went diyftnstairs t 0 supper at 10 o'cloet, SM Was back on duty again soon after 10.30. I had oue or two things to see to, and when I had finished I sat down to do a little needlework. " It must have been 'nearly 11 o'clock when a bell rang violently. The waiter for the floor had gone downstairs for his supper, so I went into the service-room and saw that it was the sitting-room bell of the bride and bridegroom. While I was looking at the indicator, the bell rang again, this time more violently stilL I rail along the corridor to the room and knocked at the door. " 1 Come in—come in,' cried a man's voice, and I went in and there I saw the poor young bride in a chair and her husband bending over her. -'"Some water, quick J' he cried—'she's fainted.' "Iran into the bedroom and brought some water and a towel, and bathed her face. " ' Is anything the matter, sir ?' I said. " * Yes '.' he exclaimed, r it's terrible. I wouldn't have had such a thing happen for the world. Look, don't you see V " He pointed to her hands where they lay quite helpless in her lap. "On one hand—the hand that wore the wedding ring—was a big, bright drop of blood. It had fallen right on the wedding ring, and stained her hand as well. *"Oh dear,' I cried, feeling quite faint myself, 'What is it?' " ' I don't know,* he said, ' I can't understand it. It's the most awful thing I ever knew in my life.' y He seemed quite terrified himself, and'certainly it was a dreadful thing, especially to anybod v who was at all superstitious or who believed in omens. "I took the towel and dipped it in the water and wiped the bloodstain from the poor young lady's hand. Presently she opened her eyes and looked about her. " 'Are you better, my darling ?' her husband said, stooping over her, and touching her forehead with her lips. "'Yes, I'm better, dear,' she-said, 'but it waa so dreadful 1 Oh, what does it mean, what does it mean ?' "She glanced down at her hand with a look of horror in her eyes, and when she saw that the blood had been removed she gave a deep sigh of relief. " Seeing she was a little better, I got up off my knees—I had been kneeling beside her— and went back into the bedroom with the water. " I was a little bit dazed myself, for I couldn't understand how that drop of bright ted blood could have pot on thepoordear's hand. " I was just putting the tumbler down on the wasfastand when I heard a shriek from the bride, followed by a cry from the bridegroom. I ran back into the sitting-room, and there I found them both standing with terrified faces. " They couldn't speak, but the bridegroom pointed to his wife's hand. "It was stained with blood again. "'It has dropped upon lier hand—this moment!' cried the gentleman, * I saw it, I saw it—with my own eyes.' "'Dropped: I exclaimed, 'where, where from? " I saw the gentleman look up at the ceiling. My eyes followed his, and then I felt as if I should go through the floor. On the ceiling above was a dark moist patch, and slowly dripping from it were drops of blood. "'1 can't stop here,' wailed the poor young bride. * Take me away, take me away.' 'My dear young lady,' I said, tryrne to soothe her, * don't be frightened. Nothing can hurt you here.' " I don't know why I said it, but I felt I must say something. " The gentleman s face was very pale, and I could see he was trembling. He was terribly upset, and who could wonder at it ? " I think he guessed that something awful had happened up above. I did. and it had come upon me all at once who was in that room. It was the young gentleman who had looked so ill and miserable, and who had wanted a fire in 63. "' Tate her in the D6xt room, sir," I whispered, 'She won't see it there, and I'll go and find out what it means.' "'No—no, 3 she cried. * I can't—I won't stay here. Oh, it is too horrible, and on my wedding day—on my wedding day.' "She wrung her hands and then put them over her face. " And there on her hand—the hand with the wedding-ring—was still that terrible blood stain, "I could not stand it any longer. I felt as if I should go off myself, so I made a desperate effort and got out of the room, and ran downstairs to the Manager. V Something dreadful's happened, sir, and it's in No. 217. Please go at once. There's blood dripping through the ceiling of No. 13.' "' Good heavens !" exclaimed the Manager. ' What do you mean'!' & " He, was at supper when I told him, and he started up quite horrified. "' Please come at once, sir. The poor young lady's seen it, and she's in a terrible way.' " The Manager went up the stairs at once, and I followed him as fast as I could. On the first floor he met one of the porters and he told J him to come with us, and we all three went up on to the fourth floor, and the Manager went straight to No. 217 and knocked at the door. " There was no answer. • " The chamber- maid on the floor had come up seeing something was the matter, and .she gave the Manager her master-key. ' He put it in the door and turned it, but tlio door did not open. ' It was bolted on the inside. •'Go and get something at once,' the Manager said to the p.-rter ; 'we must break the door open. 7 i.' It seemed an hour while we waited outside that door for the man to fetch his ools. "' You're sure it's blood ?' the Manager said to me. " ' Oh yes, sir, X could see it by the etain on the ceiling, and some of it had dropped on to the young lady's hand.' "'What an awful thing'.' he excl&imed.; ' Who's in here, do you know?' '"Yes, sir. It's a young gentleman who came this afternoon, acd we put him into G3 first, and moved him up here because of the smoke. He would have a fire !' " ' I'm afraid it's a case of suicide.' "'It's something dreadful, sir, I'm sure, or the blood couldn't have soaked thrjugh like that: " Presently the porter came back, but it was a long job and a hard job to eefc that door open—the bolt held so firmly, but at last it went with a terrific crash, and then we all stood outside, and peered into the room. " There was no light, but the fire was still burning brightly, and by the glow it ca9t over the room we saw something was lying on the floor. "The chamber maid brought a light, and the Manager went in first, and knelt down by the 'something.' " He had sent for the doctor directly I'd tcld him about the blood, and at that moment the doctor came up with the sub-manager. " The doctor went in and looked at the body while the light was held up for him. " ' He's dead," he said, and the words almost made my heart stand still, though I had expected them. "The poor young fellow had gashed his throat in a frightful way, and was lying in a )xiol of blood on the floor. " I was in the room while they examined the body, but 1 could't look at it. I turned my back and looked at the fireplace. There was a lot of burnt paper on the hearth, anil sm e hi's of torn-up letters and envelopes that hadn't fallen into the fire. I "The young fellow had been burning his lettersjind papers. . "I knew then why he was so particular about having a fire in his room. "Thedoctor finished his examination, and then he got up and turned to the Manager. '"It's a case of suicide,' he said, 'doyou know anything about him ":' " ' No—we've never seen him before—he only came this afternoon. ' "' Well, you'd better not let anything be touched to-night. Nothing can be done for him. You'll send for the police at once':' j " ' Of course 1' "' Then, until they come you'd better lock up the room, aud leave everything as it is. 111 come down and sit in your room and wait for the police if you like.' "'Yes,' said the Manager, 'that will be best. I've been here ten years, and this is the first case of suicide we've had in the hotel. "As soon as we were all outside the Manager pulled the door to, but it wouldn't lock. He had forgotten that it had been burst open. " I see,' said the doctor, ' You can't lock it up. You'd better pnt a man outside then to see that nobody goes in. He must remain there till the police come.' to rvf-gj J "So the porter was put on guard outside, and we all went along the corridor, looking veiy scared and frightened, as you can imagine, except the doctor, and of course doctors never look scared at anything, they take it all as a matter of business. " I had been so horrified at seeing the young fellow lying there dead that everything else had gone out of my head, but when wc prat to the top of the stairs I remembered the young lady, and all at once I thought perhaps it would be only right if the doctor were to see her. "I spoke to the Manager and he turned to the doctor at once. ""Doctor,'he said, 'there are very painful circumstances connected with this unhappy business. It seems, at least so the chambermaid tells me, that blood must have dropped through into the room below.' '"I don't wonder at that,' said the doctor, * there's quite a pool on the floor.' "' Unfortunately the room below is occupied by a newly-married couple, and the blood ha3 fallen on the young lady. The chamber-maid tells me she is terribly upset. I think, perhaps, you had better see her.' Certainly I win, fni t don't think, usuer the circumstances, it will be advisable to tell her the truth.' "'No, not if you can help it.' "' I'll see ho v she is and try to reassure her Eomehow. Where 19 sho -^ " '111 take you tc her,' I said. The poor young lady fainted, and I left her almost beside herself, and no wonder for the blood was on her hands. " 'Dear me,' said the doctor, his face looking quite grave, "and. her wedding night too. Poor thing, why it's enough to turn her brain.' "I led the way to No. 13, and knocked at the dcor, and without waiting for an answer, opened it and said,' If you please, sir, here's our doctor, in case the young lady would like to see him.' " Then I pulled the door to again, for I had had enough of horrors, and went to sit in the service-room with two of the waiters, " I wanted to be with somebody, for I felt too upset and nervous to be alone. " The waiters were full of it, as anything of that sort soon goes all over an hotel, and they wanted to know all about it, but I said £ couldn't talk of it. It had upset me too much, but I told them there was no doubt that the young fellow in No. 217 had killed himself, ana that he was quite dead. " The doctor was with the young lady quite half an hour. He passed me on his way downstairs, and I asked him how she was, and if there was anything I could do. " 'She's a little better now,' he said, 'but of course very much upset. I've persuaded her that it is only some one who has met with an accident and lost a quantity of blood, and although it was a very unpleasant experience there is nothing for her to take to heart or to be alarmed at, but I called the husband on one side and told him the truth, and he thinks it better they should go to another hotel.' •"Well, sir,'I said, 'under the circumstances it will -be, perhaps. It would be a dreadful tbing for her to know that at the very beginning of her married life there was a suicide's body lying above her.' *' 'Yes, that's a woman's way of looking at it, no doubt. You can go if you like and see it you can help them to pack and put their things together. I'm going to ask the Manager to send out and get them rooms in another hotel, eo that they have no bother.' " I could see that the doctor was really sorry for the poor bride and bridegroom, and who could help toeing under the circumstances. " I went in and helped to pack the things they had unpacked, and they were very grateful. I could see they were both awfully shocked and worried, ana hardly knew what they were doing. " Presently the Manager came up and said hehad got rooms forthem atanother hotel near, and we got all the luggage down and put it on a cab, and then they came down and drove away. " It was past midnight when they went, and as I watched them going down the great staircase, the poor girl trembling and holding on to her husband's arm for support, and he as white as a ghost, I couldn't help thinking myself that it was about as unhappy a beginning to a honeymoon as their worst enemy, if they had one, could have wished far them. "Of course the police were very soon in the hotel, and had taken possession of the room where the suicide lay. I didn't hear anything more that night, for I was tired out and upset, and glad to go to bed when it came to my turn to go off duty, and the next morning when I got up I heard the body had been taken away in the night to the mortuary, and that an inquest was to be held on it. " Of course I was called at the inquest to give my evidence, .and it was then I heard all about the poor young gentleman. " His friends had been found and communicated with, and it seems that the young gentleman had been disappointed in love, and nad been very strange in his manner and very desponding for some time, but nobody thought he meant to kill himself. " His brother, who was one of the witnesses, stated that he had been in love with a young lady who had not returned his affection, and this young lady had recently married, and that seemed to have preyed upon his mind very much. 'In fact,' said the brother, 'he killed himself on the very day that the marriage took place.' " A good deal of evidence was given by the doctor and others, and the Jury brought in a verdict of temporary insanity. "After the case was over I saw our Manager go away with the brother, and they were talking together. Of course I went back to the hotel, but all day I couldn't help thinking things over, and I thought to myself how strange it was that he should have killed himself right over the rooui in which there was a young lady who had only been married that day. "That evening, when I went downstairs, the Manager called me into his office and slid he wanted to ask me a question or two. " ' When that poor fellow came to the hotel, did he ask any questions of you?' he said. ' Did he mention any names, and ask if they were in the hotel or coming to the hotel V' "' No, sir,' I said, ' he only asked for a fire.' "' It was your idea to put him in the room above—217 ?" " * Yes, sir. I did it because (53 smoked so badly.' "Well, it's rather an odd coincidence then. Do you know that he came to this hotel because the young lady he was in love with was coming to stay here with her husband. He had found out somehow they were coining here after the marriage.' "'Good gracious, sir,' I exclaimed, beginning to see what t-iie Manager ineaut, 'vou don't mean to say that the young Lidy in 13 was the one he wanted to marry " ' Yes, there is no doubt, from what trio brother has told me, t'nat it is so.' " And I had put him—quite by a-jcident— in the room above the bride aud bridegroom. Only one thin floor separated him from the girl he had broken his heart over, and on htr bridal night, while he lay a corpse above her, his blood had dripped through and had fallen on her hands and stained her wedding ring. "He had doubtless timed his suicide. He had intended to take his life upon her wedding day, and in the building in which she was to pass the first hours of her married life with the husband of her choice. " But I am sure he did not know when he planned that terrible tragedy that shfl would be the first to see his life-blood flow—that her cry of horror would bo the first thing to lead to the discovery of his terrible fate. " It -was chance that had brought that about, coincidence as th6 Manager called it, and I had been the innocent means of bringing it to pass. " I don't know whether the poor bride ever learned the truth. I hope she didn't, for it isn't the sort of thins; a woman would ever be able to forget. If si:-- had known the truth that night when she felt a cold, wet splash, and looked at her wedding ring, but there, it isn't a thing to think about, is it, sir":"' I said that I didn't thin!: it was, but after Agnes had finished her story, and left me to myself, I thought a good deal about it, and it has remained U|X>n the tablets of my memorv until now. In one thing I cordiallv agree with Apnes that it was a strange experience for a chambermaid. I doubt if many; hamber-maids have had a stranger. [THE END.] NV- xt Week : THE OLD HOUSE OF DUXTHELM. liv _. Gohjiok . STAHT.KS. M. iJ., 11 X.. Author of Ltavos from Mm Log of a Gentleman Gipty," 