RELIGIOUS Charies Haddon Spurgeon. The services in the City Tabernacle on Sunday were of a special and mournful character, and had direct reference to the recent death of the Rev. Charles Haddon Spurgeon, the world- renowned Baptist preacher. In the morning every seat in the large church was filled. The pulp'ii waa draped with black, the sornbronesa being relieved, however, by a fine wreath of flowers. The service was opened by the playing of the "Doad March in Sanl," and it may be remarked that all the hymns were appropriate to the solemn occasion. The Rev. W. Whale, at one time a student oi the deceased preacher, occupied the pulpit, and chose his text from the first chapter of St. John, 4th verso : " In Him was life ; and the life wati the light of man." He said that the prince of preachers, and one of the manliest oi men—Charles Haddon Spurgeon—is numbered with the illustrious dead. "He that is greatest among you shall be your servant," said Jeans ; and Charles Haddoo Spurgeon had been a ser vant of the servants of Jesu3 Christ for a whole generation past. Mr. Spurgeon was to me more than a name, more, than a preacher; he was a friend, a benefactor, a brother, a paator, a teacher, a guide, and counsellor. Nearest was he, of all I know ou earth, to my ideal of the Christ. All the Churches love him, and will revere his memory. Differences of opinion will not hide from them the true nobleness of his character. Ha has made all denominations his debtor, He is a great historic personality compelling notice, and commanding the homage oi tho people. He had his faults—for he was human, but " c'en his failings leaned to virtue's side." He was a sinner saved by sovereign grace; a believer obedient to his loving Lord; a soldier courageous in the fiercest fight for God and truth.; a saint whose example drew others to follow Jesaß. Mr. Spurgeon had a vivid imagination, akin to that of John Bunyan. He had the logical force and some of the organising ability of John Wesley, but White field was bis ideal preacher, and if he followed any human example it was that of Whitefield. In theology ho drank deeply from the fount of Puritanism.' Owen, Brooks, Adams, Sibbes, S winnock^Charnock, and others were his delight. He was a man of largely human heart. Some people seem to bo all intellect and no emotion. He was fnll of sympathy with Nature in all her moods, and with man in all his aspirations. Mr. Spurgeon was no mere cleric, or dawdling dandy, or effeminate courtier; but a broad-shouldered, jovial-faced, kindly-hearted man of the world, in whose life God was revealing Himself to men. He was a genuine philanthropist. His heart was with the people. He loved the lowly and the homely poor. The rich and gveat who were living for the publio good had his respect and esteem, but his ministry led him to use the favourites of fortune so as to make them stewards of God's bounty to the needy and the lost. His first book was called "The Saint and the Saviour"; his last was sent forth from the sick chamber and yet is one of the cheeriest of his many works—l refer to " Memories of Stambourne." Besides being a prolifio author he was a reviewer of books. The richest and raoiest re views, are in the Sicord mid Trowel monthly, and his work on "Commenting and Commen taries" is a marvel, and contains 1437 reviews of a class of literature not usually regarded as " popular." He ha 3 been a living protest against. degeneracy in theChuroh. That tho Church has tended to moral flexibility and mental pride there can be no question. The facts are tending to justify his opinion about "down grade" teaching, if not his action in connection with the Baptist Union. Every man in tho union loves Mr. Spurgeon—not least those who have disagreed with him. He has lifted up a standard against scientific materialism, against flippant, erratic, and mere bookish Biblioal criticism, arid against spiritual degeneracy. He has done much for educating the religious, and for the religiousness of education in the land. He had no faith in education apart from religion. The evening classes at the Tabernacle have been conducted for about tliirty years for the better eduoation of those who want to preach the gospel. Nearly 1000 young men of limited means have been trained in the Pastors' College, of whom at least six are now labouring in Queensland. He was a large and liberal minded man; a man of practical oommon-sense, keen wit, and ready humour; a man of strong convictions and the daring needful to defend them, but no bigot. He would not tole rate those who would take away the inspira tion of the Bible, or the deity of Christ, or the sacrifice of the cross, or the crown of rights of King Jeaus. He was strongly opposed to those who taught that a man might safely die in bis sins because of a possible salvation after death; or because of a Calvinistio preordination that all shall ultimately be saved. He had not the same objection to the doctrine of conditional immortality, because that doctrine made the work of Christ for man's Balvation and the work of the Holy Spirit in regeneration abso lutely essential in the plan of redemption. He was a Christ, because he had in him the life of Christ, who is the true light of men. In Jesus dwelt " all the fulness of the Godhead bodily." In Spurgeon dwelt the Christ in measure, by faith. Tho force of hi 9 life may be given in the words of Paul: " I live, yet not I, but He liveth iv me; and the life whioh I live in the flesh I live by the faith of the Son of God, who loved me and gave Himself for me." Of lowly domestic origin, early in life feeling that ho must be abont his Father's business, openly confessing his sonship in the appointed way, realising his "til to- ?m<»h *nd U> heal and to bless, enduring temptation and triumph ing over it, finding it his meat and drink to do the will of Him that sent him, and having passed through the Gethaemano of pain in a spirit of self-surrender to the sovereign will, he gave up the ghost, saying, " Father, into Thy hands I commend uiy spirit." The forceful fire will no longer flash from those eyes ; the heart will pulsate no more; the brain throb and nerve thrill are for ever past; the seraphic fervour of that voice will bo heard no move ; the lips are dumb in the eloquent silence of death ; the spirit has returned' to God, who gave it; the trustful saint is' for ' ever with the Lord. After a touching reference to the bereaved loved ones of the deceased preacher, to whom was offered the heart's deepest sympathy and condolence, Mr. Wlialo concluded an eloquent sermon as follows:—" Mr. Spurgeon lives —in lives reodemed from sin; iv books where his noblest thoughts aro enshrined; in grateful memory of tho poor, the aged, and the orphan whom he has succoured; in the hearts of a thousand men whom he has trained for work ; in tho ohuroh where his ministry has been exercised, and in its members all over the world; in the spiritual momentum he has given to the universal Churoh. Best of all, he lives with tho great heroe3 of the ages, and with Jesus-, in whom his life is hidden peacefully secure from all the gloom and pain of mortal life. Let us lift up our oyes and hearts towards that heaven anil hope and joy in which wo shall meet with our loved ones and our Lord, and where we shall by the grace of God Bee once and again—Oharles Haddon Spurgeon." 