THE BERTH AND BOYHOOD OF DEEMING. As attention is now being directed to the plea of insanity which is to be put forward on behalf of Deeming, we have (says LLOYD'S of April 17) obtained from a trustworthy source an account of his birth and boyhood. Many of the statements, it will be seen, are of a very singular character ; but they are presented as far as pos- sible in the language used by one well acquainted with the family history. Deeming's father and mother were natives of Atherstone, in Warwickshire, where they were married, in 1846. The father, who was a tin-plate worker and a general whitesmith, kept a small shop, and also attended the markets in the dis- trict. In her younger days Mrs. Deeming at- tended the parish church, and at one time was a Sunday school teacher, but her husband made no profession of any particular religious belief. He, however, was a strong believer in ghosts, presentiments, and dreams, and one of the fears of his early life was lest he should become the tenant of a haunted house. As business was not prosperous, Mr. and Mrs. Deeming removed with their two little boys from Atherstone to Ashby-by- la-Zouch, in Leicestershire, where Mr. Deeming's parental responsibilities were further increased by the birth of twins — a girl and a boy. He grew very nervous and anxious at this rapid increase of the family, and became worse when another arri- val was expected. At night he complained of mysterious sounds, and would say, "I can't go to steep with these noises in the place. Let us get up and see what it really is going about." The wife lighted a candle, and offered it to him to go first, but he refused to do that, say- ing he thought it would be better for him to walk close behind her, so that it she saw anything and fainted away he could catch her in his arms, and save her from falling. His cares and fears told on his health, and on complaining of the noises one day he was asked whether he was not aware that that was the house a doctor had been mur- dered in, his body mutilated, boiled, and then secretly disposed of? The noises were declared to augur some terrible trouble and misfortune for the family who heard them. The poor man was fairly frightened, and none of his friends could laugh him out of his scare. He looked forward to the birth of this child as the coming trouble foretold. It was on July 30, 1853, that the new-comer was ushered into the world. In due time a name was fixed upon, and the boy christened "Frederick." His mother was as fond of him as any of her other children, but the father could not shake off his fears. Even the waywardness of the infant child caused anxiety, and it came to be considered as a sign of self-will, foreboding future evil, and a gradual development of the trouble foretold. After a little time the father left the town to enter on a situation at Eltham, in Kent, where his wife and family subsequently joined him. It was in this village that Albert (the brother who saw the Rainhill murders in his dream) was born. The family stayed nearly two years, and then moved to St. Helens, where in 1857 the son Walter was born. In the following year the father got work at Birkenhead, and ultimately settled down there with his family. It was a great difficulty to get Fred to go to school, for he would often play the truant, in spite of the repeated thrashings his father gave him. The boy's stubborn temper made his father severe with him, while the mother pleaded, " It's kind words and not blows he wants. You don't do any good by being harsh with him." Indig- nant at this interference the father would reply, "It's your interference that is spoiling this lad. He'll come to some bad end if you don't mind, and bring trouble on us all. Haven't we been warned ? Weren't we warned before he was born ? I tell you there's a spell on him — an evil spirit has got hold of him, but I'll knock the devil out of him." With that he got more beatings, but his attendance at school grew worse, and his education consequently was very imperfect. One night, when he was between 11 and 12 years of age, he was missed from home, and could not anywhere be found. The next day, when he thought his father had gone to work, he came home, saying he had been out all night shrimping with the boatmen. Fred got another thrashing from his father, and his mother reasoned with him. In a little more than a week he was missing again, and this time was absent three nights and three days with trawlers at sea. His father thrashed him, as before, for causing so much trouble, but it seemed of little use. In two or three weeks he was off again, and his great delight appeared to be to get over the bar at the mouth of the Mersey, and enjoy his freedom in fishing pursuits. His father began to despair of trying to reform him. The boy was evidently getting beyond control, and every week became more sullen and stubborn. As he did not appear inclined to go to school, or to settle down to go to work, his father in great measure left him to his own resources, and to his mother's care. He had marked traits of charac- ter ; and they were, first, a tendency to sudden impulse ; and a steady, resolute will. He was never at any tine saucy or insolent; but quiet and stealthy in what he did. When only 13 he went to a tradesman in the town, told him that his brother particularly wanted £3, and had sent him to ask if he would be kind enough to lend it to him for two or three days. The tradesman not suspecting anything wrong lent the money, and the boy then made off. His mother grew alarmed when no tidings of him could be got from the boatmen, and the whole family became roused when the trick played upon the tradesman was discovered. Four or five nights after the boy's disappear- ance the oratorio "Messiah " was to be per- formed at the Queen's Hall, Birkenhead, and as one brother was going to sing in the choruses the whole family, father and mother included, had arranged to go. On their way to the concert to their great surprise they met Fred returning home. The mother, overjoyed at seeing him, threw her arms round his neck and kissed him, and told him to go home, get a good tea, and be a good boy, when all would be well. In answer to her inquiries as to where he had been, and what he had been doing he simply said that he had been to Chester. After the first part of the oratorio was over Mrs. Deeming said to her husband, "I feel rather un- easy about Fred. I wish you would go and see how he is getting on." ' The father went, and not seeing the boy at home came back without making any observations. On the family return- ing at the close of the concert Fred had entirely disappeared. The brother paid his friend the £3 back, and then another long and expensive search for the missing boy was been. The agony the mother suffered cannot be described. Days, weeks, months, and years went by, and no tidings of him could be got. The father appeared to cease to think about him, and did not like his name mentioned. The continued grief shattered the mother's constitution, and her nervous condition rendered her extremely sensi- tive. It is related of her that her psychological state became such that her "very soul seemed to receive the impression that all was not right with Fred." It was no superstition, she used to say, for hers were positive impressions. One day, after he had been absent nearly five years, she went to a relative's house in great trouble and said she had a presentiment it was not all right with Fred, and then becoming senseless audibly uttered the words, "Oh, my Fred! save him; he is my long lost boy." As they bathed her face her continued words were " Save him ! " About a month or five weeks after this occurrence the postman brought a letter but as it was from abroad the father refused take it in. The local postmaster, being reluctant to send it to the Dead Letter Office, took the trouble to call round again with it himself. The father was as obstinate as before, and said : "We do not think that Fred is alive. I tell you that if it is not from him it does not concern us ; and if it is from him, then it is only a bad omen, and does not augur any good for us. I will not have that letter opened in this house." So the post- master opened it outside, and it proved to be from Fred, stating that after many terrible troubles and narrow escapes of his life he was on his voyage home. " Didn't I tell you that letter was a bad augury ?" said the father, while his mother, on the other hand, was almost frantic with joy at the prospect of seeing her boy again. A month rolled by, and then Fred came home again. His mother met him with open arms, and there was much rejoic- ing. He had grown a fine youth of nearly 20 years, and his arrival created quite a sensation through the whole family circle. He had brought little presents for all. There was a general recon- ciliation, and wherever he went Fred was feasted and admired, and became quite a romantic hero with the girls of the district. 