THE NEWSOmeï YVA.LESBUDGET. OPINIONS OF THE SYDNEY PRESS. IS. ST. ITetali, 15th December.) We now know the reason why the Financial Statement was postponed till the middle of the l-\v*elflh month of the year. It was to he a statement of failure, and disappointment, and deficit. The Treasurer expected to end the year with a deficit of' 1'2!IO,000. He in fact ends it with one of ill.lM^TS. If the methods which Mr. See line so successfully applied to the accounts of 1891 come in turn to be applied to those oflfc392, this deficit may possibly swell to him. eli larger dimensions. But taking it as now given, it is enough to occasion serious wife actions to the country, and to gravely meet its credit with the outside world. Avenue ago Mr. Son, speak- ing with all the severity of untried virtue, was seriously condemnatory of the deficit of 2;80,00 which he contrived to pile upon the year 1891. election hold that the existence of such a Moieney called for strong, and rigorous methods to meet it. He asked for new taxation tone extent of Ü33O.O00, to be applied to its' reduction. This was granted by Parliament, and the Treasurer confesses that the new duties attracted no less than .£901,000 from the pockets of the public. And now, In. the twelfth month of the year, when no measure of economy, nothing that Parliament can do can in any way affect the result, the Treasurer has to admit that, instead of largely reducing the deficit he has enormously increased it that time £900,000 of new taxation has been collected and spoilt, and that the estimated deficit of i'000,000 with which he began the year has swollen to nearly double tlioninonnt at its close. For ourselves, we must say that the whole significance of the speech lies in the admission that the year's administration of the finances by the present Government has resulted in the accumulation of a deficit to the extent of ^£1,150,000, that the new taxation has been swallowed, and that the void goes on still deepening, that no proposals of any sort are put forward for coping with tlioonuorgoncy, and that in place of attempting to meet it the Treasurer actually recommends Parliament to withdraw its attention from this condition of affairs and to devote time and labour to "'liBofnl legislation"rsitlaor than to " plunge into the turmoil offiu-ancial strife I" Again the suspicion that this is all a burlesque suggests itself to the mind. Unfortunately it is the sorrowful reality. Still, the worst of the position is not stated. All this would be disconcerting and disappointing enough if it came as the result of accident or carelessness or exceptional calamity. The worst part of it is that it comes as the inovhVfcle result of a system adopted in the face of the certainty that it must lead to disaster, and maintained after the disaster has become a reality. Parliament is powerless to control the finances tween it is not informed of the disastrous condition into which they are allowed to fall till the middle of the last month of the yow, Then, at a time too late to control thoov-joendituro of a single pound, it is told that there is a deficit of nearly a million and a-quarter, that it is too late to alter it, that if; is not proposed to provide for it, that it is not of the slightest consequence, that all Parliament has to do is to shut its eyes to the gulf before it, and to give its undivided attention to useful legislation," including such subjects as local government, the regulation of coal gantries, mining on private property, and the putting a toll on barges on the River Darling. The deficit is to remain unpaid ; the House is not to trouble itself the subject; it is to go on for some months careless of deficits, and attending only to useful legislation," chequered by monthly supply bills, and then about this time next year it is to be permitted again to know something of tho state of the finances nd of the magnitude to which the fostering care of the Ministry has brought the deficit- Some light was thrown on these probabilities by the circumstance that a few minutes after the Treasurer had been solemnly dwelling on the urgent need of economy, the Minister for Public Works made an interjection in the speech of Mr. lloicl declaring his intention to conclude a contract for iron pipes of which little is known save that it will cause the wasteful expenditure of thousands of pounds of money for the purpose of of giving the work to a local manufacturer. "With such evidence of the financial recklessness of the Government, and with the indifference, and indeed litter unconsciousness displayed by Ministers to the extreme gravity of the Munition, everything points to serious disaster unless the people of the country speak out and insist that they shall be spared the calamity and humiliation which otherwise before them. (Sydney Daily Telgraph, 15th December.) Mr. See, however, does not dare to adopt either of the only two courses by which his promises on taking office might possibly be recovered. All the proposes to do is to stand still and leto-very thing drift. He booms out his estimates of revenue for next year to £'10,900,000 without, in any way, explaining how or where the inflation is to come from, there is nothing that anyone can see to show why the revenue, which has been consistently languishing through all the months of the past year, will, to suit Mr- See's dolce far Niente policy, suddenly start to grow from the first of January next, and he has not thought it worth while to afford any enlightenment on the point, that even supposing it should, as the next year's expenditure is Calculated at £10,458,000, this will still Loane a deficit outstanding of over £700,000, which is what he will have to construct " minor public works out of, and show these country's independence of English capital. It is when we examine the means by which this reduction of expenditure is to be effected, however, that the bogus character of the whole statement comes most offensively into view. The Trttws-arer proposes to save £-100,000 on roads and bridges by turning the responsibility for those works over to local ratepayers' under the District Government Bill. The whole estimate therefore rests, not only on the strength of an unhatched chicken, but one which it is simply impossible to hatch in time to affect next year's finances in any way whatever, except to demand Government expenses for providing the machinery to set in motion an Act which may or may not be passed. That is the element in the statement which establishes its claims to a flippant uniqueness quite justifying the Premier's boast about the originality of his Treasurer as a budget speech maker. No attempt is made to increase those Customs duties which Mr. See . still claims to be the country's only means of salvation, the half-way Ministry preferring to take its chance from the protectionist " daggers behind" than to force a conflict with the free- traders in front. Briefly it has given up the fiscal ghost. It does not, remembering who is at its back, move a step towards free-trade by proposing a land tax and remembering who is in front, it does not move a step towards consistent protection by remodelling the present hybrid tariff. It therefore simply sinks down on its knees and appeals to both sides' for mercy. For the sake of the country's credit, however, it is to be hoped that it will, instead of money, receive stern and simple Justice. 