f o i l r; d ; -Truth. JY'; TJ,h, I suppose I inu?t let yon go, N Xorali, but I don't half like it. | You've nevei' been awuy from me beforo, and f shall miss you frightfully." I " Yes, I hope you'll let. me go, Jim. I don't want lo be s-ellish, but I should enjoy it so much, and, after all, you can see me every day if you liko," They were husband and vvifo, these two, and had been married just a year. Their married life up to thin point had been one of unclouded happiness, and, perhaps, the term " married lovers :, best expreseex their rela '.ions to one another. Jim Kennedy was a ine specimen of a man, tall : and broad-? mouldered, but no one ever called hi* stern, :-ugged face good-looking, though there were people who found in it a charm ",hat handpomer ' features often . lack. Norah, . on .the conttary, was extremely preLfcy, there could be no two opinion; on ihat point ; her tall slight figure, clear, fair skin, crisp goldeu-browir liair, and deep blue eye?, fully entitled her to take rank with the beauties of her sex. Jim was well aware of this fact, and the knowledge r.fforded' him great gratification: perhaps the pride of possession, eo prominent a feature in the malo character, was even rnoro strongly developed in him than in most men; at. all events, liis pride in his pretty wife knew no bounds. His devotion to her was quite proverbial among their friends and neighbours, nothing could exceed his tender enroand forethought in all matters that con cerned her; sho was always his lirst con sideration. Hio wasa curiously contained and concentrated nature —a nature .thai "as incapable of more than one love—and sho had stirred it to its utmost depths. The subject under discussion wan an in vitation that tho Kennedys had received, lo spend a fortnight atone of the neighbouring country houses. This invitation Jim, for business reasons, was obliged lo decline, but tJiere eeemed lobe no .reason why Norah ihuuld not accept it, and she was very! anxious to do so, being, naturally enough, greatly attracted by tho prospect, of un limited fun in the nhup? of dancing, thcatri .cals, and the thniisandandone-amusemenU that are always rife amongst a large country-1 house party. " Ifc isn't as if it was far away, you know, Jim," she urged. "Why, Woodlands is only three miles from here"; you can walk or ride orer to see me as often as you like Of course, I am awfully sorry, that you can't go too, and I shan't enjoy it half sr> much as if you were there; but I can tell you all, about it afterwards, and it seem.*, so un- j gracious to refuse Mrs. Mervyn's invitation altogether, when there i.? really tie reason at all why I shouldn't accept it." ! Jim looked down ab the eager, uplifted face, and smiled. " You shall go, dear," ho said. '? I may be selfish, but I hope 1 sun not sclfifh enough to do you out of any pleasure just because I '. can't share in it myself. Of course, you ' shall go ; and if you want any new toggery you had bettei set about getting it atones." i " Oh, you dear old Jim ! " cried Norah, ' flinging her arms round his neck, and kiss ing him after her usual impulsive, girlish fashion. " Oh, you dear, dear old Jim ! " ?So tho weighty matter was sottled to the satisfaction of all concerned, and in dut course Norah went off to Woodlands, in a very fetching new gown and the highest possible spirits. | When she had been away for two days, Jim rode over to see how things wore going on. He arrived at Woodlands about half past four, and was received by Norah in the library, every other room, as ehe informed him, being turned topay - turrey; some cleared for dancing, and somo given up for, theatricals, which were just then in process of rehearsal. "And how are you enjoying yourself ?" naked Jim. "Oh! so much," Norah answered, her bright face aglow with excitement and pleasure. "It is perfectly delightful. I only wish you were hero to enjoy it, too. Do you miss tno very much, Jim 1" j '? i''rightfully," ?iid Jim, with n little sigh, " 1 feel quite lost without you ; but | never mind that, tell mc about yourself. What special line have you taken up ? Are yon "o'ii? i-i for theatricals?" She shook her head. '? -\i>, j. urn afraid I should bo no good on the stage. I have no practice, you knew, f enjoy looking on immensely, and there is ,-ciiLy of fun to be got out of dancing and 'iher things." "Mrs. Mervyn ie a clinking actrest," ob?ei'ved Jim. "Yes," Norah agreed absently; "she is iw'fiilly Rood, and is going to play all the -ading parts." After that she was silent for a few ilnutcs, looking into the tire with a iioughtful, preoccupied air, that somewhat iizzled her husband, who was more accus omed to her brighter moods. "A penny for your thoughts," he said, at ast. Xorah stnrfced, and glanced up at him ?villi rather a curious expression. "Jiin,"?ho R\id, nervously, "if I say something you won't be cross, will you ? " Ho looked surprised. " Crosf, Norah ? No, of course not. You may say what you like." "It is that I overheard," she wenton, abtently his coat-sleeve. " I couldn't help hearing it ; I wish I hadn't-, but I couldn't lie!|i it. Mr?. Brown and Mrs Willis wcro talking;, and I couldn't lielp hearing what they said—but they didn't know that I was near. Is it true, rim—is it true that, there was ever any hing between you and Mrs. Mervyn?" A heavy frown crossed Jim's face, and he ?.it.tered a sharp rxclxmatinn. "Coonfound the women!" It* cried, angrily. "What a lot of chattering mag pies they arc !" "Oil, Jim 1" Norah pleaded, "don't be ?rioss ; you said you wouldn't. It isn't, true ?iif:" Her voice quivered a little, and something uspiciously like lenrs glittered in licibj igh yes. Jim muttered something under hi? v.iith as he looked down nt her, then lie put is nrm round her waist, and drew her close > his side. " Listen, Norah," lie said, impressively ; ? I am going to tell you the whole truth,and othing but the truth. A year or two ago I his rather intimate with I he Mervyns, and I ised to come to Woodlands a good deal, j \lervyn and I have always been good friend?, ! md at that time Mr:. Alervyn and I seemed o gel on uncommonly well. 1 can swear hat I never gave her a thought even that pis.'-cd the bounds of friendship, and it was ?oine time before it dawned on mc that she was trying to lead mc into a flirtation. When at last I woke up to the state of the case, T gave Mrs. Mervyn to understand that that sort of thing wasn't my line, and then promptly cleared out. I have always !ccpt on friendly terras, because I thought! chat people would begin to think and talk if we had an open split, but I have never com* here much since then. That is tho truth of ihe whole matter." The quiet tone, and simple, straight forward words carried conviction with them, jtid Norah's perturbed faco dimpled into a (mileus eheasked:— " Why did you never tell mc of all this before, Jim?" " My dear child," he answered, gravely, ?' i man doesn't care to tell tales of that kind n the expense of a woman, even to his wife. ?Slides, I had almost forgotten the affair, mil, in all probability, Mrt. Mervyn has Tiir.e." Xorah shook her head. "A woman never forgets," she said, M;ihutically. " You may depend upon ii, ??I, Mrs. Mervyn has forgotten nothing-- it -she nity Yxnvt forgiven, and that is rno:e ?he point." Mm stc-'ied down "and gave his prett. ? ? ;i vt'M jearty lue*. ?' \\\ liat" v. auoJ litll* soul it is," heaaitl, 'affectionately; "you take things nncom- I monly well, Norah. Some women, in your place, would have Lie;itctl mo to a Eceno and refused to helfavo lire." j | " I should liko to sue any ono refusing to bclievo yon." cried Norah, indignantly. Then she rubbed her soft cheek against his. " Dear old Jim," she whispered, lovingly. Thus ended tho first tfount that had cvpr threatened to mar the happiness of their married life, A fortnight is only h fhort time after all, and very toon Norah's visit to Woodlands was drawing to ita close. Three days before the one on which Bhe was to return home, Jim got a note: from her asking him to bo sum and go ovor that afternoon, as sho had something important to say to him. It was wmc days since ho had been there, and ho had not intended to Igo again, hut Norah's word was law : so. he ordered his horse and rode o[f, arranging lo get to Woodlands about four o'clock ao usual. ' In the hall he was met by Mrs. Mervyn, and he fancied that she .started and tinned rather pale when she paw him. " How. do you do, .Vlre, Mervyn? - ' he said, as he shook hands. " Jolly day this, isn't it? Is Norah anywhere about? She sent me a iiote asking me to come over and nee her." " Your wife is in the house," Mrs. Mervyn answertrd, " but I don't see that you can see.her now." .She spoke rather absently, and Jim | thought that she looked at him with a curious expression. "Is anything the matter!" lie asked hastily. " I hope Norah isn't ill." " No no, she is quite well, but " " But what!" asked .1 tin, who was begin ning lo feel rather impatient. Mrs. Mervyn turned away and looked oub of the window. "Can you bear a shock I" she asked, in a low tone. "A shock ?" Jim replied, feeling more and more bewildered. What kind'of shock? U'liat do you mean, Mr?. Mervyn? If you have anything to tell me about Norah, for Heaven's sake tell me and have done with it. Don't beat about the bush, that is false kindness." * ! ."Your ivife is quile well," .Mrs. Mervyn said, in the same low tone, "quite well, hut " She broke ofl sharply, and sud denly turned from the window. " Come ' with tne,"she cried, "Come with me." | A curious sense of doubt and wonder j thrilled Jim as he followed his hostess across I the hall, lie could not at all understand the state ol affairs. Mrs Mervyn led the way to the small drawing-room, outside the door . -he paused and loolted up at him. " Yon had better go in alone," she said ; | "Yout wile is in the morning-room. If you i are quiet you can hear without being j heard.'" "Hear!". Jim repeated, with an expres sion of blank surprise "Hear what? I! I wish you would explain yourself, Mrs. Mervyn." But Mrs Mervyn shook her head. " Don't ask me," she nuid, giving him a little push towardo the door, " but go—go." Jim hesitated for a moment with his hand ' on the handle, then he opened the door and ' went into the room. j Now, the two drawing rooms and the ' morning-room were e>, niitr., and the latter was only divided from the small drawing room by some soft, silk curtains drawn :?crosB an archway. Mechanically, Jim moved across tho room until lie came to Ihese curtains, and then he stopped. He .':ould hear some one speaking on tlie other side, and instantly recognised tho voice as | that of Captain Warner, one of the guests ?laying in the house, a man whom he had ?lever liked. "Tell me," the voice urged tenderly, ' what makes you so unhappy. Perhaps I ran do something to help you." There war. a moment's pause, and then the , :inswer came in Norah's voice, low and | tremulous, with feeling. "No, no, you can do nothing. Heaven only knows now miserably unhappy T am, : but no one can help me—least of .all you." Jim's hand clutched the curtain involun tarily, his brain seemed to be in a whirl, he felt like a man in a dream. Norah, his Norah, miserably unhappy, and confiding | her woes to another man ! The thought was madnesi. I " I can sympathise with you, if I can do no more," Captain Warner went on, in thr same tender tone. '? Tell mc what trouble? you—it is always a relief to talk to a sympathetic friend. .1 am afraid you and your husband are not very well matched." Jim moved a step nearer to the curtain, listrning intently. " We couldn't be worse matched," cried Norali, in a tone of passionate rebellion; " he does nob, it is true, openly ill-treat mc, but ho makes my life one long torture. If it lasts much longer, I shall go mad. Marriage without sympathy is moral suicide." Jim drew a deep breath, and fell back a pace or two. Norali saying that he made her life one long torture ! Was it, possible, or had his ears played him false? " My poor darling !" Captain Warner cried' passionately, "oh ! my poor darling ! There is nothing that I would not do to save you from such a life. Only trust yourself to mc and you will never regret it—never, I swear, as long ac you live. I need not tell you that my whole life's happiness is bound up in you, that I love yon with all my heart and soul. You know it already." Jim ground his teeth savagely. In that moment he could have killed the man who dared to plot against his honour ;ind make love to his wife, but he waited to hear Norah's answer.- It came at last. " Yes," Norali siiid', and oh ! how softly and tenderly her sweet voice thrilled, "ye 3, I know you lovo mo, and that knowledge is my only comfort. I ding to it with all my , strength. Yes, I know you love mc, and ! you must know that I - that I ——" j Jim waited to hour no more, but turned ' and made his way to tho hall .staggering a.- he went. Five minutes later he was galloping acres? the j>aik liken madman. W hen he reached home, he went straight to his smoking-room and flung himself into his favourite chair. Ho tried to think, but his thoughts wero.in a whirl,his brain seemed j on fire. He wished to consider the matter calmly and coolly, but found that an utter impossibility. One thought alone pospessod him, one bitter cruel, maddening thought. Norah was lost to him for ever. With his own ears he had heard her I encourage another man to make love to her. ! j Norah, hie Norah, his wife whom he had ? loved so dearly and trusted so blindly, had ! played him false. With all his strength he strove to forget the word* that he had over heard ; but. he could not forget, and memory was rmulness. It is impossible to put into words all that he suffered. The whole night long he sat I alone in hie smoking-room, lighting with himself and with this crushing sorrow that , had hewed him to the earth. When morn r ing dawned, tho cold grey light that, stole in i through the chinks in the curtains showed him to bo but tho wreck of his former self. What should he do ? That was tho qnc3- tion that forced itsolf with maddening per sistency into hie brain, and the answer was not easy to find. There wore two or three courses open to him, bub he could not decide which to follow. He considered and re considered them all, but none gave him satisfaction. Ab last a sudden thought struck him tlint . put the others to rliglit. There was to be ? large party at Woodlands that night. Mrs. Mervyn had invited him, and ho ii.iil refused i her invitation ; but now he would go. Uγ j would give himself one more chatiru of spk ' ing with hie own eyes, and hearing with liir own ears; and if his suspicions were con-' ?irmed, he would tell Nornh thnn and there \ hat all was discovered, anil thnt sho was j ree to go to her lover. I Acting on this idea ho drove over lo Woodlands in Ihr . ? niing. reeling like ? man who is gn ; i>/ -? !ii.< execution. In the hall he found Mr. Mervyn onjoying v I surreptitious and was welcomed, with ;jreat.cordiali(.y. I "So you've changed your mind, Jim, a-id come to see t.iie r lioiv after all that's right. I'm enjoying myself in my own wuy, you nee; in one room, theatricals in anothe., neither of (hem in my line, so I came nut hero to have u quiet smoke. Better stay and join me." At that moment Mr?. Mervyn came slowly down tho wide staircase, and crossed tho , hall toOaid'o tho two men, struggling with a j refractory bangle tliat. refused t<> fasten. "Try and do this for. me, lidgar," alio said. Then she looked up and her eyes fell on Jim. " Mr. Kennedy !" she cried. "Yes, it's Jim," said her husband, "you needn't look as if you'd seen a ghost." Tho startled look still lingered on hor face, and ahe laughed nervously. "You aro the last person I orpectcdto see," she said to Jim, "you refused so positively." " Upon my word, that's, a hospitable speech," cried Mr. Mervyn. "Jim has changed hiR mind, and we're very glad to see him. Come, Lake him into what you call the theatre, Kate, and let him look at his friends making fools of themselves." Mrs. Mervyu led the May across the hall, and Jim followed like a man in a dream. It all teemed so strange, so unreal; he could hardly realise the state of affairs. A minute or two later lit was in tho room that was doing temporary duty as a theatre. One or two people spoke to him and ho answered, but madeno attempt at conversa tion. He looked loutid in search of Norah, and, failing to lind her, threw himself into :i chair and gave way to gloomy thought. The bell rang, and tho curtain roso on the second act, but Jim did not look up. He felt no interest. What wero the mimic joys and woes of the stage to him? Thoy could not compare with tho tragedy of his own life. He sat thore, with his eyes fixed on tho ground, wrapped in miserable meditations, till all at once a voice sounded through tho room that thrilled him like an electric shock. It was North'* voico. What were the words that she was saying ? " No, no, you can do nothing. Hoaven only knows how miserably unhappy I am, but 110 one can help me—least of all you." I Jim drew along deep breath, and raised | his eyes slowly, like a man awaking from i some hideous dream. Norah was on the stage—his Norah, looking prettier bhan he had overseen her ; and by her side, holding her hand in his, stood Captain Warner. " lean sympathise with you, if 1 can do no more. . Tell me what troubles you—it is always a relief to talk to a sympathetic friend. 1 am afraid you and your husband are not very well matched." There was no need to hear more. Jim saw it all now. As in a lightning flash every thing was made plain to him. What lie had oveilieard the day hefore wbb a rehearsal of this particular scene, and ho had thought— he had thought—Ah ! what had he dared to think? He cowered, guiltily, as he remem bered all. Norah must never know of what he had accused her in his mind, never. He hardly knew how to ?u. through thd lemainderot the play ; it eec-uied mtermin able ; but itcame to an end at last, and the curtain fell, amidst great applause. Norah flew upstairs as soon as the perfor mance was over, to change her dress and wash the rouge and powder fiom her face, ller first attempt at acting had been a dis tinct success, there could be no two opinions about that: and she was, naturally enough, proud of the fact. She smiled, well pleased, as she dipped a sponge in soft water, and began to bathe her face. There was a sharp knock at the door, and Jim came into the room. " Here you are, my darling," ho cried, gladly. .She paused in h?r operations to look up at him— " Yes, here I am, and likely to be ; I don't know when I shall. get rid of this horrid rouge. So you were there after all, Jim ; I saw you in the audience, and I was so surpiised. Why did you change your inind? Ib all went off splendidly, didn't it, and— and—oh ! Jim, are you very cross with me?" "Cross with you?" He had come quito close to her now. " No, lam not cross with you, Norah ; why should 1 be? " " Well, 1 was afraiil you would be, and I sent for you yesterday so that 1 might explain matters, but you did'nt come. You | see, I was rather forced into it.; 1 could not ( very woll help myself. Mrs. Mervyn made such a point of my undertaking the part, that I could not refuse. I thought, it was rather a risque part, but I'm awfully glad you are not cross." Jim took her in his arms, sponge and all, and kissed her wot face. "I am fonder and prouder of my little wife at this moment than I have ever been before," he said, " but I think we'll havo no more theatricals, Norah darling; this shall bo your first and last appearance." " Very well," said Norah, letuming tho kiss with interest; "I am sure I don't mind. [ don't mind anything so long as you are not cross." And that was the end of Mrs. Mervyn's attempt at revenge. " What, going so soon, Mr. Kennedy!" Mrs. Mervyn looked up with a well simulated air of surprise, and smiled plea santly into Jim's white, wrathful face. ? " es," he replied ; " but let me first thank you for giving me an opportunity of attending tho performance as well us the rehearsal."— *'" 