A THRILLING EXPERI ENCE. — - 1 had oooa&ion; some months ago to go from a point a long -distance up on the Cowlitz River, across the oountry toward the lme of the railroad. For most of the distance the read, or lather the tracs, tea through a rough wild country, which was generally covered with heavy forests, and tangled impenetrable thickets of under brush. More than forty miles were to be traversed. 1 started very j early — shortly after daylight. 1 was mounted on a ! small Indian pony, of a scrubby, ignoble breed. LeBt 1 should not be able to accomplish tbe journey in one day, or might not be able to reach some cabin along the route, 1 had taken the precaution to strap a pair of white blankets behind my saddle. The only weapons 1 had were a small pocket pistol — Bingle- barrelled — and a email two edged dim. On starting 1 had noticed that my pony was slightly lame. Thinking he would get over it when warmed up on the road, I pushed ahead. However, the lameness increased, and long bsfore noon I found that 1 should have to abandon the horse and make the remainder of the journey on foot, if another animal could not be obtained. No horse could be obtained for love or money, so leav ing the crippled pony and the saddle at a logger's ranch, 1 pushed on, carrying my roll 0! blankets on my back. The trail wound round through dense, gloomy forests. So tbiok and tall were the trees that the lofty, interlacing branches overhead shot out the eun's rays, and much of the light of day. In a sort of sombre twilight 1 pushed on. Before 1 had cov ered many miles 1 began to feel some uneasiness — a singular presentiment of evil foreboding. Still. I went forward, striving to drive away the presenti- ment by thinking of my business. However, the feeling that there was some danger in my pathway increased. Some instinct told me that I was being followed. Soon a peculiar whirring Bound, resem bling the pLrring of an enormous cat, attracted my attention. Casting a quick glance behind me, ima gine my dismay at sc-eing in the trail, net seventy' five yards away, a large, flsree cougar. The animal was trailing along slowly with its belly close to the ground, and ewitohing ite tail like a cat when preparing to spring on an uriEnspecting mouse. Catching my eye toe cougar suddenly stopped, placed its head close to the eaitb, and in a crouching attitude watched me intently. My situation was a very grave one. Armed with only a small pistol and knife, miles from human habita tion, alone in the heart of a great gloomy forest, and confronted by a largs, hungry- looking cougar, my position was not to be envied. Fortunately, I was thoroughly acquainted with tha cowardly disposition of the animal. Unices pressed by hunger I knew the cougar would not openly attack me. Grasping my pistol in oua h&ad; aud the knife in tho ether, I turned- End amr-toced toward the lurking foe. The cowardly ere&ture; re treated. To emphasize matters I discharged niy pistol, taking precious ,good caro to shoot wide oi the mark. To wound the animal was the l&st; thing in the world I wished to do. Deliberately reloading 1 then turned and moved rapidly forward, keeping a sharp lookout over my shoulder. Toe cougar persistently dogged tne. Sometimfs it gained on me and I would have to drive it back by shouting and discharging my pistol. This i k<-pt up for about two. hcurij. I hoped to finally frighten the animal away, but is still dogged my footstep si. 2 pressed on, weary and fousore, hoping soon to to emerge from the fore.st or to re&sn; soma wayside eabio. Once on open ground 1 feii sare the auimal would abandon the pursuit. Bat the timber appeared to grow thicker. To add to my fears night was coming on, and there were por tun thus signs of a com iag storm., .hrv muttering thunder was heard far away, and 1 could hear the wind that preceded the.tazpeaE gathering its forces far back in the forest. Darkness felt untii I could scarcely distinguish tha tortuous trail. 3:;ili my foe followed relentlessly. Sjon.the amorphous blackness swallowed up everything. By feeling my way cautiously I could follow the trail. Presently I reached the brick of a stec-p ravine. Below me I beard the hies and roar of a stream. Broad streaks of lightning ii ishad acro33 the heavens. By waiting for these . flashes I mads my way down the ravine. At the bottom flowed a broad, swift stream across v/hioh the traii led. I could not - tell ho w 'dsea it was, hut cross it I must. Taking advantage of a flash I plunged in. The water was almost waist deep and cold as ice. Through fcfti3 stream I floundered narrowly escaping being carried oS my feet by the force of the torrent. Finally, I reached tbe oppoaitb aide. 1 scrambled out, dripping wet and chiliad to the marrow. By the next bright gleam I could sec the cougar on theappisite side, just at the brink, crouching as if for a spring. In sheer desperation f fired at him. and turning cashed up the -6teep, rugged trail. Black gloom again succeeded. I stood still, my heart beating madiy ; I expected that the cougar would now certainly at tack and rend me. Just then the animal gave a wild, fearful scream and plunged into the stream, Another flash eame. As I turned to fly, I saw tho cougar mid-stream, struggling desperately ia the mad torrent and making towards me. Bsi'cre the gleam faded there came another blinding, lures glare, followed by an awful peal of thunder. Ocas more 1 turned and fled up the trail. This time I reached the top, and at tha same instant there o&me; another blood curdling scream from the enraged cougar. I rushed precipitately on, and in a moment reached an opening in tha timber. My pistol being empty was useless, so I Hang it aw&y; and grasped my dirk. 1 looked around and dis covered that I stood upon the edge of a small clearing. Not a hundred yards away, 1 saw, with a joy that no language can portray, the light cf a candle shining through a window of an humble log- cabin. Help ana safety wsre at hand. 1 shouted loudly, and a course, heavy Hulloo there 1" cams back in response. The loud baying of a dog greeted me that eounaed sweeter than any music I ever heard. But little remains to be told. Tha brave dog rushed past mo, and making for the cougar, which was only a few yards away, quickly treed him. Tha logger at ones comprehended tho situation. Telling me to go to the cabin, he seized his rifle and harried to the spot where his dog stood barking and waited for a lightning flash. It came a moment later al most as bright as day. It revealed the cougar crouching on a large iirnb, not more than forty feet from the ground, just ready to hurl himself upon the dog. There was a sharp crack, and tbe ball crashed through the cougar's skull. Uttering a piercing ery, the ere&ture; fell to the ground, and alter a brief struggle ingloriously gave up tho ghost. Just then tho long-impending tempest broke forth in all its fury. Ta&t; eight 1 remained at the logger's cabin, and partook of his rough but ! wholesome cheer. Early the next morniog 1 reached my destination without further adventure. The cougar that came so near getting my sealp waa a very large old male. By actual measurement it was aeerly uiaafeet from tip to tip. It was the narrow est escape from a horrible fate ever had. The txperience has t&ugbt; me one useful lesson ; I will never again venture alone through the lonely woods without having a trusty Winchester in my hand. 