FOOTLIGHT ^LASHES. THE ROYAL COMIC OPERA COMPANY. 'Dorothy' Uoomiug. HEU MAJESTY'S PACKED NIGHTLY. The Alhambrn Muslo Hall— Latest TUeatrl. oal News from Melbourne, Brisbane, ? and Adelaide— And Gossip News and Notes (ram AH Parts. ' On Saturday last, bototo a house filloS to overflowing, Mr. J. C. Williamson success fully revived ' Dorothy,' which replaced ' Iolantho.' The lato Alfred Collier's delight ful comody opera, it will bo remembered, when first producod in Sydney dnring Slay, 1888, caught on in tlio most unmistakable manner, and wo bad tnieh a doing with novoral of tiio most tun of nl airs that one might have u&puuiuu; i-uu,y wuuiu uavu guiiu oui* Ul mvor »o haolced nbout wero' they. Howover, in September, 1889, with Miss Nellie Stewart in the namo part, Miss Fanny Liddiard as Lydia, and Mr. Elton as Lurcher, and nlmoBt tho same cast as on its first production, 'Dorothy' again made a dooided hit. Its rovival on Saturday at Hot Majosty's was marked by all thooaroandlavishncssofpreviousproduotions, and judging by tho way it was received and has beau since, it has as much vitality in it now as ever. A considerable nmount of interest centred in the appearanco of Mr. Lauri bb Lurcher, although everyone who know that he bud scored a groat hit in the obaraoter in tho States, was fully pre pared for tho oicollont representation that followed. Again, the re-appearance of Miss Clara Mcrivalo in Sydney was a matter of considerable interost. It was generally expected that Miss May Pollard ?would appear as Dorothy Bantam, as she has playod tho part on many provious occasions in Melbourne, Adelaide and Brisbane, and it yas not penorally known until Sunday morn ing why Miss Merivalo was so hurriedly sent for. Miss Pollard'B sudden indisposition was the cause, and Miss Mcrivale, who by way has not playod tbo part for somo two years, was wired for. Her arrival from Melbourne on Saturday morning only admitted of a hurried rehearsal, and to say that she acquitted hor Belf admirably undor these oircumstauaos is not saying a word too much. Mossrs. Gordou cud iirunton hava painted some appropriate ncenory, and the scenic artists dosorvo a special word of praise. Tho Hop Field is a beautiful set, and the Round C'oppico in Hermit's Oak is also exceedingly pretty. It was hardly oxnnctod that the dances arrangod by Miss Mario Kodrla.ll would moot with any special mark of approval from tho audience, for Iho simple reason that they huvo been Been hero beforo, and tbo dunce by the old cronies in tho lust act, which in 1883 was bo warmly applanded, was probably not re ilonrnnded because- it was not fo .well done. ?Undoubtedly' Miss Rcddall's ' efforts dosorvo favorable mention. Mr. Qoorgo Lauri, as be fore mentioned, is the now Luroher. Mr. Land is, no doubt, set aserics of hard tasks in having to follow Mr. Elton in parts mado famous horo by tho latter. We don't desire to nmko any comparison, but when one oome ? dian follows anothor iu n. oortain character people will discuss tho styles and mothods of tho two. It may bo horo said that ho almost instantly demonstrated tho fact that ho was qnite at homo in tho part. Ho scored bis first !iit an ho mado liisos.it after the sovero drubbine; at tho hands of tho rustics, his strut being so runny as to necessitate a recall. Again iu tho scene in Chanticleer Hall his biz was simply Immense. Unquestionably Mr. Lauri is a distinct advance on anything he has before shown tis. Miss. Elsie Cameron, as Mrs. l'rivett, musk participate in Mr. Lauri's ruccoss. Wo tako Miss Camoron uoxtbecause Lurcher and Mrs. Privott are associated right through tho second and third acts. Shoplayud op toliim splendidly, certainly once again stood out prominently, and desorves every credit. Miss Clara Murivalo's Dorothy Bantam is a oapital performance Taking into con Bidcration under what oiroumntanoes Miss Motivate appeared, ehe acquitted horsolf even hotter than wo anticipated. If her voice is not very powerful it is rich in tone, and her stylo is markoil by good method and roflne mont. She was a little unequal at times, notably in oho of tho quartettes, but as boforo mentioned, any shortcoming must most certainly bo overlooked, and for tho general excellence) of hor work Miss Merivalo must be complimented. She was enthusiastically en cored in 'Ho Wise in Time,' in which she vraa.assislfd by Miss Young, and also in tho hun tingsyngat the cud of tho secondaot, whero ; by'tlio way. tho hounds were missed from tho picture. Miss Florence Young was well cast us l.yilia Hiuvtlioi-iie. Sho has many chances iu tho Boncertuil-music, and her fine voice was board to great nilvatitagc. It is one of tho bappirsst of Miss Young's efforts. Miss Violet Vntlcy miide a pretty llltlo Pliyllia.nnd took fiill'ndvaiitaire of hor only chance, ' The Timo Jjh-1 t'ome,' iu tlio lust act. Miss ,V:ir)ey aang with such sircatness and nimplicilv that n. recall followed. Mr. Hunrv .jiraoy and lit. Charles Byley as Geoffrey Wilder and Harry Sherwood may bs cnntpliinnntcil. Mr. Braoy sang, the ballad, ' With Such a Dainty Damo None din Compare'' vory ivell indeed, and ' Though Horn a Man of High Degreo' was also oqually woll suup. Ho was in exceptionally good voice, itr. Kyley again appears to groat advantage, 'and' aided in a great measure to ? the success of the evening as Harry Sherwood. ' Mr. llyley has seldom Bun' bettor, and tho old familiar ' Queou of . My' -Heart.,' v.as admirably given, and to-duninmlort. Tlioro was one fault to bo found, liowover, with tho impersonation, and that is tho somewhat overdoing of his biz. A littlo . restraint might judiciously do exer cised; Mr. Howard Tornon sucoeBsfuIly rcHitiiicd his old , charaotcr of tho Squiro. anil his soiig 'Contentment : I Give Yon, hud to' be repeated. Miss M. Melrose ?m -Liuly.-Botty; Mr. Grundy as Tuppit, and Mr. Kosovonr as Tom Strutt did nil that was possiblo in thoir respective parts: Tha choruses wore dono. justice to, and it limy bo said ''Dorothy.' was in every way a big sticooss. Thero wore emphatic cul'ln nttho end of oaoh act. 'Dorothy will be repeated for six more nights only, ??;.'?'.:?'?? ????'. ?? ? ?Mr/ Front Smith had his nsualohango of programmo nt the Albambra on Monday, ? when tlioro was a good mustor.of Mr. Smith s putroiis. The now bill will rnn all the week. :.'.,? ? '.-. ' - ? . ?? ' ? ? Ooocee Aquarium is still a popular resort with the' public and Mr. Larmour has no ?reason' to complain of want of patronage. Hi3 latest novelty is tho great Katie Kingmystory, or fiftebn minutes with a ghost. This is an ex traordinary sight, and must bo Been to bo .believed. 9 -The new opora ''Bulbo,' which was pro duced at tho Brisbane Opora Houso last Batnrday night, bas arousod considoraolo in terest in tho northern city. Mr. H. 1. iiar , risbu is said to have devised a pioturcsquo and amusing work, taking Thaokoray a Xmas ?tory, 'Tlio Boso and tho King,' as tho basis of operations. Miss Aggio Kolton appears as ?EoMi'Lbti, Mr. C. M. Loutnano as Frraco Gigho, Mr. A. 0. Poulton as Princo Bulbo. Mr. John Wallaco, Mr. Denbigh Nowton, Miss Bolls Lindsay, and Miss Lotty Durand aro in tho tut. Mr. HarrUou'a handiwork to ttfu spoken of. ' Bulbo ' was to have boon stngod on ?yVodnesday's last, but owing to tho imlis piisition o! Miss Aggio Kolton, a postponement was necos.wy. On Saturday night tho audicneo was very enthusiastic. Amongst hoso pvcsnit woru tho viotor'ioun Queensland ootball team, who roooived an ovation on taking their scats. ' n O o Madamo Vandervoor Grcon has boon com pollod, through hor husband's busiuos3 ar rougoroonts, to postpone, hor doparturo for Ainorica until Soptombor 5, whon sho will sail )y tho Alameda. Sho originally intended to leavo on Monday by tho Monowai. To tho many friends who had arranged to soo this popular lady off this information may bo acceptable Miss Eoso Deoring, Mr. Frod Mason, and jho Fairy Four leavo by tho Norddoutohcr Lloyd etoamor Salior for Southampton to-day. O M O Carl Hertz and Mdllo D'Alton loft by tho Monojivai on Monday afternoon for Amorica. The Newcastlo season was not altogether a howling BucceBs. * ? « Wirth Bros.' Cirous and Eastern Show was at Auckland whon tho mail loft. Mr. L. J. Lohr arrived in Sydney from New castle on Saturday, and on Monday afternoon left for Melbourne. Ho arrives back this morning, and leaves by to-night's mail for Brisbano, -whoro ho will mako all arrange monts for tho advent of tho London Gaiety Company. This is pretty smart travelling.' 'Tho St. John and Wilkinson Comedy and Surlosque Company staged ' Aladdin' at tho Brisbane Itoj-al for tho last timo, on Saturday. Tho Wilson Forbes Dramatio Company oponod for a short season at tho Brisbano Gaiety on Monday. Mr. Forbes inolndoa in his company Miss Virginia Vivienno, Miss Lorna Forbes, Miss Carrio Goorgo, Miss Ada Law ronco and Mrs. Keigbtloy, and Messrs. M'Loan, Al£ Santley, Tom Buckley, G. Law rouco, Thoo. Kroinor, J. S. Lylo, A. B. Plumpton and others. 'Through the Shadows of Doath ' Vfas the opening pro duction. ? ? ? Mr. John F. Shoridau mado his farewell appearanoo in Melbourne on Monday, prior to his doparturo for England. A largo audienco assembled at the Theatre Koyal,tho Governor and tho Countess of Hopotoun being present. Mr. Sheridan commences his farowoll Sydney season on Saturday next at tho Garriok, ? * « Fitzgerald Bros. Circus aro now on tour in tho suburbs of Molbourno. Carlton is viiiited to-day, Fitzroy to-morrow, aud Richmond on Monday. ? ? a On Wednesday afternoon, next 'Teddy' Lonncii takes a bonolit at tho Melbourne Opora Houso. ' Carman up to Data ' will bo staged, and tho principal mombors of tho London Gaiety Company will appear in a number of sketchos from other burlesquos. ? ? ? The second week of ' In tho Ranks ' at tho Princess's Theatre, Molbourno, was com menced on Saturday night. Mr. George Big nold, as tho hero, is ably supported by Miss Watts-Phillips, Mrs. Bignold and the other members of tho company. Tho play vf ill be repeated during the week, and will bo with drawn on Saturday night next for the ' Silver King.' ? » ? Tho Opera House, Melbourne, was crowded in every part ou Saturday eveningj when 'Carman up to Data' was again performed by tho Gaiety Burlesque Company. Tho Aqk says : — Mr. Lonnen throws a wondorful nmount of spirit into his porformanoo of Don Jose, and exhibits a dogrce of versatility which has probably never been equalled in Melbourno. Ho is ably Beeonded by Mr. Conrtuoidgo, who makes his points very quiotly, but none tho loss offostivoly, and seems to rovol in burlesquing tho foibles of tho military. Miss Marion Hood does ample justice to the heroine, and sustains hor repu tation as a vocalist of no small degree of ex cellence. Miss Leaniar, in Susiannoh, is no loss successful than in Ta- ra-ra-boom-de-ay and Madame Dnvauno,Y»hilat Miss Lethbridgo contributes some very graceful danoes. Mias Addie Conyora makes an attractive Toreador, and Miss Barry gives a, very sprightly perfor mance of a bnddiug military horo. Tho inter polated ballots are very pretty, and tlio pieoe is staged with an oyo to effect and mastory of detail for which tho London Gaiety Company has become famous all' over the world. ? ? # '..The Green Bushes' was .produced by Mossrs. Boothman and Stark's Company at tho Alexandra Theatre, Melbourno, on Satur day night, and met with a very encouraging reception. . ? ? ? . The Lynch Family of Bollringors arrivod in Molbourne on Saturday from a successful provincial tour. During tho wook the com pany will appoar at Bendigo aud Castle maino en route to New South Walos and Queensland. a ..» b : Two new pioeos woro put before the Mel bourno publio by tho Brough and Bouoicault Company on Saturday night^viz., ' Tho Open Gate,' ft one act play by C. H. Chambers, and a throe aot farcical comedy, the joint produo tion of Messrs. tf. B. Sims, and C. Baleigh, ontitled 'Tho Grey Mare.' Tho Bijou audience recoived both pieces with great favor. , ? . ? ? Bland Holt's company opened to a good houso in tho Theatro Koyal, Adelaide, on Saturday, in ' A Sailor's Knot.' . * . ? ? . . Tho Theatre Boyal, Melbourne, on Satur day was woll fillod, when Mr. i'rank Cates took his bonofit. Mr. Cates made what is said to have been a. very successful appearanoo in 'Hamlet,' but the support uecorded was not very powerful in places Miss Aimde Moore was Ophelia aud Miss Emma Bronton tho Queon. As most of tho oast wore amatours- anything out of the way could not have been oxpeoted. . ? » , * Signor Maffozzoli was nooorded a bonefit in Molbonrno on Saturday. Thore was* large audionoo. _ Lottio Collins was to appear in Manchester, after which sho departs to America, boing under engagement to Daniel Frohman to appear in New York and sing ' Ta-ra-ra,' for which nho is to receive, so it is Eaid, ^£2-10 porwoek. Miss Collins' ohgagomont will only bo for i- brief period. I ahon Id think so at that price! M)sh Collins will, on her return to London, sing two new songs, both of which she believes will bo eveu more success ful thau 'Ta-ra-ra;' ill fact, sho does not know wbiob. to produeo first, bo Bays a London writer. ' # ' „ , , .. Vesta Tilley was to have gone to Douglas, Isle of Man, ot a big salary, for the August Bauk Holiday week. Later in tbo autumn she Btarts, as already mentioned, on a four teen weeks' tour with the new burlesque (expressly -written for hor), entitled ' Cartouche and Co.' This talented lady will enaot tho part of Dick in tho pantomiho of ' Dick 'Whittington,' at Christmas, at tho Theatro Eoyol, Glasgow, and next year she will also be undor engagement with Mosurs Howard and Wyndhnm. * *. ? ' ?? IBSEN'S W00IN0. , A curious anecdote 'm told by tho Vienna correspondent of tho Dailt News of Hetarik Ibsen's wooing of his wifo. Tho dramatist who haB ainco become so famou3 was then in eti'uotor of thoThoatro at Bergen, and thoug he had written ' Catilina,' ' Gildot paa Sol hftug ' and ' Fru Ingor til Oesteraad,' his famo was not auoh aa to secure his success. When ho fell in lovo with tho boautiful daughter of Pastor Tlioreson, how to mako known tho fact to her troublod him for weeks. At last ho resolved to write to her. Ho would coino and fetch his answer tho samo afternoon at five. Did the lady aocopt him, she would be ' at home,' otherwise not. A five o'clock ho orcsentod himself, and tho maid asked him 'to go into tho bost room. Ho was vory hopoful, and glad to have timo to collect himself beforo ho met tho lady. But when bo had waited half an hour awful doubta began to assail him. Aflor an hour had paused ho imagined tho lottor had not reacuod tlio vouug lady. Sotno fatal mistako was making a fool of him. Still ho waited on. After'two hours ho began to bo n^hamod of him self. She would learn that ho had sat two hours iu that desorted houso, aud would laugh at him. At last ho jumpod up in a rago and ran to tho door. Ho was opening it whon a loud peal of laughter arrested him. Ho turnod and saw tho fair head of his adored omergo from under tho sofa. Hor mouth was laugh ing but horoyos woro fillod with tears. 'Oh! you dear good follow to wait all this while,' Bho said ' I wanted to soo how many minutos a lover's pationco lasts. How hard tbo floor is ! Now help me to got ont, and then wo will talk.' In ltas than ft vro»k thojnarriaso wm arrange. 