TIGHT IiACEfG. Yet there are girls who lace their corsets to "nineteen inches. Their bare existence is a conundrum, if we assume that all females are borne with thoracic and abdominal organs. These are things which are only remotely brought to men's attention when they have to pay their wives' and daughters' doctor bills. But they can not help inferring, from the fashion-plates in illustrated news papers, that a diseased appetite for wasp-like figures has succeeded the Jeimess Miller craze. Supreme beauty is said to consist in the widest possible contrast, between the waist and the shoulders above and the hips below. It is an ancient heresy. The stock argu ments against tight lacing wil be found in all writers on female costume, from the SjteMor to Life. But as the polite Addison and the brilliant Steele did not succeed in enlarging the British waist by so much as a single inch.ixi the beginning of the eighteenth century, so the dia tribes of the doctors and the sarcasms of the press will probably fail to expand the Am erica u waist at the close of the nineteenth. If fashion decrees, our girls will cultivate waists which can be circled by the two hands of their lovi>rs; for it is a received doctrine that a woman is a mere lay figure, upon which any hump or hoop, or farthingale may be fastened tliat fashion-mongers choose. Tight lacing impedes the circulation of the blood. This tells at both ends. It incarnadines the end of the nose and it freezes the toes. A girl who laces too tight can be picked out in a crowd by her red nose- And that organ, being deprived of a well distributed blood sup ply. shrinks in substance and becomes I peaked. Then there is auothor sure in- ! dicatiou cf overtight lacing. Tl>e tight lacer will always have cold feet. The blood which should warm them has beeu checked in its downward flow, and has returned to the heart. "When a girl coui plaius of ccld feet, especially towards evening, it is always safe to inquire iuto the condition of her corset. Besides checking the flow of blood, tight lacing displaces all the central organs of the body. The waist of a ship is that . por tion which lies between the forecastle and the quarter deck, the waist of a woman is that portion which lies between the respiratory organs and the abdominal system ; and, as iu the ship, the heaviest guns and the magazines are in the waist, so the female waist contains the most important organs of the body, the heart, the liver, the stomach, and the spleen. Compression of the ribs displaces :ill these organs. It drives the heart iuto one lung and the liver into the other. It crowds the stomach so close to the duo denum that it can hardly find room for the work of digestion. The result is a series of diseases which are known by Greek names in modem science, but which among laymen are mentioned by the old names of indigestion, heart disease, torpid liver, and dyspepsia. One fashion, too, leads to another. Small waists sooner or later lead to large hoops -as the history of costume shows. "When the marquise of the regence dropped her waist to twenty or tweuty-one inches, she expanded her hoop till the circum ference which touched the ground mea sured eight feet, and, on windy days, the prevailing fashion in garters became ail open secret. "We have had some experi ence of tilting hoops in this country. Xet, if the wasp waist becomes a settled fashion, ladies may fust as well make up their minds to the revival of the monstr ous hoops of tweuty-five years ago, and papa's must prepare for the construction of elevators in their private residences. "Whether 'those balloon-hoops were or were not comfortable, mere men are. per haps. not qualified to judge. "When they were in the height of their glory, it was said that they were a frequent cause of divorce, as there was not room in a carriage for a husband to sit by the side of his wife. They must have been chilly garments, and a lady, when she got into one,niust have felt like a gastero pod mollusk when it popped out of its shell at the approach of winter. If they should again become the fashion, their svearers may possibly make another and a successful attempt to capture the gar ment which is generally, though errone ously supposed to be peculiar to men. It is not commonly known that the first wears.of breetches were women: that they were the ordinary costume of the giris of Judea, when your common Jew always went about in petticoats. Men stole the garment from .women ; if the latter want it back, they have the same excuse that Bismarck had for annexing Alsace and Lorraine. The sensible girl of the period will meet the attempt to restore small waists by discarding the old iashioued corset altogether, aud byadopt iug the comfortable garment- to" which Mrs -Jeuness jtfillcr lias given her name, or one of the corset-waits which have been .constructed on. its model. Thus shall she lead a. youth without pain and a womanhood without doctors- shall she be a joy in her mother's household and a prize for which all men will secretly pine. We can assure young ladies that men do not admire hour-glass figures. Looking forward, through the dim dis tance to tlieelvsiumof bliss which crowns a successful courtship, a well- balanced luau wants a girl whose waist will fit iuto th^ crook of his arm. And Angelina should be told that if she divides her stomach into two lobes through tight lacing, her Edwin will know perfectly well to wliai cause to ascribe the strange noises which roarand rumble around liis Angelina's equatorial zone. -Sau Fran- I cisco AnjfHHud. Aii old man entered a crowded street-ear, and seeing a boy seated "in tlie corner, asked if lie -would give liim liis seat. " Naw," said the boy. " Do 3-0U think tliat is showing the respect to age that is "becoming in a boy ? X£ your father were to come into this ear now, wouldn't 3-ou get up and give him a seat?" "Betclier life,'' said the boy; "I aiu't ridin' in a street-car -w^th anv ghost." . _" 