HYPNOTISM AND HUMBUG. Ernest TIaut, ix thc " Kj.vktec.vth Gestdrv.") In 1S37 the French Academy appointed a commission to examine the marvels of blindfold subjects who had been submitted to what was called animal magnetism. All their pretensions were dissipated; there was - neither magnetism nor any po- ver of second sight. This report was disputed. Dr. Bur din then offered a prize of 3,000 franco lo any person, somnambulist or otherwise, who would read without the use of his eyes. Six candidates from different parts of Franco presented themselves, for animal magnetism and somnambulism were then epidemic. A new commission was appointed, new failures occurred. Trials went on until October 1840, when, at the close of a series of ig nominious failures, in which the tricks of each pretender in succession were unmasked, the Academy decided that it would no longer respond to any communications relative to this imposture and folly, miscalled animal magnetism and clairvoyance. The same thing occurred with Sir James Simpson, who twenty years afterwards, when similar pretence3 were rife in the United Kingdom and somnambulists and clairvoyants" and thaughtfeaders were taking the stage again offered to present- a £500 note, which ho. had locked in a box and placed in a bank, to any one who could road the number as it lay in the box. The lioto was never claimed. Mr. Labouchero's similar experiment with the so-called though- reader Bishop ia of quite recent date, but was performed under much less rigid circumstances, and by a person whose pretensions, although they oxoited a great deal of attention, were more than usually absurd. \- Finally, let me refer to an aspect of the influence of suggestion which as a possible social danger has engaged the attention of lawyers and physicians—the influence of de ferred suggestion. It has been shown that not only will a hypnotic subject perform un consciously, under the influence of sugges tion, acts which are dangerous to himself and _ others, and which are in themselves criminal—so that he can be made to thieve, to commit arson, or to attempt violence— but that certain subjects can, there is reason to believe, be made to receive a suggestion having in it a time-element. He can be told, 1 On this day week, at a given time, you will return to the hypnotic state, you will go to a given place, you will steal such and such property, or you will attack such and such a person, and you will not remember who gave you the direction.' Theso are extreme cases, and this is a surprising and dangerous development of the influence (if suggestion on the trained and practised hypnotic—that is to say, on the person who has habitually surrendered his will and made himself the creature of another. So complex is the brain as an organ of mind, that wo cannot attempt to fully ex plain the mechanism of this operation; but there are facts within our ordinary know .ledge which give some clue even to this. There is a time- element in all nerve actions and the operations of the brain. It is a vrry common thing for a person who pnts himself to sleep at night to say to himself, ' I will wake at six o'clock to-morrow morn ing, for I havo to catch a train.' That is a familiar example of a deferred suggestion operating at a moment indicated several hours before. In abnormal conditions of the nervous system, a shaking lit of aguo will return at the same hour every third day on overy fourth day. The sensation of hunger is periodic according to the habit of the hour of eating. This periodic chronometric and involuntary operation of the nervous system is imported into hypnotism. There are other more complicated examples of time element in the active and passive functions of the brain. Thero are the two or three well- observed and thoroughly authenticated instances in which persons have been found to live two different lives, with different mental characters, different capacities, i.fc.reg ular intervals in the course of the year, know ing nothing and remembering nothing during the ono period of what, they were thinking or doing in the other. Which of theso should bo considered the normal state of brain circu lation, and which the abnormal or hypnotic, ifc would bo difficult to determine ; but to recall these facts suffices to indicate that the introduction of the time-clement in deferred suggestion has nothing of the super natural, implies no conferring on the indi vidual of iigw powers, and is only the intro duction into advanced and highly developed stages of hypnotism of a functional action which is more or less natural with all brains. The only other example to which I need refer of the attempt to import into the subjective phenomena which I have described tho element of tho supernatural and tho dis covery of an unknown force, is that of the so-called spiritualists and the telepachisb. This is only a revival under a new form of the old follies ctnd decc ptions—oftun sel:-dee<>p tions, and still moreoften impostures—i.ai:Ii surrounded the earlier introductions of the errors of tho magnetisers, tho spiritual;?L.-;, and the mesmerists of the middle ages. The second-sight and clairvoyance of the witches mid the demoniacs, of the mystics and the the mesmerists, having been exposed and discredited, the same thing is still fro.n timo to time revived wider new names more suited to a generation which has got rid of some of the wardrobe of the pist. Telepathy sounds better to modern ears than mesmeric trance or clairvoyance ; it has no substantial foundation. It is an attempt to discover whether it is possible to sec without eyes, to hear without ears, to rcceivo or convey impression without the aid of the special senses. Tho spirit-rappers, the Davenports, tho Bishops, and thought readers, the animal magnetisers, haver dropped into darkness, and are bnrried ir» the mud. Telepathy is a silly attempt fci> receive in a pseudo- scientific form such as self-dcception of this kiud has always Hsumed, but in a very feeble form, and with very futilo and inane results, the failures and impostures of the past. Happily it is confind to a few, and those, I am ashamed to say, chiefly in this couutry. It has iv feeble and lingering existence, and is un doubtedly destined to dio immaturely. To conclude, then, theso delusions, this miracle- mongering, these disordered vi-inns and hysteric hallucinations, this exploitation of the love of tho mysterious, these psoudo magnetic attractions, theso sham sen nr.iiic iloatings in the air or fixations of tho bod}', these thought-readings and foretellings.these vain pronouncements concerning unseen worlds and invisible planes of being, tlicse playings on tlio fears, the hopes, the feeble senses, the eager imaginations, and tho ill balanced reason of the masses, are as old as, nay, apparently older than, history. Some times in this, as in other things, wo »ro tempted to ask, 'Does the world make any process, or are we still moving on the same planes and in the same grooves of ignornnce and superstition, knavery, folly, and self deception 5' I think we may lind comfo:T, however, in the historical review. It is fcmo that we have still with us the spiritists, the stage' hypnotists, the living magnets, tho Mahntmns, the belated psychical researcherj and the ghost seers. But they are only the stunted remnants, tho vestigial and atrophied traces indicating tho laS-cr stages of ages of development, in whica wo have outgrown the period when such lollies and fallacies were tho almosb universal heritage of mankind ; when they led to burnings, drownings, torture, and wholesale misery ; when the cataleptic* anil hypnotics were counted by thousands at a time, and sometimes by hundreds of thou sands ; when imposture was widespread asd high placed ; when philosophers were the dupes of their own self-deception ; and wheni the mischiefs, of hypnotic suggestion were extended over large districts, and sapped tho reason and ruined tho lives of thousands. There art> still performances, and still publi cations which in their follies and their capaci ties for mischief rival some of those of the darkest periods of ignorance and superstition, but they are now curiosities and eccentricities, and provoke laughter and amusement where formerly they would have led to insanity anci persecution. 