Storyettes In an Albany club the wine cellar was i Strangely depleted of its contents. Bottle | alter bottle of champagae disappeared, and 3 locks 6eemed no bar against tbe tbirsty j thieves. Finally a new superintendent was | placed in charge, and he seemed to bea man ! of an ingenious turn of mind. He put new j locks upon the cellar, but he did not mean to place his dependence wholly upon iron bolts. So he secured a remarkabiy ngly bull-bog, with a very misanthropic disposi- j tion, and abut him in tbe cellar. There the j brute stays all the time, except for half an j hour daily, whsn he is given a run in the i sunlight. The do.^ has no taste for chain- { pa^ne, and now the wine stays where it is ! put until it is wanted in tbe cafe. f There has never been an instance of j "gracio!isoess"like the visit of the Duke de Nivernais, in the seventeenth century, to his dying steward. Wishing to see bow matters stood with the poor fellow, the duke stepped into the rojm, and had the extreme condescension to make personal iuquiry into the state of his health. The steward, utterly bewildered by the honor, raised himself in bed with great difficulty, and said, in a tone of the most abject humility: " I hope your grace will not be offended at my dying in your presence ?" The duke, deeply touched, answered : " Not in the least, my good friend; do not mind me." Whereupon, the steward availed himself of the; gracious permission of his master, and jfeave up the ghost. Professor Delbruck has recently pub lished tome interesting souvenirs about the Emperor Frederick the Third and his family. Here is an amusing anecdote about the order that reigned in tbe household while Frederick was Crown Prince: One day the Grown Princess said to the butler, oue of the oldest servants and one j who bad ibe reputation of having a will of i his own: I " 1 ordered some Apollinaris water several | weeks ago, and should like to taste it; has j it not yet arrived?" The old domestic replied : j ''Imperial Highness, there is still in the cellar a lot of bottles of seltzar water that must be drunk first!" Ali the persons at table broke out into laughter. The Crown Prince, after having him self joined in the hilarity, said, in a eeriouo tone; " My friend, when tbe Crown Princess j orders you to do anything, I beg you to obey her." "One day," said a veteran, in a recent ] interview with Eli Perkins, .. I met an old j soldier who had b-^eu wounded in the face, and when I asfced hiui in what battle he had been injured, he said : * I got it at the first day at Shiloh, sir.' * But how could you get hit in the face at Shiloh?' 1 asked. ' Well, sir,' said he, half-apologeticaliy, ' after 1 had run a mile or two I got careless and looked back.' This story reminds me of how one of Ells worth's Fire Zouaves killed his first Con federate. lie said ti:at he marched out tu the battle of 'Julia Run, ana when about < bait way there, he met a Johnny Beb. m ambush. ' What did yo'i do then ?' I asked. ' Well, sir,' he answered, . I drew out my revolver and he drew out his bowie- kniie, and then I took tbe lead from the j start, and kept it clear into Washington city, and ' * But how did you kill the man V ' lion him to death,' was the reply." In " making up" newspapers, or the piecing together of different paragraphs into columns, two separate items will, some | times, be jumbled together and mosi amus ! ing results appear. I A French ne wspaper had a good specimen of this kind of mixture : " Dr. "X. has been appointed bead phvsi cian to the ilopitai de la Charite. Orders have been issued by the authorities for the immediate extension of the Cimetiere de Parnasse." The New Haven journal, some time ago made a curious jumble of two items. One read: " A large cast-iron wheel, revolving nine hundred ximes a minute, exploded ia this ' ' city yesterday, alter a long and painful ill ness. Deceased was a prominent thirtj - second degree Mason." The other paragraph detailed how: j ' "John Faadea, the well-known florist and i real estate broker, of Newport, B.I., died in Wardiner and Bussell'a sugar mill, at Cry- ! stal Lake, on Saturday, doing considerable damage to tbe building aud injuring several workmen severely." : Ben. JoQson was once requested to revise some proofs-full of typographical and other errors, but he declined, and recommended that they should be sent to the house of cor rection. Many anecdotes are narrated to illus trate tne tact required in dealing with lunatics. Among the inmates of an asylum was a man who was considered perfectly harmless, but who, having no home was allowed to remain there, being employed to show visitors around. The doctor went on the roof with Mm one day to see about repairing it, when the man suddenly turned aud suggested that they should jump to the ground together. Im- i mediately tne doctor replied : " No, don't let's do that. Any one can jump down. Let's go down and see if we can jump up," Tbe lunatic considered the point " well taken," and agreed. The head of a private asylum in England was in the bath-room watcning a number of lunatics bathe, when one of them called out, " Let's duck the doctor 1" and they all took up the cry. Seeing his danger, the doctor said at once: " All right boys; bat suppose you give a cheer tor him first." And the noise of their cheering brought the keepers to his rescue. The same doctor was in a room with a lunatic, who, by some means, had possessed himself of a carving Knife. The lunatic informed him gravely that he had been ordained by God to cut him into little pieces, and, much as he regretted it,he Bhould be obliged to do it. '? Very well," said the doctor; 41 of course, if that is tbe case, I shall make no attempt to prevent you; but I see your knife needs sharpening. Allow me to fetch a; grindstone for you." Aud no objection being raised, the quick witted doctor made his escape. Old.,man (solemnly): " My young friend, who Was ttiat who just asked you to go and have a drink ?" I Young man: "Barney Jones. He's a friend of mine." ' Old man (with continued solemnity): | " Nay, my young friend, he is an enemy of yours." j Young man: "Well, I don't know but what you're right. Barney gave me two or I three sure things on yesterday's races that J made me walk home. You can't tell nowadays, old man, whe your friends are." -One of the strongest characteristics of genius is the power of lighting its own fixe. A remarkable action, in which Pope Leo XIII." is tbe defendant, is about to be tried before the Civil Tribunal of Montdider, near Ameins. Some months ago tbe Marchioness | de Plesses Believre died, leaving a will by which she left the bulk of lier property, real and personal, to the Pope. The will is dis puted by the natural heirs of the deceased lady-collaterals-on the ground that the Pope, being a spiritual sovereign, cannot acquire property on French soil, 