OUR NOVEL. NADA THE LILY. By H. RIDER HAGGARD COPYRIGHT, 1891, BY H. RIDER HAGGARD. [All Rights Reserved.] CHAPTER XXX. THE COMING OF NADA. ONE night-it was a night of full moon I sat alone with Umslopogaas in my hut, and we spoke of the matter of our plans then, when we had finished it, we spoke of Nada the Lily. "Alas! my uncle," said Umslopogaas sadly, "we shall never look more on Nada; she is surely dead or in bonds, otherwise she had been here long ago. I have sought far and wide, and can hear no tidings and find nothing." "all that is hidden is not lost," I an swered; yet I myself believed that there was an end of Nada. Then we were silent a while, and pre sently, in the silence, a dog barked. We rose and crept out of the hut to see what it might be that stirred, for the night drew on, and it was needful to he wary, since a dog might bark at the stirring of a leaf, or perbaps it might be the distant footfall of an impi that it heard. We had not far to look, for standing gazing at the huts, like one who is afraid to call was a man, tall and slim, holding an assegai in one hand and a little shield in the otner. We could not see the face of the man, because the light was behind him, and a ragged blanket hung about his shoulders. Also, he was footsore, for he rested on one leg. Now, we were peering round the hut, and its shadow hid us, so that the man saw nothing. For a while he stood still, then he spoke to himself, and his voice was strangely soft. "Here are many hints," said the voice, "now how may I know which is the house of my brother? Perhaps if I call I shall bring soldiers to me, and be forced, to play the man before them, and I am weary of that. Well, I will lay here under the fence till morning; it is a softer bed than I have found, and I am foredone with travel - sleep I must," and the figure sighed and turned so that the light of the moon fell full upon its face. My father, it was the face of Nada, my daughter, whom I had not seen for so many years, yet across the years I knew it at once; yes, though the bud had be come a flower I knew it. The face was weary and worn, but ah! it was beautiful, never before nor since have I seen such beauty, for there was this about the love- liness of my daughter the Lily: it seem ed to flow from within - yes, as light will flow through the thin rind of a gourd, and in that she differed from the other women of our people, who, when they are fair are fair with the flesh alone. Now, my heart went out to Nada as she stood in the moonlight, one forsaken, not having where to lay her head, Nada, who akibe was left alive of all my children. I motioned to Umslopogaas to hide himself in the shadow, and stepped forward. "Ho!" I said roughly, "who are you, wanderer, and what do you here?" Now Nada started like, a frighten ed bird, but quickly gathered up her thoughts, and turned upon me in a lordly way. "Who are you that ask me?" she said. feigning a mans voice. "One who can use a stick upon thieves. and night prowlers, boy. Come, show your business or be moving. You are not of this people; sure that moocha is of a Swazi make, and here we do not love Swazis." "Were you not old, I would beat you for your insolence," said Nada, striving to look brave and all the while searching a way to escape. "Also, I have no stick, only a spear, and that is for warriors, not for old umfagozan like you." Ay, my father, I lived to hear my daughter name me an umfagozan - a low fellow! Now, making pretence to be angry, I leaped at her with my kerrie up, and, for getting her courage, she dropped her spear, and uttered a little scream. But she still held the shield before her face. I seized her by the arm, and struck a blow upon the shield with my kerrie - it would scarcely have crushed a fly, but this brave warrior trembled sorely. "Where now is your valour, you who name me umfagozan!" I said; "you who cry like a maid and whose arm is soft as a maids." She made no answer, but hugged her tattered blanket round her, and, shifting my grip from her arm, I seized it and rent it, rent it, showing her breast and shoulder; then I let her go, laughing, and said - "Lo! here is the warrior that would beat an old umfagozan for his insolence, a warrior well shaped for war! No, my pretty maid who wander at night in the garment of a man, what tale have you to tell? Swift with it, lest I drag you to the chief as his prize! The old man seeks a new wife, they tell me!" Now, when Nada saw that I had dis covered her she threw down the shield after the spear, as a thing that was of no more avail; and hung her head sullenly. But when I spoke of dragging her to the chief then she flung herself upon the ground, and clasped my knees, for since I called him old, she thought that this chief could not be Umslopogaas. "Oh, my father," said the Lily, "oh, my father, have pity on me! Yes, yes! I am a girl, a maid - no wife - and you who are old, you, perchance have daughters suchy as I, and in their name I ask for pity. Myfather, I have journeyed far, I have endured many things, to find my way to a kraal where my brother rules, and now it seems that I have come to the wrong kraal. Foregive me that I spoke to you so, my father; it was but a woman's feint, and I was hard pressed to hide my sex, for my father, you know it is ill to be a lonely girl among strange men." Now, I said no word in answer, for this reason only: that when I heard Nada call; me father, not knowing me, and saw her clasp my knee's and pray to me in my daughters name, I, who was childless save for her, went nigh to weeping. But she thought that I did not answer her because I was angry and about to drag her to this unknown chief, and prayed the more even with tears. "My father," she said, "do not this wicked thing by me. Let me go and [The sole right of publication in West Aus tralia has been purchased by the proprietors.] show me the path that I shall ask, you who are old; you know that I am too fair to be dragged before this chief of yours. Hearken! All I knew are slain, I am alone except for this brother whom I seek. Oh! if you betray me may such a fate fall upon your own daughter also! May she also know the day of slavery, and the love that she wills not!" and she ceased, sobbing. Now I turned my head and spoke to- wards the hut, "Chief ," I said, "your Ehlose is kind to you tonight, for he has given you a maid as fair as the Lily of the Halakazi" (here Nada glanced up wildly). "Come, then, and take the girl." Now, Nada turned to snatch up the assegai from the ground, but whether to kill me, or the chief she feared so much, or herself, I do not know, and as she turned in her woe she called upon the name of Umslopogaas. She found the assegai, and straightened herself again. And lo! there before her stood a mighty chief leaning on an axe; but the old man who threatened her was gone - not very far, in truth, but round the corner of the hut. Now Nada the Lily looked, then rubbed her eyes, and looked again. "Surely I dream?" she said at last. "But now I spoke to an old man, and in his place there stands before me the shape of one whom I desire to see." "I thought, maiden, that the voice of a certain Nada called upon one Umslopo- gaas," said he who leaned upon the axe. "Ay, I called: but where is the old man who treated me so scurvily? Nay, what does it matter? - where is he, there let him stop. At least, you are Umslopo gaas, my brother, or should be by your greatness and the axe. To the man I cannot altogether swear in this light; but to the axe I can swear, for once it passed so very near my eyes." Thus she spoke on, gaining time, and all the time she watched Umslopogaas till she was sure that it was he and no other. Then she made an end of talk, and, fling- ing herself on him, she kissed him. "Now I trust that Zinita sleeps sound," murmured Umslopogaas, for suddenly he remembered that Nada was no sister to him as she deemed. Nevertheless, he took her by the hand and said, "Enter, sister. Of all maidens in the world you are the most welcome here, for know I thought you dead." But I, Mopo, ran into the hut before her, and when she entered she found me sitting by the fire. "Now, here, my brother," said Nada, pointing at me with her finger, "here is that old umfagozan, that low fellow, who, unless I dream, but a very little while ago rought shame upon me - ay, my brother, he struck me, a maid, with his kerrie, and that only because I said that I would stab him for his insolence, and he did worse : he swore he would drag me to some old chief of his to be a gift to him, and this he was about to do, had you not come. Will you suffer these things to go unpun- ished, my brother?" Now, Umslopogaas smiled grimly, and I answered - "What was it that you called me just now, Nada, when you prayed me to pro- tect you? Father was it not?" and I turned my face towards the blaze of the fire; so that the full light fell upon it. "Yes, I called you father, oldman. It is not strange, for a homeless wanderer must find fathers where she can - and yet! no, it cannot be - so changed - and that white hand? And yet, oh! who are you? Once there was a man named Mopo, and he had a little daughter, and she was called Nada - Oh! my father, my father, I know yon now!" "Ay, Nada, and I knew you from the first; through a;l your man's wrappings I knew you after all these many years." So the Lily fell upon my neck and sobbed there, and I remember that I also wept. Now, when she had sobbed her fill of joy, Umslopogaas brought Nada the Lily maas to eat and mealie porridge. She ate of the curdled milk, but of the porridge she would not eat, saying that she was too weary. Then she told us the tale of her wander ings since she had fled away from the side of Umslopogaas at the stronghold of the Halakasi, and it was long, that I will not repat it, for it is a story by itself. This I will say only : that she was captured by robbers, and for a while passed herself off among them as a youth. but in the end they found her out and would have given her as a wife to their chief, only she per suaded them to kill the chief and make her their ruler. They did this because of that medicine of the eyes which Nada had only among women, for as she ruled the Halakazi so she ruled the robbers. But, at the last, they all loved her, and she gave it out that she wed the strongest. Then some of them fell to fighting - for it came about that Nada bought death upon the robbers as on all others - she escaped, for she said that she did not wish to look uppon their struggle but would await the upshot in a place apart. After that had many further adventures, but at length she found an old woman who guided her on her way to the Ghost Mountain. And who this old woman was none could discover, but Galazi swore afterwards that she was the Stone Witch of the mountain, who put on the shape of an old woman to guide Nada to Umslopo gaas, to be the sorrow and the joy of the People of the Axe.. I know not, yet it seems to me that the old witch would scarcely have put off her stone for so small a matter. Now, when Nada had made an end of her tale, Umsloppgaas told his, of how things had gone with Dingaan. When he told her how he had given the body of the girl to the king, saying that it was the Lily's stalk, she said that it was well done, and when he told of the slaying of the traitor she clapped her hands, though Nada, whose heart was gentle, did not love to hear the deeds of death. At last he finished, and she was somewhat sad, and said that it seemed her fate followed her, and that now the People of the Axe were in danger at the hands of Dingaan because of her. "Ah! my brother," she cried, catching Umslopogaas by the hand, "it were better that I should die than that I should bring evil upon you also." "That would not mend matters, Nada," he answered. "For whether you be dead or alive, the hate of Dingaan is already earned. Also, Nada, know this: I am not your brother." When the Lily heark these words she uttered a little cry, and, letting fall the hand of Umslopogaas, clasped mine, shrinking up against me. "What is this tale, my father?" she asked. "He who was my twin, he with whom I was bred up, says that he has deceived me these many years, that he is not my brother; who then, is he, father?" "He is your cousin, Nada." "Ah," she anawered, "I am glad. It would have grieved me had he whom I have no part," and she smiled a little in the eyes and at the corners of her mouth. "But tell me this tale also." So I told her of the story of the birth of Umslopogaas; for I trusted her. "Ah," she said; when I had finished, "ah! you come of a bad stock, Umslopo- gaas, though it be a kingly one. I shall love you little henceforth, child of the hyaena man." "Then that is ill news," saidUmslopo gass, "for know, Nada, I desire now that you should love me more than ever - that you should be my wife and love me as your husband." Now the Lily's face grew, sad and sweet, and all the hidden mockery went out of her talk-for Nada loved to mock. "Did you not speak to me on that night in the Halakasi caves, Umslopogaas? -did you not speak to me of one Zinita, who is your wife, and Inkosikasi of the People of the Axe?" Then the brow of Umslopogaas darken- ed: "What of Zinita?" he said. "It is true she is chieftainess; is it not allowed to a man to take more than one wife?" "So I trust," answered Nada, smiling, "else men would go unwed for long, for few maids would take them who then must labour alone all their days. But, Umslopogaas, if there are twenty wives, yet one must be first. Now this has come about hitherto : that wherever I have been it has been thrust upon me to be first, and perhaps it might come about once more? what then, Umslopogaas?" "Let the fruit ripen before you pluck it, Nada," he answered. "If you love me and will wed me, it is enough." "I pray that it may not be more than enough," she said, stretching out her hand, to him; "Listen, Umslopogaas: ask of my father here what were the words I spoke to him many years ago, before I was yet a woman, when, with my mother, Macropha, I left him to go among the Swazi people. It was after you had been borne away by the lion, Umslopogaas, I told my father that I would wed no man all my life, because I loved only you, who were dead. My father reproached me, saying that I must not speak thus of my brother, but it was my heart spoke and it spoke truly; for see, Umslopogaas, you are no brother to me! I have kept that vow. How many men have sought me in wedlock since I became a woman, Umslopogaas? I tell you that they are as the leaves upon a tree. Yet I have given myself to none, and this has been my fortune : that none have sought to constrain me to marriage. Now I have my reward, for he whom I lost is found again, and to him alone I give my love. Yet, Umslopogaas, beware! Little luck has come to those who have loved me in the past; no, not even to those who have but sought to look on me." "I will bear the risk, Nada," the Slaughterer answered, and gathering her to his great breast he kissed her. Presently she slipped from his arms and bade him begone, for she was weary and would rest. So he went. (To be continued.) 