VICTORIAN MEMS. The brass band of the Victorian poll ce force has contributed £136 to charities during the past 12 months. New regulations for tbe equipment of ehlps with life-saviug appliances to come into operation on 1st prux. The diamonds tracing out Victoria's stores ot coal. Four new finds of payable coal reported in a week. The three principal streets of Melbourne are to be. furnished with 633 arc lights and 2000 incandescent lamps. Sic transit. Darriwell, tbe winner of the 1879 Melbourne Cup, has jut been sold in Queensland for £4 10j. Another post office official has been caught red-handed opening letters and stealing contents. This time at Geelocg. The farmers and poultry-breeders in the Rochester district of Victoria are complaining bitterly of the increase of vuipiue population. The cost of the Charities Commission's report to the country would be sufficient to feed the unemployed ot Melb:urne for a lengthened period. Mr. Allison Smith and Mr. Wheeler say that the ehaiga made by Mr. Quttrim again*^ the locomotive superintendent n the railways is of s meet serious nature. It cannot bo lightly passed over. A clsar pign of the pressure of bard times in Melbourne ia seen iu the decision of the tramway company not to pay a dividend next month. The Gjvernment has secured the Olympia Hall, in Fiinders-street, Melbourne, as the headquarters of the Government labor Bureau. During last month 19.781 baskets of fish were sold in Melbourne, not to mention " other kinds" and thousands of rabbits and wild fowl. The Givernment contemplate an excise duty of 3i. per gallon on beer, iccreased duties on spirits and winee, auda tax on the improved value of land. Is that a sign of better times 1 The milway revenue in Victoria last week was £1341 better than that received for the corresponding week last year. Retrenchment which will aggravate the unemployed dtesulty. Government proposes to reduce the special grants to municipalities from £75,(00 to .£25,000. A reduction of £300.000 is to be made in the Victorian public expenditure for the current year. This means a further addition to the ranks of the unemployed. Marine Board framing regulations for the cinfrol of boats, to avoid the possibility of any farther accidents like that which occurred to the Morning ton footballers. The police are taking action against the leaders of the unemployed with the view of topping legal prcceseiona. They have issuer 12 EummuEBe3 against effanders. Railway travellers are beginning to ask themselves why the door of carriages on country trains should nearly always be locked. Should a train catch fire, what then 1 A Mildura settler took £42 13i. 21. last season from a strawberry patch about a tenth of an acre in extent, and his 100 apricot trees yielded one case and a half of fruit each. Victoria's annual share in the £237,736 agreed upon by the colonial Governments for the transmission of cablegrams between Australia and Great Britain amounts to £15,000. Progressive Victoria. From Geelong to Melbourne, 45 miles, iu an hoar and threequarters by rail. If thiB Bort of reform is to become general, we may expect a resuscitation ot Cobb's coaches. Daring last year 45,466 acres of Crown lands passed out of the hands of the Queensland Government. The total amount represented V>v these sales was £53,933, of which £14,014 was deposited. The yield of gold at Btsndigo last month was 14,624oz. } being an increase of 1052 z over May last year. The yield for five monthsof the present year was 11.500cz. in excess the same period of last year. The manager of the Mutual Provedoring Cjmpany rtceivi-d an order from an upcountrv station lately for "a dozen of your best New Zsaland souls in ice." He sent him a dozen solbs as a substitute. Saup kitchen for the distressed unemployed at Pcahran ia beiug established by the local Ladies' Benevolent Society, assisted bv the city council. Tne former will make the soup and th<j latter will pay the piper. The Mint is not affected by the " depression" some folks are al wars talking of. Gild received last week, 15,997 z. Value of >;o!d coin and bullion issued, £88,303 4). 11. The lour and elevenpence may be demmed. The Minister ot R always denies any knowledge of the concession made by the Acting CommissonerB to the Shearen>' Union, but eays be wouid prepared to make a Bimilar concession to any other body iu like circumstances. The Charities Commission has raised a monument to itsel!—in paper. It has built up a beautiful volume of 1488 pag.-a, at the magnificent cost to the country of £1650 lor printing alone, " cost of preparation not given." Canon Chalmers 1 , of Brighton, Melbourne, semis to have the cordial sympathies of the community in which he has so long resided, nis brother clergy and the churches he has served will present him with the insignia of his new episcopal office. The Postal Department has entered into arrangements with the postal authorities of Egypt to increase the maximum weight ol packets and samples between both countries from 8z. to 12 z The new order will take effect from the 1st July. Mr. Oattrim and the Railway Department are at loggerheads. He charges them with kuinbugsibg and checkmating him over the coal experiments, and declares that public cfibers have proved thoroughly disloyal to the best intorsslu of the calocy. The Age states that the Commission appointed to inquire into the matter find that the middleman is responsible for an increase of about 300 per cent, on the price of fish before the consumer ia reached, and after the fish leaves the fieharmen'd boats. Batter bonuses by Victoria are to be reduced. Considering the allegations made (and gome proved) as to the abuses of this trade, it ie not surprising that this action has been decided upon. Meanwhile our dairy farmers export without bonus. A crowd on Saturday evening assembled at the CollinB-Btreet Coffee Palace in Melbourne, attracted by the -belief that a criminal was beiug searched for. When it was learned that smallpox was believed to be in the house, the crowd " rapiilly melted away." The body of Emily Williams, i ei Mather, was exhumed on Friday morning, and buried in the Church of Eaglan i portion of the cemetery. Her skull was buried with the body, together with an hermetically-sealed bottle containing complete records of the case. Hundreds of men in Melbourne think their expert knowledge immeasurably sr.perior to Mr. Speight'-, and fancy they could manage the Victorian railways with profit to the country. Already several applicants are mentioned for the seat the Commissioners' Board vocated by Mr. Rsnnick. Ministers state that Parliament having authorised public works in the country districts to the extent of £215,000, and these works being of a more urgent character than the metropolitan railway station, they wiil be undertaken in preference to the latter as soon as funds are available. The Melbourne Government undertakes to " house " the unemployed in the Williamstown sheds. As winter in the city on the Yarra is more bleak and blusterous than in ours, some such measure is humane. But a woohhed takes a lot of preparation to make it even reasonably comfortable. The unemployed of Melbourne are mounting up into thousands. The wonder is where they all come from. Ten thousand in Sydney, 4003 in Melbourne, and a few thousands scattered about the country districts would seem to show that a considerable proportion of the population is unemployed. The Public Work* Department has made a contract with the directors of the Standard White L;ad Cjmpany for a supply of white lead tor the painting of the Treasury and other public buildings. This is encouraging to the new colonial industry, which promises to become of immense importance. Victoria reverts to the political management of her railways. So much the worse for Victoria. She set the wise example, now followed throughout Australia, of competent and ^on-political management, and, having done that good service, deserves regretful notice of this returning to the wallow. An interesting statement has been made to the press by the Minister of Mines. In a short time, he states, the GippBland coal mineB will be sending out 360,000 tons of coal per annum—sufficient to supply the railways, and he complains that Mr. Speight has bound the colony down to accept Newcastle coal for, at least, three years. At a meeting of representative clergymen ot the dioceBe of Melbourne, it was resolved to present the Rav. Canon Chalmers with an address of congratulation on hiB well- earned preferment to the bishopric of the Gonlfcnm diocese. It was also decided that Canon Chalmers should be presented by the clergy of the diocese with his episcopal robes. A movement is on foot in the Railway Da partment to tender Mr. Darbyshire, the En- gineer-in Chief, a testimonial on his retirement, which takes place on the first of next month. In the Department, Mr. Darbyshire iB con sidered a very able engineer and a man of a wise and mature mind on railway matters. There seem3 to be a different opinion outside. The Numurkah Standard states that a new regulation has lately been introduced by the Lands Department in connection with the transfer of land from one person to another, viz., that all blocks so transferred must be reBurveyed by an authorised surveyor, who has the right to make a charge—it might be £5 or it might be £10— upon the transferror for the work performed by him. The passengers in a passenger train from Echuca on 14 h inBt. bad a thrilling experience. The train overtook a man named Power on a trolly in the centre of the bridge over the Oampaspe, near R)chester. Power, on eeeing his danger, escaped by jumping off and taking refuge in a rtceas of the bridge, wbilBt the engine dashed the trolly into splinters, but fortunately kept the rails. " Fancy a lady editing Punch ! As a matter of fact, a lady does edit Punch—he, Punch of Melbourne." So writes a London weekly. " MisB Murphy, the editor in question, joined the staff of our contemporary in a subordinate capacity some years ago, and has attained to her present position solely by her ability. She is a great advocate of women's rights, and is, Sir James Crichton Brown may be interested to learn, exceedingly handsome." The new Roman Catholic church at Avenel was formally opened and consecrated last Sunday by the Right Rev. Dr. Reville, coadjutor Bishop of Sandhurst. The stiucture is of the Gothic style of architecture, built of red brick with cement dressings, having stained gla?e windows. The work was designed by and carried out under the supervision of Messrs. K^mpson, Conolly, and Oldham, Messrs. Ingle and Sons being the con- tractors. Miss Dendy, of the Traralgon S:ate-school, performed a heroic act on 14th inst. She was proceeding to her duties, accompanied by a boy four years of age, and when crossing a bridge over Traralgon Creek the little fellow slipped into the water, which was running rapidly after the recent rains to a depth of 5ft. or 6ft. Without a moment's hesitancy she jumped in up to her neck and caught the lad just as he was being swept under a log, and rescued him. The Cabinet had a long sitting on Friday, and considered the question of general retrenchment. The Treasurer impressed bis colleagues with the absolute necessity .of con- siderably curtailing the expenditure of the various departments to render the new taxation as light as possible. An attempt will be made to reduce the defence expenditure, and there will probably be a redaction in the strength of the military forces. If any force b-i reduced it is likely to be the Cadets or the Ringer*. The Cabinet also considered the advisability of imposing a tax on the unimproved capital value of land. The detectives have been for several weeks engaged in searching the colony for Edward M. C. Towers, an accountant, who was np till lately in the employment of Messrs. Jamea Walsh and Co., millers, Danald. A warrant is out for his apprehension on a charge of stealing £103 12j. from his employers on the 14th ultimo. It seems that Towers was fully trusted by his employers, in whose Bervice he had been for soma years. His integrity was never doubted till his laches were diecovered through an investigation of the books. He had then disappeared, leaving little or no trace of his movements. The investigations of the detectives, however, tend to show that he went to Adelaide and embarked by one of the outwardbound E iglish mail steamers. Inland towns are beginning to feel the effects of the existing depression. This fact was brought under the notice of the Minister of Mines by Mr. E MuTpby, M.L A, who stated that a large number of men were out of employment at Ballarat, and urged the Government not to confine its efforts on behalf of the unemployed to the metropolis. He suggested that work might be found for a number o! hands in thinning out the forest extending from Ballarat E ist to Eureka, urged the importance of improving the growth of the forest timbers, and claimed that the money expended would be returned fourfold by the sale of the timber to the mines in the Ballarat district. Mr. Oattrim admitted that the effect of thinning out forests was to improve and accelerate the growth of timber, and promised to inquire into the matter. The Commissioner of Castoms has received a deputation of persons interested in the fell - mongeriog industry, which was represented hopelessly languishing. The • deputation desired an export duty of Id. per pound on sheepskins, which, it was considered, would enable local buyers to compete in the market against those purchasing for shipment. The deputation combated the idea that the farmers would be prejudiced by the lowering of the prices of the skins, maintaining that keener local competition would keep up the rates. The farmers, however, entertain a very different opinion on this point. A number of the representatives of their views listened to the proceedings, and announced their intention to interview the Minister. Mr. Tamer postponed the consideration of the matter till he had heard the arguments on the other aide. A Melbourne journal says :—" What sort of women ate those who go to the Divorce Court and feast their minds upon the nasty details 1 Mr. Justice A'Beckett uttered a well-merited rebuke to a number of shameless femaleB who were quietly,* and from all accounts, de lightedly. absorbing the indecencies of the Ben nfctt r. Binnett case. Few respectable men, unless actually associated with the business being transacted, are ever to be found ia a divorce court. There is a class of women who simply revel in the tales of folly, brutality, and licentiousness to which a judge sitting in divorce jurisdiction is obliged to listen. No doubt these women pride themselves upon their virtue. They either forget, or do not know, that there is a mental contamination of which a pure-minded woman would be hardly less ashamed than of actual physical degradation The expeditious manner in which perishable goods are conveyed by rail from country stations to Spencer-street station was thoroughly well illustrated a few days since. A gentleman in the city received iniormacion that a case of quince" had been forwarded to him from Mooroopna station. He irquired at Spencer-street station, and sent a carrier for several days, but nothing was known there of the case of fruit. At length after an interval of eight days the carrier obtained tbe missing case at the iSpencer-street station. When tbe parcel was delivered at the gentleman's residence, he was additionally disgusted to find that a considerable number of tbe quinces had been abstracted from the case, and that a great many others bad been cut iu halves and hacked about, in order that they might be easily pulled through tbe pieces of wood nailed over the top of the case. For a case of fruit to take eight days to come by rail from Mooroopna, and for half the contents to be pilfered and deatroved, are certainly not things for the railway officials to be proud of. In view of the distress existing in various parts of the world, especially in England, among the seafaring class, attention has been attracted to the fact that it haa become the practice for masters of ships to ship men in England at 1b. per month, with the intention of discharging them on arrival in Melbourne. The men, apparently, engage at this price with the object of seeking employment out here, not being aware that the labor market fs so overstocked as it is in that class of labor. The Merchant Shipping Act provides that no seaman shall be discharged without the approval of the shipping master, and the matter has been brought under the notice of the Secretary of Customs, to whom it has been represented that the discharge of these men in Melbourne without means of support would simply add to the ranks of the unemployed, and they would at once sink into poverty. Acting under the powers of the law, Dr. Wollaston has given instructions that the shipping master shall iu future refuse to sanction the discharge of such persons, unless some guarantee Is given by the master or owner that the men wiil not become destitute, or that they will be sent back to the port of shipment. Table Talk supplies the following " Ia a new country like Victoria one would havp thought :bat hauntec^. houses would be an impossibility. There is scarcely a building iu the country more than 50 years old, and for a gboBt to Bettle in a house almost before the plaster is dry, is an idea so prosaic tb£t ( evep the ingenious compiler of Stead's true ghost stories would refuse to accept such a statement as conclusive proof of the fact. If persona only imagined they heard a ghost they would locate the Bound in a more romantic place. Yet there are sundry people in Melbourne ready to aver that the late Dr. George Beaney has taken to revisiting the rooms built for himself some five years ago in Collins-street. So long as Cromwell House waB empty tbe ghost stole about unnoticed, but now that Dr. O'Hara has put up his braBs plate on the door lintel, and his surgical instruments in the consulting room, the ghost of the 'diamond doctor is averred to pervade the rooms. Just about midnight tbe gasalier is heard to shake, ss if someone were getting out of bed, then the bath tap sounds as if it were running, though when the door is open the tap is found turned off and the bath dry. The mental impression of 4 a presence' is felt by the be- lievers in the unseen on going into the late doctor's study, and altogether until the cock crows there is the uncanny sensation that tbe doctor is there, immaterialised, perhaps drink* ing immaterialised champagne, taking immaterialised guineas from ghostly patients, and altogether taking advantage of immaterialisation to amuse servant-maids and enjoy himself in his old way." If the expectations formed of the new illaminant patented by Mr. Galopin—and inventors Bre notorious for taking the most despondent view of their creations—the Metropolitan Gas Company should tremble to ltd very gasometer. Mr. Galopin has perfected a eys-em of supplying lighting power by means of petroleum, and so far as practical tests of bis patent go to show, there, seems uo reason why the position of gas should not .be threat 4 ened from yet another quarter besides electricity. The invention is extremely simple. It consists mainly in the perfection of en ingenious burner that regulates the consumption of paraffin. The oil Is stored in a holder or tank about the size and mnch the same shape as an ordinary gas meter, and by means of tubes the supply is conducted to the burners. These are fitted in precisely the same position as the accustomed gas jets yof civilisation, with the difference, claimed of course by the inventor, that the light given is far more powerfal than can be obtained from gas, whilst the cost to the consumer fa immeasurably less. It is stated that the cost of the light is only Id. for hours that it ia burning, and there cannot be 'the least doubt that this charge wonld be au immense saving on gas. This is the saving effected iu th«i. metropolitan area, but in country districts, where the gas rates are very much higher, the, saving would be proportionately greater. Other advantages are claimed* for the invent tion, which seem borne out by proofs. The regulation of the supply is entirely within tbe control of the consumer; hiB lighting apparatus is freed from the control of inspection of any kind, whilst there is no possibility of waste or exchange. The danger of explosion owing to the construction of the burners is placed beyond probability, whilst for cook-, ing and other purposes tbe heat from the light iB all sufficient. The new light has been fitted to Messrs. Kilpatrick'a establishment, in Collins-street, and gives very favorable evidence of its merits. 