Parisian Gossip. -j> PARIS, April 14, 1892. THE LUMINOUS FOUNTAINS. The Prefect of the Seine has ordered that the luminous fountains in the Champ dc Mars shall commence to play on Easter Sunday and holiday during the summer. They will play twice each evening, the first time at S.30 in April and May ; at 7 in June, July, and August; and at 8.30in Septem ber and October. Anastay, the murderer of EXECUTION OF Baronne Dellard of the ANASTAY. Bonlovard du Temple, was execufci'<l 011 the 9th inst.,nt half-past five in tho morning. The con demned man expected his fate. Since the visit of the counsel to the President of the Eupnblic tho previous week, ho had beeu very dejected and thoughtful. He had fre quent interviews with Abbd Valadier, the prison chaplain, of whom he demanded how capital punishments were carried out, and what effect it had upon him, etc. Anastay also wrote two long letters to his brother, in which he discourse) upon Positivist doc trines. His father argued from this fact that his son was mad, and was untiring in his efforts lo get the execution postpoued in order that the prisoner might be examined as to his mental condition. The murderer met his fate with the coolness of a soldier. Tho only remarks lie miu'e were a wish that a sealed letter he had loft in his cell should be given to hie brother, and a wish that the doctors should examine his head after death. No sooner had the knife fallen than the body was placed in a coffin and driven in a cart to the cometery of PereLaohaise, where it was buried in a place reserved for felons. Anastay's father applied during the day to the Prefect of Police for leave to examine tho body and have ii examined by medical men to see whether l.hore was any disease of the brain. Tho Protect deferred giving an answer for tho present. It did nol require much deliber A LUNATIC ation for the Court of Appeal to arrive at the decision that M. Maaarvy, the proprietor of one of the lar gest upholstery businesses in Paris, was not able to manage his own affairs. The court di I not oven require a medical examination of M. Mazarvy-who is at present in a lunatic asylum-to be made, but based the decision on the letters written by him dur ing the last fifteen years, and which were found carefully copied in the letter books of the firm. These letters were addressed to all the fortune-tellers, somnambulists me diums, magnetisers, and charlatans to be found in Paris. The principal one of this crew to exercise any influence over Mazarvy was Mine. Maillard, He believed that her power had eudured for centuries; indeed, that she had inspired Joan of Arc with her patriotism. _ The unfortunate upholsterer also maintained a one-sided correspondence with most of the crowned beads of Europe, advising them ou political matters, and of fering to cure them whenever they were ill. It was not surprising that he finally man age) to ruin the business. M. and Mme. Mazarvy had no fewer than eighteeu child "e.o, but only four of these survived child hood. The only son committed suicide on hearing of the failure of his father's busi ness, and the three surviving daughters are now employed in a maison de nou veanfes. A revival of La Conjuration THEATRICALS, d' Amloise, last performed in 186G, was given at the Od(5on Theatre the other night. The plot of Louis Bourlhet's historical drama turns upon the amours of the Prince de CondS and Mme. de BrissoD, the spouse of a puis sant Beigueur at the court of Francois II. (who is .tho evil geuuis of the Due de Guise) and the intrigues of Catherine de Medicis, defending her own power by upholding that of her weak- minded son, Francois II. To this end her Majesty sets the Protest ants of Coude against the Catholics of Guise, though without permitting either party to gain the upper hand. Conde had saved Mme. de Brisson from outrage at the bands of a band of Huguenots into whose power she had chanced to fall, and1 the young wife of the aged de Brisson becomes incontinently enamoured of her rescuer, of whose name aud status she is ignorant. Queen Catherine discovers the liaison, and adroitly makes use of it to detain Conde at Amboise while Guise fight3 La Kenaudie, one of the Huguenot chiefs, and disperses the leaguers. But tho fauatical Paltrat de Mere, who is anxious to cure Coude's in fatuation, opens Brisson's eyes to what is going on. She cannot, however, induce Conde to take the field. The prince is placed under arrest, aud condemned to death by the Parliament. In the solitude of his prison Conde is convinced that he was be trayed by Mme. de Brisson, and does not care to live. The Countess manages to see bim and convinces him that she is innocent. Her love for him, she declares, i3 rendered stronger by his adversity, and she expresses tho intention of not surviving her lover. At this opportune moment, Francois II shuffles of this mortal coil, and Catherine, who lias become Eeeent, determines to set Conde at liberty. In company with Comte ds Brisson, she goos to the prison to per sonally acquaint Conde with his good for tune. <2« Brisson is with the Prince when t';y..;.^'!,'ent aud her husband arrive. She eaoriot follow her lover, and rather than re turn to b<n- hn.-ibaud, whom she hates, tabes poison. The pisce i<~ gorgeously mounted and well act^d, aud that tiie romantic drama is anaiu ^vowing in public favor was evident from ths gratifying reception it re ceived. The Queen of Eugland has PARISIAN had and still enjoys maguifi BABBLINGS. cent spring days at Hyeres, real Queen's weather as they say in England, and H.M. has expressed more than once her satisfaction -with her stay iu France. H.M. visited Toulon the day before yesterday, she was accompanied by Priucess Beatrice, Lady Churchill, Miss Phipps, aud General Ponsonby ; Colouel Edwards and Dr. Eeid arrived at Toulou at 4.15 by special train. The royal visitor \yas received at the station by Vice-Admiral de BrUsandy, Prefet Maritime, the Prefect and Mme. Aruauld, and the Sous-Prefet and Mayor. Her Majesty thanked them for her reception, but begged that they would uot accompany her, as sbo was ildsir ous of avoiding any demonstrations during her visit. The Queen aud her suite then entered their lauduaas and drove through the principal streets of the town. When the party arrived at the Placo d' Amies, however, the marine baud struck up " God Save the Queen," while the crowd respect fully uncovered. The Queeu bowed her ac knowledgments, whereupon cries of " Vive l'Angleteire ! Vive La Franco !"were raised. Her Majesty returned to Hyeres at a quarter to 6. To-day, being Piincess Beatrice's birthday, her Royal Highness will bo pre sented with bouquets by the Hyeres Muni cipality, the Press Syndicate,and the trades men of the town. Speaking of royalty, wo may mention that the Comto and the Comteaoe de Paris, who have been residing in Spain during the last four months, are to return to England, aud will stay at Stowe. The Queen has pro mised to pay a strictly private visit to the Comto and Comtesse de Paris. Parisians are heartily laughing about the scrupulousness of those honest folk who sond "conscience money" to the Chancellor of the Exchequer, and this time they are quite in the right, for this has been far ex ceeded by a worthy couple living at Leral lois Perret. M. and Mme. Letoux are under the delusion that they owe the State for materials which they believe they bought, but did not. pay for, at the time of the destruction of the Chateau of Blais. With laudable desire to pay their just debts, they send money, from time to time, to M. Car not, who has on various occasions received from them 1500 francs in bank uotea. The Government, however, equally honest, de nies the existence of any debt.andthe money was forwarded to the Police Commissary of Levallois Perret with the instructions to restore it to its lawful owuers. This proved a task of some difficulty. On his arrival at the house of M. Letoux, the magistrate found the door locked, and saw Madame and Monsieur looking at him suspiciously through the window. His announcement of his office, and his summous to " open in the name of the law," were greeted with a burst of laughter, and ho was finally obliged to send for a locksmith and force the door before lie could enter, and place the packet of bank notes discreetly on the mantel piece. This took place some little time ago, but M. and Mme. Letonse were not discouraged. M. Carnot had foiled them, so thay sent the next instalment whioh they imagined to be due to the Administration des domains. The director sent a clerk to return the money at onoe, but as soon as his eirand was known the door was slammed in his face, and the oommissary's services will again be called into requisition to put these eccentric people in possession of their own. The arrest of Ravachol PARISIAN LETTER, places in the hand of justice a dangerous dy namiter, and a feeling is gradually rising, which has found expression in more than one French journal, that, daugerous as are the dynamiters, those who incite them in Anarchist journals and at Anarchist public or private meetings, are still more danger ous." Some restraint of the right ol free speech and the liberty of the Press, as far as the Anarchists are concerned, seems ab solutely necessary. It is all very well to tolerate wild language and incoherent de nunciations, as long as this is not followed up by deeds ; but when dynamite explosions ocour one after the other, it is time that these Arnarchists' meetings were suppressed altogether. To tell a mass of excited people that the Bank of France regorges with gold, and that they have only got to stretch out their hands and become rich, is sure to be taken literally by some more than usually wicked or foolish person attending these meetings. The laws are quite strong enough to deal with those who inoite to outrages, and they only require to be ap plied to put a stop to a state of things in compatible with the very existence of civilized society. When the doctrines of social revolution are no longer preached and its speedy advent prophesied, no at tempt will be made to put these doctrines into practice. The Catholic priesthood has had but in different success in its first essay at which it calls contradictory conferences in the Paris Churches. At the church of St. Merri, the occupant of the pulpit in one of the usual Lent sermon permitted himself to criticise adversely the French Revolution of 1789. A few days later a priest in the church of St. Joseph denounced Socialism. In both cases an angry mob invaded the churches and created a disturbance. Evi dently, a part of the Paris population does not relish priestly comments-either on the Revolution or Socialism. In consequence the Archbishop of Paris has ordered the priests to suspend their sermons in the above-named churches. The Socialists look with intense alarm upon the reoent at tempts of the Catholic priesthood to gain the ear of the working classos, and see what they regard as their exclusive property menaced thereby. Whether churches, however, are proper places to discuss burn ing political questions, may be doubted. The political situation in Ger POLITIOAL many has oalmed down wonder REVIEW. fully since the withdrawal of the great bone of contention -the School Bill. In the Russian Land tag, where a violent debate was expected over a Bill giving Count Eulenburg a salary, nothing whatever took place, the Bill being unanimously postponed until after the Easter. It is to be hoped that Count Eulenburg has sufficient means of existence until after the Easter festivities, as the spectacle of a starving prime minis ter would be a rather uuusual one. After the recess, the majority in the Landtag will probably see its way to give the Government a fair amount of support, and to bear with equanimity party disappoint ments. After all, the School question is not such an important one as it professes to be, and the status quo is not untenable either for Conservatives or Liberals. Indeed, it may be considered doubtful whether the Bill would have been successful in its main object-the diminution of Socialism. As yet everything which has been tried in that direction has conspicuously failed. Prince Bismarok thought that he had laid the Socialist ghost when he adopted a rigid Protectionist policy, but be only made matters worse instead of better. It is well tbat those who think that matters would mend by Prince Bismarck's resumption of offico should bear this in mind. I The reported negotiations between Russia and Germany, with regard to a com j mercial treaty, are officially denied by the Norddeutsobe Allgemeine Zeitung, al though the Russian Press, especially the Novoe Vremya, stoutly maintain their ex istence. No doubt the denial of the Ger man organ is meant to assure Austria Hungary that no treaty with Russia will be concluded to the detriment of the mem bers of the Triple Alliance ; whereas on the other hand the prosent penury of the Russian Treasury make it a matter of great importance to regain, if possible, the German financial and commercial market. Whether it be prudent on the part of Ger many to raise Russia from her present state of exhaustion may be doubted, es pecially as there is not the slightest pros pect in any alteration of the methods, whioh have brought Russia to her present state of impeouniosity. It is said that a Commercial Treaty botween Germany and Russia would be a pledge of peaoe-but so also is Russia's powerlessneas to disturb it. 