Bob Martin's little Girl. A NOVEL By David Chbistte Murray, Author of 'Joseph's Coat,' 'Aunt Rachel,' 'Eainbow Gold/'&e.; [All Eights jResebvedJ flTTVPTKR ??TTV; '* A day for toil, sn hour for sport.' ' - On the jftornittg of the day on. whick Bom set out for London, young Redwood rose early after a sleepless night. In middle age a slight anxiety may Tob a man of bis slumbers, bat it takes something serious to make the night of a wholesome lad of 23 altogether feverish and unrestfoL He jhad counted the strokes of the village dock as it struck the quarters and the hours* and had faced a thousand phantoms before the gray dawn glimmered on the window blind. Before the day had well declared itself he rose and dressed in stealthy quiet, ... fearing to disturb his mother, and having foraged for a glass of milk. and a crust, took up his gun, thrust a double handful of ?cartridges into his pocket, and strolled towards the Wey bridge Woods, leBB with intent against the rabbits there than to give his mind a chance of clearing itself in the fresh: air of morning from the vagabond fancies of the night. For a landowner, a man ef exceptionally old family, and? a Tory, Mr. W«y bridge had one remarkable characteristic He was an ardent opposer of the Game Laws, and steadfastly refused to preserve nis shoot ing, and ever since George had been ©f an age to carry a gran he had had the freedom of wood and warren. So far as the rabbits were concerned his licence lasted all the year round, and constant practice bad made frvm a. dead shot. He had not -walked far when the faith ful Sam appeared in sight, and at once attached himself to the young favorite as '. a matter of course. Sam was an early riser by old habit, and always smoked hie. first pipe im the open air, unless held' in doors' by extreme stress of weather. Wien the first greetings we're over, George showed himself indisposed t® talk, and Sam, yielding obedience to his . mood, they rambled on in silence. The rabbits seemed unusually plentiful that morning, but George threw away half a dozen chances, and missed two or three easy shots. 'Hare, Sam,' he said at length, handing the gun to his companion. ' You'd better try your hand. I'm no good this morning. I don't feel as if I cared about it.' - Sam recalled his own sensations in early courtship, when 'Tilda had chosen to be too coy or too exacting. Too much dis posed in one way or another to test the limits of her power, and he came to the conclusion that Miss Hetheridge had been ' playing up ' with her sweetheart. ' That'll be all right in a day or two,' said Sam, within himself ; ' but ifs nasty and unpleasant while it lasts.' He grew very keen on the shooting, which was a rare form of sport with him, and sooa forgot to notice his comrade's dejected manner. When he had rolled over half-a-dozen rabbits, the sound of & gua. not far away reverberated through the woods, and George took back his own piece; A rabbit darting across the path a moment later, he fired. ' Hullo 1' cried a hearty voice at some little distance. ' Who's oat there ?' ' I don't know that voice/' said Sam. «« Who is it?' ' I don't know it, either,' Redwood answered, but he shouted back in answer to the hail. A crackling noise was heard as of some heavy body forcing its way through the dry undergrowth. It came nearer, and by aad-bye an unusually portly gentleman, eldforly and white of beard, but florid in complexion, and with eyes as bright as a bird's, stepped out upon%the path. He stared at Redwood alaost atf*if he had seen a ghost. ' Upon my soul,'1 he said, as if to him self, ' I never saw such a likeness in my life. You've forgotten me, I suppose, young gentleman ?' ' No, indeed, Six Eustace,' Bed wood answered. ' By gad,' said the baronet, shaking him warmly by the hand, 'I should have known you anvwl^ere. T akouid hav« re cognised you in the middle of the great Sahara. Such an extraordinary likeness I can't remember to have seen; You're your father over again-— even to the little bits of side whisker,^ he added, moving his head from side to side, as his keen eyes took stock of George. \-- My mother tells me so,' Redwood answered, ' but a little miniature we have at home tells quite a different story.' « Well,' said Sir Eustace, ' Ml back your mother against the miniature.' ' Yon're out early,' cried Sir Eustace, in his jolly way. 'So am L I like to taste the day when it's fresh, and there's no better companion than a gun. This one isn't much use to me,' he continued, holding out the weapon he carried, : 'Stock's too long. Can't get the con founded thing to my shoulder.; And how are you, and how's your mother P I got down last night,' he went on, without waiting for a reply to these queries. ' I heard you'd called, but I was chatting with my sister at the time. And how's old Bom? ' Good chap, pom. Knows his business. Wey bridge gets all the prizes now. I did when old Bom. was with me. First rate fellow, Bom/' ; He fixed his keenieyes on Potter. ** I've seen you be fore/saiiwwhere.*' . :\'. :??' ? '?;?.;;. ?-. \\* [\~: ; ,:'!W«|i ';you .'fcave/ *m, ant 0X* ,;;-. ,^5^:^^-anSwi^di;^--;^ ;.;:;- . v': '.. '? ' :-\^':- '' \- ' *- I thewght spf'^ staring ntoiion of the head to indicate a1£ew!-ac^|a^^ tion of , the sidelong motion, and ^throwing in a mysterious wink with it, led Eustace in an opposite direction. ' The young boss has never been told about it,' he -whispered, 'and X don't want him to know. Him andaneVibeen mates ever since he -was -that high. I' was brought up before, you/' said Sam, leaning forward and breathing . hard imto the baronet's ear, ' -m suspicion, of Me fatbier.' Sir EuBtabe^etarted back in a'momentary astonishment. 'Ah,' he said, ' I remember now.' He looked Saax up aad down in. some wonder ment at the respectability of bis appeal* ance. ' And' what are you doing here ?M ' Well, it^s this way, boss. Fm-a linn' on lny^iacome.*'* ' ' Oh,' said Sir Eustace, dryly, *«-yotfre one of tibbe local gentry , ar« you?' ^ : **Tkey call me a geatleinan- «n|€ke voting list,'' Sam answered with perfect BimpHcity, *' but that dont make a heap o* difference. I don't Bet much store by it anyhow. It doesn't make much difference in the price o' tea, does it, boss?' 'As I se,em to remember,' Sir-Eustace answered, ** tea was not your beverage when I made your acquaintance.' ' It is now, though,' Sam returned, ' and has been this many a year. Ifs like this, you know ? ' ' Well, I'm glad you've reformed,' said Sir Eustace, cutting him short majesti cally. ' It was drink that led you into tkat scrape, my good fellow.' ** Right you are, bops,' . Sast, assented warmly. *' Right you are. But-it was?like this, you know — : — ' ?* Redwood,' ?.:- Sir Eustace shouted, and marched off after the youngster, somewhat impolitely, to Sam's way of thinking. George paused till the baronet overtook him, and Sam following sauntered in the rear. 'You've ..taken your degree?' said Sir Eustace. He looked with evident admira- . tion at the stalwart, well set up young fellow beside him. ' Trinity Hall, I think they said. And now what are yon going to do with yourself ?' **I miah to ma'ke a civil engineer/' George answered. ' Fm off to Liege in a week «r two to get an insight into the practical part of the business.' « Thaf s well,' said Sir Eustace. «' No* thing like having an occupation if you wish to be happy. I've been obliged to put up with hobbies ail my life.- A pro fession would have been the making of me. What are you doing to-day ?' George confessed that he had nothing special on hand. 'Then,' said the baronet, 'come and breakfast witk me.. Seven o'clock's my time. Weybridg© woa't be down till 8, and I shall be lonely. Directly after breakfast I'm going- to have a shy at some of those giant carp in the park pool. Come and join, aad we'll make a merry morning of it.' 'Thank you, Six Eustace,' said the vpunffster. ' I will with t-!e?-«»-ur«. T in net let my mother know where I am, but Sam will see to that for me.' He turned to Potter, who was lounging tranquilly in the rear, pipe in mouth. ' I'm going to break fast with Sir Eustace Wyneombe, Sam,' he said. ' Will you call as you go home and. let my mother know ? And, by the way, I'll tell you what you might do for me. You might go into my room and get my fishing tackle. I shall want — ' and here he ran into details of rod, line, and bait. Sam accepted the commission with alacrity. 'You'll want somebody to punt you about, Master George,' he said. ' I'm the man for that job.' 'If Sir Eustaoo pleases,' George re turned, and the baronet offering no oppo sition, the arrangement was made. While Sir Eustace and George were still at breakfast, Sam carried the fishing tackle up to the hall, and in due time set off with them to the park pool, where he set to work with great vigor to bale out and mop up an old punt which was moored in the boathouse. All being in readiness, the trio embarked, and Redwood and Sir Eustace beguiled the carp, whilst Sam smoked Mb pipe in tranquil enjoyment, and lent a hand when he could be of service. - George was not sorry to have escaped the threatened conference with his motker. It could hardly.- be less than painful to them both, and though he knew that he had only secured a postponement, the weight was .off his shoulders for the moment, and with the. happy elasticity of youth he felt his spirits rising, and de termined vaguely that everything would go well after alL Sir Eustace had the first stroke of luck, and found himself engaged with a monster, who, after affording excellent play, was brought in Workmanlike fashion to the side of the punt, where Sam was in readi ness fox him with the landing net. Almost at -that instant George felt a tug at his own line, and forgot everything but the excitement of the sport. The fish lay like a log and sulked. ' Fael this, Six Eustace,' he cried. ' If it weren't for an occasional tremble in the line you might think I was anchored fast totb«1botiom.^:::- ' ? ' . /...?'?'. ...... Sir Eustace Hook the rod and surren dered it lingeringly and unwillingly. ' You're in luck/' he said, half enviously. ' You've got a real whacker there. Handle Mm delicately, and he'll begin to star in a while.', / C.'.. -?'-...'.. ..' ' '.?'.'. The fish endured much gentle persuasion before he could be roused from his ftrst attitude of sulky protest. But by-and-bye he tagan to^^ - -'. ? ? ':'- - ';-' ' He's '' TOJd^ag /for tfeat weed bed/f cried excited interest. ** Keep b^^frpm that or '0^;^^^:^M:i:: -:(:SMc:^k ' - '?'?? ? 