[NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. [ ROYSTON P Nefo ETofeel, BIT WILLIAM BLACK, Author ©f "A Princess of Thule," " Sabina Zembra," " The Ne»r Princ Fortmiatus," &c.;, &c.; . ****** *********** °* *??****'*?*?****? CHAPTER XVni.-Is VAIN VAIN. One evening Mr Courtnay Fox, tie London correspondent of the Edin burgh Chronicle, was as usual in his own. room in the office in Fleet-street, when, a card was brought to him. 'Show the gentleman up,' said he to the boy. A conple of seconds there after Yin Harris made his appear ance* * Mr Fox ?* said he, inquiringly. The heavy-built journalist did not rise to receive his visitor; he merely said ®Take a chair. What can I do for yon ?' * No thanks,' said Vincent, * I don't wish to detain you more than a moment. I only wanted to see if yon could give me any information about Mr George Bethune.' * Well, that .would be only fair/ said the big, ungainly man, with the small, keen bine eyes glinting behind spectacles; ' that would be only a fair exchange, considering I remember how Mr Bethune came down here one night and asked for information about you.' Vincent looked astonished. * And 1 was able,' continued Mr Fox,' to give him all the information he cared for-namely, that you were the son jf a very rich man. I pre sume that was all he wanted to know.' There was something in the tone of this speech-a familiarity bordering on insolence-that Vincent angrily resented; but he was wise enough to show nothing: all his anxiety was to have news of Maisrie and her grand father; this man's manner did not concern him much. ' I do not ask for information about Mr Bethune himself; I dare say I know him as well as most do,' said he with perfect calmness. 11 only wish to know where he is.' ' I don't know where he is,' said the buily correspondent, examining the stranger with his small shrewd eyes, ' but I guarantee he's living on the best. Shooting stags in Scotland most likely-' ' They dou't shoot stags in Decem ber,' said Vincent. *Or careering down the Mediter ranean in a yacht-gad, an -auxiliary screw would come in handy for the old man,' con tinned Mr Fgk, grinning at his own gay facetiotisHess,% -any how, wherever fee is, Fll bet he's enjoying himself and living on the fat of the land. Merry as a cricket bawling away at his Scotch songs : I; suppose that was how he amused him self when he was in Sing Sing perhaps he learnt it there-' *1 thought you would probably know where he is,' said Vincent, not paying much heed to these little joco sities, * if he happened to be sending in to you those articles on the Scotch ballads-' ' Articles on Scotch ballads!' said Mr Fox, with a bit of a derisive laugh. 1 Yes, I know. A collation on the various versions: a cold collation, I should say, by the time he has got done with them. Why, my dear sir, have you. never heard of Professor Childs, of Harvard College ?' ' 1 have heard of Professor Child/ said Vincent; t Well, well, well, well, what is the' difference,' said the ponderous cor-1 respondent, who rolled from side to j side in his easy-chair as if he were in j a bath, and peered with his minute, ] twinkling eyes. * And indeed it j matters little to me what kind of rubbish is pitchforked into the Weekly. If my boss cares to do that kind of thing, for the sake of a * brither Scot,'< that's his own look-out. Alljl know is that not a scrap of the cold colla tion has come here, or has appeared in the Weekly as yet; so there is no clue that way to the whereabouts of your Father Christmas, your Santa Clans, your Wandering Scotch Jew if that is what your're after.' * I am sorry to have troubled yon to so little purpose/ said Vincent, with hiB hand on the door. (Stop a bit,' said Mr. Fox, in his blunt and rather impertinent fasftdon. (Ton and I might chance to be of use to each other some day. I like to know the young men in politics. If I can do yon a good turn, you'll re member it j or rather you won't re member it, but I can recall it to you, when I want you to do me one. Take a seat. Let's make a compact. When you are in the House, you'll want the judicious little paragraph sent through the provinces now and again: I can manage all that for yon. Then you can give me an occasional tip: you're in Grandison's confidence, people say -as much as any one can expect to be, that is; for I believe he's capable of concealing things not only from his right hand from his left as well -the Great Wily One-the Artful Dodger in excelsis. Won't you take a seat ?--thanks, that will be better. I want to know yon. I've already made one important acquaintanceship through your friend Mr. Bethune: it was quite an event when the great George Morris condescended to visit this humble office ' * George Morris ?' said Vincent. ' Perhaps yon know him person ally ?' Mr. Fox said, and he went on ] in the most easy and affable fashion: ' I may say without boasting that I am acquainted with most people-most people of any consequence: it is part of my business. But George Morris, somehow, I had never met. You may imaging then, that when he came down here, to ask a few questions, I was precious glad to be of such ser vice as I could; for I said to myself that there was just the man for me. Take a great scandal, for example they do happen sometimes-don't they? -evenin this virtuous land of England: very well-I go to George Morns-a hint from him-and there I am first in the field: before the old mummies of the London press have had time to open there eyes and stare.' Vincent had brought -<aM&hair; from the side of the room, isttti was now seated ; there was only the table, littered with telegrams and proofs, ^between those two. * Did I understand you to say,' he asked with his his eyes fixed on 1Mb ?man, 'that George Morris had come to you to make inquiries about Mr. Bethune ?' * Ton understood aright.' ' Who sent him?' demanded Vincent, abruptly-for there were strange fftnffifw and still darker suspicions fly ing through his head. But Courtnay Fox smiled. 'Greorge Moms, yon may have heard, was not born yesterday. His business is to get out of you what he can, and to take care you get nothing out of him. It was not likely he would tell me why he came makinj ' these inquiries-even if I had care*. to ask, which Idid not.' 'Ton told him all you knew, o: course, about Mr. Bethune ?' VincenU went on, with a certain cold austerity. *1 did.' 4 And how much more ?' ' Ah, very good-very neat/ the spacious-waisted journalist exclaunec. with a noisy laugh. ' Very good in deed. But look here, Mr. Hams, ii: the great solicitor was not born yester day, you were-in a way: and so ! venture to ask yon why yon should tsko such KQintcrest in Mr. Bethune's affairs ?* Vincent answered laim without flinching. * Because, among-it other things, certain lies have been put in circu lation about Mr Bethune, and I wished to know where they arose. I an beginning to guess/ For an instant Mr Conrfcnay Fox seemed somewhat disconcented; hot he betrayed no anger. 'Come, come,* said he, with an affectation of good humour, * that is a strong word. Morris heard no lien from me, I can assure you. Why, don't we all of us know who and what old George Bethune is! fie may flourish and vapour successfully enough else where; but he doesn't impose on Fleet-street: we know him too well. And don't imagine Ijbave any dialilm (towards your venerable friend; not the slightest; in fast, I rather admire the joval old mountebank. You see, he doesn't treat me to too much of his Scotch blague; Tm not to the manner born; and he knows it. Oh, he's skilful enough in adapting himself to his surroundings - like a trout, that takes the colour of the pool he finds himself in; and when he gets hold of a Scotchman, I am told his asting of the ragged and manly independence of the Scot-of the Dory Lane Scot, I mean-is splendid. I wonder he doesn't go and live in Scotland altogether. They takethings seriously there. They might elevate him into a great position-make a great writer of him-they're in sore need of one or two; and then every now and again he would step out of his cloud of metaphysics, and fall on something, j That's the way the Scotchmen get hold of a subject; they don't take it np as an ordinary Christian would; they fall on it. We once had an English poet called Milton; but Masson fell on him, and crashed Kiw^ and didn't even leave us an index by which to identify the regains. Old Bethune should go back to Scotland, and become the Grand Lama of Edinburgh letters; it would be a more dignified position than cadging about for a precarious living among us poor southrons.' Vincent paid but little heed to all this, farrago; he was busily thinking how certain undoubted features and circumstances of old George Bethune's life might appear when viewed through the belittling and sardonic scepticism of this man's mind; and then again, having had that hue and shape conferred npon them, how would they look when presented to the pro fee sional judgment of such a person as Mr George Bethune ? 1 The Scotch are the very oddest people in all the world,' Mr Fox con. tinned, for be seemed to enjoy his own merry tirade. ' They'll clasp a stranger to their bosom, and share their last bawbee with him, if only he can prove to them that he, too, was born within sight of MacGillicuddy's Reeks ' ' MacGillicuddy's Seeks are in Ireland,' said Vincent. "Well, MacGillicuddy's Breeks no, that won't do; they don't wear such things in the north. Any un pronounceable place-any kind of puddle or barren rock: to be born within sight of that means that you own everything of honesty, and l manliness, and worth that's going j yes, worth-worth is a sweet word manly worth-it is the prerogative of persons who have secured the greatest blessing on earth, that of being born north of the Tweed. Now, why doesn't old George Bethune go away back there; and wave his tartan plaid, and stamp, and howl balder dash, and have monuments put np to him as the White-haired Baxd of Glen Toddy ? That surely would be better than hawking bogns books about London and getting subscriptions for things that never appear; though he manages to do pretty well. Oh, yes, he does pretty well, one way and another. The cunning old cockroach -to take that girl around with him, and get her to make eyes at trades men, so as to swindle them out of pounds of tea!' Bnt at this a sadden flame seemed to go through the young man's brain and unhappily he had his stick quite close by. ^ In an instant he was on his feet, his right hand grasping the cane, his left fixed in the coat collar of the luckless journalist, whose inert bulk he was attempting <to drag from the chair. c Yon vile hound!' Vincent said with set teeth-and his nostrils were dilated and his eyes afireA * I have allowed yoa to]insuit an old man-» bat now-now yon have gone too far. Come oat of that-and I will break every bone in your body- f Down came the stick; but by a for tunate accident it caught on the back of the chair, and the force of the blow sent it flying in two. * For God's sake-stop!' the other cried-bat in a terrified whisper-and his face was as white as death. ' What are yon doing!-are yon. mad I- beg your pardon-cau I do more ? I beg your pardon-for God's sake, have % little common sense !' Vincent looked at the man: more abject cowardice he had never heheld than was displayed in every trembling limb of his hugh carcase, in. every feature of the blanched face. He fliing him from him-in disdain. * Yes,' said Mr. Fox, with a desperate effort at composure, and he even tried to put his coat collar to rights, though his fingers were all shaking, and him- ^ self panting and breathless. * You-you mayjthank me-for-for for having saved you. If-I had touched that bell-if I had called out -you would have been ruined-ruined for life-a pretty story for-to hear about his favourite protege-increase your chances of getting into Parlia ment, wouldn't it ? Oan't you take a bit of a joke ?-you're not a Scotch man !' Vincent was still standing there, with louring brow. 'When you are busy with your jokes/ said he, * I would advise you to keep any friends of mine out of them especially a girl who has no one to defend her. But I am glad I came here to-night. I begin to understand in whose foul mind arose those dis tortions, and misrepresentations, and lies. So it was to you George Morris came when he wanted to know about Mr. Bethune and his granddaughter ? An excellent authority ! And it was straight from yon, I suppose, that George Morris went to my father with his wonderful tale ' * One moment,' said Courtnay Fox and he appeared to speak with a little difficulty: perhaps he still felt the pressure of knuckles at his neck. * Sit down. I wish to explain. Mind you, I could make this a bad night's work for you, if I chose. But I don't, for reasons that you would understand if you were a little older and had to earn your own living, as I have. It is my interest to make friends ' *And an elegant way you hav$ of making them,' said Vincent, scorn fully. * andtf want to assure you that I nevei said anything to George Morris about Mr Bethune that was not quite well-known. Nor had I the least idea that Morris was going to your father ; or that you had the least interest or concern. in the matter. As for a bit of chaff about Scotland: who would mind that ? Many a time I've had it out with Mr. i Bethune himself in this very room ; ; and do you suppose he cared ?-his j grandiloquent patriotism soared far away above my little Cockney jests. So I wish you to perceive that there was no enmity in the affair, no inten tion to do harm, and no misrepresent ation ; and when you see that, you will see also that you have put your self in the wrong, and I hope you will have the grace to apologise.' It was a most credible effort to escape from a humiliating position with some semblance of dignity. ' Apologise for what ?' said Vincent staring. * Why, for your monstrous and out rageous conduct of this evening.' 41 am to apologise V said Vincent, with his brows growing dark again. *You introduce into your scurrilous talk the name of a young lady who is known to me-you speak of her in the most insulting and gratuitous fashion-and-and I am to apologise! Yes, I do apologise: I apologise for having brought such a fool of a stick with me: I hope it will be a heavier one if I hear you make use of such language again.* *?k>me,<coine, threats will not serve,' said Mr- Fox-but he was clearly cowed and anxious to tie civil. * I'll tell you what I will do for yon-if yon wisii to koaw where Mr. Bethane 1B. I gather that he jias disappeared feom. his usual ^quaHjers altogether, or yon would Edt have come to me for information. Well, when he begins to send in those articles on the Scotch ballads-if he m^a-nR to send them in at all-of which I am doubtful, ft^Ifve;seepL|^e way ^bfjtoo many of tfiose projects "of iris: well, if he sends them in, it will not be to this office, but to the Edinburgh office. They are for the Weekly; and it is made up there. Very well: the moment one appears I will telegraph down for his address, and, let you know.' * I thank you,' said Vincent, with formal politeness ; and with an equally formal * Good night* the young man took his leave. Mr. Conrtnay Fox instantly hid the broken portions of the,cane (until lie should have a chance of burning them), and, ringing the bell, called in a load and manly voice for the latest telegrams. So Vincent was once [more thrown back on 'himself and own-re sources. During these past few days he had sought everywhere for the two lost ones ; and sought in vain, lirst of all he had made sure they had left Brighton-; -then he had come to London, =$nd morning, noon, and night had visited their accustomed haunts, without finding the least trace of them. He went from restaurant to that; in the morning he walked about the Parts; he called at the libra ies where they were known ; no sign of them could be found anywhere. And now, when he thought of Maisrie, his heart was no longer angry and reproachful; it only said: ' Dearest, come back!' If ay, he grew to think it was in some wild mood of self-sacrifice that she had resolved to go away, and had persuaded her grandfather to take her. She had got some notion into her head that she was a degraded person; that his friends suspected her; that no future as between him and brr was ^possible; . that it was better they should see each other no more. He remembered how she had drawn up her head in maidenly pride \--in indignation, almost: his rela tives might be at peace; they had no tij^ng3 to fear from her. And here was the little brooch-with its tiny wnite dove, that was to rest on her bosom, as if bringing a message of love and safety-all ready for her; but her place was empty; she had gone from him,, and perhaps for ever. The very waiters in the restaurants, when he went there all alone, ventured to express a little discreet surprise, and make enquiries; he could say nothing. He had the sandal-wood necklace, to be sure; and sometimes he wore it over bis heart; and on the way home, through the dark thoroughfares, at times a faints ranch of the perfume reached ids nostrils-but there was no Maisrie by "hfe- side. And then again, a I sudden, marvellous vision would come before him; of Maisrie, her foair blown by the winds, her eyes piteous and full of tears, her eyebrows and lashes wet with the flying spray; and she JW4tuld >say *>Kiss -me, Vincent, kiss me!' as if she had already re solved to go away, and knew that this was to be a last, despairing fare well. The days passed ; and ever he con tinued his diligent search, for he knew that these two had but little money, and guessed that they had not departed on any far travel, especially at this time of the year. He went do^n to Scotland, and made enquir ies among the Edinburgh news paper offices - without avail. He advertised in several of the London dally journals; there was no reply. Hie told the head-waiter at the Restaurant Mentavisti that if Mr. Bethune and his granddaughter-who werewell known to all in the place should make their agpearep@e any evening, and if he,, the; head- waiter, manage to %senil someone to w them home and ascertain their s, that would mean a^upj^of ^ ^ reigns in his pocket; but the Ipppcnrtunity never presented itself. wad meanwhile this young maa, ] faking no care of himself, and fretting fcftm morning till evening, amii often ; $he sleepless night through as well, was gradually losing his color, and becoming like the ghost of his own natural self. Christmas came. Harland Harris and Vincent wentdown to pass the holidays with Mrs. Ellison, at Brighton; and for the same purpose Lord Musselburgh returned to the Bedford Hotel. The fonr of them dined together on Christmas evening. It was not a very boisterous party, considering that the pragmatical and pedantic voice of the man of wealth was heard discoursing on such light and fanciful themes as the payment of returning officers' expenses, the equalisation^ of the death duties, and the establishment of State-assisted intermediate schools; but Mussel burgh threw in a little jest now and then, to mitigate the ponderosity of the harangue. Vincent was almost silent. Since coming down from London Jie hadjiot^aid a single word to any one of them about Mr. Bethune or his granddaughter; no doubt they would have told him*--and perhaps rejoiced to tell him-that he had been betrayed. But Mrs. Ellison, sitting there,and watching morethan listen ing, was concerned about the looks of her boy, as she called him 5 and before she left the table, she took up her glass, and said 4 lam goingtto ask you two gentle j men to drink a toast-sand it is the I health of the coming member for t Mend over. And I'm going to ask him | to pull himself together, and show ! some good spirits; for there's nothing a constituency likes so muc'i as ^ a i merry and good-humored candidate. It was clear moonlight that night: "Vin's room faced the sea. Hour after | hear he sate at the window, looking on the wide, grey plain and the faint blue-grey skies; and getting no good of either; for the far-searching doves of his thoughts came back to him without a twig of hope in, their bill. The whole world seemed empty-and silent. He began to recall the tima in which he used tothink-or to fear -that Bome day a vast and solitary sea would come between Maisrie and himself; it wassomething he had rlrPOTPti or imagined; but this was altogether different now-this blank ignorance of where she might be was a far more terrible thing. He went over the different places he had heard her mention-Omaha, Chicago, Boston Toronto, Montreal, Quebee; they only seemed to make the world the wider-to remove her farther away from him, and interpose a veil between. She had vanished like a vision: and yet it was but the other day that he had found her clinging tight to his aim, her beautiful brown hair blown wet about her face, her eyes with love shining through her tears, her lips -when he kissed them-salt with the flying spray. .And no longer-after that first and sudden outburst of indignant wrath-did he accuse her of any faithlessness or treachery : rather it was himself whom he reproached. Had he not promised, at the very moment when she had made her TTiMilfin confession to him, and spoken to him as a girl speaks once only in her life, had he not promised that always and always he would say to himself * Wherever Maisrie is-where ever she may be-she loves me, and is thinking of me?' This was the Mizpah set up between those two; unii he had vowed his vow. What hergoing away might mean he conld not tell; but at all events it wan not permitted him to doubt-he dared not doubt-her love. As for these repeated allegations that old George Bethuue was nothing less than a mendicant impoBtor, what did that matter to him ? Even if these charges could be substantiated, how was that to affect Maisrie or himself ? No association could stilly that pure sojbL Perhapsitwas thexjase thatMr Bethune was mcrt overscrupulous and careful about money matters; many otherwise excellent persons had been of like habit. The band of private iaqaiiy agents^ had amongst them discovered that the old man had allowed Vincent to pay the bill at the yupftnB restaurants they frequented. W^lly tllai was -true. Among _the TOgae insinuations and assumptions that had been pieced togetherto form an indicment, here was one bit of solid feet. And what of it ? Of what importance were those few trumpery shillings? It was of little moment which paid: here was an arrangement, )ecome a habit, that had a certain convenience. And Vincent was proud j to set against that, c,r against any | conclusions that might be drawn from that, the incident of old George Bethune'a stopping the poor woman in the Park, and handing over to her all he possessed-sovereigns, shillings, j and pence-so that he did not even j leave himself the wherewithal to buy a biscuit for his mid-day meal. Perhaps there were more sides to George Bethune's character than were likely to occur to the imagination of . Messrs. Harland Harris, Morris, and j Company? The white moon sailed slowly over to the west; the house was still; the night outside silent; but there was no peace for him ®t all. If only he he could get to see Maisrie-for the briefest moment-that he might de mand the reason of her sudden flight ! Was it some over-string sensi tiveness of spirit ? Did she fear that no one would understand this careless ness of her grandfather about money - matters; and that she might be suspected complicity, «f acquies cence, in certain doubtful ways ? W as that the cause of her strange sadness, her resignation, her hopelessness ? Was that why she had spoken of her 4 degradation'-why she had declared phf> could never be his wife-why she had begged him piteously to go away, and leave this bygone friendship to be a memory "and nothing more ? * Can you not understand, Vincent!* she had 6a*d to him, in heart-breaking accents, as though she could not bring herself to the brutality of plainer speech. Well, he understood this at all events that in whatever circumstances Maisrie Betbune may have been placed, no contamination had touched her-, white M the white moonlight out there was that pure soul: he had read her eyea. The next morning Lord Mussel burgh was out walking in the King's JJioad with the fair young widow who hoped soon to be re-transformed into a wife. * That friend of yours down at Men dover,* said she,-1 what is his name ? -Gosford?-well, he seems an un conscionable time dying. I wish he'd hurry up with his Chiltern Hundreds ynd~ put sua end to himself at once. That is what is wanted tor Vin-the novelty and excitement of finding himself in the House of Commons. Supposing Mr Gosford were to resign at once, how soon could Vin be re turned? There's some procedure isn't there ? -the High Sheriff or somebody, issues a writ, or some thing ?' * I really cannot say,' her companion ' answered blandly. * I belong to a sphere in which such violent convul sions are unknown.' 4 At all events, Parliament will meet about the middle of February ?' she demanded. *1 presume so,' was the careless answer. 4 There's nothing else to do then - except salmon-fishing- and that's too cold.' 41 wish the middle of February were here now, and Vin all securely returned,' said she. * I suppose that even in the case of a small borough like Mendover, one's constituents can keep one pretty bnsy r They will watch how you vote, won't they ?-and remonstrate when yon go wrong; and pass resolutions; and expect you to go down and be cross-examined. Then there are always public meetings to be addressed; and petitions to be pre sented ; and people wanting admission to the Speaker's Galleiy ' 4 Why, really, Madge, there's a sort of furious activity about you this morning,' said he. * You (juite take one's breath away. I shouldn't be surprised to see yon on a platform yourself.' .It's all for Vin's sake I am so anxious*' she exclaimed. ' I can see How miserable and sad the poor boy is-though he bears it bo bravely never a word to one of us, lest we should, ask him if he believes in those people now, I wonder if he can. I wonder if he was so blinded that even nbw he will shut his eyes to their true character ?' * They are quite gone away, then ?* her companion asked. * Oh, yes,' she made answer. * I hope so. Indeed, I know they are. And on the whole it was opportune, just as this election was coming on; for now, if ever, Vin will have a chance of throwing off an infatuation that seemed likely to be his ruin, and of beginning that career of which all hope such great things.' She glanced round, cautiously; anri lowered her voice. * But, oh, mv goodness, if ever he should find out the means we took to persuade them to go, there will be the very mischief to pay: he will tear us to pieces ! You know how impetuous and proud he is, and then those people have appealed to him in a curious way - their loneliness-their poverty-and their Yes, I will admit it-certain personal qualities and characteristics. 1 don't deny it; any more than I would that the girl was extremely pretty, and the old man picturesque; and even well-mannered and dignified in his way. All the more dangerous-the pair of them. Well, now they are gone, I breathe more freely. While they were here, no argument was of any avail. Vin looked into the girl's appealing face -and everything was refuted. And at all events we can say this to our own conscience-that we have done them no harm. We are not medieval tyrants; we have not flung the venerable patriot and the innocent maiden into a dungeon, to say nothing j of breaking their bones on a rack. The venerable patriot and the innocent maiden, I have no doubt, consider themselves remarkably well off. And that reminds me that Harland Harris, although he is of opinion that all property should be under social con trol-' ' Not ail property, my dear Madge,' said Lord Musselburgh, politely. * Or rather he would say that all property should be under social control-except his property.' * I dare say that is the distinction. At all events, it seems to me that he occasionally finds it pretty convenient to have plenty of money at his own individual command. Why, for him to denounce the accumulation of capital,' she continued, with a pretty scorn, * when no one makes more ostentatious use of the power of money! Is there a single thing he denies him self-one single thing that is only possible to him through his being a man of great wealth ? Every luxury you can think of! I shouldn't wonder a bit if, when he dies, he leaves in structions to have the electric light turned on into his coffin, just in case he should wake up and want to press the knob/ ' Come, come, Madge,' said Mussel burgh. 1 Be generous, A man cannot always practise what he preaches. You must grant him the privilege of sighing for an idea!' 'Harland Harris sighing for an idea,' said Mrs. Ellison, with something of feminine spite, * would make » capital subject for an imaginative picture by Watts if my dear brother-in-law weren t rather stout, and wore a black frock-coat.1 Meanwhile, Vincent returned to London, and renewed his solitary search; it was the only thing he felt fit for; all other employments had no meaning for him, were impossible. But, as day by day passsed, he became more and more convinced that they must have left London : he knew their familiar haunts so well, and their habits, that he was certain he niust have encountered them somewhere if they were still within the great city. And here was the .New Year drawing nigh, when friends far separated re called themselves to each other's memory, with hopes and good wishes tor the coming time. It seemed to him that he would not have felt this loneliness so much, if only he had known that Maisrie was in this or that definite place-in Madrid-in Venice iii Home-or even in some huge steamship ploughing its way across the wide Atlantic. But astartling surprise was at hand. About half-past ten on the last night *if the old year a note was brought upstairs to him by a ^servant. His face grew suddenly pale when he saw the hand-writing, which he instantly tebognised. . bought this?' he said breathlessly. * A man, sir.' * fa he waiting ?' No, sir; he said there was no answer.* tf-a maii^ cent, with the same rapidity-and not yet daring to open the letter. .L. \A a common sort of man, sir.* ^ 4 Very w«ll-von ; witii a sudden sinking of the heart, h^ nf r/ T.WaS 110 address a* the head of the letter. It ran thus-the a iiwe *«?»*»?« 'Dear Vincent, fa. atalr When you receive this, we shall bp faraway; but I have arraneedthat von shin g ll3 UJLb,efore Year, and ft brio! , JJf heilJ^feIt ^^^iyonr happiness. ir the good-bye <hat I cannot eay to jbu peri sSls* i-»rto paw, and itwdlbe better for all of us, I S/w?8 -? ^not ^ a very light heart ttat I write these few lines to m. Sometimes lwush that we had never met kch to look back upon : and also the companion .hip we had for a time, which was so pleasant- you ^ would understand how pleasant to me, if you had known what had gone before, and what is now likely to come after. But do not think I repine: more has been done for me than ever 1 can repay; and as-t am the only One to whom my grandfather can look now for help and sympathy, I should be ungrateful indeed if I grudged it. Forgive me, dear friend, if I speak so much of myself; my thoughts are far more often concerned about you than with any thing that ran happen to me. And I know that this step we are taking, though it may pain you for a little whilf, will be- salutary in the end. Yon have a great future before you; jo^ frlends espeet much-of you,; you ; owe it to yourself not to disappoint them. Andafter a little while, you wiil be able to to ^back ftp the places where we used to £0; and therewillbe nothing but friendly reeol lectionl of pleasant evenings; and I »?»» sure nothing need ever come between us (as you feared) I mean in the way of having kind thoughts of each other, always and always ; and when yon marry no one will more heartily wi ll you every happiness and bless ing than I shall. This is to be my last letter to you; I have promised. I wish I could make it convey to you all 2 think; but you will understand, dear Vincent, that there is more in it than appears in these stiff and cold words And another kindne s I must beg of you, dear friend, befote saying good-bye - and faresreli-It is tMsj Would you try and for get a Litfle of what Jj^said to you that morning on tlie pier. If you : bought there was any thing I said was a-little more" than a girl should have confessed, would you try and iorget it, dear Vincent ? I was rather miserable-I "fotegaw we ehould have to say good-J>yeto eseh jother, when you would not see it, for you were always so full of confi dence and courage ; and perhaps I told you more than I should have done-and you will try to forget that. I don't want you to for get it all, dear Vincent; only what you think was said too frankly-or hurriedly at such a moment. And now, dearest friend, this is good-bye; gfid it is good-bye for ever, as between you and me. I will pray for your happiness always. MAISEIE. ,, P.S.-There was one thing I said to yoa that you promised you would not forget. ^ ]£. Was he likely to forget it, or any single word she had uttered, on that wild, wind-tossed morning ? But in the meantime the immediate question--How and where had this letter come here ? For one thing, it had heen brought by hand; so there was no postmark. Who, then, had been the messenger ? How had he come to be employed ? What might he not know of Maisrie's whereabouts P Was there a ch&nce; of finding a clue to Maisrie, after all, and just as the glad New Year was coming in ? It was "barely eleven o'clock He ! ?yflnt down into -tbe hall, w hipped on : OYcrcQSit .ji.nd hat, and - the next J momentV was striding away towards Mayfair; he judged, and judged rightly, that a bpon co»mpomon and a poet was not likely to be early abed on such a night. When he reached the lodging-house in the - little thoro^hfajce off Paii-street, he co^dd hear singing going1 forward in the subterranean kitchen : nay, he could make out the raucous chorus S-ays Wolse ey, 6ays he, To Arabi, Yon can fight othfer chaps, bnt you can t tight door; the land lady's daughter answered the snmmonsjsbe 6howed him into a room, and then went below her fatter. fteiinflJi'lfc. Hotreon ap-; Ji eared- erwiitsiMy turner; eon-~ sidering the occasion. 'Did you bringa notedown to me to-night, Hobson? was the young man's first question. < j ^ i His heart leapt up joyously: his ( swift surmise had been correct. j * And has Miss Bethune been here recently ? he asked, with the greatest eagerness. .! Mo, no, sir,* said Hobson, shaking; 1^® H^4- I ^|fe?wafi ^wp|j ^and sajs ehe, 'Hobson,'< says she,' I can trust yon; and there's ; never a word to be said about this letter-not to no one whatever ; and the night afore. New Year's "Day you'll take it down yourself, and leave it for Mr. Harms * Which I did^ eirf though, not waitin*, as I thought thfcre wasn't-aaiiswer; and ope there's Nothing wrong", sir.' Vincent was standing in the middle of the room-not listening. * You have heard or seen, nothing, then, of Mr Bethune or of Miss Bethune, since they left ?' he asked absently. * Nothing, sir-honly that I took nowee of some advertisements, sir, in the papers-' * I know about those,' said Vincent. So once more, as on many and many a lecent occasion, his swiftly blossoming hopes had been suddenly blighted; and there was nothing for him but to wander idly and pensively away back to Grosvenor Place. The New Year found him in his own room -with Maisrie's letter before him; while, with rather a careworn look on his face, he studied every line and phrase of her last message to him. But the New Year had something else in store for him besides that. He was returned, unopposed, for the borough of Mendover. And about the first thing that his constituents heard, after the election, was that their new member proposed to pay a visit to the United States and Canada, and that at present no date had been fixed for his return. [TO be CONTENDED.J 