STO&tOF; TH&GOLD; ROBBEBT. The Melbourne Er-eiiing Standard f^res a story regardingthe murderer Williams which it etaieshas been related to a representative by a detective engaged ill lie case. Thein cident goefi back fitter years, and the scenes are all IftiriinEoath Africa, at atamewhenthe diamond fever was caging and the Basso Turkish War woe netumg its close. In Cape <Jolony in 1877 three boxes containing5000 sovereigns were one day mysfceriouslyabstrac ted from a |mail cart travelling between WUiiamEtotrn and Otflhamstown. The gold belonged to the Standard Sank, and iwas taken over to the hotel in King. WBliamsbown, whencethe mail cartstaited,and here placed inthe vehicle hy Mr'Pointmg, manager ofthe hostelry, In tie presence 6£ the bank officials. Oneof them mounted t-he box with; the driver, -and all wait weUnntiia certain' half-way turnpike WBsraacibedj when the tolls : of lading liad to he ecru&nisedand; the con- - Stents -of thcveliicle examined.' Then it was | found that the gold w&snoton; board. It had, disappeared in some nnaccounfcablcmaaner, ' but how or "where it had gone to remained a; myisteiyfdrcomc timeaftcrl Itwas noticed that at about this time a seafaring engineer named *rBo!ly" WiUismB Wae knocking about Sing 'WilliiunHtown, and in such a way ae to excite eospidon in the minils of fchepolice, for he hBd no osfcensible means of support, though %e represented himself as being con :necbed with abig engineering firm in England. He lived at the hotel where Pointing was manager, the owner ofthe place being at the time in Histoid country, having left Point ing tolodkafter his ' interests " during his absence. Pointing and Williams were fast -friends, sand, the fact that Pointing evi dently knew something of how the money .disappeared brought suspicion on both £S«alike. There was no direct evidence npon either could be arrested, and eo it was: to keep them both under dose snrreil lance. W illiams began to find this sort of thing, rather disagreeable,, and determined to put some distance between himself and the Cape Colony police authorities as ioon as pos^ sible. Hut his tame for depa^ture hadnotyet arrived. He lesolvedtio put np withthe^sk, a little longer, T8ther than leave this country, Bpoil/^^^'poUoe^ ^ laBt 'det^^a^ to act holdly against Poiniing, fearing that he would Booner or later give them the slip. So they pounced upon him suddenly one day aad wsbueedhim of the wbbeiys and he, taken aback with the suddenness ofthe charge fcacilty admi'ted he was a party to the deed. The bank, mote anxious for lite .money titan for the vindication of the law, gave the thief to linderstand that it he would only lead them to thp placewhere the coin woe " planted" tiiey^would not "prosecute him- He iduc tantiy consented. The money, he told them, hadbeen planted in a oaudSfll near the town. There were several Bnchhills, lint he could not tell them exactly which one. Two policemen ami a bank official, act out for the concealed treasure. Pointing led them up one lull suaddown another t&l; darkness came on, and they were all tired, and (lie 50C0 sovereigns were as far away as ever. For several days after the search was renewed, bat with no better result. Pointing bad changed his mind. Williams bad found an' opportunity of persuading him that it would be much better to risk a term of imprison ment, and have the money when he came out, than give up the money, and perhaps have to go to gaol after alL 35m hotel manager was at lost placed onhis trial. The evidence bronjrbt himwas conclusive. The jury found him gnQty, and heleftthe court to serve a sentence of three years1 imprisonment. The position grew altogether to uncomfor table for Williams now. The eyes of th« police were on him every where. It was known that he had played an important part in the robbery, and he knew be was suspected. While Pointing was on his trial Williams assured him be would Bee that be was properly supplied with luxuries dming bis incar ceration, and that (lien they could lift the " plant," leave the country, mi sail for Aus tralia with fiie £5000. / At any rate Pointing assefted on his libera tion that snch an understanding did exist between them, and bow Williams on bis part fulfilled it remains to be seen. One morning after the hotel manager bad begun to eerie his sentence a mysterious . disapneiance was repented. Williams had not been seen for some days, and no one could say where be bad gone, or bow be had taken bis departure. . He had disappeared like a ghost in the night, and no trace of him could be found. Nothing more was beard of him till abont nine months I later, when a queer-looking ^TBfctle man evidently disguised, got off the coach at King WilliamBtown. fib one blew who the visitor was, and a^o many people were going and comiiigjko the diamond fields he did not excite more than ordinary notice. The little man was none other than " Bully" Williams, who had returned for the " swag " when the coast -was clear. fie found it where it was planted in the sand, and, laden with sovereigns, he inade his way back as quickly as possible to the coast. On arrival at the port of East liondon it was noticed he was very flush of cash. He gave a great spree at one of the hotels, got all bis old acquaintances nound him, and after a really merry tame of it he sailed for London. The gentleman who'has supplied as with this information was at the time a prominent resi dent of East London, and bis bona fides are undoubted. Hie knew Williams well and all about him, and has no doubt that the man who committed the Windsor murder and the accomplice of Pointing in the South African gold robbery axe one and the same person. Williams was for some years an engineer on. one of the Union Campany'g Cope mail boats. When at East liondon he had to leave the vessel, it was supposed through a row with the. men, who could not aland his arrogant disposition. He was known among seafaring men as " Bully " Williams, because of the constant swagger he assumed and his noto riously aggressive manner. When Pointing got out of gaol he went back to IQngwilltams town, to get the money he and Williams bad planted, but found to his sorrow that Williams who bad promised to wait for him, bad been there before him. It transpired subsequently that Pointing, instead of putting the boxes of -gold into the mail cart, put in dummy boxes instead, the bank officials who were standing by being deceived by the counterfeit parcels. Williams' favonrite topic of conversation on hoard the Kmser WUhjelm was " My travels in South Africa," where he alleged he had made a fortune and "Spent it like a man, pr.M 