Law and Justice. Yet another act exceedingly difficult to construe. This is the " Poisoned Flesh, etc., Prohibition Act, SO Vict., No. 87,"" which enacts that anyone laying poisoned matter on his lands without giving noticc ot doing so shall incur ccrtain penalties. On Friday last one Archibald Chilcott was found to have laid poisoned grain on his land without affixing a notice warning people ot the same, in conscqucncc whereof his neighbor's pigs, which were in the habit ot straying into Ctiilcott's land, partook ot the succulent grain, and shortly aftcrwanlsi gave up the ghost. Now the Bench, though it found that Chilcott bad done contrary to the act, yet dismissed the information. Why was this 1 Was it because the Bench thought the pigs couldn't have read the noticc if it had been stuck up, or what ? An answer from the P.M. in our next will oblige. Albert Cane, sentenced to four months for larceny this week, is an example of the reforming influences which environs the criminal practice like a halo. Cane is barely 17, yet out of the last six and a half years tie has spent five years and eleven months in quod. Puzzle: How much time will he have put in when he's 70f Batepayers, Cane means you to pay for bis board and lodging, and you can't shirk it. Cecilia liowley, aged 15, steals a ring and gets a week's imprisonment, with three years in the Industrial School. Having once finished her education, there, Cecilia will probablysteal some more, not like the Mikado, " to make the punishment fit the crime," but the reverse. On Thursday, two men, for stealing each about £G worth of tin ore, were merely ordered, as it was a first offence, to find sureties to be of good behavior for six months. This iB as it should be—mercy tempering justice; but oh 1 Cecilia, what was the matter with hie Worship's liver when he sentenced you ? Some eases of great interest to thirsty mortals with a weakness for long beers took place last week. Robert Taylor, landlord of the Crown Inn, was fined £5 and costs for selling liquor toft woman on Sundaylast. Well, Kobcrt broke the law, no doubt, but what we want to know is why Robert only ? There are very few pubs in town that the DEMOCRAT staff has never been in on a Sunday, and we none of us remember the nimble sixpence having ever been refused except once, and then wc wanted Boniface to chalk it up, as wc had our Sunday pants on and forgot, etc. The landlord said he'd heanl it all before, and his conscience smote him so that he rcfusod to trade on the blessed Sabbath. Bobby, we think you must have refused your thiivty namesake a long beer on the evening of the Sabbath in question. Don't do it again, Bobby, for verily long beers are more plentiful than fivers, else would somcof us be in a sad plight. Some Wellington-street nymphs played up at Tommy Maloney's Hunt Club Hotel the other night, breaking his chairs and windows, and when he remonstrated flung his own vases at him. There is a grim humor about this but Tommy didn't see it, though as an Irishman he ought to have done, so he ejected the fair humorists, and, moreover, appealed to the little Worship in the big chair about it. Tommy wont have any more trouble for another fortnight at least. At the Licensing Court the other day, it was decided that Mr. Justus Bumpfi—who has reasonable expectations of being trustee of all Launcestoh in bankruptcy if these hard times .continue much longer—should not hold all the licenses in Northern Tasmania, which he had laid himself out to do. Their worships agreed that though Justus might, sell the sacred Court House itself some day at noon, on the steps thereof, under a constructive levy or seizure made under a writ of fi. fi„ yet never, never should he monopolise the licenses. Foolish of Justus to wear that bit of blue ribbon at his buttonhole under the circumstances. It is a poor rule that wont work both ways. Still there are such rules; local option is one of them. There was a man and his name was Job, and lo, he had " Harris'ed" the court this four years to grant him a license for an hotel to be called the Jubilee Hotel. But the Court decided to refuse Job and test his patience, and for this four years they refused his application on technical grounds. Last week tke case was, for the first time, heard on its merits, but not decided on them; for though Job was backed up by a petition signed by a majority of ratepayers, which, had local option been law, would have secured him the license, Job was once more refused. Moreover, like his Biblical namesake, Job only escaped by the skin of his teeth from paying the costs of the minority who petitioned against him. Sammy Sutton and the P.M. and a leading religious light combined against Job to vex his soul with £3 3s. costs, and it was only .the casting vote of the chairman that saved him. There, Tasmanian Democrats, just, chew that little bit of government by minority till next week. 