FICTION. From Kngluli, tmerlcnn, aiid Other Periodical«. HANßBDTBÜT^LIVINß: PART I-(Continued ) " What is it you have to say," she cried angrily, with a stamp of her foot. " Quick, let me pass !" Her tone, knowing what I did, irritated me. Again 1 feli into the error that I had committed once before. Again I lost my temper. " I have only this to say to you," I returned hotly. " Let my brother alone. You are duping him as you duped me. You are playing with him as you played with ma. You will break his heart as you have broken mine." < She looked at me a moment in silence and burst out laughing. " What of that," she cried, " what of that ? Is his heart any bettor than another's ? He must take his chance like the rest." " Suppose I open his eyes-suppose I tell him my story and warn him against you ?" Her lip3 curled contemptuously. " Try it," she answered, " try it and see whom he will believe you orme. I have got him, I tell yon. I've goj him, and neither you nor all the men on the face of the earth can wean his heart from me." | There was an instant's pause. I looked at her i steadily ¡ she returned the look. " Well ?" she ! said, at length. | " I'm trying to get one thing clear," I said slowly. " I'm trying to make out whether you are woman or devil " She smiled as though I had paid her the finest compliment. " You're in a flattering mood this morning, Mr. Preston," she returned, "but as you seem so earn- est on the point, I'll try and enlighten you. If you ask me whether I am a devil or a woman, I tell you frankly, I don't know. I think I was a woman once until a man came in my way and took all the heart I ever had, and laughed, and left me to be what I am." Her face darkened as she spnkp ., the light died out of her eyes. I saw the change in her and hastened to take advaatage of it. "Annie," I cried, " Annie, in pity's sake-as you yourself may need mercy some day-spare my brother now, His happinens is dearer to me than my own. He's all I have in the world to care for. For the sake of the love you once bore another have pity on him." She lifted her head and confronted me, her face convulsed with passion, her eyes blazing. "Por God's sake, cease and let me go," she almost screamed. " What is the use of pleading to me P Don't T tell you I am no longer a woman, but a stone, a devil, if you like ? My heart is dead, died years ago. Let your brother look to himself. I cannot save him, and would not if I could." She dashpd past me and away. What was I to do? My appeal had failed. Should I warn Harry ? That would only make matters worse. I knew enough of the woman I waB dealing with, and'knew enough of my brother to feel sure that she had spoken the truth. I had not long to wait for confirmation of her words. That very night, in passing her dressing room on ray way out, I heard two voices-his voice and hera. Then, as I reached the end of the corridor, the sound of footstens told me that they had come ont of tho room. I glanced round quickly. They were slowly pacing toward the stage. She was leaning on his arm, with one hand placed on his shoulder, looking up into his eyes as she had once looked into mine, while his head was bent down to hers with an ineffable love expressed in his gaze. A pang hhot through my bosom as I gazed upon them, a pang of sorrow, despair, or, jealousy-God only eau tell and my heart seemed to stand still for a moment. I turned sick and giddy, and leaned my head against the wall. A hand-a soft, plump, white hand-was placed in mine, and'Foyle's voice spoke. " You, foolish fellow, why couWc't you take a warning. Why couldn't you let that woman alone," he said, gently. " I would have spoken to you about it long ago, but when a young man has gone as far as you have been lie's in no mood to take advice from an older head than his. He only I listens to the echo of his own heart, and that sooner or la>er 'eads him into misery. Look at your brothor there-she'll make as complete a fool of him as of you." " Aye, that's the worst," I groaned. " Exactly," answered Foyle, with a confirmatory nod of his head. "Exictly. Suppose I try to warn him ; suppose you do! Do you think he'd thank either of us for it ? Do you think he'd do anything but what he is doing now ? Unless I've lived in the woild fifty-five years for nothing he'd be all the worse. I know what you've got in your mind to do," he went on. " Don't ! The influence of a whole life's association, all the affection between brothers that ever existed since the world began-all the ties that bound you two together, are as nothing com- pared to the power of a woman like Annie Glover when she chooses to exercise it. Watch them now. She'd rouse the very stones to life," he murmured, after a, pause. Following his eyes I watched tha pair as they slowly paced up and down the corridor in the dim light. Now they were coming toward us. Her arm was still clasped in his, her eyes were turned to his, with a look in which unfathomable depths of tenderness seemed to be. " She acts her part well," I cried bitterly. " Yee, that's just the mischief of it,"- responded Foyle, thoughtfully stroking his chin. " She is a good actress-confound her ! Look here," he con- tinued, turning again to me, " Don't speak to your brother on the subject. If you do there'll be a, quarrel, and, if I know anything of your tempers, the quarrel will be a bad one. That woman has the power and the will to separate yon and she'll use it if she gets the chance. One thing more I have to say," he said as he turned to go, " I don't half like *he look of Macy. Now and again there's aom'etbing in his eyes when he looks at Harry and you that I cannot make out. If it were any other man I should say he was getting dargerous. I only remember one case like his before in all my experience, and mischief cam3 out of it." Foyle's look and manner as he said these last words impressed me. I felt that he was right. Yet, as it seemed, nothing could be done. I started to go out, when I suddenly stopped, turned, peered into the shadows, and going closer discerned Macy gazing fixedly after them, motionless as a " lay figure. Instantly Foyle's words flashed upon me. " "What is the meaning of this ?" I exclaimed, angrily. " Why are you hiding here and staring after them in that way ?" " Why ?" he cried, his voice rising almost to a shriek. " Why ? Because I see all I have to love in this world, the sunshine of my old age, drifting away from me-stolen-by him ! Do you know what will be the end of it all ?" he continued. " I dont. I only see the light that is growing dimmer and dimmer day by day ¡ I only feel the grip, au of some invisible cord, clasping my head in a vise, and growing tighter and tighter. Some day the cord will break, and then-" His voice bad gradually grown to a faint murmur, and a change fell over bis face. His form shook, and his cheeks erew deathly pale. He fell back and leaned heavily against the wall. Quick as thought I darted out of the passage way into my dressing room, and filled a glass with water. When I reached the corridor Macy had gone I ran to the Brage, but could see no sign of him. I ran out into the street-he was nowhere in sight. Clearly his sudden attack of illness had been assurrjpd with the design of getting rid of me. Handing the glass to the hall-keeper, and asking him to replace it in my ro«m, I slowly went home. Matters wpnt on in this strange, unreal fashion for a little while. We travelled along from town to town-stopping a week here and a fortnight there, much the same as theatrical companies do now. We had reachpd York, and the ripxt place on our list was Grimsby-the first seaport we should touch. The time of which I am writing was the time of England's dual wars with Napoleon and Amp.rica-about three years or so before the battle of Waterloo, and when the press gangs were scouring the country. All England W»R in a dis- turbed and agitated condition. News of battles by sea and land came every day. Many a woman that woke up a wife lay down to sleep a widow. Wo reached Grimsby in due course, arriving there, if I remembet rightly, on a Sunday after- noon. Harry and I took up our quarters close by the riverside in a housa the back of which faced thp quay. I had always chosen it whenpver we had visited the town on account of the breeze from the river. The landlord, Thomas Worsley, was employed as hall keeper at the theatre. You must not suppose that there was any actual difference between uè. We were just the same brothers that we had ever been except for the one black trouble, unseen by him and known only to me, that had come between us and overshadowed our lives. The piece selected for our opening performance at Grimsby was " Othello." Harry waa the Roderigo, while I was the Cassia^- the fellow who was to kill Roderioo in the duel. It was while we were practising the fencing bout that Harry suddenly started, stopped, and felt hiB left leg. " That con- founded wound is breaking open again," he said ; "the pain is almost unbearable." He stepped to the side of the stage as he spoke, and Btooping down, showed me the calf of the leg, all swollen and inflamed. The wound in question was one of old date-the result of a climbing accident "when we were both small boys. I hurried to the dressing room and dipped my handkerchief in the water jug, then came back to the stage and wound the hand- kerchief round the affectel part. " Thanks, old man," said Harry. " I must see Simpson before it gets any worse." Simpson waa the surgeon who lived next door but one to our lodgings. I saw Harry no more that afternoon. Off the stage I saw bim no more that day until late in the evening when the performance was over. Then leaving my ovn dressing room to go out I suddenly came upon him in an angle of the corridor with Annie Glover by his side, her face lifted to his, her eyeR gazing into his, the while he was speaking. My heart leaped. Mv whole frame turned ice cold. As I passed them she said something, and they Bmiled. The thought that crossed my mind at that mo- ment gave life to a rage-a rage as of murder that slowly rose in my bosom, mounted to my brain, and mastered my whole being. Up to that moment my intention had been to go straight out and home. Now I hesitated ; why, I could nob for the life of me tell-nor can I tell now. AU I knew is that I did stop, with some ill-defined, indistinct idea of doing something to pnt an end to it all. In the same moment I heard the sound of some one approaching. The open door of a deserted dressing room was behind me. Stepping back into the shadow of the doorway I waited. Harry went by on his way out. He did not see me for a mo- ment, but walked straight on through the hall. Moved by Borne irresistible impulse I followed and called to him. At the sound of my voice, he stopped, turned, and faced me in the light of the hall keeper's lodge. "Hallo, Jack," he exclaimed with a laugh, " where have you sprung from ? Is it you or your ghost ? Good heavens," he cried, " how white you are-how strangely you look ! What in the name of mercy does it mean ?" My face deathly white-my looks strange. What wonder ? For there while he spoke I had seen around his neck a scarf-a scarf that bad been mine a short while before ; a scarf that I had taken from my own neck and given to Annie because she had asked for it. There, staring me in the face, was the death of all my hopes-the mockery of my heart's delusion. As I stood there looking at him my bosom filled with mingled passion and anguish against my own folly, against her who had duped and mocked at it. My first words to him spoke of the bitterness that filled my heart. "Give me that scarf," I cried hoarsely, ad- vancing towards hin.. Harry started back and his look of astonishment have place to one-of annoyance. " What-this ?" he answered, pointing to it with a foroed smile. " I can't give you this. This is a particular keepsake-from a lady." "Yes, I know. She gave it to you." The Bmile died out of his face and a dark look appeared in its stead. Ho took a step forward and his eyes lit np with anger. " I don't know whom you mean by 'she,' bnt if you allude to the lady from whom I received it, I'll thank you to put the reference in a becoming way. If you, like a fool, choose to be jealous because a woman has given me a scarf, that is your lookout and not bers or mine," "My lookout-yes," I answered with a groan. " Would to God I had seen that before it was too late. Give me that scarf-it is mine. I gave it to her. Do you understand now ? She fooled me as she is fooling you. I loved her, and she has broken my heart, as she will break yours." I stopped suddenly and bit my lip with vexation. I had said more than I had meant to say, and was sorry for it. I thought I had never seen any one turn BO ghastly pale as Harry did when I uttered those last words. He staggered against the wall of the theatre, and looked at me stupidly for a moment. Then, rousing himself with a start, came toward me with a dreadful fierceness in his eyes. " Jack Preston, if we were not the sons of the same mother I'd ram the lie down your throat. I believe in her faith and truth as I believe in the angels of heaveu-as I believe you are lying now." At those words I lost all control. " Take off that scarf," I shouted. " Give it back or it will be worse for you. Give it to me, or I'll drag it from you " He sprang upon me as I spoke, but a burly form started out of the crowd, that had by this time aa I sembled, and got between us. It waB Foyle. There was a moment's silence. Then he spoke. " Jack Preston, you're a damnad fool for not taking advice when it's offered to you. And, Harry Preston, you're a worse fool for not believing the truth whon you hear it. Believe me, if you won't believe him. She's laughing at you- she was looking on and laughing when you "were quarrelling just now. She's laughed at you from the begin- ning " Harry had gradually grown quite quiet, while Foyle was speaking. The anger had died ont of his facp and left him cold nnd still. " I don't know whit all tkis means," he said wearily, at length, putting his hands to his face. " It seems that there is a lie Bomewhere, somehow, if I could only get to the bottom of it-or that there is truth in her or you. I can't quite get the right of this yet. I must try and think it out for myself. Jack, I was angry with you a moment ago. Now I'm aorry for you." The passion that had been in me had not quite died out yet. " Be 6orry for yourself,-' I said, as he turned away. " That scarf may be round Bome one else's Heck before the morning." I remember uttering those last words in a loud tone-a tone that all could hear. A stillness fell upon the crowd. Every eye was turned upon me. Even Worsley looked out of his window and stared hard. " Be quiet," said Foyle, sternly. " Have you lost heart as well as head. Do you see bow he is Buffering ? Follow him home and make your peace and let that woman go to the devil like all of her set. Good-night." (To be continued.) 