CURRENT TOPICS. , THE Christmas numbers of the Examiner and Tasmanian will be published to-morrow and will contain specially attractive features. The Examiner will comprise 12 pages, which with a large Christmas sup- plement will make over 16 pages of welt- selected reading matter. The Tasmanian, published in more convenient form,has been consid3rably enlarged andstrengthensd by the introduction of new features specially adapted for country residents. Among the specialties published for Christmas will be found an original tale, by a well-known writer, "Captain Treloar's Three Christmas Days ;" " His Father's Ghost," a story written for the paper; " On a Dumpling," a delightful article from the pen of one of Australia's foremost literateurs; fairy tales, poetry, etc. Country residents and agents will do well to send a memo. of their re- quirements as early as possible in order to avoid disappointment. Country subscribers of The Tasmanianr will be gratified to learn that their convenience Ibas been especially studied. In its new guise the popular weekly journil will be forwarded randy bound and cut. Thiis is a concession made by very few newspaper proprietors in Australasia. Tnu hon. the Treasurer (Mr John Henry) arrived yesterday from the North- West Coast to consult with the Inspector of Customs (Mir E. T. Boyes) relative to the changes contemplated in that depart- ment. The li ister has been md., aware of the fact that the cooperage at the Cus- tome, Launceston, which has been let by tender to cout 'act,,r, has not been satisfac- torily accomplished. It was decided at the conference yesterday that the work shall in future be done by an employee of the detartment, and the question of ap- pointing a successor to th1 late Mr J. Donaldson, messenger, was also considered, when it was decided to make no fresh ap- pointment but ta so divide the clerical duties that no change will be necessary. Other matters concerning packing, etc., received attention, and Mlr Henry states the alteratims will save the department an annual expenditure of X140. Mr Boyes returned,to Hoba:t by express train yes- terday, and the Treasurer left for the North-West Coast at 3.15, but he expects to return south next Wednesday. Iris understood that at a meeting of the Electric Light Cominittee of the City Council held yesterday morning matters in connection with the scheme were ad- vanced another stage. The draft of the .agreement to be signed by Mr W. Barnes was submitted and adopted, and was later in the day forwarded to that gentleman. The committee isjudiciously moving with some caution to bring the matter to a satisfactory conclusion. TaE' funeral Of the late Mr William Henry Leeming lift his father's residence, Bourke.street, at 9 a.m. yesterday. There was a large followint of moarnere, who pro- ceeded to the Church of England Cemetery. The chief mourners were the deceased's brothers, Messrs Frederick, Charles, and John Leoming, while the pall-bearers were the operators aid clerks in the Launceston Electric Tooegraph-ollise, who have been for years associated with the deceased, including the manager, Mr F. Allison; the chief operator, Mr F. Richardson; Mr R. Walker, line inspector; and Mlr M. Morton, of the Zachan oflic. The Pestal Depart ment was represented by Mr W. Windeatt, postmaster, and the Customs by the chiea clerk, Mr W. J. Bain. The funeral service was conducted by Rev. I. Nugent Kelly, incumbent of St. John's. Before the coffin was lowered into the grave three beautiful fleral wroethe were placed thereon, being the list tribute paid to the memory of doe.ased by his confreres in the Electric Telegraph-offices of Llunceston, Hobart, and Zeehan. WIILE th coo001 westerly breeze which fanned the cheeks of pedestrians yesterday was welcomed gratefully, complaints were numerous by citizens that there appeared a dearth of water to lay the clouds of dust. When it became apparent that the muni- cipal water-carts wore not brought into requisition enquiries were made, and the cause soon leaked out. One of the large wa-ter- pipes at lMaggs's Hill had burst early in the day, and there was a scarce supply in the city, but repairs were effected, and copious quantity will probably be available today. The usual monthly meeting of the Northern Tasmanian Camera Club was held at Mr. R.L. Parker's rooms on Wednesday evening last. The president (Mr Wm. Gibson) presided. In committee the hon. secretary brought forward some complaints of the detention of the club albums by some of the town members be- yond the allotted time, and it was decided to urge members in every way possible to send the albums along to time, and to enforce the fines where culpable negligence was proved. It is to be hoped that mem- bers will assist the efforts of the committee by every means in their power to keep the albums circulating quickly, as otherwise it leads to much annoyance and dissatisfac- tion. After committee business the presi- dent addressed the club, and in returning thanks for the honour conferred upon him said that owing to illness this was the first meeting he had been able to preside at, but being now restored to perfect health he would endeavour to attend as often as possible. He congratu- lated the club upon the work it was doing and upon the marked improvement noticeable, and was glad to hear that it was proposed to admit ladies as members. He trusted that the club would still con- tinue to progress as steadily as it had done hitherto. The hon. secretary then read the report of the judge in the Gibson competi- tion, when it was found that Mr. F. Styant Browne had been awarded the first prize (a handsome camera given by Mr Gibson), Mr. R.L. Parker gaining the second (an album given by the club), and Mr Arthur Green was commended. The judge spoke highly of much of the work sent in for the competition. The album containing the pictures was then presented to Mr. Gibson, who suitably acknowledged the gift. W. Bradshaw, of Sheffield, was un- animously elected a member. The discussion upon chromatic aberration in unconnected lenses was postponed until next meeting. An album of excellent views of New Zealand scenery, kindly lent by Mr. R.F. Irvine, was much appreciated. Mr. Parker showed some interesting yacht studies, and Mr. Twelvetrees negatives of life and scenery in Greece and Asia Minor. Hearty votes of thanks were accorded the president for his kindness in giving the first prize for the competition and for presi- ding that evening, and to Mr. J.W. Beattie, of Hobart, for judging the com- petition and for his excellent report thereon. AT the annual meeting of the local branch of the St. Patrick's Benefit Society, which was held in the Workmen's Club on Wednesday evening (the president, Bro. P. J. Matthews, occupying the chair), a committooe was appointed to confer with that of the Hibernian Australaian Catholic Benefit Society on the best means of cele- brating St. Patrick's Day next. Auditors were elected, and the following offices filled for the ensuing year:-President, Bro. Patrick Walshe; vice-president, Bro. John Walsh; treasurer, Bro. J. J. Sheehan; and secretary, Bro. D. J. O'Connor. Dr. W. R. Thrower's name was added to the list of medical officera. Satisfaction was expressed at the financial progress of the society. Tun summer vacation in the state schools began yesterday afternoon and will extend to January 21, except in districts where special arrangements have been made. During the past year the attendances at the Launceston schools have materially in- creased, owing principally to the untiring efforts of the truant officer (Mr Wakeham), who was appointed during the period. It is to be hoped some arrange- meat will be made to relieve the great crush at the Charles-screet school during next year. Tne bench at the City Police Court yesterday was eceupied by Messrs E Whitfeld and J. Campbell, J.'sP. William Hawkins pleaded not guslhy to a charge of unlawfully assaulting AMr Robert Taylor, of the Crown Hotel, on the 12th inst., by trying to gouge his leet eye out and biting the tip of his left ear off. The accused was defended by Mr R. Byron Miller. The evidence of the prosecutor was to the effect that on the night of the 12th inst. Hlawkins, with one or tio companions, went into the hotel and asked for drinks, which were s?cred t' them. After thy had been su plied with the liquor an Assyrian hawker came in and asked for a glass of beer, which he was supplied with, and before he had finished drinking it Hlawkins began calling him names. Mr Taylor interfered on behalf of the foreigner, who is a brother of the man recently murdered on the East Coast. Hawkins thereupon struck Taylor a severe blow on the face, at the same time making use' of disgusting language. On being threatsned by Mr Taylor Hawkins went out, but soon reappeared by the side door. A rough-and-tumble ensued, and the ac- cused committed the assault complained of. After hearing the evidence of several wit- nesses, and a lengthy address by defendant's counsel, the bmoch dismissed the case on the ground that the assault was commenced by the prosecutor. SOME luscious peaches, raised in the orchard of Mr J. E. Thurator, Trevallyn, were brought to this office yesterday. The fruit was remarkably well developed for this time of the year, quito ripe, and in fiavour excellent. Tine soil of Trerallyn seems well adapted to fruit and vegetablcs. lea G. W. WiTEamHoaE, P.H., presided at the Lilydale Court of Requests yesterday. There naa only one case set down for hearing, Adams v. Knight, a claim for £5 17s, palings sold. Alter hearing evi dence a verdict for the plaintiff for £8 12s was given.- Tho usual monthly police court was also held, presided over by Mr Waterhouse. Persons, for allowing cattle to stray, were fined in the ordinary way, and a charge against a man for cutting wood on certain property without a license was adjourned until January. TIerca was a large attendance at the Tabernacle laset evening, when an enter- tainment was given by the members of the Wharf Mission Hall, who had a large Christmas tree erected with several pounds worth of toys and gifts of all descriptions hanging about it. Mr R. Marshall occupied thechair, and a very nice programme was rendered by the following :— Recitations by Mrs Craib, Miss Brumby, Messrs. Britten and Brumby; soles by Mrs Gould and Mr F. Clarke; addrelses were given by Pastor A. J. Clarke, Mr F. Crooks, and the chairman. T'ho church choir of the Wharf Mission Hall rendered some excel- lent Christmas cards, which were well received by those present. The entertain- ment closed at half-past nine o'clock by the chairman distributing the gifts. THE children attending the day school at Glenfleld House, Brisbane- street, kept by the Misses F. and L. Vincent, were enter- tained at the Depot Grounds yesterday afternoon at their annual treat, which passed off successfully. All kinds of games and amusements were indulges in by the children, who dispersed at about six o'clock, after an enjoyable afternoon'souting. The examinationsof the various classes have been held with success, the children that passed in their respective classo3 gaining high credit, which speaks well for the skill and attention of the teachers. About sixty scholars attend the school. IT is intended to give the Christmas oratorio "The Messiah" on Thursday even- ing next in Christ Church, the vocalists being the members of the church choir, assisted by some of the best local singers. Miss Frost, as usual, will preside at the organ, and Mr J. Frost will conduct the performance. ON Boxing night the City Park will. be the scene of a thorough novelty entertain ment. Brilliant illuminations will be one of the leading features, and the City Band will perform aspecially seleoted programme, which will include several of the pieces that were so popular on their I?te visit to Mel bourne. But the chief attraction will be a distribution of gifts, which will be con ducted under the supervision of a commit. tee selected from the audience. A NOVELTY in the way of Christmas decorations is to be seen in the shop of Mr G. King, the well-known butcher, of Charles street. It consists of a painting extending across the whole width of the establish ment, the Econe represented being a mob of cattle drinking at the foot of a cataract. The picture shows a forest scene in the foreground, and a rushing stream of water falling over rocks into a fern-embowered pool beneath, at which the cattle are quenching their thirst. In the background is a flock of sheep, and towering over all the summits of some lofty mountains. The waterfall and the green colours of the trees and ferns give a cool appearance to the shop. The scene was painted by one of the staff emlloyed by Messrs Bennell Bros. Mr King has also had his shop painted inside and out. Tis Salvation Army Barracks were well filled last evening, when the Christmas demonstrations were commenced. The various oflicers were present, and a most enjoyable musical evening was passed. On Sunday extraordinary meetings will be held at 11 am., 3 p.m., and 7 p.m. On Boxing Day the Salvation Army will pro ceed to George Town and Beauty Point in Messrs T. A.. Roynolds and Co.'s steamer Banks Peninsula, which leaves the wharf at half-past eight in the morning, returning from George Town at 4 p.m. Ma R. STEWART. the newly appointed Superintendent of Police at George Town, arrived from Hobart by the steamer War rentinna yesterday, and was landed at his destination. Air M. STACKHnousE, secretary to the Academy of Music Company, informs us that the following dates have been secured:-Docember 26, Payne Family, one week ; January 31, Martin Simonsen, five nights; February 20, Hudson's Sur prise Party, one week. AT St. Andrew's Church yesterday after noon the Rtv. J. MacNeil conducted a Bible reading service, which was fairly well attended. The reverend gentleman held his evening service at Chalmers Church, which was well attended. To-day two services will be held at the same time and places as those held yesterday. ®SracIAL attention is directed to the advertising tariff for persons desiring to obtain situations or persons having employ ment to offer. For this class of advertise monts the charge for two lines will be sixpence, or three insertions one shilling; threepence being charged for every line over two lines. T?a London correspondent of the Macn chester Guardian learns that the work of preparing for publication a selection from the private political paper?, documents, and corrospondence left by the late Mr Parnell is now well in hand, and that the book may be expected before Parliament meets. Mr Parnell was not, as is well known, what is called a good correspon dent; indeed he very rarely replied to a letter. Nevertheless, he seems to have carefully kept every communication of importance, especially of political iumpor tance, which he received. Another fact which the examination of his papers has revealed is that, despite his well known habit of ignoring his correspondents, people of all classes sent him communica tiona. The executors of the late Irish leader have, it seems, come to the conclu sion that it woull bo unwiso for the present to publish a biography. TE? s.s. Warrentinna will make an croar sion to George Town n Monday, and a speclal pionio trip ta Rorevear's and Gravelly Beach on the following day. AN excursilon train will run to Denitoa Gorge an Saturday afternoon. llmESsns ALLEN AND DAVIDson notify that they will keep open until 10 p.m. to-day. F. L. Frsu's advertisement will be found on pego 7. 