-HqUSE;v.:$F-; RIMJtfON. \- ra\3B5K)HT OPTHE " BLAOK . CiJUNTRY" r oPaoOTH'-OTTOraamRE. BiJEANIG OW7NNK BETTANY, - ..- 7r.'.r v> v Author of v VAroi S»tefl'®:Twd LBdaaBs," IT O. .. :OHAPrBR;X3Vin.--(C0NTINUEU.) Madeline oneyeryoccaatoa kept as much in iho background as poasiblo, -distinguished most it herimobtrusiYehGlpfalaess. , Hut when tho viCki'gavojils Christinas Evo partytbia . year, ..wi,provaiioa:,upon to accompany tho ' SaltrtoWi'ptiocipally to . avoid ; faking herself conspicuous - by rousting'' their itriportunifcics. nQro»fdaririfeitflopcrfonnauco:6f a' Doothoveu toptetteitor' pianc and ; .violin by -Miss To wore and tbovicar (ho bad a'trrc&t; idea of'rolovating lhopopulartaste)»lfadolinpBat with such rapt attention . that ..laa'oyeq of everyone became \- flxod upon hor. MriRookfagham caught hor in fcor listening attitudo) and whoa tho sonata was tavQTj asked hor if shoplayod. . . ' '''IbavQ boen'acbuaJoraod to playing/' sho ' rq?llir simply. '"Some Tot fny relatives aro : " jrofcolonal musicians/ ' -8halhad>ecsrcelyntiarodr those ; words when fihd ftpp'earod toregrefcthom; Mr; Rockingham 4aw<truBfsnd eo led. hor. at onch to tho piaiio, aim placed her before avolumo of Boothoyfin'S . . toaaltf." She sought, out th9;Sonat&: Appas sionato", aiidreridprcd the surpassing mus|o with sleep feeling.' ,Evory 6no,' oven, tho least lo'du-' catod.projout, waa impressed, and all- ji&rbed; -tbatsno must not bo.nUowotl toetop (Sullns ampIy:auU as solf-iorgotfully sho ;comm6ncod < "Les -Adieux/'' Novor.'was . more i pathos1 thrown into tho- sonataj Mr, Rockingham thought: Sho." made' tho instrument i speak1 ' \ impassioned and -plaintive farewells, j hoart- failings aud misgiving, audticop mid hallowed affoctiou. But whontho thome of! tho ;Roturn broko from her' fingers, - tbo joyotuness, of it \ excited , the . vicar, and Amy Towers, and Hodame pBlbois/ who, had in splto of 'herself . drawn nctr," beyond description." ..Madolino \- 4urnod, andsooing their markod ' pleasure, repeated this final movement unasked.; Thoir .silent 'Wlbh thus granted them,' caused Mr. Rockingham to rofloct that ho had never seen each delicacy of feeling in any ono boforo. Ho began to bo dcoply interested in hor. When' eho had finished no said to her in a reverential tone— . . "You said you haa some rclativos who wore professional musicians, Misa Ormo. Why did you not tell me you were ono Yourself?" "Bccauso I am not ono/' said Madeline gravely, and looking without fear into tho eyes ' oftho clergyman. Keaiiy, Mr. oatiring, eaia.tno vicar, " now have you possessed yourself of all this talent, end why in tho namo of ; charity have you hidden the light under a bushel?" V Woll," repliod Mr.. Saltring, rather rod but very 'good-humodrbd, "Idon't know much -nbout triusic myself, but it tfirfstriko mo eho ' pUyod very well; but irny .daughter, who is a ' hit of a judge) toought'oth&wiso;/', Mr. 8althng. w&a; -redder after' having roedo : 4Mb remark, for -hewaa 'cbna'clbufl bf h'aving ciud moro than ho'ihad' lhtended, 1 Bat fooling compellod,to day, 'something else now, he added, . wtth.all; appbarAnce'of;candour,: <Iimay as creUtellr ou . that sho' sings/ or ; you . will say I .bare hidden thqt light upder o bushel, too." '.There? was a,- benordl Jmzz. when this was heard' £verjot was\of one opinion.. She . -mat eiagat onco« Her talking voico was sp 4W6et, what rausHtbditben' she sang 2. . 'X feel as if J| am; bring? Ihown/'iaid Made- .. Sftfl/withthe faint smile- which traversed her : dtoovarely. "But since yon wish;!, I will' Tnoro ww no need to ask for silence when ' ibosat clown once Amore before thQpidno. .-:As \- ' the vicar had spwh so strong a.prorercnco for : Beethoven, it'wafl/,AderaT<Id';thatph01cho8O to She sang it, tb tho Itdlioh' yrbrds. Ono woman, a butcher,s<wifo, remarked toj one of hsrfrieods, MIt'e'thebeautifullofltthlng Iover hcard aung. But' I'can't think the words aro : .goo,. Tlioy sound Honian' ;CathoHo Horcr had there been such a party at the vicarage. Mrs.. 8altring was roconciled to t Aamng come ; for wasn't this great attraction of the eveuiug her own property, so to. epeok— br iosay.thejedstjherxmportauon?)- 1 : . Xiato that, nighty Mrs. Saltiing entered Mode- . line's chamber to kiss her faTOurito agatnand ' ' made much . ofl'her. She fouhdhor., weeping bl ttexiyi'Und nothing she could do1 induced the.' ' girl to say why. ' It wai a greatiiouble to her, . nut sHe.was compelled by Kadellijo'it 'entreaties tb leavoibor. -And'. MadeUne kept d'Vfgil'that night.'-aod made a retrospect ; of her past, with its. hmowing, details, against; her .wilh This -was Hef joccupstion' etill when tbb alow winter mofmng broke ; it was Chris tmoeBay. - All eyes were turnod on Mlinb as she, with fheSaltrmgs, pined up' the church aisle ,en Christmas morning.-- Those who had been/at the vicofago tho mght before. gazed with' re sewed Interest on -the musidan who had bcon revealed to them. -Something unusual waa'on the seat Madelino ordibarily oecupiod. It was wn exquisitely- bound )copy of tbo Christmas anthems; aud-Madolmo'snamo was inridothb oover,in tbo .vicat's handwriting. Within tho ' tx>ok was a bopkmark with three ribbons hang-i v ihgfromit ; 'at thb end of oacb waa a piece of . silver; on whieb'wqre engraved, though dicaly, ; for the' thing waa Qoldj|the features of a com ®peer«- ' 'i.'.jj/-'— T ' 4,.WU," whpeipd Mr. Saltring, "he might . have given you. eompthing now, pt any rate, if \- - he wanted to makevbu a present." '/ 41 Oh, . no/'.Maaelinb replied., "Ho has "' offerod me something ho values, I am sure .. : ©jit" ' \- The boll etoppod. and the vicar entered -and ' topk his accustqnea placo, not without, a glance , through his spoctaclea at the;SaItrings' pew. Madeuuo w as holding hie present in her bonds. Perhaps no uno but Madelino know, that he saw ., this. But it vras evldont to all the congrega- tionthat tho vicar was on his mottle; ho had novor before preached such a sormon. And in the Christmas anthem the perfect voice of tho ' afrangor minstrel rbso and filled tho church. "You nevor sang in churjh before," Mrs. . Saltring observed, to her as they wero going ' - nut. "It woe the least lean do/» Madeline re plied. i , At the porch 'the vicar mot thorn. . Ho shook bands' with Madlinblast', Instoadof thanking him as an ordinary , g£rl would have done, tor .the gift she had rqceivod, Madotine fixed her deal eyes upon turn, aud softly asked, . " Will yon tell mo to whom that bookmark bo- longed?" 'X did not oxpoct that question.' respondod the vicar dramilyi " but I will tell you," And be foil behind thoothcre, and. tho two walked leisurely between tho gravestones, and tho dark desk the girl w as wearing brushed his clerical doeve. "I am. net surprised you asked me, nowl think of it," tho vicar remarked, glancing at tho graves and not seeing them. "1 have ono sister now, bntl once hod another. But eho was lost. She used to play and sing likoyou. This bookmark was hers. When Ihoard you sing Adeiaidu you won it from me. I will toll yon some more when I can, if yon will lot me." "It is very good of yonto trust me," said : Madeline, looking tneekiy down. "I will never part with the bookmark." And then, as if inspired to ask one more queetlon, sho in quired, "Sho did not die, your sister, did dm?" Tho voice in which he repliod, "No," was scarcely audible. They bad reached tho church gates and parted on their respective xoade \- When she reached homo, a new surprise awaited Madeline. A largo packet had oeeu loft for her duriog church-time. The writing outside it was identical with that upon the book of anthems in tho church. Sho sat down in a chair, and undid her p&ckot.; It was a volume of Beethoven's sonatas, but not a uew ono ; and on the cover was the name "Olive Rocking- ham." \- As the name mot hor eyes, thoy dilated. All the household wore crowding about hor; but oho could not refrain from 'baying, "How .strange! How very strangol" . "His 0 great compliment,", said Madeline, '"that he should havo given mo these. They belong to hl9 dead sister, or at any rate a lost Bister." "Well, what is thero oddta'iti then?" said Mrs. Saltring " Only.this," said Madeline, dreamily . turn ing tho leaves of the sonatas, "my mother's name, was Olive," Mrs. Saltring expected more onhoaring this ; bat Madeline bogan to draw off her gloves leisurely, then rose and weat upstaire. The pluia-padding had been brought in. all burning, according to old custom: and a dish of hot mince pies bad called forth a shout of gleo from tho youngsters. This 'shout covered a cry fro to Madeline, who was'e'eatod opposite to the window, and saw omeono pass. That someone rang at tho door,' and.wos admitted. A servant eamo in, and spoke to Mr. Saltrisg, and gavo him a card. Votronpo!" he said; "I don't know the ismeatall. RimplerwhocsnheboF" At tho sound of the namo, Madeline grew more composed; "a chance llkeneei, that was -all." sho t nought. , J ' Woll,":iMr; Saltring said to his wife, "I 11 gosildeo'bim, and bring him in. He) ' . may roe ollf :jom,4Os; He'll take a glass bf" 851 Wino at all events. Ho may possibly h&vo; como from a distance." Aud Sir. Saltring laid his tablo-napkiu upon tho tablo in a heap. Mrs, tialtring could not help noticing Made- ino's pcculiarlook; and it passed through her braitim a vaguo way.- how queer it Was that people's looks should bo so different on different days, and rescmhlo people thoy had nothing: to do with. One day Mftdeliuo ro- minded her of .Keziah's baby, but bow thero was a proud look in her faco -that recalled to homo otiose much as Mr. Rockingham. It was 'odd; and sho unconsciously wondered what had brought it thero at this particular moment. - 1 - ' Mr. Saltring's loud voice waB . soon heard as honpproachod tho door across tho hall... Tho dining-room door: swung open. Mr. j Riinpler was with him. Madolino did not turn her. faco, Sho had never kuowu a Mr, Rimplcr.. ) Bo boro a very strango likoiiess to eomeouo sho had known. She would not look at him. : ' Mr. Riraplcr, for his part, did not notico anyone but Mrs. Saltriug, to whom ho was in-' troduced, and with whom ho onterod into con versation. You know, tho pcoplo I am with. 1 holievo,'' ho said to lior. "I am Mr. Ilackbit a clerk, nml it ia bis business, that has brought tnehere to day, or rathor his troublo. Hois ill, tind Mrs. Hackbit bogged mo to. osk.Mr,. Saltring to como over.-;1 Clarot?- Yes,' thank 'y6u."v ; , ' .His gloss was filled. \- Mr.rIlimplerrglanccd round tfio tabid, in tho qot of raising his glass to bis tins; '.M1 Good hcavonB," ho exclaimed — " I mean,1, good-clarot.'.'r . , Everybody stared at him. What 'did bo mean by'saying "good -heavons," for; "good clarot," ( aiidw 'in; such) a) touo too? .But'. -it- 'was' ' .quito/ .cloar ho had sufficient causo to oxoldim, for Miss Ormo was in ' tho actof fallingfrom her chair: in a swoon. That must bavo boon what startlod hitp. But how odd, thon, that ho should havo said "gooil claret," after "good hoavohs." A great commotion' followod, . in: which Mr. Rimpler mado' good- his escape from another room, oxpainiaing:;in a not aHofftber natural volco, that strangers wero best out of tlio way. Ho was alone tn thio drawing-room forsomo minutes. Ho struck bis hands together two or throo times, and said, "Curso it! Sho's in fernally dike7 her. Sho; is her! and it's the most unpleasant business. She knew me; that's why sho fainted; Con—found it!" At length a smilo brokoover his faco. "I noedu't troublo myeolf," he thought. "Sho doesn't soem 'to kuow mo, Bc&ides;, I can swear I'vo never, 'seen hor beforo; -inistakon identity.. "Very awkward though J I ahould'ut caro for it. to como out that T was a medical student iu Germany, and all (ho rest of It.- Wonder, whoro her mother ia? By Jovo though, .she's grown handsomer; and moro a .1001, pronaniy. ono. muse navo ocen a xooito 'bcliovo me; I wonder what sho'd think, if she knew that tbo child wasn't dead, after all, but only taken away.' It'sa very strange coincid ence that Mrs. HockbltV adopted child should havo. so much of her look. r. Moro coincidence.1 It . would be too much'liko the' penny agonies, if . that wero to turn out to bo the very child. -Yet such' things havo . happoncd.;. It's so difficult to get at the truth/tbb woman having loft tho neighbourhood directly,' and token tho child with ner. ' And Mrs.. Hackbit eaye thisi child wae a collierie, who was killed in' an ox- plosion,1 and tho mother, died of tho Bhock ; so the thing seoss square enough," \- Mr. Saltring chtored; and put an end to theso. reflections.:: V : ' , r-f 'i Howie Miss r-r-r-the young lady?' asked Mr.-Rimpler in a mattcr- of-f a ct ,way ; and' with: hp exptesaion of any.soi-t on his face, ; . ; 'j'hnas,Onne is better now. She is not strong. She bas'bad :excitcmeht :thia morning; . that moribe the rcasod'df her: fainting. It is not: th'o first time the has'dono so since she has been with'us." 7-'' - j M Has she been with Jou long?" takod Mr. .Rimpler nnobncdincdly; . " ; " Not very," replied Mr. Saltring; " out wo havo grpwn: very fond- of hor, and wo hope she wbn'ti6a,yo us any moro," j... Mri lumpier devoutly hoped eho would, but coald'BeaVcely'mate the remark. " Howlongbas.Mr.. Hackbit been so 'ill?" '"."Well; 'lies,' been drinking a great doal- ldtely; and l 'think It's been "coming on nim thq 'last few) days. 1 -There wite'hb keeping him from it:' I did mybftst; -but wb'aaal. to dictate to him?! ;? : : ' ' I V Thcre's no train for such a long time." 'eal ;Mr. Saltring, )'j?|,that wo knnst drive, it'a too far for one horse ;;ibut;I know ia publio-boaso .where I can chango-onj.the, way, . I've done it before.". '"V" ; , i - M. ' ; Mr. Saltriog'e dog-trap appeared at tho door; and he' and, Mr, Rhnplor' got into it, and drovo away; Mr; 1 Riaipl e?,r em arking upon the froeti- vness of the airaniTthS slippenncss of the road, in tho most natunU tnanher. and not committing the human weakness of looldng back. CHAPTER XXXIX.— -MB. Hacxjut'S CDBIBT- ' mas Bat. It waebetwcon fivo and six o'clock when Mr. Saltring and Mr, Rimpler arrived at Hockbit's houso ; it-was dark; 4 Thoro wds no light in.any: of tb'p downs teir rooms facing.' tho ' stroot hut ono of tho twd:nppor rooins.bad a light, .wicb Bhono throngb'dark red burtdins, ' Ononteringthey were met by Wilson, who ignored Mr. Rimpler altogether, and looked at, addressed, and answered Mr, Saltring only. . Tho doctor had eeen'Mr.: Hackbit, and had ordered each large doses of laudanum, and so often, that Mrs. Hackbit dared notgivo them. She was upstairs with Mr. Hackbit, which .Wilson (ltd not think proper or safo, as Mr. Hackbit was mod, in her opinion, and wanted a strait- jacket. Mr. Saltring went upstairs, and Mr. Rimplcr remained whoro ho was, for tne time, and after words went to his own bsdroom and sat thore. As Mr. Saltring1 oponed tho door of tbo hod- room, Ho saw Xeziah, terriflod -and - weeping, and Mr. 'Hackbit in a vory menacing attitude. Ho soemod to recognise Mr. Saltring as ho entered, and addressed him at once. "I'm glad you've come," he said, with heavy ana ill-aimed movemonts, trying to wipe the perspiration from his brow ana iaco, which was deeply red. "You will see me righted. They're in a plot againt. me. She's in it, . pointing with atremhliog hand towards Kez tab". " The devil's in it too. And T saw him last night looking at tho window. They're all in tho plot" "Wo'llBBftit all put right," Mr. Saltring replied, soothingly. Then turning to Kerioh, he said, " Wilson says you'vo not given the medicine tho doctor oriored." " It's laudanum," whispered Koziah, with dilated eyesj" " and so much and so often, I'm afraid." ' ' " You must not bo afraid," said Mr. Salt- ring, " Bet me give it." Hackbit began to walk about the room un evenly and rapidly. Mr. Saltring ntoadily dropped .the laudanum into a glass. "Come, Hackbit,'.' he sold, " drink this." Hackbit made a stop forward and attempted to grasp tho gloss, but missed his aim, nnu his hand closed on air. Ho was standing closo to Mr. Saltring now. His eyes were injected ter ribly, and looked as if ho could not nave slopt for many nighte. Mr. Saltring raised ibo glass to his lips. Hackbit attempted to hold it, too, but trombled so violently that his teeth chat tered against the gloss. Ho swallowed the doso, howovor. " I shall bo ruined," said he, as soon &s; ho had swallowed it. " They're ail in the plot, Saltring. Thore's that Rimpler, he ferrets everything out. He got to know all about undo Rimroon and the business in Brum." Hero be broke off, and bogan to striko tbo air violontly. "Take that," he said, "and that." Tho perspiration woe pouring off him now. Mr. Saltiing pinionod aim, tearing what he would do next. " Look here." bo said, " Saltring. I'm not going to bo cut with thorn knives. I know what you're holding mo for." " You'ro not going to bo cut with any knives," repliod Mr. Saltring. " Well," roturncd Mr. Hackbit, confiden tially, " I've killed that fellow throo times to day, and there be is again," ond ho shook him self froo of Mr. Saltring, and plunged towards the minor, in which' was his own rolloction. and sent it smashing into tho window. Mr. Salt- ring seized him. but ho was not sufficient. Hackbit straggled ond roved. Koziah flow from the room, and called Mr. Rimpler. Wilson was on the staircase. " Fetch the doctor," Koziah sal o her ; tho master's worse." She did not go back into tho room. Onco froo, she dared not roturn. She just went downstairs and sat in tho dark diningroom, iu a kind of apathy. She was startled from her reverie by tho doctor's voice. He was asking whero she was She went to him.. . " Havo you given the laudanum, Mrs. Hackbit, '20 drops every two hours, since I was here ?" he asked bor. " Oh, doctor, I didn't dare," said poor Kcziah. . The doctor was an aornpt, and uota ladies man ; so he become angry. "Bo you want, him todio," ho asked, with an aspect of ferocity, " tirnt you don't obey my ordere?'.' Ho would ibavobeen asleep now, if yon had done what I told you." #And with this the doctor:walked.upsUire,<Keziahf >Uow- Jog, vvp t / ,.TL-i r i i - , Hackbit bad in te' rootimo been fas .toned txj'his bed. aud mid booome more . violent, I though Ms efforts were ineffectual. " Just one drink of brindy, Rimpler, cdrae."' Ilackbit was -bawling ,in htB.ear. "jlt wduld mako a man of me agsini Look hare," ho called out to the doctor, " these madman make me stay ont in thisgrayeyord without a drink of braudy to steady my norvcs. Thoy 'can't see thofio, ghosts,', but I can, Ob, how th'oir honca rattloT Just oiio littlo drink of brandy, and I'li'stnud it.'". .And ho babbled' oii feverishly;. "Look lioro, my good peoplo, itV not my: fault," ho called out," I am only tho tepresen-. 'tative. . You didn't borrow1 the- money qf me. - .uook in my pockots. I'm &s-; poor j as- you.' Don't hothct mo about where you'ro'going to sleep to-uight. > Soe, Iamiu a cohl gipveyariL I!vo nothing better.' - . . : , ( .. Mr.'. tiqltring ;lookod at tho doctor, vrlio was. dropping some moro laudanum into;thoi glass. "Ho'sin abad way,"hesaid. ' "He must got sleep," said tho' doctor, " at all cost. That fool of a woman didn't give' tho doses)" ' ' 1: ' I Mr; Saltring fo inclined to resorit this lan guage; 'But looking ;in the doctor's faco, ho concluded that his- bark' was worse than his' ,hito; - I ' <' ' ' ' I '/Hackbit. willingly drank out of tbo gloss, but did , not appear satisfied, . His hands were loosed, -and ho (moved them- incessantly in'a nervous way against one another, ornpon tho thequQt. i.. .r,'. "7./ ' " Ard you etayiog here tomight ?'.' the doctor asked.of Mr. Saltriug. J i ' " Yes,' ho replied.. .i ! . ' " Thon. givo him the 20 .'drops again, ovory two hours until he slcops. 'Mrs.' Hackbit ought to go to hod; -. Sho looks misorably-'ill.) ' Givo .hoc two gl&ssosbf; port wino.!! » ' -» ' r .".ThonkyoU,. doctor." ctfldHackbiti "That® 'something Jiko. dishau.bo another man now."- OVdrhearing tho words, ho.supposcdtho wino wns.ordotea for himself.: .. . 'Kcziah had'slimied from 'thbroom, 'but sho was standing outside. ,' " i v' " I have ordorod you. to drink two glasaos of port, "said the brusque doctor. v ' " j ? : "No, no," said Keziah. 'waving him away, with hor hand. Not tnatj not toat'tcrriblo stuff, aftor— afte'r- what wo'vo seen, Order rao laudanum; liko bim upstairs ; a good dose, and end it. all." And . she bnnt into a passion of t£o doctor patted her head, qb. ho might have done a child's with His rough, hoavyj hand, wlu'ch- could ho gentle,' it. appeared. I " You want rest." And he .took hot, with', him down stairs and administered the port wmo thbra and then, and went away,' muttering- tkat women' were most extraordinary creatures.', Only think of that beast upfltalra being : cried < about, and wanted to live. It Boom's tno worse a man is the more they stick to him." As soon as ho was gone; Kcziah saw ithat.d good table was 'spread'for'Mr. Saltring's uso and comfort. . . . ! Some hours later, when all was hushed in the Bick rooni and Kcziah was lying on tho couch in ,tho dining-room alone, she. saw/a- figuro standing outside, looking 'up to'her' window. Sho sprang up liko. a child woo sees' its mother: after a -long absence. Sho could not lot him go away again without having ono word!o. com fort from bim. She did not hesitate a moment! She might havo .wavered if she had. She. flew to Elworthy's side. - f ! " Oh, Rapert,". sho 'said In s "convulsive . whisper. " He's maddened with tho drink.'? ' . ( El worthy held -her, near him, and ( muttered something.ohe did not catch).;. ,- "You iiave got somo'doetor, Eiz2y ?>r ho -said. "Bid ho tell you to give laudanum ?Ho must have'it to get to sleep, or ho wfll .dioJ' ' . "OhVyes, Rupert," ' said Keziah,' in', a lo"w voicoVwfth somo fear in-ik.: ' \ r-.'' ! «,v'r; : qMy poor darling)'-' said 'Hworthy, IThat else could he say ? " Yon mutt not remain hero another moment ;'you ero.tremhlfdg"! ''And: he -added with somo . vehempnee,-:, If 'yoa .were ill, who should, keep, me. away ftWho is with himnow? . You'vo got.anurse/Kizzy?" And hie thought with Horror of the possibilifyof his darling having tA listen to the ravin ga of! that'-briito who coiled her. wife. " i "Mr,. Saltring came, and/a withfr,'m to- nivht.'? she answered,1 - ' v.' - | ' ''God bless and reward h!m;lor it,", said Elworthy solemnly. "And now, good night."; fAnd he saidlingeringlj/ .t'I-'ShaU come' again' to-morrow, and until this trouble is over. -Yon1 may spook to mo. or not, as yon nhed." ; He longed to ki68,horf ,bnt did not do -so. .And' Keziah found herself lamenting tho fact) when she was onto more. inu. the. darkened, dining- .room.'; . " 77' 7 ' i- But all' this time Mr, Silos Rimpler had been kctping a vigil,1 like tho owl in a belfry, widest awake whon others are 'sleeping ; ' and had been in no small degree' amased and gratifiod by the' scene that was enacted under his window. :- CHAPTER XL.— Cheiethas Boxne The following morning, to the utter astonish- moht of « overybody -hut 'Mr) Saltring, Mr. Hackbit presented a perfectly n&taral; appear ance— in fact, "soemod quito well. < (-Ho was not ln"good temper, however, -Mr. Saltring could' not help noticing that. Keztahi.was.-not being woll. treated, and bo felt- tbat -ho: could not leave the house without speaking of -it. He had.alwovs been extremelv f ond of Keziah. and ho mid Hackbit had had former conversations upon tho question of drink, which made it easy for him to speak. " . , . ' ; . :)j 7. Tho" conversation took place while Hackbit was sitting up in bod, oating his broakfast, at cloven o'clock, for he had slept till-then. ! ' " This is a bad job, Hackbit, :Mr. Saltring' began. " You wore going to reform when you married. This is. the way you have' done it. Bon't you think it too bad?:' . . -i ; ".That's all you know about it, "v;rotorted Hackbit, with ;a canning expression " You boo, I thought Twos marrying an honest woman, but I have changed -my opinion, arid.- see no necessity for being too particular. " "What do you moan, Hackbit?" said Mr. Saltring very indignantly. . ."Aro yon aware what you ore saying ? Bo you know that you are attacking ono of 'the host and purost of women byyour vtib insinuation ?" "Ha!" replied Hackbit. "That'kind of language is all very well when you want to write poetry end when you'ro in love. I now give it as my opinion that thore;ls no. such thing as 'an honest' woman." Mr. Saltring stored. He could not for a mo ment roply. At length he said. You ore esti mating others by, yourself, Hackbit." ' And thon, regretfully, " l need to think thero was somo good In you, hut I don't think it how. A man who can slander that angel'1 wants kicking." , " Look here," said Hackbit, stopping in the conveyanco of a spoonful of egg to his mouth; "just you stay hero to- night, and- watch by this window, and if you don't eeo i that Edmonton— that Elworthy, I mean, — him— ' my narao isn't Hackbit." ' "Ono .of yoar wild illusions,' said- Mr. Saltring, defiantly/ "And if you think I shall play tho spy on your, wife, you have m&do; a great mistake. I can trust hor." "Well," said Hackbit, "that, time' will show. But if you don't believe my words, oak Rimpler." " Do you mean to tell me that you'vo been setting that c»r on to spy upon your wife ?" " No, I don't. It was ho who told mo first. Ho had secu them together, and seen him lurking about at night, when sho hasn't darod to go out to htm, I eupposo." . "I don't behovo a word of it," said Mr. Saltring, mopping his bald head, " and the sooner you get that slanderous villain outofthe houso, tho better. Ho must have a good opinion of you, to toll you such a thing. I'll answer for it, nobody wonld spook to me of my wite so. You are as bad as ho is, Harkbit. Wo can't 60 easily getrid of yon, hat you can get rid of him." " No, 1 can't," replied Hackbit, shortly. " Because you want to keep him as a spy, I suppose." " No, not for that either. I cm do my spying myself. But ho knows too much of my business to besent away." " It must bo croditablo business to make you afraid to scud him away. " " It's none of your business at any rate ; but I tell you ono thing, Mr. Saltring, I sball not have you hero lecturing me. Every English man's houso is his caetlo. So toko yourself off. I won't havo you in my house another moment, on any protenco whatever. You ace I can eend vou away, if I don't send Rimpler." And Hackbit tore violently at a bell rope near him. It came away in his hand, aad dropped upon the bod. Hackbit felt angry enough to havo dono anything. Mr. Saltriug smiled faintly, and said, "If yon were going to ring to have me shown out, you might sporo yourself tbo troublo; I know tho way." And ho moved towards the door. " This from a man," ho thought, " whose life I have probably saved." How much ho wiehod ho had kopt his tompor. This man was master of the houso, and ox Kcziah ; and now that he was forbidden the house, he could help Keziah in no way, whatever might happen. Ho wont slowly from the room, followed by' a mocking laugh from tho b«d. When ho heard this ana thought of tho spirit that prompted it, his heart failed him for tho girl woo must remain under the same roof ; and ho thought bitterly, how for from human help a wife-was, if her husband should ill treat her. He had been downstairs to breakfast, and Kerish had become almost chocrfnl with him at tho tablo to wait upon. Sho bad been so com forted in having him in tho house. How should be tell her he was iysvcr to come again? | . He went to the qqrsory to look for her. She thought some thing waa wrong, for. ho did jnot notice either of the children. . ; MKizzy/'ihri ' doniodowulUir». "t want fo sucak' to you. ; jHaiven . knowA when X Shall get Cho chance to do that igniri. V L M Shecaughtner breath quickly, anu .waited forWta'tnqjfpteih- ' , " Yes, K(zzy» I a® wit to come here any inoro," - ho said - " I .have' offended your husband.'/ - ;- „ ' ; , ' ' : /She listened, a'ud waited. Sue could not have spoken if wotlds had. depended -on it.1 The .ground seotnod to-be takon away piece by piece from under horteet.' . / . j ' " Mr. Saltringi" aho said at'Tsngiu . with tearless oyes, uo, mo ono great- kiuduess. It is great, 1 knoW!(and my heart will ache/. But I feel now is tbo momont; (I muit..moke' tho sacrifice. Who knows what trage.dy is coming .to this house P': Hear Mr. Saltring/'.. eho 'said; 'clutching his h&ridiriboth; hers, ,;wnlld'he looked iawayifrom her,' "tako Bertram home with you. You offered to dodt nnc a,- and Iwould not. I thought I- was going to:do to -well 'for , hiio. I havo not. tho power now. I ifchlhe ii tiot safe under this roof. 7 My husband hptes? him. If every thing binat goV why. not sooner as well as later ?. He will cry foi me.'a Jittle, .but! he .will forgot soon;. \ You will oil' bo so pricwj In him..'.' /. \- Mr.. Saltring had -lot .her), go ,on ; without replying)- ' Then he turned his fato fall oh her, and,- holding lier:hy .both zhoulders, "eai- Gethlm ready, lae smtie that broke oyer the! pale face would have been a toward for any r ; ' I ) ; ; She was turning away, r. whon ; ho callod her back to remark, " Shall ! take both children P" " No, " sho satd, wistfully, " Leiiny is safe enough ;> ho is his father's child. " . -It was not long beforo Uio child was brought; and ho soemod' very much elatod at tho thought ofgoinga "yidd in -Agco-gee," But to' tho aatoniBhmont,.drid oveti ulsgust bfrWilson, who was crying, and. also of/Mr. -oaUring and Keziah, tho child itisUtod 'on 'saving "good-byo to Rimpy/l ns ho called him. 1 ' ' -Some pooplo think that children and. dogs: can always nnd out a had man; :Wo know from experience this is far- from being thetcase. A man who is fond of children, ,and - kind in his manner.to them,- will always win their regard, bdheover so bad in other respects, ; . It vwas a fact that Mr. Rimpler, hearing the' child frdin.tbo office, which was. next to the dining-room, came in, iooking'a good -deal cut up 'at the thought of parting with himj and Soemod really moved when the child flung his arins about his nook, >' : . . ".Oh, you old hypocrite, 'said Wilson, under hor breath. ;Sho was liko many others; to. her Mr. Rimpler wasaprodlgyof evil; consequently/ she coula notbolieveinliiB possessing a eiriglo trait of goodnesfc;.7 !. ButVtho- hypocrite wont iuto theofllco and positively shod a fow tears when thero was no ohe.to see him.,. There had been a time in hiB life whon soft arms had been thrown round' his neck and he had felt himself the happiest man alive1 - But now/long years had naseod since ho had folt them. How theselittlo.arms reminded him'of - that 'time ! ) - At this moment, could ho have ebosen some 'definite- p&tb; 'of. right, he would ihavo gono- headlong into it. But' he thought of no direct course. Anda vaguo.wish to;do botter rarely ends in much good. .- i - Keziah did not cry when she parted 'With: fcdr darling. Sho was ailedfby the thought that she was sending him to. happiness and;safety. < She had made a grtot sacrifice, butshe felt herself to bo the gainer.. V ...r : . ' A box of clothes .was to, be sent on, and nothing went' witb;tbqchfld"but,dn6 little box to'ntiig iihniediateriecei»arie8,J>4.7 i ' J -Mr/Hockbit bavinfejgot oot of hedjniftW'tbe trapdrivooff /OBdifadeteteod the-c&srit; onto ; ind though inwardly slad,be deefded-fobeouri wazdly vexed, i iHisibeU-rcqie'waaiofffhd could not'risg;<Boheslipped.on somoof hirdotbeaps. .quioklyos he couldf ond.wont -dosithlfsrinja waythat would have startled any bodyfhat tow Mm,'..:/ /f nr- t-t birr. I . He found Kezmh and. Wilson.drying their oyes.iri;.the 'diningrfbom./ This) suggested a' revenge toiat must be Effective.', : ' "So Koztah,:yon have thought' flt' to send Bertram away without consulting me/ How thore is only one child, there is 'noneod for Wilsoh:" tnis with on evil light -iri -'hia oyes/ " You can ocoupy yourself with attending, to Leonard. ' Then perhaps you will get to cato . a tittle bit for your own child. Youfvoamdntn't notico from today, .Wfleoo.' . . /WUson'sredeyos.flashod .she flan ,ut oftheroon . '/I'";". " Why do you do it 1" said Keziah,: » ; Why do you send overybody eway who is kind to me?" " ') ' i " To please myself." told ber husband coldly. "You have more to loam yet, Keziah;' Bo you think it sale toitrifie with me ?V J " I do not trifle with yen," ZQ touted: Keziah steadily.- r— _",YfliTlie.", replied her- husband... 't Perhaps y ou-woold like me to send- ffon away -from '. the noose, and givo-you an 'excuse to do what you wont to 'do. Well, you shall not havo your wisn. You shall, stay here, and wait on nte, and- obey orders. : Don't think it's because I'm so fo'na of yon.- Biit I've a .right over yon) and here-you stay," . "You treat me like a slave," said Keziab. Yon shall know more of what that means," said her, lord/ nndlofthdr/-::..--'; ' -mr. ziunpier nou neara.mis cooversaiiou, as anybody- might have dono who had boen in tho offito at tho nmo. And when Hackbit, having loft his wifc, joined him, ho was moved to say, having just had better feelings, - " You've been . too hard on Mrs, Hackbit; In spite of all we've seen I don't bislieve any. barm has been' done; and ldon't bctievo Mrs. Hadcbit would ever do any harm,' Shehosdone no worse ;thaa speak to him. ' That's, my opinion, and I know tho world/! : "Ob, you ore clever, 'we know that/'retorted Hackbit, " You sot the match to the fire and now it has grown as big as a house, you- expect a bucket of water to put it . out, Tho - game dobsn'tpay. Do you want her yoursolf, that you begin to defend her ? Go and ask her to go away with yon; eho would if you ask her," "No, sho wouldn't," said Rimpler coolly; "and Z would never ask her." ."Oh. you ore -.both 'angels from hoayen, I know/' sneered Hackbit/ ''But about the business, - Rimpler. You'll /have to be more cautious. ,lf you ruin people wholesale, we shall get into tho papers. You-eold up an awful number of families last month ; and -in ono' neighbourhood; too. They'll .get talking together, and then it'll got into the papers, ana they'll find out who it is that's tho real money lender, and then it will be ruination." "It would'nt bo you ruined ; it would be Mr. Rimmoh," said Rimpler. ".And isn't that ae?1'- retorted Hackbit, snappishly.. <" Bon't I mean to have his money some tune? Ho may mako it a good deal moro if he keope dark a few veors longor." "Ifyodgoton drinkiug as you have been lately, you'll die first. You'vo drunk yourself into delirinm trntune about as soon as any man I have over sben." - Everybody in the houso was surprised. to see Mr, Hackbit go off to Birmiagaam that day. except the doctor, who said that opium bad often done as much in cases of delirium tremens, ; . Mr. Hackbit had scarcely left tho houso, when Kcziah pnt on her things and went up to her mothor's. Sho was not away long; but Mr.. Rimpler noted tho tirao when she left, and tho . time of her return, in a mechanical sort of way. When he heard her come into the next room, after sho had returned/ho opened tho door of communication, and addressed her in a way ho meant to bo kind, but he received a chillin re buff. "Cb;very well, my fine lady,1' said Mr. Rlmplor. "The day may not be far distant when you will regret not having taken Silas Rimpler fora friend." " You haven't it in you to he a friend to anybody/' retorted Keziab, and quitted the room ' It was on account of this rebuff that Mr. Rimpler, on Hackbit's return, reported Koziah'a 'having been out, and added a little to it on his own account. Consequently wbon Hackbit wont up to bed and found nis wifo with hor head already on the pillow, ho ordered her to get up, and told her to so and sIood in tho spare room by herself. She obeyed in a bewiidorbd dream, and crept from the room, carrying some of ner clothes with her, and fooling that when Wilson was gonosbo would indoed be at tho morey of two villains. There was no bed prepared, in tho spare room. The bod that belonged to it was kept under another when out of use. But what did it matter? She laid, herself wearily upon tho mattress, and covered herself with the clothes she bad hm cht and la awak all night The following mormogKoztan aressed nerseif and went down early. Hackbit appeared at the usual hour. Kcziah glanced at him as he entered tho breakfast-room. He knew it, though ho did not look at her. Ho hod his dressing-gown on, end ho seated himself at his end of the breakfast-table, and took up tho nowspapcr which lay folded on his plate. : Tho servant brought in tho coffee. . Keziah commenced to pour it oat, : She'posscd her husband his cup. He put down his paper and helped himself to a chop/- but did not offer any such attention to Keziab/ Shio did not want anything, but a certain pride in - her would not give in, and callow him to think shehod no appetite. Besides, Mr) Riorplor would bo to directly, and sho did not mean him to see her with on empty plate before her. So she walked tolie husband's end of -the table', ' and helped' herself under .Ms vorynose. ».:.. < She came into such eloee quarters that Hack- bit foltVbliced to speak' to hwr/tbough. not by any promgung'dl courtesy,. i 'bono youbbave ' spent ft' good night," ho said, eaittioaltyi " and that yon feel refreshed and all. that sqrt of thing." 1 . "X:th8ak you, ""said Keziab, with mock politeness,- " Tlio question is ' rather un necessary, seeing that it. was passed away from you. 7, Yos, I slept very well, .thank you— inuob .hotter than usual." . ,;Mr. "Rimplcr here made his .appearance, .rabbins his hands together, winch were rod with cold, Ho looked at Hackbit first, then at Koriah : and after nenrt good morning— thoy note shook hands— he remarked, aBif taken unawares, " I tlifnk Mrs. Hackbit looks in need of'a doctor," ! , I Not at all," remarked her husband, ". sho has just been saying how woll sho is/' . Keziab would perhaps havo replied herself, bat sho was seized with a fit of coughing. " Pretty, well dono," obsorved her husband, II seeing you are hot on tho stage." j < ' ' Keziah began to eat hor breakfast in a kind of desperation, bat tho effort to swallow seemed .great. Rimpior furtively .watched her. nack- bit tried riot to do so, but failed. -."Oh," hosaid, getting up from tho: table at ; luti: " I can't sit at the table to seo you swal- \- lowing .your broaKfast liko a dog does dump- 'lings. ' ' " Thon eo away if you don't want to seo rao," said Kazian. % All this conld not go on Without somo com- rnonts being mado intlie kitchen. - Both tho cook and the gardener had agreed that Wilson had been ill-troatod by Hackbit in having received notice, and had commiserated hor. Thus it happened tlrnt tho elderly fomalo began -to havo a hotter opinion of tno. othor domestics. This morning on entering tho kitchen sho' closed tho door, and 'said to tho cook: "Do you know where the missis slept last night?" " No," answered tho cook. "Sho slept in.tho spare room,: with no bed and no covering/ ' ." What -a , fthamo !'.' cried tho cook and Roberts, the' gardener, simultaneously. " I dread going," said Wilson. Who will thero bo to look after tho missis when I'm gono? 'Antl eho's not fit to : look after Leonard." ! " Ho is a brute." said' Roberts, "as over lived ; and it's aracn to mo if Rimpler .doesn't get a match for him boforo ho's dono, and serve him right too." T ' WeR/.' said tho'cook, "if you do go, 1 'shall look after ,tho baby. rT Bnan't lotTior. It'fl-a'sin and a'sbama; ;and ho's -as rieb' ao-'a. Jow, I do beliovo," . ' " I shallwrite- to Mrs. Towers and toll hor all about it to day," said Wilson, following her own "thoughts rather than answering. " And L shall lot -Mr. Bayid Rimmon know, too. It's no nso telling her fathor.. Ho won't hear, any thing against Mr. Hackbit," " And whon you'vo told them," said Roberts, " what can thoy dor" . . , "Thoy might got a separation." , "Them'.articles areri't so casv got as you soem to think," said Roberts. "You've nover tried to get one. mayhap."7 . " Of 'course not," said WilBon; bow 'should I ? But what's that got to' do with it ?" , "Well, ft good deal," replied tho 8&rdener.; CHAPTER XLI,— Comfoiit pnom .OTiunifl'. / Woes,,... , , i . XVhfio Wilson waariting' to Mrs, Towers audto.DavidRimmon, another. Ictterwas being written , to Bavid that .miebt bring him to J ubl oy . "Th 6' writer jvasJoahua RImmdn. " ' This Iswhat Joshua wrbtd>r 1 ;; y My 1 Beau ' BROTHnh;— This is )tbo ! reason -when thefe offght- to) bbgbodvriU towards' men In-all onrLhorlc;: Ever since my loarrisgeT have gathorOd inr "kinsfolk iabout mo. op Now- Year's Ee.iu:Why.br«»ak.thie sacred chain? r Mr Rimtnon Hkeu: this phrase; and felt him- sell waxing eloquent. -,1-would not rob you of my boy whom; you havp fadopted,and who, I .trust, may provo .a, blessing end a' comfori to -you. In ytnir declining yeare». Yet would I not '.have him' a stranger to' his father's hoase, an alioh arid ;ah- butcaahi.Tbsroforo I pray you :bringhim tend' join, my simple board for the New Year's Eve, tend belieVe mo, j \- -.1 YCur forgivirigbrothor, | . i1 JOshua Rikmon." When David received this'ho became greatly' excited. . -Hoyeadiit before Wilson's, which lay on the tdblo. Jnbal was roadinga sporting paper ho took and expressed but little interest in a .letter from his father 'David handed it to him when ho had. read it throe .times/, ' - -. j ' tDdar 'nie/' -broke' forth Jiibal, Having, perused it with elevated eyebrows '"a master/ piece of.riioteribandhypoaiayr V.«" I -should hardly? »y : that," .said 'David mildly. ri.' Tho.commind that ; wa shall not judge, that we be rioti judged, means that wo are n.ot to pqt" poople down as meaning wrong when. wo don't understand their actioDe." "I find' no "difficulty at all in understand-, ing," returned Jnbal, tenderly .touching his wavy hair and looking at it in a 'mirror oppo site. "He thinks people in Jumloy will talk if he doesn't have anybody for New- Year's Eve. and there's nobody -to come bat1 Dorcas and Ke2iah and us/and my most respocted brother- in-law, who. will probably 'refuse to dance attendance on that occasion." ' .. "Of -course I cannct control you," said David mildly ; but for myself, I cannot pray, Foririvo-me my sins, as I forgive those who sin against me,' and refuse at tne same tune to forgive my brother. "He hoanovor asked yon to forgivo him," said-Jubal, a cynical saulo' brooking over hia " \YelI, no," replied David, colouring a little. . " Now 1 think of it. be hasn't. : Still, Us ways aren't like ours: ne never was tike othor people ; and I think he means it all right. But I think that it's no tart of my work to sift and sift, and find out if no means all he says. That's tho work of a higher than me. But It is forme to forgivo seventy times seven, and to live peaceably with all men, so for &b; it in mo lies; and I shall go to Jumloy. « You're not a bit of a man, uncle," said Jnbal superiorly, " or you wouldn't be taken in as you are. . " I'm- afraid I am cowardly; it has always boen my fault," eaid David simply. " But I don't think I mean to bo cowardly in this." And bo took np the other lettor and looked at theaddrets. . "Idon't know this writing," he obeerved. " I wonder wbo it is." "Why don't yon open it and 6ee?" said. Jubal rather rudely. His ancle eilently opened the letter. " Oh, Jubal/'- he said, with a kind of ery. " Poor Keziah J" " What's the matter with her?" Jubal asked rather indifferently. "This is from her nursemaid; Wilson; she says that Thomas is frightfully illireating hor. I dm astonished." " I'm not. She shouldn't have married him. She made her bed ; let her lie on it." " I wonder howyou con talk so/' said David, in & tone as nearly approaching anger qb he had overused to Jubal. '000 would think you had qo affection at all for hor, your own sister," " Sho shouldn't have played the fool. I was all right with her before." " Jubal," said hia uncle, depreciatingly, "is this tho time to reproach her with a falso step?" " I'm not going to reproach her. I shall not go near her. But I'm not euro I won't go home, if it's only to see tho mother. Sho was always decent enough." "1 think it is your duty to go home, now , your fato calls you. And I think it is your duty equally to bo kind to your sister, who has certainly always been food to you, and who is sorely in nord of n ind friend just now. You could bo moro to her than anybody else, if you liked. You ought to go, Jubal." " Ought stands for nothing. If I go homo, Idon't toink 1 shall open my tips to my lather. I shall certainly not go near Keziah." M.Weil, well," said David Itimmon. " I do wish I had somebody to advise me." And it passod through his mind how good on advisor Maud Towers would havo been, had ho been free to go to her. But bo was not. At tho same hour Maud was oqually per plexed with David, and the same subject was before her notico. Sho did not tako long to con sider her action. She wrote to Keziah "MY Dexn, Brah Keziah,— I have hoard to-day, with a pun that shows roe how dear yon aro tome, of tho sea of troublo which sur rounds you and threatens to overwhelm you. Ono saa consolation I . havo to offer, and you will, I fear, say this is none. For In suffering for each other, wo do not increaso each other's load. You are not alone. If yoa are over whelmed, eo am I. How came wo both to make such mistakes? Oar lots, though different, aro strangely alike, except in one thing. You lookod for calm ufo with your couein ; I looked for bliss. You have missed tho calm and found tumult. I have mtisod supreme happiness, and found supremo misery. Perhaps this does not sound liko sympathy ; yet as I write my heart bleeds for yon. I find myself always sighing for tho days when you aou I bid quarrelled at .my fireside, and wero so happy,. and did not know it. Nonoknow what happiness- is but those who have lost it for. ever. We are both of us so young. Kizzy, it doos seom. hard that we shonld- look 'with: longing.- eyca/ty tho time when death shall'relcaM us.frbmouV many' Borrows. I can only think of that ; arid yot, it is not happiness in another tifo that I look for, only rcstfrom tliis tormout ; tor how cm r ex pect tho lovo that has died upon earth, anil lort my Uviog lovo clinging to its corpse/to rekindle ia another world? It will not hn.ppon. Eternal lovo that men talk about does not exist. What causohavol over given that ho should turn from mo? Jlotiovor spends a moment in my commby ho con help. Wo havo no hu«inefi« connection now, even. Fori have ordered all tho rents to bo paid into his bands long ugo. and I tako just what ho doles out to ni". t often wiilkin tbo cometeryyou and 1 lonktu at together ono day. You remember wo said wo would not go there again ; it imido us sail. Now,itcomfort8rao just a littlo, for IIooj: at thowbito stones and tho fresh grassy :mo»nd.s and I think, ' This is a homo where I may r<?»t 6omo day — sooner, porhapu, than I daro hopo. » I folt a bit hurt at first when I heard thai Bert ram bad gono to Mr. Saltrhig's. I would havo been so glad of him ; but you know beri. it will surpriso you to hear that I never pa;ul anything now, and I novcr touch tbo piano. , Yon may ask, 1 How do I employ my timo, then?' I don't think 1 know. I can't think- of auything just now that I am in tho habit of doing. I hopo you havo not thought it unkind of mo not to- havo written to you boforo ; but Ibad no good uows to send, o"d I did not wish to madden :you. 1 could not write to you and protend aU wus right, when it was so far, far from being tho case. But now nothing I can send you could mibo yon moro misorablo than my srioucc. I loci very thankful -to Wilson for having written; plcaso tell her so from mo, . " Liond is in a dreadful way about mo. Ito can't help seeing how things are, though I havo told him udtbing. You know, . I suppose, that Gerald is .with fir. .Elworthy., They get on to gether very well ; hut Gerald never comce hero. Ho must havo scon and understood in his ono visit. ... " Tow went in for his examination again, arid cot plucked. When ho caino and tolu rao, ho said I need not fear ; ho would fulfil tho condition that I had raado for him on marrying him. To .think of my being interpreted in that -way, Kizzy! You know it was for him, and him alono, 1 wanted him to get his qualifica tion. What could it. matter to mo? ' What can anything matter to mo now, since he docs not lovo mo, and novor, never willngain ? If I had said anything tiko that to you in tho old days when wo wore tocotbor, you would have shaken that small bead of yours, aod made rao some saucy answer/ , I , wonder if yori ever ;makosaucy answers , now to. any ono? 1 cannot boar to imagine you us always gravo ; it seems so unnatural. Butperhaps it is as difficult for yoii/to imngiuo -ino whndcring about ill an- 'aimless way, existing" frbtnr day to day, not living, not caring a bit what I put on, nor how I look. But 1 do know that nothing I put on, nothing I could put on, could inuko roo look pretty, as you used to thiuk me I havo grown 7ory tun, arid my oyes always look heavy aud dull ; it must bo stooping so little aud crying so mucbj.Isupposo. But enough of this. Yon usod to say I was unreasonable. If I conld only havo you again all to myself, I don't think I should .be so unreasonable, i rouble mattes such' changes in ono. Tom is changed ; his hair is tnrniog quito grey. And now, djai rest Kizzy, let us bo all in all to oach' other, 'though it he only in thought and at a distance. "Your faitbfol friend, Maot." Whcu Koziah received this lettor she hod a brief moment of rest from her own sorrows in thinking of her friend's. "Ab/'sho thought, " howovor bitter my lot is, Maud's is worse; I am; only separated 1 rem the man I. love, and am iU-tre&ted; by the man who is my.husbaiid but Mend has lost the lore of the man she still loves and who onco loved her. Yea, that is worse," She could picture it. -She had only to think what it would be tiko to have married Rupert tend then to have lost his lovo. CHAPTER XLt I.— Mb. Rmiion Loses Moms THAN Hifl TsHi'eb. .? ; Keziab did riot answcr.Maud's letter at onco. for she had othor matters; in . hind. Sho boa promised to go in arid help hor' mother in pre paring for tho Now. YearteEvo festivitiea which wero to como off as nsnal.- Mr. Hackbit had been porsundod by his father-in-law to join tbo party, just to keep up appearances. Whether ho would actually ao so or nat was still n question. Ho was not drinking so much; bo bad had a fright. How long this wonld last was doubtful. He made' no objection . to Keziah' b going in to assist hor mother, felling .her politely that her. room was hotter than - her —Kma's spirit rose against this insult, and she determined to fight bard to look . as if all were right, and not givo him tho pleasure of cowing ner. .She entered her father's house by 'the" back way, &nd-;went into tho kitchen. There was- Mr3.-Rimmon in te largo apron, tying tho puddings up, ready to put into a . pot that was boiling on tho fire. "This gratoV worse than ever this year," Mrs. Rimmon bogan, "and now tho boiler's cracked, and wo can get no hot water. Just as if there wasn't worry enough, without that. And I'm euro I don't think any of tbo fuss as is made Is worth while. Who wants to como here?- % . . ".iVever mina, motnei racumeu j. f-z.au. " It is not worth making a bother about ; you should get hardened. Give peoplo their desorte. T t llin r»nfo dnn't TOII tmilMfi .your head about it. It's no good people worry- mg themselves into the grave because they can't ploaso people who are unpleusable." Sho had been taking off her things while she spoke, and turning np her sleeves, in readiness to bo of nse. 41 What shall I do firrt, mother ?" she asked. \ ' " Well, Kizzy/' said her motherf " If you'd make a bit of pasto for a mince pie for your father's dinner— he'll expect one," "And is nobody el&o; to have ono?" broke in Keziab, sharply. "Not to-day," said Mrs. Rimmon. " Yon seo. wo shall all got somo on New Year's Evo." "All right," rejoined Keziah. "If no one else is to have any, he 6han't have any either." " If you won't make it for him, l must," raid Mrs. Rimmon, resignedly, "Bon't be so stupid, mother. Tell Grumps yoa asked mo to do it and I wouldn't." " On. Kizzv." said Mrs. Rimmon. beginning to cry " There is always a plenty of wasps flying about, without stirring up & wasp's nest." " Indeed," retorted Kcziah, amused. " And if tho wasps' nosts are loft alone, the more was pa will be flying about." "Well, those as stir them up ore sure to get stung," said Mrs. Rimmon, " Well, what does it matter," said Keziah, "if they don't ask other people to hoar tho smart for them?" "I have heard of people being stung to death/' returned Mrs. Rimmon, who bad got deep in tho metaphor, and rather astonished herself. " I ara one of the people that would rather bo stung to death at once than be pestered by occasional stings for years, and years." Thero wan more in this than Mrs. Rimmon could soe, for she, iu common with others of the human race, was thinking of her own situation moro than of her daughter's. When haU-paBt one came, Mr. Ttimmcn arrived, and demanded his dinner. A cloth was laid tor him on the end of the dining room table, and futtber than this ho could seo no preparation, to ho came into the kitchen to view the land. Ho caught sight of his daughter. It had been ' to him some satisfaction that Keziah was caged ; but bo hod never lost his fear of her. So when hi saw her there, ho did not break forth as ho would otherwiso have done. "What do you wont?" Keziah asked sharply. " Well, my dinner/ replied her father. " Weil, the quietc you keep about it, the sooner you'll get it." What was the uso of his remaining in the kitchen ? None at all. He went back to the drawingroom, and took up a volume of Wesley's sormens and scanned it morosely. Ho hod not to wait long. Keziah with ber own hand# brought a tray in, and to Mr. Rimmon's infi nite astonishment, she placed between his knifo and fork a plate with a few slices of oold meat upon it. " What's this, Kizzy r" bo said, evotng the plate from where ho tat, with much disfavour. " It's your dinner," said Keziib, " and the sooner you oat it tho better." Mr. Rimmon seated hira5elf at tbe table, but did not begin to eat the moat. Ho was think ing that be would make his diuner off the tmnco-pio that was to follow. He waited a long time, but nobody camo. llo rang tbe bell. Sarah answered it. " Tnko this away." ho said, pointing at the plato, " and bring too mince-pio iu/' "Thore's no miuco-pie," said Sarah, lull afraid. " No minco-pio !" said Mr. Ttimmou, with a stop after each syllable. On hoarinq this, Mr. Rimroon got up from the tablo with tho intention of going without any diunor. Thero was an iron sale iu the wall of tho room, aud lie unlocked it, iutcuriiog to get some papers out. Ho put tho door hurriedly to as ho beard soma one como in. Ha thought it was Keziah, and resolved not to speak to her. Bat it was his tutor Dorcas. ller brother looked at her, and wondered, what cn earth had brought ber there. Her faco was beaming. " What do vou think, Joshua V' »dio aid. "I don't "know," said Joaiui, very in differently, . " Tho-twrctch Brougham Banucr's son has been drowned,; one of tho twins, you know.' Having imparted ber uowi, she waited. Ae her brother did not spook, the said : \- " Are 'you not' going iff ,say anything, Joshua V ' " \ . " Yen," ho- uusvveicd, " Cso about £OUX brnins." , . "Ubf indeed," said. Miss Borzoi, . swaying her head up and down, " X raust go about n# burins, rau'it I ? -And is it ouy part of youir buBinecB to eeiid uio 'ubout nyfUSino®» Answer mo that." - - -r'r _ "I toll you. -I don't want to bo;bot!itrea wiMi you," said Joshua irritably.. ; - » Oli, and you'ro ready to ue.O. me/ Sfint us nist-r, ' and also abuso"uifi,'ao it Ettems. But lot mo tall you ono thing, tboto'ste dog on your track. Ha !" sho said, " I tbfafcht you'd f.hovv rojno interest at that piece of nefvs. Only last nighf , sir I heard ;t tnau call you- awtitcu .st- jiulclire.,' . - . 1 . Tlio a-jriptu ml phraso Blahbed JoihUa dcetdy# " Uf;iKitaJumlcy tnon?" - " 'That's my businesPj Ond I'll raindiU' " \Vh:it do you want to ho such a fool fer r" raid her brother. "If anybody eaid lud ft thing, I ought tokuowwho it is. -AVouId you let the ground ho taken from under, ray ftet, nnd never givo mo warning?" , . .. " Measure for raeasnre," said Mies Dorcoe. " Tho tncusuro you mcto shall bo measured to you agiiii/ " Well," said her brother, with 'ft grim smile, " my ruin would ho your ' rum, thnnlc Heaven." : o , " Ho, lio," laughed Boreas, '"When a - houso falls there's always somebody on tho look-out In rarrvthfi trrjiRiirn .aw/iv. --.What if rho one who carries tho treasure away should A\l tho anxiety died out of Mr. Rimmon'o face on hearing this. " A mare's riest," ho said. if I . know, whom you raeSri,"- And te laughed satirically, locked up his. iron safe, and was leaving tho . room : when tbe key dropped from his pocket on to thoouahlonea chair, and he did not, bear it. .Ho wjeat back to his hank laughing to himself, -n No sooner had bo gone right away.-irotn tho liouso than Boreas gleefully, seized The key. " Oh, Silas, my dearest," sho cned,'/J,ray timo bnB como at last." And she opened the safe, having previously locked' tho door0 just as Joshna Itimmon had dono iri -tbei horir?when he betrayed Ruport Edmonton. Somehow tho words sho bad just' used to her .brother camo into her mind, -she didnot know whyt: " The measure yo mote shall bo measnred unto you again.'.' -HodshoknowQati about th& treach erous deed her brother bad boon guilty of, the words would havo been ominous enough. Bat she did riot, ' Haying taken a certain bundle of papers out of the safe,- 6he: placed tbo key on; the leather chair, whero it had faticn.'.'So it happened that when Joshua camo home and his eyes fell upon the key, a cold sweat broke ont upon him ; and a groat feeting of gratitude camo into Bis hearty ho hardly knew to what or whom, to lata most probably, that ho and no. other had found the key. It never occmred to him. in any foim that it miphi havo been found and used. That, night 'Boreas Rimmon' waited in the 6badow of a ' ruined engine house. in'tho Old Fork. A kccri wind was blowing, and the stared ae for as she could along the drk path that led between worked-out mines towards her brother's houso. But, wearied by th» intense darkness, sho turned her oyes away to rest upon tho dim lights of tho town and the glare of the furnaces, -A figure of a man was approaching between ber ana ono of tbe lights. Could it do Silas, coming another. way ? He raight have been somewhere for Thomas, and so hare been unable to keep his appointment, Tbe man was passing her. " Perhaps he can't soe mo," thought Dorcas. - Shotetenped ont si tittle, " Silos," she sold in' a sharp whisper. . The man turned upon her acid scanned her. > '? What ore yon prowling about, forH' said ft husky voice. .. . " Tnat is the expression you use in this country? Oh Cte?, .what ft country ft ia." --v Boreas retreated into tbe shadow. >3at she was riot so «x?ily quit of the s:ranger, who fol lowed her. 11 And was it for me yon were waiting ?" b» said in a charming manner. " I toolc-you fox a pit-bank worker, as they call them in this heathenish land. But I see you." arerespect- able. These pit-bank workers, tbcy/wDl give yon a kiss, bnt thoy do smell of the. coal. Bat you smell sweetly of the lavender-water. It hi a flhorao yoa should, wait hereinsolitadek I will besryoa company." I"'.. 11 Are yon a stranger to these psrtsf' asked Miss Boreas, hoping this stranger would stay until Silas Rimpler came np, to excite,)his j&a-; lon»y and so increase bis aiuonr. ' t " Yes, I am a stranger to theso porta," ye- plied tho gentleman. . 44 Bat £. will know the neighbonrhood better if you permitme." "Ob1", thought. .Dorcas, delighted, "be thinks the neighbourhood belongs tome !" She wondered what this, stranger was like. ;t being too dark to distinguish his features. ... " Are you intending to stay here/! asked Dnrcas sweetly, for any time f" " I stay," replied the stranger, " whereTex soft arms detain me. But at present1 it is at Wolverhampton I am, amusing the public, which ia not very elevated, it doeSfcppear to e-" . . ; : "May I ask where are you going now ?' UI was going np to. a Mr. Hackbees, on ft little matter of, business." 41 Oh, ho is my nephow.' - 44 i our what? Oh Cie! ! Then, you were the voungest of the family, is it uot) come to brighten the old age cf your esteemed 'mamma ana papa;" - > 44 No, I am not the youngest/', replied Boreas. The ardour of the gentleman eoemed to go down considerably, and he bade her a cool goodnight. - As he was departing, not taking particular notice of his footing, he threw hicisetx into tbe arms of Silas Rimpler, who was advancing from the opposite direction. "Vhat the devil are you about Vr jerked ont Mr. Rimpler, catching his breath and staggering. (ro bb coyrsxriD). 