jtortru aud ©rifles. ORIGINAL POETRY. OBEDIENCE AND DUTY. Would you a happy life oi home ? abroad One ample lesarw will afford A remedy for aU whose peace would be assured. Unrest and discontent ; the kevs to woe On everyfaand byhiphund low Are daily used, aad lead to ruin's overflow. Onr duties ably done with cheerful will And patient ceaseless care r^T| still Be made the means of healing and brightening every A deed vcD done, is likened to a stone When in a pool of rater thrown ; Embraces Us whole space, with ever widening zone. All duties whether so-called great or small Dope truly ? if we rise or fcafl Build up the fabric safe which will protect us alL Fafliers and mothers look to it with care Your children learn that lesson rare Obedience and datious lore so comely and so fair. Your lh-es and theirs will ever be the theme Of happy thought and joroos dream. Like roses Boating dowa m. pare and ctyataJ stream. AsOCTMors. 30th November, 1392. A good many Bank cashiers are like guns — well loaded when they go off! ' Small thanks to you,' raid a plaintiff to one of bis witnesses, 'for what you mid in this case.' 'Ah, sir,' replied the latter, 'but just think of what I didn't say.' Tommy (inquiringly)—** Mamma, is this hair-oU in this bottle?' Mamma— « Mercy no ! That's mucilage.' Tommy (noncha lantly)— ' I guess that's why I can't get my hat ofE.' ' Yes,' said Jones, 'when my wife goes mad she reminds me of a vessel under way.' 'How, sofinqairedSinith. ' Because she's got her rancour up.' ' Scene — Board School — Junior class at 'meanings' lesson. Teacher— 4- Give me a definition of Vesponsibairy-'' Boy — 'Please, mum, when vour breeks are haudin1 up wi' ae button an'a preen.' A very good actor having played the part of the ghost in 'Hamlet' for many years, Saphir, the German wit, on seeing him, said— ' It would be a good thing if this man save np the ghost, so that somebody else could take his part.' He- 'A— the fact is, I don't care for popu larity. I only wish my books to be admired by those whose admiration is really worth having- !' She — ' And who are they?' He— ' Those who admire my books !'? Firat clerk : 'I am sure our business is ] greater that yours. Why, some of our travellers have to go so far that it takes tbem six or eight months to retnni again.' Second Ditto: 'Oh, that's nothing; one of our travellers never came lack at alL' Watts— 'did Bingley ever accomplish his intention of getting even with the girl clerk who beat him out of his situation by offering to do the work at a smaller salery ?' Potts — 44 1 rather think be did. He married her and she is keeping them both.' Farmer (returning home from mirket rather jolly, seeing a rustic on a donkey)-' Hallo, my man, how much for yonr donkey's **i1 V Rustic (old man in smock, looking at him soine time)—' Well, gove'nor, III as a good price, as I see it's the oiily thine thee wants to finish thee,' The following is taken from a regimental paper: — 'A litiJe boy was reailiaj* in his Scottish history an account of the liattlc of ! Uannockhuni. He read as follows:—' Ami when the Eogiish army saw lii- new army on ' die hill behind their spirits became damped ' j The teacher asked htm what was meant by | damping their spirits, and the boy, not com prehending the meaning, simply answered * Pittjn water in their wbUky !' ' , 