A BURIED SIN. 'Quicker, Brabazon; quicker!' he whispers hoarsely. A half smile of mocking disdain curls St. John's short upper lip. The thick silken fringe fails to hide it. 'The ace! the ace! mine!' cries De Lancey, 'Your good fortune is simply marvellous,' observes Darrell, politely. 'A thousand this time.' For an instant his opponent pauses to reflect. The agreement is that the contest may be concluded at any time without respect to the player's position as to winnings or losings. Would it not be wise to retire ? He has won two thousand pounds; cannot that sum content him? He wavers. His glance falls on the note St. John has pushed forward, upon two others, on which the loser's hand still rests. He must have the whole five thousand or none. Evidently, luck is with him—as it has been the whole evening—and dead against Darrell. 'Nothing venture nothing have.' He has ventured so far and has been rewarded. Surely he may trust that fickle goddess, Fortune, a little further. ' The two of spades.' 'The three of spades.' rejoins St. John carelessly. Whether or not the carelessness be assumed none can tell. Whether that languid insouci- ance covers anxious heart-throbs it is im- possible to say. As Brabazon shuffles the cards Darrell proceeds to roll himself a cigarette, and ere he cuts in his turn the steady fingers complete the operation. As the cards fall he is occupied in lighting it, without even looking at them. An execration from De Lancey tells the result. 'Bad form to swear, Mr. De Lancey,' he remarks, calmly. ' Can you not be content to let me win once ?' If a look could annihilate, St. John would disappear instanter from this mortal scene. ' Double or quits,' shouts his opponent. 'A fresh pack of cards. I stake again on the two of spades.' 'And I on the three,' says Darrell, puffing away composedly. 'Curse it all, Bwabazon, can you not shuffle more quickly ?' 'Mr. De Lancey,' rejoins Brabazon, sternly, 'you will be good enough not to swear at me. I will trouble you to find another gentleman to work for you.' ' I beg your pardon,' apologises the other, sullenly; 'a couple of thou's on a thwow makes a man iwwitable, don't you see.' 'Twy a cigawette,' suggests a voice, in ludicrous mimicry of the speaker's pronun- ciation. A burst of laughter follows the sally. Mr. De Lancey, speechless with rage, looks daggers at nobody in particular. 'Attention!' cries Brabazon, mollified, throwing a card on the table. Rapidly the little worthless strips of board upon which depend the transfer of four thousand pounds, more than the entire earn- ings of many an honest man's life, follow each other. 'Lost again, by Jove!' exclaims a looker- on, of quicker sight than the rest. ' Double or quits once more,' screams the loser, great drops of perspiration standing out on his forehead. For God's sake, Braba- zon, be quick. I choose my card again— the two of spades.' 'And I the queen,' laughs Darrell, softly. 'It is time I paid homage to her majesty.' There is a dead silence. It is the final deal. Eight thousand pounds tremble in the balance. Should De Lancey win, St. John has still two thousand pounds with which to tempt Fortune; should St. John win, the game is at an end, he will have cleared the board. He alone wears an unmoved countenance but even his iron nerves are strung to extreme tension. Unseen in the excitement, he drops the cigarette between his knees, setting his foot upon it, and his fingers fasten upon the rim of the chair on which he sits, calm as a statue, as though they would press through the solid wood. ' Ah !' It is an involuntary sigh from some of the spectators as the ace of spades drops. For the fraction of a second they are deceived. A simultaneous exclamation. 'Double or quits !' shrieks De Lancey, 'Pardon me— —' St. John commences urbanely. Then he stops, for his opponent has fainted. The card that evoked the last sign was-the queen of spades ! Even Darrell feels sick and giddy. 'Take care of the notes, Brabazon,' he whispers. ' I will return almost immediately.' He is standing in the clear starlight. Cool night breezes fan his fevered brow. For a moment, as a thought of pity for his late an- tagonist sweeps across his mind, he feels tempted to return the spoil. Then, through a vista of departed years, he sees himself as he was in his bright, fresh youth, ere this man led him hither and thither and plundered him, under the name of friend ship, of far more than his gains to-night. 'Nemesis is just,' he cries, bitterly. ' But by Heaven's hell, I will never gamble more.' Brabazon meets him as he turns to re-enter the house. ' Where is De Lancey ?' 'I do not know. He stumbled away to his own rooms when he came to himself. Pooh ! never waste a thought on such a scamp. He will recoup himself at his 'hell' in a year or two.' 'Brabazon,' exclaims St. John earnestly. I am about to say something a man might resent as an insult, unless it were spoken by one of his closest friends.' ' My dear fellow, you do me the highest honour. I would rather have your friend- ship than that of a prince. The way you took the shine out of that villain, De Lancey, was—was—was prime, in fact. You were as cool as a cucumber all the time.' Darrell smiles, wearily. 'I cannot take credit, it lies in my blood I fancy. You know the family motto, Dare ell dare all.' By Jove, yes. 'Dare ell,' that is the origin of your name I suppose ?' 'It was spelled with an 'a' or an 'e' indis- criminately in the good old times when the heads of the house had to employ a monk to write it for them.' ' Well, what were you about to tell me ?' ' In the first place, that I have this instant solemnly abjured all kinds of gambling.' 'A very good thing too if you include the turf. You have lost about as much money upon it as any man in England who still defies the Jews.' ' And in the second, that I want you, dear old man, to take back the five thou' I won on the Derby and never say a word about it.' 'Look here, Darrell,' cries the other, im- petuously, 'how much did I pull off you the first bet we had ?' 'A thousand.' ' And the next?' ' I won three hundred back again.' 'And the next ?' 'I forget,' replies St. John, evasively. 'Then I do not. Twenty-five hundred, a cool three thousand two hundred altogether. Did I ever offer to return the winnings ?' St. John is silent. 'Had I done so what would have been your reply.' St. John extends his hand. 'You forgive me for asking you Braba- zon ?' The tears came into the youngster's eyes as the question is put. 'Forgive you?' he says, sawing away at the proffered hand. 'Darrell, there is not a a thing in the world I would not do for you if you called me 'friend,' and asked it.' ' Do you mean that simply on the generous impulse of the moment?' 'I mean it, I swear by—' 'Hush! that will do, dear boy. On the honour of a gentleman—you have no greater oath.' 'On the honour of a gentleman.' 'Promise me then you will stop betting when your total losses in any one year reach five thousand pounds, and that you will not stand to lose more than that amount upon a race or any other event.' Brabazon hesitates. 'Dear old chum, and dear friend,' says St. John, laying a hand kindly on his shoulder, 'fifteen years ago I was much what you are now. I had a fair reputation, and an equally fair estate. I lost the last—as you are losing yours, and from sheer recklessness the first went also. I have never spoken to any man on the subject so feelingly as I do to you to-night; the role of cynic is easier to play than that of preacher. Will you promise?' Again the hands meet in a cordial grasp. 'I promise, on the word of a gentleman.' Darrell's manner recovers its usual care- less gaiety. 'Shall we walk homewards together?' 'If you will. Take the roll of notes, I would rather not be garotted for the sake of them.' Through the brilliant chambers of the 'respectable house,' where players are intent now on their own possible gain or loss, and have no look to bestow as the friends pass out into the London night—where even in the coolness and the darkness air is impure still, and a breath of wind brings the fra- grance of a noisome back slum, or the reek of a steaming cookshop—pass the man of thirty-five and the boy of one-and-twenty, friends—close friends, henceforth. It is yet but half-past one in the morning. Many people still throng the pavement in some streets through which they go; stylishly dressed men and bedizened women for the most part. Only in the quiet back streets and deserted squares does the teeming world appear to be snatching brief repose. But quiet places are to be avoided rather than populous ones whilst that little roll of paper lies in Darrell's breast-pocket. Since they crossed its threshold no allusion has been made to the house they have left. As by common consent all topics connected with it are avoided. 'I go into the country this afternoon,' says St. John, abruptly. 'I have a sudden longing upon me for green trees and shady places, and clear, rippling water. I wonder how poor wretches feel who have to live always in the fog, and the smoke, and the unsavoury stench, whose dreams of the country are of an amplified Regent's Park, whose thoughts of a lark are connected with a spit or a poulterer's shop, whose ideas of the blackbird and the mavis are drawn from a bird- fancier's window.' 'London is a jolly place enough,' remarks practical Brabazon. 'For us, who quaff its pleasures till they pall upon us; who spend our lives in seeking amusement, and find it here condensed and spiced to the utmost—yes. By-and-bye the pleasures will begin to bore you, dear boy, and you will see the sadder side of the picture. I do not mean that your existence will become more melancholy. I have marred my own, never mind how, beyond redemption, but it is not of that I thought. To me bustling London streets have an undercurrent of sadness unutterable. Watch the keen faces of the men who crowd and jostle you, they tell of a constant struggle, a perpetual race, a ceaseless striving after, not wealth as some would tell you, but the bare means of existence. Look at care-worn faces pushing by you on the pavement. Do you ever see a happy one? Think how their minds must be ever strained and tuned to the same key. Even as they walk you see their lips moving.' A figure glides from under a gas lamp, and lays a hand on the speaker's arm, looking into his face with a smile. What a smile! What a miserable attempt at allurement! What a feeble mimicry of mirth in the contortion of the thin lips! What wretched lie is this? She has sham roses on her cheeks, a sham complexion of white and red, but for these the face was corpse-like in [its] pallor. How the cheek bones stand out ! How emaciated is the frame! ' Heaven help you, my girl !' says Darrell, compassionately. 'Heaven won't, and man won't, and women are fiends !' cries the girl with a savage laugh. They have stopped under the lamp, and St. John's hand has found its way to his pocket. How the poor creature's haggard eyes pursue it ! How they glare at the handful of loose silver and the gold coin or two he withdraws! His fingers select and extend a coin. She holds it up to the light. A sovereign! Poor wretch ! She throws a feeble arm round the lamp-post, rests her head upon it, bursts into a passion of sobs and tears. They shake her frail frame so convulsively she sways a little, as though about to fall. Darrell's arm encircles her waist. Sobbing still she leaves the support and clings to him. Her head falls upon his shoulder, but he does not shrink. He stands gravely looking down upon it with ineffable, dreamy com- passion in [his] eyes, and the sobs grow calmer. 'Come, come, my lassie, look up. Keep a brave heart.' At the cheery tones she lifts her head. It is a young face prematurely aged. She is hardly a woman in years. Hardly a woman 'in years.' That is what the black sheep of society, the reckless cynic thinks. Reputable members of the flock would unsex her per- haps altogether. 'Oh ! God bless you, sir ! God bless you ! God bless you!' CHAPTER XI. 'Old Merriton Street, City. No. 11.' The cabman touches his hat. St. John Darrell springs into the hansom, and care- fully shuts out drizzling rain which falls stea- dily. The broad streets look damp and woe- begone, but swift-footed pedestrians, carrying umbrellas, throng the pavements, and omni- buses wending eastward are crammed inside and out with working bees hastening to their hives. They are bees, and he is a human fly with ten thousand pounds in his breast pocket; 11 Old Merriton Street, is the spider's den. The spider is already there with a heap of unopened letters before him, a waste-paper basket at his feet, a slowly growing pile of red correspondence, with sundry abbreviations and cabalistic signs in red ink. The ink might be the blood of his victims, for each epistle represents a mesh of the web, which spreads north, south, east, and west throughout the land. There are two or three delicate and intricate meshes put carefully aside for special personal attention. Over one writ- ten in coarse, sprawling caligraphy he has mused quite five minutes. As for the increasing pile of raw material it will go out presently when complete to be woven by inferior insects in the outer office. He is a fat and bloated spider, dressed in sombre black, relieved by massive jewellery and an immense white neckcloth, wound in old-fashioned and clerical style high about the throat. That neckcloth is the most re- munerative investment he has ever made on his own behalf. Mrs. Spider and the girls object to it, and to the funereal character of his attire, but he only shakes his portly sides with silent laughter, and bids them 'Wait a little, my dears.' Oh! it is a cunning web and a costly that he spins. The annual totals of his postage stamps account would maintain a dozen res- pectable families. He issues daily bulletins —his own printed opinions of stocks and shares. He has his private financial organ, with its sweeping denunciations of fraudulent directors and rotten companies. Twice he has been mulcted in nominal damages for actionable reflections upon un- principled financiers, and the investing public have come rushing to him like so many flies, as a broker of unswerving morality and un- impeachable rectitude, the only adviser they can fully trust. Leading articles hold him up to national admiration as a martyr upon 'Change, or ex- tol a scheme with which he is connected as bearing in his name the surest guarantee of soundness and success, and it would seem that incorruptible leader-writers employ him to remodel their own little investments, for they often cash cheques bearing his well- known signature. It is a full-blooded, plethoric fly which stares from the windows of a cab at the shop windows, at the Blue-coat school, at Newgate, at Benson's clocks, at the Old Lady of Threadneedle-street. A fly which will feel easier and more lively when it has been relieved of a few thousands. A fly which is seized amicably by two feelers as a preliminary proceeding. 'Will you come into my parlour ?' says the spider. St. John enters, pulls out his pocket-book, lays down the notes. 'Ah !' sighs the spider, carelessly. 'How much ?' 'Ten thousand.' The spider turns over the notes, flings them down, and drops a paper-weight jauntily upon them with a manner which implies: 'The merest bagatelle, my good sir; the merest bagatelle.' 'For investment, I presume ?' 'Exactly. I come to ask your advice.' The spider flings himself back in his chair, elevates his chin to an angle of forty-five degrees, thrusts his thumbs into the two pockets of his vest, and assumes a sage and sphinx-like expression. His eyes close for an instant, perhaps to hide a gleam of light which brightens them momentarily. 'But first I must ask you to invest half the amount, five thousands pounds, that is, in the joint names of a friend (a Mr. Brabazon) and myself, in Consuls, according to the particulars upon this half-sheet of paper.' Were it not for the uniform dulness of the day one might imagine the sun had gone behind a cloud, and that the sudden shadow had fallen upon the broker's face. It clears instantly, however. 'My dear sir, I cannot too highly extol your prudence. It far surpasses that of many —many of the most clear- sighted investors I know. They cannot content themselves with what they call the beggarly return the government securities offer.' ' It is indeed very low, but this transaction is a kind of trust one, and I have no option.' 'You are not going to tell me,' exclaims the spider, waggishly, and shaking his head in mock reproof, 'that you are so greedy, so appallingly greedy, as to desire more than three per cent. for the remainder? Come, come, Mr. Darrell, you should leave such acuteness to us city men, and be satisfied with the good, old-fashioned ways.' That is what the tongue says, but pointing forefinger and appreciative, complimentary smile imply something more. ' Mr. Darrell, I am moved to surprise and admiration of your shrewdness. You are un- questionably in the right.' ' I do not care about high interest at present but I should like to put the money into a safe undertaking, now comparatively un- remunerative, but which may be expected to pay well at some future time. My desire is based upon the conclusion that as dividends increase prices will rise to premium and,—' ' Why—here, I have the very thing,' cries the broker, excitedly, laying his hand on the letter in sprawling caligraphy. Then he stops in well-feigned confusion, and makes a show of compressing his lips with determined reticence. 'The very thing—' repeats St. John. 'My dear sir, I beg your pardon most heartily for interrupting you. Pray continue.' ' But you were about to tell me of some- thing.' The broker looks at him in silence with a peculiar smile, but the silence is more impres- sive than words. The man is a born facial actor. There flit in rapid succession across his fat countenance admiring astonishment at the other's penetration—a growing humorous inclination to reward it—carefully preserved taciturnity giving way by degrees. 'Mr. Darrell,' he says, with comical solem- nity, and an enforcing of every word with the huge forefinger—' Mr. Darrell you came to me for advice.' He stops, and as he seems to expect a reply, St. John says : 'I did.' ' You came to me for advice as to the in- vestment of five thousand pounds.' ' Yes.' 'You expressed your own views relative to that investment, and they coincided so re- markably with a description which lies here,' and the fat hand pats the table gently, 'of an undertaking with which a man is obliged under pecuniary pressure to close his con- nection that I was momentarily betrayed into departure from customary caution and re- serve.' ' What is the undertaking?' With a slight motion of the hand the broker waves away the question. 'Sir, I have a character to support; I have a reputation to keep up. You come to me for advice, and I give it to you, sound advice, by acting upon which you will neither gain nor lose a penny. There are our own and Indian government securities, there are good railway preference shares, there are a few colonial securities, there are a dozen other things which stand high in public estimation. Split up your five thousand pounds into ten portions, and sink each portion according to a list I will draw out in two minutes. You will obtain an average interest of four per cent., or a little more, and as any slight depreciation of one stock will be counterbalanced by slight im- provement in another your original capital may at any moment be recovered intact.' The broker takes up the letter in sprawl- ing caligraphy, rolls it into a paper tube and pats his knee with it. His air is that of a man humbly conscious he has done his duty, and happy in that consciousness. 'Put yourself in my place,' says St. John. 'Would you pursue the course suggested ?' 'My dear sir, you ask an impossibility. No man yet succeeded in putting himself in the place of another, his individuality must prevent it. If I could content myself with absolute safety, low interest, stagnant capital, I should invest as I recommend you to do.' ' And if not ?' The broker smiles again. His glance falls upon the tube of paper in his hand. 'Will you tell me as a special favour,' asks St. John, 'what that 'something' is to which your thoughts reverted when I de- scribed my views.' 'A thing I decline to recommend—a thing I positively refuse to recommend, remember that. The most risky of all specu- tions—a mining venture.' His looks finish the sentence. They say 'the advantages of which are so obvious further recommenda- tion is needless.' 'But surely mines pay well sometimes ?' 'Pay? A good mine is an El Dorado to its shareholders, but,' the caution returns, ' there are so many swindles.' 'Will you tell me the contents of that letter?' 'I will, under protest. You must dis- tinctly understand I wash my hands of the consequences ?' 'Of course. What is the writer ?' 'A man of great financial ability, of sound judgment, but of a character which has one great defect—want of caution. His schemes are excellent, but all schemes re- quire time to bring a harvest, and sometimes others reap what he has sown, because he is working in distant fields. Do you follow me?' 'I think so.' 'Six years ago he and a mining engineer were knocking about Mexico, and they came across an old abandoned silver mine. The engineer, a shrewd, practical fellow, went down at the risk of his life and explored it.' 'Yes.' 'They came to the conclusion it might be worked with small outlay. The financier had a few thousands at command. They ac- quired the mine and got it to yield. Then they started a company to buy 'The Es- meralda Silver Mine, capital one hundred thousand pounds, in ten thousand ten-pound shares, fully paid up.'' ' Well?' 'The shares were taken without much difficulty, for it was known the financier thought so well of his mine he intended holding the five thousand shares allotted in purchase. The first year a good dividend was paid, and the shares rose to a premium.' 'Did the financier sell?' 'Not he. He thought too well of the Es- meralda, unfortunately, for in the second year supports or something gave way, and the mine was flooded. You must remember the original work of reclamation carried on at the financier's sole expense was necessarily hasty and superficial. The mine was flooded.' ' Well ? ' 'Down went the shares, but the financier held on. He knew or believed that when once the water could be pumped out all would be well again.' ' And was it ? ' 'It was never pumped out, sir, for want of funds. Half the share capital had been al- lotted in purchase; the remaining half had been almost all spent in costly machinery, &c.; The shares being fully paid up, no call could be made; preference shares could not be issued by a mine not in working order; there was no means of meeting such an emergency. It was a fatal oversight in the original scheme.' ' Could they not borrow ? ' 'No one would lend at first, and so things dragged on. Within the last few months a loan has been contracted, the pumping out has begun, and in a year or two the mine will be again in working order it is hoped. But meanwhile our financier has locked up every sovereign he possesses in new and promising speculations and must have more money. 'Can he not sell some of these shares? ' 'Exactly what he wants to do. But how ?' 'They have a certain market value, I pre- sume ?' A smile flits across the broker's face, such as an indulgent parent might wear at the in- genuous prattle of a child. 'Yes. I will show you.' He takes down a file of Stock Exchange lists from the wall and throws back the stiff cover. 'Esmeralda Silver Mining Company, the first of January, one and a quarter to one and a half. No transactions. January 2nd, one transaction at one and three eighths.' 'Only one pound seven shillings and six pence for a ten-pound share?' cries Darrell. 'Exactly. It is a terrible depreciation. With the first report of ill luck, at the time these shares stood at a premium, there were great fluctuations. Ups and downs you know, according to telegrams received, but with a violent downward tendency. Of late prices have been quite steady—all this year they have kept pretty evenly at one and a quarter. February 5th, you see, one and a quarter. one and three- eighths, one and five six- teenths, March 1st, one and a quarter to one and a half. No transactions. April 7th, one and a quarter. May 5th, one and three eighths. Yesterday's list, one and a quarter. But what think you would be the result if our financing friend took his five thousand shares into an open market and offered them ?' 'I cannot say.' 'There would be a little panic. Other mines would fall, slightly, in sympathy, but 'Esmeralda' shares would go to nothing— literally nothing, and he would hardly get thanks if he offered to give them away.' 'What will he do then ?' 'He would prefer to borrow upon them, that when the mine begins to pay he may reap the advantage. But that is impossible. No one would lend upon such security. The only thing is to sell the lot at a ruinous sacrifice to a capitalist, and this letter begs me to find a purchaser, as money must be raised somehow.' 'Does he quote a price ? ' 'No. But his immediate pecuniary re- quirements are above five thousand pounds, and I daresay that after much haggling he would take that sum for the shares. One thousand two hundred and fifty pounds less than present market value, that is, or five years' interest at five per cent. on the invest- ment. At such a price, regarding present market value as a fair one, an investor could afford to wait five years for the first dividend. Should payments be resumed meanwhile, as doubtless they will be if no fresh hitch occur, there is no reason why the shares should not rise steadily until they reach par. In that case the man who bought five thousand pounds' worth might quietly realise fifty thousand pounds.' 'You take away one's breath. With such an auriferous possibility before his eyes how can your financier make up his mind to sell?' ' My dear sir, you overlook two eventuali- ties. One, that funds may never be forth- coming to pump the mine dry; another, that five years may be spent in raising the money and expelling the water. In five years the present holder, with all his gigantic spe- culations, will have made or lost a million of money. He may be the richest commoner in England, or a pauper.' 'I feel strongly tempted to purchase.' The broker examines intently an ink spot on the carpet, perhaps that the satisfaction in his eyes may not show too plainly. ' The very thing I feared, after that indis- creet exclamation of mine. Ah, me! ah, me!' (and his head wags solemnly above the white neckcloth). 'Young heads are very rash, very rash, my dear sir.' 'Then you would not feel tempted per- sonally ?' ' I? I would not touch a risky thing with a long pole. It is not my metier, my cha- racter would suffer.' 'Yet you have a good opinion of the mine,' says St. John, smiling. The broker's face exhibits signs of dis- tress. 'Mr. Darrell, what can have given you that impression? I have committed myself to no opinion. I have tried to be most guarded in the statements which you wrung from me under plea of a special favor to yourself. I have tried to show that present unfruitfulness in the matter of dividend and possible loss of every penny sunk in the spe- culation have to be weighed against dazzling but most uncertain possibilities. Yet you assert I have a good opinion of the mine.' 'An assertion to which you give no denial!' The broker's distress changes to comical perplexity. 'You are too much for me,' he says. 'You have me in a corner; the only chance is to make a bold spring and get away. Here are various papers' (pulling open a drawer and taking from a compartment marked 'E' a bundle of documents tied with tape) 'which will enable you to trace in detail the vicissi- tudes I have briefly sketched. Read them at your leisure. I can only hope that if you are still allured by the tempting bait, the op- portunity to seize it may be lost.' 'I shall read them in the course of the next three hours, for they will help to beguile the tediousness of a journey by rail, and I shall telegraph to you my decision as soon as it is made. Meanwhile kindly hold the bank notes on my behalf.' 'Well, well,' says the broker, smiling, 'a wilful man must have his own way.' That proverb should be spoken in the broadest Gaelic, I fancy, for it comes from the ' land o' cakes,' but I am no canny Scotsman, and should make a mull of the pronunciation. I wish you good day and a pleasant journey.' So the fly gets into his hansom and drives to the terminus, unconscious of the gossamer threads which have been wound so cunningly about his wings, and the spider goes back to his den, there to spin fresh meshes for fresh victims. Later in the day, before the process is complete, a yellow-enveloped missive is brought him. 'I am willing to give five thousand pounds for the shares. 'You may enter upon the ne- cessary negotiations.' The letter in sprawling caligraphy still lies before him unanswered. He takes it up and reads it once more with careful attention. ' Dear Spider,—It is all 'UP' with Es- meralda mine. I learn by private telegram that Hackett, the old engineer, says nothing more can be done, and has thrown up his appointment in disgust. There is some talk of allowing a young Scotch fellow, his sub- ordinate, to try some ridiculous scheme which he says will work—probably a dodge of the Scotchman to get promotion and bigger screw for a few months, as stepping-stones to a better thing. 'The matter will be kept dark for a week pending board meeting, then prices will drop to the devil, that is—nil. I have burnt my fingers nicely, have I not ? ' Do you know anybody with more money than brains who would be tempted to buy my big holding privately at considerably less than ruling prices?' 'Invent any cock-and-bull story you like to account for extreme hurry in concluding sale. The money must be paid over and the transfer of shares registered in a week. I am at my wits' end. Help me in this and I will put something good in your way shortly.' The broker lights a taper he is accus- tomed to use for igniting sealing-wax and holds the letter to it until a heap of ashes remains. Then he draws pen and paper to him, and writes: 'I am in a position to place the Esmer- alda shares at fifteen shillings each. The difference between buying and selling prices to be regarded as my commission. Wire reply, and the purchase money shall be lodged to-morrow with your bankers.' The note is addressed, sealed, and marked 'Private and confidential' by the spider's own fat hands. He steps into the neat brougham in waiting, and is whirled rapidly to the luxurious home where Mrs. Spider and the girls await him, gorgeously arrayed and feverishly im- patient lest 'Pa' should make them late for Exeter Hall. To-night there will be a crowded meeting at that famous building in aid of foreign missions. The spider will be honoured with a seat upon the platform, enthusiastic strangers and mild curates from the country will regard him with reverence as a colonial bishop, at least. The chairman will almost embrace him on receipt of the cheque for one hundred pounds with which the spider's 'large-hearted Christian charity' prompts him to begin the collection; a contribution which will be published by the daily papers through the length and breadth of England and prove one of the cheapest advertisements ever circulated. And as the broker's head sinks on the pillow, and he composes himself to virtuous slumber it is with the generous glow at his heart a good action inspires. He feels he has done his duty in that state of life in which it has pleased Providence to place him and he murmurs, drowsily: 'Five shillings per share. Five thousand shares. Twelve hundred and fifty pounds. Not a bad day's work.' CHAPTER XII. 'You are my brother's murderer !' The words burn into Mostyn Howard's brain at the expression of that horrible fear which he has tried to put from him. They swim in letters of fire before his eyes, and shut out for a moment the livid, upturned face. They sing in his ears and deafen him to the wild reproaches by which the agitated girl enforces them. He kneels, and with trembling fingers essays to unfasten the prostrate lad's neck- cloth, to loosen the shirt at his throat. The gentle rain has moistened the clotted blood. Lady Clare wipes it away tenderly with a little useless square of handkerchief, and the white face looks somewhat less ghastly—indeed Mostyn Howard is almost the paler of the two. ' Do not touch him,' she cries, with super- natural terror. ' A corpse will bleed again beneath the murderer's fingers. Look !' Blood has recommenced flowing from the nostrils. To Mostyn the sight is one of hopeful joy. No serious mischief can be done surely since the circulation still con- tinues. The stable helper comes rushing up with a can of water, and the tutor finds a tongue. ' Your brother is only stunned, Lady Clare, If you will let me dash a little water in his face he will revive. Let me hold his head or your dress will be soaked.' ' My dress !' she repeats, with superb scorn. 'Give me the water.' She dips tiny brown hands to the wrists in the vessel and sprinkles a shower of drops upon Lord Ferrars's face. She laves his fore- head and wets his hair with the cool water and the heavy eyelids unclose. He sighs heavily, as though still somewhat bewildered. Another dash of water recalls the wandering senses. ' Hallo! Clare. What the deuce are you making me in that beastly mess for?' 'I thought you were dead, dear.' 'Then the sooner you disabuse yourself the better. Next time you imagine your brother defunct shed a few tears over him if you like, but not a bucket of water. How did I come here; Mr. Howard, how white you look about the gills. What is the matter? Have you over-exerted yourself? You must have hit out pretty forcibly that last left-hander to knock me into this con- dition.' 'Your head struck the wall as you fell,' ex- plains Mostyn. 'Thank God you are not more seriously hurt.' Lord Ferrars rises to his feet, putting both hands to the back of his head. 'That is why my cranium aches so in- fernally, I suppose. It feels as big as two and as heavy as lead. Jim, you lazy beggar, pull off these gloves; I have had enough for to-day. Mr. Howard, we must indulge in a little gentle play tomorrow, if you will. You are more than my master, and I shall be proud to learn from you.' ' Mr. Howard will doubtless be happy to administer another brutal lesson,' exclaims Lady Clare, with flashing eyes. ' Clare you are a little fool,' retorts her brother. 'Go and take off that sloppy dress and make yourself presentable. You look like Dorothy Draggletail. Will you shake hands Mr. Howard ? I don't mind owning I richly deserve all I got.' With tears in his eyes, the tutor extends his hand. The lad's frank manliness has surprised and touched him; he is almost speechless with emotion. Lord Ferrars observes it. Master and pupil are very near friendship for a moment. 'On my word, Howard, I begin to think you are an uncommonly decent fellow.' Before Mostyn can reply Lady Clare's sarcastic voice interposes. ' What sound discrimination! An uncom- monly decent fellow, forsooth, because he bore insult, biding his time to humiliate you in that one pastime at which you deem yourself an adept. Because he planned to chastise you as thoroughly as any beaten hound or whipped schoolboy. Because he shamed you before your own stable-helper, and repented of his work only when he thought revenge had been carried out so far that his own safety was endangered. An uncommonly decent fellow, verily.' 'I do not care,' mutters her brother, sul- lenly. ' He is the best pugilist I ever met.' 'And what is his opinion of the green country lad who baited a trap and set his own foot in it ? Come here,' she continues, vindictively, drawing him away, 'come here, and I will tell you.' With sad, dejected eyes Mostyn watches the retreating figures. For the young noble man's intractability of temper, for his perverse and determined opposition, for a long and patient fight against prejudice and obstinacy, he was prepared. Having planned the cam- paign, as it were, he had begun to carry it, step by step, to a victorious determination. But the young girl's enmity and dangerous influence are new features in the warfare. They surprise and disconcert him. Henceforth he must set himself to win both sister and brother, and the task is doubly difficult, by reason of the difference in their temperaments. The boxing encounter has thrown a new light upon Lord Ferrars's character. With all his faults, there is a rough but generous manliness about the lad, which would pro- mise well for the future could it only be developed. The master has won the pupil's respect now. Respect that trembled for a moment upon the verge of liking, but that may oscil- late to the opposite sentiment under the insinuations of keen girlish malice. Clearly the sister must be won first—but how? All his life Mostyn Howard has been an eager student of masculine character, but his opportunities of observing women have been few and far between. 'The proper study of mankind is man.' It is a truth upon which he has possibly placed limited and one-sided construction. And this young girl is to him an inscru- table mystery. Jim, the helper, has touched his apology for a hat, and has retired grinning, carrying the gloves with him. Lord Ferrars and his sister, talking earnestly, have vanished through a side door. Mostyn stands upon the threshold of the out-building, and tries to think out the problem to the drip, drip of the rain. He recalls her as she chose to appear at their first meeting—a merry, joyous child of 'larger growth,' treating him with a frank camaraderie that was as pleasant as it was startling. Then he sees her advancing with stately steps, with a distant, frigid brow, in acknow- ledgment of a distasteful introduction. Faultlessly attired, haughty as a queen, graceful as a fawn, beautiful as a houri, she is my Lady Clare, every inch a peer's daughter. And within the last few minutes she has shown in another mood. A mood of vehement, indignant passion, of fierce, upbraiding scorn, of determined and malignant revenge, if he rightly interpreted the parting glance she threw to him. She is a paradox, a puzzle, an enigma it will need all his penetration to solve. And when he has learned the keynote of her character, when he can trace the difficult transitions and obscure passages, when he can grope his way through bewildering dis- cords into exquisite harmony—what then ? Music perhaps of thrilling power and wondrous sweetness. Music which might possibly avail to lull and soothe his madness of memory as David's harp soothed the mad- ness of Saul the King. How beautiful she is in all her moods! He falls to wondering of what further changes of expression her features are capable. Abandonment, disdain, anger, scorn, revenge, all these he has seen. He has the imagination of a poet and an artist, this Mostyn Howard. He is one of those who see visions and dream dreams. An imaginary picture rises at this moment. The proud eyes are softened to liquid tenderness; the lines of the mouth (lines that he has just beheld hardened in con- temptuous derision) tremble into infinite sweetness. The lovely face is glorified, transfigured. It bears the impress of a great passion; it turns fearfully to the mystery and glamour of a new existence. The picture fades, just as he longs, with an artist's longing, to transfer it to canvas. Before him are shiny slate roofs, wet grass, dripping branches. With a sigh he waits for the rain to fall less heavily that he may return to his own rooms. It does not once occur to him the ideal face which stood out in a brief day-dream may haunt him in the future. Already his life is haunted. Haunted by the ghost of a terrible memory which points menacingly at him across the years. A ghost that never slumbers, that never vanishes altogether. A ghost that fades and pales sometimes, but at others stands out so clearly he wonders no one can see it but himself. Not for him the peaceful, contented life of other men, the hopeful labour, the restful ease, the love of fair women—the household gods whom they worship in innocent idolatry. His existence must be one of solitary self- sacrifice, of never- ceasing atonement. The one great hope which he connects with the future is that he may at some dis- tant date have done a little good, have earned a little fame. The one great fear, a fear which gives him ever a stern, sad gravity beyond his years, is that the good he may have done, the fame he may have earned, will be alike powerless to save him from the pointing finger and the savage malediction of society. And if ever the day come when the good and evil of his career are weighed in the balance he must stand alone, awaiting the decision. No woman's eye must dilate with the agony of suspense, no tender woman's heart must be racked with sympathetic suffering. Monkish vow was never more binding than is his resolve in this particular. There is a brief lull in the steady down- pouring of water, and he mechanically takes advantage of it to regain the castle. It is in his mind to seek Lord Malbreckthane, to lay before him the events of the morning, and to suggest the expediency of abandoning a struggle so painful in its continuance. Gradually as he walks there boom upon him the deep tones of an organ. Louder and louder they grow until all the exquisite har- mony of one of Mozart's Masses steals soothingly into his soul. He passes into the great hall and sits down unnoticed in a corner. His ears drink in the music, his eyes wan- der from trophies of war and peace which de- ceased Darrells have hung upon the walls, to the glories of the painted window whereon their arms are emblazoned, in blue and crim- son and gold, and to that simple legend ' Dare ell, dare all.' There is the head of a buffalo, surrounded by tomahawks and Indian arrows. There are stags' antlers, old English longbows, shirts of mail, swords, daggers, maces, tattered flags. And just where golden light streams through the stained win- dow sits Blanche Carew at the organ, like some fair saint with a halo about her brow, fixing rapt, intent eyes upon the score before her. He looks and listens, looks long and earnestly at the exquisite profile of that lovely face so full of sweetness, goodness, purity, listens to the throbbing and the wailing of the organ, to the strife and the clamour, to the triumphant march of rich closing chords. A measure of calmness and of peace comes to him. There is a quick, firm step in the hall, and the earl appears, an open telegram in his hand. He wears a loose suit of white cricketing flannels, a garb he has greatly affected since the hot weather first set in. ' Where is your mother, Blanche ? ' 'In her boudoir, I think. No bad news I hope.' 'Just like the women,' grumbles the earl, 'they never see a telegram but they think there is sickness or death in the envelope, St. John Darrell will be here to dinner, that is all.' Miss Carew wheels round again to the organ somewhat abruptly. Lord Malbreckthane's footfall dies upon the soft carpet of the stair- case. Mostyn Howard, watching the musician from his corner, sees a vivid blush spread from the centre of the cheek turned towards him, until it dyes white forehead and snowy throat even a deep crimson. As though to cool the hot brow the fair head sinks until it rests upon the ivory keys, but there is an indefinable something in the action which seems almost a caress, and Mostyn rises noiselessly to his feet and creeps unobserved away, feeling guiltily he has been betrayed into involuntary espion- age. At the top of the stairs he meets the earl, 'Ah! Mr. Howard, you look very hot. What have you been doing?' 'Come to my rooms for a few minutes and I will tell you, my lord,' says the tutor, gravely. Lord Malbreckthane puts his own con- struction upon the gravity. ' I suppose that young scamp Ferrars has been annoying you again. Never mind, never mind. In time you will tame him, I am sure. One of these days you must give him a severe lesson, you know.' A faint smile plays about the tutor's lips as he pushes his luxurious easy chair towards the earl and takes a small one himself. 'The severe lesson has just been adminis- tered.' 'Eh? What?' 'I have just been boxing with Lord Ferrars, and have given him the most thorough punishment probably he ever received.' ' You don't say so,' cries the earl, ecstati- cally. 'With the gloves too?' Why, he thought not a man in the country could touch him, I am sure.' 'Then he is probably disillusioned at this moment,' rejoins Mostyn, gloomily. 'But, my lord, it was no child's play to beat him, and the victory was likely to have cost me dear.' 'It was a kind of fight at the end, I sup- pose. By Jove! I would like to have seen it. The lad fought well, I hope? I should be sorry to think the Darrell pluck had died out.' 'You need feel no alarm upon that score, We should be at it still, I fear, but that an un- lucky blow took him off his legs, and in falling his head struck the wall. My lord, for some minutes I feared he was dead,' At the recollection of his agony of mind during those minutes the tutor's voice trembles, and great beads of perspiration stand out upon his forehead. Lord Mal- breckthane interposes with kindly derision. 'There, there, you might have known Fer- rars's skull was too thick to be hurt seriously. I am very glad indeed.' 'I feared he was dead,' repeats Mostyn. ' In the horror of the moment I bitterly re- pented my rashness in undertaking his re- formation. In the glow of joyful relief which succeeded I almost resolved to abandon the task.' 'Heaven forbid,' exclaims the earl, devoutly. 'What did the boy say when he came to his senses? He was stunned I pre- sume ?' 'Yes. He complimented me, shook hands in the most friendly way, and suggested a little mild sparring to-morrow. I cannot tell you how much his frankness and manliness touched me.' 'Yet you contemplate leaving him to certain ruin, just when you have probably secured both respect and liking.' TO BE CONTINUED. 