THE MELBA DIVORCE SUIT. THE HISTORY OF THE CASE. A London press correspondent writes A great deal of sensational nonsense has, no doubt, been cabled to Australia during this last week concerning the Armstrong divorce suit. The plain truth is said to be as follows: -When Mr. Armstrong came from Australia Madame Melba made a desperate attempt to live with him. His tastes and habits were entirely antipathetic to her! Still she tried, as she explains, to be once, and for a short time life ran fairly smoothly with the reunited people. When, however, the novelty of being a great prima donna's husband were off, Armstrong constantly, she alleges, ill-treated her. Poor Melba endured it as long as she could, bating the fuss and scandal of legal proceedings. But seven or eight weeks ago things came to a crisis, and Mrs. Armstrong instructed Malleson ft Malleson, her solicitors, to file a petition for judicial separation on the ground of cruelty. Armstrong has retaliated with a petition for divorce, making the Duke of Orleans doors spondent. This is really, Melba's friends say, a piece of the merest brag. They know the truth about the Duke. In pure selfish thoughtlessness he compromised her abomin- ably in public. There, however, the matter ended. Armstrong knows-nobody better that he has not the ghost of a chance of proving adultery. Melba is a passionless woman, wrapt up in her art. All her life, all her energy, all her all are in it. The young duke's adoring admiration tickled her vanity at first. He followed her about everywhere, listening to her lovely voice with hungry ears, and snapping up greedily any kindly word she threw at him. Most prima donnas are troubled with a follower or followers of this description. If the young man had not been the Duke of Orleans no one would have noticed him. At Vienna madam received the duke at her hotel occasionally, and let him escort her once to the opera when she was not playing. This evening's entertainment was a serious indiscretion from an Austrian point of view, and led to scandal. The Imperial family formed the worst conclusions on seeing the pair together in public, and it is alleged that when they came to the front of the duke's box, the ladies of the court withdrew. When Melba learnt the significance placed on this incident she was greatly annoyed, and upon the duke following her to St. Petersberg she got the Czar to intervene and order him off. The young man seemed bent, however, on playing the fool, and presently actually ventured to Paris to see and hear the prima donna. The absurd. stories were current at this time. One paper declared the duke was in Melba's house disguised as butler ; another that she had concealed him in her boudoir. When, however, the police actually did pay madame a domiciliary visit they found not an indication of his royal highness having been there. The sole suspicious fact was that Melba declined to say whether she had or had not seen her friend in Paris. Armstrong has had two detectives and a solicitor rummaging in Vienna for the last fortnight, but without much result. The allegation! in the petition is that Melba committed adultery with the Duke of Orleans in Saehzer's Hotel, Vienna, on February 20, the latter figuring as M. de Villiers. The proprietor, according to Armstrong, admits Melba came there, but blandly denies she was accompanied by the Orleanist prince. The Duke of Orleans was warned ten days or more ago that an attempt was about to be made to serve him with a citation as co-respondent in the divorce suit, and his servants have been on the alert for suspicious strangers. At St. Johann, in Moravia, where the prince was staying with Baron Hirsch, several stratagems were tried fruitlessly. On Wednesday morning, however, as he arrived at Vienna, his Royal Highness got neatly caught. Two gentleman in evening dress asked leave to present a bouquet and a petition as the duke stepped from the railway carriage. He handed the flowers to a a secretary, and opened the petition, which was neatly tied with ribbon. No sooner, however, did Victoria, by the grace of God," reach his eye, than be realised what had happened, and flinging the papers from him, cursed the rapidly retreating form of the process server with fluency. It subsequently transpired Armstrong claims £20,000 damages. Melba's fate now, to a great extent, depends on the , reality of her royal friend's friendship. if he, submits himself to the ordeal of the witness ' box, all will be well. If, however, his royal highness is too lazy, or too proud to do so the jury will almost certainly charitably assume the worst. A gossip reminds me that it was in consequence of a breach of etiquette at a State concert that the duke was obliged to leave St. Petersberg. After Melba sang the prince was so enraptured that he led the applause instead of waiting for the Czar to do so. His Majesty ordered him out of the room forthwith, but he ignored the Imperial message till one of the grand duchesses came and implored him not to make a scandal. Next day he was requested to leave Russia. In the Italian Opera Company at present in London are many artists who know Melba and sympathise with her in her present trouble. None of them for a moment believe her to have been guilty of anything worse than indiscretion in her friendship for Prince Louis. An absurd story appeared in last evening's papers to the effect that the trial would take place in Melbourne. Need- less to say, as proceedings have been lost mended in the English Courts the case will be tried in the English Courts. On du in Vienna that the Duke of Orleans is intensely chagrined at having been successfully served with a * citation. His scheme was to avoid service indefinitely, and thus render Armstrong's malice abortive. Now the prince is on the horns of a dilemma, and either horn means scandal. The New Zealand Herald understands that the Bank of New Zealand Estates Company are now completing all the necessary ar- rangements-a no mean task considering the magnitude of the interests involved-and intend to place upon the market at public auction in March or April next, a number of the most valuable landed properties in Canterbury, Otago, and Marlborough. These, which include some of the finest wheat growing and pastoral lands in those provinces, comprise in the aggregate an area of over 300,000 acres, consisting of 140,000 acres of freehold and 193,000 acres of lease- hold land, carrying at the present ' time 212 000 sheep. This number, vast though it be, does not, however, represent the full sheep carrying capacity of the properties. If developed and improved to their legitimate extent the number could easily be increased by the addition of from 75,000 to 100,000. In addition to this a considerable area is in grain crops. Birkwokam is about to add, says a London journal, a magnificent supply of pure water to its other triumphs of municipal government, and the other day a scheme suggested by the water committee was passed by the city council, and will be presented for the approval of the ratepayers. Like Liverpool, Birmingham is going to Wales for its water. It proposes to buy the rivers Elbe and Class wen, in Mid-Wales, some 80 miles from the Midland capital, rivers with a watershed some 46 000 acres in extent and to form a great artificial lake. The principal dam will be built at Nant G wilt, just below the confluence of the stream! at a height of 800ft. above the sea. The lake thus constructed will be over three miles in length, with an area of 40 acres, and a total capacity of 7540 million gallons. This is but one reservoir out of a possible five not all of which, however, will be wanted at the outset. The water will reach the town by nine miles of tunnel, 35 miles of ' out and cover' conduit, and 35 miles of iron pipes. The ultimate cost will be about ¿5,500,000, but only some 23,00 000 will have to be spent on the works which are needed to give all the water required at present. Wales has been always noted as one of the few mountain countries that do not abound in lakes. It looks as if the hand of man were going to be called in to redress the balance, and to give her a series of artificial Grasmere and Dar went waters." Fob a variety of reasons, electric lighting has made comparatively little progress in London. When the practicability of the electric light was first established (says the Evening Standard), there was a general rush to utilise the new wonder, and the abolition of gas for lighting purposes was regarded as a mere question of time-of, indeed, a very short time ; but expectation was disappointed. It is a curious fact that in many provincial places, and in numbers of small foreign towns, the electric light is far more common than it is London, a city which its inhabitants look upon as the pioneer of every good thing. On the 15th October, however, a meeting was held in the city with reference to electric lighting, and it appears that the heart of London will soon be illuminated by electricity. Provisional orders have been granted by Parliament to the Eastern, Western and Central districts. The Post Office, the Mansion House, the Guildhall, and many less famous institutions are to be thus lighted and it is anticipated that before the end of the year, private lighting on a small scale will be begun. By- the end of next year those interested in the new system-if after all this time electric lighting should be described as new-believe that their preliminary labour, the bringing of electricity to the doors of those who of care to employ it, will be fully accomplished. 