ST. ELOQUENT SERMON BY THE BEY. P. PHELAN ON THE DEATH 03? CARDINAL MANNING. At the morning service of.the above church the Rev.... i J?a1;her "Plieloii preached a very eloquent ^sermon, ,takmg...for his teit " Behold a great high priest who in his time pleased God and was found just," which; was most appropriate to the present occasion. The rev. gentleman referred to the. great blow which England received by the death of the heir. presumptive, rafter- which he dwelt at considerable lehgblr on the loss which Englishmen and Catholics have sustained by the death of Cardinal Manning. During the past week the unrelenting hand of death has left a void in many hearts, and lias taken to its irrevocable bosom some who seemed destined to play an important part in their generation, and some who played that part long and played it nobly.. To-day a cloud of universal sorrow hangs' over the British; Empire, to-day a thousand pens and a thousand tongues arouse sympathy in the minds of British subjects,-for. the loss in the Royal family—for the'death of the heir presumptive, under distressing circumstances, in the prime of life, with bright prospects and a great future opening out before him. But "while we offer tlie poor tribute of our sympathy to the sorrowing friends of .the late Prince, we would be unworthy of our position and ungrateful Catholics did we not turn our attention to ! lie mortal remains of one who now lies in stale at Westminster—one who closed hie eyP-3 in death three hours before the Dulce of Clarence.—a man to whom those words of the Holy Ghost may be applied, " Behold a great High Priest who in his time pleased <lj>d and was found jusV—the illustrious Ordinal Maiming. In looking over the career of Cardinal Manning another great Epglish churchman naturally rises before oilr view—Cardinal Newman, so like in many respects, yet so different. Both were born in the first decade of the present century, both died in the last decade: both sons of non-Catholic parents ; botli distin- guished Oxford students ; both ministers of the Church of England, both died Cardinals of the Catholic Church. Henry Edward Manning was son of a London merchant and was born in 1808. In his 22nd year he had passed successfully with distinguished honours through the great seat of learning . the University of Oxford. In due time he was ordained minister of the Established Church, and on account of liis great learning and fame as preacher he was appointed to succeed Newman as preacher in the University. To understand fully the step which he afterwards took, we must picture to ourselves the church movement which commenced in England about 1S33, when Manning was in his 25th year and that movement is known as the " Tractarian Movement ! About that time l-hcrc were connected with Oxford some of the greatest minds England lias ever produced—a body of men remarkable for their vast learning, their great piety, their profoundly religious ('mi of mind. And the leading light, the gaming star of that band was John Henry Newman. Those men saw the dangers which were then threatening the Church of Euglaud, they saw her day by day becoming more and more a department of the State, professing a State-made doctrine, depending upon the decision of a Lord Chancellor who might be an Infidel or a Freethinker. From the contemplation of those dangers sprang a desire to revive the authority of the Church; to quicken her with a new vitality ; to vindicate what they considered the real mission of the Church of England. With this object in view a series of tracts were written by those eminent scholars— Pusey, Neplu and Newman—defending the doctrines of the Anglican church and claimi ng for her an aspostolic origin. This movement continued with ever increasing energy for years, and during the examination the Church of England appeared to Newman in her real light, not as the church of the apostles but simply the church of the lGth century reformers. His religious mind was alarmed. He could not believe in a world without a church, nor in a church unless she were the voice of God—the Church of the Apostles. During Ins life if he entertained bitterness against any institution- it was against the Koman Church. To his not to visit the Eternal City—"I have always hated Rome so much that seeing her cannot make me hate her more." He now turned to that enemv for consolation He examined her teachings, as onlv his great mind could, and compared them with the writings of the Fathers in every century from ijt. LiEoun m the ISth. back through St. Thomas in the 13th, St. Augustine in the 5th to St. Ignatius m the 2nd. He now found Ins ideal church, one venerable in her antiquity, invested with .the same power as the apostles had, and exercismg-that power with the same steadv and uncompromising spirit. And having found that Ohurcb of the Apostles which is spread out into every land, which had triumphed over a thousand revolutions, which exhibits so awful a unity, so mysterious a vitality, he was not slow to recognise her as the Bible of the Lamb and the representative home of cliristiauity His mmd was quicklv made up. Neither his great name nor Ills recognised position as leader, not his dearest friends could keep him from the Catholic Church when truth impelled him there. With one bound, then, into the cause of Rome his giant intellect, Ills mighty genius and the vast storehouse of his. knowledge. Newman and a host of others abandoned 1 the establishment in 1844 Manning was then Archdeacon of Gliiches. tor. He did not come over "tyitli Newman He belonged to Pusey's party, "who still thought that by introducing, more ritual' ; and ceremonial into the .Anglican churcli" / they could make her look like the "ancient church.. He could not see tile" claims of the Roman church from a historical point of view as did Newman..- But- grace was still working in his soul, and God had intended lum for His own. He asked himself the question. AVhat church was the ' Hoi* Giiost guiding ? for .that spirit was promised by Chrjst-to his Apostles to reniaiii with Jier for ever to guide and direct her in all her ways. While thus m doubt a'case. was' discussed by the church authorities, which, speedily-decided Manning's'course. It'is known as the •'• Gorham Case,'' and iB biueiV this. ; The-authorities ' were .'asked'-':' could s minister continue-to draw las salaiy'froir the Church of England and minister *o"~th'e' people TOthoutibehemg lii thejiecessity of baptism which is insisted on in the thirtynine articles—the fundamental.feis iu of ! the" Anglican doctrine ? The council derided in favour of freedom-of opinion, that a minister could teach the necessity or. non-jieeessisy oi baptism as liepleased; : -\ •ThiSstiing Man mg to the i erj quick If, aid he, Christ hasuisistedin lihemostomphaticterm* on the ,nece,„ity;of;bstptioin an&Alie;? Ghw><3ii. oiEngknd«anthorities}decide^ (Wn.that :churcli.'be.rtbeinstitutionof Ghmt r or' be utidei the guidance of the Holy Sp rit' A 3s en man had done ix ^ear before JSI n iimg now i uined to Rome The eiy claim of xnf llibihty of the G tholic hurch whieh lepelled many le eL nnndb *n the vei "thing which attracted Manning and "-will aluaj s fascinate groat minds who realise the my tenes iihieh surround us m thi woild i ometlung beautifully touching 111 the ay w Inch planning yielded Justi hole elf to the direction of the Catholic Clmch Lite child wio has lost it waj iii;" the.* AlHine heiglits give -its liandTOUmglytoane pen euced guide, and a k to be led to safety "so did Mailmng gi\ e himself up to -that irifalli Me guide of souls ami say Leaflme the-w ay •that St Ihonias of-Aguianotrdd , .guideline in the load." that -St^AuguEfcme^valked direcfrmj 3'eP^Si the footsteps of the^Apo tie Tasep jne mjthe pa^yhiiclff Ghust Jks mariccdo to life eternnk- the fap^wh'tpji lie'tori3r»-fi.om-.<ihe e ®bTisB_ ment..,i"ostlie CaJholi6/chuicli ^'But'theie'ea'n be no 'thfferehce..of-opmiom"as .to'ftligtepirit^fe -ne.f-b.icinice iji .whichiMiat Mejj.-w;.-;, xai.-rii • He h^io^mg^o^gain^cHe^iaa^uctf^o lo ej dear'tg^^ojtgambi^ii of-!3gr ^amlS. days.sick.;..^f celebrated Ms last Mass. His faithful flock saw for the last, time his aged -ionri•. bowed and bent with the weight of years, his lteenjeagie;! eves, his cMtn 'confeniplatiye faca through which the storms ' arid" cares of . eighty-: four winters haid furrowed, many, a wrinkle. On Wednesday, last he was sinking fast. The Pope being informed of his condition, •seiit/by cable;3us 1 'Apost0lic^^ Thursilay morning, pillowed in the arms_ of the Arclibifeliop' of Salford, after receiving: the last Sacraments of the Church/ lie loved so Avell and served so faithfully, .the",j^re'-'iui<l upright priest' of (^^.^^ininient'^il^lie, :i;li'e; scholar; .tlie prcacher, passed away ; the •great and good soul, ripe iii "years and rich in virtues, was called to his everlasting reward; Iu his death England lias lost a noble son,, andIreland' a sincere friend • and .ardent admirer. ' Though -ah Euglishinan to " tlie. heart's core, he was of that broad-minded • class who sympathised with the sister'-isleViniher; suffering. The most advanced of tlie 3rish~Bish"ops—DM. Groke and Waist—found .akindred spirit iu the.English Cardinal.: .in. this, too, he resembled' Cardinal Nfewiiiaii, who, looking towards the Green Isle, wrote, . thus:—" I look towards aland both old and young ; old in its Christianity, young in the prospect of its future; a nation wliiph received grace before :the. Saxon 1 set. foot on Britain, and never quenched it; a clrarcli which comprehends in its history the rise and . fall, and Canterbury and York ; a people which had a long night, and which win have an inevitable day." The poor working man of every creed has lost in Cardinal Manning an able guide, a great ecclesiastic with clearness of vision undimmed by selfishness, with the possession of true principles, and with courage to work them out in bettering his condition. To the so-called man of science his life must be a living reproach. Men who think that science is incompatible with velation, must they not stop and pause and ponder before that great man, whose simple faith in the spiritual they cannot view with the same contempt they might feel for lesser intellects. To earnest-minded Christians, good- living Protestants, who by God's scrutable ways are permitted to. remain outside the fold, his actions and life must bring, seriousreflection. They must ask themselves what is there in that church to whose paramount and exclusive claims Manning adhered, and in which he found that rest and peace which the world and its institutions cannot give ? The rev. gentleman concluded with the following eloquent peroration :—In looking back on the character of Cardinal Manning, and determining the niche in the temple of fame in which his statue shoul 1 stand, we naturally compare him with other great and illustrious men. Putting him beside the ancients, we would say that his mind was not unlike St. Augustine's; while in tireless energy aud unceasing labour he closely resembled Rt Ignatius of Loyola, with a gentleness manner approaching St. Philip Neri. Com paring him with other great Englishmen, w would say, as a statesman holding a prestige in the House of Commons unknown since the days of Pitt and Fox, Mr. Gladstone is second to none. As a giant of intellectual greatness, a leader of religious thought, an ecclesiastic profoundly learned, one worthy to stand amoiig the fathers of the best "eyes of the Churcli, Cardinal Newman holds the first place. As a great public mail, a true philan thropist, a man who while he repelled none; drew after him the hearts of many, a prelate-statesman, filled at once with the spirit of religion and the love of his fellowbeings, Cardinal Manning had no equal, rival) in the nineteenth century. Such i meagre outline of, and a few thoughts the life of that great man, whose life w stilleid in death on Thursday morning, looking back at his character we behold what great tilings one man intensely in earnest caudojn a lifetime. Can we. look back on his;"cfireei'. and not feel our hearts tjurtiing within 'us to do something in bur day and generation before we pass into the house of our,"eternity. From our heart of hearts we say, may he rest in -peace; may his spirit, which has made earth poor by its absence, speedily enrich heaven by its presence ; may the'light of his example be to us a guiding star ; mav his active and saintlv life be to our religious sloth a spur, to our sinfulness a softening reproach ; may we mutate him m setting. a,proper_value on the goods of this "•\orld. which.we^nu^t.^oon "loi^e. ;m<l ni Tinthouse .of eternity, where rust and moth consume not. and thieves do not -break through" to steal. 