CHRISTIAN CONVENTION IN THE CENTENARY BALL. A convention for the deepening of the spiritual life, held under the direction of a committee representing the various churches in Sydney, was opened yesterday morning in the Centenary Hall. There was a large attendance, consisting chiefly of ladies. The Rev. G. C. Grubb presided, and there were also on the platform the Revs. R. Bavin, J. W. Holden, J. D. Langley, Wm. Scott, W. G. Taylor, T. B Tress, J. Austin, and J. Hill. In the afternoon and evening there were also present the Revs. J. East Harrison [Ballarat), Dr. Porter (Ballarat), and John Watsford (Melbourne). The meeting opened with prayer, after which was sung the hymn " Jesus, There all-victorious love." Further prayer led by the Rev J. W. Holden, was followed by the hanging of the hymn, " Search me, O God." The Rev. G. C. GnuBi» said he had just received a telegram from Coy Ion from the Christian Convention which had concluded in Condy on the previous day. The message was-" Joel, chapter u , 23rd to 26th verses." After reading the section referred to, he said it generally fell to the lot of the president to make a few introductory remarks about the object of the meetings. He would therefore try and tell them the reason of their being brought together. He would found his remarks on the 90th Psalm, 3rd verse " Turn us again, O God, and cause Thy face to shine, and TWO shall be saved." In the 7th and 10th verse they found the same prayer, and it was that threefold prayer that they would consider that morning. If they only learned how to pray that prayer properly, he could promise them a most soul-stirring convention they needed that prayer, for in the Church to-day there was strife among themselves, and they were a cause of laughter to their enemies. Their enemies laughed among themselves, and had very good reason to laugh. Any sensible man ought to laugh at the condition of the Church to-day, that was to say, a man who did not know Christ. The mann he did not know Christ opened his Bible, and saw most wonderful pro- mises of power, purity, and peace promised to the children of God. And. looking into the garden, where there should only be beautiful flowers, he saw nothing but a collection of noisome weeds. Now, that convention had been brought together that the Christians present might humble themselves before their God and show the power of Christ. There -a was only one condition for doing that, namely, that they should be brought into the light of God's countenance. indifference and obscurity had come to their lives, and they needed to be turned back again. There were four very delhi i to effects which always took place when a believer was brought into the light of God's countenance. The first effect was set forth in the 90th Psalm and 8th verse. We Saw sin where we never saw it before. What they once called infirmity, they now called sin, and ceased to make excuses for it. There would be no blessing in the convention unless they began by a thorough cleansing from sin. The second effect was found in Proverbs xvi, 15th verse, " In the light of the King's countenance is life " It was the communication of new life to the believer's heart. The special object of the convention was the reception of abundant life by believers. The third effect was referred to in the 84th Psalm, 15th verse, " Blessed is the people that know the joyful trumpet, they shall walk, O Lord, in the light of Thy countenance." The trumpet referred to was the Jubilee trumpet, and it proclaimed release from all bondage and debt. What a splendid thing for some of the business men of Sydney if a jubilee trumpet blow ' What a release it was to the soul to feel that its burden of sin and the awful debt it on ed to its God was gone for ever, and that the trumpet had proclaimed release ! The fourth effect was found in the 46th Psalm, 3rd verse. Joshua conquered the land of promise by walking in the light of God's countenance. The fourth effect, then, was that it gave perpetual victory. The hymn, " Out of my bondage, sorrow, and night, was sung. the Rev. T. B. TRESS addressed the meeting, taking as his text, Exodus xxxiii., 18th verse " I beseech Thee to show me Thy glory. He asked if that player of Roses was the prayer of everyone in the conven- tion that day, and on receiving a reply in the affirma- tive from the audience, he said they were going to see in a very special manner at that convention the glory of the Lord, i The Rev Mr. Tress led in prayer, and the chorus " Grace there is my every debt to pay " was sung. The Rev Mr. Gunn announced that prayer meetings would be held from 7 till a quarter to 8 in the mornings of Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday. The morning session closed with prayer. The afternoon session, which was crowded, opened at 3 o'clock with the singing of the hymn, " Like a river glorious," and prayer led by the Rev. J. East Harrison (Ballarat). The hymn " What a friend we have in Jesus" was sung, and the Rev. Mr Grubb read the 46th Psalm. The Rev Dr. PonTEtt (Ballarat) spoke upon the objects of the convention He said they were met together in the name of God to have God talk to them about the deepening and quickening of the Christian life. The by an, "born thine, O Lord, I have heard Thy voice " The afternoon session concluded with prayer, led by the Rev. John Watsford and others. In the evening, when the proceedings opened at half-past 7, the whole building was crowded to the doors, there being fully 2000 present, and an overflow meeting had to be held in the basement in conjunction with the main meeting. The session opened with the singing of the hymn, 'Tell Salvation! Full Salvation !" the Em. E. Bivm led in prayer. The Rev Mr. Gunn addressed the meeting, taking as his text Honour, chapter x., 12th verse, " Break up your fallow ground, for it is time to seek the Lord, till he come and rain righteousness on you." There were two sides to every truth, and if not united our spiritual experience would be lopsided. If they did not turn the case it would be too much done on one side and not enough on the other. That was the way with a great many Christians They were burnt brown on one side and undertone on the other That convention was gathered together in order to rectify lopsided experiences, so that Christians might get done on both sides They were going to emphasise the truth, that it was time for them to seek the Lord. He did not address these words to the unconverted, but to the converted. They must seek the Lord until he came and rained down righteousness on them By seeking the Lord they would be saved from temptation and evil, and would get strength for the battle of life The hymn, " Jesus, three all-victorious love," was sung, after which The Rev. Mr HAIUUSOV addressed the meeting. He said the object for which they had come together in that convention was twofold. They desired first of all to gain some fresh knowledge as to how they might be the present life in such a way as to be pleasing to God, how to be holy, knowing that He was holy and in the first place they do sired to go back on the old Pentecost! experience, and ask whether the gift of the spirit bestowed in pentecost nos truly understood by the Church to-day, and v> whether they rightly understood their glorious privileges, and truly exercised that faith by which the spirit would come to dwell in them. He proceeded to enlarge on the first part of the object of the convention, and in doing so he asked whether the Christian Church was true to the words "You cannot serve two masters, God and Mammon." There were multitudes of Christians who were giving that command the bo, and the world saw it and laughed The Christian Church to-day was doing an extraordinary thing. It was say ing JESUS Christ was its great exemplar, and yet endeavouring, as long as the lives of its members lasted, to do the very thing He commanded them not to do. The righteousness the Lord required was the righteousness of absolute abandonment. If they doubted the meaning of the words, let them ask some sheen d worldling, and he would soon tell them the meaning. The hymn " God loved the world of sinners lost was sung. The Rev. John WATSFORD spoke a few words. He said he was glad to be at the convention. It did him good, and made his heart rejoice. He was only an old worn-out Methodist preacher, but during many months of illness he had been brought very near to God, and he had resolved to persevere as far as he had strength to go about preaching full salvation, and urging people to be filled with the Holy Ghost If they were not everyone of them filled with the Holy Ghost that night it would be their own fault. The Holy Ghost was given, and it was for them to receive it. The hymn "All my doubts I give to Jesus " was sung, after which prayer was offered up, the Rev. Messrs. Watsford and Grubb leading. The meeting concluded with the benediction, pronounced by the Rev. John Watsford. Dr. Porter presided at the overflow meeting. After prayer the 9th Psalm was read, and Mr. Millard addressed the meeting, taking as his text the 29th Psalm, 9th verse. The rest of the time was spent in consecration The meeting closed with prayer and the benediction. Dr. Gault's scientific expedition to Madagascar has thrown some light on the inhabitants. The prevalent types of the negro and the Malay, the first predominating among the Sakalaves of the west coast, the second among the Hovas or Mermas of the centre of the island and the middle of the east coast. But there also exist populations consisting of a mixture of these races, and also the primitive and, perhaps, aboriginal types of the island, who are called Vazunbas. Settlers such as Arabs, Hindus, Chinese, and Europeans have also added to the variety of races to be found there. The negro type approaches closely to that of East Africa, of which the Zulus and the Kaffirs are the best representatives , but there are also Ethiopians and Somalis. The Malays are of different types, and it is probable that before the arrival of Hovas about the tenth century other Malay races had already found their way into the country. Some of the types are akin to the Tagalie se of the Philippines, others to the Dyaks of Borneo and the Battles of Sumatra. The Hova tongue is similar to that spoken in Madura on the north coast of Java. The Hovas represent the Malay type in its purer form, because of their more recent arrival in the island. The Vazimbas, app rontly of negro origin, are represented by the Sake slaves in the V alloy of Manambolo. The pigmies of " Time," reported by MondaY of in 1768, have not been traced at all by modern travellers. Epps's COCOA -Gn«.Tnrui, AIF Companies.-" By a thorough knowledge of the natural laws which govern the operations of digestion and nutrition, and by careful application of the fine properties of well-selected Cocos, Mr Epps has provided our breakfast tables with a delicately flavoured beverage which may save us many heavy doctors bills. It is by the judicious use of such articles of diet that a constitution may be gradually built up until strong enough to resist every tendency to disease Hundreds of subtle maladies are floating around us ready to attack wherever there is a weak point We may escape many a fatal shaft by keeping ourselves well fortified with pure blood and a properly nourished frome" Civil Service Gazette. Made live with boiling water or milk. Sold only in Jib. packs grocers, labelled thus-James linseed Co., _taaojo_«t Chemist, LQnaa_,-r_ABTT_ 