THE BARBER'S GHOST. br idl Night was coming on apace; a piercing m, east wind wihlly scattered before it the all thick flakes of snow, which were descend- fo ing so as complutely to obliterate all traces in of the path thirough a lonely moor, over th SWhich a traveller was journeying, with he the hope of reaching a village, where he th intended to remain for the night.: He a was an entire straiger.iin those parts, and such was the niature of.the country that;. r iindei tie miost favourable circumstan co She would have experienced some diti th in threading the mizes' of the wi to tiictflh had to traverse. i au In this dilenmma,as his only res. he committed himself to tho.'guidatl t `his horse, concluding that the iustit la r the noble animal was riinich better ad re to the emergency than his wncreas... b wildered as it was. The: th gacious creature fullyjamL .. -. eo . - deuce reposed in hint; hlie pursued' t course steadily, but cautiously, and in few hours the traveller, to his indescrib- re able joy, discerned a faint glimmering ti light in the horizon. 3'. ytliis tiin-iiw-iwas almos anlicicle, . 'bianb-wfrzfen so ,i tt'othe sadle that 5 horse and rider, like the fabled centaur, v formed one body. The noble brute to b whose superior sagacity, a "lord of the w creation," on this occasion, was indebted of for his safety, continued to pursue his course, until at length the traveller, more p ldead than alive, arrived at a venerable , and spacious-looking mansion, which ap- w peared to have been in former days a it castle, as some of the battlements, the moat and the gothic gateway were still re- T maininug. "1 However, as lights appeared in the win dows, and-sounds of revelry were, heard from within, the stranger did not hesitate a to avail himself of the knocker to an- ci nounce his arrival; and after a short in- h terral, the door was opened. Judge his surprise and satisfaction at finding himself ushered into a spacious area, the seene, probably, in ancient days, of tilts and tournaments, but which had by modern improvement been converted d into a stable yard, for the accommodation b of horses. Some parts of the castle itself o -for such it was-were transformed into , comfortable accommodations for travel- f lers. many of whom were now safely d1 housed, secure from the pelting of the pitiless storm. - t Our traveller was with difficulty de- d tached'from his horse, and was shown into t the spacious kitchen, in the ingle nook of t which.ne was thawed down to his natural shape and dimensions, intnot before his r grotesque Appearafice had aflbrded amplo e merriment to the guests who were.ca tousing there. As our guest was- wag. a and a humorist, he avowed to himself that lie would be even with them for ther th mis-r mis timed jokes ; and il was as good as his word, as you will see. ' . After paying a visit to his trusty steed, and seeing him well fed and foddered, ihe inquired of the landlady.if he could be ac- t commodated with a bed for himself ; but f what was his vexation on lhearingthat the i rooms were all engaged, except one apart ment into which no traveller ever chose to enter, as it was reputed to be haunt-ed by the spirit of an unfortunate barb c who had cut-his throat there some, thr,.g * weeksbefore; since which catastrophl the 'ii Sroobmlasr:gardil w ithliib''oiich 1 iii ' cd thatiiot aservant in the hoiuse 'oI'. beo a persuaded to enter it. . - e Our traveller was not aman to he ;erri- f fled by the idle fears of ghosts ; and as it was out of the question to budge that c night, he expressed his determination to t sleep in the haunted chamber, and q t thought which crossed his mind confirmed a his resolution. The difficulty was to pre. V vail upon the servants to enter the room to make a fire and prepare a liedl but by dint of a certain argument the traveller persuaded .them to enter in a V body, heading and encouraging them him- 1 self. At length, everything was arranged 1 for the accommodation of the rash and presumptuous stranuger, as he was con sidered by everyone in the house, from the landlord to the boots. t Our traveller, after partaking of a i hearty supper, ordered his bottle and . pipe to he carried up-stairs, observing that 1 it was his intention to sit up awhile to await the coming of the spirit, and to question himn about the dreadfill secret t that preyed upon his mind and prevented him-from resting quietly in his grave. : The landlady, who admired the courage of her guest, while she regretted his rash ness, Lbade him "Good night," with " HIieaven bless you, sir," which she uttered in a tone of misgiving rather -than hope, as ifshe doubted whether she would ever see him again. Our traveller lighted his. :pipe cand awaited the issue very composedly,. The' clock struck twelve, the high-., change hour of ghosts. but no spirit. ap peared. The storm had now increased to.. a perfect hurricane, and the guests seemed : resolved to sit it out, as they had formed': themselves into a party at hazard:- Our traveller had, dur;ng the night, heard fre quent allusions made to himself, some of the company wondering what would be come of him when the castle bell should y toll one, which was the signal for the ghost o to appear. This was news for our tra veller which lie did not fail to turn to im mediate advamntage, by setting about his preconceived design of acting the part of ghost himself. W\ith this view, lie converted one oh his sheets into a very appropriate spectral S rol;be, around his ineck hlie tied a red garter, Y to represent the wound inflicted by the deceased'barber on his throat. A piece of iuruit cork enabled himu to disgui-e his f.ace anid sender it sulliiently hideous; and, to crown all. a nighlt-capi withl a large tassel, withi deathl's head aindl cross-boues a represented in fr'ont by mue mu of the aforesaid burnt cork. It was now loil the stroke of one; and, as if to second his views, the comnpanly were just tihen intent on thci. game' ; tihere was niot a minute to 1e lost: something, however,; wvas neleedd S to comupleto his costume. lie thought r- thle :pirint of the barber could niot be miore appi opriately equipped tlhau with a razor Lo il one lhanL andul a shaving-box in the Sother. Iiis portmanteau soon suppliedl r these requisite appendages, when it sud a detyul occuirred to him that it would . greatly heighten the eitect if huilruing ,pirit welre ubstituted for the ordinary S latiher. 'hle ciremnant in the bottle readily frnished him wVitlh the inflammable nlather. Conceive him ready for action, ' awasiting ie awful signal from the castle t turret. It sounded at length, and our ghiost, ho laviug lighted up the ethereal contents of hw is lathler-box, stalked out of the room withi a heavy tread. The stranige solund i and the ominous toll of the bell instantly o hue ail ctd to all noise andl revelry amonlgst , the terrilied gamhulers. With one kick tihe spectre forcedl openl the dloor, anl pre secitetl himself to thie hiorror-stricken conm pany. Thie ghost ldeemed it prudent not to illow themi to rally their senses; but as a clinmax to the scene, holding the razor in one hand and the shaving box in the other, ii a deep, hollow voice, said, "Will you be shaved 1" \- There is something sufficiently disa greeable in the sight of a naked razor brandished in a menacing attitude, btut the idea of being shaved by a ghost, and brushed with inflammable lather, is too, much for human nerves. The company.. all rose in an instant ; and, as there was fortanately a back door in the room lead. ing to the kitchen stairs, through that they precipitated themselves. necks and v heels, never stopping until they- reached - the bottom, where they lay sprawliingin s speechless terror. i Meanwhile the ghost was not idle; his robe served as an apron, into which ihe collected all the money on the table: [le'', then extinguished the candles and ietired to his room, chuckling at the coinplete success of his scheme. How the routed guests recovered from ..their fright would be superfluous to re late ; suflice it to say, that at last they retired in fear and trembling to their beds, without once thinking of the money they had left behind them, in the apart rent where the ghost so unexpectedly in terruptcd their revelry. The next morning our traveller in "ain rang his bell for the waiter; not a soul in the house dared answer thesumnuons; and when lie at length made his appearance below, all- esomtl-to" shrinlk from nhis pre sence as if it were a second supernatural visitation. Ile called for his breakfast, , but no breakfast was forthcoming, and he was surveyed at a distance wits glances of suspicion and dread. At length, however, he succeeded in persuading the landlady, who was a woman of good understanding, that he was the identical stranger who had slept in the haunted chianber, and that lihe was really flesh and blood, and not a ghost. This assurance he conlirmed by a cordial * shake of the hand, accompaniedi by a good natured laugh at the fears which his ap pearance had occasioned. The good lady at length summoned courage to enter into conversation with him, and inquired how he had passed the night. "Never better," was the reply. !"Did you hear nothing 1" " Nothing," he replied. "Nor see anything " . " Why, yes,". said lie, with an air of in difference ; "an iiupuleint scoundrel of a barber popped his head into may room at one o'clock in the morning, andi asked if I wanted to be shavedl. supposed the fellow was druik, and so I kicked him down stairs, and fell asleep again." As the weather continued tempestuous, the guests remained in their qul.rters to dinner :and our traveller joined "them at the table. The conversation naturally turned to the occurrence of the preceding evening; and the hero of the tale was much ainused at the different accounts given of the ghost. One insisted that it was that of the barber m?ost n:lquestiou ably, as he was very well acquaiinted with hiin. A second observedl that although he had never seen the barber while liv ing, he had seen a capital likene.ss of hlm, anld that it was as like the ghost as two peas. Another protested that the fire came from his mouth and nostrils, and thalt his voice resembled that of the un fortunate man who had comlinitted suicide in the chamber which his troubled spirit nightly revisited. At length our friend, requesting per missiolt to le heard, thus addressed the l"'.entlemen,; lov\: : °joke- as well .as , ai i? my.uui but a joke uny, .hieriaririe1: too I far; aijdstas'thjoir lief i hosts is 'as ab .surd as-it :ismischievous, I should be sorry thit we shoulhl part without an ex planation.' Behold here before you, gentle-" meri, the identical ghost that spread such consternation amongst yrou \W\heii I en tered this inn last iight you were pleased to be very merry at my expense; and as I always give a Rtolan L for aun Oliver, I vowed I would be rovenged. The idle re port of the ghost in the haunted ch:unlbe: suggested tqmrie the scheme I pra.ctised with so much success. If you doubt imy word, gentlemen, behold the money you left beiind in your hurry, an:d which L bore off with the intention of restoring to you, as I now do." As he said this, he unfolded a handker chief and deposited the golf upion the table. The explanation, accompanied as it was by the unexpected recovery of the cash, produced a universal roar of lauglhter- The guests shook the tma veilerby the hand, heartily thanking him for a lesson they should never forget to the last hour of their lives. - 