IS DEEMING "JACK-THE-RIPPER." In October, 1888, when the "Jack-the Ripper" scare was agitating London, the following appeared in the press :— "The most important clue which, has yet been discovered with regard to the perpe- trators of the inhuman murders in White- chapel came to light on Monday morning, through information given by Thomas Ryan, who has charge of the Cabmen's Reading-room, at 48 Pickering-place West- bourne Grove, W. Mr Ryan is a teetotal- ler, and is the secretary of the Cabmen's Branch of the Church of England Temper- ance Society. He has been stationed at Pickering-place for about six years, and is widely known throughout the metropolis and in the country as an earnest temper- ance advocate. Ryan, who tells the story without affectation says :— On Sunday afternoon, while he was in his little shelter the street attendant brought, a gentle- manly-looking man to him and said, "This 'ere gentleman wants a chop, guv'nor. Can you cook one for him ? He says he's most perished with cold." The gentleman in question, Ryan says, was about 5ft 6in in height, and wore an Ox- ford cap on his head and a light check ulster, with a tippet buttoned to his throat, which he did not loosen all the time he was in the shelter. He had a thick moustache, but no beard, was round headed, his eyes very restless, and clean, white hands. Ryan said, "Come in; I'll cook one for you with pleasure." This was about four o'clock in the afternoon. Several cabmen were in the shelter at the time, and they were talking of the new murders dis- covered that morning , at Whitechapel Ryan exclaimed, "I'd gladly do seven days , and nights if I could only find the fellow , who did them." This was said directly at the stranger, who, looking into Ryan's face, quietly said, "Do you know who com- mitted the murders?" and then calmly went on to say, "I did them. I've had a lot of trouble lately. I came back from India and got into trouble at once. I lost my watch and chain and £10." Ryan was greatly taken aback at the man's statement, and fancied he was just recovering from a drinking bout, so he replied, "If that's correct, you must consider yourself en- gaged." But he then went on to speak to him about temperance work, and the evils wrought by drink. Warming to his subject Ryan spoke of his own work amongst men to try to induce them to become teetotalers. Then the stranger said, "Have a drink" to Ryan, and produced a bottle from an inner pocket, which was nearly full of a brown liquid — either whisky or brandy. Ryan told him that he had better put the bottle away, as they were all teetotalers there, whereupon the stanger asked for a glass to take a drink himself, which was refused him, because Ryan said, "All our glasses are teetotal glasses." Meanwhile the chop was cooking, the vegetables were already waiting, and the stranger began eating. During the meal the conversation was kept up with Ryan and the others in the shelter, all of whom thought the man was recovering from a heavy drinking bout, and that his remarks as to his being the murderer were all nonsense. Ryan reasoned with him as to the folly of drinkingt, and at last he expressed his willingness to sign the pledge, a book con- taining pledges being shown him. This the stranger examined, and at length filled up one page, writing on the counterfoil as well as on the body of the pledger. In the hand of a gentleman he wrote the following words:— J. Duncan, doctor, residence, Cab- men's Shelter, September 30, 1888." After doing this, he said, "I could tell a tale if I wanted." Then he relapsed into silence. After a pause he went on to speak of his experiences in India, and said he knew the Rev. Mr Gregson, who was engaged in temperace work amongst the English soldiers in India, and had been for some time in Simla. He also stated that he was at Newcastle-on-Tyne before he went to India. Ryan called his attention to the fact that he had not filled in his proper residence, and the man replied, "I have no fixed place of abode at present. I'm living any where." While Duncan was eating his chop he again asked for some- thing to drink, and water was brought to him, but then he said he would have ginger beer, and when that was brought to him he filled up the glass with the liquid from the bottle he had in his pocket. "This he drank," said Ryan, "differently to what people usually drink; he literally gulped it down." In answer to further conversation abouyt teetotalism, Duncan accepted an invitation to go to church with Ryan that evening, and afterwards accompany him to a temperance meeting which he was going to hold. For that purpose he said he would return to the shelter in an hour, but he never came back. Duncan carried a stick, and looked a sinewy fellow, just such a one was was capable of putting forth con- siderable energy when necessary. The italics emphasises points of resemb- lance between the man described by Mr Ryan and the Windsor- Rainhill murderer. Deeming is "about 5ft 6in in height," he "wears a thick moustache," he is "round headed," and "his eyes are very restless;" he has travelled much, and has repeatedly spoken of having been to India; he has a habit of asserting that he has been robbed; he is a times a heavy drinker; one of his aliases is "Duncan" and he was posed as one having medical skill. Already it is whispered that a plea of insanity will be raised in defence of Williams. That he is possessed of a mania few will doubt, but that the wretched sub- ject of the direful impulse should be allowed to live longer would be little short of a disgrace to civilisation. The "legal definition" of insanity will hardly find an opponent in the present instance. If Williams was sensible enough to know the nature and quality of the acts that he was perpetrating, then he is sane according to the law. He seems to have known what he was about. Another thought that suggests itself if the disappointment that will be felt by the English police and public at the impossi- bility of trying Deeming in Liverpool for his fivefold crime at Rainhill. He can but be hanged once, and the dread penalty of the law inflicted here must end the chapter of punishment. The utmost that can be done at home is to hold an inquest and return a verdict of murder, which will pass for nothing, as though the criminal had died by natural means before his crimes had been discovered. A prisoner under arrest can be remanded to England, but a convict con- demned to death may not pass from the sheriff's hands except to the scaffold. The home courts would, under the Imperial Act of 1870, be competent to try Williams for the Windsor crime. But for such a course there is neither precedent nor necessity. The public mind to to-day must rest satisfied with the knowledge that the crime of murder is an offence against the state and not against the individual and that how- ever often it be repeated the law is but but (sic) broken once — once and for all. The policemen detailed at Rainhill for the special duty of guarding Dinham Villa at night heard mysterious noises in the house. Believing that ghosts were walking the police constables fled in dis- may. Some very interesting facts which have not been previously made public in any of the colonies have been given by the manager and secretary of the Australian Mutual Provident Society, regarding the life of the alleged murderer while in Queensland. In the month of October, 1883, Williams under the name of Frederick Bailey Deem- ing, became a member of the Rockhampson branch of the A. M. P. Society, by taking out a policy for £500. The following month he obtained another policy under the society also for the sum of £5000. On the proposal form which Deeming filled upon entering the society he gave thr place of his birth as Birkenhead, County of Cheshire, England, and the dat of his birth as July 30, 1854. At the time of obtaining the policy his age was 29 years. Under the heading of occupation or profession Deeming wrote "engineer and gasfitter," and he gave his address as St. David Cottage, East- street, Rockhampton. In reply to the query as to whether he was a married or single man he replied "Married." The numbers of the two policies were 65,078 and 65,206 respectively, the first being under the table of J — 50. The policies were to have been payable at death or at the age of 50 years. At this time Deeming stated that his life had not been previously proposed for assurance at any time, or at any other office, although he was believed by some to be assured in the Australian Widows' Fund. Deeming paid two quarters' premiums under his first policy, and one quarter's under the second. Both policies, therefore, lapsed early in 1884, as no other payments were made. On entering the society at Rockhampton Deeming, who gave his age as 30 next birthday, said he had lived in England up to three years before the date of the pro- posal, and that since then he had resided in Queensland. His height on October 18, 1883, was 5ft 6 in, and his weight 11st 10lb. Deeming underwent a medical examination on enter- ing the society, this being one of the rules with which every policy holder is com- pelled to comply, and the doctors were so satisfied with his condition both physical and mental that Deeming's life was cer- tificated as first-class at that period. He had not previously suffered any in- juries. The murderer in 1883 was not known very much by the people of Rock- hampton, but, nevertheless, two personal references were supplied by him, this being a necessity for an intending policy- holder in the Australian Mutual Provident Society. A most peculiar incident in regard to Deeming's connection with the A. M. P. Society is that th agent then acting for the society in Rockhampton, who persuaded Deeming to take out a policy, was Wil- loughby Andrews, who it will be remem- bered, deliberately shot Mr Bartlett, the well-known mercer, in King-street, Sydney, some short time ago. Andrews is now con- fined in Darlinghurst gaol, the sentence of death haying been commuted on the ground of insanity to imprisonment during her Majesty's pleasure. Deeming stated in, 1883, on entering the society, that his father was alive, his mother dead, and that he had 10 brothers and two sisters, all living at that time. Deeming's signature in 1883 corresponded almost exactly to others which have already been published. ' Mr Webster, formerly governor of the Hull gaol, where "Lawson" was im- prisoned, is now in Melbourne, and it is expected that he will be able to identify Williams as "Lawson." The Premier of Victoria has received, through his Excel- lency the Governor, a telegram from the Secretary of State for the Colonies, stating that Mr Webster, who arrived in Victoria by the R.M.S. Arcadia, will, probably be able to identify Williams as the Lawson who was convicted in 1890, and served his sentence in the Hull gaol, and if this is accomplished the prisoner's identity as the Rainhill murderer will be fully estab- lished. In reply to inquiries as to the alleged confession of Deeming, Mr Haynes, the prisoner's counsel, to- day telegraphed that the statement was "absolutely untrue." The prisoner, Mr Haynes said, "had made no statements or admissions. I have never made any communication to anyone. It is grossly unfair, and the prisoner will deny unreservedly." On Saturday, a prominent firm of solici- tors in Melbourne received a letter from Southern Cross, West Australia, signed Baron Swanston, in which the writer said that a charge of murder had been brought, against him, and asked that preparations for his defence should be undertaken. Another leading firm was consulted, but neither of them would take the matter up. Negotiations were then opened with Mr H. H. Budd, solicitor, who is at present in Adelaide, and by him the preparations for the defence will be made. Mr Purves, Q. C. has been asked to undertake the defence. 