m . .. . ? . Gossip. A Christchurch ; correspondent to a recent number of the : Queen remarks that during her travels through Australia and New, Zealand, Mrs .; Stanley .found there were no street arabs for her to. exercise her pencil upon. ' No,' she said, ' I have not seen, Bince I have been in the.colonies, any ragged waifs such as I depict in my picture of ' Heads or Tails.' In Auckland I saw some children with their little brown legs and without shoes or stockings, but it seemed to me to be more a matter of con venience than necessity. The street boys I have seen do not present that wan,' pinched look we see in England. They more closely resemble Italians, with their brilliant dark eyes. I never saw such sturdy, rosy-cheeked little fellows.: I can not help stopping them, in.' the street to look at them.' ,? Mrs Stanley, however, ex presses a hope that she and Mr Stanley may be able to visit Australasia again ' unofficially.' While in Australia she collected specimens of such plants and seeds . as may be likely to grow in the Eng lish climate, to, plant in her garden in South Wales as mementoes of her visit. 'Carmen Sylva,' writes the Pall Mall Budget,hegins her literary work before it is day. She dieturbs no one, neither his MajeBty nor ev^n a maid. She lights her own lamp, and works until the sun brings more light. Were we to cite all her Majesty's published works they would be legion, and many others remain in the sacred precincts of her boudoir. The ' Tales of the Carpathians/' the libretto of an opera, a volume of ' Thoughts,' ' Rou manian Poems,' 'Jehovah,' 'Mein Euhe,' and many others have been fully appreci ated and translated into various languages. The opera ' Neaga,' the libretto of which ?was written by ' Carmen Sylva,' was per formed with great success at Stockholm. The scene , of the opera lies in Rouniania, and convicts who are condemned to pass their lives in the salt mines are introduced. Peasant life is admirably depicted through out, and the national costumes to be worn on the stage were sent from the Elizabeth School at Bucharest. ? Appropos of the Empire gownB, which are having such a remarkable success just now, Hearth and Home illustrates a model made of rich, peau de soie, in a pale coral pint, the edge of tho skirt embroidered with pink Bilk and gold thread. The skirt is perfectly simple, the train being sup plied by a Watteau pleat from the sash. The corsage, of pink silk, is clasped with diamonds. Bound the body, under the arms, is wound an Empire Bash of magnifi cent moire ribbon, tied in a great bow in front towards the left. ' There is a lady in the United States who promises to rival our own King Henry VIII. in the number of her martial enter prises. She has just married her seventh husband, who is a brother to her firit and her fifth. The first two gentlemen died. The third had been previously married, so she relinquished him to the lady with the prior claim. The fourth was a clergyman, and his successor was the undertaker who buried him. The sixth husband divorced her when'; jhe| learned that he had had. five predecessors. The Seventh sought her out in order to make inquiries about some property belonging : to his two brothers. Being sixty years oid, Bhe is believed by her friends to arrived at almost her last matrimonial essay. ; \ «.?-.? i There is a legend (says the European' Mail) among the older ' inhabitants that the grounds of Osborne are haunted by .the ghoBt of : Sir - Eustace Mann, who once owned the manor, and is supposed to have buried treasure' here during, the Civil Wars, which he is perpetually, looking for. The ghost has not, however, been seen of late by any trustworthy witness. ! Why is it that in this age .which prides itself on being nothing if , not artistic, the demand for' such' Ja' beautiful article as Honiton lace is less than it used to be P A writer. ? in- the Saturday Review ' 'suggests that it is due' to the competition of foreign state aided lace, and to the want of origi nality in 'patterns, the lace workers in Devonshire being content with copying old Flemish or Irish lace. .The remedy pro posed is that the Devonshire County Coun cil should devote -part of the technical education grant to encouraging and im proving this local' industry, instead of de-! voting it entirely to peripatetic lectures on agricultural chemistry and mechanics. Lace -making might with advantage, be taught in schools, for it is just one-of those things which no one can learn after she is grown*' .up.-- ??;''-''!- '??'??- .??'? ???'?' : ?'?' ' -^ Wonderful are the novelties of the pre-1 sent age. The very latest, remarks' Betiuty and Fashion, is that at fashionable dinner parties -the guests are seated- at 1 small tables, and. after each course they, move on to -the next; and so rotate round their host during the meal. ;, . , . . '. !? ?'?? ' ' '???' . — ? ' ♦'?'-'. ,' , ? ?.' ; 