THE CENSURE MOTION. OPENING THE DEBATE. , 3ffr. Beid's: Ghost of a Policy. Sending, out the Tax-Gatherer. The Leader , of., the Opposition Says He Is Not Responsible for a Policy— The Premler.ln Reply— Mr. Raid's Reputation for Economy. The. debate on the censure motion was opened in the. Assembly last night im mediately after the. formal business of the House had bean disposed of. Mr.REID, who on rising was greeted with cheers, moved— l That this House, having considered the expos!- t'on of tho Unancial affairs of the country as made by tho Colonial Treasurer, and having in view tho nature of his flnanoinl proposals for tho year 1803. is of opinion that the continuance of the present Ministers in1 office is fraught with serious dangers to tho publle welfare. 2. That tho foregoing resolution bo com municated by address to his Excsllency the Governor. He said that since he had held the position of leader of the Opposition be had twice previously moved motions hostile to the Government. The first time was shortly after the Government took office, and no one would deny that ho then had a legiti mate issue. The Government then came down with a proposal to alter tho fiscal policy of the country, and was able to put forward a statement of affairs which seemed to show that "further taxation was abso lutely necessary. On the second occa sion lie thought he . was justified in taking the opinion of the House on the conduct of the Government, ' aud though, perhaps, he had not quite so clear a case as in the first, the progress of events had shown his justification. Ho had seen then that the Government would by their action land the country in a difficulty before Christmas. On the second reading of tho Appropriation Act ho took the unusual course of making a speech, pointing out on the figures of the Colonial Treasurer that a deficit, -was-, inevitable. He had been met With a savngo attack from tho Attorney-General, . but the Treasurer, who sat silent, now said it must be evident that there wus a defi ciency before tho Appropriation Act was passed. Ho gave the Treasurer credit for the candor in which ho had placed tho financial position beforo the country. The Government knew, in March tho difficulty the country would he landed in, and they had not been fair to their supporters in keeping the truth hack so long. In the interests of the country tho Government should havo faced the difficulties ut the pro per time. Coming to the present session, he condemned the Government for placing federation after the Electorul Bill, and con tended that they should have asked the House to assist them in putting the finances right. Great and urgent as federation was, it could have waited under the circum stances. Of courso it might be claimed that Ministers had acted as Ministers of days gone by had acted, but this Government came in on too high a platform to be tested as average humanity, and refuge could not be taken in the delinquencies of their predecessors. tL'hey had got a chance, because it was thought they desired to uphold the financial credit of the colony, and must be tested by their promises and performances. He threw the blame of the inconvenient time of tho crisis on the Government, who had chosen to allow matters to drift on till Decern- her 14 before die financial statement was delivered. He condonined the Government for neglecting such a measure as the Mining tin Private Property Bill, while time was de voted to shell a tncusure as tho Medical Bill. Then there was the Coal Minos Regu lation Bill, affecting the safety and lives of thousunds of- miners, in which he contended the Government had been remiss. Mr.' CRICK rose to a point of order. The motion was one dealing specifically with the financial statement. Although tho matter affected the fate of the Government, tho outside the terms of the motion. Mr. TOOHEY contended that the finan cial statement covered tho whole business of the House. Mr. REID said he was not going iDto any elaborate discussion on the provisions of any measure, or there would be a great deal in the point- raised, but contended that he could argue upon them in the manner he had done. Mr. SPEAKER ruled that Mr. Crick was generally right in the proposition he laid down. If tho resolution questioned whether the Administration possessed tho confidence of the House or country, then every possible reason for. removing the Government could bo gone over. But in the terms of tho motion the House was specifically asked to deal with the Government because oi tho financial proposals for 1893, and therefore the hon. member should not except slightly refer to these measures of legislation. Mr. REID said the next matter to which he should refer was this. There was no doubt .whatever that when the Ministry met tho House on August 30 they were aware that there would be a deficiency in the rovenuo and expenditure , tor 1892. _ He should have thought that tlio' Government, when they knew that tho finances, in spite of a large measure of taxation, were drifting into cuaos, wouiu nave given sume siigne idea of the troubles in storp. They should have taken tho House and tho country into their confidence long before December. He considered that at the end of every month a statcmont should hare been communicated to the public throuch tho press, showing the figurcB for the month. Ho would. decry any cursed policy of secrecy in connection with the finances of this colony, and if tho Govern ment were not straightforward, no matter what tho verdict of the House might be, they would suffer for it at the- hands of the .country. There Were to have been no supplementary estimates, but notwithstanding the fact that the Government had over £409,000 worth oE estimates that was now precisely tho deficiency they had landed tho country iff. In spit, e:oj. their £900,000 of now taxa tion the. Giiyerument had landed tho country in a deficiency of between £400,000 and £500,000. Tho Government would not like to have it said that it was a brilliant inspiration of a few days ago to make the Local Govern ment Bill serve the purpose for which they were now using it. This bill ought to have been introduced at an earlier period. It was stated in the Governor's speech on Augnst30 that the measure was carefully prepared, and since, as they were now told, the finances and public works of the country had to depend upon it, ho would like to know why this carefully- prepared measure was not brought on beforo the Medioal Bill. Ho had no hesitation in say- ing that there was not one independent judgment inside or outside the House but What would admit that if they were to ex pedite that bill as much as possible it could not come into operation till the end of 1S03, and yet the finances of the country were allowed to depend on snch a prospect as that. No one could even predict with any certainty that the. bill would pass at all. He contended that, politically speaking, the Government had, to save themselves, been guilty of false pretences in puttiugtheir hands in the pooketof every taxpayorinthoeountry. He alluded to a letter published in the Herald with reference to statements made by Mr. Pulsford. Mr. BARTON : It is tho chief commis sioner's letter. Mr. REID contended that the letter did not deny the allegations of Mr. Puteford. Mr. CRICK : They are insinuations against the Railway Commissioners. Mr. REID, referring to the estimates, said he hoped they would come out as the Treasurer expected, but he was afraid they would not. The imports for 1892 would be short of the previous year by £3,700,090, and it was reasonable to suppose would bo even less in 1S93, There was no man in the country who could say a single word against the Government for endeavoring to reduce expenditure. Mr. CANN : Aud did not the hon. mem- ber vote against retrenchment in every particular? Mr. REID said that when he got a pro posal to Btarve a horse in the Domain— (loud laughter)— he confessed that it , had been too much for him. He had koen, he said, nevertheless, in sympathy with the ob- jeot the retrenchment party had in view. With reference to the prospects of next year, no one would wish for party purposes to disparage them, but he thought that when they looked at the state of things which had prevailed in this and the other colonies it was absurd to expect that any thing like a boom in the revenue for next year would occur. (Opposition cheers. ) He wanted te see what the proposals for 1893 really wero, and where the retrenchment would come in. It was cleur there was a tremendousreduetion proposed. Whereas the nvran/1 i turn fr»t 1KOQ u'ntilil lin +'11 0011 OOO the amount for next year was £9,858,000. Up to to-day they had been living on boom rates. In four Ministerial '-departments there were no decreases to take place at all. The Colonial Secretary proposed a reduc tion of £50,000, made up on reducing the allowance to charitable institutions by £38,000 — (cries of " Shaino ' )— and cutting down by half this usual agricultural societies' grants. The Minister for Lands intended a reduction of £52,000 — £15,000 was taken off the rabbit vote, £15,000 for tho maintenance of public purks was wiped out, and the vote for cemeteries was abolished. The usual grant of £10,000 to buy public parks for country towns was also knocked out. All this had been going on while their vast civil service was untouched, 'Then tako ' the Mines Department. £25,000 was knocked off the prospecting vote of £45,000, and ' £10,000 was knocked off ' the agricultural schools vote. Then they came to the Roads and Bridges Department. The greatest achievement of all was evi dently in this department, a reduction of £1,025,000 being proposed. Under tho heading "Harbors and Rivers" there whs a shrinkage from £111,000 to £45,000. Tho reduction was transparently absurd. The sum for public works and buildings was reduced from £167,000 to £45,000, Mr. TRAILL : No more gaols. Mr. REID contended that tho reductions could not possibly be carried out. (Opposi tion cheers). In the estimates of public worltB for 1892 thoro was voted for roads and bridges £894,000. It might be neces sary to mako reductions, but under any cir cumstances there must be a very largo amount voted for their maintenance. The Government could as well wipe out any estimate as this. If tho Government moant to vote £600,000 it should appear on the estimates, instead of which it was only on ways and means, which could not be dealt with. He could not understand this sicken ing way of retrenching the expenditure while highly- paid civil servants' salaries were not touched. An Hon. Member : You voted against the reductions last time. (Cheers and laughter.) Mr. REID : His hon. friends opposite were continually saying that when he (Mr. Reid) was a Minister he was most cxtruva. gant. (Hear, hear.) Sir GEORGE D1BBS : I'll prove it, too, directly. (Cheers and laughter.) Mr. REID denied that he had been extravagant, and said tho whole of the estimates of the Government wore founded on a transparent juggle, and the Government know it. The £660,000 was not put upon a singlo estimate, and simply made tho Treasurer appear so much butter off than he really was. Thero was no doubt that in 1803 there would he a greater deficiency than ever, and the Premier was the person who had begun these deficienoieB. Tho first deficiency he lmd caused was no doubt due to that groat reform the stoppage or laua sates ; out since then lie iiad not facad the difficulty. Tho Parkes Government did not create deficiencies till 1801, and it was not fair to chargo to the latter year the Centonnial Park moneys. Coming to 1892, tho Treasurer expected £10,614,000, and had to announeo a deficiency of £382,000. Knowing ho had a bad year to deal with he had made a mistake of £770,000. Such a mistake was without a parallel in the history of colonial finance. The accounts for 1801) wore simply staggering. - By tho end of 1893 the Troasuror would huvo received £1,800,000 new taxation, and yet he will not have paid off a penny of tho 1801 deficit. As fur as he could see the year would oud with a worso deficiency than ho had ever heard of. The dealing with roads and bridges wus the veriest moonshine. If the Government would only oome down with something they 'should receive considera tion. Mr. HUTCHISON : What is your policy ? Mr. REID said he was not responsible for a policy, but ho thought, the time had come when the leader of the Opposition should have the manliness to express his idoa of the policy of tho country. A new Government could take tho place of the present Govern ment and see the Electoral Bill and other" bills through without causing delay. He condemned the Premier for threatening a dissolution. It had been stated that the hon. member had a dissolution in his pocket. Thero was no truth in it. If the Government had a policy they might talk of a dissolution. They could not go to the country on tho present issue. Hedid not bolievc there would bo a disso lution of the Government, but others might have something to say. about a disso lution. He twitted the members of the Government with changing from free-trade to protection, , Mr. CRICK : What about you and fede ration? (Hear, hear.) Mr. REID said ho waB not the only one. The less said about federation the better. (Loud laughter.) He thought if the Govern ment was protectionist a protectionist tariff should have been introduced. Ho promised that tho Government wonld have to go' to tho country very soon. The wealth of tho country was in a few hands, and the taxa tion on the workers. He would make these large people pay their fair share of taxation. Any Government worthy to hold their places tor an Hour in tne present difficulties must institttto a rigid system of economy, aud must send the tax-gatherer face to face with those who possessed fortunes and wealth. (Cheers, and cries of "Where's your policy?" Sir GEORGE DIBBS, who was loudly cheered on rising, Raid he had listened dur ing the time he had been a mombcr of that House — now some 20 years— to many speeches made by way of vole of censure on existing Governments, but he had never listened to a poorer speech at the hands of the leader of an Opposition than he had listened to on the present occasion. They had been sitting there since half- past 4 o'clock listening to tho dreariest and worst possible attack that had ever been made against a Government, (Cheers.) He considered the hon. member for West Macquario (Mr. Crick) had been guilty of an act of gross cruelty in preventing the leader of the Opposition from indulging in that sky rocket performance with which be started. That the hon. member should have been driven into a dreary recital of the figures of Pulsford was an insult to the intelligence of the House. There were men in tho House who could deal with-' the speech of a Colonial Treasurer, but to place such a document in the hands of the hon. member as a brief was Bimply absurd, and neither the House nor the country wonld be able to understand four- fifths of the speech the hon. member had made, and it made them feel disgusted at the idea that the leadership of a great party was placed iff the wrong hauds. The hon. member had given them a speech prepared, not by Mr. M'Millan, but by a gentleman outside the House, and he "would defy anyone to understand one conclusion- he had drawn. Tho hon. member had touched upon things of the past whioh there was no necessity for him to touch, and he should expose him. He was very unfair to the Minister for Public In struction, but ho took credit for all ho could himself get in connection with the stoppage of the auction sales of land. But the hon. member was not the reformer he would lead the House to suppose he was. The hon. member was Minister for Public 'Instruction for 12 months, and gave him '(Sir George Dibbs) the strongest help he could to create that deficit he bad been speaking of. In 1882, when Mr. Suttor was Minister for Public Instruction, the average cost per child in the public schools was £3 14s. 3Jd., but in the following year, when the hon, member occupied the position of Minister, the amount was swelled to £5 5s. 4Jd. Under the quarterly enrolment of the children in 1SS2 the cost was £4 lis. Sj:d., whilst in the followiug year, during the hon. member's tenure of office, the amount rose to £6 6s. 2d. That was higher than is had ever been before, and higher than it had ever been since, and yet tho hon. member now came to tho House to hurl the charge of creating a deficit against him. The only time the hon. mem- ber ever neia office no proven- nimseit tne most extravagant administrator of that office they had ever had. If he did that then, what would he do now with the huge economic reforms he had spoken about? The most important figure was the sum total of the expenditure of tho Department of Public Instruction during the years referred to. In 1882 the expenditure wob £615,000, but in 1SS3, under Mr. Reid, it was £821,000, or over £200,000 more than it was before. The expenditure had never reached such a sum since the hoc. member had left office. The hon. member had entirely failed in his charge. Ho was 40 per cent, more extravagant thati any M inister who had held office. In 10 years the school attendance had increased fully 40 per cent., and yot the expenditure on the estimates to day did not approach anything like what it was in 1883, when the hon. member was Minister, That was the style of economy the hon. member would practice when he again occupied the Ministerial benches. Then again the hon. member voted on every occasion last session to keep up the high salaries of civil servants, and if he took office to-morrow he would, in order to justify his aotion, have to retain thoso salaries. The hon. member had pandered to tho weakest passions of human nuture, and had endeavored to pander to every side of the House and every class of tho com munity. It was the duty of every hon. member who challenged the seats of a Government to formulate a distinot policy on the floor of tho House, and stato dis tinctly what ho intended to do; but the hon. member had not done that. The hon. member was not sincero for this reuson. Having uttered the lame cx- case for adopting federation, which wus really done for tho purpose of putting him self into lino.with the party on the cross benches that sat a long way from him ho took tho Federation Bill clause by clause and cut it into mincomeat. He said no more in tho celebruted speech against fede ration in the Protestant Hull than he did tho other night, when presumably supporting it. He had taken this courso for the purpose of patching up a vote of censure against the Treasurer, and if justice wore done tho parties to it would be proceeded against for conspiracy. The conspiracy was transparent, and the parties sitting in opposition were to be brought into line, and the Government were to be attacked for tho third time in the year. It was resolved under any circumstances that the Govern ment were to he attacked, and than followed the horribly lame attempt on tho part of the leader cf the Opposition to justify the change which had come over him by a streak of light as it were. He announced in tho most empty manner pos sible that he had become a convert to federa tion, and he (Sir George Dibbs) remarked at the time when he saw tho two uncon genial souls unite together to lecture Grovcr ' Cleveland that they had a Btorm in view. True enough thon frtllnuznrl t.hn rnnnntafinn. whioh wnn nnk t.h« result of conviction bat was made for politi cal convenience by which to endeavor to seize the Government benches from the present occupants. The hon. member (Mr. Reid) had stated that there was to he a land tax. Mr. LEYIEN : No, he dodged that. Mr. GEORGE DIBBS said lie had under stood tho hon. member to mean that. He had stated that all persons who hold largo masses of estato should be made to pay their shnre of taxation. Mr. LEVIEN : It was a sort of match box trick. Sir GEORGE DIBBS said that it seemed then as if he had been " had" by tho leader of the Opposition. Ho was giving him credit for trying to catch a certain vote. Mr. BARTON : It was a dissolving view. Sir GEORGE DIBBS said that at any rate the hon. mombcr proposed an income tux. Now, lie challenged the hon. member, who bad been a pronounced froe-trader all his lifo, and asked him if he intended to tako off tho protective duties if he got into the Government benches? Ho paused, he said, for a reply. Mr. REID: Wo will take you off first. (Great cheers and laughter.) Sir GEORGE DIBBS snid ho would ask . the hon. mombcr (Mr. Reid) ODce moro if he succeeded in his motion would ho be true to tho free-trade party, would ho do what ho asked Grovor Cleveland to do — (great laughter)— and rbmovo the protective tariff now on the statute book. Ho challenged tho hon. member for a straight-oat answer. Mr. BARTON : He dare not. Sir GEORGE DIBBS said it was a fair question. Mr. LEYIEN : Ask him somothing easy. Sir GEORGE DIBBS declared that the hon. mombcr (Mr. Reid) could not answer. (Loud Government cheering.) Ho coald not, because another question would follow, which wus, "Are you prepared to go further and carry out the policy of your life by removing from the bagUB tariff of a free- trade party that existed three years ago tho duties off sugar, kerosene, candles and a host of other thiDgs?" (CheerB.) Did tho hon. member stand in the House that night in the interests of the free-trade party or in his own personal interest ? (Loud cheers.) An Hon. Member: It is dummy free- trade. Sir GEORGE DIBBS remarked that tney had heard a lot about shams and impostors, but he wonld ask tho hon. member whether he stood before tho House and country as a sham and impostor, or if he was prepared to carry out the policy of ' his lite. (Cheers.) Tho object, ho maintained, was not to re store free-trade to the country, because tho hon. member had been twitted by ilis real leader— (cheers)— for the motion they were discussing he was satisfied never issued from tho brain of the hon. member fcr East Sydney (Mr. Reid). It savored too much of others ho had seen from the old war-horse (Government laughter and. cheers). There was something compact about it while it yet fixed the party to nothing. Sir HENRY PARKES : I have been told that the . hon. member for Burrown (Mr. Slattery) wrote. it., (Loud cheers.) Sir GEORGE DIBBS said he was sure the hon. member who made the interjection would not stand on the floor of the House and Bay he did not write.it. Before they passed on to get. to .the serious part of the lion. member's speech — for it _ was in keeping with the season, and while he had listened to the light comedy he was curious to know when the real matter of tho speech was coming— he was compelled to trouble the House with a certain amount of the history of tho paBt. It was drawn out of him by references : to the adminis tration of the Education Depart ment and taunts about his (Sir George Dibbs') genius for creating deficits, because the hon. member for St. Leonards had taken the troublo to tell the press that he was a genius for creating deficits, and deficits were never created unless ho (Sir George Dibbs) was in office. He had a genius for admitting them he ad mitted; and for exposing the deficits which had been created by post Govern ments. (Hear, hear. ) Let them glance back at tho year 1891., Tho Pnrkes Government, , whioh was a strong Administration, went out of office on tho Coalmines Bill when there was absolutely no necessity for them to retire so far us it was concerned. They could have re-committed the bill, whioh was. a common procedure, had they wished to retain office. Had they done that the bill would have been law to-day. Bat for their cowardly action the bill would have passed. What did the hon. member for St. Leonards (Sir Henry Parkes) do? He knew very well that the Government were not concerned about the Coalmines Bill, but he knew very well that a deficit was stalking behind his Administration, and crushing'thorn out, and the hon. member ran away. (Loud cheers.) They (the present Govern ment) had .proved to the House that, so far aB they know, of the conduct of the previous "Government when the last financial statement was delivered, they had left a deficit of £550,000. The previous Government, however, knew more than the present Government was then in a position to tell the tlousc. tsut tne present uovern- ment discovered in December that £180,000 more had to be'" added to the deficit left them by their predecessors. In the year 1891 they gave the previous Government credit for about £79,000 of revenue that waB the out come of their tariff last year. (Government cheers.) Tho proof was clear that the pre vious Government had gone out of office, not because of a proposed paltry amend ment or from pique, but because the hon. member for -St, Leonards, with Ilia well-known astuteness, saw that the Go vernment were damned beyond redemption by tho creation of a deficit. . His Govern ment had not tho courage to attempt any other form of taxation beyond what pre vailed when they found themselves in this difficulty. (Cheers.) They ran away from the field of battle. (Renewed cheering.) They left the present Administration to gather up the killed and wounded, and left them also a deficit of £800,000 of their own creating. (Loud cheering). At this stage the hon. member, in making a dramatic gesture, smashed a lamp whicli Btood on the table in front of him. Tho incident created great ainusoment in the House. . Sir GEORGE DIBBS snid he apologised to the consolidated rovenuo for "eighteen pence. (Laughter.) Mr. BARTOH : They will put that on the deficit. Sir GEORGE DIBBS said he had been about to remark that the hon. member (Sir Henry Parkes) ran away from the battle-field, and he left .the present Government the odium of coming down to tho House and showing the existence of a deficit, A cer tain portion of the press accusod them of creatine the deficit. (Government laughter.) That was the coolest piece of audacity that could be conceived. Thdy had had one side of tho question only presented to the people. When an hon. member spoke in the House and made a mis-statement, he was sub ject to immediate correction, but thoso who indulged in criticism in the newspapers could promulgate their libels, and there was no stopping them. The hon. momber for East Sydney (Mr. Reid) had saved him trouble by slating that ho knew of this de ficiency in the accounts of which ho (Sir George Dibbs) had spoken when the Appropriation Bill was passed last year, l'iio Treasurer on that occasion stated that he estimated that on December 1, 1801, he. would have a surplus probably of £358,000. But tho hou. member for East Sydney Bald ho should have had a deficit of £158,000. Tho hon. member knew that, but the Treasurer did not. When the Treasurer made that statement he reckoned that he was going to get a sum from duties on stock, and tho House in its wisdom knocked in ail £85,000 off tho tariff proposals. In addition to this tho Treasurer had to bring in a special Appropriation Bill which included tho sum of £200,000 for interest on the public debt incurred by tho Parkes Government— (cheers)— and in connection with which they, as tho incoming Govern- mnnfc. had tn Hxnonrl Lfi. 000,000 or £6,000,000 sterling. That was the estimate under roads and bridges of which they had heard so much, and which had beon so beautifully put.' After the Treasurer proposed the Appropriation Bill his surplus had changed to a deficit of £158,000, not by tho act of tho Treasurer himself, not of the Government, hut which was forced upon thorn by their having to expond £200, 0U0 for borrowed money, and what waa more £200,000 as well taken from tho roads and bridges votes by. tho previous Minister for Works, which had been made good by the present occupant of the position. Mr. LYNE: Hear, hear. (Cheers.) Sir GEORGE DIBBS, continuing, said that the year for which the Treasurer had predicted a surplus was one full of trials, a wave of depression having passed over not only tho colonies but tho whole world. They had had a great calamity in the shape of a labor trouble— (hear, hear)— which had cost the country hundrcdsand thousandsof pounds sterling in tho aggtcgato, and a loss to tho Government in actual caBh of £100,000. (Hear, hear.) They had, moreover, a shrink age in tho rovenuo in tho old lines, added to which also was the fact that the Government had to provido for tho unemployed — for tho starving multitude — a thing which they had to do. (Cheers.) Tho fact of the deficit turning out to ho £158,000, instead of £383,000, for a country dealing with a revenue of from £10,000,000 to £12,000,000 was too ridiculously small a miscalculation for serious notice. (Hear, hear.) And yet that was brought forward as an indictment against the Government. Not a singlo item of extravagance had beon proved agaiuBt them — (cheers) — despite tho charges. As to the charge that corrupt appointments had been made, ha challenged the leader of tho Opposition to prove that one unnecessary appointment had been made. The roccnt actions of tho leader of the Opposition reminded him of the old Btory of tho monkey, tho cat aud tho chesnuts. Tho Government benches were the chesnuts, tho leader of tho Opposition the pussy, and the hon. mom ber lor St. Leonards tho sly monkey. It was notorious all througii Sydney that the Opposition did not intend to hnvo Mr. Roid as their leader on tho Trousury benches. They said they were Bimply going to use him, and that he had been drawn into thu position so that they might help him to pull the chosnutB out of the (ire. (Cheers.) lie (Sir George Dibbs) wus sorry the non. momoor naa no policy to submit. (Hear, hear), lie had simply endeavored by his magnificent wave of the hand, his gestures, his Bhricks and his pandering to roads and bridges members to try and draw votes to himself. (Cheets and laughter.) They had been accused by the hon. member of reckless cxtravagnncc, and yot one hour of his speech had been devoted to a condemnation of tho proposals of the Government in regard thereto. There was no doubt that this business of tho roads and bridges had destroyed tho public life of this country. (Cheers.) Ho did not care what Ministry might bo in office, thero was no doubt thut this practice had cor rupted the public life of tho country. (Cheers.) Besides, it was certain that for tho money given in this way the public never got a fair return. The only remedy which could be applied for this evil, and one which the country hud been demanding for years, wns the Local Government Bill. (Cheers.) Ho would also like to point out that when the hon. mem ber (Mr. Reid) was a member of the Stuart Government ho lent his voice and influenco to the aotion of tho Cabinet in tho stop page of land sales — (cheers) — which had been done to neutralise the wasteful expen diture which had been going on. Well, in 1884, when ho (Sir George Dibbs) was Trea surer, he found, and he told Iris colleagues so, that if they stopped the auotion sales of land they would stop a principal Bourco of revenue, and that steps would huvo to be taken to niako up tho deficiency. The hon. member (Mr. Reid) at this time had left the Government, hut the Government brought in a scheme of direct taxation to mako tlio rich, and those able to do so, pay their fair share of taxation. Mr. WISE : Why don't you do it now? Sir GEORGE DIBBS: Is it your policy ? Mr. WISE: Why don't yon do it? Yon have got to show your policy. Sir GEORGE DIBBS was telling the hon. member a little bit of history. An Ho.v. Memiikr: The hon. member was a free-trader then. Sir GEORGEDIBBS wanted to deal with this question of thu loss of auction sales. Tho hon. member (Mr. Reid) knew that in 18S4 he (Sir George Dibbs) came down with a scheme of direct taxation, under which land and property of all kinds would have had to pay its fair share of taxa tion, and what followed ? Tho House refusotl to accept it. (Cheers.) Then in 1836 the Jennings Government brought iu a system of land taxation und an income tax, but the HouBe throw both those measures out. An Hon. Member: We will pass them now. Sir GEORGE DIBBS : Now when the Jennings Government brought in those bills the hon. member (Mr. Reid) was not in his place to support the Government. (Cheers.) But the differcnco was they were not popular cries men. (oncers.; Mr. REID : It's all humbug. Sir GEORGE DIBBS said it was a very extraordinary thing, but the hon. member neither spoke nor v.otcd with the Govern ment, although he was a member of the House-. (Cheers.) Aud yet he came there that night and made tho speech he did simply with the view of securing the votes of a certain class. (Hear, hear.) He wanted to tell tho hon. member a page of history not known to many hon. members present. In >1SS4 thu hon. member (Mr. Reid) wiis a party to his bringing in a scheme of direct taxation. His (Mr. Reid's) scat was challenged, and he went for re- election for East Sydney, where he had always been at the top .of the poll. But he was beaten, and by that miserable, poverty-stricken individual, Mr. Burdekin. (Loud laughter.) He (Sir George Dibbs) wanted to supplement the revenue by direct taxation. The first attempt to do this was made by himself, and the second' by the Jennings Govern ment, und the first gentleman to fall a victim to that policy was liia hou. friend opposite. (Cheers. ) His hon. friend, how ever, was not tlio only man who had fallen since then ; but, liko his fede ration proposals, lie had turned his coat. (Cheers.) Now ho desired to show what was called the whole difficulty. For seven years ho had borne the burden upon his back of abuse after abuse with regard to tho question of deficits. Day after day within tho walls of that House lie had been charged with creating deficits. When he brought forward his financial statement in 1885, lie told the House that there was a deficit of £1,052,000, and the House yelled with delight ; but there would have been no deficit at ail if hon. members had given him their support to tho scheme of direct taxation which he he had proposed. (Cheers.) What was the result — they all knew, one of the moat pain ful pages iu tho history of tho colony, For the previous eight or ten yearB tho country had been wasting the richest of itB lands, and the Treasury was rolling in wealth. An Hon. Member: You are selling too much of it now. Sir GEO RGE DIBBSsaid possibly we were. But what he wautcd to point out was that if there was one man more than another a deficit creator in this country it was Sir Henry Parkes. (ChecrB.) To show that this was so he quoted from a speech made by Mr. James Wutson, who was thon Treasurer in the Parkes-Robertson Government, and asserted that the present Government wore the only survivors of a band of men who had stopped tho plundering of our public lands, and whoso stoppage of these land sales had initiated the new order of deficits. Mr. Watson said: "The land sales which ho excluded from tho foregoing com parison were :— In 1875, £1,084,000 ; in 1876, £2,411,000; in 1877, £2,841,000; in 1878, £1,000,000; in 1879, £1,215,000 ; in 1881, £1,177,000 ; nud in 1882, £1,900,000. Now, no greater evil could cxim in a free-trade countrv for a revenue to he coming in from the wholesale alienation of the public estate." In saying this Mr. Watson used words of sterling wisdom. There was no doubt by our prodigal expenditure in the past wo had cultivated in the minds of the people a desire for an enormouB public expenditure. These largo surpluses, said Mr. Watson, were not an unmixed good, or so desirable as Borne seemed inclined to iinagiue. Thero could bo no question that in consequence of having large surpluses the public expenditure had largely and rapidly increused, but not to a greater extent than tho requirements of tho country demanded. This wus what the Treasuror in tho Parkes Government stated. But the difficulty was to stop this extravagAneo, and Government after Govern ment had been called upon to give and to give, and the Governments had gone on in tho hopes of the times getting better. Tho hon, member (Mr. Reid) had been n member of the House for 12 years, however, and had nover lifted up his voice to reduce tho overgrown civil service, as it was callod, or prevent tho ex travagance which was going on. Tho fact was that whilo the hon. member was in ofiicc he was ono of tho moss extiavagant Ministers of tho period. (Cheers.) This Government had bad to face not only tlio deficit left by tho provious Government, but had to sustain tlio crodit of the colony during a most trying period, and provido for liabilities incurred by tlio lato Govern ment. In spite of this they were met by this motion of censure, which rested only on the flimsiest of grounds. In a speech de livered by tho hon, member, Mr. M'Millan, when he was Treasurer, that gentleman had tho honesty to say that tho primary causo of the deficiency was tlio stoppage of laud sales, and ho (.Sir Gcorco Dibbs) interjected, " That iB thu first time it has been honestly admitted." (Cheers.) When he received the quittance and tho discharge of such a man us Mr. M'Millan the shrieks and criticism of lessor men did not affect him. The hon. member (Mr. Reid) had no policy, hat was a political sham and impostor, and Bimply desired to obtain tho chcsnuiB out of thu tiro and sit on the Treasury benches. (Cheers.) What tho Government intended to do was to press forsvard the legislation lioforo the House, especially tho Local Govcrnmout Bill, which had been obstructed at every stago by the hon. member, although ne naa previously auvoeatcu locai scu-go- vcrnmcnt. His hon. friend had shown utter inconsistency, and had wilfully and crimin ally obstructed the business of that Parlia ment. (Cheers.) Tho hon. member had already wasted fourteen nights in Parlia ment discuniing whothcr he would sit on the Treasury benches. Mr. WISE : Why should ho not? Sir GEORGE DIBBS : Whoover brought forward a motion of censure and failed in the attempt wa9 a political criminal. (Oppo sition laughter.) The loader of tho Oppo sition would not allow the Electoral Bill to go on, and was blocking the Mining on Private Property Bill and Coal Mines Bill. Mr. SPEAKEF callod the hon. member to order. Sir GEORGE DIBBS Baid there was tho Land Bill, which must be passed beforo July 1, unless a grievous injury was to ho done tiic people und tho conntry. Tlieso were matters sufficiently urgent to invito the serious attention of men honestly disposed to legislation, and who would not bo led all round the Chamber by such a senseless motion as this. (Hear, hear). The conntry, whether free-traders or protectionists, do- sired to keep the present Government iu office iu order to get legislation. (Hear, hear). The Opposition wished to stop tho Government from gaining credit for passing these measures. The want of tho country wns tho Local Government Bill, which Mr. Reid was doing his best to destroy. (Loud cheers). Mr. REID, in personal explanation, quoted from a speech made on May 18, 1836, to show that at that time ha did not oppose direct taxation, but opposed tho Customs proposals. Mr. SEE: You did not vote on the second reading of either. Mr. REID said ho left that Government when he found they were not in earnest on direct tuxatiou. The heavy expenditure in the Education Department during his year in oifico was due to the legacies of his predecessor. Mr. M'MILLAN said the question was tho administration of the finances by the Government, and whether, on their actions, were they fit to govern the country? It might be said in reply, were the Opposition fit. to take their places? (lloar, hear.) It was a common thing that several of the Ministers of the Dibbs Govern ment of 1887 woro now in office. Making all allowances for debits and credits in 1889 and 1800 cliis country lived within its income, and only during one year of the Parkes-Burns Government did that occur since 1S83. The Government of which ho was Truusurcr did not cry over everything, but took over £3UI),UU0 of the previous yenr. They Started with that debit, and in Bpite of it lived within thoir income. They had reduced their surplus by giving £150,000 to tlio roads und bridges and £5U,0U0onothoraccounts, leaving the balance only about £2000. When the Parkes Go- vernment rcnrcu it was uecause tucy re fused to carry on under certain conditions. No Government cauic in under fairer aus pices than this Government. It was this Uovcrnmcnt which raised the financial issue, and, besides introducing protection, dis covered the deficiency of £580,000. He at once challenged the £200,000 in respect to the Centennial Park vote, where he claimed iiis action was supported by the Auditor- General. Mr. SEE: You took credit for tho £200,000. Mr. WRIGHT: As revenue. Mr. M'MILLAN hud nothing more to do with that. . Mr. SEE: Precisely. Mr. .M'MILLAN claimed that the de ficiency. when the Government took office, was. only £3801000. N over iu tho history of; tho colony, were the principles of. tiio; Act of 1884 more strongly conserved. : than by Mr. Brunitcr. They never put a hand on the suburban lands. .They could have raised at least £51X1,000 daring vheirtormof office from these. Coming to the loan expenditure, ho said up to the Barings' crash of November, 1800, there wus no evidence of thu credit of the colony failing. Tho credit of the colonywas never so higli as under thu Parkes Government. He allowed that they did not perceive the depression and that a largo amount of authorised loans were crowded into thoyeur 1801\. They voted £1,000,000 for the maintenance of the existing railways. Of tile £4,800, OOOspent iu that year, £2,000,000 was expended to prevent a congestion of the railway traffic. This was an absolute neces sity, hut admitted it was unwisely forced into one year. For all the actnul commit ments of the Government Mr. Bruce Smith raised a loan which wiped them all out. Tho present Government, although they had belabored the late Government, had committed the country to a million of now expenditure. Tho Government came in on several misrepresentations, ono of which wns that they intended to carry on out of revenue works usually carried on out of loan expenditure. Thefuo't that there wus a deficiency when the late Government left oifico should have been sufficient to have made tlio present Govern ment moro cautious in their expenditure. He contended that the Minister for Works was responsible for the troubles of tho present Government, for the only largo in- ureaso outside tho public works wus in special appropriations. The original CBtimalo of ex penditure of 1801 had been increased by £952,000. Tho Government had been debauched by their own taxation, and tho country would have been in as good a posi tion now if they had never had that taxation. Tho more intimately ho ex amined the accounts tho more ho waB bound to say there was no necessity, on financial grounds, for that ex traordinary taxation, because if tho Govern ment had reduced their expenditure down to the limits of that of the Parkes Govern ment they could havo saved tlio great bulk of the taxation. Ho had never shnu x the present Government nuy great hostility, and if they had not interfered with the fiscal policy of the country no ono on the Opposition side of the House would have attempted to put tbem out. The time mast soon come when the question of free-trade or protection must bo tested. Tho nir had been thick with auatheinas from England about concealment by Colonial Treasurers, and if the Colonial Treasurer (Mr. See) knew of the real stato of the affairs of tho country, and camo forward and informed tho House, ho believed that nothing would have been urged from the Opposition. (Dcrisivo laughter.) Mr. SEE : If there had been a Burplus it would havo been tho same. Mr. M'MILLAN argued that the Govern ment had not endeavored to cope with the question of expenditure. The Local Govern ment Bill, ho said, was a political dodge by tho Government, and if it were not passod — — / .is thero would be an extra deficiency of ' ,'!; £540,009. . , ;/ j( Mr. SEE: You are very sorry it is not <' so, I suppose. . : ; ;! Mr. M'MILLAN snid it pained him to ,Tlj take snch an attitude against tho present. Government. Sir GEORGE DIBBS : Oh, yon h»v« i; arranged it very nicely. Mr. M'MILLAN said that the people ji wero not yet educated up to the Local ' j; Government Bill. It would make people ; who had largo ostates pay moro than they - j did at present. :.<j Mr. LYNE : You are trying to stop it. Mr. SHELDON (to Mr. M'Millan): It il V| a standing disgraoo to your party that it) ;(, has not beon passod years ago. ;j Mr. M'MILLAN said that the Govern -:f ment wero out of their calculations by V-t £800,000. '. Mr. SEE: You were out £1,000,000, and ' ! you wore tho beavon. born finanoior. ' i Mr. M'MILLAN, continuing, remarked 7. that the Opposition had extended great for | bearnnce io the Government. (Laughtor.) ! Mr. SEE: Threo votes of censure. I Mr. M'MILLAN said the question was 1 not a matter of freo-trade or proteotion, hub > rather whotber the existing depression was to bo accentuated or not. An indictment had been made out against tho present 7 Government which could not be con trovcrtcd. No Government had gone into office undor moro favorable circumstances. (Laughter.) There was nothing to hope for ; from tho Government. (Opposition cheerfl.) j Mr. ROSE said that they had had tho lion, member (Mr. M'Millan) posing aB a 1 patriot, and who was the very man who, 1 when the colony waB in difficulties, had iefs i it for about eight months. The Government had boeu looked to to provide work for tho maeses, and honcc the heavy expenditures j They had heard thcpoliey of "the Opposition, which, however, was merely of a negative description. Where could they get a better policy than that of the Government to cope ' with the prcBont crisis ? The leader of tho Opposition had been invited to stato his policy, but had not dono so. ' j Although the crisis was a serious one there was no occasion for a sudden awakening. j He was not altogether with the Ministry in the policy thoy intended to pursue in tho i future, but tho Local Government Bill, 7 7 about which so much had been said, could bo < amended in committee. The great salvation ot the country depended upon the passing : of a libetal Local Government Bill. It would bo necessary, as the Treasurer ' had told them, . to exercise economy in the future with respoct to the expendi ture of borrowed monoy. New South Wales must as soon as possiblo demand in creased taxation, and the protectionists had as much right as any other class- in tho community to go in for some form of direct taxation. Ho would be one to support a proposal for direct taxation on in comes. They would havo a land tax in the Local Government Bill. A reform in the shape of an independent civil sorvico hoard wag re quired. If they wanted to retrench in a proper manner, that would be one of tho ; stepping-stones towards such a reform. Ho looked upon the fact of their not being able to borrow money in England at tho present time as one of tiic best things bo \ knew of. Many of their assets were not paying interest on the borrowed monoy at present. The salvation of the present or any Government in tho future would depend upon a hold stroke of retrenchment. Under all the circuinstnnees ho considered the host thing they could do was to keep tho present Government in office. Mr. WADDELL moved the adjournment of the debate. Sir GEORGE DIBBS said it was the in-, tendon of tho Government to sit the debate out to-morrow night. Mr. GARRARD said, in tho face of that fact, it would be absurd to adjourn at such an early hour. Mr. TOOUKY iioped the Houso would adjourn, as there never had been a more important matter brought before Parlia ment. It would he very unfair to ask tho Colonial Treasurer to speak now, and also unfair to the hon. members who had lefo , , under the impression thut the debate would not be closnd. Mr. RAE objected to any adjournment at thut hour, and thought the debate might be ' brought to a conclusion that night. Mr. BRUNKER said the credit of the countrv WM !Lfc nnri ih wuu Atilv loin that the Treasurer should havo an oppor tunity of replying to the remarks made by . the hon. member for East Sydney, Mr, M'Millan. (Cheers.) Tho debato was then, at 11,35 p.m., adjour/icd till to-morrow, to take prece dence of all other business. 