Brevities Oddfellows meet on Tuesday night. Good races at St. Marys on Saturday. Hawkesbury District Show, 12th, 13th and 14th May. Use only Judges' Celebrated Baking Powder, 1/8 per lb.* The NEPEAN TIMES Stationery Repository is still booming. Races at Rooty Hill this afternoon. First race at 3 o'clock. Try Judges' Celebrated Baking Powder. Best in the market.* Mr. Dibbs was banquetted by the citizens of Sydney on Friday night. Concertinas and Accordeons repaired at Wilchers Music Depôt, High-street.* It is estimated that there are 15,000 men out of work in the East End of London. Don't forget the bazaar in August in aid of St. Nicholas Church and Presbyterian. Entries for the Billiard Tournament at the Railway Billiard Saloon close this Saturday. It is estimated that about 10,000 domestic servants are at present unemployed in London. A man in England was sentenced to three months imprisonment for stealing hay of the value of 2d. The Mulgoa Irrigation Company at work at last. What a booming boon this should be to the district! A number of London 'busmen are said to be working 100 hours per week at a wage of 2½d per hour. Pure-bred cattle, ordinary cattle, horses, etc., etc., to be sold at the Newmarket saleyards, St. Marys, to-day. The floral exhibits at the Flower Show on Friday and Saturday last, showed an improvement on pre- decessors. The establishment of an irrigation colony in our midst is looked upon hopefully by every settler in the district. At the Penrith Police Court on Thursday week a slaughter license was granted to Robert Morehead, Fernhill, Mulgoa. A splendid supply of artesian water, computed at 500,000gal. daily, has been struck at Brindingabla Station, near Bourke. Strong forces of military are to patrol the streets of Paris on Saturday and Monday to prevent any Anarchist outbreaks. Mr. A. Thompson scored a popular win with his little brown horse in the big event at the St. Marys races on Saturday. A horse on the Nepean bridge kept the nine mail train from Sydney to the mountains waiting half- an-hour on Monday night. John Schultz alias Smith was committed for trial at the local police court on Monday last on two charges of uttoring forged notes. The subject at the Wesleyan Mutual Improve- ment Society on Monday night will be the reading of "Essays on Australian Life." The loss of life by Wednesday's railway accident was greater than any other diaster which has occurred on the railways in this colony. Applications close ninth of May, for a person willing to undertake the duties of Inspector of Nuisances and dairies to the Penrith Council. During the past 12 months 36 new houses have been erected in Katoomba, making the total number of houses in the Municipal area, 302. Twenty-five Malays have been arrested for the murder of Messrs, Harris and Stewart, Australian officers in the employ of the Pahang Exploring Company. What is that sound of thunder ? That's not thunder, it is the rush of people into the NEPEAN TIMES Stationery Repository for paper, ink, pens, stamps, etc. The Hon. Patrick Grenville-Nugent has been committed for trial in London charged with an indecent assault on a lady on the London, Brighton and South Coast railway. 20 horses and 280 head dairy and store cattle to be sold by auction at the Newmarket Sale Yards, St. Marys, this Saturday, at 12.30 p.m. Messrs. J. C. Young & Co., auctioneers. It was announced at Broken Hill on Tuesday night that the Minister for Lands has sanctioned the Broken Hill and District Water Supply Company taking upwards of 7000a. An enquiry is to be made by the military authorities into the details of the encounter between the "fall-backs" and the "light brigade" at the seige of Penrith bridge at Easter time. Mr. Blackett, of the Commercial Hotel, Penrith, announces that he is prepared to supply wedding parties with carriages and four-in-hand brakes. Who'll be the first to give him a trial ? There were some horrible scenes at the railway disaster near Tarana station on Wednesday. Bodies of passengers were dragged along the granite side of the cutting and practically pulverised. William Pinkstone, a temporary letter-sorter in the General Post Office, was on Wednesday sentenced to six months imprisonment for stealing a letter addressed to a "sweep" promoter. Mr. Bowlin of Berkshire Park offers £10 for information that will lead to the apprehension or conviction of the person or persons who branded a horse in Jericho paddocks belonging to him. Mr. Eddy says that on Wednesday's railway disaster could not have been prevented by any human foresight. The line had been freshly ballasted, and the defective rail broke off sharp. Auction sale of the Newmarket Estate Subdi- vision (comprising 39 allotments), on the ground, St. Marys, Saturday, May 7th. Messrs. Richardson and Wrench will wield the hammer. Easy terms. The intercolonial bowling match, New South Wales v. Victoria, played at Strathfield on Wednes- day, resulted in a victory for the home team. The scores wore—New South Wales, 117 ; Victoria, 79. The Paris restaurant at which Ravachol, the anarchist was destroyed by a dynamate bomb on Sunday night. The proprietor was severely injured and his grandchild and three other persons were injured. "Professor" De Wayne was on Wednesday committed for trial, chargod with the wilful raurdor of Jessie Maria Martin, a young woman who died at Willoughby on March 16, under suspicion circumstances? The junior employès in the engineering branch of the Victorian Railway Department have been allowed "leave of absence," without pay, from the 30th inst, until such times as their services are to again utilised. An inquest was hold at Armidale on Wednesday, into the death of Archie Banks, killed on Tuesday by a collision between Sells circus trains, John Coleman, engine driver, and Edward Kelly, guard, were committed for trial for manslaugher. A very interesting debate on "Which was the least to blame in the recent strike, Capital or Labor?" took place at the Wesleyan Improvement Society meeting on Monday night last, and on being put to the meeting, resulted in favor of the latter. On Saturday last a serious accident occurred at Katoomba on the tramline running from the coal mines to the shoots. One of the suspended skips broke loose, and running off the line dashed over the embankment. The damage done is estimated at £300. The annual valuation of the land in the Katoomba Municipal District shows a capital value of unim- proved land amounting to £142,903, being a decrease of £1,965 on last year's valuation. The annual value of improved property was £11,156, showing an increase of £991. The rumor that Williams, alias Bayley Deeming, alias Baron Swanston, etc., committed the Clare- mont and Fisher's ghost murders has been denounced as a cruel hoax. The statement that he encompassed the destruction of Franklin at the north pole in 1847 is now also generally disbelieved, A serious railway accident occurred early on Tuesday morning, about 10 miles from Tenterfield, in the shape of a collision between the third and fourth special trains which were conveying Messrs. Sells Brothers' circus from Tenterfield to Armidale. Ono man was killed and two others were injured. The collision occurred at Bluff bridge, and the train had a narrow escape of being precipated into the river. Maude Voyce, having sold 30 tickets, last Sunday at the Church of England school, received the prize awarded by Mr. Courtney Smith, who recently gave a magic lantern entertainment in St. Stephen's schoolroom in aid of the home for inebriates fund. Cecil Fulton and Leopold Price who tied as sales- men in a secondary degree also received further emoluments. Ada Burgess of the Wesleyan denom- ination was successful in getting the largest number of tickets off hand, and she also received a very pretty book as a reward of her energy. 