FICTION. From English, Amerlcnn* and Other Period I eula. THE LEGACY OF JEWELS. CHAPTEB X11. BURGLABY AT HOBRIS PLACE. That sho had really been followed in the street Marion had no doubt, and the incident made her uncomfortable. In the next few days whenever she went out, she looked round for the lad, but did not seo him again. Once or twice Bhe'thought she was being followed ; but the girl could not positively detect anyone in the act. Her uneasiness, continued, however, and tended to increase ; and the feeling of disquiet rendered hex nervouB and rather afraid. She went again to see Mr.'Price in regard to Mr. Bloxatn's request, and he advised her not to comply with it. He said that he did not believe in the story of the will, and that if it were the case that Bhe had what she believed to be a will, it was most unlikely that it could be of a date later than that which Simeon Hoadley had lodged with the bank manager. More- over, he urged her not to part with possession of the house pntil at least they had been able to determine whether there was, or was not, any meaning in the cypher. In the letter left with Marion, she had been expressly warned by her father against doing this, and Mr. Price thought that desire should be complied with. Mrs. Bloxam took the refusal quietly enough, but declared that though she w&s; rea)ly»rednced ^ to the greatest straits, she did not desire more than her legal rights, whatever these might be; and gave Marion to understand that she would take some kind of steps to secure them. One evening, soon after Marion had annonnced her decision to Mrs. Bloxam, she was alone in her room when she was called down to the front door by a somewhat loud knocking. " You have some rooms to let, misB, I believe, haven't"you?" The question was asked by a middle-aged woman, who, in company with a man, was standing at the door. Marion looked (at them both rather keenly, and came to the conclusion that she did not like them. " Who sent you here ?" she asked. " Mr. DavieB, the milkman, in Holloway Boad," answered the woman, readily. " He told us your, parlors and kitchens were empty, and that's just what we want." While the woman had been speaking the man had satd nothing, but had kept staring into the house and at the front door in so strange a way that Marion could not fail to notice it. " The rooms were empty, but I've let them," said Marion, rather abruptly. She liked the two less the more she saw of them. 4 " How can that be ?" asked the woman, putting her foot inside the door to prevent Marion from Bhuthng it. " I can see from here that they are empty." " I tell you I have let the rooms, and the tenants are coming in to-morrow," said Marion. She had not let the rooms, but was determined not to take these people as tenants. The woman continued to speak, keeping her foot inside the door to prevent its being shut, until the man pulled hei shawl ito get her away. He did thiB without saying a word, 'but the woman obeyed him instantly, muttered a kind of apology for having disturbed Marion and left. The girl looked after them, and watched them as they walked away together to the end of the Btreet. "I should know these two again anywhere, I think. I believe I could recognise the man by his walk from behind. I wonder who they are and what they want. I wouldn't have them in .the house if they'd pay three times the usual rent." By this time she had accustomed herself to pay attention to very small matters, and it occurred to her as peculiar that the man had not uttered a word; then her memory of the man's face made her think" that the peculiar look it wore might be the result of some disguise ; and it occurred to her that his beard and moustache had been false. This thought increased her discomfort and ner- vousness, and before she went to bed that night she made a most rareful 'inspection of the fasten- ings in the lower part of the honse. A man and his wife bad been living in the two rooms on the ground floor, but they- had left about a week before, and the rooms and kitchens beneath them were empty. The only other people in the house beside herself were a man and his wife, who had rooms on the floor above Marion's. These people she knew well, as they had lived in the houae some considerable time. Marion was not afraid, indeed she would not have feared to sleep in the house alone ; but her nerves had been a good deal tried by the occurrence, of the past few days. After she had seen that nil the doors and windows of the house were properly fastened, she went back to her room and sat down to a book with which she waa trying to wean her thoughts from other matte». She read for a long time, and then, when she came to a part of the book which was less en- grossing, her attention wandered away to her own affairs, and she let the book rest on her lap. Things had not gone well with her during the last few days, and ehe was growing moro and more dis- contented. There was no sign of any discovery of the meaning of the extraordinary paper which her father bad loft in his will ; and it began to be pro- bable that the puzzle would never be solved. Moreover, the police were making no progress at all in the direction of discovering the murderer'of her father. Mrs. Blozam had told the police about James Linnegan, but they either could not, or did not, try to find him ; and precious time was slip- ping away. The thought of this distressed Marion very mudi, and she was growing very anxious that some more definite and energetic action should be taken. Lastly, Ralph Gething's conduct had pained and grieved her ever since she had resisted the wish he had expressed that no steps should be taken to trace Simeon Hoadley's murderer. Ralph did not come to see her so frequently, and when they were together he had been irritable, low-spirited, and sharp- tempered. Several times, moreover, his manner had made the girl feel and fear that he had some secret from her which depressed him ; and this had made her very uncomfortable. For some days the resolution had been forming in her mind that she herself wonld take np the task of trying to find the man who had killed her father ; and, as she sat thinking on this night, the plan began to gather strength and to take a much clearershape in her thoughts. She blamed herself for having allowed so many days to pass without doing something, and resolved that, on the following day, she would commence an active and systematic search. Soon after she had made this firm resolution, she went to bed, and was surprised tD find that it was already one o'clock. The time had passed very quickly while ehe had been reading and thinking. She. was restless, however, notwithstanding the lateness of the hour, and her brain had been so active that she could not go to sleep. She grew a little drowsy at laat, after resolutely suppressing every thought and idea, and was nearly asleep, when she heard a sound that made her wide awake in a moment. What was it ? .Where wasit P Who was it P , It had seemed ' to.be a sound of something that had fallen ; it was like a sound of iron falling on stone. She sat up in bed and listened ; but could hear nothing wbatover. She knew that she had really heard something, and that it was no mere dream. And she determined at once to try and discover the cause. It could not have been in the rooms above hers, as no noise from there could have had ao sharp and distinct a ring. it must have been in her sitting-room or down- stairs. In eithpr case, it meant probably that someone was in the house. Then she reflected that ?uah a sound could not have travelled up from the inside of the house ; the echoes would have muffled the metallic ring. It must have been outside. She recalled that under her window at the bottom of the yard was paved with flag stones; and concluded that the sound bad come up from them, and that she had heard it through her window. When these reflections were passing through her mind, making her heart beat fast, she hastily slipped on her black dress, and, remembering that she must be able to move absolutely without noise, she took a pair of heavy, thick woollen stockings, and drew them on in place of shoes. Then she crept from the room. >> She went fiw tinto the sitting-room, after waiting and listening intently at the door. It was empty, just as ah« bad left it. She had no light ; and moving silently across the room, she moved the blind aside and looked out. It was a dark, misty, wet night ¡ but she fancied that she could see the form of a man standing against the railings on the opposite side of the road, close by a lamp-poet. Next she turned and went out on to the landing, and listened. She could hear nothing; and began to doubt whether she had been altogether mistaken. She had intended to go up to the people above, and wake them ; but VeBolved not to do "this, when it appeared possible' that she had made a mistake Instead of going upstairs, she went down the stair- case, as noiselessly as a ghost, stopping every few steps to listen. As she passed the door of the room on the half landing, where the furniture from Clprgy-street had been stored, she placed her ear to the door and listened ; but all was still, and she continued her way down the stairs. « »When she reached the rooms on the level of the hall, she paused again, and listened with almost painful eagerness at each door ; but she beard 'nothing, and when she tried the handles she found both doors locked, tile keys being outside. Then she went to the staircase leading to the basement, and listened again ; and hearing nothing orept down noiselessly. She had reached almost the bottom when she stopped and pressed her hand to her heart. j I Someone was trying to break into the house at the back, She could hear the noise distinctly. ' She turned at once to go upstairs again, and 'wake the man who slept at the top of the house, and was half-way up the staircase when a thought stopped her. The burglar was not yet inside the house, and could do her no barm ; and she ought to try and see him so as to be able to recognise him again. This thought excited her painfully, and she fought out a battle between her sense of duty and her fears. Duty "won, and she .went down the stairs again, holding her breath, and peeped into the back room. It iwas empty, and she then remembered that she herself had locked the door which led from the room into the scullery behind. This gavé her con- fidence. She entered the room, and keeping close to the wall and stooping down she went across to the windows and looked ont. > There was a man in the yard ; and at the moment she looked out he was examining the point or edge of some tool by the light of a bull's-eye lantern .which was placed on the edge of the small, square Scullery window. She watched him closely, and once or twice, as he bent forward and his face came within the little circle of light thrown by the lantern, Bhe thought tho rather heavy features were familiar to her, but she could not recall where Bhe had seen them. Suddenly the man pioked up the lantern, and turned the light full on to the window out of which Marion was so intently watching him; and his action was BO qnick that the girl was startled as she found the rays flash across her. She shrank back instantly and almost instinctively into the corner next to the window, alarmed lest the man should have caught sight of her; and she crouched down against the wall, and held her breath in her excite- ment. < Apparently he had not noticed her, for the next inBtant the light was turned on to a particular spot of ona of the window bars, and the girl heard the sound of a file, as the man worked at the bar with the evident intention of removing it in order to enter the house. Marion started up to leave the place to got assistance, but the light of the lantern shone clearly through the window in such a position that she could not get to the door without passing across it, and if she did this the man could hardly fail to see her. , , She kept still, therefore, and listened intently to the rasping sound of the file as it worked its way through the bar. After a few minutes the Bound stopped, and she heard the file laid aside. Then carno a violent pull at the bar, and the sound as it was wrenched out of its place warned the girl that in another minute or two the man would be inside the house. (To he continued ) Mr. Jerome's story of " Three Men in a Boat, not Forgetting the Dog," ia now rivalled by the trne ad ventures, of the sloop " Queen," which railed from the Mersey on Moy 11, bound for Sierra Leone. The boat, only twenty tonB grow burden, was manned by three men and a Newfoundland dog, and though it experienced'some rough weather, ia reported to have reached Sierra Leone in safety. Í 