A CHINAMITAN'S VIGIL. A Co0RUESPOD?ET of a Shanghai journal, writing, from Kiukiang, on the Yangtse, mentions that he 'has seen a sight whichis not often seen in COhina. This is a man who has taken a vow to watch three years at his mother's grave. The lady died 'at the end of last year, and was buried, as usual, on the side "of a neighbouring hill in the family burying-place. 'When thile remains had boeen consigned to the earth the son declaied that he would not leaove the grave for three years, and so far he. has been, true to 'his' word. The noighbours took upon themselves to provide for his whntsand a subscrip tion list was started, 10 piculs (1331b each) of rice being cdiitributed by his relations and those who ]knew him. Families take turms in preparing his food and bringing it to him.' Others brought straw and poles and made a rude hut for him large enough to con tgin hhimself and the grave, of his mother.. The' writer saw hiim. whe h\ he had already been at his self appointed task nearly seven months, and says 'he will not soon forget the sight aind smell.: Around the hut there ,were three well-kept grave's, 'thos of :his fathlier, brother, and wife, .inid iniside, thatl of his mother: During the three years of his vigil hoe does not wash himself, thi straw upoln which.ho, lies is not removed, he' doos not change .his clothed till the timno has exp~red, he does not comne oti: of the little place for any causO halitovoiS he speaks to none, except, perhaps, occasionally, and then only briefly,? to his nearest relatives. Ho spends.thoe timo muttor ing prayers and burning inconso at the head 'of the tomib, along the length of which he is sretched. The hut is not high enough to allow him to stand upright, and is only a few feeot longor than hinmself. If he survives tihe three years hlie will be highly honoured, the officials will go in state and receive him, and report the matter to the throne, and he will roceive from the Emperor's hand aboard containing four characters lauding his virtue. IHe mnay also receive sonio small official profoermeont, and will thus be wellpro vided for. The natives say that, although he is alone on the hillsido amo'qig the graves no ghosts or devils will interfere with him, and poisonous snakos will not come near him. 