Tt8T£M»T'8 TELEGRAMS, London, December 2 1st. It is stated that the Orleanist Parity is spending enormous sums in sifting the Panama Scandals with the ultimate visw of undermining the Republic, It ib believed Sonth Australia will announce a new loan about the middle of January. Adelaide, Deoembar 22nd. The cricket match between South Aug' tralia and New South Wales is exciting much interest. The first innings of New South Wales closed for 337 runs. South Australia replied with 212 ranjkAnd had to follow ou when they made 330 leaving the New South WaleB team 205 runs to get to win. At the close of play on Mon day four wickets of New South Wales team were down for 76 rune. Latbh. The match between South Australia and New South Wales was concluded yester day and resulted in a win for South Aus tralia by 57 runs. The New South Walee men were unable to make the number of rune required to win. The game termina ted amidst the greatest excitement. « Perth, December 22nd. Mr. Everard Darlot has been appointed starter to the W. A. Turf Club. Jaek Kenny wae fortunate enough to draw Oxide in TattersaH'e Sweep on the Summer Cup. The first prize is ten thous' and> pounds. Theodore Lowe has oeen appointed Secretary, |of the Royal Agricultural Society vice Mr. Faantlaroy reiigned. An intereeting interview with Mr. W. Sayer the legal representative of the Mid land Railway Company in Perth haw taken place. Mr. Sayer eaya the Joint Committee have simply maBsacredthe pro posals he put forward on behalfof theCom- pany, and that there is not the ghost of a chance of the London Bond holders agree ing to such severe resolutions as will no doubt be carried by Parliament, unless soma compromise more favorable be suggested. It is probable the Company will withdraw altogether and take up an hostile position. Tbe position is feit to be a gloomy one at the present time, afl a settlement of the question is apparently very far off, and the line is likely to ba in an unfinished state for a long time to eoine. 