A Real Ghost. A LAWYER and a bishop were talking, and this was the manner of their talk. 'I have become thoroughly con vinced,' said the lawyer, ' of the ex istence of nocturnal apparitions, for I have seen one !' ' Dear me!' exclaimed the bishop. 'I am very curious. Relate the story.' 'I will, my lord, I will,' said the lawyer. 'It was between the hours of eleven and twelve. I had gone to bed, and was just falling into my first comfortable sleep, when I was wakened by a strange creaking noise. It sounded as if someone was walking upstairs ! The steps sounded nearer and nearer, slower and slower; solemn and measured they were, and presently they halted at my door. I drew my sheet over my head, and lay there trembling, not daring to move. ' Something,' continued the lawyer, 'entered my room, and I threw the sheet over my face. I felt rather than saw a faint yellow glimmering light. I could not move at first, but I presently managed to gain .a little courage.. I drew the sheet cautiously down from my face, and-looked !' ' Well!' cried the bishop excitedly. 'In the centre of the room,' said the lawyer, slowly, ' stood a tall old man. He seemed gaunt and worn with age or hunger, and his long grey beard hung half-way down his breast: He was dressed in a queer loose cloak with a cape, and he wore a broad leather band about his waist. In one hand he held a peculiarly shaped lantern, from which flowed the yellow light, making strange ghostly shadows on the wall behind him. In the other hand he held a staff, the look of which was unpleasant. He stood still in the middle of the floor, looking at me. Presently I said, ' Whence art thou? What dost thou require ?' ' And what did he say. ?' cried the bishop, fixing his eyes upon the odd expression of the lawyer's face. ' He said '-replied the lawyer, speaking in a horse whisper-' he said, "I beg yer pardon, sur. I'm the watchman of the street, sur; an' I thought 'twould be best for me, sur, to come up an' tell yer that yer front door stood open! If ye do be lavin' it that way, sur, it's bad luck ye'll have before the mornin' !"' 