CLIPPINGS. In the Melbourne Criminal Court on Tuesday, John Robertson, a young man, was charged with stealing from a dwelling, and was found not guilty by a jury. Judge Wirthington appeared thunderstruck at the verdict, and remarked-"What! not guilty?" The foreman replied in the affirmative, and his Honor said-"That is a most extraordinary verdict, as the evidence was conclusive. I was never so astonished in my life." The prisoner was, of course, discharged. The heat reached 124" in the shade at Balranald, N.S.W., on Wednesday. In answer to a deputation from the Charity Organisation Society, who waited on the Vic torian Minister of Lands about taking up land at Newchum Creek, near Healesville, to form a country settlement and settle laborers, Mr, MacLean said the Committee could have a lease of 1,000 acres at 2d. per acre per annum, and as it was for a charitable purpose he would allow cultivation. A plague of crickets is reported from several parts of New South Wales, and especially in the Windsor and River Stone districts. Tbey are doing great damage to the fruit trees by eating away the bark of the stems and branches. Mrs. Kingsley, widow of Charles Kingsley, who .died reoently, helped her husband materially in hiB work, writing out nearly the whole of "Alton Locke" and "Hypatia" from dictation. Charles Kingsley's youngest daughter, Mary, married the Rev. W. Harrison rector of Clonelly, in Devon, and isknown to the world as. "Lucas Malet," author of "The Wages of Sin," The tug-of-war in Sydney resulted in a win for the Swedish team, who went through the contest without suffering a defeat. Ireland was second, and Russia and Norway divide the third and fourth money. The Victorian manufacturers have declined to find one-fourth of the cost of the representa tion of Viotoria at the Chicago Exhibition, and the Premier has likewise declined to pro vide for the whole cost. It is anticipated, however, that the wool-growers will be repre sented, and that the Government will assist them. The hanks have abandoned negotiating a connection with the two million loan, on the terms required by the late Victorian Treasurer. The Government will now fall back on their original agreement with the banks, by which they can borrow £750,000 without security, and an additional £750,000 on security at one per cent, over the Bank of England's maximum rate of discount. There appears to be a strong probability that the fruit-growing industry will before long be firmly established on x orke's Peninsula. Several residents are preparing to undertake vine growing in the district on an extensive scale. Close upon 200,000 copies of Mr. Stead's Real Ghost Stpriej" have already been sold. Nothing like thia has ever been known in the trade in such a short time before. The Premier of this colony^ who has been visiting India, is expeoted to return to Ade laide by way of Port Darwin in about six or seven weeks time. _ The appointment of a Commission to enquire into the schedule of the Main Roads Act passed last session will not be made for another month. The largest butter-making competition ever held in the United Kingdom took place at Preston recently. There were 135 entries, all save one being young ladies. The main fault of the competitors was that of overworking their butter.. The average quality, however, was very high, and the skill marked. In Lancashire alone alraoBt 400 dairymaids have been taught scientific methods. At the Melbourne Criminal Court, George BeBt waB found guilty of shooting at Lark Milne, the licencee of the Theatre Royal Bars, with intent to do him grievous bodily harm. He was sentenced by Judge HodgeB to six months hard labor. The occurrence took place on the 28th Nov., when Best was put out of the bar for insulting the barmaid. The Earl of Onslow took his departure from New Zealand by Mararoa on Wednesday. Thirty-8even marriages have been arranged to take place in St. Arnaud and its surround* ings before Easter (April 17). Can the young men and maidens of Mount Gambier come un to that ? A carrier named Teake purchased four bullocks at Charleville, Queensland, from a non-union carrier, and it was found the next morning that tbey had been shot dead. The Queensland Full Court upheld the oon viction of the bench of magistrates at Black hall against Silbey, a Unionist shearer charged with intimidation during the late shearers' strike. The appeal was based on three grounds: -(1) That the fine was excessive. (2) Insuffi cient evidence to support a conviction. (3) That the act under which the information had been laid, namely, that of George IV., did not apply to the colony. The Full Court overcame the first objection by.reducing tho fine from £5 to £419s., and gave its decision againBt appel lant on the ground that there waB sufficient evidence to support the conviction, and that the Act under which proceedings were taken is in force in this colony. This case waB regarded as a test one by the Shearers' Union. Rev. "Billy" Frazier is the name of a clerical bruiser in the United States, who, finding his collections growing smaller and beautifully less, has decided to re-enter the fistic arena. He was at one time* a celebrated light-weight boxer. An extraordinary occurrence happened a few days ago at Fitzroy, Melbourne. It appears that 35 years ago Mrs Carr, the wife of an oyster seller there, while a child trod on a small needle in Kensington, England. The needle embedded itself in the left foot, and all efforts to extract it proved futile. Ou various occasions since she has asserted that she felt the needle in different parts of her body. One day this week sbe felt something gathering against her wedd ing ring. She removed the riDg, and saw the point of the needle protruding through the flesh. She instantly seized it, and with a slight tug extracted it. The needle p^as perfectly sound. No blood came from the puncture, beyond a very small drop of what looked like water very slightly reddened. A strong stand is being made in Melbourne against publican? continuing to be Jqstices qf the Peace. A correspondent qf the Age shqws that all the honorary magistrates on the North Melbourne bench ape directly or indirectly interested in the trade. At a meeting of creditors of Berger, Rooke, and Co., of Newcastle, N.S.W., on Tuesday, the liabilities were shown to be £81,145, and the assetB £100,168, leaving a surplus of £19,023. It was stated that Mr. Berger, after involving the firm in rash speculations, sud denly, a ?hort time $go, disappeared. The meeting resqlved that as nothing would be gained by liquidating the estate, a committee of management be appointed to act in conjunc tion with the official assignee. Railway development in Finland has made great progress of late years. Th e first line of railway, Helsinefors-Tavastehus, 61 miles, was opened in 1862, and now the country possesses over 800 miles of railway, whilst some 200 miles more are in course of construction. The other day the South-Eastern Railway Company were asked no less a sqin tha£ £1,250,000 for a small and praQtioaliy'useless piece of ground in Bermondsey. The claim i3 at the fate of £13,000,000 an acre. The com pany, it is scarcely necessary to add, did not close at the sum stated. A Princess Starhemberg died at Salzberg lately at a great age, and was taken to Afer ding, where the church ia built over a family vault of the Starhembergs. None of the family had died for the last fifteen years, and the vault waB therefore rarely, if eyer, visited. On entering it to prepare for the funeral the deaoog tumbled over wh»t turned out to be a skeleton, and it was soon discovered that thieves had been in thp vault, AH the coffina were broken open, the gentlemen's swords and spurs were stolen, and the ladies' dresses torn and despoiled of lace and gold trimmings. A Frenchman named Combey, of Gannat, in the department of the Allier, who was formerly head coachman of a Russian Princess, and ib now 69 years old, lately made a bet with M Lebrun, proprietor of a menagerie, that he would enter a cage of wild beasts with him, sounding a hunting "hallali" on the French horn. The wager was taken, and Gaa»bey hot' only entered the den blowing his instrument, but placed a game df' cards in it with Lebrun, partook' of a bottle of champagne, and then emerged sounding the horn, amid the applause of the assembled spectators. Electric railways are to the fore in Berlit>. Siemens and Halske's large project $or a net of overground electric railways haVe b?en followed by another, at the'head or which is a syndicate comprising'several large industrial firms, who have already applied for concessions. A third plan, emanating from the large Allgemeine Electricitatu Gesellschaft, which supplies a great portion of the eleorio light used in Berlin, proposes a system of underground electric rail ways between the different parts of the town. Recently one of the boroughs surrounding Glasgow ceased to have a separate corporafa existence and became part ox the "city. The £opy$atioiG of Glasgow thus received, at one swoop, an increase of 100,0QQ, and now amounts to 700,000. Three boroughs, with a population of 118,000, yet remain unattached, but their absorption into the city is only a quest'sn 0f time, a ? ? deat!1 that wonderful centenarian xiamiral Sir Provo Wall is/4 is announced. He was horn 17S.I, aad he w^s a lieutenant on the" Shannon in its immortal fight with the Chesapeake. The fight came off on 1st June, 1813, near Boston, young Willis being 22, without a thought that he would be such a relic from the two crews. The Americans were confident, but proved no match for Broke, of the Shannon. £tia men delivered two tsrrifio broadsides, then sprang over' the gunwale,' and ran up the English oolors 15 minutes after the action began. Broke being wounded, and the senior lieutenant killed, Wallis had the command at tho end of the action. Strange to say, he ' came from America, his father being Provo . Wallis, of Halifax, Nova Scotia. So departs I tl^e glo'rioua old senior officer in her Majesty's service. A return published in Melbourne gives .results which have attended the local option system from the time of inception early in 1SS6 Altogether (58 pollB have been taken, resulting | in 32 being declared void, 15 for increase in the number of hotels, 12 for decrease, and 9 in favour of the existing number. The total amount of compensation paid up to date is £24,151) lis Sd, but it will be considerably augmented as soon as valuations have been de termined of houses yet to be closed in com pliance with several of the polls. A report read from tbfc Queensland Com missioner of Police states that on the northern part ot the Border four Chinese crossed last year but w.-re arrested and fimd £50 each. Two paid the fines and the others ierved a sentence of six months. On the southern part of the Border twenty-three were arrested since last July. Twenty-one of them were deported across the boundary, but two of them ac companied by two others re-entered the colony and were arrested and fined. Failing to pay the fine of £50 they are now serving a sentence of six months. 