In tlie Rajah's Palace. I must confess that I f«lt very disap pointed with. her. - ' ? I had ridden up to her carriage at the .band stand on the Mall. The. strains of the lasf, new -v^altz out froinhome were 'floating among the Millingtonia trees, drowsing the champing of th« horses' bits and the chatter of the ayahs and children wandering admiringly around the sol diers. ' Mrs. Ingledene,' I had saidj ' I am getting up an expedition — sport and pic nicking combined — to the Kajah's palace at Bundelpore, for three days. Will you make one of the party ?' Her face lighted up— such a pretty face, eudii sweet, eyes. r ' 'What a capital idea I I shall be de lighted,' she exclaimed. ' But will you mind my bringing a fr,ienc!, a Mr. -Lingnioor,. who just then will b# staying with us, I think ?' Then it was that I felt disappointed with her. I had always firmly believed that Jack Ingledene and his wife were devoted to each other. I had only listened with half an .ear to Mrs. Crabtree' s spiteful stories of ?the doings at naughty Nynee during the last season, when, the immaculate Mrs. Ingledene was supposed, after the fashion of grass widows' in the hills, to have taken to herself a ' bow-wow.' * ? Though Jack Ingledene was on duty at a :lbng court-martial, I knew that he would -not 'object to his wife going with me, an. old friend of her father's family, and backed by such an unimpeachable chaperon as Mrs. Crabtree. But I was disappointed when Ethel Ingledene calmly turned up her pretty face to -mine and as good as told m« that unless she was allowed to bring this same ' bow wow ' she would not come to my picnic. But all the same, like the old fool I am, with my next breath I expressed how delighted I should be to see Mr. Lingmoor, cursing the Indian ' bow wow ' system all the time most devoutly. . As tke Collector of .Punkahpore, the ruler of a district as large as an English county, and wielding a sway over hundreds of thousands of dusky natives, I am a per sonage of some importance in the eyes of the neighboring semi-independent Rajah. of Bundelpore. This gentleman, though of' dubious character and unable to write his own name, is the despotic ruler of wide territories and the happy possessor of dia mond aigrettes such as would delight the heart of an English duchess. I have standing permission to shoot over his arid plains and rocky hill coun try and to stay whenever I like in his beautiful summer palace of Bundelpore, which place is but little troubled with his presence, as Mb highness prefers his town house in Gauramabad, where he can in dulge in European luxuries and vices. We drove the 20 odd miles which \aj between Punkahpore and Bundelpore with relays of horses along a straight, dusty, tree-bordered road, fairly good as long as it ran in my territory, but execrable as soon as it entered that of the Maharajah. We were a merry p^trty of about a dozen, in three carriages}- followed by a camel carriage containing the commissariat, the servants and the rolls of bedding, without ?which, no European travels in India. I had been somewhat disappointed 'at my old ' chum, Colonel Tachbrook, not turning up. He was retiring and leaving the country for good, and it was mainly \- with the object of giving him some good sport that I had arranged the expedition. However, he was delayed up country and we were obliged to start without him. Mrs. Ingledene was looking very pretty and was in the best of spirits. Lionel Lingmoor, a subaltern, in the Royal Scilly Islanders, was 'a good-looking easy mannered fellow, whom she appeared to find charming. The only discordant element was the station doctor, Griffenhoofe, a sneering, ill-natured fellow, who had never forgiven Mrs. Ingledene for snubbing him on her firBt arrival at Pnnkahpore and who chuckled fiendishly over her very open flirtation with Lingmoor. Bundelpore, built entirely of pale sal mon-colored stone and gorgeous with carved eaves and aiullions, oriel windows, delicate friezes and arches, turrets, cupolas and hanging balconies, lies — a dream of beauty — in the midst of green groves of orange, melon, and mango trees. On one front a broad stone terrace over looks the shady garden walks, the ponds, ^the stone summer houses ; on the- other a large artificial lake with a little tower and steps at each angle, bathed the -very walls of the palace itself. The Rajah; like many other Indian princes, kept some hunting leopards in a barred cage in the -garden, end in the lake some huge black ' muggers ' or alligators, loathsome-looking beasts, which were fed daily from one of the windows with, lumps , /of flesh. We drove under the great gate of Bun delppre, saluted by - some of the Mahara jah's ragamuffin^ sentries, 'just as the eun was setting behind some low, bare 'hills and flooding the palace with a tint of gold. . The crows were cawing in the streets, ringdoves cooed, in the shady depths of the garden, end -flights of tame pigeons circled above the zoofs and cupolas. The scene was a. delicious change from our painfully uniform bungalows, our straight Mall, and the ceaseless bugle calls that pervaded Punkahpore.' : ' We dined in a vast hall, with carved Moorish arches, and after dinner wo sat about on the terrace smoking and discuss ing the plans for to-morrow. I rather fancy I must have had a nap in my easy chair, for I was aroused by a low» Bneering chuckle from Griffenhoofe, sitting next me. . . ^;' We were alone on the terrace, but the Moon, which had just risen, 'showed us two figures walking down .a path in the garden. ??$'-' '' ?'?',' 'Deuced funn^,fisn*lit?'''!HieBe!Twdnien are all the same.' They come' out from England perfeot. Mimosas, and after a few months' training on a Mil station, that's -what happens.' ? And he chuckled satiri caily again. :; ':':L - ' ' ? ^'?'??' It was Mrs. Ingledene walking; with I/ingmoor. . The' eight .wade me feel rather sick at heart. ' - . . We all turned in early that night, for we were td be ftp betimes to start in the morning. ' . ' ' . The ladies had been installed in the rooms on the left of £he great hall, usually allotted to th:e Rajah's zenana, and we men occupied those on the right. They were not over clean and rathe* bare. L '?'.-' i found zny servant had. laid out my bedding and Riffonhoofe's in one of the top rooms. Opening out of that was an other room, where Lingmoor and Colonel Crabtree were to sleep ; the other fellows were billeted in the rooms below. It was a hot night, and Crabtree,-who was f assy, said it was lees stuffy in one of the verandahs and so departed, leaving Lingmoor in sole possession. I felt restless and disinclined to sleep. I lay long awake listening to the jackal's screech, the pariah dog's bray, and the lapping of the water of the lake against the wall. I lay watching the bright moonlight throw golden bars across the somewhat dirty walls through the carved glasslees windowe. Suddenly something roused me. A shadow fell across the moonlight on the wall. The thick curtain in the doorleBS archway moved aside. A woman's figure entered the room. ? There was no mistaking it ; it was Ethel Ingledene. I eprank up as if to speak to her, but at that moment she turned and looked at me. Her face was so unutterably sad that the words froze on ?my lips. Then, to my amazement, I saw her push aside the curtain of the doorway leading to the next room, where Lingmoor was sleeping, and disappear behind it. I sat motionless for a, moment or two, for I felt as if some one had dealt me a heavy blow. . Griffenhoofe's voice aroused me ; he was awake too. If ever I saw an evil look on a ? man's face, liis wore it at that moment. ' Crabtree was right,' he said, gather ing up his bedding. ' It will be much cooler down, below.' I followed his example and departed, but I did. not go to sleep. My thoughts flew back to the happy country home where I had known Ethel Ingledene as a child with long fair hair ; to the good old rector, her father j to honest Jack Ingledene, whom we all liked so much, poor boy t and I felt — well, I felt I should like to have the. shooting of Lingmoor. What if, when we were out after deer on the morrow, a shot should chance to go astray ! Such things had hap pened. But not this time, however. We all shot very straight and made good bags. I managed to give Lingmoor a wide berth all day, for his good spirits and cheery chaff were more unbearable to me than Griffenhoofe's unpleasant innuendoes. ' It was getting dusk when he returned to the palace. I quite dreaded meeting Mrs. Ingledene, who had not shown up before we started in the morning. Therefore I was very relieved to hear _ that she had a bad headache, from the sun, and would not be able to come down to dinner. Just as I was having my anteprandial tub — a simple process, consisting of stand ing on the bathroom floor, and having pitchers of water thrown over one by one's bearer — I heard a familiar voice on the terrace below. It was my old chum, Tachbrook, just arrived. Such a pleasant surprise it was, and one whica .somewhat restored my good humor. We had a very cheery dinner. After ward we amused ourselves throwing bits of meat from a balcony overhanging the lake to the alligators below. The black, slimy monsters rose out of the water into the moonlight, and fought and struggled for the bits we threw, crawling on one another's backs and opening their huge mouths set with rows of cruel teeth. Miss Crabtree, the spinster of the party, turned away with a shudder. ' It gives me the creeps to look at them,' she said. ' t want to talk of some thingmore pleasant — ^your charming friend, Colonel -Tachbrook. What a dear old thing he is ! Now, tell me, is it true what I hear, that there is some romantic story about him — that he was engaged to a girl who was killed in the mutiny, and that that's the reason he was never married? Do tell me!' Of course I £ad heard something of the kind about Tachbrook, but 1 was not going to divulge any secret of my friend's. '* My dear young lady,' I replied mysteriously, ' you are as curious and ro mantic as all your sex. Pray, believe it if you like,' 'You are very irritating,' she said, laughing, and turned away. Then Tachbrook himself came up. '?This Bundelpore Rajah of yours — wasn't he very troublesome to us in '57 P' he asked. ' It was his father, not the present man. He turned against us from the first, don't you remember, and attacked and killed the Europeans at Guramabad and at Pun kahpore.' A shadow crossed Tachbrook's face. To bide it, he caressed Lie gray moustache pensively. ' I was away before Delhi then. Bat' I remember it all now-r-I remember it all.' . He turned aside and changed the con versation. -Griffenhoofe had given up his place in, my sleeping apartments to Tachbrook much to my delight. I was dog tired and trusted that I should be undisturbed by any such unpleasant episode as that of the night before, But Tachbrook appeared restless and not inclined to sleep. \- ' Hum thing it is old man, 1 should be stopping in one of Bundelpore' s palaces. You've heard me speak of Ethel Brooke sometimeB— that dear little girl I was en gaged' to in '57 before the troubles began. .She.-went away to stay with some people at Gnramabad just before the mutiny broke *out. I was. ordered suddenly to Delhi and then came the Gnramabad mas-4 sacre. I never heard of her again— not a sign— mot a word. Thank God the Rajah died the death he deserved — done to death by a traitor. And now hie friend is our good friend, and I am his guest. Such; is life; heigh-ho l' He lighted a cigar and smoked me to .sleep.-. ? ...-?? ?:??-.?..?'- :- How long I slept I don't know. A end-, den cry from Tachbrook woke toe with.; a start.'' ' ' . \'_ . .,..'.- ., . .'.'.'... ?._':'? - 'Ethel! Great God! it is Ethel!'. I sprang up, .and there, stealing in through the curtain, exactly as she had done the 'night before, came Mrs. Ingle dons. . . - ;=? ?' ??'.-. Tachbrook stared at her like a madman. ' Poor fellow !-' I said to myself. ' These sad memories have upset his head.' She glided behind the curtain into Liag moer's room. Tachbrook jumped up and followed her. '' f ' ' : 'At any price a scandal must be pre vented,' thought I, and I sprang up, too, and followed him. Lingmoor was sleeping the sleep of youth and of a hard day's shooting. Tach brook, with outstretched arms, stared at the dark form which slowly flitted across the room, . She passed through an open window out on to the balcony overhanging the lake. A horrible fear seized me. She saw her self discovered and would not live to face her shame. ' Stop her 1 Stop her !' I cried. We both rushed out on the balcony. It was empty ! The night breeze ruffled the dark surface of the lake, in the depths of which the muggers were sleeping. Tachbrook and I 'glared at each other, too horrified to speak. Then a voice called me from the stairs : ' You are wanted at once Collector Sahib. There is an old crone, . the mother or aunt or some such relation of the Rajah, who lives in a little house in the garden, and who is dying, and wants to see you very . urgently.' -.7 ' Oh, do come,' said another voice — a very sweet one. ' ''I did what I could for her this afternoon when you -were*, away, and I found her so ill. But she has some thing on her mind to tell you, and I promised you should come. Be quick, -or it will be too late'.' The speaker was Mrs. Ingledene, stand ing at the door of my room, looking lovely in a white peignoir. At first I thought she was a ghost ; but I grasped her arm. It was firm flesh and blood. ' I will go at once,' I said. ''You go back to bed.' As I went down, the stairs I heard Ling moor's voice calling — *' Send some one -with brandy. Colonel Tachbrook has fainted.' They led me to one of those little garden houses, common in the East, where an almost sightless, toothless old hag lay at her last gasp. 'You are the Government's servant,' she said, ' the great Sahib— you are good to my nephew, the Maharajah — you have forgiven of your great clemency the wicked ness of my brother, when he killed your people, your women and children. I have something to say before I die, if your high ness will listen.' She spoke with difficulty and in gasps. I bent down to catch her words. ♦' Her spirit came to me to-day, so I know that I am dying — the spirit of the beautiful young white maiden with the yellow hair whom my brother- carried off from Guramabad when he killed the rest, and whom he brought here. She was kind to me, the spirit ; she Las forgiven me, for I took her jewels ; I have ^bem now. I wish to give them back to a white Sahib, lest the devils should torment me when I am gone. The Rajah shut her up in -the top rooms — no one could' hear her cries there, she could not escape — he put me on the stairs to keep the door. He delighted in the yellow-haired maiden ; would have made her his favorite wife, but one morning when, he opened the door ahe was gone. Her jewels -were there and a. little holy book she carried in her bosom — see, here they are.' From under her pillow she drew with feeble grasp a yellow, worn little English prayer-book and a gold brooch and earrings and gave them to me. As I opened the book I was aware of two people looking over my shoulder. Tachbrook and Mrs, Ingledene had fol lowed me. The flyleaf was yellow and dirty, but the name on it was perfectly legible. ' Ethel Brooke, September, 1856. Hard leigh HalL' A great groan broke from Tachbrook. ' It hi her name, her writing,' he answered, and hid his face in his hands. ' That -was my mother's sister's name,' gasped Mrs. Ingledene, ' Their home was at Hardleig\h Hall — I remember hearing she came oat to India and was killed in ? u Tachbrook interrupted her. ' You are her niece ?' he asked, in a gentle voice. ' You are her very image ; I think I see her again.' And he drew her to him and kissed her on the forehead. I '.turned over the gold brooch in. my hand. ' There is a miniature in the back — see!' Mrs. Ingledene looked and gave a, cry. ' That is .my mother when a girl. I know it quite well — I have one like it.' There was a faint gurgle from the bed. The old native woman, in the corner who had 'been -watching us fell back dead, We left Her and passed out into the cool garden, where - the bird-life was just awakening. Mrs. Ingledene disappeared to her own apartment. Tachbrook went out alone for a walk. I thought it best to leave him to himself. We were great friends, but jxfter a discovery such as this, npt even the greatest friend can be any comfort. Worn out by the night's emotions I f eU asleep till breakfast time. When I joined the rest of the party in the great hall I found everyone' devouring letters and papers just brought out from Punkahpore by a messenger. Mrs. Ingledene rushed at me with but stretched hands, ? 'I want you to be the first to hear, for you are zny oldest friend in this country, and I have so hated to have a secret from you. Listen. I have just gotten my home letters, and papa has at last given hie con sent to Nellie's marriage with Lionel^Ling moor. I'm so happy. You remember Nellie, the youngest -of us all — they got engaged .when he was home last summer on leave— and papa was furious. So. they have been corresponding through me, and I have been doing all I can to help them. And now that Lionel is to get Mb ' captaincy papa has given in. r -_; I'm so glad, if or he's such a nice fellow, isn't he? -Though, of .- course, I; should never think any one quite good enough for Nell.'' : ':'?;'. 'I remember Nsil . perfectly. J carried her piok-»»baok the. itoBt time I »*w best And as I can't congratulate her personally, let me do it by proxy, dear littla lady.' , So saying, I bent down and kissed Mrs. Ingledene on the forehead. If Jack could have read in my heart how penitent I was for my horrible suspicions, I do not think he would have objected. Just then Crabtree bustled up. . . ' . '\ 'Here's Lingmoor been getting info such a mess — just like a grift He's gone and shot one of the Rajah's muggers — didn't think there was, any harm. Come and see what's to be done.' 'Nothing, I should think, except to administer a few judicial rupees to keep it quiet,' I replied, and followed Crabtree to the steps leading down to the lake where Lingnroor was surveying the huge carcass of the dead alligator. ' Ton my honor, I didn't realise they were preserved. I'm awfully sorry.' ' You may as well have -him stuffed now you've got him,' I remarked. ' He's a splendid fellow — the grandfather of them all, I should judge.' I called a low-caste native, who began to out up the animal. ' Presently, in his stomach, we came on something small and glittering. I picked it up. It was a gold ring. I rubbed it bright, and then saw some letters engraved on the inside — tl Ethel, from W.T.,' I read aloud. ' Will you let me have it ?' said n voice behind me. I handed it to Tachbrook ?without, a word. ' 