SCBATCHINGS IN THE CITY. BY A PENCII.. line which written here may be «o to its mark straight and unerringly; Thfi ev&y; langh be clean and fairly bought: inat condemnation never go unsought: ~a-t cut, or thrust or lend approving cheer, -A1Tn zaay be honest, thought and purpose clear. " faddy" Cog-Lin is dead. When I write "Paddy" you must excuse my Irish, because "Paddy" is what Patrick Bovce Collin, ex-M,P., who died on Saturday morning, always called himself, and to be called. P. Coglin was supposed to be as rich as Cross us, and he certainly was as eccentric as a very wealthy man can afford to be. He was one of the oddest looking old fellows whom you ever saw. The fact that one of his eyes would not go threw double duty upon his other and the only actual working optic, which seemed to have received its companion's roguish sparkle as a legacy in addition to its own, I believe that Mr, Coglin was vain of thateye chiefly ' because it did sparkle. He liked anything that sparkled3 he was fond of all kinds of display. When he was in the House he wore-in addition to other things, of course ?-a watch chain which was big enough and strong enough to have held in any dog smaller than a Saint Bernard) and, when in a self-complacent mood, he used to fondle that chain, "paying it oaf' between his hands as a sailor pays out a ship's cable, Shen the chain had glittering pendants sufficient to make any unchristian magpie feel envious, Mr, Coglin also showed his love for display by building an enormous and beautiful tomb when his wife died, and inserting an advertised description of it in the papers, with an addition stating that he had left spaee in it for his otto coffin, Not long aftep this one of the papers prematurely announced that Mr, Coglin had died, I remember the incident more particularly because the paragraph had hardly appeared when a smart city solicitor sent a messenger to - those specially inter ested in the ijegeased's estate mentioning that he would be happy to do the Jaw work in connection with it cheaply and with neatness, promptitude, and dispatch, " Paddy chuckled when he saw that he was dead, and 4opbtless remarked that ' thereisannnci^pumscribedpreponderosity of unmitigated virility, longevity, and Vitality in the unhyperbolean corporeality of antiquated Paddy C. yet," For he was desperately prong to use long words. Therein, next to his exceedingly great business shrewdness, lay his chief claim to immortality. It was his unique speciality, Though he is dead, gfter his three score years and ten, he bp would no more think of-saying "die" than of dying if he could help it. He would talk of a man who had given up the ghost as one who had "unravelled the portentously involuted coil of emphatic immutability with unparalleled and irre coverable velocity, jui' if not ich-y y Tiatf" finishing up the sentence with a snap. Whence he got all his long words wa§ a mystery. It is my belief that when he had to make a speech-s&y; upon icrigation-^he would learn from the dictionary all the polysyllables beginning with I-r-r-i-g-a t'i^o-71, and post them in ambush along the sentences of his speech, And when they were not engaged upon regular active service in this way, he would employ a detachment of them in private conversation. Thus he would call pressmen ^'unparalleled nocturnal literary scriveners," and but let me illustrate, Just before Mr. Coglin left Parliament for the last time, he was presented with a requisition which asked him to be a candi date for the District of Newcastle, The head of a certain Parliamentary reporting gtafi was seated in the press gallery, and Mr. Coglin wished to have a reply to the requisition written for advertising. " Raze requist or importune the literary and artistic] jaynius and gintleman who presides over your distinies to concoct a foine, nate, natty, and diplomatic reply to this unparalleled felicitous document." This wag"" Paddy's " request to the chief reporter's junior. The gentleman referred to wrote two slips containing all the long words which he could think of without notice, and sent them back, "Tell the gintleman upstairs, with . Paddy's unsophisticated compliments," was ' the delighted Hibernian's answer, "that his composition, is a piece of potential ; perspicuity^ an that he must possess the j brains of a Gracian chronometer" i Or words to that effect as nearly as my i memory serves me, errors and omissions excepted. We were all sorry when Paddy left the Houses-he was such fun, although be talked his incomprehensible language at a. rate calculated by aft immaculate statis tician to be exactly 351 words per minute. This speed was a sad trial to nervous reporters upon " Hansard," : The bead of a staff once put on a new rnan when Coglin was talking, and the note-taker thought Jill the reports had to be absolutely verbatim, When he finished his half-hour lie went back to the chief with an air of agonised hopelessness upon his face, and paid 'Tm very sorry, sir, because I really want employment, but if I'm expected to report this speaker verbatim I must throw up the contract I haven't got electric fingers and I don't understand French." many respects Patrick Boyce Coglin, deceased, was one of the most remarkable men-an amiable good-hearted man, and one of the most tolerant of Roman Catho lics^-whom South Australia has yet nur tured. But won't the angels be surprised ?when they hear him talk? Two other Irish identities died on the day of Mr. Coglin's death. One was Mr. J. J. Lallan, es-sharebroker, and the other was Mr, Booney, ex-rcity- councillor, Each in different degree was "useful and respected, and each -man suffered lingering' disease before he died. The mortality amongst sharebrokers during the last few years has been startling. The exciting fever of the Exchange burns out the life of-all but the very strongest, Great fortunes are some times made, but $t what a cost! A meeting, chiefly composed of sympa thisers with the Broken TTill miners who axe on strike, was held in the Town Hall on Friday night. The chief interest was taken in the speech of Josiah Thomas, the miners' delegate, vho speaks with fluency and firmness from his standpoint. In spite of his pronounced looal preacher's style I have heard many less effective speeches than his from men having twice as much book learning and four times as much pretence. Another Broken Hill delegate was a minis ter of religion named Gray, who apparently does not know a great deal of what he is talking about, but honestly, if too warmly, tries to do his best. The majority of the crowd who attended the meeting was, of «>nrse, unfair} but so are all crowds. When the miners held their first meeting at Broken Hill they would not allow anyone to speak freely unless he voiced the -views of the secretary of the union; the same spirit prevailed amongst the brokers when the Broken Hill deputation attempted to speak in the Town Hall exchange room; and on Friday night when a man rose and said that some of the miners loafed when they were paid to work, he was hooted down. There fore, the advertisement concerning all such meetings should state that "all people who dp not entirely agree with the motions which are moved, will please to keep their seats or else be howled at," And yet folks are asked why, if they hold strong opinions, they have not the manliness to come for ward boldly and express them! Which is a very interesting piece of inconsistency. 