THAT kllDFUL- TIM" Beally, you know, X think you look quite well in your new position. Thus gaily and facetiously X addressed a skull upon which I had htfifcoVed much effort. Your coloring is vastly improved by your ether bath, If only your teeth had not been lost. I suppose if I d refrained from putting them in that pill box marked, ‘Take ono morning and evening/ Williams would have paid them the compliment of being teeth, instead of strangling pills, and packed them with you when he sent you “But never you mind, old chappie, I have thought of a way to get some more teeth.. FU ask my dentist to save me all ho pulls—if he doesn’t want tliom—and wa’ll rig you out in a lino near set, and they won’t be false ones. “ Wherever you have a vacant lot in your jaws you shall have a nice little toofio. You could oven adopt the reprehensible habit of chewing gum, if you wishad, though I’d rather you wouldn’t; for—a word in the hole where your ear used to be—you aro now too tony a skull, Chappie mine, for that sort of thing. You’vo a velvet cushion to Bit on and 1 functus officio’ painted on your cranium, not to apeak of haying your lower maxillary articulated with a wire spring. Suppose we put your jaw out of joint, my child. You have such a fetching expression when its twisted to one side.” Then a terrible thing happened: the skull apoko. ft said, “ Be gooa enough to keep your hands off me,” and said it slowly and Then there was a silence of upwards of five minutes. My hair assumed an upright position o*i my head, so inconvenient to too working cap perched there that it yielded to the per suasions of gravity, and sought the floor. My knees evinced a fondness for each other’s com* pany, nnd my oyes felt enlarged. I hadn’t a smile during the day; this was clearly a ghastly reality. The old chappie continued to stare me in the face without winking, and the stillness grow embarrassing. Finally I said, “ Ccuiar a Ghost 1” There was no reply. I waited some time, and silence still reigning, I began to think my oars must have deceived me. I determined not to act rashly, however ; so feeling myself a dreadful dolt 1 said in a whisper: “I beg your pardon, but is it customary for skulls to speak ?” 14 When they are spoken to,” came back promptly. My hair, which had just begun to seek a recumbent position, ugaiu assumed tbo perpen dicular, X stepped behind the table, and regretted that my pistol was in a drawer of the desk on which tho skull stood. Nothing would have induced me to get it; tho Thing might have jumped at my head or bitten off my nose with its articulated J Sol gozed at old chappie with a feeling | anything but affectionate, and mentally do nominated him “ Old Devi!.” But after tliis internal ebullition of anger I broke Into a cold i>e reparation. For all I know ho might bo able to read my thoughts. If it was the man who used to live iu him who was now I making night hideous in this manner, why shouldn’t he be able to stop inside one’s anatomy and read one’s thoughts as fast as the thinking machine produced them. Good ' hoavens 1 I braced myself for eternity, but; tho mrnutos went by and 1 still breathed tho mundane air. I pulled myself together. Here I was six foot tall and a football player; was I to be brown-beaten by that bony old thing ? I had always wished to see a ghost if there wore such affairs. There was evidently a strong super natural atmosphere rampant now. why not make the most of it 1 So T rooponed the conversation by timidly re marking, Well, I never now skulls to speak beforo, so why Bhould you V” “ Why shouldn’t I r” was the instant reply. Ho had such an easy assurance, did that Bkull, and his answers were bo ready that though I knew that this time he was just copy ing from “Alice in Woudorlaud,” still I was Bull soon drew myself up aud remarked with dignity : “That i» merely avoiding the question.” “ Then pray avoid questioning me.” Was he trying to make a pun? Instantly I lost some of the awe with which he had in spired mo. I stepped out from tho table, put one hand on ray hip and assumed a slightly domineering attitude. 1 said: “ Considering that you oomo to me a greasy old skull, that I soaked you in hot water and soda for au hoar, scrubbed you with an old tooth-brush and picked little bones out of your oars with a haiipm; considering I bathed you ju_ether aud ben/.ingt iAV&ibPH-uW; lower maxillary tied to you by a pink tape aud your teeth in a cigar box by your side ; con sidering tho close intercourse all this entailed, and that during that time yon never gave a sign of life, you mu»t acknowledge thatie-hi ■ strange’'yon should suddenly' develop the povvor of speech.” “I acknowledge nothing,” replied tua sen ton tiom littte fool. “Oh, I wouldn’t/' I said, “you aright show some sense if you did that.” “Young man,” said the skull with an in sulting drawl (T ground hiv teeth); “do not imagine that I enjoy talking to you, for I do not. I have merely protected myself from in dignity by so doing. Should you ever again attempt io dislocate my jaw I will work harm to one whom you love.” “ Who/’ [ gasped. “ Your fiancee.” “ What do you know about her ?” “ She was once my fiancee. “ Why not “ You He !” I cried. No answer. “ Didn’t you Ho?” I asked, backing down. No answer. “ I’ll go out aud throw dust and ashes on my head if you wish, and will only forgive mo. But wasn’t it a er—mistake? What’s some times called or—er—He ?” 44 No,” replied the skull. 41 I could not tell “ But how old is Marie then ?” my heart leaping into my mouth at thought of my dear little love. “ Methusnleh was an inf ant in arms compared 14 Great heavens,” I cried, “ look at her cheeks ; they aro like rose leaves and her chin is as smooth as a child’s. You lie, yon know you do.” No answer. “ Didn’t you lie?” No answer. “ Pleaso excuse me, sir. I only meant how can Mane look so young if aha is so—if she isn’t young?” “ The dond who still live learn secrets. Ono is about a face paste containing no load, bis muth, arsenic or any other injurious ingre dient and superior to alL.othej* washes. The secret is to make sure of the trade-mark when asking for it.” • 44 What is tho trade-mark.” I asked. “Ido not know. I never cared for my complexion. I think it neater just to wear 441 do not believe you even know Mario. You H-1 moan couldn’t you bo mis Hegava a blood-curdling chuckle. 1 “ That little broken tooth on tho left side of her mouth—I broke it. I throw my skull at her, after I was dead, because ahe forgot mo. There is a email scar on her lip over tho tooth; I made that, too. Garoo ! Garoo! l Then my reason left me for I had kissed that scar. I got down on my knees aud my voice trembled. “Oh, wondurful being, did-did j Marie love you too? ” , 44 Madly, wildly, passionately, devotedly.” 44 Did she ever say to you, 4 £ feel that death, that eternity can never change our love; it will always be the a nne ?’» 44 Her exact words.” “ And yet she has changed, will . aho alao change toward me?” “Yes. One hundred years from now your Skull will bo a bit of bric-a-brac in her drawing room, and you will hear her say those very words to another man. Then in your anger you will discharge yourself at her head, as £did, aud she will have another little broken tooth and another tiny scar. We will then both * belong to the order of4 Catapult-skull*/ ” “ Oh, heavens !” I groaned, 441 cannot bear it.” I pat my »i nd to my head to see if it still felt firm; then the room grew dark. I heard a ringing sound, a devilish laugh. I knew no more. When I woke up I was lying on n y bed —howcame I there? The sun was streaming into the room, the skull seemed to grin at me, with toothless jaws and hollow eyre. I shud dered and felt so faint that I look o pull of brandy. I had astern task before me. I got a wooden box and placed it open beneath the edge of the disk. Then I poked tho skull off the shelf with sn umbrella. He fell into 1 he box with a crash: it made me think of a catapult’s. I did not look to eeo if the beast was broken. I flung the lid on and jumped updn it. Then I nailed it down. .. It was stiU early morning. \ T crept down to i he river and -flung in the box. •' ■ ’ For weeks I was miserably ill, though I kept up. Then I wentiotho AeoieBonasailing vessel ami was away two months. After my return my mother said to me one dnv: “Uy the way. did you know that your brother lies been'studying; veutriloi[uiam for three or four months *r i le lias become very pro tlcient at it.” I am still try ing to earn Marie's forgiveness for two months’ silence and absence, uacl for being a gullible imbecile. For my brother I am layiug low.—“ Detroit Free Press.’’_ 