BUTTE HILL BURYING GROUND. Sis Toennted Almnost Wholly by MDIon Wile Dictl With Their Boots On. As the traveler approaches Billings fron the cast, he sees to the loft of the railroad a large number of houses, mostly of primitive construction. There is a gap of open country and then comes Billings. That suburb is worth a visit. It is part of Montana's history. It ! is Coulson. The houses, with a single ex oeption, are untenate ed, and have been for some years. It is said that people coming to Billings find it diflicult to got houses. But it is never suggested that the surplus population be gathered at Coulson.. If there is not a first-class ghost story for every house in the de serted town, then thlings are not as they should bo. If you go to Coulson you must climb "Butte Hill" and see the Coulson burying-ground. Twenty-four mnci are buried there, and twenty-thiee of them died with their boots on. One day California Jack-every bor dor town had its California Jack ilaked his last twenty-dollar gold-piece it the faro table and lost it. He got up, feeling ugly, walked outdoors and into the restaurant which was near by. Several men were there, and a little waiter who knew California Jack in< timately was sitting on a table swinging his feet. "I'll shoot the first man that speaks," said California Jack. '"What's the matter with you?" called out the waiter in a bantering tone. SCalifornia Jack put his left hand on the little fellow's shoulder and at the same instant drew his pistol and shot his victim through the heart.: It was such a cold-blooded affair that the men in the place, usually ready, sat as if paralyzed just long enough to let Cali fornia Jack swing himself upon his horse and get out of range. Then there was hasty recruiting of a posse, but. it was too late. California Jack escaped and never came back to Coulson. That is the way one of the twenty three graves on "Butte Hill" was filled. The other stories are like unto it. Coul son was here before Billings was. It was the great outfitting point for the buffalo hunters. It was a frontier me tropolis. When the railroad approached the Coulson people saw their town a second Chicago. Coulson boomed until the railroad company built by it, got n section of land, a couple of miles fur ther west, and located Billings. It was proposed to connect the new town and the old town with a street railroad. The cars were even ordered and re ceived. But the project went the way oJ so many other schemes of the early days. People gradually moved away from Coulson until only "Liver-Eating" John son remained. Mr. Johnson is credited with having taken 1,239 Sioux scalps. Once upon a time he and two compan ions had an unusually severe tussle with the "varmints." Mr. Johnson was so worked up over the struggle that at the end of it he cut out the liver of an Indian and devoured it in the presence of his companions, who told the story. Ever since that time he has been known as "Liver-Eating" Johnson, and he makes no denial of the incident. The historical associations at Coulson are not unpleasant to Mr. Johnson, and the ghost stories do vot disturb his slum *bers.-- ---- - . -. - 