Fernforoon Double, loorniKiuT.] Rofn»«e© of Maori land. »v Atha Westbury. IMIOKOOUE. *HK lUmKl.Vfl SCItOONKK. On t ho ovoninfi of tho 10th Docombor, 13_, tho 'Durham Castlo' morchant miii, '2000 tons rogiater, lay liko a hugo W-ii upon tho watora. In tho breathloss stilhtesH of a tropical afternoon, tho ;1ir was liot and heavy, and tho oky lirnzeii and cloudless. Thoro was not a niiir of wind to nilllu tho surfiico of tho uci'an, upon which tho ship roeo and foil with tho monotony of a clock's pondu luii). Ttic sun lia'i just got low enough to poop beneath Iho it (ruing thnfc covorcd tho ', |ii(i|i dock, and sprond its rays athwart tho | li^nre of a man asloop on tho cabin sky li:;lit. Save for tho man nt tho wheel, and another at tho quarter railin', tho jKviier wan alone on tho deck. In tho iili.-ionco of a breuzo tho ship rolled and intvlied on the heaving sea. her idlo sails Ilippiii' against tho mast with a rogulnr recurring noiao, and her bowsprit rose lii^lu-r with tho swoll of tho water, only to ilip sigain the next moment with a jerk that made each rope tromblo and taulcn. Tho Diirmm O:istle had boon sixty fivo ilnys out from tho Land's End, and was fast approaching hor destination, when a dead, sleepy calm environed tho V03sel as if site had entered tho Dead Sea. Tho appearinco of the ship differed in no wise from lhat of an ordinary linor, except: perhaps thnt she carried a more than ordinary complement of passengers. The intense heat had driven these bclowi sumo to indulgo in cards and other games, Rome to road, and tho remainder to sleep —like tho man reposing on tlio cabin skylight. By and by, as tho sun sunk lower down on tho vast area of golden azure, this personago awoko. Stretching himself aft^r tho manner of a pondoroua ape, he throw a quick glanco upward at the Happing sails, and t lion called out in a loud voice — ' For'ard thoro 1' ?' Ayo, ayo capt'n,' replied the man forward. 'Pass the word for Mr Jonos,' ho died, then rising and advancing towards tho binnacle. 11 No sign of a changoyot, Bonson,' ho exclaimed. ' None whatever, Captain,' responded the man at tho wheel. ' There isn't as much wind as would fill a papor bal loon.' Mr Jones, tho chiof officer til the Dur ham Castle, a bandy-legged, big boarded, »rull- voiced son of Noptuno, waddlod on deck, and drew near bis superior— Cap- tain .Tepp Bowman. ' llcef tho topsails, and haul fast tho foresheot ar.d jib, Mr Jones,' said the skipper. Wo may as well makn every thing'snug for tho night. Tho commotion overhead rousod tho attention of tho passongers, who flocked on deck to watch, and some to help tho crew in taking in sail. Many were hero who cast anxious glances over tho broad expanse of waters in search of tho first glimpso of that now land, which for tho future was to bo their homo. Othera there wero, and of those not a fow, who woro returning homo again from a visit to that older and former home. Tho colo nist, tho emigrant, tho needy, and the well-to-do, all crowded together to watch tho sun go down into tho vast soa in all his glory of crimson and gold. ' How many days before wo reacu port, captain?' asks a tall, burly sheep farmor, returning to his station on tho Patoa, from a trip to Scotland. '? Well, I rockon if 'wo havo no better wind than wo'vo had lately, wo shall roach Auckland about Tib's Kvo, which, by the way. is neither before or after Christ, mas,' replied tho skipper, laughing. ' Oh, but I trust to oat my Christmas dinner at Glenbock with tho Missus and weans,' replied the farmer. man ; ' a cat's paw will waft us into porti if we can only get it.' ' Then wo are noar land 1' ' ' Very noar. According to my calcu lation tho Great Barrier is not a hundred knots distant. I oxpeot to eight its poak every hour.' Tho news soon spread, and when tho dinner boll rang there assembled a glad »omo array of faceB in tho saloon and tho foro part of tho ship to congratulate each other that tho end of the long and todious voyage was drawing noar. DarknesB came apaco with hosts of stars, wiuc.i weru uurroruu on tiiu uuoum ui wi« glassy son, like unto Bomo wonderful floor studded with diamonds. On deck tho paHsongora are standing in knots, laugh ing and chatting and smoking. ' Vino night 1' says one of theso — a well-mado, Boldiorly-looking old gontle mnn, striding np to tho captain, and join -Jp ing his pace with that of tho skippor. V /'v ' No signs of a broozo yet, though, ' ijralolonol Langrosvo.' in ' U°7 provoking 1' )!k Just then, from out of tho violet haw ' that hung over tho horizon, a slrango glare or ngno uroKo. ' Hallo !'exclaimod tho colonel ; 'did you see that ?' Oiptain Bowman rubbed his oyoa 'I saw it distinctly— a llaah of light.' TCvory ono on deck had soon it. 'Mr Tremain, tho second oflicor, saw something liko that boforo dinnor, Thero must bo thunder in tho air,' responded tho captain, passing into his cabin for his night gland. Ero tho aUippov returned a thin streak of light shot up for an instant, them Rank d«nin. The captain had aeon it. .Plac ing his glasses in tho direction, ho lookod long nnd carefully. 'What ia it, airi' intorrogatod tho colonel. ' I can hardly mako it out,' replied tho captain, still looking intontly through hia glssn. ' Tinro seems to reat a tiny bhek cloud on tho oi t re n- e ond of tho weetorn horizon ; and if it was not for the crim son sky I should say Ihore wm flamo with tho cloud.' 'Whab! A fire r ' Aye 1' An hour later om simultaneous ex clamation burst from all tho watohen on deck. From out the gloom thoro rose a column of flamo that lighted up tho night for tho spaco of two seconds, and then foil, leaving a dull red spark upon tho water. ' It is a ship on firo, gentlemen 1' cried tho captain, and in tho samo breath an order was givon to lower a boat. The long boat waa in tho water in a few minutes, and Mr Jonoa stood by the gangway awaiting furthor orders from his chiof. 'Sho does nob appear a very large ? ii ? £- — ..««« v»*%* v[»ijv-iiu, in ttiinnuF to a quostion put by aome ono noar. 'A fore-and-aft schooner, I should say, by the cut of hor ; but sho is along way to leeward, a good ton miles or more, Mr Jonoa.' 'Aye, aye, sir.' 'Put a keg ol water and a flask of brandy aboard ; then call tho watch.1' 'Poor devils; they will bo roastod liko chestnuts,' muttered tho colonol, as tho glow in tho aky bocamo moro and more intense ' They've gotthoir own boats,' says Captain Bowman, coolly ; and you may bo certain they will mako uso of them. In tho moantimo I'll show thorn tfcat there's some one noar. Thoro, they'll see that, ho added, as a rocket roso up ward with its ghaatly flame in tho air. ' Mr Jonos, man the long boat with six men. You may take a volunteer or two from any of thoso gentlomen willing to go with you.' In a moment a- score proffored thoir aorvioes, but only a rolay for tho six oars woro selected, and tho boat pushed off into tho darknoss. Tho sea appeared oil rathor than water. Hugo foamloss billows rolled onward without a sound — nay. tho very stillness of tho air aeomod omptied of sound, save for tho dip of tho oars, whick waa ro echoed in apaco by a succession of Btrango impressions like voices. Tho men pulled with a will. As tho blades struck tha dark element it flashed fire, and the track of tho boat resembled a soa snake writhing through a lako of silver.4 ' Givo way, Mb!' urges thomato with a cheery voice, and tho rbwors, with sot tcelh and compressed lips, propol the little vesaol along with tho speed of a atcam yacht. By and by they s in a cloud of a 111 ok o which hanga over tho crimsoned waters, and tho order is givon to oaso off a little. Tho burning ship is close at hand now. Mr Jones wonders that- no boats havo boon mot with. Rais ing his voice ho bids his oxhaustod crew lay on their oars ; then ho hails the- burn- ing vessel. Sho ia a hugo, clumsily built schooner, with great breadth of beam. Though tho firo had only boon seen but an hour or two ago by thoso on tho Durham Caatlo, tho craft was already a wreck, and ap peared completely deaesrted. Amidships and tho lower deck was ono mass of llamo. Her ports presented gjreat charred rifta and gaps, whoro tho red hot firo glowed a3 through tho bars of a gigantic furnace. Tho masts had gono by tho board, und trailed a blackened wreck in the water. Tho flames still roared liko a cataract, amidst huge volumes of smoke, which rolled away liko a cloud over tho sea. The mate pulled slowly round the storn, and huiled tho deck again and again. Still thero was no answer, though tho flood of light that dyed tho water struck out ovory Bpar and ropo as distinct aud clear aa noon-day. 'What is her namo, mon ? Can you aee !' roared tho mato through hia hands. jih fchfl hoah drniv nnnrnr Ono of tho men in tho bow stood up, and shading hia oyes with hia hands, called out — ' It is tho ' Seagull,' sir 1' 'Tho Soagull 1 From where?' ' Sydney, New South Wales I' again cried tho bowman, aniid* the roar of flames. 'That will do. Back water mon. Round with her. Thore is not a living soul here,' cried the oilicor, and ho gavo tho order to pull back to tho ship. Mr Jones was mistaken though. Through tho gloom, and shrouded in the cloud of thick smoko, two mon lay to in a boat. Tho oara were in thoir liandsv, but they did not uso thorn. 'With strain ing eyes theao two peraonages watched tho movements of Mr Jones and his com whon the mate passed noar on bin return, ono of them put out hiB hand as if to call out, but tho other with a quick move men:, soized him by the throat, and mut tered, in a smothered angry tone, ' fool.J would j'oii betray us V Ho hold him own until the othera had passed by, and loft tho lurid mass but a rod speck in tho distance. When day broke, and tho Durham Castlo appeared but a speck upon tho vast surfaco of watora, thoso two solitary men hoisted an old tattered sail thoy had with, thorn in tho boat, aud sailed away from tho oharred wreck of tho ill-fated schooner, stooring a courso almost due west. CHAPTER I,v PtittNIIUOOK. No spot in tlio wholo Southern Hemis phere can boaa\ such a rugged and im posing coaBt linbns Now Zealand. On its most northern bdgo towora tho Great Barrier Hock — tho firnt point on which tho ocean (cased rjarinor rests his woary eye — tho firm l.tiidlaoon whon bearing up for Maoriland. 1 strango land this. Along its shoros t\o vision oncountors huiio and mystic Rhinos at ovorv turn of tho sea wall. Ha-o, tho Colossus of Rhodes ; thoro a ponlorous Sphinx, ris ing ahoor abovo ita (follows, and whoso bi'.iso haB boon lapped W tho rosiloss wavoB for a thousand yoars.V Truly, a Btriin;;u cAintry is this of To waito, t.liu Maori, nil tho most mystic and awe-inspiring spofof all in that of tho Barrier Rock, Save thlFire ft£ouuta\u,of Tongongora, it ia tho grandoRt ond also tho highest point in Now Zealand. It is a gigantio mount, as largo an Gibraltar, and equally ringed in by tho soa, excopt »t the western ond, where thero is a nar row strip of kauri foroat, which link» it with the mainland. Viewed from tho sea tho Barrier pro Bonts the appearance of an exact cono up to within liicy yardB of its top. Thero tho sloping onds. Beyond it ia trooloss, and as baro and bald as the crown of 0 friar j otherwiBo tho aides of tho giant gtiardiau of Maoriland aro densely wooded to tho waters edge. Singular indeed, betimes, i.- the tree loss summit. Seamed and starred, its surface ia mottled with p k clazo, which, during the sunligh .md even under tho mellower beams of tho moon, ffivos forth a coruscation, as if tho lights wero reflocted from scale armour. Riven rocks, with deep yawning chasms, aro everywhere around it, and tho strango glow is over all.» No northern painter in primeval day ever dreamed of forms so mighty, so grotesque, as seems to look down upon you from the rocks arouud. It required only a vory meagre stretch of tho imagination to pooplo those hoighta nnd depths with a raco of Titans, to con juro up tho sculptor at hia work, rude though it may be, aftor all tho countless agea that havo passed. On tho southern side of the Barrier, and within a mile of that naKow neck of earth which joined tho great rock to tho mainland, stood a large and solidly built mansion. Its position was a broad, slop ing ridge, which ran parallol with the base of tho mount for more than half its entire length, overlooking a lovely valley. The architectural stylo of ttis building was almost as quaint and as strong as the ?natural walls of rock surrounding it. Thirty years previous to tho opening of this story, Oolonol Harry Fernbrook— a umdsomo, dashing Bpendthnft, wno naa ?un through a largo fortuno in London, iold his commission, and with the money (migrated to New Zealand and purchased ;ho Barrier Hock and ita adjacent land rom old Te Huri, tho Maori chioftain, md thero made his futuro homo. The colonel, who was a bachelor, had lot boon settled twolvo months at tho Etock ero ho foil in love, and married Myra Hilton, a Maori half-cast girl of ;reat beauty, and heiress to immonse wealth. Ono son only was tho issue of this mar riage — Hilton Fernbrook. The boy was sixteen years old when ho lost his parents by a boating accident off tho Barrior during a squall, and tho duty 3f tho youth's personal welfare devolved upon Rita, a tall ailont Maori woman who had been Mrs Fernbrook's nurse and chief domestic. A bold, woird looking landscape is this around tho Barrior Rock, with its gliaton. ing pinnacles, its far receding peaks and downs of worn rock with the setting sun full upon them, and lighting up many » gloomy dell bolow. llero where the sun glinted upon the faco of tho cliff an iris might be seen shining amidst tho fleoce-liko vapor. But raro waa the eyo that beheld this boauti ful phenomenon, for tho place had tho reputation of being haunted. Fow thero aro in our day who believe in ghosts. This go-a-head era of telephones and telegraphs has grown out of all that. We have become too matter-of-fawt and prac tical for such humbug. Nevertheless, ho was a bold follow who would vonturo alono into tho dim and dismal region of that ravino, and not feol the influonco of the place upon his nerves. It was ovident somo daring mortal had ignored tho peril, for a tiny spiral column of smoko could be seen ascending from tho haunted dopths of the ravino upward to whoro a kind of atairway waa traced, formod of croopora, tho outstanding stems sorving as steps. It was only by standing upon tho very outer ledge above, and parting tho foliage that screened it that tho amoko could be aeon.; and if only Buporficially obsorvod, 'it might easily havo beon mistaken for a strong waif of the fog that Uoated abovo tho waterfall near which it roso. Clonoly scrutinised, howovor, its bluo color and soft filmy haze rondored it rocognisablo as the smoko of a wood firo, and ono that must havo been mado by somo human handB. , ? Under tho branches of a large kauri standing by the edgo of tho lagoon a canoo of rudo construction was moorod by a twisted pioce of supplojack attached to tho treo. Nor was this tho only indi cation of the presence of man. Olose under tho cliff, and near whoro tho tor tent came tumbling down from tho rocks stood a kauri pine of onorraous dimen sions. Its buttressed trunk covered a surfaco of moro than forty feet in di nmntnr. and tho ton roso nearly to tho brow of tho clifl', with ft thick foliage upon it which completely abut out the viows overhead. Boneath it stood a wharo, or Maori hut, constructed of flax thongs and rushes, with a door opening out to tho path up tho rock. Fow, and simple indeed worn the articles of furni turo in this primitive abode. A couch mado from two poles interlaced with dried flax and fern thereon, formod a bod, a shaot of bark placed upon four stakes for a table, and a kauri log for a soat. Savo an old tin kottlo and ono or two utonails, there was nothing olno in tho establish ment in tho way of goods and ohattola. Against tho walls hung a variety of aingu lar objects. Tho skull and tusks of a savage boar, enormous bats, with human like faces, ugly snakes, strings of toath and beads, ond quaint images carvod in wood. Squatting by tho door of tho wharo waa a Maori smoking a black, short clay pipo. Ho was of gigantic proportiono, and frightfully tattooed ovor ovory part of his faco. Between bis broad shouldors was set a bull-like hoad almost nocklesa. This personage was ovidontly watching and waiting for tho appoaranco of somo one expected by way of tho cliff, for at tho slichtost sound ho would orano himself and listen intontly. At such times his back was bent liko a bow, presenting » groat hunoh, partly tho effect of advanced ago, and partly from natural m»lfor Tho Maori's costume vrna in keeping with Ilia abode. A short thick tamba (clonk) of mica, jack booto, much worn, togethor with a blanket formod into » toga (coat), completed his costume. Aft hia hand stood n double-burrelled gun, with a ahot bag manufactured from the akin of somo wild animal. Whoever the individual might bo for whom tho old Mauri watched aud waited, did not nppsar to hurry, for tho sun - be gan to dip into tho sea away boyond the Tonga Reef ore tho expectod personage marie his appearance. In tho fast deepening twilight tho form of a man appeared at the apex of tho cliff, who gave a peculiar cry, in imitation of tho toho.. Tho Muoi'i bolow immediately sprang to his foot at tho Aound, and began climbing, up the face of tho jagged rock with astonishing rapidity. The lagoon reached, ho unfastened tho canoo from its moorings, and paddled acrosa to where tlm man atood for whom he hsrl boon waiting. Thoro wiia juat light auflicioni to see that this Jattor porsonago was a littlo hardy-looking young man, und with a form as lithe and supple as an 00!. His faco, though bearing no particular indi cations of manly beauty, denoted both daring and cunning in a remarkable do greo, otherwise thoro was nothing to mark the man from any ordinary mertal, ox cept whon ho opened his mouth ; then ono folt a diiiagvccablc sensation, as may be fait at the growl of a imnthor or the croak of a raven. hi a very short timg the pair recrossed tbo lagoon and dosoended tho cliff. ? Not a word passed between them till they reached the hut. Thero tho Pakoha (whito man) throw himself upon tho rude 'couch, and emitted a long whistlo of reliaf. 'So this is tho Great Bnrrior, is it ?' he criod, with a mild irony in his un pleasant voice. ' I irucss l'vo soon some few places on this globo boaidos Now Zea land, but hang mo as high aa Captain Bragg if over I saw anything to compare wilh this. Thoro isn't a lovel yard of terra Jirma on tho entiro rock. If ono wants to' go ovor tho way to visit ono's neighbour, although thero are no neigh bours hereabouts that I can see, you can't do it under five or six milna climbing. Faugh ! givo me n match, Bosco.' The huge Maori grinned, and at tho aame time handed his white oompanion a curioualy carved box containing vcatas. '' Now, old follow, I'm going to reat hero for half. an hour,' continued tho little man, lighting a cigar, and handing anothor to his companion, ' In the in terim I want you to see that the gear is put into the boat all ready to make a start.' ' What, to- riight ?' enquired tho Maori. ' To-night, Bosco ! Tho moon will bo up in an hour. Wo will sail whon thore'a light enough, if you please.' The herculean savage gavo a grunt pe~ culiar to tho Maori race, lit his oigar, and loft tho hut. Tho other sat and finokod in silence for somo time, until his thoughts found vent in audible muttor ings. ' Egad 1 this is going tho tickot, and no mistake,' he cried, hiking tho cigar from his lips and apo3trophising the «urling smoke abovo his hoad. ' Here am I, Timothy Sharps, alias tho Ferrot, and valet-do-sham to his greatness Mr Hilton Fernbrook, lord of the Bnrrior Rock. Hero am I, ambassador, courier, herald tho approach of my boss — mast or, I mean — to this his home, after an ab senco of five years spent in England, and on tho continent of Europe. Hal ha 1 ha 1 it's raro fun to bo a gontleman, and to do tho grand tour aa tho boss and I havo done for tiioao years past. Ho 1 ho 1 ho 1' And the idoa ao tickled tho riaiblo muscles of tho littlo man that ho rolled over tho bunk in a fit of uncontrollable merrimont. 'Woll, woll, l'vo dono my mission horo satisfactorily at any rate ' when ho had recovered himself. ' Ono trump card played, which will go far to win tho game if proporly followed up.' 'Now, lot mo glance onco moro over my instructions to mako suro I have missed nothing. First to givo Bosco, tho Maori, half a dozen linos scribbled in somo out landish fashion that old Nick himself could not road. The savago read it though, and deuced glad and ploasod ho sooiued after it too. He placed himself nt. onon nntirolv at mv disooafil. and nut tho missive away in his dirty blanket as if it had boon tho Kohinoi'ir. Second — recoived at tho houso— when I got thore, that is, which took a terrible ? time, and devilish tirod 1 felt, too, scraping my shins againut tho sharp, atoep rocks— re- ceiv edat tho house with open arms, nnd e specially by that tall, dark old sho cat — Rita, tho housokcopor. What on oye bIio has, and what long claws for scratching. Humph 1 Forret, you rascal, bowaro of that Maori devil in petticoats. How her withered faco lighted up whon I told hor lhat Master Hiiton was coming home. Ah, woll! if tho pluco doosn't suit you, Timothy Sharpe, you can give notice. Ha 1 ha 1 ha 1 Lastly, I am not to delay my return ; very well, Master Hilton Fernbrook. Tho wind is fair for our sixty milo journoy, and I'm glad it is bo, for an open fishing boat is not tho most safo andcomfortablo conveyanoo on the coast of Now Zealand on a dark night, and with a chopping soa on. Entre nous, Forrot, if tho wind holds tho Mastor of Fornbrcok shall sue tho face of his humblo servant oro to-morrow'a dawn.' 'Who's thero?' Tho harsh voico croaked out tho latter exclamation fiorco. ly, and at tho aamo instant a revolver was pulled forth from tho breast of his but tonod up coat, 'Bah! it's only Bosoo returning,' he criod, after nn intonao pause. ' This in fornol den ot peaks and chasms wojild^un norvo tho devil himsolf.' \ Ho had only time to roplaootho weapon in his coat when tho Maori ro-ontored tho wharo. ' .'. 'Woll, tho boat is ready?' 'Yos.' ? ' Come then, load the way Bosco,' cried the other, rising, and lighting a fj'oih cigar. My master gave rao positive) orders to bo back at Pukonhina by to.-morroy morning,'— Te bt Continued. FBI ? ? - jaglfck ' ' ' ' ' ?;'''''?&*: 