FRINGE CHARMING; OH Ey Sister Guinevere. By Tumi-lb. You ::y rou are surprised my sister Gaiue- v. re never married ; that, beautiful as she is even m.-.v in the faded pallor of her forty years, she must have been supreme in her early youth; a i'd that her grand manner alone would seem t o have marked her out a grand alliance — one choren from among the many of the highest in- the land offered to her. And you are too well bred to add what 1 see you feel that you are just us much surprised to find me, who am a mere nobody compared to my sister — small and davit and shy even yet, for all my four big hsvs, while she is tall and fair and regal — here at the head of this princely establishment, and the wife of a man like my husband, for whom Guinevere seems to be in every way fitted more than myself. Well, it is strange, X.admit. But shall I tell vou my sister's story? It is not quite one if every day life, though there is nothing out rageously sensational in it. Still, it may in terest vou as a study of circumstance and character ; and, at all events, it is ; trim. ! We were always what you see us now —the ! queen and her subject, the adored and her 1 adorer, a mistress and her slave. Guinevere, five yearn older than I, was, as long as I can remember, like some kind of a superior being whom it was my duty as well as my joy to worship and obey. Her beauty was always phenomenal to me, more especially as I , had none. No, do not say " Oh !" in that de precating way. It is very nnkind of you to wish to spare mr self-love, and put me on good terms with myself; but I hate heard the truth too often. As a child I distressed ray mother many times to tears, when she was low-apirited, be cause she said I was so like a little Aztec or horror of that kind ; and as a girl she often de clined to take me into society, because I was such a contrast to Guinevere that, she said, she was ashamed of me. But my husband and my bors are satisfied with me, and that is everything. And, indeed, only yesterday my busband said to me laugh ing : " I declare, Rachel, you are getting quite pretty in your old age !" So perhaps I am growing less plain. Women sometimes do as they get older. Yon do not mind my telling you this nonsense ? It is only for fan, not vanity. But if 1 was the Aztec of the family, Guine vere was the flower — our crown imperial, our stately lily, our royal queen, our hope, our love, our enchantment. There were no brothera, aud she was tlio heir. We were not made joint heiresses ; but Guinevere, as was only fitting, was made sole heiress, and I had a younger child's portion. When my father explained this to me, I told him how glad I was, as Guinevere was born for wealth and position, and I was not ; and it was only right that she should keep the family name when she married, and be the representative of the house as if she had been a son. She was the superior and my queen. "Then yon are not jealous — not disappointed little Rachel 1. Yon do not think I have done wrong by you ?" my dear father said, drawing me nearer to him. I thought he looked a little anxiously into my face, as if he were troubled and wanted re assuring. Dear, dear father! I have often thought since that he was not quite sure of the Tightness of his decision. But it waB right, quite right. " Jealous of Guinevere ? sorry that you have made her the bead of the family ? No, lather, darling,"! said; "how should I be ? lonhave done only what is right aud wise, and I am glad and grateful — very glad that Guinevere is to -be always the superior, and very grateful that you have thought- it worth while to speak to ms abcut it at all. And here I kissed him, and stroked down his dear bushy beard as .1 used when a little one ; but Re held me to him very, .very close, and kissed me back again with something so sweet and almost sorrowful in his manner — and some- thinrr almost like tears in his eves. ' I hope 1 have done right," he said, softly " but it seems cruel and unjust,'"' headded, as if speaking to himself. Mother, however, saw the things as I did, and spoke to him rather sharply. " Nonsense, Jerome l"she said in her quick way. " How could such a girl as Rachel carry off the dignity of her position or bear the weight of heirship ? It would be ridiculous to make her c-qual with Guinevere. She haw neither manner nor beauty, neither dignity nor style, and no chance of ever getting either. Guine vere is of course the head of the house, and must represent the family when we have gone. How could it be otherwise ? Rachel is out of the question. " Ah, well, I suppose it most be bo ; and little Rachel does not mind," said my father. "Of couree not; she knows better;" returned my mother, always a little sharply and as if she Were displeased. I fancy they had had a long discussion on the matter, and that she had at lasL persuaded my father against his original intention of leaving us joint heiresses. " I trust she has too much good feeling, and too much sense of duty and propriety to ob ject to an arrangement 6o manifestly proper, so c"'? marked out by Providence," she added impressively ; and I said - " I hope so, too, mother," to confirm her and cheer up my father. I was almost sixteen when this was told me. Guinevere was just twenty-one. At sixteen a 8k f® rarely very solicitous about money or the future ; anil did not care for either one or the other. But if I had I should have been re joiced all the same that my sister should receive by my father s will what she deserved by right natural inheritance, and that she should be bade the head of the house by law aa she was our queen by love. Beautiful as she was, the heiress of such a fine estate as the Knoll,' and with what my tD. er prized qnitc as much aa her beauty — £ ODCe hoard called the " main factor in the sum of her charms"— her perfect 'stylo — you may be sore that lovers were not wanting to Guinevere. -.Jibe had as many as Portia, and she was as ttuncult to please as her prototype. She took exception to every one, end made insuperable obstacles out of the most trivial matters. A juans name, tlie colour of his hair andthe way In which he wore it, his voice, his bands, biB favorite flowers, bis manners,' eveni his sisters , hiB veiy scan pin and rings — anything was rea- - son enough why she should reject him ; .tail tefty it seemed aa if she had vowed herself to celibacy altogether and did notintend to many, j anyone. - - My mother used toget qnite vBxedwithiier ; for some of the offers were of a-kmd whichdid honor even to such a queen- amongst Women as Guinevere ; and, as 'mother, said, theae .godd chances do not come J tod often in Any igjil's ' But Guinevera .st< Jier %ronhfl Jflre sdme stately flower wtedt ahnto iteeUbp'lf been eo same cold tog all men's Jmsfcid:|vin hearts, hut never>ioBfhg her-jowiy®ud Jinakihgj the idmappomtea«di« coldness grew mem mother ineouicHung -J J-rT sft q _ Which wasJ®Mnd2SS&Bran7; One day he seemed to have come. At least we all thought so, and it seemed impossible but that Guinevere should not think so too. Our neighbour, Morse Herbert; came home. He had been a long time abroad — ever since his fathers death — but at last he came back and prepared to live at bis beautiful place. Every one was very glad, for au empty bouse like Wilmington Hall makes a great difference in a small society like ours ; nnd then Mr. Herbert himself was popular, and people were pleased to seo him again. He i3 - handsome now, but in those days twenty years ago, he was simply magni ficent. He was as handsome for a man as Guinevere was for a woman. And that was eayiug everything. When they stood side by side together it was really grand to see them. They looked like something one had seen in a dream or a picture — something ideal and beyond one's ordinary experience. It was evidently the match for Guinevere. He was rich, of right age, handsome, in every way desirable ; and although his father belonged to the newly rich, Morse himself was, as you know hiu, something more than an every-day gentleman. He was a Bayard. Soou the neighborhood settled it all to its own satisfaction and gave these two to each other, according to the law of manifest fitness and destiny as they said. And soon, of course, he fell in love with lier. Who conld help it ? They all did. Besides, these two were fitted to each other. No ; do not shake your bead, They wire in those days ; if only she eould have seen it, aud made herself soft aud plastic ! It seemed as if nature had betrothed them, and some malign influence interfered to prevent the thing from going right. Nor in spite of all Morse Herbert's handsome looks and fine estate, in spite of all his noble nature and fer vent love, Guinevere wonld have nothing to say to him. When he made the inevitable offer she refused him, just as she had refused others; and all that conld be got out of her, when my father and mother remonstrated with her was, — " He is all very well, but he is not Prince Charming." I remember my father turning away in a rage when she said this in her quiet, sarcastic way. He was bo seldom angry, dear, good, father, that it made a great impression on me. ' The girl is crazed with vanity," 1 heard him say in a low voice. "She does not know what she wants, and some day she will make a tre mendous mistake, and then she will come to her senses when it is too late. That will be her punishment." I was standing near him at the time when he said this — so near that he knew that I must have heard him. It went to my heart to hear him blame Guinevere. To me Ehe was so grand and beautiful — so free from fault — and bo was he. 1 could not bear to see the smallest misunder standing between them, so 1 took his hand and kissed it. and said to him lovingly, — " You wonld not have her marry him if 'she does not love him, dearest father, would yon ? That wonld not be right." "No, my Rachel," he answered kindly. " But it argues some kind of moral perversity that shi does uotlove him. No one else in the field and she ought to love him. If she were a good girl she would." "No, no, there is nothing morally wrong about Guinevere !" I said. " She is fastidious, if you like, and seems unable to be won by any man, but she is good and true and noble, and she is not to be blamed because she will not marry even such a man as Morse Herbert if she does not really lovehim." 1 remember now how my dear father looked at me when I said this ; and how he drew me near to him, and said with his sweet smile, — " I ought to be a proud father ! I have a queen for one daughter, and an angel for another-! If that does not content a man, what should V" But really, though it made me divinely happy to be praised by him, I did not see why lie should call me an angel because I defended my beloved sister, who had always been like some kind of goodness or superior being to me! This matter of Morse Herbert's, however, did not rest here, for that evening my father and mother had a long talk with Guiuevere, to which I was not admitted, but which ended by Guinevere consenting to something unpleasant. For she said to me at night, when I went to read her to sleep, as I always did, — ' Yon are very happy, .little Rachel. not to be the eldest of the family, and the grand matri monial investment. Heirship and queenship, though all very well, have at times their dis advantages ; and it may be better to be a humble little daisy than a crown imperial lily, as yon sometimes call me !" - She did not speak with feeling or with temper, or as if she were sorry or annoyed ; jus with that little disdainful curl of her I ea itiful lips which was habitual with her when things went cross ; and of coarse I did not dare to ask 'her more than she chose to tell. We were always so much more like queen and sub ject than like daughters of the same father and mother, that I never presumed to take liberties with her — nor with my mother. My father and I were the friends ; but with my mother and Guinevere, though 1 adored them both — especially Guinevere, I was always on the lower plane, and of both— I confess it candidly — I was a little afraid. The next day — I do not know why, bat I be lieve that my mother wrote to him— Morse Herbert came over to the Knoll, about half an hour before luncheon. He was with Guinevere alone in the drawing room for some time, and brought her into luncheon on his arm. I re member how deadly pale she was, and how flushed and triumphant, yet ill at ease, he looked. And I remember he trembled like a girl when be shook hands with me and said in a voice that was scarcely like liis own, — " You must congratulate me, Rachel, I am going to be your brother, and marry Guine vere." \- Bo then, he and my sister were engaged 1 The proud and stately swan was at last tamed ; the flower had at last. opened to the sun! But for what means? Not ordinary ones, for the en gagement was not like those one reads of or fancies for one's self when, one is young ; and for the first and only time in my lite I was in clined to be hard on Guinevere. She was so cold to him , so disdainful. At hgr best she was only placidly indifferent, at her worst she was actively sarcastic, and seemed to take' a cruel pleasure' id wounding him. And I thought that assbehadacceptedhim, she ought to have be haved with more consideration. I used to wonder' how he bore it, such - a high-spirited man in all other Rungs as his was But ho was so desperately in love wjth her in those days, he Would have borne anything, only for the delightof sitting by her and looking at .her an d calling her his. And her very coldness inade him more rleaperato, aa it had made so many othersl Ft; was: something -to battle against— something to straggle with and over come va ilrind dfxhallenge flung flown to the ; menwlib caredjfofher; which they accepted aa Atalanta's Jovers acceptedhersi Atal&Uta; -defied thbse wlio fqved ahd Would .winlier JtejErajjasa ier in swiftns, and 'Guinevere defiedtiiose . whb lovedaodwouId- wintierAo break down her statuesque coldnbss and'jnafce her js warm and Bmng Voman. JEndently Mprse Herbert ted : fahePfjgmalion. .He bad won herpirmibnt be Jrad -hot. earned herheai,iand vshe wasetOl untouched. / y could have loved him more than ehe evidently did ; or even if she did not love him, that she would have treated him better. I, like Moras himself, trusted to time, his own love, aud the indissolubility of mar riage when once tbey were uuited, to bring it all right. Her common sense then would come into play, an<i her dignity too, and she would surely accept with a good grace a condition of things of which a bad one would not rid her. S<» wc talked to each other > always skirting rouua, but never coming to, the full admission of Guinevere's want of love for hiin, I doing my best to give him hope and courage, till he got at last to really love ine like his sister, and to mean it wheu he called me his comforter and his good angel. This was now - the early summer, and the marriage was to take place in the autumn. Meanwhile we all went to Scotland ; and Morse Herbert, as Guine vere's Jlance , went too. She would rather he had not been with as. She bad none of that girlish, siily pride, which likes to parade a ''conquest"— more especially one in which her ovrn heart was not engaged. And, so far froin making this joint stay a pleasure to poor Morse, she turned it iuto a torture, and really made him very, very unhappy. She was too well bred to be rude or to flout him openly. She was always noble, like herself ; but She was colder tlian Ice ; harder than stone ; more and more statuesque and indifferent as the days . went on ; as if she wanted to discharge her conscience of ail snspicion of deception, so that Morse shonld know, if he married her, he was marrying only half of her — and that the half wanting was that of her heart. But be bore it with the wonderful hope and patience of a strong man's love. She showed him no angry aversion, remember ; only cold ness, without warmth for any one else ; and he always believed that this was constitutional re serve, and that some day he should warm her into the life and knowledge of love. The Glenbarrons, at whose house we were Btaying, were nice peoplo. Mr. and Mrs. Gleubarron, and their daughter Adeline, were charming, bat I did not like D.m- ald, the eldest son. The second, Mackenzie, was mack better ; in fact, he was as nics as his parents and Adeline. But Donald was one of those fast dissipated men, who are only cads with a correct accent and perfect taste in dress. He was a man who always looked as if ho had been up all night — very pale, as thin as a grasshopper, and with those red eyelids and odd smeared kind of month which makes you think of drinkinz, as if they had been reddened by the lees of wine. He made me feel that he was living on the brink of a precipice —as if from day to day his character and honor were unsafe, and might at aDy moment be destroyed by some terrible dis closure. I know he made his father and mother very anxious, and Adeline, who was gentleness in person, was sometimes severe npon him. In fact, be was a horror ; but, poor wretch 1 he had some good points in him, as you will see. He ltad brought down to the castle with him a Hungarian Prince with an unpronounceable name. I never could pronounce it, and I do not know how it was spelt ; but as he was always called Prince, it does sot much signify what his name really was. He was a great friend of Donald's, and, per haps partly on that ace 'tint, I took a violent hatred to hira from the beginning. Bo not laugh and look as if 1 am unable to take a vio lent hatred to any one. Wc quiet little women are often volcanoes like the rest, only our fires lay a little deeper than with some, and our explosions are not so frequent. But if £ hated him, I was the only person who did — except, perhaps, Adeline. And she did not so entirely detest him as I did. She did not like him ; aud Mackenzie, too, was iu- differcnt to him, so was Morse Herbert. But every one el3o praised him to the skies and applauded him to the echo. He was very, very handsome, that I must confess, neither so tall or so finely built as Morse ; of a slighter, lighter kind altogether, and as dark as Morse was fair. But he had really an almost perfect face of its kind, and he had the most graceful manners you can ima gine. They were as perfect as his face. Though I did not like him, 1 could not be blind to the things which fascinated others, his grace, his beauty, his readiness to oblige, his pretty way of asking yon by his manner to forget that ho was a prince, while be himself always remembered it ; and then his cleverness. He spoke all the principal languages, one as well as another, and all well, lie danced most faeantifnlly, and sang well, played the piano well, and rode and fenced and played billiards, and all that ; was a first rate shot, and was most amusing besides. He could do all sorts of conjuring tricks as well as any professed prestidigitator. One day Mr. Gleubarron said to him, laugh ing,— " Well, Prince, if ever you are brought down to the bare boards, you can get your living as a conjuror, cr worse. By George, those trumps 1" " Think so ?" the prince Baid with a smile ; bat I was surprised to see how .he flushed np, like a girl, more than a man ; and though he smiled, he did not look pleased. Never after did he do any more conjuring tricks for us. Mr. Glenbarron had evidently piqued him somehow. When the Prince first came he devoted him self to Adeline. This was perhaps natural, see ing that she was the daughter of the house and so sweet and pretty in herself ; but she was so decidedly cool to him that he seamed to get tired of paying her compliments and looking into her eyes. Besides, Donald evidently did not like it ; nor did. Mackenzie. Indeed, I overheard Donald say to the prince, in such a strange voice, one day, when they .were on the terrace below -and I on that nbove,— " You promised me Rati, by all you held sacrod— if there is anything yon hold sacred in heaven or earth-that you would leave my sister alone, and I Jiold you .to your, pro mise.""- ' . They passed out of . ' hearing,- when Donald had said this, so I did not hear the Prince's an swer. ".A all events, after, this lie.itft -Adeline alone./- Bat he tnrned to Guinevere,' end -paid her as much attehtionas .he.iiad paid Adeline in the , - I conld not understand my sister in those flays. She; so proud and cold to all the world, so indifferent to Jhisr own affianced, lover, Morse Herbert,'hecime'jsonidiow a, transformed being with the prince.'; He 'could make her sad or merry, enthusiastic or angry, -by'his anecdotes of things or persons, as no one else - had ever been able to ; do. I have seen the tears in her eyes when he ' Bang liis plaintive Hungarian songs,- and she nevor seemed to tire tof his mnsic. Hitherto Bhe bad certainly mot feeen anore. ontoiiBiastic abttet mnsic than about/anything elseq -nowshe would sit in . a: kiod-pf hashed, rapt way when Ae' playedj and it was pathetic' to see-ihe wayih which she came back to her- : selfgjudi'.Bs if St werp reality, wiien had' finished.-—-"- never&mythtoghuti;'Bmntlesymfiatketic, affec- -j Lhere was no tope for him. That did uot pre vent him loving her, or wishing that there had been hope. Poor wretch 1 His love did him this good — it opened his eyes to his own vileness, and made him ashamed of the iufamous life he led in secret. Fr oven had she been free, he knew that lie was unworthy of her, and that it would have been sftcrilee to have matched such n spootiees lily, such a stately stvan, wi.th a thin; steeped to the lips in vice, a metro well- dressed, correctly speaking, ruffian ! What a drentlfui time this was ! Under the smooth exterior of a pleasant- country party, here were we all in. euch turmoil aud tutuulr of doubt and fear and love and sorrow as made the whole thing a tragedy. ' I think 1 had as hard a part to play as any one. Guinevere made over Morse Herbert to me as if ho - bad been a fan or a bouquet to hold; Whenever he wanted to be with her she used to call me on some pertext, and then glide quietly away and leave us together. For the most part sho went off with the prince, and naturally Morse could not be so rude as to leave me alone. 1 was so sorty for him ! I used to feel that 2 would have thankful Iy laid down my life to have made him happy. I wondered at Guine vere as much as if ehe had suddenly changed by some supernatural influence, and I liatc-d the prince more and more, because of the pain that he had caused my poor friend. And Morse was so grateful to me ! It almost broke my heart to see how this tine, uublo fellow clung to me he cause I was Guinevere's sis her, and how touched he was by my sympathy. One day be said, — "Ah, Rachel! if Guinevere had your sweet nature aud lovely charac er ; and if she only enred for me as much as you do, dear little sister !" "She is far better than I am, Morse," I an swered ; " and some day she will love yon as you deserve to be loved."" Ifelt my face grow crimson when T eaid this, and, in spite of myself, the tears would coraeiv to my eyes — I do n't know why— only, perhups, it pained and shocked me to think that iny sister— my queen, my star, my beloved — should have fallen so far below her best self as not to love this noble fellow, and to give hioi pain be cause of such a man as the prince. We were all oat on tho terrace that evening', and. as usual, the three men bad clustered around Goinevere — Ronald, the prince, and Morse Herbert. It was a kind of triaapnlar duel among them— a trial of skill which siiould claim her attention, and m&ko; himself the moBt favored. Morse, with an outburst of passion nnd pride strangely unlike himself, seemed as if he stood on his rights and intended to make Guiuevere respect and acknowledge them. The prince, quiet, subtle, fascinating, offering homage like incense, asked mutely for favor. Donald, feverish, eager, and in some cases insolent, at leaet to the prince, flung himself, as it were, on tiie spears of her scorn, but w;tli a wild, Strang air- as if he wished to protect her — from whom or what ? And all this while she stood as ;a queep among them, supreme in grace mad beauty and unconquerable pride, at least to Morse and Donald, but all sweetness and almost tenderness to the Prince. Adeline and I, with Mackenzie and one or two others, were at a little distiuice from them — just a few steps ; but I stood where I could hear and see all. How beautifully the moon chines on the fountain !" said Guinevere, -euddenly, looking down the long, dark avenue to where, the fountain, at the end, shone in the moonlight like some pale softiy shrouded ghost. " Yes, let me take you to it,' said Morse Herbert, eagerly, offering his arm. "Yes; let us go," said Donald, ranging himself on the other side. The prince said nothing, but lie looked at her wiih pleading eyes, and she looked bjvck at him with answering ones. \- Very well, we will go."' said Guinevere. Then in her quiet, queenly way, turniug to Morse said ; " Morse, bring RacheL "The Prince will take care of me." Siw ignored Donald altogether. Such a strangely rapt, such a wonderful look of love and triumph and delight came on the face of the prince as he took her hand and drew it on his arm ! He was playing no part here! He did truly <find really love her. Who, indeed, could help if ? 1 Hut I saw Donald Glenbarron seize his arm and hold it for a minute, as if in a vice, and I distinctly heard him hay: " Scoundrel, you shall smart for this 1" as he pushed past him rudely and left the terrace in a rage. . Morse, too, was painfully agitated and I could' feel his arm tremble -with suppressed passion. But what could he do ? He was not the kind of' man -to make a vulgar brawl, for the favor of any woman. If she preferred another to him self, though it broke his heart, lie would re spect her choice. He might, being a msn, find some occasion to revenge himself on his rival, hut he would not make a scene in the presence of his lady, and he would nut found 4iis quarrel on her name. I did my best to console him, but my best was very, very little. How couhl I console him In his terrible position, with all the agony and humiliation that beset it ? What were my fullest love and sympathy to him, compared with the want of Guinevere's ? He seemed pleased, however, by my tendorn ss, and he made my hears light for all iis sorrowful heav- ings for him by the way in which he said,— "My darling little sister, without you I should be wretched -indeed I You are tho only point of light in iny present life. You are worth very much to me — you are very, veiy dear." " I wish I could make you happy," I answered, 44 1 would if I could, Heaven knows." ' I know yoa would," he said ; ' and bo fir as you. can, you do. For my own self- respect I must not endure this position any longer. Ic is unendurable, and IshouM despise myself if I did not put an end to it. I iuust make Guine vere explain herself clearly ; aud if she cannot lovejne — ". He stopped, for his voice suddenly broke, and I saw him raise his hand to liis throat and loosen the knot of his necktie. Vlneh we shall lose you again,' I said ; and tears came into my eyes, whether I would or no. You will never lose me," be answered, pressing my tend kindly. - "To the end of my life I shall nerer forget your sweet kindness to me in my trouble ; and never cease 0 to lore you ns my dear little «iatcr, my sweet child friend!" - "Thank you," I said. But I was not quite a child. I was nearly eighteen now. Guinevere was just twenty- throo. , - - - ' - - . That night there was an awfal row down- Btairs amoTigBtthe men. - I was alahding by the open window, for £, was /too .unhappy and be wildered to sleep, and I heard first Donald and Jlorse talking together, fchen DoOald ad the prince. I d id ti o t Hear lhe" whole conversation, of coarse. _ I rlid pot J ieten, < I could not have hekfi|ttdl even if Tbkdjlisteuod. JS&s; ides I did /not wirii cUdiear Do /''Deavednm to me,yJIerlJert; I him JbcA&rhau; and>l , heai& mih \ rboounflrri lhauf|j%hoiighfc If you dotluot i 