8 BREVITIES. Bis-;- ? ? -.-?.?' '-T' ?*'-B ??' . ^litthew r ? ., , ^ \ .- , , ,. pavies - . ???- - ?''? ' '-?'' '-'' Beturning. James Munro .. - \ ? ? , . Following suit. Anew engineer.. , . ? fleeted Bt Maiyern. ^few Councillor— also. Mr. Bowes Kelly. -. As flat as Bpancake. _ Legislative Council TLIectiona. promise to have n iittie more life, jjr Simon Frascr opeiiB the danc^. ge seeks re-deetijti for fcho Soatb Yarra Province, ^.n illuminated nJf3res8 to be presesited to Ci: Jennings, of S^ Kildfl, on hie ret'rement. Or. Moore says {lie ratepayers don't pay for aoy 'fiz.' T)r. Fetherstonc would like to order W. Cannigh«m a whif)pinp;. Head 'Only a Woman' in this issue, yoa will fi id it worth your while. St. Kiliii Town Hall org in opened on Tfaiursdaf . Gr«at success. Wbat {will the St. Kilda Footballers \- do to-iay ? The eyes of the football St. Joseph's School at South Yam opeDed last Sunday by the Arch bishop of Melbourne, v ...... ! The McNeil Mission at Prahran Town : Hall) a great success. The arrangements for the return Con reisdzione to the Mayor of Prahran and Mrs Maddocks, are in good hands and the affair /romises ,|bo be Al. Tickets are in gr^at demand. Tbe Tr^f Boys maintaia^i their popu larity at tlie St. Kilda T«-wn Hall, last night — when they drew a large audience. Grand concert by the choir and band of the Victorian Institute for the .Blind on the 31st inst. To vary matters a little and for the sake of keeping up with our brethren at Silmopolis it is, we understand ? pr.-;'»sf 1 to organize in Prahran, a 'soup kitchen strike' the object ol which is to secure better accomo dation, with a limit of 'two pints' per diam. Xh-; ''Balaclava Ghost' on hors? back is a novelty in the 'phantom line' The ghostly pony woul.J bfi a thing worth seeing. The £70,000 heiress ordered to be handed over to her stepfather, after I ais month's litigation. Mr J. N. Camming can now celebrate nmrriagfls — What's the fte? ! The St. License.] Victuallers have de ciJeJ to make the price of liquors same us at Pranran. Havejou read the letter re advertising , and the Caulfiold Shire. I The services in connection with the o-pening of St. Joseph's New School room, South Yarra, on Sunday last, were wonderfully successful. Don't forget to make application for shares in the St. Kilda Steam Laun drr Co., it is a boaa fide uffair ond i well worthy of an investment. 