THE LAW RELATING Tfc GHOSTS. COUNSEL'S OPINION. The Psycbozetio Society hx« recently at the request of one of its members whose pf«. mites were infested with a noiiy rhon. taken the opinion of Mr Blndgeon, Q.u on a series of questions tending to elacidate the lew as it relates to ghosts. The learned countei's opinion has been to as tor publication, and we have mnch pleasure to giving prominenco to it. Br Bludgeon writes oe follows 1\. In answer to tho first queition, I am of opinion that an action for trespass will not lie against a ghost. It foilowa thai an in junction will no: bo granted. - Thoro is aoma uncertainty on the point. Hut I think that a ghoat is not, at common Jaw, a legal per. son at all, und, therefore, neither posaeaied of rights nor subject to liabilities. There h no record In tho books of any such actioo-. a fact in itself negative testimony of no small weight. 2\. Subject to what follows, I think there la a cauee of action against the executors. It has been held thnta corpaoia tho property of its executors as being personal proper tv tho opinion of Taper, V.C., that, bv reason of burial, It might bo said to savour of tho realty being no longer law. The maxim of law is, Mobilia scquuntur personam —tlra ghost foilowa tho corpse ; and in my opinion tim court would restrain the ex ecutors from allowing or suffering their ghost to trcspa&a; on the premises iQ 3uestiou. In this case, however, the ifficulty of diicovcring and serving the personal representatives would be almost insuperable, tho ghost having been dead 500 years. 3\. Yes. If the ghost seta up an adverse title, sn action would lie on the covenant for qaiet enjoyment ; bat 1 must add that in my opinion there is evidence, and tolerably clear evideuco, that la this case Mr Squirms took with notico of the encumbrance, and, having obtained his lease at & lower rent m con sideration of It, would be held in couity to be estopped from any tuch proceeding. 4\. If Mr Squirms is right in his conjecture —and a surveyor of respectability should is at once employed to oscortain whether ho ij or not— that the body of tho ghost is buried on tlra premises,' different consideration! arise. As above stated, a body is the property of the cxccntors; but thii rule is subject to tho wider prin. ciplc, Qoicquid plantatur solo, solo ccdit ; and in my opinion the ghost, by being planted or buried on tho land, lap<e4 to tho freeholder und became part of ths inheritance. Tho freeholder must be takn to have known of itsprcsunco ; and I think, although not without doubt, that on ths truo construction of Mr Squirms' leasg the body passed to him under the general words, nnd must be regarded, for tbo purposes of this case, as his owu. if I am correct iu this, Mr Squirms is the author of his own wrong, and bos the remedy in his own hands. o. No. A ghost cannot require the owner of the premises on which his body U to bury it at tho expense of tho owner. In my opinion a ghost has no richts as snch. It is not my duty to express "an opinion os what tha law ooght to be, but merely to state what, in my opinion, it is. 0\. If a spiritualist or other person, against the will of tho executors or other the owners of a ghost, raises it and induces it to leave its owner aud enter his service, 1 think an action would lie (Luralcy v. Gvo. 2 E. mud B., 216-320.) 7\. A man has no right, in order to indulge hts own taste, to hitroduco any ghost He may possess Into his aunt's house, thereby destroying the amenity of her residence. Sic mere tuo tit alicnum non lacdas. A license for any such purpose is revocable unless given for valuablo consideration. 8\. No. Thore is no such easement kaown to law. A custom would require strict proof. 9\. A ghost, instructed to haunt any per son on account of bis employer, cannot without permission employ another to faj. fil bin duties. Delegatus non- potest dels' gare, 10\. The suspicion of an authentio ghost beiug on the premises docs not warrant the officers of the society in entering or remain- jng on tho premises, oor in demanding re freshments while engaged thereon. If the interests of scienco demand snch powers, recourse must bo had to the Legislature. It is impossible for ino to express any opiuion as to tho result of such an applicatiQn, . . 11. The Public Health Act, in my opinion, gives the sanitary authority no jurisdiction over ghosts. 12\. If tho suggested explanation of the ghost's cries aod groans be correct, the Court of the Ordinary would seem tlra proper tribunal. I recommend that the opinion ol counsel learned in ecclesiastical law be taken on this point. Samuel Bludueox. 3 Mortar Bniidings, Temple. 