To the Editor of the Express. *Srn,--In my last I have shown the birth of the new man. The spirit of the old man has conquered old Adam; he thinks this has been a hard fight. That old enemy, Sin, has been the cause of all my trouble here. This is a beautiful world to live in ; everything is grand and beautiful as God created them, but the enemy, Sin, has made sad havoc. The sins of the Father fall on the children, even to the seventh generation ;,all poverty, sickness, and all the world's woeful miseries, are all caused by Sin. Every sin has its own punishment here. Thie drunkard drinks and squanders his means, and leaves his family in poverty--a tax on those who earn their bread by the sweat of their brow; be drinks until be can drink no more; he may come home in delirium and murder his wife and children; it has made him a murderer! MIany other crimes can be traced to the same cause. The libertine, he causes trouble and misfortune to others; his acts may follow his children even to the seventh generation. For every sin there is a certain punishment here; the new man thinks "I have fought a good fight, I have conquered that old enemy, Sin; butI had no power, it was the power sent from the Father, who is in Heaven:' There may even be some who, in this earthly:life, have-never corisciously received the .Wordi either thbouogh Scriptures -or throbigh''prdichifbn orweven through the many voices which are'inthe World, but who have lived here in Nature, simplynas parts of-Nature, moved only by its life and image, whb may first hear. the Gospel, like those to. whom Christ went and' preached when, dn spirits in prison, they were waked up to see their ruin. 'Such may be saved at last by the ministry of those who, having won the prize of the First- born, are kings and priests with Christ. But, first or last, none are saved but by the Word'; no life but that of Heaven can re-enter or live in Heaven.- I hold the belief we are purified here; but Christ 'says he' is -filled with the Holy Ghost who speaks not of him self. Therefore I wish none to believe as Ibelieve, but to work out their own salvation as best they can according to the light that God has; given them. Thus far we have only seen the home of the new man, and the one door of entrance to it; we are now to see the law by which he lives, and this is no mere external Commandment, saying to him "Thou shialt" or "Thou shalt not," but the very laws of his being, like the laws of Nature, bring about certain results. His life is rest, and casn give rest, because it never acts' from self, but only does the Father's will. He is satisfied with the will of God, whatever it may be; now this exactly reverses the will of old Adam._ The old man always acts from self, wanting to be-some thing in himself, which is the sure way to remain nothing. Self, too, is the end of all his doings. Self-seeking or self-exalting; self will, self love, in some form or another, ever mark him.. 'Hence oven his good works may be sin, for indeed in all its shapes sin in the creature is self will; and this in things that seem to be holy; as in prayers, almsgivings, and fastings; which should all be sacrifices to God, but which, as our Lord shows, may be done-for self, merely to have glory and be seen of men. The new man is a spirit, lively and bright, but he must have his food to live on, and have it very often- several times in the.day or.? night-or he will very soon die. His food is spiritual food from above. The new man's love to his friends, and also to his enemies, becomes stronger and stronger. The spirit of love is in vigorated in him so strong that he can see no ene mies in any of God's creatures; his charity is also increased; he feels for those that are in trouble; one of his greatest pleasures is to relieve them, and comfort them. Even those who have.griev ously wronged him he will readily forgive and would comfort them. Everything seems bright to him; as soon as he opens his eyes songs of love and praise rise from his voice. Ano, strange as it may seem to fallen men, the power to quicken and to judge is the fruit of yielding up our creature will to God in everything; Christ's life is the witness that such self-surrender receives all power in Heaven and earth, while the self will of the old man only leads to death and darkness. Last Saturday I met a Knight of the Order of St. Gregory the Great, and Companion of St. Peter and St. Paul, an old friend of mine, and I wish him well still. I have been very much honodred by this worthy Knight-the greatest honour I have ever had conferred on me, as he put me on a level with St. Paul. He said, "Peter, thou can beat the parsons, but thou cannot beat the priests; they say you have been reading too much, and that you are mad." The same was said of St. Paul, therefore I had better not think too much of myself. Self-love, the things of the world, the love of mammon, kill the spiritual man, and there is a spirit distilled for the destruction of man; it steals the senses away by degrees until the poor person has no rest and becomes a trouble to him self and to all his friends. He knows it, but he has no power over himself. He must get-power from above to assist him, but he will not get that without a thorough change of life. I may be called mad, but I am upholding righteousness, sincerity, and truth. P. M'CLUsKEY. To the Editor of the Express. SIR,-The public have, no doubt, had enough of Sin, and the just man falling seven times. I thought to prove that man can live without sin. There are many things reckoned sin that are no sin, and God is far better than the gentlemen in the long robes give Him credit for. I have shown that He is a God of Love. I have not frightened you with Fire and Brimstone, to compel you to love Him. There is only one sin there is no for perhap some ot your readers may explain this particular sin. Rev. 14, lst, 4th and 5th verses. You will find there were 14,400, and in their mouth was found no lie; they were without blemish; therefore when they had no blemish there was no sin. I do not say I live without sin myself, but I am aware there are many in the world living a life free from sin. I thank the Editor and readers of my letters for the time they have spent in reading them, and if I write again to the Express, I will choose different subjects, which may be more interesting to the general public. PETE H11'CLUSKEY. 