THE HOUSE OF RIMMON. A 8TOKY OF THE "BLACK COUNTRY" OF SOUTH STAFFORDSHIRE. CHAPTER XXXVUI.—(Contejued.) BT JEANIE GWYNNE BETTANY, Author of « AUNT SaBCBN'B TWO LKGaCIHS," STO, Madeline on. every occasion, kept as much in the background as possible, distinguished most by her unobtrusive helpfulness. But when the near gave his Christmas Eve party this year, she was prevailed upon to accompany the { SaltringGi principally to avoid making herself ! conspicuous by resisting their importunities. Here, during the performance of a Beethoven sonata for pianc and violin by Miss Towers and the vicar (he had a great idea of elevating the popular taste), Madeline sat with such rapt attention that the eyes of everyone became iixed upon her. Mr. Rockingham caught her in her listening attitude, and when the 6onata was over, asked her if she played. "Ihave been accustomed to playing,'' she replied simply. "Some of my relatives are professional musicians." She had -scarcely uttered these words when die appeared to regret them. Mr. Rockingham sam this, and so led her at once to the piano, and placed her before a volume of Beethoven's sonatas. She sought out the Sonata Appaseionata, and rendered the surpassing music with deep feeling. Every one, even the least educated, present, was impressed, and all agread that she must not be allowed to stop. Still as simply and as self- forgetfully she commenced "Les Adieus." Never was more pathos thrown into the sonata, Mr. Rockingham thought. She made the instrument speak Impassioned and plaintive farewells, heartfailings and misgivings, and deep and hallowed "-ition. But when the theme of the Return \- her fingers, the joyousness of it \- and Amy Towers, and * spite of herself Madeline iiSfcjtS - •-. tit XSnpi —cin. ocrru.— the jiadelino ordinarily «. an exquisitely. bound copy o. , anthems; ana. Madeline's,namt. cover, in the vicar's Jiandwritin t>ook was a bookmark withthxei ingfromiv: at tieendofeach w <silver, on whithwere,engraved, t. fat the tiling was old, the feature poeer. _ .. " Well," whisp^^l^r. Saitring, have given you' .somfeAthiiig: new, at. c *«e, u be wanted to malEeyoii.a present." "O'a, no," M^eline replied. "He has offered me something he values, I am sure «f it." Hie be! 1 . stopped, and the vicar entered and took his acoustoued place, not without a glance through his spectacles at the Saltrings' pew. Madeline was holding his present.in her hands. Perhaps co one but Madeline knew that he saw this. But it was evident to all the congregar tion that the vicar was on his mettle; he had never before preached such a sermon. And in tiie Christmas anthem .the perfect voice of the stranger icinstrelrose and filed .the. church. ""You never sang inchurih before," Mrs. "Saitring observed to her as they were gaiug out. " It was the least I can do,'» Madeline replied. Atthe pweh the "vicar met them. He shook liands with Madeline last.. Instead of thanking Inm as' an ordinary girl would have done, fcr the gift ebe had received, Madeline fixed her clear eyes upon him, aud softly a&ed;, "Will yon tell &e; to whom that bookmark befogedf" " I did not expect thatqui®tion," Responded t^e vicar dreamily, " bat I will tell you." And Iks fell behind the Others, and the - two walked. Seieaxei.v between the gravestones, and the dark cloak the girl was wearing brushed his clerical elaeve. " I am not surprised you asked me, now I think of it," the vicai remarked, .glancing at lhe graves and not seeing them. " I have one sister bow, bat X once had another. But she was lost. She used to play and sing like you. This boofcmark wax hers. When I heard yon ' sing Ade&taa; you won it from me. I will tell you some more when I can, if yon will let me." Itifc very good of yon to trust me," Baid Madeline, looking meekly down. "I will never part with the bookmark." And then, as . jf Inspired to ask one more question, she iuqoired, "She did not die, your sister, did The voice in which he replied, " No," was searcely audible. They bad reached the c&urch; gates and parted on their respective SM& When she readied borne, a new surprise , -awaited Madeline. A large packet had been ' left for, her^ during church- time. The writing outside it -was identical with that upon the book \- of anthems in the church. She sat down in a chair, and undid her packet. It was a volume <tf Beethoven'e sonatas, but not a new one; and' on the cover was the name "Olive Bockingfcpan.* As the name met her eyes, they dilated. All 'filehousehold were crowding aboat her; bat Aa could not refrain from saying, "How •tzaage! How very strange!" " It is a great compliment," said Madeline, "Hut he should have given me the6e. They ltdong to his dead sister, or at any rate a lost •Ufa./" "Well, what is there odd in it, then?" said ttn. Saitring- "Only this," said Madeline, dreamily turning tbe leaves of the sonatas, " my .mother's -name, was Olive." lbs. Saitring expected more on hearing this; hot Madeline began to draw off her gloves leisurely, then rose And went .upstairs. The plum-padding had been brought in, all harming, according to old eastern: and a diBh of hot mince joes ihad called forth a shout of •filee' from the youngsters. Hub shout covered JL cry from Madeline, who. waa seated opposite tb the window, and saw sod pone pass. That aameone rang at the door^aad^was admitted. Aeervant came in, and apekbtoJfi^ Saitring, ve fcitn'a cud. • aaeehe said;.Ml do&'t know the at alii' 1 Rimpler wfcfrpw he be ?" A&thd;'&oond; of the aame_, Madeline grew -ttflM Composed; «' a chafcae likeness, that was sll," I-«» she tlionslif thought. ' ' • • "Well," Mr. Salteing said to his wife, "I lrifl go*nd jawrAim, aiifrhring him in. He I f c i a ^ S & j i j ^ B r ^ t wUb 8sn&: wine at all events. He any possibly have come from a distance." And Mr, Saitring laid his table-napkin upon the table in a heap. Mrs. Saitring could not kelp noticing Madeiue's peculiar look; and it passed through her brain in a vague way, how queer it was that people's looks should be so different on different davs, and resemble people they had nothing to "do with. One day Madeline reminded her of Keziah's baby, but now there was a proud look in her face that recalled to her 110 one so much as Mr. Rockingham. It was odd; and she unconsciously wondered what had brought it there at this particular moment. Mr. Saltring's loud voice was soon heard as he approached the door across the hall. The dining-room door swung open. Mr. Rimpler was with him. Madeline did not turn her face. She had never known a Mr. Rimpler. He bore a very strange likeness to someone she had known. She would not look at him. Mr. Rimpler, for his part, did not notice anyone but Mrs. Saitring, to whom he was introduced, and with whom he entered into conversation. " You know the people I am with, 1 believe,"' he said to her. " I am Mr. Hackbit's clerk, and it is his business that has brought me here today, or rather his trouble. He is ill, and Mrs. Hackbit begged me to ask Mr. Saitring to come over. Claret? Yes, thank you." His glass was filled. Mr. Rimpler glanced round the table, in the act of raising his glass to his lips. "Good heavens," he exclaimed—"I mean, good claret." Everybody stared at him. What did he mean by saying "good heavens," for "good claret," and in such a tone too? But it was quite clear he had sufficient cause to exclaim, for Miss Orme was in the act of falling from her chair in a swoon. That must have been what startled him. But how odd, then, that he should have said "good claret," after "good heavens." A great commotion followed, in which Mr. Rimpler made good his escape from another room, explainining in a not altogether natural voice, that strangers were best out of the way. He was alone in the drawing-room for some minutes. He struck his hands together two or three times, and said, " Curse it! She's infernally like her. She is her! and it's the most unpleasant business. She knew me; that's why she fainted. Con—found it!" At length a smile broke over his face. " I leedn'ttrouble myself," he thought. "She 'oesa't seem to know me. Besides, I can vear I've never-seen her before; mistaken entity. Very avfkward tbough! I should'nt re for it to come out that I was a medical ident in Germany, and all the rest of it. ouder where her mother is ? By Jove ugh, she's grown handsomer; and more a '., probably. She must have been a fool to 9ve me. I wonder what she'd think, if she v that the child wasn't dead, after all, but taken away. It's a very strange coincidthatMrs. Hackbit's adopted child should so much of her look. Mere coincidence, mid be too much like the penny agonies, were to turn out to be the very child, uch things have happened. It's so t to get at the truth, the'woman having neighbourhood directly,. and taken the i 1th her. And Mrs. Hackbit says this ^ is a collier's, who was lolled in an exand the mother died of the shock; so T seems square enough." itring entered, and put an end to these • s. is Miss the young,lady ?'* asked .-... ler in a matter-of-fact way, and with ',. ion of any sort on his face. ••-, • feme is better now. She is not strong. „ excitement this morning; that . • u treason of her fainting. It is not : eehe has doneeo since she has been , been with you. long?" asked Mr. ;, \ >ncernedlv. ,"i»pliedMr. Saitring; "butwe rejry fond of .her, and we hope she i arif more." devoutly hoped she would, bat make the remark has Mr. Hackbit been so ill?" been drinking a great deal . iokit's been earning on him the -Tfeera wssiioJfceening him from st; but whosm I, to dictate to , < -afn for sucha long time,!' said bat we psiust drive. . * It's too ,-whutTi?iow,a public-house ; eon . the-way. I've done it 1 atthe door; j'intbit, and drove aty* upon the frostithe elippenness of the toad, '•i ugsraiyaad hot committing i-oftookmgback, —Mb. Hackbit's Chbist- Day. and six o'clock when Mr. ler arrived - at Hackbit's 'here was no light in any facing the Btreet; but omshad alight, which curtains. . a met by Wilson, who •gether. and looked at, Mr, Saitring only, r. Hackbit, and had -f laudanum, and so lared not give them. She n<. Mr. Hackbit, which Wilson did per or safe, as Mr. Hackbit was 'inion, and wanted a strait-jacket. Mr. Saitring remained where. otaim, and Mr. Rimpler wai, for the time, and afterwards went to his own bedroom and sat there. As .Mr. Saitring opened the door of the bedroom, He saw Keziah, terrified and weeping, and Mr. Hackbit in a very menacing attitude. He seemed to recognise Mr. Saitring as he entered, and addressed him at once. "I'm glad you've come," he said, with heavy and ill-aimed movements, trying to wipe the perspiration from his brow and face, which was deeply red. "Yoa will see me righted. They're in a plot againt me. She's in it,' pointing with a trembling hand towards Keziah. "The devil's in it too. And T saw him last night looking at the window. They're all in the plot." f» We'll see it all put right," Mr. Saitring replied, boothingly. Then turning to Keziah, he said, Wilson says you've not given the medicine the doctor ordered." It's laudanum," whispered Keziah, with dilated eyes," " and so mujch and so often, I'm afraid." You mu6t not be afraid," said Mr. Saltring. " Let me give it." . Hackbit began to walk about the room unevenly and rapidly. Mr. Saitring steadily dropped the laudanum into a glass. " Come, Hackbit," he said," drink tins/' Hackbit made a step forward, and attempted to grasp the glass, but missed his aim, and his hand closed on air. He was standing close to Mr. Saitring now. His eyes were injected terribly, and looked as if he coald not have slept for many nights. Mr. Saitring raised the glass to his lips. Hackbit attempted to hold it, too, but trembled so violently that his teeth chattered against the glass. He swallowed the dose, however. " I shall be rained," said he, as soon as he had swallowed it. " They're all in the plot, Saitring. There's that Rimpler, he ferrets everything out. He-sot to know all about uncle Riinmon and the business in Brum. Here he broke oS, and began to strike the air violently. " Take that," he said, " and that." The perspiration wets pouring oS him now. Mr. Saitring pinioned him, fearing what he would do next. " Look here," he said, Saitring. I'm not going to be cut with them knives. I know what you're holding me for." "You're not. going to be cut with any knives," rsplied Mr. Saitring. " Well,'' returned Mr. Hackbit, confidentially, " I've killed that fellow three times today, and there he is again," and he shook himself free of Mr. Saitring, and plunged towards the mirror, in which was his own reflection, and sent it smashing into,the window. Mr. Salt* ring seized him, but he was not sufficient. Hackbit straggled and raved. Keziah flew from the room, and called Mr. Rimpler. Wilson was on the staircase. " Fetch the doctor," Keoah eai o her; the master's worse." She did not go back into the room. Once free, she dared not return. She_ just went downstairs and sat in the dark diningroom, in a kind of apathy. She was startled from her reverie by the doctor's voice. He was asking where she was She went to him. " Have you given the laudanum, Mrs, Hackbit, 20 drops every two hours, 6ince I was here ?" he asked her. " Oh, doctor, I didn't dare," said poor. Keziah, Theiteitor was an abrupt, and not a ladies' man; 8&:he..became angry. " Do you want him todie," he asked, with an aspect of ferocity, " that -yon don'-t obey my orders? He would have been asleep now, if you had .done what J^tPld.ycu," And with .this the d^tfar wslked URgaics, Keziah f »llow- \-- Just one drink of brandy, Rimpler, come," Hackbit was bawling in his ear. " It would make a man of me again. Look here," he called out to the doctor, " these madmen make me stay out in this graveyard without a drink of brandy to steady my nerves. They can't see those ghosts, but I can. Oh, how their bones rattle! Just one little drink of brandy, and I'll stand it." And he babbled on feverishly. " Look here, my good people, it's not uiy fault," he called out, " I am only Unrepresentative. You didn't borrow the money of me. uook in my pockets. I'm as poor as you. Don't bother me about where you're going to sleep to-night. See, I am in a cold graveyard. I've nothing better." Mr. Saitring looked at the doctor, who was dropping some more laudanum into the glass. " He's in a bad way," he said. " He must get sleep," said the doctor, " at all cost. That fool of a woman didn't give the doses." Mr. Saitring fe ' inclined to resent this language- But looking in the doctor's face, he concluded that his bark was worse than his bite. Hackbit willingly drank out of the glass, but did not appear satisfied. His hands were loosed, and he moved them incessantly in a neiTous way against one another, or upon the the quilt* " Are you staying hereto-night r" the doctor asked of Mr. Saitring. " Yes," he replied. " Then give him the 20 drops again, every two hours until he sleeps. Mrs. Hackbit ought to go to bed. She looks miserably ill. Give her two glasses of port wine." " Thank you, doctor," said Hackbit. " That's something like. I shall be another man now." Overhearing the words, he supposed the wine was ordeied for himself. Keziak had slipped from the room, but she was standing outside. " I have ordered you to drink two glasses of port," said the brusque doctor. "No, no," said Keziah, waving him away with her hand. "Not that, not that terrible stuff, after—after what we've seen. Order me laudanum, like him upstairs ; a good dose, and end it all." And she burst into a pasBion of weeping. The doctor patted her head, as he might have done a child's with his rough, heavy hand, which could be gentle, it appeared. " You want rest." And he took her with him downstairs and administered the port wine there and then, and went away, muttering that women were most extraordinary creatures. "Only think of that beast upstairs being cried about, and wanted to live. It seems the worse a man is the more they stick to him." As soon as he was gone, Keziah saw that a good table was spread for Mr. Saltring's use and comfort. Some hours later, when all was hushed in the sick room and Keziah was lying on the couch in the dining-room alone, she saw a figure standing outside, looking up to her window. She sprang up like a child who sees its mother after a long absence. She could not let him go away again .without having one word of comfort from him. She did not hesitate a moment. She might have wavered if she had. She flew to Elwortliy's side. " Oh, Rupert," she said in a convulsive whisper. " He's maddened with the drink." El worthy held her near him, and mattered something she did not catch. "You have got some doctor, Kizzy?" he said. " Did he toll you to give laudanum ? He most have it to get to sleep, or he will die." "Oh, yes, Rupert," said Keziah, in a low voice, with some fear in it. "Mypoor darling," said El worthy. What else could he say ? " You must not remain here another moment; you are trembling." And he added with some vehemence, " If you were ill, who should keep me away? "Who. is with him now? You've got a nurse, Kizzy?" And he thought with horror of the possibility of his burling having to listen to the ravings of that brute who called her wife. "Mr. Saitring came, and is with J//m tonight," she answered. "God bless and reward-him tor it,'- said Elworthy solemnly. " And now, good night.", And he saidlingeringly, "I shall come again to-morrow, and nntil thin trouble is over. Yon may speak to me or not, as yon need." He longed to kiss her, bat did not do so. And Keziah found herself lamenting the fact, when •she was once more in the darkened diningroom. But all this time Mr. Silas Simpler had been [keeping a vigil, like the owlin a .belfry, widest awake when others axe sleeping; and had been in no small degree unused and jgratified by the scene that was enacted uhder his window. CHAPTER XL.—Chbhsthas BOXBB ' The following morning, to the utter astonishment of everybody hut Mr. S&tring;, Mr. Hackbit presented a perfectly natural 1 appear- ance—in fact, seemed quite welL He was not in good tem]>er, however. Mr. Saitring could not help noticing that Keziah was not being well treated, and he felt that he could not i?*™ 5 h « nse without speaking ^of it. He had alwayB been extremely fond of Keziah, and he and Hackbit had had former conversations upon the question of drink, which made it easy for him to speak. The conversation took place while Hackbit was sitting up in bed, eating his breakfast, at eleven o'clock, for he had mept till then. " This is a bad job, Hackbit," Mr. Saitring began. " You were going to reform when yoa married. This is the way yoa have done it. Don't yoa think it too baa?" "Tint's all yoa know about it," retorted Hackbit, with a cunning expression. "You see, I thought I was marrying an honest woman, bat I have changed my opinion, and see no necessity for being too particular." "What do you mean, Hackbit?" said Mr. Saitring very indignantly. " Are yoa aware what you are saying ? Do yen know that you are attacking one of the best and purest of women by your vile insinuation ?" "Ha!" replied Hackbit. "That kind of language is all very well when you want to write poetry, and when you're in love. I now give it as my opinion that there is no such thing as an honest woman." Mr. Saitring stared. He could not for a moment reply. At length he said, " Yoa'-are estimating others by yourseif, Hackbit." And then, regretfully, " I used to think there was some good in you, but I don't think it now. A man who' can slander that angel wants kicking." <( Look here," said Hackbit, stopping in the conveyance of a spoonful of egg to nis mouth, " iuBtyou stay here tc-night, and watch by this window, and if yoa don't see that Edmonton—that Elworthy, I mean, him— my name isn't Hackbit." " One of your wild illusions," said Mr, Saitring, defiantly. " And if you think I shall play the spy on your wife, you have made a great mistake. I can trust her." "Well," said Hackbit, ' that, time will show. Bat if yoa don't believe my words, ask Rimpler." " Do you mean to tell me that you've been setting that enr on to spy upon yoar wife ?" " No, I don't. It was he who told me first. He had seen them together, and seen him lurking about at night, when she hasn't dared to go out to him, I suppose." " I don't believe a word of it," said Mr. Saitring, mopping his bald head, " and the sooner you get that slanderous villain outof the house, the better. He must have a good opinion of you. to tall you such si thing. I'll answer for it, nobody would speak to me of my wife so. You are as bad as he is, Hackbit. We can't so easily get rid of you, but yoa can get rid of him." " No, I can't," replied Hackbit, shortly. " Because you want to keep him as a spy, I suppose." "No, not for that either. I ean do my spying myself. But he knows too much of my business to be sent away." " It must be creditable business to make you afraid to send him away." " It's none of your business at any rate ; bat I tell you one thing, Mr. Saitring, I shall not have you here lecturing me. Every Englishman's house is his castle. So take yourself oS. I won't have you in my house another moment, on any pretence whatever. Yoa seel can send ou away, if I don't send Rimpler." And lackbit tore violently at a bell rope near him. It came away in his hand,, and dropped upon the bed'/-Hackbit'felt angry enough to have done anything. Mr. Saitring smiled faintly, and said," If yon were going to ring to have me shown out, you might spare yourseif the trouble; I know the way." And he moved towards the door. " This from a man," he thought, " whose life I have probably saved." How much he wished he had $ept bis temper. This man was master of the houBe, and of Keziah; and now that he wae forbidden the bouse, he could help Keziah in no way, whatever might happen. He went Blowly from the room, followed by a mocking laugh from the b^d. When he heard this and thought of the spirit that prompted it, his heart jailed him for<the girl who must remain under the same roof ; and he thought latterly, bow far.from human help a wife was, if her husband should ill treat her. He,had been downstairs to..breakfast, and Keziah had become almost cheerful with him at the table to wait upon. Sh.e had beenso combe tw her herwas naror tooome againPr vHe^wmttoihenu^sltytolooW !$he .thought did not " Kizzy," be said, " come downstairs. I want to speak to you. Heaven knows when X shall get the chance to do that again." She caught her breath quickly, aud waited or him to explain. " Yes, Kizzy, I am not to come here any more," he said" I have offended your husband.' She listened, and waited. She could not have spoken if worlds had depended on it. The ground Seemed to be taken away piece by piece from under her feet. " Mr. Saitring," she said at length with tearless eyes, " do me one great kindness. It is great, I know, and my heart will ache. But I feel now is the moment. I must make the sacrifice. Who knows what tragedy is coming to this house? Dear Mr. Saitring," she .said, clutching his hand in both hers, while he looked away from her, "take Bertram home with you. You offered to do it once, and I would not. I thought I was going to do so we'I for him. I have not the power now. I feel he is not safe under this roof. My husband hates him. If everything must go, why not sooner as well as later ? He will cry for mc a little, but he will forget soon. You will all be so o-nnrt tn him." Mr. Saitring had let her go on without replying. Then he turned his face full on her, and, holding her by both shoulders, said, " Get him ready." The smile that broke over the pale face would have been a reward for any mam. She was turning away, when he called her back to remark, " Shall t take both children ?" " No," she said, wistfully, " Lenny is safe enough; he is his father's child." It was not long before the child was brought; and he seemed very much elated at the thought of goinga"yide in a see-gee." But to the astonishment, aud even disgust of Wilson, who 1 was crying, and also of Mx. Saitring and Keziah, the child insisted cn saying gooi-bye to " Rimpy," as he called him. Some people think that children and dogs can always find out a bad man. We know from experience this is far from being the case. A man who is fond of children, and kind in his manner to them, will always win their regard., be be ever so bad in other respects. It was a fact that Mr. Rimpler, hearing the child from the office, which was nest to the dining-room, came in, tooking a good deal cat up at the thought of parting with him, and seemed really moved when the child flung his arms about nis neck. " Oh, you old hypocrite, said Wilson, under her breath. She was like many others; to her Mr. Rimpler was a prodigy of evil; consequently, she could not believe in his possessing a single trait of goodness. But the hypocrite went into the office and positively shed a few tears when there was no one to see him. There had been a time in his life when soft arms had been thrown round his neck and he had felt himself the happiest man alive. But now, long years had passed since he had felt them. How these little arms reminded him of that time! At this moment, could he have chosen some definite path of right, he would have gone headlong into it. But he thought of no direct course. And a vague wish to do better rarely ends in much good. Keziah did not cry when she parted .with'her darling. She was uled by the thought that she wae sending him to happiness and safety. She had made a great sacrifice, but she felt herself to be the gainer. A box of clothes was to be sent on, and nothing went with the child but one little box containing immediate necessaries. Mr. Hackbit having got oat of bed, caw the trap drive-off, and understood the case at once; and though inwardly glad, he decided to-be outwardly vexed. His bell-rope was'off, he could not ring ; so he slipped On some of hisdothes as quickly as he oould, and went downstairs in a way that would nave startled anybody thatgsaw, him. He found Keziah and Wilson diyiug Jtheir eyes in the dining-room. This suggested a revenge that mast be effective. "So Keziah, yoa have thought fit to send "Bertram away without consulting me. Now there is only one child, there is no need for WQson;" this with an evil light in his eyes. "You can occupy yourself with attending to Leonard. Then perhaps yoa will get to card a little bit for your own child. You've a month's notice from to-day, Wilson." Wilson'sc ed eyes flashed she nun ut of theroota " Why do yoa do it?" said Keziah. 'Why do voa send everybody away who is kind to me?" " To please myself ." said her husband coldly. " Yoa have more to learn yet, Keziah. Do yoa think it safe to trifle with me-?" " I do not trifle with yea," returned Keziah steadily. " " You lie," replied her husband. " Perhaps you would like me to sehd yov, away from the house, and give yoa an excuse to do what yoa want to do. Well, you shall not have'your wisn. You shall stay here, and wait on me, and obey orders. Don't think it's because I'm so fond ol you. But I've a right over you, and here von stay." " Yon treat me like a slave, h said Keziah. " You Shall know more of what that means," said her lord, and left her. Mr. Rimpler had heard this conversation, as anybody might have dose who had been- in the office at the time. And when Hackbit,-having left his wife, joined him, he was moved to say, having just had better feelings. " You've been too hard on Mrs. Hackbit. In spite of all we've seen I don't believe any harm has been done: and I don't believe Mis. Hackbit wonld ever do any harm. She has done no worse than epeak to him. That's my opinion, and I know the world." 4 ' Oh, you are clever, we know that,*' retorted Hackbit. " Yon set the match to the fire and now it has grown as big as a house, you expect a bucket of water to put it out. The game doesn't pay. Do you want her yourself, that you begin to defend her ? Go and ask her to go away with \oa; she would if yoa ask her." "No, she wouldn't," 6aid Rimpler coolly; " and I would never ask her." "Oh, you are both angels from heaven, I know," sneered Hackbit. '.'But about the business, Rimpler. You'll have to be more cautious. If you ruin people wholesale, we shall get into the papers. You sold up an awful number of families last month; and in one neighbourhood, too. They'll get talking together, and then it'll get into the papers, and they'll find out who it is that's the real moneylender, and then it will be ruination." " It would'nt be you ruined; it would be Mr, Rimmon," Baid Rimpler. '•And isn't that mer'' retorted Hackbit, snappishly. " Don't I mean to have his money some*time ? He may make it a good deal more if he keeps dark a few years longer." " If you go on drinking as you have been lately, you'll die first. You've drunk yourself into delirium tremens about as soon as any man I have ever seen." Everybody in the houee was surprised to see Mr. Hackbit go off to Birmingoam that day, except the doctor, who said that opium had often done as much in cases of delirium iremens. Mr. Hackbit had scarcely left the house, when Keziah pnt on her things and went up to her mother's. She was not away long; but Mr, Rimpler noted the time when she left, and the time of her return, in a mechanical sort of way. When he heard her come into the next room after she had returned, he opened the door o): communication, and addressed her in a way he meant to be kind, but he received a chill in rebuff. " Ch, very well, my fine lady," said Mr. Rimpler. "The day may not be far distant when you will regTet not having taken Silas Rimpler fora-friend." "Yoa haven't it in yoa to be a friend to anybody," retorted Keziah, and quitted the room , It was cn account ol this rebuff that Mr, Rimpler, on Hackbit's return, reported Keziah's 'having been out, end added a little to it on his own account. Consequently, when Hackbit went up to bed and found his wife with her head already on the pillow, he ordered her to get up, and told her to eo and sleen in the spare room by herself. Sha obeyed in a bewildered dream, and crept from the room, carrying some of her clothes with her, and feeling that when Wilson was gene she would indeed be at the mercy of two villains. There was no bed prepared in the spare room. The bed that belonged to it was kept under another when out of use.- B^t what did it matter? She laid herself wearily upon the mattress, and covered herself with the clothes she had bra eht and la awak all night The following morning Keziah aressea aeraeif and went down early. Hackbit appeared at the usual hour. Keziah glanced at aim as he entered the breakfast-room. He knew it, though he did not look &t; her. 'Hehad his dressing-gown on, and be seated himself at his end of the breakfast-table, and took np the newspaper which lay folded on bis plate. The servant brought in the coffee. Keziah -commenced to pour - it ..oa^vgJSiie pas»edf,h£r husband his cap. He puft&^^his.toWwrAlii helped himself to a chop. boSpSra bot'Wferafij"! such attention to KeziahV She did not want anything, but a certain pride in-her would not give in, and allow him to think eheliad no appe&tja.; Besides, Mr.' Rirrpler would be in directly, and she did not mean him. r to eee Ker with an empty plate - before her. Soshewalkejl, to her "hOBbond'a end of thd table, and belped herself under hip very tipee. bit felt obliged to speak to Her, though not by any prompting of courtesy. " I hope you have spent a good night," he said, 6StJirically,'" and. that you feel refreshed and all that sort of thin«." "I thank yon," siid Keziah, with mock" ..Doliteness. " The question is rather un-. necessary,seeing that it was passed away irom you. Yes, I slent vary well, thank you—much better than usual." Mr. Rimpler here made liis appearance, rubbing his handj together, which were red with cold. He looked at Backbit first, then at Keziah: and after a curc good morning—they never shook hands—he remarked, as it taken unawares, " I think Mrs. Hackbit looks in need of a doctor." " Not at all,'' remarked her husband, " she has just been saying how well she is." » Keziah wo did perhaps have replied herself, but she was seized with a fit of coughing. " Pretty well done," observed her husband, " seeing you are not on the stage." i Keziah began to eat her breakfast in a kind of desperation, but the effort to swallow seemed great. Rimpler furtively watched her. Hackbit tried not to do so, but failed. "Oh," he6aid, getting up from the ta,bleat last, " I can't sit at the table to see you swallowing your breakfast like a dog does dumplings.' " Then go away if you don't want to see me," said Keziah. All this could not go on without some comments being made in the kitchen. Both the cook and the gardener had agreed that Wilson had been ill-treated by Hackbit in having received notice, and had commiserated her. Thus it happened that the elderly female began to have a better opinion of the other domestics. This morning on entering the kitchen she closed the door, and said to the cook: " Do you know where the missis slept last night ?" •'No,''answered the cook. " She slept in the spare room, with no bed and no covering." " What a shame'." cried the cook aud Roberts, the gardener, simultaneously. "I dread going," said Wilson. " Who will there be to look after the missis when I'm gone y And she's not fit to look after Leonard." " He is a brute," said Roberts, " ss ever lived ; and it's much to me if Rimpler doesn't get a match for him before he's done, and serve him right too." " Well," said the cook, " if you do go, I shall look after the baby. I shan't let her. s It's a sin and a shame ; aud he's as rich as a Jew, I do believe." " I shali*write to Mrs. Towers and tell her all about it to- day," said Wilson, following her own thoughts rather than answering. '' And I shall let Mr. David Rimmon know, too. It's no use telling her father. He won't hear anything against Mr. Hackbit." " And when you've told them," said Roberts, " what can they do?" " They might get a separation." "Them articles aren't so easy got as you seem to think," said Roberts. " You've never tried to get one, mayhap." " Of coarse not," said Wilson; how should I ? But what's that got to do with it ?" " Well, a good deal," replied the gardener. " I should hardly Say that," said David" mildly. " The command that we shall not judge, that we. be not judged, means that we are not to.-put, people down aB meaning wrong when we don't understand their actions." CHAPTER XLL- -C05EF0ET FEOJI OLHEEB' Woes. While Wilson was writing to Mrs. Towers and to David Rimmon, another letter was being written to David that might bring him to Jamley. The writer was Joshna Rimmon. This is what" Joshua wrote:— MMt Deab Beothee,—This is the season when there ought to be goodwill towards men iitall oarf heai-ts. ' Ever since my marriage I gatheredMny kinsfolk about me on. New gear's Eye. 'Why-break this sacred chain? [Mr. Rimmon liked: this, phrase, aud felt himself waxing eloquent.] 1 would not rob you of my boy whom yoa have adoptee', and who, I trust, may prove a .blessing and a comfort to yod in your declining years. Yet would I not jiavehim a stranger to his father's house, an alien and an outcast. Therefore I pray you tyring bim and - join my simple board for the New Year's Eve, and believe me, " Your forgiving brother, " Joshua Rimkok. " When David received.this he became greatly excited., JDeread.it before Wilson's, which lay on the table. Jnbal was., reading a sporting ir he took,.in, and ...expressed but little -est in a letto from me father.. David handed it to him when he had redd it three times. , -«Dear me," broke forth Jubal, having perused,itWith elevated eyebrows; "a pasterc n I d "I find no difficulty at all in understanding," returned jnbal,* tenderly touching his wavy hair and looking at it in a mirror opposite. " He thinks people in Jutnley will talk if he doesn't have anybody for New Year's Eve, and there's nobody to come but Dorcas and Keziah and us, and my most respected brotherin-law, who will probably refuse to dance attendance on that occasion." "Of course I cannot control you," said David mildly; "but for myself,I cannot pray, •Forgive me my sins as I forgive those who sin against me,' and,ref use at the same time to forgive my brother.' " He has never asked you to forgive him,' said Jnbal, a cynical smile breaking over his face.; _ . " Well, no," replied David, colouring little. " Now I think of it, he hasn't. Still, his ways aren't like ours: he never was like other people ; and I think he means it all right. But I think that it's no part of my work to sift and sift, and find out if be means all he says. That's the work of a higher than ma. But it is for Jie to forgive seventy times seven, and to live peaceably with all men, so far as it in me lies; and I shall go to Jumley. " You're not a bit of a man. uncle," said Jubal superiorly, 44 or yoa wouldn't be taken in as you axe." " I'm afraid I am cowardly; it has always been my fault," said David'simply. " But I don't think I mean to be cowardly in this.' And he took ap the other letter and looked at the address. "Idon't know this writing," he observed. " I wonder who it 16." "Why don't you open it and see?" said Jubal rather rudely. His uncle silently opened the letter. " Oh, Jubal,'' he said, with a kind of cry. "Poor Keziah!" What's the matter with her r" Jubal asked rather indifferently. " This is from her nursemaid, Wilson; 6he says that Thomas is frightfully illtreatiug her. I am astonished." "Fm not. She shouldn't have married him. She made her bed; let her lie on it." " I wonder how you can talk so," said David, in a tone as nearly approaching anger as he had ever used to Julial. "One would think you had co affection at all for her, your own sister." " She shouldn't have played the fool. I was all right with her before." " Jubal," said his uncle, depreciatingly, " is this the time to reproach her with a faJ&e; step?" " I'm not going to reproach her. I shall not go near her. But I'm not sure I won't go home, & it's only to see the mother. She was always decent enough." "I think it is your duty to go home, now your fate caile you. And I think it is your duty equally to be kind to your Bister, who has certainly alwayB been good to you, and who is sorely in need of a lind friend just now. You could be more to her than anybody else, if you liked. You oaght to go, Jubal.'' ' " Ought stands for nothing. If I go home, I don't toink I shall open my lips to my father. I shall certainly not go near Keziah." " Well, well," said David Rimmon. " I do wish I had somebody to advise me." And it passed through his mind how good an adviser Maud Towers would have been, had be keen free to go to her. But he was not. At the same hour Maud was equally perplexed with David, and the same subject w&s; before her notice. She did not take long to consider her action. She wrote to Keziah :— "My Dsas, Drab Keziah,—I have heard to-day, with a pain that shows me how dear yoa are to me, of the sea of trouble which surrounds you and threatens to overwhelm you. One sad consolation I have to offer, and you will, I fear, say this is none. For in suffering for each other, we do not increase each other's load. You are not alone. If yoa are overwhelmed, so am I. How came we both to make such mistakes? Oar lots, though different, are strangely alike, except in one thing. You looked for calm life with your cousin ; I looked for bliss. You have missed the calm and found tumalt. I have missed supreme happiness, and found supreme misery; Perhaps this does not $6tmd1ike sympathy r yet as I writer my heart* . bleeds for yoa. I find myeelf always sighing .. for the days when you and I had quarrelled ' at unyfirsside, and were so happy, aud did not know it. None know what nappiness. is bat those who have lost it for ever. W^'sffe botn of as so yoang, Kizzy, it does seem' hard that we should .look .with' longing .eyes to the ;ti039'wh^ideath^cjrrelea8e csfromoiirmany iec»rdwB. ?FcairiiJfil^hlrik <*<fhflt! tod yet, it labot happimtst ^mbtiflfer ft'-p&i;'.'' ' only rest from this torment; for how can I expect the love that has died upon earth, and left my living love clinging to its corpse, to rekindle in another world ? It will not happen. Eternal love that men tajik about does not exist. What cause, have I ever given that be-should turn 'from-'me ? He never spends a moment in my company he can help. We have no business "connection now, even. For I have ordered all fherentstobe paid into his hands long ago, and Hake just what he doles out to me. I often walk in the cemetery you and I looked at together one day. You remember we 6aid we would not go there again; it made us ^sad. Now, it comforts me iuet a little, for I look at the white stones and the fresh grassy mounds and I think, ' This is a home where I may rest some day—sooner, perhaps, than I dare hope.' I felt a bit hurt at first when I heard that Bertram had gone to Mr. Saltring's. I would have been so glad of him; but you know best. It will surprise you to hear that I never paint anything now, and I never touch the piano. You may ask, ' How do I employ my time, then V I don't think I know. I can't tliink of anything just now that I am in the habit of doing. I hope yoa, have not thought it unkind of me not to have written to you before; bat I had no good news to send, and I did not wish to sadden you. 1 could not write to you and pretend all was right, when it was so far, far from being the case. But now nothing I can send yoa could make yoa more miserable than my silence. I feel very thankful to Wilson for having written; please tell her so from me. Lionel is in a dreadful way about me. He can't help seeing how things are, though I have told him nothing. You know, I suppose, that Gerald is with Dr. Elworthy. They get on together very well; but Gerald never comes here. He must have seen and understood in his one visit. Tom went in for his examination again, and got plucked. When he came and told me, he said I need not fear ; he would fulfil the condition that I had made for him on marrying him. To think of my being interpreted in that way, Kizzy! You mow it was for him, and him alone, I wanted him to get his qualification. What could it matter to me? What b an anything matter to me now, since he does w ot love me, and never, never will again ? If i had said anything like that to you in the old m ays when we were together, you would have a shaken that small head of yours, aud made me e some saucy answer. I wonder if you ever w makesaucy answers now to anyone? 1 cannot bear to imagine you as always grave: it seems unnatural. But perhaps it is as difficult for you to imagine me wandering about in an aimless way, existing from day to day, not living, not caring a bit what I put on, nor how I look. But 1 do know that nothing I put on, . nothing I could put on, could make me look pretty, as you used to think me. I have grown very thin, and my eyes always look, heavy and dull; it most be sleeping so little and crying so much, I suppose. Bat enough of this, xou used to say I was unreasonable. If I could only have you again all to myself, I don't thrak I should be so unreasonable. Trouble makes such changes in one. Tom is changed; his hair is turning quite grey. And now, dearest Kizzy, let as be all in all to each other, though it be only in thought and at a distance. " Your faithfal friend, Matjd." When Keziah received this letter she had a brief moment of rest from her own sorrows in thinking of her friend'B. "Ah," she thought. " however bitter my lot is, Maud's is worse; I am only separated from the man I love, and am ill-treated by the man who is my husband; but Maud has lost the love of the man she still loves and who once loved her. Yee, that is worse." She could pictnre it. She .had only to think what it would be like to have married Rupert and then to have lost his love. CHAPTER XLII.—ME. ROTKON Loses MOKE Thau His Tbiu'eb. Keziah did not answer Maud's letter at once, for she had other matters in h«nd. She had promised to go in and help her mother in preparing for the New Year's Eve festivities which were to come off as usual. Mr. Hackbit had been persuaded by his father-in-law to join the party, jnst to keep up appearances. Whether he would actually do bo or not wae still a question. He was not drinking so much; he had had a fright. How long this would last was doubtful. He made no objection to Keziah's going in to assist her mother, telling -her politely that her room was better than her company. -Keziah's spirit rose against this insult, and she determinecTto' fight hard to look . as. if Jill were right, and not give him the pleasure; of, cowing her. - Sheentered her father's bwtte'by the back way, &Ba.; went inta ±he^--idt<ii6n. There..was Mr&^Runmdn a^lw^.^^'shfc tying the puddings up, ready' ft/^alfiiito a'p'ot thatwas boiling "oajtfio'fire. •'This grate's worae than ever this year,** Mrs. Rimmon began, "and now the boiler's cracked,-and we can get no hot water. ' Just as if there wasn't worry enough, without that. And I'm sure I don't think any of the fuss as is made is worth while. Who wants to come heve^ "iVever mina, momei," reuirncu " It is not worth making a bother about; you should get hardened. Give people their deserts. If the dinner gets spoiled, don't you trouble your head about it. It's no good people worrying themselves into the grave because they can't please people who are unpleasable." - She had been taking off her things while she spoke, and turning up her sleeves, in readiness to be of use. " What shall I do first, mother ?" she asked. " Well, Kizzy," said her mother, "If you'd just make a bit of paste for a mince pie for your father's dinner—he'll expect one." " And is nobody else to have one ?" broke in Keeiah, sharply. "Not to-day," said Mrs. Rimmon. "You see, we shall all get some on New Year's Eve." "Allright," rejoined Keziah. "If no one else is to have any, he Bbau't have any either." "If you won't make it for bim, I must," said Mrs. Rimmon, resignedly. "Don't be so stupid, mother. Tell Gramps you asked me to do it aud I wouldn't." " On, Kizzy," said Mrs. Rimmon, beginning to cry " There is always a plenty of wasps flying about, without stirring up a wasp's nest." " Indeed," retorted Keziah, amused. " And if the wasps' neste are left alone, the more wasps will be flying about." " Well, those as stir them up are sure to get stung, 1 ' said Mrs. Rimmon. " Well, what does it matter," said Keziah, " if they don't ask other people to bear the smart for them?" "I have heard of people beins: stutig to death," returned Mrs. Rimmon. who had got deep in the metaphor, and rather astonished herself. " I am one of the people that would rather be stung to death at once than be pestered by occasional stings for years, and years." There was more in this than Mrs. Rimmon could see, for she, in common with others of the hu£$n race, was thinking of her own situation more.than of her daughter's. When half-past one came, Mr. Rimmon arrived, and demanded his dinner. A cloth was laid for him on the end of the dining - room table, ana further than this he could see no preparation, so he came into the kitchen to view the land. He caught sight of his daughter. It had been to some satisfaction that Keziah was caged : but he had never lost his fear of her. So when hi saw her there, he did not break forth as he would otherwise have done. " What do yoa want ?" Keziah asked sharply. " Well, my dinner," replied her father. " Well, the quieter you keep about it, the sooner you'll get it." What was the UBe of his remaining in the kitchen ? None at all. He went back to the drawin groom, and took up a volume of Wesley's sermons and scanned it morosely. He bad not to wait long. Keziah with her own hands brought a tray in, and to Mr. Simmon's infi- nite astonishment, she placed between his knife and fork a plate with a few slices of cold meat upon it. " What's this, Kizzy f" he said, eyeing tie plate from where he sat, with much disfavour. •* It's your dinner," said Keziah, " and the sooner you eat it the better." Mr. Rimmon seated himself at tbe table, but did not begin to eat the meat. He was thinking that he would mak6 his dinner off the mince-pie that was to follow. He waited a long time, but nobody came. He rang the bell. Sarah answered it. " Take tb is away," he said, pointing at the plate. " and bring the mince-pie iu.'' "There's no mince-pie," said Sarah, half afraid. " No mince-pie !" said Mr. Rimmon, with a stop after each syllable. On hearing this, Mr. Rimmon got up from the table with the intention of going without any dinner. There was an iron safe in the wall of the room, and he unlocked it, intending to get some papers out. He put tbe door hurriedly to as he heard some one come in. He thought it was Keziah, and reisolved not to' speak ttf Tier-.'' Btit it was his sister Dorcas. Her brother looked at her, and wondered what on earth had brought hex,, there. Her face was beaming. ' " What do you think, Joshua ?" she said. , " I don't know," said ^Jostua, very indifferently *' That wrstcji Brougham Banner's son has beea dtowned ] oneof the twins, you know.*'^ "Ave you not going to say anything, Joshua r' " Yes," he answered. " Go about your business." " Oh, indeed," said Miss Dorcas, swaying her head ap and 4own, "I must go about my business, mast I ? And is it any part of your business to send me about my business ? Answer me that." " I tell yoa 1 don't want to be bothered with you," said Joshua irritably. Oh, and you're ready to use me," said his sister, "and also abuse me, so it seems. Bat let me tell you one thing, there's a • dog on your track. Ha!" she said, " I thought you'd show some interest at that piece of news. Only last night, sir I heard a man call you^a_whited sepulchre.,' The scriptural phrase stabbed Joshua deeply. '' Was it a Jumley man ?" " That's my business, and I'll mind it." " What do you want to be sach a fool forV said her brother. " If anybody Baid audi a thing, I ought to know who it is. Would yoa let the ground be taken from under my feet, and never give me warning?" " Measure for measure," said Miss Dorcas. " The measure you mete shall be measured to you again.' " Well," said her bretner, with a grim smile, " my ruin would be your ruin, thank Heaven." " Ho, ho," laughed Dorcas. " When a house falls there's always somebody on the look-out to carry the treasure away. What if the one who carries the treasure away should marry me All the anxiety died oat of Mr. Rimmon'e face on hearing this. " A mare's nest," he said. " I know whom yon mean." And he laughed satirically, locked ap his iron safe, and was leaving the room when the_ key dropped from his pocket on to the cushioned chair, and he did not hear it. He went back to his bank laughing to himself. No sooner had he gone right away from the house than Dorcas gleefully. seized the key. " Oh, Silas, my dearest," she cried, " my time has come at last." And she opened the .safe,, having previously locked the door jnst. as Joshua Rimmon had done in the hour when he etrayed Rupert Edmonton. Somehow, the ords she had just used to her brother came nto her mind, she did not know why: "The easure ye mete shall be measured onto yoa Had she known all about the treachrous deed her brother had been guilty of, the would have been ominous enough. But she did not. Having taken a .certain bundle of papers,.out of the safe, she placed the key., on the leather chair, where it had fallen. So it happened that when Joshua came home and his eyes fell upon the key, a cold sweat broke out upon lnm ; and a great fee' ing of gratitude came into his heart, he hardly knew to what or whom, to fate most probably, that he and no other had found the key. It never occurred to him in any form that it might have been found and uBed. That night Dorcas Rimmon waited in the shadow of a rained engine-hoase in the Old Park. A keen wind was blowing, aadjshe stared as for as she coald along the dark path that led between worked-outmines towards her brother's house. But, wearied bjr^ihe intense - darkness, she turned her eyes awa^ tb rest upon the dim lights of the town and the glare of the furnaces. A figure of a man waa approaching between her and one of the lights. Conld it be Silas, coming another way ? He might have been somewhere for ThomaB, and so have been unable to keep his appointment. The man was passing her. " Perhaps, , he can't see me," thought Dorcas. She stenped out a little. " Silas," she said in -a sharp whisper. The man turned upon her ana scanned her. " What are yoa prowling about for?" said a husky voice. . . . " That is the expression yoa use in this country ? Oh del, what a country it-iB." Dorcas retreated into the shadow. But she was not so easily quit of the stranger, whofollowed her. " And was it for me yoa were waiting ?" ha said, in a charming manner.' " I took yoa for a pit-bank worker, as they callthemin,"thia heathenish land. Bat I see yoa are ;ie#sctable. These pit-bank workers, they -yvflfgive you a kiss, bat they do smell of the coal. "Sat you smell sweetly of the lavender-water, it is a shame you .ehonld wait here in solitude. I will bear yoa company." " Are youa stranger to these .pacta ??*. asked Miss Dorcas, hoping this stranger.would etay onto Silas Rimpler came up, to excite his, jealousy and so increase his ardour. ~ " Yea, I am a stranger tb tbese.parta," replied the gentleman. "But.lTOU lmow'the n^ghbourhood better if yDU permttme.". ' ^ thought - Dorcas, - delighted, "ho •thinks the neighbourhood belongs 'to me'!"."She wondered what this stranger was like( it .being to* darfc to distinguish hia^featares. " Are yon intending to stay here," asked Dorcas sweetly, for any time ?" " I stay," replied the stranger, " wherever soft arms.detain me. But at present it is at Wolverhampton I am, amusing the., public, which is not very elevated, it does appear to me." " May I ask where are you going now ?" . " I was going ap to a Mr, Hackbeetfs, on a little matter of business." " Oh, he is my nephew.'' " Yoar what ? Oh Ciel! Then yoa were the youngest of the family, is.it not, come to brighten the old age of your esteemed mamma and papa No, I am not the youngest," replied Dorcas. The ardour of the gentleman seemed to go down considerably, and he bade her a cool good night. As he was departing, not taking particular notice of his footing, he threw himself into' the arms of Silas Simpler, who was advancing from the opposite direction. " What the devil are you about ?" jerked out Mr. Rimpler, catching his breath and staggerine. (TO BE COXTISCED). 