THE DOCTORS SHOOK THEIR HEADS. 44 I would give a million dollars for a stom ach,"' said a wealthy American recently. Now a million dollars (£200,000) is a deal oi' money, hut he was not able to buy the article even at that price. Mr Thomas Gaskin, of N'o. Poplar How, Darley Abliey, near Derby, is not so rich as many! being a gardener/hut he was ready enough to give all he had for one thing lie hadn't got. Here is his story, and he shall toll it iu his own way. Mr Gnslciu goes on to say : "Up to eight years ago I had never lost an •hours' work through .sickness. In December, 188*2, whilst living at 13eeslon. near Notting ham, my appetite fell away, \I had dreadful pain after eating, a had taste in 1113' month, which would till with water and slime, the lat ter so thick and sticky that I often had to remove it with my fingers. My chest used to 4 fill up' 'and inv throat would swell so I could't button 1113* shirt at the neck. I vomited a great deal, chief!}* a yellowish-green phlegm. I had a racking cough, and would cough and straiu till I bled at thcnose.andthc blood rushed out of my ears. I became exhausted ami sboi tof breath, and bad to call the doctor, ami w;is in bed five or six weeks. 441 then went as out-patient to the Notting ham Hospital, and after attending there for six mouths was very little better. I got so thin that I was like a ghost walkiugnbout, and 1113' friends said it was all up with iuc. For cigh Ictu months I kept getting better, then wor.se and at last the doctors recommended iuc to txy a cliaugc of air. So I came to Daiicy Abbey and my former master gave mc an iudcor re commendation to the Derbyshire Infirmary, Derl>3*. I found, however, that all the beds in the hospital were full, aud 1 saw my club doctor and also two doctors at Dcrly. The first one said, * You are in a galloping'consutnption, and must, die' :tho other doctors, after sounding 1113* lungs and chest, said nothing but shook their heads. 44 Getting a trifle better my old master al lowed 1110 to do what little I could iu his gardens and grounds ; ami some days I worked .a little, and then would be away for a few days. Things went on like this until December 1888,wheal caught cold, got very short of breath, aud broke down completely. 1 was nl wuys coughing ami spitting up phlegm, sume tlines as much as a leacupful at once, aud was afraid to go to sleep for fear the phlegm would choke iuc. At this time the whites of iny eyes turned yellow, ami 1113* c\\*cs were bloodshot. My lip3 and mouth were dry and parched aud I often broke out into a cold clammy' sweat. My tongue was like a piece of brown leather, and I could keep nothing down. I lost over a stone weight in three weeks. 441 juauuged to get up for a few hours at a time, hut was so weak 1 had to take hold of the furniture to move a few yards. I was always tired and weary, and sitting or lying, was never at ease and had 110 real rest. Too weak toreadl often sat for hours looking at Ho llands—nothing hut skin and hone—and was so nervous I couldn't hear the least noise, and the children at play quite upset mc. " The doctor kept on attending me, hut lie suid. ♦ I can do 110 good ; I can 011I3* patch 3-011 up, because3rour lungs are diseased/ I then gave over taking his medicine and tried every thing I could hear of. One thing was a cough cure fronrLondon that cost 22s a bottle. 13ut nothiug did any good, and my friends who came to see me said, 4 Well, you won't cough inuchlonger, you have merely to prepare for another world.' ♦'About the middle of March, 1889, a neigh bor named Joseph Tatluini, who works iu the paper mills at Darley Ahhc}*, said to me, ' Tom did you ever try Mother Scigel's Syrup r' and told uie how he had been cured after being 111 the hospital.. He spoke so much in praise of this medicine I sent my wife to Derby and got a liottle at Mr Smith's stores in Victoria street.- After the first dose 1 had an evacua tion black as ink, aud vomited. Thou 1 fell asleep and felt rested when I awoke. After taking the medicine for three daj*s my breathing got easier, 1113* food kept down, and in a fews da3's more I was able to go out for short walk. B3' the end of a fortnight went to sco my master, who asked what had wrought tliu improvement, aud I told liim, as I tcllevery one, that Mother Scigcl's S3*rup had saved my life. I comuieuccd work at once, aud have never lost a day's work since. " Of course my strength did not return all at once, hut after taking Scigcl's Syrup for six months 1 was strong as ever iu 1113* life and have continued so ever since." In giving his consent to the publication of tliis remarkable statement Mr Gaskiu requests us to referall doubters to him or to Mr Kcetly, Head Gardener, Darlej* Abbo\\\ who is acquainted with all the facts alleged. Mr Gaskin has lived at Darley Abl>e3*, 22 years and bears an excel lent reputation. 