CHAPTER I. I THE UOY .CHAKA. PBOPIIKSIKg. You ask me, my rather, to tell you the tale of. the youth of Uinslopogaas iwho was named Bulalio the Slaughterer, and of his love for Nada, the most beautiful of. Zulu women. It is long ;-but-you are here for many nights;' and," if I live to tell it, it shall be told. Strengthen your heart, my, father, for I have much to say that is sorrowful, and when'I think' of Nada the tears creep*through the,, horn that shuts out my old eyes from light. Do you know who I am, iny father ? You do not kuow. You think that 1 am an old, old witch-doctor .named Zweete. So ali men have thought for many years, but that is not my name.. None .have kno wn it, and I have kept it locked in my . breast, lest, though I live now' under the law of the White Man, and the Great Queen is my. chieftainess, an assegai still might find this heart did any know my name. . , Look at this hand, my rather-no, not that which is withered, with .fire; look on this right band of mine. You see it, though I who am blind cannot. But still, within me I see it aa once it was. Ay ! I see it red and strong-red with the blood of two kings*;Hearken, my father;''bend1'yeur ear to mo and hearken. I am-Mopo-ah! I felt you start; you start as the regiment of the Bees started when Mopo walked before tkeir ranks, and from the assegai in*, his hand .the blood of Chaka* .dropped slowly to the earth. I- a tu Mopo who slew Ohaka the : king. I slew :kim with Dingaan: and Umhlangana the princes ; but. the ' wound was-mine that IUB life: crept'out of, and but jjor rne he would never have been ?? slain. . I Blew him with the princes, but Dingaan, I and one other slew alone. I ' What do you'say? " Dingaan died by the Tongola.' . ; ? . .? . I ¡Yes, yes, he died, but' not there ;? he died on' the * Ghost Mountain ;.'? he lies 'on the breast of the old'Stono'Witch who sits aloft for ever waiting' for''the "world to perish. But'I''I'also 'was on the Ghost Mountain. Iri'thos'e days'my feet^ stiti could travel fast, and verigoancq 'would' not let me sleep.; "I travelled. by day, and by night I'found uiiri: I and'another; we killed hiirir-ali ! 'ah ! 1 ' , Why do l teliyou this? :'AV;hat has it to do with the loves of Umslopogaas and Nada the Lily? I .will tell, you. , I slew Chaka for the sake of my : sister,, Balek'a, tho mother of Umslopogaas. v-I and Umslopo- gaas slew Dingaan .fpr the. saííb of Nada, who was my, daughter, ¡i.i ,, . j There aroa'great, many names m my story, my father. Tes, many have heard the names: when the Imp's roared.them out as .they charged, in battle, ! have felt..the mountains shake, and seen the waters quiver iii the sound of.them. -But.where are .they now ? . Silence has them, and'the white men write them down,'.in .books. I opened the gates of distance for:the holders of the namea."" They passed through'and they are gone beyond; I cut the" strings' that tied them to the world. . They fell off. Ha! ha!. They fell off! . Perhaps they are falling still, perhaps «they creep about the desolate kraals iu the skins of snakes. :I wish I knew the snakes that I might crush them with my heel..' Yonder, beneath Vus, nt. the hurying-' pla'ce of kings, there is a' hole. In that hole ho'tho bones of Chaka, the king who died fdr'Baleka. .Par. away in Zululand there;is a cleft upon 'tho !Grhost Mountain.' 'At' the foot of .that; clcftJie! the bones of Dmgaan; the king who died for Nada.' . It was far to fall,' and he'was heavy ; those, bones of his' aro broken into little pieces.Vi .went 'to'séè them when the vultures and jackals had done their work. And then I laughed throe times and' came hero to "die. 5 !"All this is long ago, and I have not died j and. yet i wish to die and follow the^ road that Nada trod. Perhaps I have lived to tell you this tale", my 'father,"that you may tell it to the white men if you will. ; How . old.am I?'. Nay, I know not! Very, very old.: ,Had Chaka lived he would have been as old as I.f - None are living whom I knew when I was a boy. I am so bid that I must hasten. The, grass withers'and the winter comes, j Yes, while I: speak the winter nips my heart. Well, I am ready to sleep in the cold, and.pei'haps ' I ;shall wake again in the spring.: . V'."' ?"''. ''']'"".'[ ! ''. " '?';"-':,: ¡ ^Before the Zulus were a people-for I will begin at tho' beginning-I was .born in the Langeni tribe; - We' were not o large .tribe ; afterwards,' all "our able-bodied men numbered, "ono. full regiment. in - dhaka's army, J bait tho men were brave. 'Now they, are all dead-that people-is no more. It is gone like last month's moon ; how it went I will'tell you by-an'd-by'e. '.; , Our-tribe lived-rn a: beautiful .open country; the Boors, whom we called the Amaboona,' aro there now, they : tell me. My father, Makedama, was chief ' of, the tribe, and hi« kraal was built on the crest of n hill, but I was not the son of his chief wife. One, evening, when I was still little, standing as high as 'a man's elbow only, I wont out with my mother below the cattle kraal to see tho cows driven in. My mother was very fond of those cows, and there was : *The Zulu NapoIi'iHi,'nne of the greatest geniuses and most wioked men1 who ever .-lived, ile was killed in. the year'1 SSS, having Slaughtered more than a million human uoiugs'.-lin. '' *.. . f This wou'd have mojto him nearly one hundred years old, an'ng« rarely attained, by a native, The writor remembers talking to ¿n aged Ziilu.womon, howBver,,wlio told him that sho was married when Chaka wis king.-ED.- . , .'. ¡- .v \ -X The full Zulu regiment would number bBtwren two sud three thousand .'men.'1: Probably. Mopo's cribs' ooUBisted of about nine thousand souls.'-ED. i ? one with a white face that would follow her about.', Sb~e "camed" my;little Bister. Baleka riding*on- her hip-; TJaleka' was a baby then. We walked till, we met the Iuds driving in the cow's!'' My' mother called the white faced cow and gavo it1 moalie leaves which she had brought with her. Then the lads went on with the cattle, but the white-faced cow stripped by my mother. She said she would bring it to the kraal when she came home. My mother sat down on the grass and nursed her baby, while I played round her aud the cow grazed. Presently, wo saw a woman walking towards us across the plaiu. She walked like one who is very tired. On her back was a bundle of mata, and she led by her hand a boy of about my pwn ago, but bigger and stronger than 1. We waited a long while, till at last, the woman came up to us and sank down on the veldt, for Bho was very weary. We saw by the way her hair was dressed that she was not of our tribe. . . : ' Greeting to you !' said the woman. ; ' Greeting !' answered my mother. ' What do you seek ?' :'Pood, and a hut to. sleep in,'said the woman. ' I-have travelled far.' ? ' How are you named ?-and what is your people ?'asked ray mother. '" ; ' My name ÍB TJnandi ; I am the wife of Senzangacona, of the Zulu tribe,' said the woman. 1 Now, there had been war between our people and the Zulu people, and' Senzanga- cona had killed some of our warriors and taken many of our cattle. So, when my mother heard'the speech of TJnandi BIIB sprang up in anger. 'You dare to come here and ask me for food and shelter, wife of a dog of a Zulu !' she cried ; J begone, br I will call the girls to whip you'; out of our country.' ; . ' ? The woman, who was very handsome, waited till my mother had finished her angry, words; then looked up and spoke slowly, ' There ÍB a cow by'you with, milk.tlropping from its udder ; will you not even give me and my boy a gourd of milk ?' and. she toot a gourd from her. bundle and held it towards U8. ' :,' 'I will not,' said my mother.. . -, * ' We are thirsty with long travel ; will you riot, then, give us a cup of water? We have found none for many hours.', ., ? ,,, .; ; ' I will not,-wife of a dog ;. go seek water for yourself.' . ",;,,'? The, woman's eyes filled with tears,-but the boy folded his arms on his breast and scowled. lie was a very handsome boy with bright black eyeB, but when he scowled his eyes were like the Bky before a thunder- storm. . . . ?: . : . r .'i,,'. ; ' Mother,' he said,..'we are not wanted here any more - than we were . wnnted yonder,' and he nodded, towards the country where the Zulu people lived. ,'Lot us be going to Dingiswayo ; the Umtetwa, people will protect ÜB.' , , ,.' . , ''les, let us be going, my. son,' said. TJnandi ; ' but the way ÍB long, wo are weary, and shall fall bytbeway.' : i.,,.-,;.'.i,:., .' ' I heard, and something ^pulled, at my heart; I was sorry for the woman and the boy,.' they looked- so tired;-- ¡Then,' without saying anything to my mother, I snatched the gourd- and ran with it to a' little donga that was hard' by, for I knew that there was a spring. Presently I came back-with1 the gourd tull'of water. My mother wanted to' catch1'me, for she was very angry, but I ran past her and gave tho gourd . to the boy.! 'Then' my mother' ceased trying to interfere, only she beat'the'woman'with her tongue all.the while, saying that evil had, come to bur kraals from' her husband, and BOO felt in her heart that moro evil would come upon us from her son'. ' Her Ehlosó * told her so. Ah ! my father, Her Ehlosó told her true. If the woman TJnandi and her child had died that day on the veldt, the ! gardens of my people would not now be' a wilderness, and their bones would not lie in the great gully that is near tf'Cetywayo's kraal. " ? f While my mother talked I,and,the cow with the white face Btood still and watched, and. the baby Baleka cried aloud. The boy, .Unandi's son, having taken the gourd, .did not offer the water, to his mother. He drank two-thirds of it himself ; I think he would have drunk it all had not his thirst been slaked ; but when he had dono he gave what was left to his mother, and she finished. it.. Then he took the gourd again, and came forward, < holding it in one : hand in. the other he had'a short stick.' ; [ ' What is your name, boy ?' he'said to me as a big rich-man speakVto one who is little and poor. " , ; - * Mopo is my name,''I answered. ' , ' And what is the name bf your'people ?" I told him the name of my ' tribe, the -Langeni tribe. r; < . ; ' Very well, Mopo ; now I will tellybu'my' name: My name is Chaka, son'of Sonzonga cona, and my people are called the Ámazulu. .And-nowr 'I:iwill tell you something more, tl am little to-day, and my people aro a little people. But I .'shall grow big, sb big that my head will he lost in the-clouds-; you will look up and you will not seö it." ,My face will blind you ; it will be bright like the' .sun, and my people will grow big with me ; they shall eat up the whole; world. ' And' when' I am big and my people are big, and we have stamped the earth flat as far'as men can travel,, then J will remember your tribe-the tribe of, the.Langeni, who, would not give me and ' my:móther a cup bf milk when:we were weary.- You Bee this gourd ; for every drop it ; will. hold, the .blood of a man shall, flow-the blood of one bf, your, men. But because you gaye nie the water I will spare> you and: you only,.and', make you great, under me. You shall grow.fat in my shadow. You alone I will never harm, however you. sin against me ; that I swear. But for that woman,' and he pointed to my mother, ' let, her make haste and die, so that I do not.have to tench her what a long time death can; take to, come. I have- spoken,' And be ground his teeth und shook his stick towards us.-: ..- i ;.- < -.- ¡;.. .My mother stood still awhile. Then she gasped but: "The little liar.': He'speaks like a man, docs he? The calf ¡lows like a bull. . I will teach him another1 note-the brat of an evil prophet !' And,' putting down Baleka, she ran at tho boy. . . . i : Chaka stood still till she was near ; then suddenly he lifted tho stick in his hand, and hit her.so hard, on the head,that he fell down. After that he laughed, turned, and went away with his mother, These, my father, were the first.words that I heard Chaka speak, and they were words of prophecy, and they came true. The last words I heard him speak were, words ,of prophecy also, and I think that they will come true. Even now they are coming true. Jn.the .ouo he.told-how tho Zulu people should-riso. : And say, have they nft risen? Tn tho other.'he told how they should:, fall ; and they will fall. .' Do not the white men gather themselves together eVennow, against .Guardian spirit. TJ'Cetywayo aa vultures gather round a dying ox. The Zulus' aro not- what they were to stand against them. Tes, yes, they will come true, and mine is the song pf a people that is doomed. ; -i But of these1 other words I will speak in their place. ',''\\. .'.;' , , . I went to my mother.. Presently she raised herself from the ground, and sat.up with her hands over her face. The blood from the wound the stick had made'ran down her hands on to her breast, ' and I wiped it away with grass. She sat for a long while thus, while the child cried, the cow lowed to be milked, and I wiped away the blood with the grass. At last" she took her hands away and spoke to me. ' Mopo, my son,' she said, ' I have dreamed a dream, I dreamed that I Baw the boy Chaka who struck me : he was grown like a giant. He stalked across the mountains and the veldt, his eyes blazed like the lightning, and in his hand he shook a little assegai that was rod with blood. He caught up people after j people in his hands and tore them, he stamped their kraals flat with his feet. Before bim was the green of summer, behind him the land was black as when the tires have eaten the grass. I saw our people, Mopo : they were many and fat, the hearts laughed, the men were brave, the girls were fair ; I counted 'the children ' by hundreds. I ' saw them again,' Mopp. They were bones, white , bones, thousands of bones tumbled together, in a rocky place, and he, Chaka* 'stood over the bones and laughed till, tbe earth shook,; 'Then, Mopo, I saw you grow a'man. You alone were left pf 'our people. You crept up behind, the giant .Chaka, ' and with you came other.-«,' great men of a royal look. You stabbed him' with a -little spear; and he fell down and grow small again ; he fell down and prayed 'for' 'mercy. ' But you cried in his ear a name-the name Pf Baleka, your sisterTrand he died. . Let us go home, Mopo, let us go home ; the darkness falls:' ? ; So we turned arid went home. But I held ray" peace, for I; was ;, afraid, very much afraid. ?? ,???.?'.. 