THE STRIKE. The strike is not yet at an end, but it might as well he for all the good its pro longation is likely to do to the strikers. We may go further and say that every day's delay in declaring the strike on in volves a perfectly needless addition to the terrible amount of loss and suflermg already caused. The truest friends of the Broken Hill workers are advising them to abandon a hopeless struggle. It cannot be doubted by the men on strike that the counsels of the labor representatives from Adelaide are offered in perfect good faith, and that they recommend a course ot action which they believe to be absolutely best in the interests of the miners. \ V e publish to-day a communication from Bishop Dunne, ofWilcannia, who makes a fervent appeal to the defence committee to declare the strike at an end. _ That worthy prelate is under no suspicion of want of sympathy with the men. He lias befriended them from the outset, and did his best with other would-be mediators to obtain a conference on their behalf— unhappily without success. It is because he is so keenly sympathetic that Bishop Dunne urges the cessation of a conilicb already decided against the men. He sees plainly and says fearlessly that persistence in the fight simply means that defeat will be crowned by irretrievable disaster. Assuredly the Broken Hill miners are under imprudent direction by the leaders they have chosen. The members of the first defence committee destroyed the chance of a conference by uphold ing the picketing system without the excuse that it served any useful end. They forgot themselves in moments of crisis, and brought them selves within the pale of the law. The members of the present committee are apparently unable to perceive what is patent to outsiders—that the longer the men remain out of employment the greater will be the distress in the end. They profess to detect signs of _ a disposi tion on the part of the other side to come to terms, but these must be evolved from a lively and over-sanguine imagination. They represent that the cause of unionism requires a fight to the bitter end, but they do not realise that in asking the men to drink the cup of bitterness to the very dregs they call for a positively use less sacrifice which unionism is not so unreasonable as to demand. There can be no dishonor to the Broken Hill strikers in accepting the issue, un pleasant as it may be, which circumstances have forced upon them. While the ghost of a hope of victory remained, they held their ground. A determination to con tinue resistance to the inevitable is merely | the policy of mad despair. _ Pope applied to disputing what Tully said of war—"that it should always be so managed as to remember that the only true end of it is peace ; but, generally, true disputants are like true sportsmen, their whole delight is in the pursuit." It would almost seem' as if the Broken Hill labor leaders took the latter view of the object of a labor struggle. They reject peace on the only conditions that are now procurable; they urge fighting as if it were a virtue in itself. Surely the men have suffered enough and lost enough already to be spared the humiliation of a rout. The time has come to put aside all illu sions. The mineowners declared that if their old employes did not return to work they would bring labor from other places. The Barrier unionists were told that this could not be done, but it lias been done. It would undoubtedly liave suited tlie mineowners better to have their pro perties worked by skilled miners ; it would suit them better now. Still they have made shift wish the imported non union labor, and probably they feel that they cannot turn these men adrift. _ It has been proved to the Barrier unionists that they are not absolutely indispensable, for the mines are at work without them, and every day operations are proceed ing 011 a larger scale. The prospect for the men on strike becomes gloomier the longer the hopeless struggle is' protracted. Already it is clear that if the strike were declared off to-morrow there would not be work for all who want it. Our correspondent at Broken Hill states tlvat over a thousand men at least will be stranded. It is obvious that such chalices of employment as still offer diminish with every addition to the ranks of the non-unionist laborers. In the pre sence of such facts, what possible advan tage can he gained by refraining from an official declaration that the strike is ofi ? How is Australian unionism to he pro fited by its further taxation in support of a strike that has failed % Or, as Bishop Dunne points out, will any one _ be justified in blaming men with wives and families to support if, risking the accusation of treachery to a cause to which they were loyal while there was the faintest hope of its success, they now determine to make the best of circum stances and go back to work % We dread to think of the misery which must be entailed if the struggle is fought " to the bitter end." Times are not so good that we can contemplate without dismay the creation of an unemployed difficulty oil the Barrier. The men have been eating up their own resources as well as those of others. They will he ill-prepared to suffer a further period of inactivity if the strike should end with the avenue to then former employment closed against them. I But it is precisely such a disaster as that I which is preparing under the mistaken j policy of the defence committee. Bishop Dunne suggests that a ballot should "be taken, but if that be persistently refused he urges that the men who have their future interests to consider should decide courageously to act on their own responsibility. Men who have wives and families to maintain cannot fairly be expected to doom those nearest and dearest to them to privations which will be terrible to endure, and the endurance of which can he of no possible benefit to their class. The chief obstacle i to a general return of the men on strike to their old employment is now merely the refusal of the mineowners to concede the formal recognition of unionism. So far as the contract system is concerned, the original objections are not pressed. Had a conference been held tlie men would probably have been duced to accept the . methods of contracting which have been introduced, and which in the first instance were not clearly understood. At present the difficulty is the assertion of the principle of freedom of contract. But this will not be solved in favor of the view taken by the Barrier unionists by the prolongation of the strike. There is nothing to be hoped for in that direction. On the other hand, as Bishop Dunne observes, unionism is not dissolved because it is not formally recognised. It has achieved its greatest triumphs when the priuciple of free contract has been in active operation. In any case, whatever dissatisfaction may be felt with the attitude taken by the direc tors on this point, mere discontent will not mend the situation. It is better to recognise that the strike has failed than to submit to further sacrifices. We repeat that the interests of the miners themselves require the cessation of a struggle which has already lasted far too long. 