I-,iii- Th« lIlMliup lot <;rnft«iii nt Keuipxey., : ; j The Bishop administered, the rite, of eoufir ination to 120 candidates ut Kempsey during his recent- visit. . His Lordship was after- wards presented- witli un -ndnress-nnd 00 guineas. ,,-Dr. Doyle,. replied ,in s a practical address, i-eferring to .the fine district bf the Macleay, and said Kempsey should he the second town in importance on the North Coast. He advised the residents to pursue dairying, and urged rotation of crops. He subsequently visited the Con vent.school, and was again presented, with au address and purse of sovereigns. " MUTUAL PROVIDENT MESSENOER."-This is the title of a small quarterly journal pub- lished in the interests of tho A. M. P, Society, The Hrst number gives information respect- ing the. benefits of life assurance, and reasons wliy people should insure, lt is a capital advertising medium for the Society, and forcible arguments are adduced to 'induce everyone to become policy-holders. REVISION* OK JURY LIST.-A Bench of 13 magistrates assembled on Tuesday to revise the jury list. No alterations were:made, and tho list, which comprises 430 names, was adopted, as compiled by che police. Pit EKERKNTI AL OCCUPATION LICENSES. The fees for the undermentioned preferential occupation licenses have been determined after reference to the Lands Appeal Court, at the following rates-Ramornie, ? 01,03.") aeres. £2 Ss per section ; Newbold Grange and Cangai, 81,503a., £2 2s Sd ¡ Little Riv-r, 15,575a., £2 2s 8d ; Coaldale, 20,770a., £1 ls .Id; Gordon Brook, 43,170a., £2 18s Sd; Taloumbi, 11,850a.. £1 12s. POPULATION BOUNDARIES'OF BELLINGEN. -The population boundaries of Bellingen embrace an area 'of KKI5 acres in parishes North and South' Bellingen and Gladstone, and 'bounded generaliv hy 32 to 37, parish Nbrtli Bellingen ; 122 and ¡5; South Bellingen. MARIUACIE-Themarriage of Dr. Marshall, of Macleay Hiver, and Miss Annie M'lutosh, eldest, daughter of Mr. H. H. M'lntosh, town clerk of Balmain, formerly of Ulmarra and Swan Creek, was celebrated at St. Andrew's Cathedral last week. The bride was followed by eight bridesmaids-the Misses M'lntosh, Miss Marshall, Miss Hartley, the Misses .Campbell, and the Misses Cameron, formerly of tho Clarence. The wedding breakfast was given in the Town Hall, Balmain, and the ghosts included Mr. and Mrs. John M'Far- lane and Mr. and Mrs. Cameron. THE GLEN INXEB-INVERELL RAILWAY. Before tho Sectional Committee, important o vidunco, was tendered by G lenes Tmiresidcnts. Surveyor Holmes held that, Messrs. Scarr and Price's report, was absolete. As regards the connection with the coast the revised line from Glen lillies to Grafton was the best. Mr. Ut/, read a carefully compiled synopsis of tho figures placed ' before tile Commissioners by -Mr. Cruickshank, M.P., relating to tho trafile in 1880, and compared tho increase that lind, taken líbico between ¡April, ..1801. and November, 1802. He was .not in the least belittling tho claims of tho Guyra, route, lind even admitted Inverell : could,supply most, of its wants by that, line ; but for tho disposal of its surplus wheat, the : Glen.¡lunes rputo was most advantageous. They had a.vast amount there which must find au outlet., He specified the class of .goods, he obtained from Grafton, and quoted the carriage (if each, class, and said that wore tho lino to be constructed he might purchase double the quantity. , ( WRECK OF THE WEI.LINC.TON.-Another wreck has occurred on tho New South Wales const. ;. At the Nambucca Heads tho steamer Wellington, owned by thu North Coast S.N. Company, nearly,a month ago, when coming out of the river, was driven on tho rocks at tho northern side of tile entrance. , The pas- sengers and crew' succeeded in reaching the shore by mcaiisof a rope. In his last letter to tho association Captain John Hall, marine surveyor, who wont to the. stranded vessel . for the purpose of. floating , her. fully ex- plained that shoiild bad Weather from east or.south set in, the steamer, though a par- ticularly strongly-built vessel, must go to pieces. Unfortunately, a south- east " gale occurred on,Saturday, and the Wellington, just as the fa vorable spring tides were at hand and the vessel on the point, of launch- ing, was driven further on thc rocks. All the labor of,tho salvage party was undone in a few. minutes, and the men themselves with difficulty gut ashore. Luckily, the pumps,' hydraulic jacks, and other salvage gear were saved.. , , , ' THE LATÍ: Mn. DUNCAN Snr.-A very old resident of Morpeth, Mr. Duncan Sim, "died on Saturday, niter.a, somewhat lengthened illness, atan advanced age. Mr. Sim was ono of the n mst highly respected citizens of tho Borough, in the affairs of which lui had taken part as alderman and as Mayor for many years! He was, an, earnest promoter of the School of Arts, lin excellent limn of business, a trustworthy tradesman, and 'altogether a, ?worthy, 'member of tho community. He leaves a family all grbwn up. THE WIHTE CROSS.-AU association has been formed in Paris, and is now in full Working order, which will probably be the precursor, of many similar organisations in other great cities all over the world. It has adopted foi'.its.emblem and title The AVhite Cross. ' It opens work-houses in tile best sense of the. word. Destitute men and women are, received and provided with em- ployment such as, enables them tn' earn at least two shillings a day. They are also fur- nished with board and lodging, for which they aro charged one shilling a day : the over plus is carried to a savings fund, and when £2 nave been accumulated, the association finds nu engagement for the niau or woman in some suitable, occupation outside, and his or her savings arc handed over to their owner. FREETHINKERS CONFERENCE.-A numer- ously-attended congress of freethinkers has boon sitting in the Theatre ol' Prince Alfonso, not very fur away from the Plaza Mayor, in Madrid, .where hundreds of "heretics" were put to death by the Inquisition. : The object of the. congress is to procure the abolition of state-aid to tho clergy and, to .substitute se- cular for dogmatic, instruction. Senor Odern de. Buen, Professor to the Faculty of Barce- lona, explained the scientific character of the ' congress, at ¡which a great number of ladies w'ere: present. VERY CHEERY PARTY.-At New Mar Lodge avery cheery party has been gathered together, tho Princess of Wales is an ideal grandmother. She takes great pleasure in tho antics of Lady Alexandra Duff, who is quito a beautiful baby. Everyone rejoices that tho Princess should be able to divert her mind in any. way ? from the overwhelming sorrow which has befallen her. The Princess of Wales, the Duchess of ¡Fife and Princess Maud have been distinguishing themselves rather remarkably lately . by their, fishing exploits, and, although the sport has become very.fusliiunable for ladies, yet,tho accuunts of the wonderful captures at Deeside have done much to - incite) other fair fishers to greater exertions. It appeal's the Queen is much -.'concerned. - nt the great depression caused in London .because of so much mourn-. .lng, and has determined to, do all in her power next year to make the season as bril- liant as possible. : She will herself appear at some of the niost important functions, and as there are: several royal marriages on tho lapin, tho year will, we hope, bo remembered as tho year of "weddings," nob of "funerals." "'BEE STING FOR RHEUMATISM AND ERYSI- PELAS.-.!; ; J. Lawrence writes : my wife is peculiarly subject to erysipelas, and wo have repeatedly checked it by using " apis mel " (boo sting). To procure it wo do not now kill tho bees, but take a wide-mouth bottle, put in it some'sugar, or, what is better, sugar and milk ; take this'bottlo to tho hive and, with- out using any smoke,-shake about a pint of bees into it.. Shake them up well, and they will exudo.their poison which the sugar at once absorbs. .Then let tho boes go and get another pint. When enough has been collec- ted put In ii glass-stoppered bottle and put asido for use. SEE WHAT.'A"-?WELL-KNOWN CITIZEN SAYS AUOUT THEM.- 80 Paddingtoii-street, June 1st. 1880. Messrs E. Row and Co., 43, 15 and 47 George-street North. Gentlemen-1 have been taking your How's Dandelion Bitters, and believe them a most estimable prepara- tion. They help digestion, removing the fulness Unit one fools when the liver is not acting properly. They not only give imme- diate relief, but assuredly build up'the consti- tution. Their curative effects ought to be made known-i am, gentlemen, your humble servant (signed) M. MACDERMOTT.-AUW 