(Copyright.) SUNSHINE AFTER CLOUDS. By an M.D. Author of " Under a Spell," " Victoria Orose Valour," " Science and Sin," f In Love with a Otiost," " Condemned to Death," fee., he. CHAPTER %. "APT C.ESAB act KraLUi * Ajb sooa as t had left the General's house In so abrupt a manner, 1 turned into his stables and ordered the groom to saddle a horse. Whilst he was •» - - - - } e!rtracted from him the route I liad ...... uir route 1 naa to folloiv in order to reaeli St. Bracques. His directions were so clear that I could not possibly miss the road, so, taking down a heavy hunting crop, I seated myself in the saddle and moved impatiently off. The streets seemed more crowded than usual, and hindered me from pushing forward as rapidly as I desired, and I had to thread , » iuu u> thread my ray in and out of the numerous carts and carriages it. a slow walk, varied only occasionally by a sharp rot. At last I reached the liarri/wa f—-j — —./ -j --""p trot. At last I reached the barriers, and found my self on a long straight road where the traffic gradu ally sank to a minimum, and I was enabled to ease, luv excited mind by putting the horse' intc c> 11 lor. isc.irrmi'W.'itio'c ■ gallop. BofftTlWIfbfea 0&vr; lewer and tartl***' between, tall poplar pen their places, Anil 1 began to feel that I was awing ray ; destination. In a spirit of reckless bedevilment, I urged the horse to his topmost speed, and found a temporary r.*lnasc froui carting care in the exhilaration pro duced by rapid motion. As far as I could judge, I was barely a mile from my destination, yet the ride hal made me cast anxiety away, and I only looked ■ forward with joyful expectancy to my rapidly approaching meeting with Ethel. I seemed to have forgotten the disagreeable explanations I should h ice to make, and the vile falsehoods I should have to combat, before she would take me to her heart again, and, above all, I never thought of Julie's horrible insinuation, that she might even now be married. Dut my memory. was destined to have an un pleasant jog before I saw Ethel. As I careered madly aliiug, I observed a horseman coining sharply towards me from the direction of St. Bracques. At first he appeared only a tiny speck at the end of the long, straight road; then the horse and its rider gradually became larger and more distinct until they arrived within 20 yards of ins, when I sud denly reined in, and placed tny animal across the ro td so as to bar the other's passage. "Out of the way, fellow!" exclaimed a voice which made the blood mount to 1115' brain. •• Apparently you do not recognise ine I" I answered. •■Or perhaps you find it more convenient to pretend ignorance I" At the sound of my voice he started violently, ail raised his eyes to mine. He evidently had been t 11 deeply iiiim'rsadin thought to take notice of any obstruction in his way until close upon it. " Why are you travelling in this direction?" he asked, fiercely. -To call upon Miss Brandon," I answered, unable to suppress a gleam of triumph. •■Sli.s will refuse to see you. Julie lias been beforehand, and torn your character into such minute fragments, tliat I should not wonder if the groom las received instructions to drive you off the premises." "1 warn you not to be insolent, Mons. Dubosque. The object of my visit to Miss Brandon is to unmask your real character so thoroughly, tliat even a con victed felon would more readily obtain access to her, tli-in tho Marquis de Oijoniiais, a perjurer, a liar, and a .cheat." V :t-t! My words produced the effectjthcy were intended to. The Marquis gave rent to a furious oath, spurred his horse savagely, and hounded towards tin: with his whip raised, ready to strike me acroa* the face. But I had calculated upon his movements, and a gentle touch 011 the off rein brought my horse loand, and allowed my antagonist to shoot past me, s l iking the empty air as he did so. Then caino my opportunity. A slight application of the spur would have brought me alongside of him before tie could have turned to defend himself, and then my heavy crop would have descended with such crush ing force as to knock him senseless from the saddle. For just one second I gloated like a fiend at having the man who had worked me sucli irreparable mis chief iii ray power; I spurred my liorse, raised the crip, and then lowered it again, without making u :■ of my advantage! This 111111, at one time, had been to me like a brother, and I could not, at the critical moment, bring myself to inflict upon him a disgrace which could only be wiped out in blood. '•I spare you the degradation!" I cried, as X wheeled iiiv horse and once, in ire faced him. 11<> was perfectly cognisant that this manoeuvre had placed hint in my power, for lie politely thanked 111.1 for the. forbearance I had shewn, adding tliat he was all the niore obliged to me, as it would be very unbecoming to appear at the altar on the 111 mow with a cut and discoloured face. Hia last remark was disconcerting, but 1 deter mined to conceal my anxiety. "I presume you liave. repented of your conduct towards Julie!" I exclaimed. "She will m ike a beautiful bride, and 1 therefore wish you every happiness." "1 alluded to my approaching marriage with Miss Brandon," answered the Marquis, calmly. 1 hurst into a loud, defiant laugh. "There's cany a slip 'twixt the cup and the lip," I quoted. -It is a good old English proverb, and I am about to have the pleasure of proving its unerring truth to you. Goo-l day, Mons. de Dijon nais. I must loiter no longer, for I am keeping a lady waiting"' I rode slowly past him, while he sat as immovable as a statue in his saddle. 1 had gone but a very few yards when he called after ina, "Stop, Gerald, I implore you!" 1 slowly turned and once more met liim. " Do you kuow what you are about to do? he asked in an agitated voice. "Certainly," I replied. "No man could know his oiva intentions better." "Voudo not!" he answered, excitedly. "You cannot be aware of all the consequences which will accrue from the step you are about to take. Yoa will be successful in wresting Ethel froni'me, but Ih; moment you do it, she and licr brother will be paupers, for 1 hold every franc of their fortune In iny grasp." "So far, that is nothing very serious, for I am rich enough to replace them in possession of the in iney so skilfully snatched from tliem. If tliat Ik-as all you ha J to tell me, Mons. de Dijonnais, it was hardly worth stopping me for." "There is another consequence which will result In.e your victory," said the. Marquis, solemnly. I " !{nt as it will atl'ect neither Ethel nor you, I need n >i trouble you with n 'litioniug it." "<"<mi-!" 1 replied. "It is Iliadly fair to make j III' ill V !ll< Mllt'lltS in liSD'Uiri^ lO UK'i'tj I s :t!i i iimiii'iitbics."' I •• ». Tim- iml h'll is Mdslcil away froui liUi^L/' j replied the M inputs. in a trembling- voice. "You J nr.-her first lovciy Gerald, and although Julie lias j poisoned her mind against you to such au extent i that she lias consented to wed 111c to-inorrovv, yet I f.-el tliat your appearance to plead your cause in j person will result in my being dismissed with | ignominy. If it. is to be so, it will he only what I deserve, for it is useless to conceal from you that I lave used every artifice, have stoojied to every i degradation, and have devised the most nefarious s:.!i 111 -3 to drive you from her, and win her to myself. When I first, knew you in London, 1 held honour as my mast priceless possession; then I met 1 Ethel, and learned tliat Iier devotion to you was a fatal stumbling block to the passionate love with which she inspired me. My downward path is as well known to you as to me, hut. believe me, Gerald, IJi.it tln-eii 'liout it all, 1 felt for you the affection of a brother, and the bitterest moments of niy life ! hive been those in which you have clasped my hi.it in loyal friendship whilst I was plotting to ruin your dearest hopes." ! "I am sorry for you," I gently said. "But I cannot alter niy determination to seek an interview j with Ethel, for the future of three lives depends upon ir." "The future of two only," IiAstily exclaimed De Dijounnis. "Tut me aside altogether, for I itave phiyeil niy last stake and have lost." After a 111 ''incut's hesitation, he continued, "KevertheleM, i will accompany you back to St. Bracquea and r11 I te ^ 1 be noboT an clornn « tie ctesar I will be nobod> - I will cease to be!" "Bo not let disappointment urge you to anythin: rash"!" I exclaimed, alarmed at his threat, "Sniril is but ft cowardly shirking of responsibility." " You bare mistaken your vocation, Gerald," s.n". Oe Dijonnais, endeavouring to assume an air <• gaiety. "You preato so admirably, tliat your wordi have impressed me with the idea that my carcas' is morevaluable than I thought it. Hence, I &up; pose I ought not to damage it " without the specie permission of It Ion Men! " "It is too serious a subject to joke upon,' ] re plied, somewhat sternly. At this rebuke. Be Dijonnais liccame sileut, rer»i«»>» »iJ" ■— " , Mwnie silent, am I we rode On side by side into the.village of St. . Bracques. At the farther end. he pointed out a large white, stuccoed villa, and hoarsely whispered, "She is there!" My heart la-at fast atIheannounce ment. but it« mil— " •isj.ar.meannounce ment, but its pulses were those of hope, whereas 1 noticed that my companion's face became iuimv haggard, and that an attempt at iiouclialance w» a miserable failure. We rode togctlier to the. gate, and there ths Marquis wrung mx. hmfy »ileti jneiert^irw^fgyg h«pjbfS#away&oin; the house, whilst:r and went quickly up the dm«. llfc ka uoor was barely opened to niy impatient summons, when, away to the right amongst toe trees, I caught a glimpse of a white-robed figure, moving slowly and gracefully along. I could not mistake the lithe and active movements, so familiar to me in the bappv, bygone days. Hastjiy tin-owing the reins to toe maa-serrant, 1 muttered some words to the effect tliat I saw Miss Brandon in the garden, and would make my wav to her unannounced. Then, to the utter destruction of my dignity, and the astonishment of the open uioullied domestic, I started off at a rapid run towards Ethel. The path was veiy narrow and tortuous, and wound with sharp curves amongst tali lam-els, which for the moment concealed her from my longing gaze. The noise 1 made as I crashed through all obstacles arrested her attention, and when 1 saw her again, she was standing still facing me, with an expression of wonderment which changed to one of agitation as she recognised hei visitor. How pale and lovely she looked, as sin stood there, mute and motionless from, as I ho;,.-1. her joyful surprise at seeing me! "1 have found you at last, Ethel, darling!" 1 ex claimed,extending my hand to take h<-rs.pvepnrator; tb giving her a wanner and more, loving greeting Bat she shrank from the contact and hastily recoih a few steps! Then 1 remembered,for tl e jirst tinii.. toe awful calumnies I had to refute I e'ore I couit hope tliat she would even condescend to be on terms of friendship. It also flashed across me that I was addressing a girl on tlie eve of her wedding day, with such a passionate intonation of voice, as to thoroughly justify her action in shrinking ftom nie. " i, have much to explain, many falsehoods' to dis prove," I stammered. "I decline to listen to you!" answered Ethel, curtly. "It is useless; besides it is too late." "Is it useless because you iiave elected to believe the assertions of a girl who is yom lover's decov duck ? " I exclaimed, with irritation. " Her assertions are backed up by your letters to her! And neither Mdlle. de Savigny, nor any other woman, would make me toe recipient <»f such a sad confidence unless it were ^ye. Such being mv opinion, any further conversai.n between us would not only be useless, but painful." "Then I may conclude tliat it is your fixed inten lion to believe, in preference to me, the Marquis d< Dijonnais, who has tricked you out of your fortune, and Mdlle. de Savigny, who was betrothed oulv ;■ short time ago to your future husband, but. who hat resigned her claims upon him in your favour, ir consideration of a sum of two hundred thousand francs ? Come Ethel," I continued, chauging iu< indignant tones to those of persuasion, "giant in, the prisoner's right to plead his own came, and 1 will conclusively prove tliat you and 1 are He. victims of as foul a conspiracy as ever disgraced Ih. name of man. Has It never occurred to you to as) me to account for my mysterious disappeai-anc from London, and'for my equally mysterious re-ap pearance in Paris under toe guardianship of a 111.; 1 known to you as De Dijonnais, but for a long tiim known to me only as Dubosque, president of; revolutionary society? The Marquis told me (ha: to-morrow was fixed for his wedding, but when 1-. ascertained that I was determined to see you, li almost abandoned hope and confessed his villainies He is now awaiting my return to hear his fate, an I have promised to convey to liiin your verdict." Ethel at last granted me a hearing, and I succinct i\ narrated every incident of my life from the momraJ I was forced away from London up to the storms interview with Julie in the General's house; I con cealed nothing from her, and the very frankness o! my confession convinced her of its truth. "P001 Gerald! "she softly exclaimed, as I came to the cue i Of roy recital. " Poor Gerald! How miserable you must have felt at being a prisoner in toe bands" ol such a set of assassins!" j "My misery consisted in being separated from ■ you,-'.I answered, at last gaining possession of hei coveted bands. "But tell me, Ethel, can you be lieve every word of the strange story I have told you?" "I can believe anything you tell me, and I was mad to doubt your honour for an instant. Go quickly, and beg the Marquis to set me free from Uiis distasteful marriage, for I Camiot do violence to my feelings now that I know you are true." "Have no fear as to the success of mv interview ' I replied, gaily. "The Marquis has gained your con sent by fraudulent representations, and if l»e refuses to accede to your request I shall threaten to J publish his conduct towards me in every club ai d cafe in Paris." | "Deal gently with him," pleaded Ethel, "for 1 j fear tliat his great love forme has been toe cause of his unfortunate sacrifice of honour;" * The blow shall be softened by eveiy means in my power, for I give him the credit of being sincere in bis passion for you. He will be now impatient P, expecting me, so before I leave, treat me, Ethel"' as you used to!" I did not await her permission, but took her int. my arms and fondly caressed her. Joy was i rowac Willi supreme happiness as her sweet "lips met mine, and I knew that In tliat kiss she liad meant me to b< assured tliat I was her only love, and iliat he: j reconciliation was perfect. Twilight was deepening into dusk as r slow! retraced my stops through the shrubbery after Kth. j had left, me. For a moment I stood watching he; figure moving towards the house, and thought wit] a thrill of delight tli.it this fail- cmihuv would ;,t last be mine, to be Hie joy and <-om!\\.n :l );tV which had been so sorely tried. m thj.; h,\\-, ri'vcrir I \v;is armist'tl l>y tin* sharp crackling- ol some d*\ui ion-ves, and flu* inwt inst.-irif fit.* '•ves of I>o \v;*ro j^'cring info miiio uiU a wild glare which bctokeued incipient ins^nit v "I have heard all, and seen ail!" he exclaimed, in a voice so unlike his own, tliat, had I not been able to recognise bis face, I should never hav; imagined it to be his. "Then you have lightened my task," I answered, kindly. "Or course, 1 should he a h\ -poerite tr 1 pretend to be sony at the turn events have taken, but, believe me, I sympathise with you dieply." "Do not offer"wliat 1 do not ask for! I imagined , I could meet, you calmly when you came to give nu my sentence of death, and so I should have done, had I not impatiently followed you, and witnessed the tender caresses which passed between you. Tliat sight drove aivay my philosophy, and aroused \ all the evil fiends who have taken jwsse.ssii'm of mv heart. \\\ lien I felt liu-ir presence I made a compact j with litem tliat they should have my soul, if t hI V | would aid me in killing every man who shculd dare to look upon Ethel with eyes of lnve. Tel! j ine that you will surrender her, or, bv Heaven 1 -vill " " ' "What madness are you contemplating ?I asked, eyeing hint as narrowly as the darkness would permit, for a conviction began to take possession of me tliat the man had either been driitkiiig heavily during my absence, or that the cer'a' -ity of his losing the girl he so passionately worshipped had temporarily unsettled his reason. "Do you call it madness ?" he asked, with a dis cordant lau^'i. "I c«ll it the acme of sober-minded reason to send the long train of suitors, one by one, to ■where they can never interfere wit!) ma again." "^our cold-blooded, jeering vav of talking is horrible!" I exclaimed. "For goodiicss palvedo not put such fearful emphasis on vour words, or you I will make me think you are in"earnest." i "I am in earnest!" lie answered, so slowly and j deliberately that 1 could not mistake his meaning. As he spoke, I detected a slight click, the ominous sound of wlbich could be Imitated only by the cork ing of a revolver!" "Do not let us have any playing with dangerous weapons," I said sternly. " Tut your revolver down, and consent to discuss the matter quietly." "Will you answer my questions?" replied the Marquis. "Certainly. As many as you like." "Do you love Ethel Urandon ? " 6'Of course 1 do, 1 answered sharply. *Is it your intention to marry her?" "Vou know it is, as well as I do myself." " Then you must be removed!" A little flash of flame, a cracking report, and a Ainging, burning pain in my side was ail that I remembered, for my senses deserted me and 1 fell iwone to the ground. An hour elapsed before con sciousness returned, and I then found myself lying standing by my side" Pending over me Seated fa' "—-i with a confusa recollection of lus wihlmanner and his treacherouiefliOt. . . . "He galloped off directly he had tried to murder you, "answered Ethel, tearfully. "We rushed out of the house at the first sound of firing, for I knew at once what it meant, but the Marquis had already gone, leaving you lying senseless on the ground." The surgeon stepped forward and cheerfully assured me that I had nothing to fear from un wound, for it was merely skin deep, and the most I should suffer would be the inconvenience of keep ing quiet for a few days. He added, with a furl i\ e glance at Ethel, that 1 was in very good hands, and was sure to make a rapid recovery. How can I describe the intoxicating happiness of the next week? Confined to the house, with Ethel as my companion, the hours flew lty w" h amazing rapidity, and the end of each found me more and more rapturously in love. A sharp pang of grief startled me suddenly from this Elysium. I took up the paper one morning, and chance directed my attention to a paragraph leaded ".Sad death of i nobleman." The nobleuiau was the Marquis de Dijoiinais, and the Parisian journal minutely described his untimely end, summing up its account by hinting that it looked, more like a case of suicide than of death by misadventure. Careless handling of a revolver, amounting almost to criminal recklessness, brought about the catastrophe, according to the statement of his friend in whose rooms the sad event took place. Hie writer of the paragraph was not far beside the mark, for both Ethel and I knew that this misguided man, great in his passionate love and great in his lapse from honour, had voluntarily chosen death rather tlian survive the wreck of his hopes, andtheteirihl.' degradation of his once upright charactei. He '' was much in hini to love, as veil as much to de spise, yet when I recalled the days of our constant companionship, and his sincere efforts to make uiy i position as pleasant as possible, 1 forgot all bis faults, reganh-d his attempt on my life* as due to temporary insanity, and mourned sincerely for Ids sad and premature end. In what was probably 1he last act of his life, he slill evinced his overjtower ing devotion to Ethel. His will, which was dated on the day of his death, gave her the possession of all his real and personal property, which was of considerable value. To Julie de fiavigny he also left a large sum, sufficient to place, her above . dependence on her uncle; an<l tints, having done an act of justice, he finished his mortal career by juicide! The atmosphere of I'aris iiocame very depressing after all these sad events, and Ethel quite agreed with me that " Home, ?et heme was the, best place in which to recruit our despondent spa fits. For myself, 1 was terribly anxious to reach London, - so as to take the earliest opportunity of getting the odious sentence of madness passed upon me, reversed, for until that had taken place I was a nonentity »nd not fit to repeat the solemn marriage vow. 'Hi" day after poor De Dijonnais' funeral, which Jack and 1 made a point of attending, we landed at Dover and hurried by express to the Metropolis, where the llrandons took apartments, whilst 1 went to liavswater to present myself to my uncle, whom I had apprised by telegram of my approaching arrival. His astonishment at my re-apj>oaranee was overwhelming, and his surprise at my perfect sanity was ludicrous 1 He positively acted as if 1 liad bo right whatever to sound sense and reason, and when I hinted that my chief object in coming to England was to assume the control of my property he began to bluster aud to give bis opinion tbat, if the Lord Chancellor was so' weak as to accede to my request, I should not have a penny piece remaining at die end of a year! I laughed at him heartily, rallied him on wishing to keep me under his tutelage, and finally got an invitation to take up my abode at Ida house wl.ii^ I accepted with pleasure, (To be coAturued.) , Isstkuctor • " What does Gondillac say about brutes in the scale of being?" Student; "He says a brute is an imperfect man." Instructor : " And what is man ?" Student: " Man is a perfect brute." " I en ay, my frien'. cau you (iiic) tell me where the other side of the street, is?" "Certainly; just across the way; why do you ask?" "Why (hie) because a minute ago I asked another feller the same thing, and (hie) he said this was the other side of the Street." Together, they were looking over the paper. "Oh inj, how funny'." she said. "What is it?" he asked. " Why, herc'sanadvertisement that says,4 no reasonable offer refused."" "What's so odd about that ?'" '• Nothing, nothing," she replied, trying to blush, "only those are exactly my sentiments." If that young man hadn't taken the hint and proposed then and there she. would have hated him. Is a certain clergyman's family the conversation turned upon the character of the baby—why he was so naughty. The brother, who had reached the age of 12, and was studying the steam engine in the interval of catechism,gave vent to his authority in the j following suggestive reply: "Papa, as we all inherit i the sin of Adam, and the*baby is such a little fellow, is there not a greater pressure of sin to the square inch on the baby than on the rest of us ?' 1 "Bf. patient* Do not. fret and fume over the troubles of t his life. I don't think a mosquito is a very agreeable cotujtunum. but 1 should mil want tor a friend a man who would run around ail d.'rt to gel rid of a mosquito. We are all soldiers oil the niareti to virtory, ami it is a shame for im-n to taut through all the moods and tetmes of disr oiilent ami In- for oii r leiuoa.-liiiur <iod I llieir lot i- liarder than iii&t; ui some 01 their tehows. - ih'ifTi/ Hard 1 Jfcerfttr. Tub majority of fellows who attempt to make fun of a mother-in-law were never blest with one. Makv years ago, at a dinner party in Glasgow, there was present an advocate of rather sharp practice, fond of giving toasts and sentiments. After the cloth was removed and the bottle had gone round once or twice, the ladies withdrew to the lighter pleasures of the drawing-room -all bat one very plain old maid. She remained behind, and as the conversation began to get a little masculine, our friend of the "long robe " was anxious to get rid of the " ancient," and for the purpose rather prema turely asked Thrmnbs the privilege of giving a toast. This being granted, he rose and gave the old toast of " Hoisest. men and bonnie lasses.'' The toast was drunk with all the honours, when the dame, who was sitting next, to the lawyer, rose from her seat, gave the lawyer a poke in the ribs with the end of Tier finger, and having said. " Mr. . that iw-t neither applies to you nor me." left the room. Some soldiers who were quartered village, when they met at the roll-call, oue another what, kind of quarters tl One of them said he had got very < the strangest landlady e.verj him off. His comradeM&S; him, and would take her Off and offering to shake bands with IicI^m" ...... ... you, Elsp&ttliat; nt. her unmetT * •• hided. sir?" ^ t> me ; 1 ilimvi ki-nvou." "^Dear hlspa, do ye no ken toe? 1. am the devil's Bisters son. " Dear save us," quoth she, looking htni broadly in the faoa, " Qh, man, but ye're like your 