SPORTING NOTES E/JldM ' QUEENSLAND.; (niOK oto oww coaazarotiitrnvA Brisbaicb,, Sunday. Tatters.-.ll's itacM. The opening of tbo Brisbane TattersalTs Spring Meeting at Eaglo Farm yeutorday afternoon was attended by abou.1; .4000 persons, and the affair passed off withouit -tbo slightest hitch, under tho ablo management of Mr. Jaraea Byrne aud hia staff of a Bsiatanta. It waa a Quoonslaud sumraor's da.y in tho truest senso, and that is enough to indicate how owuit.uLiuijij' uub Xb nad , UUb D.eAGUer LUO UOaC nor the duat was aufiioiant toikftep the peoplo away from their favorite spor/j , nor waa it re garded as in any v;ay dotriimontal to tho interosU of the meeting. Tbeiro was only ono circumstance in connootion ?ivith tho fixturo which called for an oxpresauj a of rogrot, and that was that the oommittee ivho manage tho aifairs of tbe Brisbauo Tattcroalls had doemod it noaossary to make a voi.-;/ largo reduction in ths value of the progrs.rnrao as comparod with the prize3 last yoar. 'This, however, did not probably spoil any o£ (,ho interoBt in tho meotiug, and tho comparatively poor field I whioh contested tho prinj^i^iai event was tho result of a scaraicy of fi.iir handicap horses here at tho present Itiino rather than of a mercenary feoling on. the part of horse ownora, or dissatisfaction at tho lista of weights turned out by too haudioapper. Tho oourse was dry and hard , too much no, but although noarly all the. races wore truly run, and' well contested from. -md to end, the times were nnoooonntably slow, and it must bo that tho best of the horsoa loft to us now oxo along way below par in point, of quality. It goos without saying that thero wob a wonderful improvement iu the starting, for tho rogular official, Mr. G, M. Kirk, waa nt his post again, aud although he cannot got about qaito as spry a8 he (lifl formerly, ho got his iiolds away iu good, or'ior, and ehuwed that he bad lost none of his, popularity with the boys ov.riug his ouforood ubsonoo. The Nowman Eohliu totalisator machines wero worked at tho mooting, and as jac/re than £3000 was put through daring thn day, it may bo reasonable to Kupposo that inraf/tors woro satisfied with ita management. Rowing began with tho Bulhnba Hurdle Eaoo, tho. distance of whioh waa two miles, and of tho ton starters the only horaos backed wero Dyipyrrhus, Becho-do-mer, and Criterion, who vfore fanoied in tho ordor written, but how nnyona could look beyond tho horse who eventually won scoma to mo a bit of a myBtory, for Boche-do-mor no Eock hampton way was looked upon na Bomotbing of a wondor, and came horo with a reputation of boing good onough to bold his own in Cup company. H«i flid not quite uphold that ropa tation, but hi) showed a lot o£ pnco amongst good horsoa, smd at his weight, lOstSlb it wnu ouly a matte- of gotting aatoly ovor tho ntieks to onsure Mm an oany victory. As things turned out, ho proved himself a born jumper for ho olearad. his fences 03 well aa anything in tho raco, and kooping always protty cloao to tbe loadf.-r. he wouc to tlio front half a milo from homci, ^nd boat Critorion by only a fow lengths, the lattor boing cleverly handled by Mick Quirk, but notbeingquito fostcnou»hto paoo it with Booho. Kingsloy was lcadinAialf a, milo from homo, but ho shirked it and ran off, whilo tbo favorite, Dypyrrhun, never oaoo ohowed prominontlv. and whilo it took *;ho winnor long onoagh to run tho ?. distrince — 4mm 1 l-5seo, ho waa pro bubly 15seo Blower, and that is not his truo form. Tbo Toowoomba party, comnriaincr Messrs. Con, Warry, and Fred Taylor and company, wont bald-hoaded for the Phil Athol — Princoss oolt Common for the Jordan Hau diottp, i.'or which eaoh of tho nine youngsters named on tbo card went to tha post, and so strong Tvoro thoy that at tbo oloso 5 to 4 was tho b«lat offor, and very little was to bo got oven at that. Tho next beat waa Caprinto at 4's, S'O that you may imagine what a good thing Hurry \TMsh was supposed to bavo aorved up for his etublo supporters. But tho good thin? r/aan't a good thing at alias events ' wont. Tbo shot bird wu3 novor in it, and aftor Capriste and Ooooe had had a ficht for tho bigc;eat slice of tho 50 sovo, Mr. Jim Ncabit's littlfl Trenton colt Tront camo with a, wot Bail from the home tnrn, and rnnning straight np the-middlo of tbo track, won easily from Coooo iu the remarkably Blow timo of limn 20 2-5soo. How the youngstora took all that timo to negotiate throo-qnartora it is hard to Bay, bocanso at least five of too nine -who started can bo backed at any time to break twenty with thoir ohooa on. Clinker and Syrian were the lato withdrawals from tho Onp list, and this loft a fiold of nine. Tho result was as follows :— llr. H. A. 'Walsh na b t Henuih, by Grand f Knnonr— trtopla,3/ra,7ot31b(F. a»Uoy) 1 Mr, H. Llnnoll ns b g Advanoo, by Waterloo— — Zonla.Sjrrs, 6rt 111b (Cannon)... ._ „ a Mr. W. FJjnn'l b o Tallatira. by 'WluataMit— For aomo atrmjjjo reason tho infatuated ad mirers of tho film* established favorite, Babol. stuok to him righfc up to tho last niomont, and thia in tho fane of the evidonco supplied by thoir own oyoi: tbnt tho horso -waa lamo. After bointr heavily biwkod for both tho Cup and tho doable, .'Babel went lame in a gallop on Thursday last., and as it was thought then that ho would not start, hia prioe longthonod a bit, but hia owner evidently could not bu liovo tiiat the'ro was muoh wrong with him, for ho declined I io allow him to bo knocked oat, andhismonr/y going on, mado tho sUKpicioaa unHophisticp ited laugh at tho roporU of tbo horsa'a mis! lap. But tho laugh was not thoro when tho raoo waa run. In hia condition it waa notJ ling short of lunacy to allow tho horso to ni art, for ho bad not tho gho3t of a chance of winning, and it was Bimply risking lod for 41 io first mile/but aftor that ho cracked up, and finished noarly List, as any ono with a crain of /Bonso might havo oxpootcd ho would. Miller's, pair, Orichton and Tho Wandering Jow, v/ ere both woll backed at remunerative prices, but although Tho Jow at one time lookori 'tohavo » first-rate chance, ho could not run iri out, and Criohton is, after all, iho arrarif; coward that many, including bin trainor, havo reported him to bo all along. On fcl ib traok this good-looking fellow nhowa all 'tho qualities of a first-class racehorse wtva'a galloping by himsolf, but put him with anothor horse, or start him in a raoe, and ho oaini no more gallop than fiy. - Why this ahonld bo so no one oan aay, but the chances aro that wrranhisbaokora havo turned him up asa bad 9p so., ho will some day 8.1 tor his mind, and win a f ;- lod race and pay abig cliv ; that is what his sort /generally do. An ontaidornamodlungsworth ?b nrprisod evorybody by making tho paoo with '.The Jew right to tho homo turn, but hero Advance, who had been bounding in the air, moved to the front, and looked to havo tlio raoe won. He reckoned -without Momah , how I over, for tho littlo maro oollared him half-way up the running, and bad no difflcnlty in shak ing him off when he tried to paoo it with her. Talkative, who had ' no ehow at all,' wrb third, and all tho fancied onos, including La . Grange, anywhore or nowhere in the rnck behind. 'Twas ever thus with racing. The 12 furlongs wero rnn in 2min 39 2-5sco, which waB not bad. A baiter's dozen left tho pad dook for the Fairfield Haudioap, 7 furlongs, and Chnfcor waB the bost backed of tho lot. He had the misfortune, uowovor, to cet badly away, nnd tho noxt iu demand (Clytho) keep ing m front all tho way, just Bqneezod homo by a short hood from Qnoan Olive, who had a bad run, and was going two strides to Clythe's ono at tho finish. Niobo won tbo Soiling Eaco, 6 furlongs, from Brown and Eono, in lmin 173eo, and a rank outsider in tho Ipswich mare Minster Bollo came to the rescue of tho booka in tho last race' of tho day, tho City Handicap, 9 fnrlongs, boating Clinkor by nearly a length, nnd returning to tho lucky investors a dividend of j818 11*. Tho Sydney bookmakers. Joo Abrahams and Abe Barrington, wero calling tho odds in tbo paddock, and tho good effect of thoir visit was that thoy put some life into tho local men, and forced them to lay fairer prices than thoy usually do. -It was rathor laughable to hear them ntretoh the odds whenever Joe AbrahamB opened ont a point. Turf Item.. The committeo of the Queensland Turf Olub refuaed, by a majority of one, on Friday last to remove the disqualification or suspen sion of the jookeys F. Smith, M'Cabe, and M. Walsh, who weco oarpeted for throo months for having tho impertineuoe to try to do their best to got away ill tho Hopeful Stakes at the recent Q.T.C. Spring Mooting. Wo aro going to have the usual clashing of raoing fixtures during tho Christmas holidaya. On the 2Bth and 27th thoro will be mootings at Ipswioh, Toowoomba, and Gympie, to cay nothing of tho Northern clabs, and tho Oreekers have come into the field with a two days' programme. Tho Hopaful Stakes winner, Eooovory, has boon thrown out of work, and his owner in tends to give him a spell until the fall of tho season. Daniel Trihoy, Esq., oamo back by tho Lenra on Monday lout, bringing with him the little brown borso Ascot, who has a pair of fetlocks as big as watermelons. On tbe eame day poor old Buttons, looking the ghost of his formor self, rotnrned to the soene of his early 'victories. Both horaes aro staying at Carter and Fonwiok'a Btables, and aro in the market for sale. The Vespasian or Darriwell colt, V.D.I., diod at Ipswioh last vfeak from internal in juries which ho was suppoaod to have sus tained at tho Q.T.C. Spring Meeting at Eagle Farm. Muriaka, by Mozart— Ailaio, haa (riven birth to a fino oolt foal, aa a token of her aifeotions for tho littlo Musket horso Ener. It is roportod by a Bo.-.udosort oorrespon dont that Mr. Thomas Brayford has again ac cepted tho position of hon. soorotary to tho Logan and Albort Jookoy Clnb, aud under his management it ia to be hoped that racing on tho Logon will rovivo. The club has souured a fino site for a racecourso, quite closo to the towuohip, and this will overoomo one of tho greatest didiculties the olub has had to con tend aguinst ia. tuo past. Aquatics. Eeferring to tho Commorcial E.C. four-oar crew, a writnr in tbo Queishslandeb Bays, that oinco tbo formation of tbo crow they havo nevor 'oeon beaten, and bavo won four four-oarod rivcea. Brnost Winter is ono of tho bost all-rouad athletes in Quoonsland, and has won nino champion races. M'Dowoll haa won four champion raoo.i, Williams 'three, and Ctirmicbaol two, benidos numerous othor races WilliamB and Carmich.T.ol aro pupils of Winter, and M'Dowoll hails from Maryborough, whoro ] ho is a groat frrorite. Cyollnc. Tho socond road race of tho Ipswich Cyoling Club waa run yesterday wook, tho oourr.a boiujf from Bodbank Eailway Station to the Huoio Wo.rohouuo in Ipswioh, a distance of about sovoa miles. Thoro woro thirteen etartort, and tho Grat prize, u gold n?odal, waa won by W. EobinE,on, Smin 15aoo, and C. Stevonaon, Smin, waa socond. E. Saudomr.n, who started from Bor&teh;, -was fourth, and ho mads the f oateat time (24mln 30aoo) , and thus secured the silver oup, ureaontod by H. A. Smith, the amatoor champion. 