NOVELETTES BY LEADING NOVELISTS. Alt, Eights Kehkkvkd. WOOING AN AMAZON. BY FREDERICK BOYLE. CHAl'TEK III. If Professor Alnofurlftne looked for warm expressions of gratitude on returning to the study — as, in mull, was his right — he found disappointment. The bewilderment aud agi- tation of the seene, which she very vaguely understood, iiad proved too much for Laura's shattered nerves — begging Jenny to thank the Professor, she hurried out. Sir William also was discomposed, evidently impatientto he rid of his visitors. It is a terrible thing for a man of that character to see the hopes and projects of a lifetime finally destroyed. Though he lmd uot hesitated one moment in surrendering them, when Laura confessed her troubles — Mr. Hughe. urging both, with stupid, kindly vehemence — the enthu siast feit he had nothing more to live for. And lie could not force himself to be thank ful towards the man who had wrought this disaster. Jenny was grateful indeed, and she said so very prettily, l'ut a woman's sense of obligation is always qualified — at least, the expression of it must be constrained — when 6he knows what payment her benefactor hopes. Moreover, Jenny was anxious to fol low Laura. She felt, as she said to herself, something of a lover's interest in this sweet girl whose power of brain was equal pro bably to that of the greatest men living — whose body was more feeble than a child's. Thus it happened that in 10 minutes the three gentlemen were walking back, Mr. Hughes having carried oil their phaeton. Two at least felt that the triumph had " fizzled " somehow. Sweyn had been cherishing the assurance that all would go well forthwith if Laura were relieved oflier anxieties — relieved she was, but the prospect looked worse than ever. Maefarlane had not such grave trouble. But Jenny's air was by no means what lie would havo liked, and she did uot propose returning home that day. Ho they spent the evening alone, and the Professor talked — not better than usual, probably, but in a way to astonish and delight General liracebridge. This was the son-in-law he would have chosen lmd it been left to him ! They spoke freely after il inner, aud let Muci'urlane understand that Jenny would be hard to win. I recognised that," he said, smiling, "on the first glance— at least, i recognised the character, though I could not. suppose it would have such special interest for me. Miss liracebridge, to bu quite frank, belongs to the rare class of women who revolt against, direction of any kind, much more against a proposal to surrender their independence. If they be allowed time to reflect, their instinct will always incline them to say 'no,' though feeling limy silence it, if strong enough. Such overpowering emo tion " I cannot expect to rouse in your daughter, General. My hope was to gain her friendship, liking and, I venture io trust, respect. Then favored by circum stances — not quite accidental, perhaps," lie laughed — " I should have taken her by sur prise, and secured my answer before she had time io think. Unfortunately, Miss lirace bridge lias been warned." " l'ou deserve to win her," cried the General, admiringly. " Why, Sweyn, this learned man understands Jenny's disposition better after a few hours' study than f who have known her all my life I I will liattc your judgment by a violation of confidence, Mr. Maefarlane. When I, unluckily, read your note aloud — iu my bewilderment, you know, for I laid heard nothing of the facts — my sou and I both agreed that Jenny was not indisposed towards you, so far us it went — so far us it went I But then, she shut herself up all day, whilst I was paying you a visit, and on my return — i uui sorry to say so, but sucli a strategist ought to be in formed — she desired me to write at once and tell you it was out of tho question. Eesult of reflection, as you say." 'Ha! Very unfortunate, but my fault. I took it for granted that you knew the story. Well — 1 never saw the woman before in all ray life whom I felt any wish to marry. At my years, General, a man must put his wils into his courtship, seeing lie lias not the sympathy of youth to help him." " You do yourself injustice," 'the General began — and so lie did. A man is as old as lie feels, or as young, and Professor Maefarlane, at forty-three, was more vivacious of mind and body than nine in ten of tlio under graduates who followed his lectures. But we need not pursue their courteous discus sion. He did not return for some weeks, partly because the examination occupied his time. Sweyn had taken up his residence in Lon don, the General's solicitors giving him a stool ill their otiiee, there to leum the prac tice of law beforo studying the theory in chambers. He worked hard to distract liis thoughts, and rarely went home — never, as time wont on, to Cliesham. for Jenny was obliged to tell him that his visits had a bad ctl'ect. it was not that Laura disliked tliom . — quite the contrary. The poor girl hardly concealed her love, though Sweyn had not ventured to speak openly again. But she was ill, uot only with disorders, such as treatment can euro — perhaps — but more OS' peeially with nervous troubles beyond the grasp of science. The state of tilings seemed hopeless for both lovers, but for Muefarlune in particular, because lie had not yet begun his wooing when these obstacles interposed. Assistance came from a very unexpected quarter. After that, disastrous effort to assert himself, Mr. Hughes could no longer resist thu pres sure from all quarters, lie resigned his ofiiee.'iind then, having 110 family, drifted, as it were, to Hie house of his old schoolfellow and life-loug friend. Sir William was glad to receive him for nil indefinite stay. It. might have been expected that Mr. Hughes would cherish ill-will towards the mail who had upset his scheme of life, though innocently. But such was not his feeling. Ho conceived a great admiration for .Professor Maefarlane, which Laura shared. Ho, briefly, it came about that one morning, when the examination had long been over, and the Senior Examiner was at bis wits' end to devise a means for renewing intercourse with Jenny, lie received an in vitation to spend a few days at Cheslr.nu. Tho visit proved a great success, even in tiie quarter where ho was most anxious to succeed. Jenny had been so very dull that she could scarcely resist the longing to desert her post. Laura did not improve — or very, very slowly. Long since the time pro posed for Ibis visit to England hud reached an end. She had actually no onu to ride Willi even, if the General was engaged, or the weather threatened his rheumatics. To her grout, surprise she discovered that a lieiriti'd iirnfessnr nmv be a fair horseman — or indeed something more than fair. Not only did Maefarlaiio ride with her ; he even persuaded Laura to mount a very quiet pony sometimes, to the great, advantage of her health. For tiiis achievement Jenny was particularly grateful. It favored plans she Iiad long entertained, with very little hope of carrying them through. A less clear-sighted lover might have fancied lie was making rapid progress, but Macfarlatie would not allow himself to lie deceived. The voting lady liked him ut first ; she liked liim better now ; but she lmd never thought of marriage, and a proposal would be llally, linally negatived. Sir Wiliiam fatten found this visitor so much to his taste that, lie begged liim to come down from Saturday to Monday for the rest of his existence! And Muefiirlaiie did so frequently during t lie summer term. Tims Mr. Hughes hud an opportunity to observe the relations of those two, and— being sharp enough on such ground — -lie soon understood them. Otto day, sitting alone with Jenny, after tlio frofessor hud just left, lie said, abruptly, " if I had u daughter, Miss liracebridge, I should foul it a great relief to entrust her to that young mail." " if you were a fattier, Mr. Hughes, J hope you would be a more loving parent." " You mean more selfish. Thu most loving tiling a parent can do towards his daughter is to put her iu I lie way of a good husband. That's a very old-fushioned idea, but it's not in this house that any reasoning creature would uphold I lie new fashion. A happy mess our friend fatten has made with it ! Well, now, Miss liracebridge, being a child less widower, I regard all good girls as liiv daughters, and you — permit me to say so — in particular. Our acquaintance began under must unfavorable circumstances. 1 " .Jenny interrupted smilingly. That sub ject had never been mentioned before nor hinted at by Mr. Hughes since tiie day of his discomfiture. " I have forgotten all t lie unfavorable cir cumstances long ago. Xhero is no danger that you will make a new set at this stage of our acquaintance, I hope?" " No, my dear ; because you will not talco offence at an old man who has no purpose in speaking beyond an anxious wish to secure your happiness. Gome now, Jenny, you be lieve that? I have a very deep regard and respect for you. I have a great regard and respect also for Professor Maefarlane. Ho has said not one word of li's feeling for you, but it is manifest. I'leaso don't go 1" He rose at the sumo time. "If you toll md you are determined never to marry, I nay no more ; because you have not arrived at that conclusion without thought, 1 am sure, and I could not hope " Jenny heard no further. The General's uuforgotten speech recurred to her mind, ex pressing the same notion, as she fancied, with tiie greater freedom of a parent.. " If Jenny, being I, lie sensible girl she is, lias re solved not to .marry, doubtless she lias a good reason." Indignation made her over look the thousand subterfuges by which a woman can escape, if she choose, even to answer sueli questioning. Flushing hotly, Jenny gave a reasoned explanation, though in brief, passionate form. " How could 1 live at Oxford among learned men and silly women, with whom 1 have not one thought to exchange?" " Oil, just let me tell Maefarlane that, my dear I I'm certain lie — " But Jenny was gone, raging at herself. Hughes considered awhile, withdrew to his owii room, wrote a letter and posted it himself ; a wary and prudent course, for had Jenny seen the ad dress in that handwriting assuredly it would never have reached Oamfnvd and events would have turned out otherwise. Maefarlane read tho letter with amaze ment. "To think," lie muttered, " that T have overlooked a consideration so obvious, which a dear old imbecile like this can per ceive !" — for Mr. Hughes had loyully omitted all reference to Jenny, putting tho explana tion forward as an idea of his own. The Professor did not do himself justice. He lni l not exactly overlooked the weariness and antipathy of all sorts which a girl like this would suffer in a life among dons and their womankind. He had never thought of Jenny leading such an existence. It would bu her right to choose their future course. Seeing she did not understand this — and no wonder — Maefarlane set himself to medi tate, as his judicious practice was ; but. with no particular result. It is much, however, to bo aware of an objection or a ditliculty iu oue's path. About this time Sweyn paid him a visit, of several days and they had long talks. The voting fellow pined in t he Hummer weather for his native velds, us lie called it, and gave descriptions of life in South Africa of which Maefarlane never seemed to tire. The fact is that he was looking for hints to be embodied — aftur verification, in an audacious little work, already begun, which should upset the current theory upon ho stages of civilisation. 1 need not say any more about u book winch has not yet appeared, nor ever will, probably. Those acquainted witli the subject will uu- ders.tand. But Sweyn supposed it was an un developed passion for veldt life which causetl his host to listen so patiently. " Why," lie said one day as they reclined in a punt oil (Hen ill, "you ought to come over to us. Professors are in demand at Cape town. Or, by Jove ! Hcauvil, a real old Boer, who has the next farm to ours, wants to sell it. i say, that might be a good speculation for you iu another point of view. Tho homestead is not two miles from ours." Miicfnrluiie repressed an exclamation. " The Capetown professorship would bo more in my line, thank you," lie laughed. " But I should like o sue Mr. Bcuuvil, if he is a real old-fasiiioned Boer." " I warrant him genuine. But it was Ben- zada, of Colemnn-street, who wrote to Jenny about it last week. 1 wanted to buy at the price, if only as a speculation — for it's awfully cheap. We know every acre of the land. But Jenny won't hoar of it. The pluckiest of women are timid when it comes to speculating, aren't they i " " That, s one of their merits. Shall we got back to lunch ? " The subject dropped. But two hours after Macfarlane's solicitor received a telegram, and before Messrs. Benzada closed their oliiee in Coleman-street that gentleman | called with a view to purchase the Beauvil farm. A few days later it was his, but immediately transferred to Eugene Maefar lane. Thus only these two knew the secret, Maefarlane had 110 distinct plan of opera tion, though the "general idea," aa strate gists say, was obvious. Jenny could not profess to fear incompatibility of associa tions when he was her neighbor on the veldt. At his next visit to Cliesham, however, ho found a certain cxcitementreigning. Quiet, rest, above all exercise, had begun to tell on Laura. She herself was conscious of a change, and others perceived it in her manner, though as yet there were few out ward signs. Upon this assurance Jenny brought forward a scheme long and impa tiently kept back. She proposed to take Laura io South Africa there to remain until her health was quite restored. Characteristi cally, however, in all her meditations she had never thought of les convenances, Sir William quite approved in the abstract, but, of course, he pronounced it flatly impossible for two unmarried girls to go out alone and dwell alone in the wilderness. Even Sweyn would not be there, though that was a ques tionable disadvantage. Sir William reviewed the elderly ladies among his kinsfolk who might be persuaded to act as chaperon. But Jenny rejected them all with horror. Maefarlane found them at this deadlock and released them in three minutes. Why should not .Sir William go, and Mr. Hughes also, if he fancied the journey I He did, and so, in due time, did Sir William. Jenny made no opposition. She warned them it would be hot, and that luxuries must not be expected, but the objection was so faint that nobody heeded. There was much delay, however. When such travellers start for a long voyage many things have to be settled at home, many things to be purchased, and many arrangements made. To find servants alone is n task of the utmost gravity. But Jenny had. everything in charge, and she worked wonders. Mncfurianc perceived that lie hud no time to lose. With expressions of deep regret and disappointment, he an nounced that it would not be possible for him to see them off. An old-standing en gagement to spend the long vacation with ;i i'rieml abroad — so he put it vaguely — com pelled him to say good-by. Mr. Hughes was puzzled ; so was Laura ; so was Jenny, perhaps, though she would not have admitted it. But next day he left, with an air of light indifference more puzzling still, even a littlu disconcerting to the young lady. A week afterwards, Maefarlane sailed for the Gape, followed two months later by the party. Sweyn waj loft behind, but lie lmd some consolation. Laura received him now,, and long since, without the formulity of a second proposal, he was accepted — with Sir Wil liam's consent. Upon tho young lady's return, robust as a milkmaid, and lovely as Diane ehussoresse, he hoped, they were to be married. Those two months were delightfully busy with Maefurlune, who wished to have his farm in working order, or neat at least, before Jenny saw it again. It cost money. He took over two English shepherds — Scotch are loo dogmatic to get ou fast under new conditions — aud he engaged a manager of experience iu Capetown. Kailirs and Hot tentots remained upon the land. Stock also he bought in nuflieient numbers to make a beginning, and he furnished the homestead comfortably.- It may be believed that time passed quickly. J lis agent at Capetown forwarded the telegraphic list of passengers by every mail, before the names expected were found therein, Beauvil's farm had quite au old- established sort of air. Laura picked up strength, and above all, spirits, hour by hour, on the voyage. The old gentlemen also found themselves bene fited. The sea was smooih, the servants attentive, Sir William had his private library and an ecclesiastical dignitary of learning sullicient to discourse with. They felt the heat a good deal, but that must be expected, running down the West ('oast of Africa. One day Sir William observed casually, that he would dud tho cool, breezy climate of the Capo particularly delightful after this ex perience I Jenny felt a foreboding thrill. I litiifl'erent herself to heat as to cold — by comparison, that is — she had scarcely thought how lliLse sedentary old men would sutler in l Ik: blaze df a South African autumn. They kept up their spirits, however, even at Capetown — all would be well on the veldt up country. Tho ecclesiastical dignitary and his hv.ly pressed them to stay, but iu vain. Laura regained strength by leaps and bounds. F.he loved tho heat. Sir William heard her singing, positively, sometimes. Tlio weary movements, the linos upon her forehead, tho stooping walk — all had gone. For tlio first time now he understood, by this contrast, what liis child must have suffered under a training she had not strength to bear. And his eratidiide to Jenny was proportionate. That feeling enabled hiin to endure without I reproach the very serious discomforts to which he wassubjcct. Air. Uughcs also per spired iu silence. Tlicy left Capetown by railway at night, but the air was as sultry as noontide and full of dust. Reaching Camford before dawn the hapless veterans got a few hours1 sleep at thu hotel, but the sun fairly burnt them out of their beds by 8 o'clock, and then the flics devoured them. At this point a drag sent on Horn Capetown was waiting, "carts " for the servants and a waggon for the impedimenta. Gloomily after breakfast Sir William took his seat. He said nothing yet, but all perceived that the expedition was a sad mistake. Till noon they rolled over the eternal veldt in breakneck fashion, travelling in a shroud of dust, dissolved in per spiration, a prey to flies, tossed up and down, or sloping at an angle that threatened upset, holding on to the sLanchions of the awning for life. The road wits a track of wheels. In vain (lid Jenny urge the slnlwart " leader" to moderate his pace. Bent like a bow he held the four galloping horses firmly in hand whilst his comrade, the "driver" cracked a 20ft, whip ami yelled Dutch curses. Air. Hughes was in a pitiable state of fear and misery. Sir William set his teeth and spoke not a word. Jenny might have cried with vexation had she not been furious. It was all her fault 1 Once more she had forgotten to make allowance for the infirmities of others. At noon they reached an " accommodation house" — the significant Cape name for an amateur inn — standing in a pretty old Dutch village. " We will stay hero to-night," said Jenny, after apologising for her thoughtlessness, " whilst I send for my own people." " Howmuch further have \\\e to go?" asked Sir William. "Till to-morrow evening, I fear." "Then we will bear tho ills wo have," he answered, firmly. Widow Grocthcdc had never " accommo dated " a more miserable party. And it was but the beginning ! Before they started Jenny. went round to interview the blacks. They could not go slow, of course, especially with fresh horses, but they need not gallop. As she left the stable a " cart " drove up, a dandy cart, new painted, with snowy awning, and a hand some pair — a white servant beside the man driving, too 1 Why, her brain must be affected, or ghosts do walk — ghosts even drive I Jenny stood with her mouth open, speechless in amaze. "Good day, Miss Brucebridge ! I heard you were coming, and 1 drove over to wel come you." " Is it Professor Maefarlane — in flesh and blood /" she gasped. " It is indeed I" He jumped down. "But regard me as a Boer henceforward. I am the owner of Beauvil's farm, and the suproumey of your fleeces is going to be challenged at last, i warn you. Sir William is here, and Miss ratten ?" Jenny paid no more atteution to the marvel of this encounter. "Yes," she cried, dolefully, "and I have made such an awful mistake — such a series of idiotic oversights. 1 forgot that Sir William could not stand the heat at this season. I forgot how bad our roads arc and how those Mozambiquers drive. The poor old gentlemen are half dead already. I seriously believe they will turn back before evening and take the next mail to Eugland — Laura and all." " That's a bad report," said Maefarlane, inwardly chanting preaus of triumph, " Let me see what I can do." " What a fool I am, after all," Jenny ex claimed, with passion, as they walked. "And, somehow, you always turn up to convict me of it." " That's unkind," he laughed. " Could you not put it rather that good fortune leads uie to your side when you are in trouble ?" " Oh, you can't help me here," Jenny answered, too disconsolate to pursue the sub ject. (To bo continued.) 