GHOST CUT GHOST. You may imagine that during my career as a detective I have had some singular job? given me to work on. There was one little piece of business that I always look back upon with a good deal of professional pride, although the ending was a very sad one. It was & case of diamond cut diamond — ghost cut ghost, I call it — and took up my time for the better part of six months. About ten miles outside the limits of San Francisco — I'm speaking of about twenty years ogo — stood a large farmhouse. This house had been vacant for three years before I saw it. The original owner bad been mur dered there, and the house and farm had pasted into the hands of his brother, who was a New York gentleman; The New Yorker being unable to find a tenant for the house and farm which had passed into his hands, left them to take care of them selves. Now, a wooden house left to take care of itself is in a very bad way, and though for a time the house was not without tenants, they were not such as took upon themselves any responsibility for the necessary repairs. Parties of two or three miners occasionally stopped at the house all night ; these were its only tenants. But by-and-bye it was de serted by even these chance visitant ; for word began to get about that the house was haunted. The panic caused by this report was such that for love or money you couldn't have hired a carpenter to enter it even in the day time. Of course I heard of the haunted house ; but as detectives are never called upon to arrest ghosts, I felt no particular curiosity about it. One morning our chief put into my hands a case against «n sber on Hrg secretary named Coffin, Coffin way the se:secretary of the White Mountain Mining Company, All the funds had been under his control, and he had got away with some ten thousand dollars belong ing to the shareholders. My business was to find him. His landlady told me that he'd gone away without his trunks or clothes. The only things that were missing were a suit of clothes, a stout pair of boots, one or two clean shirts, Some collars, a wide-awake hat, and a black valise. He had left the town at night. No one had witnessed his departure. Here was a good chance for a detective to work by the inductive process— from small beginnings to work on and on from clue to Clue until he bagged this man. All that I could do was to work all the reads leading out of the town. After about a week at this I found a farm hand who had seen a foot passenger resembling my man the morning after he had absconded, I fol lowed this trail and seen became positive that I was on the right track. Coffin was a shrewd fellow. He had planned the embezzlement and escape care fully, and had made elaborate preparations for playing what we call the ' chameleon game,' that is for changing his clothing, headgear and face, at every stage. To this end he had possessed himself of a change or two of clothing, a stock of hats, and any quantity of whiskers; and he rung the changes on these very frequently. The black bag was the only thing that I had to rely upon as a pointer. Fortunately, a man on tramp with a black bag was not in those days a common sight : and I had lesc difficulty in following Coffin's trail than might be Supposed. The first time I heard of him he was a smooth-faced gentleman, dressed in shabby black, looking for all the world like a broken down gambler going to retrieve his fortunes in some mining camp. The next, he was a middle- aged doctor, with a flowing beard and heavy moustache. Later on, he was playing the role of a company promoter, offering to buy up mining claims on behalf of an English syndicate. He was then attired in a check suit, a light bet, and side whiskers. At this stage I obtained positive proof that I was following the right man, and I thought I should have no diffi culty in laying my hand on Coffin. My calculations deceived me. I found that he was 'doubling.' and traced him almost as far as the suburbs of San Francisco, There I lost all trace of him as completely as if the earth had swallowed him up. Months afterwards, feeling vexed and dis appointed, I dropped into a saloon at the outskirts of the town to get a 'liquor.' I had had as pretty a dance after Coffin as any man need want, but the interest of the game supported me, and I was determined not to give it up. There were three or four miners in the bar, and one of them was evi- dently greatly excited. His companions seemed to be ridiculing him, and he was getting what we call 'ugly.' I made my way towards the little knot of talkers and overheard the following conversation : ' So, you didn't think much of your lodg- ings in the haunted house, Bill ? ' No, I didn't— no two ways about it,' ' What did you hear?' 'Twasnt what I heard — '’twas what I saw.' ' What did you see, then?' ' Why, the doors openin' and shuttin' without anybody touchin' 'em.' ' Nonsense, man!' ' Nonsense be blowed! I tell you they did. And when I drawed my six- shooter and fired half a dozen shots clean through the door— makin' the all- firedest row you ever heard — the door kep' openin' and shuttin' and playin' tunes, I felt like a gone sucker, you bet. My heart began to jump so under my jacket that it's a wonder it didn't knock a button off. I wouldn't go there again for all the money in the State. But if anybody here thinks I'm a coward, he's only got to say so.' It suddenly occurred to me that I had located Coffin. A vague suspicion of this sort, had, it is true, flitted through my mind before ; but now, without being able to ex plain why, I felt assured that, however im posEilla it might srem, Ccffin was the ghost in tbe haunted house. Beycnd the facts that the fame cf tbe haunted house waB wide spread, and that everybody knew Of its exist ence, there was nothing to support my theory exoept the maxim of the most famous of all detectives — a maxim destined to assure his after-fame : ' Always suspect that which seemB probable, and begin by Delieving what appears incredible.' I determined to call in the aid of another detective, and visit the pises next night. I bhoee fcr my companion George Webber, one cf the most esteemed members of tbe force, a man who bad proved his worth. Webber was a mar of imperturbable calmness, and with great confidence in himself. He would have laid his hand upon the most dangerous criminal as tranquilly as if he bad been ac costing a friend. Tbe haunted farmhouse was situated about a hundred yards from the roadway. What once had been a garden was now a veritable jungle, given up to weeds and bushes. For tunately, although it was ten o'clock, the night was clear. Innumerable stars lit up the flinty Bky. .There was no light in tbe bouse . no eignB of its being inhabited. The windows of -the ground floor were broken, and some of the doorB were open. We entered at the rear. A place of- more sinister aspect I never saw. The plaster had crumbled from tbe walls ; tbe flooring was rot ten ; the ceiling looked as though it might fall at any time, the rafters being bent as if they supported a heavy weight. The sitting-room, where 'Bill' had taken np hiB quarters a lew nights previously, con tained a rough table and a few b tools, which had been overturned. I . oonld see that tha door whioh led from it to the Btairoaee had been riddled by ballets. There was a door way in the passage, bnt the door was gone. The door which led into the parlor opened noiselessly. Oar lanterns revealed the fact that tbe tables, glass and chairs had been overturned, thrown in every direction, trod den upon, shivered into fragments. Every thing denoted tbat this roem bad been the soene of .a terrible straggle. ?The keyhole of this door whioh led into the oeliar wae eew& op with cobwebs, TheoeUat itself was full cf dust and debris. Eaoh ol us had a lantern and each inspected for him self. Banning along the side wall, I detected r. wire, and following this I found that it :iig£ppesred in an old barrel. Without dis turbing the wire, I removed the head of the carrel aLd found that the wire was attached tiO an old saucepan lid. A thorough examina tion revr a'.ed nothing farther ; so we returned to the eitting-room. I did not tell my com panion what I had Been, and he had dis covered nothing. We did not go upstairfl, because we thonght it would be prudent to postpone further explorations until the next day. Meanwhile, we darkened our lanternB and deposited them in a corner. The room was semi-dark. Our eyes and ears were on the alert ; but the houee was still as the tomb ; we Eaw nothing and heard no sound. I bad merely toio spy companion that I expected to make an important discovery. Of its nature he knew nothing. We waited in the most acute degree of ex pectation and attention until nearly midnight. All of a sudden we heard faint notes of music, which lasted for a few minutes. By and-bye the music was accompanied by 8 voice., The sounds were as fine and Boft as the voice of a child. I was satisfied that the musia was the work of human hands and the voice a human voice, but I was consider ably startled. My companion looked very pale, and strove to rise from the place where ho sat. I put my hand oa his arm to prevent him. It was scarcely necessary, for he could barely muster strength to whisper, .'Let's get.' The muBio was trailing away into feeble* ness, when the staircase door began to open and shut. I felt Eure that the wire whioh 1 bad seen down stairs bad something to do with this. I made a great effort to rise. To my astonishment, I could cot move a limb. 1 oould only bend forward and gasp, A power which I sould not resist made me motionleea and speechless. Yet all the time I was burning to '* go ' for that door, bat I hadn't physical capacity to do so. My companion recovered first, and seizing both lanterns, dashed from tbe bouse and made for tbe roadway. I jumped to my feel and followed my companion. As I did so, I heard a tunk, tuck, tunk 1 down in the cellar. I found my mate in the highway, his faoe as white as a sheet. 'What in thunder ails ycu, man?' I asked, feeling that the meet creditable way of drawing my companion's attention from my condition was to heighten the absurdity oi bis. ' The ghost !' ho pusped. ' I wouldn't go back to that house to cave iny life.' There was nothing for it but to tell Webber what I'd seen and what I suspected. As I ha?e said, my fellow-detective was as brave a man as ever tcok up a trail ; and when I told him what I had seen, he became per fectly self possessed. We Epent the remincci of the night in laying cur plans. Tn the early morning he rode back to San Francisco to get the necessary apparatus fcr carry ing them out. I remained to ' shadow ' the hcuee. Just ss it was getting dusk my companion returned, and we re-entered the house from the rear, noiselessly, and with great caution. Removing my shoee, I mat^erry way uf stairs, where I fancied I detected a slight noise over head. There was no sign of this room having been inhabited. The old jlice was two stories high, with a garget at tbe top. The garret was evidently reeched by b ladder, though cone was visible. 1 surmised that the ghost was in this garret, and that any one showing bis head above the scuttle would get it rapped, even if he didn't get shct. There was a large cupboard facing the en trance to the garret, and in the door of it I bored— on a level with my eyes — a few small \- holes with a gimlet which 1 happened to have in my pocket-knife, first drawing it through my hair, to prevent its making the siighteet noise. My plan was to play the ghost for the benefit of the occupant of the garret— gbos», or no ghcet. For this purpose Webber had brought with him an old fiddle. I removed all the strings but one. told my companion to allow me to secrete my e elf above, and then to make a noise on that one string, accom panying it with a few groans and other muffled noises. 1 hadn't been hid many minutes before I beard the darnedest row from below. It wasn't like anything earthly. At first it seemed like one shrieking in pain then it sounded like belligerent cats, and tben it died away in a few complaining eighB. It was so weird that, although I knew very well that my mate waB causing it, I couldn't help feeling a bit queer. Pretty soon I heard a movement overhead ; the sccttle-top was being removed. Next a ladder was thrust down the scuttle. To help Webber to keep up tbe entertainment, I gave a few groans inEide the cupboard. That brought a man down the ladder. He'd no sooner reached the foot of it than I collared him. It was Coffin. The moment I touched him he sank down on the floor like — like an empty eack. He seemed as if he hadn't got a bene in bis body; be was as limp as a jelly-fisb. While I got him out into the open air, Webber searched tbe garret, and found all the missing dollars, bonds; -fcj. We hurried Ceffia back to San Francieco, intending to lock him up. He was still un conscious. and we were obliged to summon a doctor. Poor fe llcw ! He never get over it. Winn he came cut of his swoon he was mad, ana had to tpend the rest of his days in an csjlum. Tnai's the i ff-ct is has, Bir,when a man really believes he has come in contact with tbe supernatural, as Coffin did. ' Whose cigars does Carver smoke ?' ' Anybody'?.' He : ' Cbapley seems to me to be a man of one idea.' She: 'He is more fortunate than I thought. 1 A has never fuHy realises the wealth of information he doesn't possesB till his first child begins to ask questions. He : ' I am a millionaire. Haven't I money enough for both cf us?' She : ' Yes, if you are moderate in yocr tastes.' She : ' So yen are engaged to one of the MuEgrave twins i How can you distinguish one from the other ?' He : 'I'don't try to.' SuKDAi-school teacher: 'Now, Johnnie, tell me what took all the snap oat of Sam son.' Johnnie: 'A home-made hair-cut, ma'am.' He : ' Tell me what yoa think of my last poem. 1 want to finish it, as I have other irons in the fire.' Sbe : ' I should withdraw the irons and insert tbe poem.' 'So your papa has cone fishing, has he?' said the minister to Jobisuy Cumso; 'what kind of tackle does he use ?' ' Hook and lyin',' ' replied the intelligent boy. ' I'd like to know why yoa hired a young woman for a type-writer ?' demanded Mrs Hilow of her husband. «? So I could have Eome one to dictate to,' replied the unhappy man. She : ' What a fitting token of married love is the wedding-ring 1' * He: 'It is. A ring has no end; and it also has no beginning. It is absolutely with- - oat variety ; and is maeh easier pat on than iakenofi.' Customeb; ' I bought some medioine here . a yesterday ior my dog, and after 1 gave it to him it died. What dc you mean, anyway ? I didn't tell yon I wanted to kill him.' .. Druggist : ' Yoa said he belonged to It is nc- breach of logic to csnelude that the man with the ram btoseoia is a b^^niny , 