A THRILLING EXPERI ENCE. 1 had occoasion some months ago to go from a point a long distatco up on the Cotlit River, acrors the country toward the: line of t:o railroad. For most of the diotaoce tebo d, cr oathb r the track. led througoh a rough wild cou try, which was generally eorred nitl bheavo forestsnd tongled impenetrable thickets of under brush. More than folty milesworn to ba traverecd. 1 startedvery early-shottly dfter daylight. .1 was nounted on a small Indian pony, of a scrubby, ignoble breed. Lest I should not be able to odemeoplih itho journey in one day, or mi0ht not be arle to reoch some cabin a!oog thre rot', 1 hod taken tbe prrenuion to strap a pair of wllile hinkete Ihehio:dfiy saddle. The only weapons 1 had were a rmaol pooket pistol-einglo barrelled-and a emsli twoedgesd dire. On starting 1 had notictd that my pony was slightly lame. Thinking he would get over it when warmed up on the road, I puosed ahead. Ilowcer, the lamenre iflorrased, and Iog hefore noon 1 fouod that I should haro to ohbndcn the horra and make t:o remainoder of the j.l.rney on foot, it ooother nnial oou!d not he obtained. tio hore ooooll be obtainid for love or money, so leao ing the crippled pony and the caddle nt nlogger's ranoh, 1 poehnd on, carrying toy roll of blaok.tal on my back. ThM trail woound rooo trouogh donee, glorooy' forelfo. r1i thic nod tall wore the toree that the lofty, interlacing branbhes overhead ehor out the ri's rays, and much of the light f day. In a sort et sombt:re twilht I ponhed on. Befloro I hd eov. lred many miles 1 began to leel rome i nc.ion es-a cingnlar presentimaot of evil forboing. Still 1 went rforarde, triiog to drivo away the prelenti. mert by thiokirg ot my businesc. lHowever, the leoliog that there was some danger in my pathway inetereae. Some nstoinct told me that 1 was heing ifollowed. Scon o peculiar whirring sound, reare. bliog the pt.rrirg of an norolonu cat, attrseted my attention. Uactiog a qlleck glance betlod me, irnn ginro my dismay at chling in the trail. not tevtnty fire byale awory, n large, fltrc cougnr. The animal was troiling alor g sloowly with ite belly close to tho ground, anrd oilethhl.g its toll liLk o act when preparing to oprlng on an unon-prclie? moues. Ctclrthing my rye the cogar r suddenly stopped. p'aoed itrl etd clooe to the earlt, ead in a rouohlrin attitude walchrd ro inotntly. My situation was m very grave one. Armed with only a small pistol and teife, milts from rhman bohita tioos alone in the heart of agreat gloomy eorest, nod confronted by a lorgr, bunogrylooking cougar. my position was not to be envied. Fortunately. I was thoroughiy acquainted with lhl o nwardly disposition of the animal. Uolers ypercd by o:unger I klew the cougar wou'd not openly attack me. Graeping my pistol in one hand nod the knife toIliae other, I turned and advaned toward the lurkirg too. The cowardly creature re treated. To emphasize matters I delhor gedi my pistol, taking preiouo good earn to a:noot aide of the mark. To wonld the animal was the last tling io the world I wished to do. D.libarately reloading 1 then turoned and moved rapidly forward, keeping i sharp lookout over my shoulder. Thoeoougar persistently doggod me. Smtettmes it gained on me and I would hare to drive it bask bj shouting nod dicoharging my pistol. This I kept up for about two houra. I hoprd to finally frighten the antimal aay, but it still doged my footolhpe. 1 prer.c d no, weary and feot;ore, hoping soon to to emere fronm the forest or to reach some wayside oabin. Ogfe on open ground I eoht 0ura the animal would abandon the pursuit. lBut the timber appeared to grow thoeker. "To add to my fears night ewa ooming on, and there aere ponteotiue signs of a coming storm. L?re mattering thunder was heard far away, and I could hear the wind that preceded the temport gatheriog itt forces far bosk im the forest. Darkness fell until I could scarcely dlstt.Iuish the toetuous trail. Sill my foe followrd rloatlaeely. Saon the amorphous blackness swallowed np everything. By geeliig my way cautiously I could follow the trail. Preseontly l reached the ri of a teep ravine. Below me [ heard the hie and ror of u stream. Broadestreahe of lightniong Ilthetl across the heaveno. By waiting for these flshes o made my way down theravine. At the bottom flowed a broad, swift streao across which the trailled. I could not tell how deeop it wos, but cross it Imost. Taking advantage of a loah I plunged in. The water was almost waist deep rnd cold as ita. Through this etream o llOnolored narrowly escaping bhing oarried rib my tiet by the force of the torrent. ilnally, I reabhed the oppcit. sideo. oroambled out, drippiog wet and chilled to the marrow. By the noot bright glraoom I could sea the cougar on the oppirite stide, jilt at the brink, croohing as it for a eprioe. In ol'her dceperdtidn I tired at him. and turning rushed up the beterp, rogged trail. Bl'ok gloom again succeeded. I stood still, my heart b.ning madly; I expected that the cougar rould now certainly at. took and rend mo. Jf?l then the animal gave a wild, rfearful scream and plunged into the stream. Another flaahoome. As I turnod to fly, I saw the congar midstrersm. slruggling desperatelyin the mad torrent and nkhling towards me. Ucfoeore the gleam faded there cane another blinding. fierca glare, flloocd by an owlful peal of thluider. Once moro I turned and fled up thebs trail. This time I reached the top, and at the samera instant there oamo another blooad curdling scream from the enraged cougtr. I rushed preoipitatelp on, and in a moment roeahod an opening in the timber. My pistol heiog empty was terlle, eo I longit away and grasped my ditrk. t looked around and dis . covored that I stood upon the edge of a small clearing. Not a hundred yards away, 1 snaw, with a joy that no languago ca0 portray, the light of a cardlo hiniong through a window olan humble log. oabin. LHelp and safety were athand. 1 shouted loidly,. and a curc, heavy " flRulloo there I" tame baok nto rooprnoo. Tile loud baying of a dog greeted mo that souoded sweeter than any meso t ortr heord. But lbttle remains to be told. The brave dog rushed past me, and making for the oougor, whiolo was only a lew yards away, quickly treed him. TtL logger at once ampreheoded the situatioe. Telling me to go to theoahin he etized his rifle and hurried to ute spot where his dog stood barkiogand waited for a lightniong ash. It coma a moment later at. most ae bright nas day. It rercaled thre oouoar crouching on a large limb, not more than forty feet from the grouond, jest ready to hurl himself opon tho dog. There was a sharp cruee, and the bail craslhod through the coogar'a skull. Uttering a pierceing cry, the creature tlil to the groound, and alter a brief struggle ingloriously gave up the ghost. Jeust thIen th lon"impendirg tempest broke forth ir all is fury. Tlot night I remained at the lopger's chbin, and prtoctk of his rougil but wholesomo cheer. l': rly tly nru t t erning i reached my destilatlon witeuut furthcr adrenture. The cougar tcat camo so near getting my scalp wan a very large olo male. By act.l measurement it was neorly nino feot from tip to tip. It was the narrow. ert iscsFpe rom a horrible late ever had. The i opetllece has taught me one uroful lesson ; I will ntever againo venture alone through the lonely woods withoot having a trusty Wronhester in my hand. 