ALISON'S HERO; A ROMANCE OF FACTORY LIFE. Br KEITH CHBISTIE. CHAPTER X*—(Concluded.) The Poet listened dreamily. After all it was something to know that one beside himself had peered into the mysteries of "Heart-throas," even though it had only been to parody the musical murmera of the "Legende of the Languorour Lux 1" Alison read the verses with a dainty enjoyment of their absurdity that was very charming, though they rouaed bitter thoughts in Murdoch's mind ; for was he not in the case of Tobias standing by to see Bianca carried off by the nameless but too successful "He?" While she read he had an excuse for fixing his eyes upon her, , and, like most people who come into possession of a good excuse, he made the most of it.. He took note of every detail of the change that had come over her since • (hat night, a month ago, when they had watched together by Jeanie's d aathbed. It was the same Alison, the same pleasant face with the kind eyes looking frankly from it; but this girl before him bore the same reaom- -. blaace to the Alison he had first known that the rose bush in July bears to the rose bush in December. This was Alison in blossom; this girl with eaucy lips and flashing eyes, gracefully poised head and air of radiant beauty. Alison in blossom, but his hands might never gather the flowers for himself. Before this tree of life stood the angel of death, and above \- the flashing sword it held shone the warning eyos of Andrew Bayne ! When Alison finished reading she looked up brightly and unexpectedly—so quickly that the doctor, watching her, was taken off his guard, and allowed her to see a look on his face she had never met there before. A curious . thrill passed through her, and she coloured under the eyes fixed so meaningly upon her. Her confusion was to perceptible that Murdoch rose hurriedly and walked to the window. , " How bright the weather is for this time of the Tear," he said, snatching at the straw which has saved many a conversation from drowning in die seas of silenoe. "It hardly seems like December, does it ?" JNo one replied immediately to this startlingly novel observation. May waa full of jealous anger, for she had •. seen the look that had upset Alison's composure. The poet's thoughts were engaged with Tobias and Bianca; and Mrs. Urquhart was \- saying to herself how tiresome it was that the . tele-a tete should have been interrupted at its most interesting point. She had not suspected that he had had a love story already. .Whocould that beautiful woman have been? After all, it was Alison that came to the doctors assistance in rescuing theoonversation from drowning. " It has been quite warm and sunny to-day; May and I are thinking of going to the Redhead to-morrow." " You will enjoy that," he said, quickly. " I should like to go myself, but I have to see a patient in the country." " Will you allow me to go ?" the Poet asked, softly. " 1 am afraid the walk would be too much for you," Alison said, with pretty irony. " We are going along the cliffs as far as Auchmithie, then inland through Ethie woods to the Bedhead, then home by the cliffs again." " Miss Alison, Epare me, I beg!" exclaimed the Poet, with horror. "Tha bare recital of jour energy unnerves me. Dear ladies, is there any poetry, any rhythm, in those pedestrian exercises!" " I think BO," Alison said, saucily. "There are feet in rhythm and poetry; why should there not be poetry and rhythm in feet?" He turned upon her a look of gentle reproach. Surely Nature erred in putting a healthy soul into so beautiful a erarb 1 He had been tempted to walk to the Bedhead, but a whole day with the robust and healthy ~ physique of this fair barbarian before him was too great a price to pay for the pleasure. Sitting at supper with her that night, afte the doctor and May had gone home together, he could not help wishing that she had been a woman of the higher oult. She was so dainty and charming that it was a thousand pities that Nature had not added the crowning charm of delicate inanity—the charm that would ha vegained heraplaceamongthe fair ones enshrined in "Heart-Throes." But Alison refused to fit herself for the immortality that lay between the white and gold covers of that inspired volume. She was wholesomely natural, and her young appetite made him shudder! Yet he would not confess to himself •bow muoh her residenoe at the Abbey House had had to do with his continued stay at Arbroath. By and by Alison threw a bright glance at him. "Do you know that this house is haunted, Mr. Robinson ? Last night Alec saw a white figure cross the green at midnight and pass into the cellars. Suppose we sit up for it to-night." " Don't be rash," Mrs. Urquhart said. " It is never well to tempt Providence." The lady evidently had the poor opinion of the ability of Providence to resist temptation that is common to most people. "And,"she continued, "don't let Marget hear you scoffing, for she has a great respect for bogies. She has seen my wraith more than once, and on each occasion she warned me that my doom was near." " That is thoughtful of her," said the Poet; " calculated to be so reassuring. By the way, aunt, isn't the bowling green laid over the graves of the old monks?" " Yes; and on Hallowe'en they rise and have a game. I believe they use their own skulls for bowls, but you must take Aleck's word for that/' Alison laughed. " In that case it would be worth while sitting up to see how it is managed." Dante Algernon shuddered. "Miss Alison, it is not well to be frivolous ; one never knows how near to us the ghosts maybe." ''Alec is not like to be frivolous just now," Mrs. Urquhart said. "Marget is in great trouble because he is under suspicion of shooting and robbing young Rayne. I suppose he'll be kept under supervision till Rayne is able to give evidenoe against him." ''Dr. Murdoohsays he thinks Andrew was shot by accident," Alison said, quietly. " Ob, likely enough. But if it hadn't been for Dr, Murdoch's skill in saving Bayne, I'm thinking Alec would have been on his trial for murderbefore this." , "Why in the world doesn't JElayne speak and dear up the mystery?" said the Poet, impatiently. " Dr. Murdoch will not allow him to be questioned till his recovery is certain," Alison answered. "Have yon been to see him to-day, my bairn ?" Mrs. Urquhart asked. "I called at the house," Alison said, colouring, " but his mother would not let me go in." 