GK03T MAKING. THE DEREtlGT LIMBS. A THEORY. BY "TuLuiLw.'Hru." There yctroinain tmethonry about thu j Ilawthoro lees, and tniitablo to tho ncason, being ghostly nnd blnud curdling, ami calcinated to aid in inapiring thu proper sentiment of a Ciiristinau limn. Ail the best Christmaa atoriea hnvo ghost in them. AU respectable pi'ople, indeed, and countries and cities have their ghostfl. Australia, indeed, has a vary fair share of ghuat. What would our budi literature bo without thn two fcuprcmu legends of 44 Tho llcadlen Trouper," and44 Tho Trotting Cob I" And what wcll-infnruiod busiimnu has a doubt of their existence. ' Have not cattle innumerable broken camps oil their approach ? lluw many belated wanderers making home from id unity nnd pub have been near dono to death by thu otic cud thu other? And is it not a fuct that two or three good hard drinking men httvu been found dead on their buiits, killed, inca undoubtcaly, by terror, though nmclhng pnworfully of rum. Also, there ia Fiaher's ghost, of whoso existenco and appenrenco no sen sible inan hud ever any doubt, no matter what some folk may nay of Marcus Clarke's foiiHnli uticmpt to prove that in tlio .netua! piocuas of the trial the ghost was boiled down to Fisher's oJdbrcccho3 hanging on a fence. Aiiddoouiiot ths Flyiut; I'ioi'inn Irol Hiill between Sydney aud old Parrainiilta 7 Wo should verily, nnd, indoed, hu sadly im- povuriahed if utterly deprived of our ghosts. How, then, ia it. that so far our city of Melbourne has nover hud any properly ro- coL'itisetl ghostv? Thit is thu i|uentioii out of which grew tho theory now to bu promulgated. It did, doiibtlean, uccur to some more than ordinarily thoughtful pcrsob, that this want hidexicled too long, aud must at longth ho nuuplind. Wo must havo a ghost — a Melbourne ghost— und 44 by the life of me," said this genius, it shall be uriutnal, too, So tin groAt idea wvs bom. But, then, how to make a ghost 7 Wo du not know that any of tho books con tain u formula fur this task. True, Hum- let tsaya— I'll tniko a pirojt of liin.i that lets me. Iiut lie did not carry out his threat, and thus the matter went no farther. Tho ghost is generally supposed to uriso out of murdor, hut evidently Komrthiiig much more than murder ia required or ghost world would bo much more thickly peopled. Divines of cider days were Hiipposcd amongst other lost functions to havo power to lay a ghost. Hence wo tn.v suppose tliey ktisw what was nectsiary ' to keep LLc unquitt spirit duvu, nnd arguing in an opposite fashion, they could toll what would require to bo loft undone or ta be overdone to keep the spirit out nnd about. It in not to be asRtimod. however, that tho depositor of tho Hawthorn JcgA was of the clericti profession, And for thu reason that no such deed as this in days gnno by— so fr.r, at least, ns records go— led to tho walking of ghosts. And, moreover, if disiucmhermunt wero suffici ent, thero lmppcnc'1 a while ago, in Another Australian city, a little afinir which would indicate tho walk ing of ghost® un a rather exten sive scale. Thoro was nn undortnkor iu tlmt city who contracted to bury th® human fragment® of tho hos pital. It is nut clear whether th® terms uf ins contract allowed him to do Una iu 14 lots and pieces.". But certain it ie, suoh wna hie custom. Fur there was nu establishment where men arc accustomed to assemble near to the undertaker's pluse, nnd at h cortaiu time it became infected with what wero perhaps rightly described as "unholy stinks." Complaint was tmuln, ami a certain box discovered and opened. It® contents were— well, they would hnvo been sufficient to provido scvoral Hawthorn mysteries, though their cundituiu was, as will he understood, not quite so good as that of the Hrwtborn specimens. Now, thislittlecpiftoilo seems to indicate that the wuuld-bu proi idor of a city ghost could not have beun a Htudmit or nrafos- sor of medicine. For no mun who has ever walked thu hospitals' would he likely tu imagine that n ghost would ansn froui the burial of any dismembered body. And, as we remember, Professor Allen has already made it abuudantly clear that the amputations wero nut made by any instrument controlled by u surgi cal hand, No, thu ghoat provider was neither doctor nor diviuo. Yet' it bonus that ho wuh u. man of a cer tain wit. nnd originality. For ho had clearly determined that his ghost should bo on liiflvrcnt lines, and indeed of less lines than any other ghost. Ghosts til arc havo been witli Landless stumps, ghosts with ugly punctures in various parte of their nimtoiny, ghosts with throat gashes, and ghosts with gory lucks ; gliosis with heads under thoir urms, and gliusts with 110 heads whatever. But this ghpat, havo you over considered what it inuKt hu ? Tlio Lord prcsurvu uu all from a sight of it, or if ever it crosaua uur path, aid us to keep our rra9on 1 This purveyor of ghosts, this nupnlicr of dcficimicicH b it observLMl, having re solved that a ghost would be re quired, uoncMYod tho Idea that no ordinary body would keep at rest if its vuriuus- members were not proporly together. Tliie idea estab lished ho gave it full development. Hh clove away with truly butcher zeal, aud scattered his fragment® with a care that mu9t, of nucouitv, baulk thu best efforts of any ghost. Wo can easily imagine his enthusiasm, when his body had been securely huriod, and tlio parcels of arms aud legs unfely doposited. Ah t nh 1 Sir Ghost ! Come togethor again, will you 7 Got down safely to rest, nnd nil of a piccu. I would liko to ceo you 1 Nay, you will norer accomplish unify with thusu aims ami lugs again. You may got a ulimpre of Ilium m pickle jars. Yob may hang and prowl about them, you may disirv them with all your ghostly soul, hut they will never mora bo yours. You will stump nbout tho city for over, you will bn a ghost tu gladden a properly-constituted citizen's heart. What will bo the method of your progress 7 That I must leave yuu yourself to decide. You can't walk, und I don't see very well how yuu can glide. You will have to -move us ghost nuvcr moved hoforc. You niuRt stump along, my incomparable gh'nst ; nnd then you will havo. no hand tohcokon. You must ju«t saw tho uir with your other stump. You will bu an original, an absolutely now idea, in ghosts." And all tho while he duos not con- alder tho feeling of those who may have to interview his ghost, or narltAp® imagines that thoy must ho similar to hta ovu. Must nut any man bo proud of evon n ratepayer's share iu such a ghost 7 But how if tho ghost ia not socd, if lie cannot accomplish enough of tho stuff necessary to render himsolf visible, if hu comes stumping along corridors oud over ceilings, heard,' but unseen ? What emotions of terror and horror will bn raised. If litis ghostmsksr has not done his work thoroughly it would roally have been better for him to have left it clone. But what prospect is thoro of cither perfect or part accomplishment 7 and is it not probablo that our would-be chosl- tmiher is at thu present moment the most diappoiuti'd 111'nji in ihu community? His ghost docs noc walk at nil, nnd from that fact both the detective police and tho community generally should guther nonio satisfaction, for it scoria te indicate that the work was not thoroughly duno. Tlie trunk of the ilunrUiorii.affntrcati no moro rifle nnd get nbout limn thn body cf a hospital patient which a few weeks after a must successful nnd well advertised operation is raken away in the cart. Ho was but a resurrectionist, n body- stealer, this ghutt-m&lcor.; Uo could not have murdered the owner of the legs, or hi ghoit would have been complete. Or otherwise there in patience ami tolurution amuiigst unmet) ghost, even ns amongst liv» folk, generally, and though murdered and mutilated and ull uuuvuiigud, thi one keeps saying, "A litllo longer, u little longer. I will give the police one more chance." buroly.howuvor, nu pntionco will some day or some night breakdown The horrid thing will re visit. the paleglimpsea of thu moon, and somebody or other will bu worse scared than those talks who tauud the arms aud the legs. Only let that nomu-onu, when encountered, brnco up hi uiuiihubd, or womnnliMud, aud face thu vision, no mutter how it move. Aud thus it nitty be one man's, or ono woman's, bravery thai! do more iu tho cuuvo of jun- tico und fur u righteous and neces sary vengeance thun ull the skill of all (lie specialists who cannot tall us ono jot more than was discovered by chutico by propjw iroing about their ordt- tury business. We shall lose our ghost, maybe, fur ghosts piopurly avvugud subside ; but we shall also bu rid 01 u reproach which at present seems to liugor ubuut a community wherein such a deed can be done, aud uo clue bu obtained to cither murdcreror victim. 