Yesterday's Brevities. [Some of the following items appeared in our later editions of yesterday.] Yesterday's Brevities. A general meeting of members of the Mutual Provident Land Investing and Building Society, Limited, in liquidation, was called for the Temperance Hall, this afternoon, for the purpose of having an account laid before them showing the manner in which the winding up is progress- ing. Representatives of the press were not ad- mitted. Michael Shortle was summoned at the Water Police Court to-day before Mr. J. W. Brooks, D.S.M., for having depastured 26 head of cattle in the Centennial Park on the 17th instant. De- fendant was fined £2 with costs, levy and distress. Neil Saunderson, for assaulting Joseph Gosling by striking him on the head with an iron dish, on the steamer Macleay, on the 26th instant, was at the Water Police Court to-day ordered to pay 10s fine and £1 5s 10d costs or go to gaol for 21 days. John See and Company were plaintiffs in an action in the District Court this morning for the recovery of £32 0s 4d for goods delivered to C. E. Edwards and Company, of Strathfield. A verdict was given for the amount claimed. In the District Court to-day Henry Poritt, of Dulwich Hill, was the plaintiff in an action brought against John Henderson and Chas. Rich- man, of Pitt-street, for breach of agreement. The agreement was one entered into by the parties, and providing that plaintiff should become entitled to a half share in a branch business at Newtown, in consideration of which £30 was paid by him to defendant. The agree- ment also reserved to plaintiff the right to claim the return of the money in two months if he did not wish to continue in the business. Plaintiff wished to terminate the arrangement at the end of two months, and defendant refused to return the £30. Plaintiff sued for the amount, and a verdict was given in his favor. In the District Court to-day Wm. Pritchard, of 9 Collins-street, Annandale, sued the Sydney Spoke Company for £66 for rent due on the pre- mises occupied by the company, at View-street, Annandale. Thomas Kerry, master of the ketch Harold, and Andrew Logan, master of the ship Riversdale, pleaded guilty at the Water Police Summons Court to- day, with having committed breaches of the Navigation Act, in not having proper lights on their vessels while at anchor in the harbor. Defendants were each fined £1 and costs, levy and distress. The Orient liner Oroya arrived at Adelaide to- day in time to allow the Sydney portion of her mails to reach here on Wednesday next. Judgment was given to-day in the Equity Court in the case of Aitkin v. Cashman. In this case the plaintiff, Edward Finlay Aitkin, of Annandale, sued Thos. Cashman for assault, placing the damages at £200. His Honor Judge Murray gave a verdict for £25. Benjamin Smith, or Washington, a working man, got into trouble in Oxford-street on the night of the 24th instant. He commenced enjoying himself by assaulting a young woman named Lily Leonard, when he was taken in hand by Constable Harper. In resisting his arrest Smith became violent and illused the constable, at the same time roughly treating Mr. Charles Hamilton, who went to the assistance of the officer. At the Water Police Court, to-day, Smith was charged with assaulting the woman, and, as she made no appearance, the charge was dis- missed. On the second count of assaulting the constable a fine of £2 was inflicted by Mr. G. H. Smithers, D.S.M., or the alternative of 21 days. A further charge against accused, who was on remand, of wilfully destroying the garments of Mr. Hamilton, was dismissed. A valuable, young, unbroken mare belonging to Mr. Jas. Stewart, of Waratah, on Saturday, tried to jump a sharp picket fence, and was caught. In its struggles to get off the poor animal was ripped open, and when released galloped down the street as far as the School of Arts (a quarter of a mile) with the entrails hang- ing out, before it fell. Mr. Stewart only bought the horse on Friday. W. Robson, auctioneer, reports sales on Satur- day last, on behalf of the Town and Country Building Company, in Murrell's Estate, Ashfield, amounting to £1025. The Rev. Joseph Best, for 11 years incumbent of the Church of England, Nowra, who has been appointed to Bondi parish, preached farewell ser- mons yesterday in Nowra Church. The building was densely crowded on both occasions, large numbers being unable to obtain admission. Thos. Kelly, 34, driver, was fined 40s, or seven days, at the Water Police Court, to-day, for being drunk and disorderly in Argyle- street on Sunday night. He was further charged with assaulting Constable Orr by striking him on the leg and knocking him down while the con- stable was taking off his glove. An additional fine of £5, with the alternative of two months' hard labor cumulative, was imposed. Henry Clitheroe, a young lad, pleaded not guilty at the Water Police Court to-day when charged with attempting to steal the sum of 5d from a till in the shop of Kathleen M'Dean, 283 Crown-street, on the 23rd instant. Accused said that the attempt was made by two other lads, but the magistrate held that he was guilty, and ordered his detention in the cells till 3 p.m. Albert Coulter, 16, driver, was charged before Mr. C. Delohery, S.M., at the Central Police Court, to-day, with having cruelly illtreated a horse by having worked it while in an unfit state. Fined 10s, time being allowed him to pay. Thomas Pearce, 49, a laborer, was sentenced to a month's imprisonment by Mr. Smithers, D.S.M., at the Water Police Court this morning for an act of wilful exposure in the Domain. Jacob Simmons, 10, was charged before Mr. C. Delohery, S.M., at the Central Police Court to day, with having stolen 3s 6d, the money of his father, Jacob Simmons. His father stated that he missed the boy and the money at 5 a.m. to-day, and found him near Circular Quay. He pleaded guilty, and was remanded to the Benevolent Asylum, to be boarded out. At the Newtown Police Court to-day George Bailey, 11, charged with maliciously damaging three tramcars the property of the Government, was remanded till Wednesday. A five days' sitting of the land board com- menced at Grenfell this morning. Fortune-telling, facts and frauds, consult The Illtjstbated Sydney New Of all news- agents. John Footel, a waiter at the Australian Hotel, Brisbane, fell from a window of that building in Albert- street at 1 o'clock on Sunday morning, a distance of 45ft, on to the pavement below. He died shortly afterwards. A London weekly of recent origin now devotes three columns to 'society news,' especially written for the paper by a 'member of the upper ten.' From the last instalment we learn that the Earl of M. is partial to bottle-green trouser- ings, the Duke of C. is afraid of ghosts and the Earl of T. has decided to have his house repainted. Equally sensational revelations may be expected in the next number. A single-tax meeting was held on Saturday night at Whately-street, Newtown, Mr. A. J. Taylor presiding, when Mr. Robert Reid spoke on the injustice of private properly in land, and the remedy — land value taxation. The annual spring floral services were held on Sunday at the Hyde Park Unitarian Church. The building had been beautifully decorated, floral arches surrounding the platform, and various de- vices hung round the walls. At the morning ser- vice, when there was a very numerous attend- ance, the Rev. George Walters delivered an address on 'What a violet said.' In the evening the church was densely crowded, and a lecture on 'Immortality in the light of the evolution theory' was delivered. Special collections were made at both services on behalf of the church funds. At the Clifton Court of Petty Sessions on Saturday over £23 was paid in fines for the non- registration of dogs. Mr. Burton, an Australian, is lecturing in various parts of England on fruit farming in Aus- tralia. He advises young men to emigrate and engage in this industry. A little boy named Chard was kicked on the head by a horse at Newcastle last night, and to all appearance is badly hurt. The little fellow was playing behind the animal when it kicked out. 