THE DOCTORS SHOOK THEIR HEADS. 'I would give a million dollars for a stomach," said a wealthy American recently. Now, a million dollars(£200,00) is a deal money, but he was not able to buy the article even at that price. Mr Thomas Gaskin, of No. 3, Poplar Bow, Darley Abbey, mar Derby, is not so rich as many, being a gardener, but he was ready enough to give all he had for one thing he hadn't got. Here is his story and he shall tell it in his own way, • A-r Gaskin goea on to say : " Up to eight years ago 1 had never lost an hour's work through sickness. • In December, 1882, whilst living at Beeston, near Nottingham, my appetite fell away, I had dreadful pain after eating, a bad taste in my mouth, which wonid fill with water and slime, the latter so thick and sticky that I often had to remove it with m> fingers. My chest used to ' fil up' and my throat would swell so that I could not button my shirt at the neck. I vomited a great deal, chiefly of a yellowish-green phlegm. I had a racking coogh, and would cough and strain till I bled at the nose, and the blood rnehed out of my ears. I became exhausted and short of breath and bad to call the doctor, and was in bed five or six weeks; " X then went as ont-patient to the Not tingham Hospital, and after attending there for six months was very little better. I got so thin that I was like a ghost walking about, and my friends said it was all up with me. For eighteen months I kept getting better, then worse, arid at last the doctors recommended me to try a change of air. So I came to Darley Abbey and my former master gave me an indoor recommendation to the Derbyshire Infirmary, Derby. I found, however, that all the beds in the Hospital were full, and I saw iuy club doctor and also two doctors at Derby. The first one said,*Fo» are in a galloping consumption and must die'; the other doctors after sounding my lungs and chest, said nothing, bat shoot; their heads. "Getting a little better n>y old master allowed me to do what little I could in his gardens and grounds; and some days I worked a little, and would then be away for a few days. ' Things went on like this until December,1888, when I caught cold;-got veryrhort of breath, and broke down completely. I was always cbhghing and spi ting up phlegm, sometimes asma-Ji as a tea-cupful at once, and was afraid to go to sleep for fear the phlegm vmtid choice me. At this time the -whites of my eyes turned j ellow and my eyes were bloodshot. My lips and mouth were dry and parched, and I often broke out into a cold clammy sweat. My tongue was like a piece of brown leather, and I could keep nothing down. I lost over a stone weight in three weeks. "I managed to get up for a few hours at a time,' but was so weak I had to take hold of the furniture to move a few yards. I was always tired and weary, and sitting or lying was never at ease, and got no real rest. Too weak to read I often sat for hours looking at my hands—nothing but skin and bone, and was so nervous I couldn't bare the least noise, and the children at play quite upset me. **The doctor kept on attending me. but he said, 'I can do you. no good; lean only patch you, up, because your lungs are diseased.' I then gave over taking bis medicine and tried everything I could hear oŁ One thing was a cough cure from London that cost22s a bottle. But nothing did me any good and my friends who came to see me said,'IFeZI, you won't cough much longer, you, havemerely prepare for another world.' About the middle of March, 1889, a ikhbour named Joseph Tatham who worki inethe paper mills at Darley Abbey, said to m , ' Tom, did you ever try Mother SeigeVs SyrupV and told me how he had. been cured after being in the hospital. He spoke so much in praise of this medicine I sent my wife to Derby and got a bottle at Mr Smith's Stores, in Victoria Street. After the first dose l had an evacuation black as ink, and vomited. Then I fell asleep and felt rested when I awoke. After taking the medicine for three days my breathing got easier, my food kept down, and in a few days more I was able to get out for a short walk. By the end of a fortnight I went to see my master, who asked what had wrought the improvement, and I told him, as I tell everyone that Mother Seigel's Syrnp had saved my life. I commenced work at once and have never lost o days work' since. "Of course my strength did not return all t once, but after taking Seigel's Syrup for *iz moitths I . was strong as ever in my life ^haveconfinued so ever since." -j ln giviiig his consent to the publication of xemarkahle statement, Mr Gaskin reueits«s^o>efer «ll"doabters to him or to " i s n p s a w J>MlivrfStDaiłBy Abbeyior'rS ń «ńd"ibearaan excellent reputation. . jNow* what was the complaint from which he suffered ? 2fot -galloping consumption, -toinly (ai *me of tht doctors thought), or windd have -gaCLoped in to his greuie in l tAon three months, instead of growing worse jforsevenyears. His complaint was chronic lnflamniatoiy dyspeusia (or cbronic gastric cafcuih), which haslnńg symptoms like co sumption, for which it is ao often ignorantly iTiiiitaVen and wrongly treated. When the nghtranedy. itother. Seigel's Syrnp, vis naed/ the duease yielded^ as all jdiseaaes of ^' stive tract do yield to that magnificent rtaori." We heartny congre <>a his recovery, and commend the factaoftuscase tothmkingpeople. 