Telepathy «n-l ** ttnti Uhu*t M*irfi«.' * Star t- star vibrate* H14I1 1 ; m«y sou! to bouI Strike ttirniigti n finer enetnent of her own V Telepathy is defined »« lw ' thought transference without the urh of thp organs of snnw\' A simple definition ami clear. One also tlmt most of us can tit in with personal exjii-ritince. For few people, at one time or another, have not experienced a restless con sciousness dint fuifiiMtnt was looking at them, mid turned round to find that a friend was trying to catch their eye, is the expression is. This is a very simple casn of telepathy. Just jis tlie rubbing of a stick of sealing wax or the friction of mi mutter pipe stem and the attraction l-y them of 11 fragment 1 of paper, or straw is an example of thp. action of electricity. How much «lse it is claimed to bo and may lie — for it must bo reinmnbered that the tele graph, (he telephone, and phonograph were all more or less latent in what our ancestors looked upon as the kite flying folly of Benjamin Franklin — will pnrhups most cosily l»n shown by a glance through Mr.Stnad's Christmas book, entitled ' Real Ghost Stories.' We know that Pan in mythology I peopled «very hill antl river and wood land with millions of spiritual crea ' tures-^-ttiR Oread,' the NfliiiS, and the Dryap, the great g»id Han and the yellow-skirted Fays haunted spring and dale. But with the. spread of morn accurate knowledge of natural causes they have lied, uad though they may still linger in the by « ays of popular superstition, the scientific investigator laughs them to scorn, and our poets lament because 0-ir hills ami s--m »nd streams Dispeopled of their rframns. Their waters turned to l-lo «l, their dew to tears, Wail fur me golden year*. But there is one class of ultra natural appearances that have resisted even Science; ghosts or hallucinations, which have Imen seen in all ages and among all people, still apparently claim their ancient rights of revisiting the glimpses of the moon, and the sheeted dear? sfciJ! occasionally squeak and jib ber in our streets. Modern science a .not exorcise tbe ghost, so it seeks to explain him. Indeed he himself, Mr. Stead implies, insists that he shall be n-» longer ignored as a pheno menon «-f nature, tint he is admit - tedly difficult to dtu. with. His coin ings and goings are intermittent and fitful ; hid aubstnnce in too shadowy to be handled, and he lias avoided, hitherto, the inquisitiveness of the microscope. Still it must not be for gotten that there are more things in earth and heaven than everyday philo sophy dreams of. All the great forcrs of- natwe have manifestations that pass unheeded by the senses. The chief forces affect th« senses have all a ? threshold value,' as physblogiste call it Thfcre are heat vibrations and flonnoV Vibrations that the unassisted senses take no account of. there are sound waves whoso vibrations are too slqV to be heard by us* and there are aopufT waves £00 rapid to malm a sen sible impression on the ear. So of lightly there are invisible waves at eabiilSjd of lEKft |peq|niaL 'The time, of cofifte, &ay;^cproe|whfer pur «*nses perceive these, but at present they . cannot. Now, there can be no dis pute about the fact that hallucination does occur. They are facto, quite as solid facts as the rising of- the sun, or the door that we ran our head Against in ibe dark. And according to the first great law of nature- they must haven cause. We have no single ob jection, therefore, to make against the proposed 'pensu* of Hallucinations.' As If r. Stead truly Bays, the question of apptirittonafr a question of evidence, am) our first duty is to collect the evi dence. ... A ballucinition, it is pointed oa^ is nofc'neeessanly a mere creation * Mobd, and which so far lackj reality, tni MH ctSniBr flieMffij ?aJrawsssagsr percent, of those examined by the Psychical Research Society have ' seen or heard what it is not explicable by any known laws ;' these inexplicable nights and sounds are hallucinations. Having accepted their existence, the next question is to account for it. Are they projected from within us, or are they objective appearances ? Arc thoy psychical or physical or super-physical 1 The most favored explanation now is that they are within us. That they are. to all intents and purposes purely subjective, being even less material than the sightless couriers of the air upon which tbe light and heat of the sun travel to this dim spot that men call earth. A good many people, how ever, especially those who dwscribe themselves as Theosophists and Spirit ualists, claim that they are much more. Telepathists, whether spiritualists or not, maintain that mankind is pos sessed of a dual soul or consciousness. I They hold that, besides the mind and body, meaning by mind the conscious personality, there is also within our material frame a soul or unconscious personality the true nature of which is at present enveloped in mystery. Now, this conception of a dual or even multiple personality helps to explain, hypothetical^, someof the most curious phenomena of hallucination. It is as though our body was lit by two souis — the greater to rule the day, the lesser to rule the night. This last, un conscious while we am awake, alert and about, becomes half conscious when we sleep, and can Ik developed with com plete consciousness when the other personality is thrown into a state of hypnotic trance. Our dual natures dwell together, perhaps, someone has said, like .narried folk, ' according lo the old idea when the man is every thing and the woman is almost entirely suppressed.' Or, perhaps, better like the householders of the little woather guage of our nursery days, the tiny cottage with a double doorway ; when it was fine the little man took his walks abroard, when it was threaten ing rain he retired within, and his small wife appeared out of doors with her umbrella. This conception of double conscious ness has been .a subject of study chiefly to the French and German hypnotists. It has also been made use of by the English Society for Psychical Research in the empirical explanation of that large group of debatable phenomena designated as mesmeric, psychical and spiritualistic. This society is a scienti fic association, formed for the purpose, if possible, of solving the questions, What is our Ego I Wherein does per sonal identity consist f How can one prove that ' I am I V Is it possible that we are not one-Aouled, . but two f Mr. Myers, a prominent member of the society and one of the best-known English writers on the subject, Is very temperate in his conclusions. ' I con sider,' he says, 'that dream*, with natural somnambulism, automatic writing, witti so-called mediumigtic trances, as well as certain intoxica tions, epilepsies, hysterias and recur rent insanities, afferd examples of the development of what I have called secondary jsrnenmonic chains—- fresh penonalittta, more or less complete, alongside the normal State. And I would add that hyphotism is only the name given to a group of empirical method of inducing there fresh per sonalities. ' That there may fee wholly distinct characters latent in the same person, is abundantly shown by tbe fact that most men when drunk are quite dif ferent from what they are when sober. The two characters are. often abso lutely opposed. *NorJet this, illustra tion be demised.' Etankenhm* hi « purely physical effect, due to adefinate cause, yet it produces utterly diverse emotions in two different minds, though «Jw*yi T similarly affecting the same \ind. , Thjp, idea of * sub-coa-' scious'^ptonajjty; if, more definitely, bodiedforth In the conception of a Thought jBoiy.\or, iDppblj*— what': is known' to 'Esoteric BndihMs »s the what ire may agree to c*ii roe ' sub (conscious. *s wyT^-jibwidftntly avi KntfftiTO* smsfim^vymii ft V*xt$otm&2BtiUll*$t*ikT Thi* abd the first two chapters in PaA II are, in our opinion, the only portions of the work of especial interest or value. The other stories differ little from tlie ordinary ones told from timo immemorial of tlit? raw ghost of com merce ; save that ic being the object of the editor to eliminate all ornament, most of them are somewhat boldly told and so far additionally uninterest ing. It would be impossible wholly to except all the supposed manifestations of (he double. Some of the statements of Mrs. Besant and her friends would have made the witch of Endor gasp and stars. Hut it would bo ridiculous to deny that many of the recorded facts are consonant with the hypothe sis, and as far as we know with no other. As for the rest of the book we can not imagine that ' Real Ghost Stories'' will add a jot to the credibility of ghosts in the strict sense of the term. The tales are mostly worthy only of the ear and eye of childhood that fears the painted devil. The theory of dual consciousness will indeed explain the existence or appearance of doubles of the living. And some Telepathists have suggested that in most cases where we have well -authenticated evi dence of the appenrence of apparitions, it is probable the Double of the dying and not the ghost of the dead that is manifested to the living. Such hold with the Persian- — Strange it is not. th-tt of myriad who Before u» passed tho dour ot D«rkness through ;; No one returns to tell us of the road, That to discover we t»-»sf. travel »»o ' But no one pretends that Telepathy, will explain all the stories that hare been handed down to us. For instance we have a record of an American case in which a sister appeared to her brother nine years after death with a scratch on her cheek as red as if it had been made the day before. He recog nised his sister, but could not under stand the scratch. On telling his mother, however, of the appearance she informed him that the disfigure ment had been caused by the needle used in sewing the corpse's shroud nine years before, but she had never men tioned it to anyone. As Mr. Stead candidiy admits probably any explana tion of subjactire hallucination, or of downright lying, would be preferred by the majority of people, to the acceptance of the simple accuracy of this statement and some others, which are probably worth as much as the confessions of the old-time witches, who sworn that they were dancing with Satan, while their hus bands held their material bodies clasped in their arms. Telepathy, as we understand and accept it, affords no satisfactory ex planation of post-mortem appearances, or of premonitions, or even of clair voyance. Almost everyone has had an experience of this last strange sen sation at some time in a degree more or less intense or vivid. How many of us have felt convinced, on coming to Borne new place or in the presence of some new scene, that we have some where seen it all before, or some trivial conversation seems the echo of a pre vious experience. There arc perhaps half a dozen hypothetical explanations of this. It is the revival of a forgotten impression t la it » shadow of a pre «xistent state f Is it a phenomenon explicable by the ^postulated existence' of the Doubts f It it a proof -of an underoloping by developing power, which will enable the finite mind of man to gaze into the secalar to-be f We find no certain answer. Of the greater part of Mr. Stead's book, of all indeed except the first three chapters, we cannot speak very «nthtistaiitUB%. We have ,not the smaUsst objection to his making money out of a sensational and second-rate Christmas number: Mr. Stead is irultad a sort of Mr. Grutidy, or, per-' hap/ybetUr, a BHjiah Mrs. data, who, although he has done some good ?wofk and *as proved Wraself cbnVmeroWly a mo«tftacoBs-sfa! jpormln^.is to tmny little better than on*' 9f , &e; profane. Hir chapter on 'Iftyseft: «ad My .Preouwituns ' fa not etibft most #«d intend and to Winded only '^calls recollections pf an old woman oonjur-' ing jwiUutheJdregB of ber tracing .'JBat we have a much more -*cttt»us obiectipn. wtryiBMsuua uf luwuwt. — Tlmt Mrrt SteHd should dot his 'I's' with a somewhat ostentatious flourish of trumpets does no one any special harm. Thai he should even share the not uncommon belief of complacent self conceit that he is one of Fortune's special pets is not indictable. Tim majority of men must doubtless con tinue to receive Mistress Fwrtune's buffets and her favours with equal thanks, while Mr. Stead remains the. little bottom on top of the Great Pan- j jandrum. ' No person,' he says, ' can have three or four premonitions | such as those which I have described ( (in his own case) without feeling that such premonitions are the only cer tainties of the future. They will be. fulfilled, no matter how incredible they appear, and amid the endless shifting circumstances of our life these fixed points, towards which we are inevitably tending, helping to give steadiness to a career and a feeling of security to which the majority of men are strangers.' Such convietions we can look on with the tolerant, if slightly contemptuous pity for vulgar errors that we could feel on seeing a house maid greet a stranger in her tea sup. But when Mr. Stead attempts to jus tify his compilation by such suggestion as the following, 'The greatest gain, however, that is likely to accrue from the study of the phenomena to which this volume is devoted, will arise front the deepened certainty which it gives as to the permanence of the individual after death;' and again, 'It is possible thht this bringing of life and immortality to light, or at least the establishment of a future life upon impregnable scientific foundations:, nrny seem to some by no means an unmixed blessing ;' we feel bound to protest with emphasis. No mood could be more opposed to scientific in vestigations, than the state of mind prompted by such an anticipation. The. single fact that a considerable number of the most striking ghost stories here recorded are described as having made a 'deep re ligtAus impression,' or as being instru mental in reclaiming the lapsed and sceptics to religion or a belief in im mortality in our opinion renders them quite valueless and untrustworthy. Can Mr. Stead seriously mean that any evidence such as he has collected here would bring us one barleycorn nearer to a solution of the problem of the great Unknown, ' the something after death f ' We trust not. The gullibility of the British public has survived many shocks. It is a monster that doth make the meat it feeds »n, a moon calf with a Gargan tuan, mouth and the hungriest and healthiest appetite lor marvels. It will be donbtJeHs gorge this collection with avidity. What through more care ful subsequent investigation shall com pei it to disgorge the greater part 1 Thatitwilldo any, material mischief we do not suppose, but to regard the greater portion of it more seriously than we would a dear and probable remunerative advertisement we cannot pretend. 