Kew a lian Who had Cheated Elm Came Back After Death _ to Apologize. Uniontown, Pa., News. "I never go tunch on ghost stories," began Contractor Van Dyke at the Clinton lHausu the other eveniug. The old gentleman hal been listening with more or less attention to a series of fables being told by the guests of the hotel. "Well, I don't know," the old contractor replied. i My experience in that direction bha been somewhat rl:markable. I don'tsup pose you will believe mc, but the story I will tellyou is true. I c:in Iprouce a living wit ness to it, and I will at any Liune make alli davit to its accuracy. Two years ego I was building a piece of railroad down in th:e east. ern part of this Statz. Among the people who furnished me ties was all old trader in whom I had little or no conlidence. As the bills for the ties came in ' paid them promptly and took receipts from every nman. I kh?w to the tie the number used. After smy contract was completed the old trader sued me for the price of fifty ties. The ease was tried, and I was compelled to pay the money. The old man hiad sworn to his bill, and little or no defence could he made. When'I paid the money I warned the oldl fel low. I told him he hail perjured himself. I predicted for him an unhnppty ending. About six months ago I was awakened at one o'clock in the morning by this samne old trader. It wis dark in my room. Just as plainly, as I can see you now he was there in life. IHe wakened me bycallingeumyuname. My partner was in bed it the sanme room just a few feet from me. I called him and told him of the visitor's presence. Ile said lie elld not see him and laughed at lme. lie tid me I was dreaming, and suggested that I gc to sleep. While we vwere talking the old trailder called me by name. lie said he had been mistaken about the ties, and offered to return me the money. The vision then vanished. l1y partner talked with me of the matter before we went to sleep again. The next mornig lihe told the story on me as a joke, but while we were at breakfast the news reached itus of the old tradler's death. lie had died within ten minultes of the time of his visit to lme. Ihave do idea how many more calls of the same character he had to make, but I am eatisticd his visit to me was the lastone. That story ,is true as holy writ, thle old mal conchcled. A distressing silence followed its telling and the party broke up before all recovered. Father (irascibly)-" Who's got my boot [lck 1" Cora (smiling archly-" The cat." SPeeuk. A Remau;rk;able Stroke of Llght ning. T.a Granite Falls Journal, hlinnesots, gives an account, by N. O. Carlo and Christian Olson, farmers, of Granite Falls, of the remarkable results of a stroke of lightning which struck the prairie about a mile and a halt from Olson's house. It occurred in June last during a heavy storm. They say it made a hole in the ground between five and six feet deep, and from this hole there extend six trenches two feet deep, branching off in different directions, and extending for a distance of from six to eight rode., And what was very singular, not a particle of the sod and dirt thrown from the bole and treneases was to be seen, except now and then a large piece of sod twonty or thirty rods away. Mr. Olson says that by actual measurement the ditchesplouphed out by the lightning from where it struck were all sf an equal distance apart; four of them were of the same length, and tile other two six feet shorter. The report is said to have been as "erriblo as if an explosion had occurred. A lady sitting at a window in a house a moil away sensibly felt tile shock; two men were sitting. outside another house a mile away from the scene, and so forcibly did they futl it that they immediately jumped to their feet and went into the honas without speakinve. -Mr. C. A. IBnnett, crhor of the Journal, .writes us that he vouches for the truthfulosse of the above, account. 