CHAPTER VII. NED JOYCE IN" A HEW CHAHAOTKK. A DAY OK STARTLING INCIDENTS. The next day waa destined to be one of tbe moat startling and varied events. In the first place tbe horrors seized upon the poor squatter in an aggravated and most terrible form, and the dootor waa at once sent for to Cooloomurra township, and on arrival, de clared that Mr. Macdonald had not three daye to live, for that opiate* would have no power over him, and he would die from the exh&UBtion; occasioned by battling with the imaginary fiends, and other shapes of terror that beset him. Two lusty, stockmen controlled him as well as they could, and they had to be constantly relieved by others, it required euch strength to bold him down, whilst his shrieks of terror could be heard even far away from the house. As for George Barrington, he wouldn't suffer him to be near him, and thus it was that the villainous young rascal, whilst wandering distracted about the house, Game to overhear what seemed to place position and fortune once more within his grasp. But we must go back a little, in order to render matters more easily understood. Just when Mr. Macdonald was at his worst, three mounted troopers arrived at Cooinda Station, in charge of a bushranger, whom they tati recently captured, and who had for long been a terror to those parts. They were on their way to Bathunt with him, in order to safely lodge biu in the gaol of that city, but the route was a long one, the bush townships ware few and far between, and they and their horses being both hungry and weary they had called at the Cooinda home station in passing for that rest and refresh ment which are never refused at such places under such circumstances. Tfety *<ste teiwivedby "Ned Joyoe, who, as overaocr, it nil |>fld his ofliofi thors ever sinco hiB master, owing toiis vicious indulgences, had been less able to get about than formerly, and in the crotohetty fidgettinesa occasioned thereby had also required, or thought that he -required, to see and consult with him much ?more frequently; for though Ned had (always pretended that he couldn't, write, he was a capital manager, and a remarkably shrewd man of business, even as many English mer chants were in the olden time, who couldn't so much as sign their names. . Why Eed affected to be unable to write the reader wih be able to guess in the course of a verv few minutes. , . , ifed seemed to be very much perturbed by the appearance of one of the visitors,_ who wot© on thd sleeve of his short blue tunio the .three chevrons of a sergeant, and who in turn had recognised him as an old acquaintance at ^ Celling' his two subordinates to take the bushranger outside, to guard him securely, and to shoot him if he made an attempt at escape, he, directly they had obeyed him, less the shooting, turned to the overseer with a cheery, " Well, my hearty, it don't seem to me long ago since we were mates in the chaingang at Cockatoo Island-you as a lifer, for perhaps the cleverest and most daring forgery ever per petrated. By George! your escape^was just as clever in its way. and made a-great stir amongst ms. I shouldn't wonder if even now the authorities would give a hundred guineas to know where you are at the present moment." "Ob, Adam, have mercy on me and don fc peach. I erred under great temptation Heaven alone knows how great-and ever since my escape, six years ago, 1 have tried to atone for the fault by leading an honest and a useful life. You are in a respectable position again, and I congratulate you, so for pity's arte do not envy poise or try to deprive me of. it, re- : joined Ned Joyce, with the great) beads of j mental agony coming out thick upon bis brow. ] "Yes, answered the sergeant, "I got a free pardon for informing the authorities of a murderous outbreak that my fellow yollow birds meditated, and then they gave me a situation in the force, on the old principle of eet a thief to catch a thief, you know. My ingenuity in that useful art has advanced me to the stripes, as you see, and I'm just think ing of what an extra feather in my cap it would be were I to take you off with me in company with that bushranging fellow." "Oh, mercy, mercy!" gasped Ned again, failing on his knees. "Are you man or devil? Do you forget how I nursed you in the prison hospital, wlien you were down with gaol fever, andno one else would volunteer for the duty t "Well, yea, I do remember thai," said the sergeant, interrupting himj "and as lit de serves some gratitude I'm ready to bestow it for, under the circumstances, a small price. Come, prick up your ears and listen to my terms. Sd shrewd a fellow as you are can get at your employer's chequebook, I make no doubt, and I'm still surer that you could fill up one for £300, and sign his name at the bottom of it in a band that he wouldn't know from his own; and also that in three days' time he won't) be in a condition to know it from his own, for thej tell me that by then he will be dead. Come, that cheque is the price of your freedom, and it'll be a safe enough job nnder the circumstances." It is painful enough to contemplate the writhingsof a worm upon a fish-hook, so we ; will not dwell upon the sufferings of a poor human creature just as oruelly and effectually impaled. Vain were his pleadings, lus prayers, his supplications. The sergeant was as inexorable asSbylock for his pound of flesh; and Mr. Macdonald, having no suspicion of a man who he believed couldn't write, had been ac customed to keep his chequebook in an un locked drawer in that veiy room which he had also frequently used to transact his own special business in. So, in the end, Ned Joyce purchased his free dom with the self-respect and honour whioh he had been Blowly winning back during the pre ceding half-dozen years, and an hour later, alter eating and drinking of the very best that Cooinda afforded, Sergeant Adams rode away with his bushranger prisoner and his two troopers, and with the £300-oheque in his pooket. and bis mind made up that as soon as ever he'd lodged his mail in Bathurst Gaol he'd get leave of absenoe, take Cobb's coach to Sydney, and cash it at the Bank of Australia before the news should reach eo far that the wealthy owner of Cooinda was dead or even dy"*-, The polioe hadn't taken their departure very long when George Barrington entered the room in whioh Ned Joyce still sat, staring-eyed and open-mouthed as thougha. ghost confronted him from an opposite corner, and closing the door, said to him quietly: "Ned, you've put yourself to some trouble to oblige a friend, and now you must put your self to a little more to oblige me. Before you refuse, allow me to inform you that yon key hole has served both my eye and my ear, and made ine acquainted with everything; the lesson to be learnt from which is that you are now every bit as much iu my power as in this sergeant's," and eo sayine he sat down and indulged in a pleasant-sounding little laugh. Ned Joyce didn't plead for mercy from George Barrington-perhaps he knew that it would not be any good; or, again perchance he had lost as much self-respect as he had to lose. . Be that as it may, he simply rejoined "The gauie seems to be jours, Master George, so if you think" that I'm the winning card in your I hand play me as you will." "Spoken like a good sensible fellow," laughed the young reprobate. "I'll tell you pat and plain how the matter stands. My generous benefactor made a will just after his i son went away, givine me everything, audi hope you don't mean to deny that a man has a ! rignt to do what he likes with his own ?" " Certainly not. It would be very unfair if he couldn't." " Then I hope you don t xuean to assert that a man is accountable for his actions when he's ' wad ?" '.I don't assert or deny anything. I only want to know what you expect me to do 1" "Just to rewrite out the will whioh my generous benefactor made in my favour when e knew what be was about, and destroyed | when he didn't, and which bequeathed . to me everything that he possessed. I have the i testimony of others that you can imitate his | signature so well that even he himself wouldn't know it from his own, and the witnesses were [ Joe Day and Bob Andrews, whose signatures you will be sure to find at the foot of the filed reoeipts for their last quarter's wages." "Was the will read out to them before they witnessed it, do you know V "Not a word of it. Twas folded down, and they only saw the attestation clauses opposite to which they had to write their names." " And this was some nine months ago, just after MastBr Dan went away !" "Within a week of his departure, and the will gave me everything, catting him off with » drilling. It didn't fill half a page of foolscap, and was so simple that any one could manu facture a similar one." " Any one with Some experience that way! suppose you mean?" "No, I mean any one without such ex perience. There is a book called " Every Man's Own Lawyer" on yonder shelf. He took his form out of that. Lookout the title Wills, and you will find the page turned down to that special form, so that yon need not be a word out. Stay, though, you may add half a dozen lines to the original, something after this manner-'And I give and bequeath to my overseer, Edward Joyce, as token that I appre ciate his six years of most faithful service the sum of £300, to be paid out of my personal estate.' There, old fellow, that'll oonvince you that I ain't one of the mean sort, added to which, a month after my benefactor's decease, 1 shall raise your Balary to the extent of £20 a year." " You are generous, and I owe you my best thanks," said Ned Joyce, with an expression in his face that looked like gratified greed if it looked like anything, and so George Barring ton read it, construing it to mean that the overseer was bound tightly to his interests. "You may rely on me, "Ned now said, "for you hare bought me when you might have sold me. Have no fear but that when the lawyer comes from Cooloomurra to read the will, for I presume that you will go in for the usual formula, one shall be ready for hid that he will be able to find no flaw in, so allow me to congratulate the presently new proprietor of Cooinda upon his truly magnificent posses sions." And rising to his feet, Ned Joyce made the scheming young scoundrel as humble an obeisance as even Uriah Heep oould have managed to get out of his most pliable shoulders and backbone. Directly he had quitted the office, however, the overseer's expression and manner under went a great change, and almost rushing to one of the many drawers that the room con tained he tore it violently open, and took there out one of the many reams of foolscap paper that had only arrived the previous day from Sydney. Opening the packet with trembling fingers, he was presently holding up a sheet of paper to the light, and no sooner had he done so than he muttered to himself " I will foil him yet. 1 will make them believe me whether they like it or not. Thank heaven I need not for long continue so mean and contemptible a thing aB I felc myself to be half an hour ago, when I purchased my freedom with yet another crime. Let me but accomplish this one thing to my satisfaction, and they may send me back to Cockatoo Island as soon as they like-aye, as soon as they like-though it is a perfect helloD earth," and the overseer sank back half-f ainting into a ohair. 