Ce ,oberuiser. .. -_______ -- r '" INDlPENDENT." FRIDAY,SEPTEMBEB lOut, 1892. LAWV AND MEDICINE. . c THE.Nofth Melbmurne Council'should have had.enough of legal expenses lately, I and the iteni of"£45 3e. paid to three doctors in connection with consultations, examinations, and attendance at Court in connection with the case of O'Donnell I versus the Towon of North Melbourne, which appears among the accounts re commended for payment by the Finance Committee in this week's notice paper, is not a very pleasant pill for the Coun- c cil to have to swallow. Whatever the t equities of a case may be, it is well known that juries sympathize with in dividuals rather than with corporations, and, where the former make out any sort of case at all, will promptly award him fat damages, on the assumption that the defendant bank, council, or any other corporate body, has "plenty of money," I and can well afford to bestow a hand some solatium on the sufferer by their neglect. Therefore it bcehoves coun cillors to be extra solicitous about "setting their house in order," with a view to possible lawsuits,'ending in defeat and expense for them as public representatives of the ratepayers; and it is far better to spend a few pounds in removing obstacles on roadways, or filling up. holes, than to have to swell the in comes of lawyers and their clients. The piling up of medical evidence at the case quoted availed the North Melbourne Council nothing, and they had better occupy their time looking for other "stumbling blocks" with a view to their removal rather than periodically endow the two "learned professions," the names of which appear at the head of this article. A deputation from the Flemington and Kensington Council consisting of the Mayor (Cr. Durham), and Ore. Prout, Davis, and Pridham, waited on the Railway Commis sioners on Tuesday, to ask that a bridge should be constructed over the railway line at Arden Street, in order to make provision for the traffic. They pointed out that the bridge was very baEly Sequired, and would prove of great con venience to that portion'of the borough. The Commiseioners, in response, said that in the present stagnant condition of affairs, it was impossible to make any promises of undertaking works which there was a very remote prospect of carrying out. The coat of the bridge would probably amount to about £3000, and, in any case, the local Council would have to share in the cost. The deputa tion next urged that the fares should be reduced to the old scale, as the Essen don line was one of the beet paying in the colony. The Commissioners pro Smised to favourably consider this matter. "Highly 'commended," was the un solicited compliment paid our energetic townemsm, Mr. U. A. Atkin, at the close of the recent Agricultural Show, for his rinowned Quinine Wine.. The sanmples were not placed for exhibition, but so impreseed were the judges with the quality a of the manufacture, that they in fairness accorded Mr. Atkin his due. It certainly th reflects the highest credit on this gentle man when, unexpectedly, experts casuolly a sampling an exhibit which is placed for showwonly, award it the highest honorary 1 mention. At present Mr. Atkin holdeat the field against all comers. Cr. T. Caine, the newly-elected coun- at cillor for the Eastern Ward, took his seat £ at the North Melbourne Council table on Mondwv last, after signing the usual declaration. Cr. Fogarty said Or. Caine had been a councillor 18 years ago, and he was glad to see him back again in his former sphere of activity. The North Melbourne Board of Advice is at present, it appears, practically useless p -one or two members having resigned ri and others gone to live in another suburb The board is legally existent, having the re required number of members, but, as a matter of fact, if a meeting was snmeoned it is pretty well certain that a quorum could at not be obtained. However, save in the matter of authorizing prosecutions under fe the Truancy clause of 'the Education Act, t, there appears little practical work for the above-named body to undertake-at any vi rate, just at present. A circular to the heads and sttff of al P educational establishments has been issued by Mr. L. \V. Hart, professor of photo- st graphy at the Working Men's College, intimating that when the names of twelve students have been received, a class will be opened on Satcrday, at the College, from 10.30 till 12 a.m. Tire term, which l-enists of ten-lcsons, will include all the. l necessary information for successfully in- at corporating tihe art as an educational ci means. The syllabus is a most excellent er one, and any person wishing to join can do so by applying to Mr. Hart, 5 Aflleck if Street, South Yarra. 31 The induction of the Rev. A. J. Wado, w formerly of Rosedalo, to the pastorate of the Union Memorial Church, North Mel 1 bourne, will take place on Friday evening, 23rd inst. The following Sunday the above gentleman will preach his initiatory 6er mone, and on Thursday, the 29th, a public ti congregational welcome will be accorded to Mr. Wade, in the ahape of a tea-meeting in the North MelbournoTown Hall. Those who had the pleasure of hearing the new pastor, speak of his preaching in terms of admiration, and under his mornistry the Presbyterian Church at North Melbourne e should make both general and spiritual P progress. TheNorthMelbonrneCouncil,o n3.,nday at evening, appointed Mr.J. Kearney to act as valuer for the ensuing municipal year, at d a remuneration of £50, with £10 extra n allowance for clerical assistance and inci- ft dental expenses, a Recently the North Melbourne police 81 have brought several women before tihe Iccal bench on a charge of vagrancy, and in many instances they have been arrested n in tumble-down hovels, in various parts of the town. It is one of tire drawbacks of iI this suburb, that it has within its area a V number of wretched tenements which are o an eyesore, and often form an abode for idle people, who live in squalor and ti wretchedness from year to )ear. The a Council now and then condemn a house as n "unfit for human habitation," but it would b appear before they can legally do thii, the t tenement must be pretty well in tho last stages of decay, and so many erections of a n ricketty and miserable nature escapo the municipal ban. The only remedy would I1 seem to be more stringent building regula tions, and a continued vigilance on the part of the police as to the behaviour of I1 the abandoned class residing in the town. c It is quite true that the depraved and vicious must live somewhere, but, judging from the scenes in some of the lanes and rights-of-way, It is evident that North Melbourne hbs more than its share of the scourings of the motropolis. I Flemington has a ghost as well as Eluterniick and Esseedon. Last week it suddenly appeared before several females and nearly frightened them into fits. It is about 8 feet in height, and shrouded in spectral white. Although "the ghost" isn very good at frightening timid women and children, it apparently has a great aversion to the male sex, as notwithstanding the a fact of several justly incensed citizans diligently seeking it at all hours of the night, the ghost has not walked. The Railway Department have notified the Essendon Town Council that the commissioners will take into consideration the request to restore the original time I ttl?e and rate of fares on the Eseondon line. The agitation raised against the increase of fares is therefore likely to have a satisfactory result. The comps. f tition with the trans has no doubt made the commissioners see their short-righted policy, and that a return to the old scale of fares will in the end prove far more remunerative to the department. Some of the Essendon ratepayers are mean enough Ito try and use the lawn I tennis court without paying the annual subscription of 10s. They may have a legal right, but certainly no moral right to i do so, and for the sake of tire members who are, it is stated, proevented from play ing in consequence of the interlopsre, it is to be hoped that Or. Dangerfieldd sag gestion to give the clob permissivo oc copancy of the ground, will be adopted. a On Wednesday morning a number of men gathered in front of the North tisll bourne Town Hall, awaiting engagement as stone breakers. It would seem from this that there is still a great many people in the I town who are out of work, but it is to be hoped thIe summer weather will ase an increased demand for rural labour, and a consequent absorbing of a portion of the unemployed of the city and suburbs. The services at the Union Mlemorial Church, Northl Melbourne, on Sunday laet, were conducted by the Rev. Mr. Neville, a recent arrival from Forfaraehire, Scotland. The rev. gentleman preached two scholarly discourses, which were attentively listened to by his congregations. The United Conference held at Geolong this week has been a great success. Largo numbers have been present at the many meetings, and altogether a "good timeo' has been enjoyed. The Oanferenc will close to-morrow. Emp!oy6 Gleeeon, whose case formed the subject of a leader in a recent issle, has, owing to his late discreditable conduct, been disrated. Our pungent remarks evi dently had tie desired effect, as the Council's notice paper states that the comrmittee-the mayor in thre mneantime putting on Glee.on, who had been dis missed the service, at lO0. per day--"unani. mously" resolved to pay him 8s. per day, and reduce Gleeson's position, with a rider tlat if he were again inebriated,dismissal would follow. The monthly meeting of Union Memo rial Sabbath School Band of IIope, Elm Street, will be held this evening, at 7.30 p.m., when Mr. J. W. Meaden, from the Band of Hope Union, will give an interest ing address, followed by singing and reciting. All are cordially invited. This evening the half-yearly concert in connection with the Parkville Literary and Debating Society, will take place in tirhe hall, GatehouseStreet. A programme of special merit has been arranged. The North Melbourne Cricket Club held their annual ball in the Town Hall last Snight. The .nttendance was good, and a moat enjoyable evening's dancinog was Sexperienced. Thie music was supplied by Robb's band, and thie catering arrange ments undertaken by C. Stralker. Tihe Schairman, IMr. G. Carter, and the secretary, Mr. E. E. Bean, with the committee, did all in their power to contribute to the Spleasure of a roost successful gathering. S An appeal case, IV?ite r. Stricklard, , woas dealt with by theoSupreme Court on d Wednesday last. The appellant had been *fined by the North Melbourne Bench for Sfurious driving, proceedings being initiated -by Constable Strickland. HIe appealed, Sandl the hiigher court held that the magis I- trates convicted on meagrgp evidence, and r. quashed their decision. 