TWICE LOST. A TALE OF LOVE AND FORTUNE. BY RICHARD BOWLING. CHAPTER III— AIuscpvY-PLACB. Although one side of Aluscovy-plaoc is formed by tho great Furham-road, tlio plaoo itself ia as quiet as tho square of a small pro vincial town. On three sides it has no oncning. The rear of it is built at tho edge of tho river, so that the buck wall of tho Orrs' house stood at tho inner limit of the foreshore, and the base was twice daily covered several foot by the Thames. Over the ground floor, consisting of sido door, witli hall, shop, back parlor, and kit chen, rose two floors, each of three rooms, the back ones looking 011 the busy river. No one lived in the house but Edith and hot in valid mother, who a year before had suffered from a paralytic seizure, and was now un able to movo about without a stick, or tlio assistance of counter, or chair, or table. »Sho was well enough to sib in the shop and attend chance customers, whose visits were lament ably few. She could rise and stand by tlio counter, and movo toilfully up and down between it and the fixtures : but the chief weight and responsibility of the shop and the house lay on Edith, her only child. Tho death of Charles Orr, husband of tlio Dandy tic and father of Edith, had left the women in very preearious circumstances, IJo had not been a practical business man. He had been given to dreaming and inventions, lie had indulged scientific aspirations and ambitious wide of commercial intent. He did not despise money. He simply never : thought of money at all. Ilia neighbors ill Aluseovy-plaue had a kind of pride in him, because ho was not mercenary or worldly wise. They thought it a pity a man of his fifts and knowledge should bo lost in 'urhain. They hail a notion he would be invaluable at the Greenwich Observatory, and that he might have made a creditable Astronomer Royal if luck hud been on his aide. But his attainments were not so great as the neighbors supposed, and luck is never on the side of such a man. When he died, two years before J enters' first visit to the shop, three hundred pounds came in to the widow from a life insurance. In addition to this there wore a few pounds in tiie local bank, the stock-in-trade of little worth, and the business — of small value at any time, and almost of no value at all to a. couple of women. Some of the insurance money had to be paid in debts and expenses. Mrs. Orr was then an active woman. The malady from which she now suffered did nob fall upon her until a year after her husband's death. The business in Aluscovy-place had a modest connection, and, for a time, more work came in unsolicited at the door than had ever been wooed across the threshold by the dead proprietor. But Mrs. Orr was shrewd enough to know this briskness of trade arose out of sympathy with her fresh widowhood, and that in time it would die away, and the business would not only sink back to its old level, but fall below it, so far below it by-and-by that it would not bo enough to keep a roof over Edith nnd herself. She knew enough of the business to sell articles in the shop, but all the orders and repairs had to be given out, and she did not feel equal to coping with artificers. For a time she tried, but mistakes were made by the workmen, and thefts wore committed, and after a while she took the advice of a friend and set herself to look out for a manager. The great difficulty in finding a manager was there was so littlo to manage that the pay must bo very small. In fact it would not be sufficient to keep a man altogether So after a while she began to despair of find ing any man who could and would fill tlio position at a salary tlio business could afford. At last, and when she was seriously think ing" of giving up the struggle, someone brought word that a certain man, named John Crane, who lived at the other side of the river, and was just beginning business there on his own account in the same line, had said that if Mrs. Orr did nob want his services exclusively, if she could in fact go on as she was now going, and let the order and repairs and bespoko work pass through Jiis hands, lie would be glad to undertake the office at a small salary, or on any other terms which would suit the widow. Plainly this was the very person for her. When he called she saw a man of medium height, square build, and modest in de meanor. Ho had brown hair and brown eyes and brown beard, and in all the brown there was a warm tone, though no absolute suggestion of red. His years might have been a couple at either side of 30. Ho had not much to say. His eyes were quick and intelligent. Ho seemed to take in all he saw at once, and to have 110 need of further looking. He lived at North Furhain, on the other side of the Thames, between which and Furhum (never called South Furham except officially and for emphasis) and had been only a short time in business. John Crane's terms were moderate. He would call at Musoovy-placn twice every day, take away what work he found, and bring it back done. Nothing could be more satisfactory. Airs. On felt greatly relieved. »She thought the business might now be kept 011 indefi nitely. for ever— till she died, or till Edith married. Until Edith married." That was a thought often in Airs. Orr's mind, before and after her husband's death. Edith was, of course, quite young, only 20, at the time of her father's death, and Airs. Orr was never auxioua then, as now, that her daughter should leave Muscovy-place. The widow was a woman of common sense, which had found littlo exercise during the lifetime of her husband, for no one in tlio world ever had any influence over that erratic man. His wife was lovol-licadcd, and saw witli clear sight. »She saw as clearly as the most indifferent stranger that her daughter had beauty of face and figure and gay and sprightly gifts of mind and manner, which would win her a dozen eager suitors any summer's day. At 20 the girl's beauty was the wonder of all who saw it, and friends marvelled how Airs. On had been able to keep her daughter so long. Iu confidence Mrs. Orr had said to a crony, belorc her husband's death, 44 The fact is, I don t think Edie has any more thoughts of marriage, orja sweetheart even, than a new born baby; and, of course, as you may fancy, I aui in no hurry she should leave us for any man. She is the sunshine of our house and lives." That talk of Airs. Orr's had taken place more than two years since, before tho girl's beauty hud grown so full and regal as it was now. .Since then the head of the house had died, ami the mother had become an invalid ; and the outlook of mother und daughter had in no way improved — hail, in fact, become materially worse ; but still Edith Orr showed no sign of umrrvnig. During her husband's lifetime Airs. Orr would not have been particularly anxious about tho moans possessed by a suitor of Edith's, so long as the young man's charac ter was satisfactory, his prospects fair, and her daughter loved him. Now, tho financial possessions of a wooer would be more im portant : for it was not at all likely tlio business would prosper ; and if it failed, and Edith did not marry, what was to become of both of them I or if the business failed, and Edilu was married to a poor man, what was to become of herself — old, helpless, para lysed ? These thoughts wero in the storeroom of Airs. Orr's mind. They were never even once shown to her daughter, and for nil tlio mother knew of the present condition of that daughter s heart, the art of love might never have been invented, theeeremony of marriage had no more to do with the present age than the flint arrow heads of the cave men. But although Airs. Orr kept her own counsel, she had thoughts in her mind about Edith. This young man, John Crane, had been coming about the business twice daily for some time. He seemed steady nnd in dustnous. lie wasn't a very line or a very handsome man, but there was a look of great firmness about him. He spoke little, too little she thought. There might be a want of openness about him, but when he did speak no one could mistake his meaning, and ho always gave tho impression of a person who kuew Ins own imnd. Now this young man could not have seen Edith so often without being struck by tho girl's surprising beauty. He had never been in this little back sittingroom. But even in the shop, in the humdrum business inter views between the throe, lie could not miss observing her gay sprightliness of manner, and the charms of her rich, fanciful mind. If John Crane should take a liking to Edie, and Edie should take a like to him, all pre- Bent difficulties would bo solved in a most reasonable and satisfactory way. Young Crane's business and tlio Aluseovy- plneo business could be amalgamated, and they could all hve together. The scheme was not 1 romantic one, and there was a time, when she, ns a mother, seeing the extraordinary loveliness ot her Edie growing from day to day, itreamed dreams of the future triumphs and splendors of iier child. But Edie had no thought of conquest or taste for it, and affairs wore now in such a precarious condition that j the mother would hail with thankfulness and : joy any symptoms of approach between tlio j two young people. ! But- there was no sign of any such inelina- i tion. Tho young people seemed quite indif- fcrcnt to one another. They were not even friends. Indeed Airs. On in In-r tic-pair began lo think her daughter would never , take more interest in any partieubi r man ; than she did in tho first who might pus Wong the great Furham-road at the top of . the I'Ja.rr. Of these matters which were in I ho widow's mind never in word or action did slit: give: M»y hint iu Edith. In a way she stood ainiid : ' be girl. Never had Ihlio shown temper ' >%r displaced aptitude for resentment. She in all oidinn ry mailer.; a; free and open as tho day. But Airs. Orr knew that her daughter hod regions of thought reserved inviolably from even her mother. Tho mother was fully persuaded that though 110 cloud of sccrcsy or silence had over appeared between them," nevertheless there was an Edith Orr private and apart, of whom tlio mother hail 110 more knowledge than the heroines of tho next generation. It was doiibtful to Airs. Orr if the daughter herself knew of this Edith Orr who dwelt so far remote from the bright and lino and gay and sprightly and debonair girl moving about the shop in Muscovy-place, and scorning so open and free and business like witli this young man, John Crane. Of one thing concerning this unknown Edith On the widow was fully certain. If the time of revelation ever came nothing base or mean or unworthy would he found in that lonely spirit. Although Mrs. Orr had never ventured to say a word to Edith about marriage, and although she hardly dared to own to herself she was solicitous about the matter, shortly after the death of her husband, she did one tiling in the line of procuring a husband for her daughter. The House in Aluscovy-placc, although small, was too large for the family, and far too large for their shrunken means, after losing the earnings of the husband. She talked the matter over with her daughter, who seemed scarcely interested, and in tho end put up a bill in tho shop window with : I'urniHiiea apartments lo no let. -'\ppiy within" 011 it. From the day that bill aj»- pcarcd no one had ever rented the lodgings, no one had ever walked upstairs to sen tho rooms. No one had ever even asked about them. Airs. Orr had tlioughtthat some nice young man might take the drawing-floor, as it was called, and that by-and-by lie might take tlio landlady's lovely daughter. But 110 ray of hope had shone upon this mild design of the widow's. Tiie bill remained in the window still: but the hopc3 which prompted its exhibition had died long ago. To the great joy aiid amazement of Airs. Orr tiie very day after Frank J'eators left his watch to have a new glass and new hands put in it the widow let her rooms, and to a young man who in appearance and manners far out shone anyone she hud in her most sanguine dreams pictured as a lodger. CHARTER IV.— St. Vincknt Black. It was the apparition of a white figure at the water-door that made Frank Jcatcra fling up his arms and utter that cry of horror. Was this the spirit of his dead wife come back already from the murderous depths of the dreadful river which had killed her father and of which she had stood in such mortal dread ? dealers dropped his arms, and for a moment stood open-mouthed, spellbound iu tho dense darkness of the great hail. He was not bv any means a superstitious man, but beyond all doubt a female figure, which looked like a shrouded figure, shone white in the muffled moonlight at the doorway. His wife was not in her bedroom nor in the sittingroom. Of her own frco will and in her full senses she would not dream of going near tho river. She would keep as far as possible from tho water, of which she entertained a morbid dread. If in his absence and her solitude she had been seized by frenzy, she might have flung herself into the Thames, the attraction of repulsion exercising its fatal fascination on the downfall of her reason. On the first wild glance at the figure, aud in the first flash of thought, ho had 110 other solution of the manifestation in the door way than that the mind of his unfortunate wife had given way under her loneli ness and the proximity of the river slio so Ioathcdj that she had rushed upon her doom into the very water which had made her life intolerable, and that her spirit had coinc back to tell him of her fate, and — since spirits know all tilings — reproach him for worshipping at another shrine, reproach him for tiring of her so soon, reproach him for wishing to be rid of a sick wife, reproach him for desiring her death, reproach him for bringing her to live in this awful vast lonely house, damp with tho deadly and gravclike dampness of desuetude, and hard by the river which had more terrors for her than all other evil forces in heaven or earth, reproach him for devis ing this lodging in the half-formed hope it would hasten her away— into tho grave. But the next instant all these thoughts were darkened and swept away in a mist by tiic certainty that this was not the ghost but the living body of his wife. Tho figure of the woman crossed the threshold and came slowly up the hall. He was enabled to see so much by the dull blue light of a clouded moon. What could she be doing there and in such a garb? In all tho time he knew licr he had never found her out in any deceit, oven the most trifling. She was silly he knew too well, but she had never once, so far as he had discovered, deliberately misled him as to her likings and antipathies. He was not unpre pared for her fainting to-day in the hall. It was perfectly consistent with her weak mind and frail body that she should swoon. But nothing ooulcl be more unexpected of her than that she should simulate the horror of tiie Thames thou displayed by her. 44Pollio!" he whispered, without moving from wiicrc lie stood m tnc iiaruness. She came slowly up the hall. "Polite," lie said, in a louder whisper. She made no response. She held her slow deliberate way as though he had not spoken, as though lie were not there. Of course, he knew she could not see, but she could hear him. "Pollic!" he said, a third time, now with his full voice. She made in word or movement no re sponse. All at once a thought struck him. She was now almost in the middle of the hall, close to the laneway of light that issued from the open bedroom door. He stooped his body, drew himself together and began approaching her with stealthy steps — with elaborate precautions against malcing noise. When she entered the laneway of light at tlio riverside, lie was 011 the other side of it. Ho was bent nearly double. His eyes were fixed witli an awful look upon her face. She turned towards the bedroom door with soft, slow, deliberate step. He noticed that her footfall made no sound, lie glanced down at her feet. They were naked ; bare to tlio chill marble of the floor. He looked up at her face. Her eyes were open ! Yes, there could bo no doubt of it now. Pollio was walking in her sleep. The fasci nation of tlio terrible river had followed her into unconsciousness, and she was moving through that vast, lonely house by night in the mindless trance of a somnambulist. lie straightened himself and watched her as she walked up that lane of light towards tho bedroom door. He watched her enter tiie bedroom. He saw her turn and shut tlio door. When the door was shut he was alone in the dark. He did not move from where he stood. He folded his arms across his chest aud stood rigid in the great black hollow hall. His wife had never before, so far as he L-7icw. shown Hvmntoms of somnambulism. How did this now malady affect hot case? How would this new malady affect her life? How would this new infirmity or anything llw.t jMiiflib come of it afiect him? Mow would tins new infirmity of hers n-flecb her life 111 tins lonely, deserted, unvisited house, which hung over tiic Thames — the river Thames, from which she bad a morbid aversion in her waking hours, towards which she was drawn by the inscrul- !ib)f> magnetism 01 perverted loathing in her sleep. Ho relaxed his arms, and crept towards the great river door that stood open at the lower cud of the hall. There was stealth in his stop, in tlio way he carried his body, in his mind. He did not define Ids thought to himself. To go to the cml of the luill and look out upon the river was a harmless act, yet in performing it he moved as if ho wero afraid— as if lie were afraid of detection— as if he were a criminal. Afraid of what ? Afraid of discovering to himself his own thought's— thoughts, or rather intimations of thoughts that might arise hereafter, or that might arise in tho mind of someone else. Yes, that was really what occupied his mind for the past few minutes, though he had not been able to give form to it just now. He harl unawares been trying to think what might ariso in another man's miiul respecting the sleep wanting ne inui wuuuuseu 111 wiu hall a few moments since. When Jcatcra bad arranged this explana tion with himself his manner lost much of ita stealth. He traversed the lower part of tlio great hall towards the water door with more assured tread, and though there was still tlio appearance of apprehension and watchfulness iu his munnei, lie was less furtive, more bold. When he reached the water door he paused a 1110111011'.. Beyoud the door projected a wide balcony, and under the balcony lay the great water arch, beneath which boats could at all times of tide reach a tiny harbor below the hall of t he hotel. .1 eaters stopped out on Mm balcony and for a lit t le while stood looking up and down the river and examining the balcony so far as he could see iu the flat vague light of the clouded moon. (To be continued.) 