EXTRACT OF KKtt d . The Shall of Persia bag a. pine worth £80,C00. Two littlr boy* at Wellington poisoned by eating seeds of the castor oil plant. "One died in great agony £ I he otber is in a precarious condition. Mr. Edison's name is always one to conjure with. We are told lie has been lately turning bis whole attention to electric nilways, and that lie has neatly -developed a system by winch he will be able to attain a speed of 300 miles an hour. The truthfnl chronicler, however, relieves as by stating that for the present K1 r. Edison does not intend to have the electric trains run at more than half that speed. He is reported to etate that between one and two pounds o( coal will do its ratio for 100 miles an hour as easily as ai pounds of coal do GO -miles on existing locomotives. A drawn same the result of the three days matrh between Englishmen (IS) and 20 of the junior players competing for Boyle and Scott's cup. Scores:—England, 1st innings, 116; second do., 155. Juniors, 1st innings, 131; second do., 16 wickets down for 105. Dr. W. G. Gnu* dean bowled in first innings for a angle, and in second innings ran oat for a "4«k." J. D. Edwards, of the Melbourne Cricket Club (and formerly of Bendigo C.C.C.), compiled 61 and SI against KyneCon IS on Tuesday. It i» understood that the Pastoral ists AssocUjioa at Barcald iue have adopted a scheme for the rotation of (hearing all over the colony of Queensland, by which the work would lie ox tended over a period of seven or eight months. An all Nations' Teg of War to be commenced at Bqyal Hall, Bendigo, on 8th pros. Victorian cricketers defeated New Sooth Wales by an innings and 15 runs. As an illnminsnt gas is oat of the field. Only 10 per cent, of illinnimtiw fnmtgu- H'ben AICSN KnaAcrfag coven LDDto replace the light shut oat. amounts to farariy thirty millions of cnbic feet. The lord Brassey, a large —fling ship, tmilt by the Grangemouth Dock Company for the Australian trade, haa four masts, and the height from the mater line to the truck of the highest is 187 loet- The North Waiimnpa Babbit Board (NX) bare decided to spend £100 in the importation of ferrets. Canary seed becoming a popular food for bones, cattle, and poultn, in the old country. Mrs. Bernard Reete will sail for Australia at the end of January. A song heard near a hive: " Bee it ever so humble, there's no place like comb." Wife (11.30 p.m.): " What's that horrible odor? Smells like alcohol." Husband: " Yes. my dear, we ose alcohol at the lodge for Initiations, Take -ome alcohol, light it, pot some salt in the flame, and it gives a ghastly yellcw light—makes folks look like ghosts, yon know." Wife: "But that odor comes from your breath." Husband : " Yes, my dear—in the thirty-seventh degree I personate the chief demon with the flames coming from his mouth. I take a mouthful of alcohol and a swallow of salt, and then set fire to it. Bat, m'dear, yon mustn't tell these things. Secret s'ciety. Secrete very sacred, you know." A phenomenal rainfall at Townsville on Monday—19J inches in 24 boors. The Penny cabs ftt Korth Mdbovw coo> veyed 100,000 passengers to the North Melboot tie during the past m months. The Dowager Lady de Bo, who died on the 19th January, aged 96, was present at the historical ball at Brussels on the night before Waterloo. She is believed to have survived every officer, if nut every man. who fought on that memorable field. The Rev. C. H-Spurgeoo is again serioudy ill. The second of the three matches to be played between Lord Sheffield's team end Combined Australia will be cotnmcnced at Sydney to-day. Five supreme court judges at home declare that they cannot find the assemblies and procesaoua of the Salvation Army to be unlawful, and have quashed recent decisions against them. The influenza epidemic spreading with alarming rapidity and virulence in Engla&d.; Eight steamers stuck up between Swan Hill and Mildura, owing to the low state of the Murray. Schmidt Mitchell, the well- known weightlifter, at the Athletic Hall,' London, raised 6601 ba. (u inches fratn the ground I "•trottiHtaja leuutd medal. Special train of the Australian Natives' Asauaatiou from Bendigo to Melbourne on Mimday, with nearly 1000 escnraioaista. One of Edison's latest inventions will be exhibited at the next electric exhibition at St. Peteiblmrg. and will consist of a speaking watch. The dial is made to represent a faumsn farr. and the interior contains a phonograph. The mouth opens and tells the bonis, the half-hour*, and the quarters in a strikingly human voice. Itcan aim be set at a particular boor in the morning to remark several times running; "It is time to get up !" I THE NUMSOU. Paras.—The excellence nf tbe countiy newspaper (says " Texas Sittings") is one of the best evidences of the general prosperity of the town in which itis' published. If the printing office of any town tarns oat a dirty, slovenly, ill-printed sheet, yon can make up your mind that the matur in the paper is in keeping with its get-up, and that the people of the ton are in keeping with the paper that represents them. Every copy of the Iocs] paper should be an advertising circular for the town. It should be bright, dean, and clearly printed, newsy and interesting, even to an entire stronger, into whose hands it might falL To enable the editor to get out such a paper be subscribe and the merchants ahookPadvertiBe liberally: for is not the paper the only link, that binds them to the world in general, and keeps them from dropping into oblivicm * Who ever hears of a town which has no local paper-; The world haa DO knowledge of its existence, its inhabitants gi ope ID darkness, and depend upon |in—fp and slander for their edification and amassment. A g'tod. first-class local paper is better than a boom in real estate. On firm Gathxbcm.—A bap ahark waa caught In Port Jackson on Saturday bf MM fishermen, and while towing theuprise Into the harbor asrersl reUSna er friends of the defunct leviathan, - who as "sea lawyers" would appear to ba« obtained a writ of ** habeas corpus." otrmuwady endeavored, tu make rr and they became wo coonicaously ^'en evidence" that therfifiHnra j&tanythini; intcmnfortabfe.. ^Oncpei^tfa^deoasaed it was found thatlaa last fAmmf hooriim" vere dggsand^p^g. *• • s.<~ 