Topics, The public of Parramatta haye no doubt suflerod from the nuisance poured into the rivor from the Gaol, and it is not at all surprising to hear that the Gaol has suffered by a fow of the chickens coming home to roost. The Depart ment of 'Justice' woefully belies its name, and, in common with other Departments, wants turning insido-oul. The prisoners in the Parramatta Gaol should petition to be released, on Iho grounds that, not having been sentenced to death, tho Depart ment is not justified in koeping them locked up in a Typhcid Incubate The new tariff will add about £100 to the drug expenses of the Parramatta Friendly Societies Medical Institute. Many sound Pro teotionists of a few weeks ago are now the most rabid Freetraders. The ether day a Parra matta business man went down to his ware house to ask about the increased prices. 'Io'm a Fhraethrader,' heyelled. ' What's changed your conviction!) ? ' queried the merchant. ' Mo pockhot,' he replied. * Thero was a bit of a sensation on the old racecourse in the Park last Tuesday. Sergeant Megarvey received word that something very much like a desetted baby was wrapped up in a bag. The force wns despatched to enquire into the mystery, and, accompanied by some excited neighbours, sallied forth lo investigate. With great; .solemnity the bag was ripped open before tho trembling and indignant people, when, to their great astonishment, a dead body dropped out — a dead body with its head hacked off— the dead body of. an old goose. This is not the first time tho1 Ser geant has been put on to a dead bird on a racecourse; . ? ? ' We notioe that the Rookwood Reformatory buildings cost the country for their erection £19,132, oxolusive of the cost of land, and that it require-i £800 per annum to keep tho gardens aud buildings in order. Thia is splendid, especially when it is considered that liome of those highly paid Civil servants plunder tho garden and orchard ; instead of allowing the crops to be Bent to market and sold to reduce tho expenses of this particularly white elephant. Our friend Giles is getting into hot water already in Sydnoy. The late Parramatta P.M. has been blustering in his own peculiar style and telling witnesses they are porjured liars, Mr. Rose brought Giles's conduct before the House, but the Speaker thought the mattor should come up in another way. The moro that is seen of our late P.M. the worse for himsolf. He should have confined himsolf to bullying some hoodlums out in the black blocks. Who are tho brainless idiots, now, Mr. Giles? * * Alfred McFarland, after countloss yoars as a Pistiict Court Judge, retires the other day for the purposo of getting through the Insolvency Court. Ho should havo been appointed Judge in Bankruptcy. At all events thero would bo a bit of the export about him. rho bankrupt said that he proposed to pay his creditors £300 a year for four yoars, and they all teemed satisfied with the arrangement. * * Ho had been talking with St Peter, and was sent down to tho other gate, whero he was warmly welcomed. ' AVhy are you here ? ' asKed tho fallen angol who stood guard. ' I don't know,' ho roplied. ' I never did any wrong. I never said an unkind word about a person in my life.' Then tho angel smiled. 'That's all right,' he said. 'Come in. You will find the oago for thu hypocrites at tho end of tho lower corridor, next to the furuaco.' Wo have a lot. of that kind of meek humility round hero. *. * It is marvellous what will excite tho betting propensities of some men at tto present day. Two fel'ows recently made a wager of £100 that they would ihrow down a bag containing £1000 in bank notes at the crossing of Georgo street by tho Town Hall, Sydney, and a chou s»nd people should pass it without picking it up in ono hour. The bag, a small canvas ono, was dropped at a quirter past 7 in the evening, and tho passers were counted to the number of a thousand. None picked it up, although several kicked it and struck at it with their sticks. Tho owners then picked it up and won their wager. Candidate for aldermanio bonois at Rook wood : ' I am not in favour of pigs. I am in favour of peoplo boing allowed to keep two goats.' One man two goats. Tho old orango-treo iu front of Mr. R. Gee's at Central Colo, which is over 80 years of ago, and has grown to a tremendous height, has this y^ar borne a great crop of fruit. It is bo licvcd to be the oldest tree at prosent bearing in the colony. » ?' Two sisters road the Lightning Cyrusian !' Thus a rudygoro poster on the walls this woek. As a friend says, this is the first timo on re cord that our senile contempoiury has had tho pluok to take the public into its confidence as to tho extont of its circulation. Those two sis'ers had bottor be warned :n time. If their big brothers should happen to come along whilo they have the soulless sheet in their handa, there'll bo iho dickens to play at home. This is no excuso for such conduct The sub scription to that highly moral production, tho Aitaus, is only two shillings a quarter. *.* Thc.Rov. Dr. Harris, of tho King's School, and his daughters had a peouliar though by no means uncommon experience tho other day on tho mouutains, whouco thoy had gone to balance matters between tho humidity of Par ramatta and tho frigidity of Blackhoath. Tho learned master and his daughters accompaniod with one or two friends started out to explore the beauties of 9ome of the valleys when they woro overtaken by a mist and could scarcely see their hands before ttiem. Night coming on brought no relief, and there was no help for it but to camp out all night. Propaiations were made accordingly, and tho youngladies taking in the romautio side of tho picture entered into tho arrangements with lively satisfaction. The only covering ovorhoad was heaven's conopy and the mattresses were nature's mantlo. Doubtless tho fair Rosalind s thoughts flow to that scono in ' As you like it ' in tho Forest of A'rden. Now a scono or two under such cir cumstances would have been realistic V Our poet Uuroato has been on the '? wallaby.' Lust Monday ho turned up again with this simple request proferred in tho heart of some bundles of MSS : — ' Would you kindly give mo a Is. I want to tot per train to Sydnoy.' The old man said ho could uot rest anywhoro —ho must always ho roaming about. Hore is one pieco of poetry whioh tho old man par ticularly prided himself on : — THY VIOLET EYES. Comu on moraines wing to me, Co.no on ripiilinff waves ..f sonc, Cmiii; with spmidiii;:. tints uf gold, Como VituVuOTniilJr's vfenuYiwh, Soft on purple, shrouded skies, Com..-, my darling-, when the dawn Is peeping through thy violet oyes. Come in-ranged with summer Howers, Lot the lilies ginl thv face. Fringed with true fwvut-ine- nots lie thy beauty and thy Rr.iee. C.ime with morning's softest breath. Wreiithed with lustre from the skies, Come, my dm ling, when the dnwu la gleaming through thy violet oyes. Come with rolics of ruliv hue, 1*1 thy (rniroful furin diwliue. Now to fight, tho shelter where ll-uuty sought and fuund repose. Coiub when ??viik'ning forests, sing, Come when op'iiiim- flowers .irii. Come my darling, when the dawn Is clustered o'er thy violet eyes. riULII'D. LO1UMKU. A ghost is perambulating about Beecroft in the vicinity of the new road lending to Mr. Budin's house. We hope this has no connec tion with the phantom raised b*- Mr. Coward and his henchman over that road matter oat that way. Sober-minded people tell you, how ever; that they have seen the nocturnal shadow, and ladies in the neighbourhood are prostrate with fear nnd fright and will not venture near the haunted spot after dusk. Bodies of well armed men and ferocious dog have gone forth to solve the mvsterv : but in the opinion of tho owners of the canines, the mystery is intensi fied owing to the fact that the dogs can't soe anj thing— while they (the owners) can— and aro as quiet as old sheep. Yet another defeat for that long-promised railway to Castle Hill. On Wednesday even ing tho Rosehill Railway Line Extension Bill was defeated by 48 votes to 21, the fatal division taking place on the first clause. Many influential men, including the Premier and other members of the present and the last Ministry, supported tho Bill ; but the Labour members — ihe destroying angels of the House, whose only mission appears to be to destroy the usefulness of Parliament— went solidly against it. -Messrs. Farnell, Nobbs, and Dale voted for it ; but where was Mr. Jacob Garrard ? Did he vote against it? He was evidently opposed to the bill, or he would have been in his place and helped his constituency with, his volo. . As tho old Psalmist says, those that are not; for us aro against us. Yet another nail, Mr. Garrard. Unle3S we are very much mistakon the C.C.A. and H. Association will find. George McCredie the right man in the right place as president. He is a good fellow wherever he-is met with. : *,? ThoNorthern District Progress Associations' delegates, like sensible men, agree to differ over the quostion of u general cemetery. It is not to be expected that, where so many places have to bo considered, all can be of the one mind as to the exact looatiou of God's acre. Certainly a trifle of acerbity cropped up at times ; but ive believe that, as the delegates come to know each other better, they will not be so disposed to cavil or to carp at the other fellow's views. ~ ? - v As regards the .Pennant Hills site, the fat seems to be all in the fire. It now transpires ] that this site, which was favourod by a majority , of tho Associations, is the identical one which the Railway Commissioners havo purchased for i a convalescent home. Under this strange development, we should advise the postpone ment of the question until something like ' unanimity can be procured in reference to a site. It is pretty certain that those opposed to the Eust Carlingford site will strenuously objoot to any further action for the present at all events, and as the general council ia just about to burst into practical existence, it would be unwise to disturb its harmony by tho breach which would bo bound to result if any attempt were made to force a particular site on a majority of the people. Such a breach at the presont juncture would certainly impair the future usefulness and operations of the council. » Altogether, wo regard the now Granvillo council as a dooided improyement on the old ; but, judging by the last meeting, it will resolve itself into a bear garden unless aldormen display a little more good taste and respect ono towards tho other. Mr. Spears and Mr. Finnegan should not forget tho les«on whioh the duncil luarnt late jasfc year — thnt personalities und nasrgiug destroy the harmonys of tho proceeding and interfero with the proper transaction of business. * e Parramatta jurymen are becoming notorious. There was another discreditable and stupid sceuo at an inquest this week. Tho wonder is that any ' body ' should corne to Parramatta to bo 'sat on' after what has transpired lately. Our sympathies are with tho Coroner and the unfortunate jurymen who happen to bo herded with th^se scene creators. An inquisition should bo the last placo to be used for the exeroiso of flashness. Parents who allow their children to attend Sunday school under false pretences, so that tho young grabs cun bo in all the picnics and tea meetings, should be flogged. The Wos leyan S.S. went up 100 per cent in view of tho Springwood outing. Now doubtless they will all flock to the Baptist, as their turn is next. * Mr. Farnell is doing good work for his con stituents. His early agitation of the Dura] Railway should be followed up in no half hearted fashion by the people interested. The 'Daily Telograph' drops on to the so-oalled Labour party very warmly in an editorial for their opposition to tho Roschill railway. Says tho D.T. :— ' The Stato is con fessedly unable for want of money to undertako tho construction of this now railway, but it is at least preposterous, especially iu the circum stances of the motneut, for tho Labor party in Parliament to lay down as a hard- arid- fast law that because the Government is incapable of undertaking this work of public utility no ono else shall, and this appears to be the solo reason for the stoppage of this unimportant enterprise by tho wofully misguided Labour party.' 